 The following short is part of a collaboration between myself and the artist Nacnac. It will be completely reworked to fit the format as a voice-over for one of the artist's upcoming animations, but I've been given permission to release it in this form. 

Look Nacnac up, you won't be disappointed.

Hope you enjoy...

*****

My name is Mandi, and I have a dirty little secret.

I came to at the sound of myself slamming the door behind me. I was alone in my dorm room, with no recollection of what I'd been doing or how I'd gotten there.

I held a heavy book in my hand. My last memory started to come into focus in my confused mind... I'd taken that book, a dusty old tome full of dark forbidden spells, and performed a mystic rite. From there on I couldn't remember a thing!

Looking down, I was very glad to see that the spell had worked; my flat boyish chest was gone, replaced by the novel sight of deep cleavage. My little black tank top struggled to hold what were now my immense gorgeous breasts, which sat high and round against me, so contrasting to my lean and fit body.

"Oh my god, yes! It really worked," I cried. Tossing the book to the floor, I cupped my new tits, my hands unable to contain their voluminous roundness, and hoisted them up. I could feel my nipples, now bold and perky, digging into my fingers. Letting go, they dropped back down against my chest, sustaining a wonderful jiggle. I couldn't wait until the guys got a load of this.

I whipped my tank top off, wanting to get a better look. They were absolutely spectacular, perfect in every way. The spell couldn't have turned out better!

...Or so I thought.

I smoothed my hands over them, feeling a tingle of pleasure at my touch. It was a gentle heat, centred between my legs. I paid no mind, still admiring my chest.

That sensation was increasing though, building in intensity and heat. I was getting hot. Without wasting a moment, I stripped out of my mini skirt, leaving me in just my sheer black leggings and thong panties. 

"Oh god... it feels... I feel strange...!" I clenched my thighs together as pleasure turned to pain. I fell to my knees.

I was suddenly commanded by an impulse to reach down into that burning fire. Somehow I felt I could put it out, the same way I put out all of my unsatisfied temptations... But looking down, I found things were not as I'd left them.

I'd been so distracted by my new tits that I didn't realize what else had changed! At first, I still didn't... I didn't understand what that thick, bulging mass in my panties was. It was just so unexpected. It still burned with need. My hands seemed to know what to do...

I touched it, and the feeling gave way to pleasure. I had to continue.

It started to grow. It was like I'd just thrown a switch, and almost instantly that mass in my panties was expanding, lengthening and stretching my panties even further. There was no mistaking what it was.

"Oh my god...! It's... a cock!"

I fell back against the side of my bed, watching that beast of an appendage increase still. My panties tore away, unable to withstand the pent up force of its growth, and it burst out. It was fucking huge! ...Over a foot long already, it showed no sign of stopping as it gained stiffness and began to rise up.

Throbbing, throbbing... extending and hardening. I was utterly amazed and horrified once it was fully up. I dropped my hands to my sides, staring in disbelief. A foot and a half of me, rock hard and shuddering with power. "Is this thing real...?" It must have been. I could feel its weight, I could see my blood coursing through its powerful looking veins.

Reluctantly I touched it, feeling its hotness against my hand. Hard as steel. "This feels... really good," I said.

I wrapped a hand around my girth, my fingers unable to encircle it, and began to slowly stroke... up and down, travelling the distance. With each pass of my arm my new tits swooped in delicious circles. "This is so wrong," I said... but there was no denying how right it felt.

I rose to my knees, beginning to stroke faster, reaching out to cup the head with my other hand. It was especially sensitive there. With every stroke waves of pleasure ran through it, addictive sensations that begged for me continue, to give it more.

In an animal frustration I began to hump my hips with a futile need as I wrung my two hands along the length repeatedly. A pressure was building, commanding me to persist. I had to keep going, it felt so right! There was no stopping me!

Suddenly like a bolt of lightning, an orgasm like nothing I'd felt before struck. I fell back, my body clenching as I persisted to stroke. My new cock was shuddering and shaking in my hands with a power that both frightened and exhilarated me, and huge thick ropes of cum were surging out... again, and again... seemingly endless. The pleasure was mind blowing!

It seemed like forever, but I must have been cumming for about twenty seconds. Gasping for breath, I laid back, trying to understand what had just happened. In the haze of my euphoria I stared at the end of my dripping dick as it reached for the sky, beating hard, not yet sated.

"Why are you here?! I didn't ask for this! Fuck, and it's still rock hard!"

...But there was a voice inside me, comforting me... persuading me.

Mandi... do not fear. You have received a very powerful gift. Use it. Embrace it. Love it...

I blinked, my emotions easily influenced in my state of vulnerability and shock. The tip of my towering member was swaying in front of me, almost level with my neck as it pulsed to the beat of my heart, and the authority of those words was creeping into my mind. 

It was the most beautiful cock I'd ever seen, and it was just inches from my face. I licked my lips.

"Maybe just a little kiss..." I leaned forward and passed the thick, hot head between my lips. Oh my god, it felt good. I started to suck, loving the feel of my tongue as it passed over the ridge of my cumsoaked glans.

My hips were spurred into movement, and again I found myself humping them with need, desperate to fuck something, anything... my own mouth! I reached back, pulling my head further down my huge dick, feeling the tip punch my tonsils repeatedly.

'Fuck, this feels so good,' I thought. 'Can't stop... can't stop...'

I continued to frantically buck into my mouth, ramming that huge fuckstick down my throat. My tits were smacking against its sides, so with one arm I hugged them tight around it. I was simultaneously throat and tit-fucking myself with my humongous cock - unbelievable!

I was in a trance, totally under its control. I snapped out of it only when another surge of cum erupted out, filling my throat with more thick spunk. I was sputtering on the successive shots of cum - there was just so much!

In the grip of my second orgasm I pulled it out of my mouth and began to finish myself off, stroking the hot tip of my dick as rope after long rope of cum blasted out.

When it was finally over I collapsed back against the side of my bed, tired and in a state of utter disbelief. What a fucking mess! The cum wasliterally everywhere, and my huge dick was lying semi-hard between my thighs. 'Oh god,' I thought, 'what just happened...? It was so strange... so... hot?'

I was beginning to wonder how my life was going to change with that new addition to my anatomy.

I felt a shudder, a jolt between my legs. My cock was starting to lift off the ground, regaining its size and hardness.

"Fuck, not again!"