 Nacnac has approved me to just go wild with Mandi, so while the previous story was meant to be a brief one-shot we should now expect a series of shorts featuring our demonically possessed cum-cannon goth-babe!

Once again I have to stress that these stories are totally separate from the Goddesses universe that I typically write about. They are quick and un-serious, maybe even a little funny, and completely centric on crazy sex.

Hope you like.

*****

My campus had an abnormally high number of good looking females, and while I'd always figured myself to be just a bi-curious sort of girl the new me clearly lusted for the fairer sex. That was something I'd realized during my first foray out of my dorm room, where I encountered Ashley.

Ashley was the dormitory slut. It seemed like every night a different guy would walk hand in hand with her into her room, only to leave an hour later with glazed eyes, messed up hair and a goofy grin. The noise they'd make was unreal - something I was painfully aware of since she lived directly across the hall from me. She must have been a hell of a fuck. She was also kind of a bitch.

I was naive enough to think I'd be fine as I left my room, yet the moment I did so there she was. She had a habit of wandering the dorm in just her panties and a tank top, and that was exactly what that slim little bitch was doing. "Mandi...?"

Her eyes narrowed on my chest, which until that night had been totally flat. Now with my every movement my tits rocked back and forth inside my undersized top. They dwarfed hers, which was no small feat when she must have been pushing a double-D.

"Uh, Ashley." I looked away from her, feeling a sudden wave of heat and desire. Despite the multiple sessions of self-pleasure I'd already had that night the beast was awakening again within me. Now I knew why she was so popular - she with her perfect and lightly tanned body, so tight and petite yet with curves for days. That dirty blonde hair, that permanent 'fuck me' stare. It made my heart rate increase, and the blood rush down to my cock. "Can't talk right now, bye!" 

I was moments away from an explosive reveal when I opened the door to my room and zipped back inside. As I entered the safety of my room my cock erupted out from beneath my skirt, and in mere seconds that huge baseball bat of a phallus was swaying in front of me and throbbing with renewed hunger.

I had an urge to go back into the hallway, massive erection and all, and take her right then and there. She'd never be the same again. My hand was already creeping toward the doorknob, as if my own bodily control was being swayed by whatever dark powers had possessed me and endowed me with my freakish new physique. "No dammit," I hissed, pulling my hand back to my side, "no one can know!"

The only thing to do then was sate my urges. For what must have been the fifth time that night, I was going to take matters into my own hands. I walked to my bed, watching it swing heavily with each step, and sat down. I was frustrated, but it was hard to hate it when playing with it made me feel so good. I began to run my hand up and down its thick girth, and noted once again how doing so knocked the side of one of my breasts, sending the fabulous pair into jiggly motion.

"She was totally checking these out. Guess now I have the best tits in the dorm." I gave one of my nipples a pinch through my tank top, which sent a wave of pleasure up my spine and into my cock as well, making it throb even harder. I started to pick up speed.

The sheer amount of masturbation I'd done that night had my arms turning sore, but after seeing Ashley's sexy little body I really couldn't help myself. It was so strange to be imagining myself fucking another girl with it. I'd never thought of another girl in quite that way before, but as my hands travelled up and down my gigantic dick I lusted after the image of her standing outside her dorm room... 

Her little red tank top had clung to her every curve, hugging her big round tits and showing off the points of her nipples. In her panties I was able to see the cheeks of her tight little butt. How much of myself would I be able to fit in it? I was sure it would feel amazing to try and find out.

"Ooh... oooh, OHHH!" I fell back and, pumping my arms frantically, began to climax again. I tilted my cock away from me, not wanting to soil myself, and the thick shots of cum arced overhead and pelted the wall behind my bed, again and again. I kept going, never stopping as I rode the wave of orgasm, a wave fuelled by images of the girl across the hall. Those images kept me going for at least a minute until finally I stopped cumming, and the hardness began to leave me.

***

With order restored and another mess cleaned up I decided to find some special tools to manage my extreme lust. I knew there were much more efficient ways to get myself off than just my hands and mouth, which were built to a scale much smaller than the monster cock I'd been gifted with. I'd definitely have to find something, if I ever wanted to keep up with the routines of my life once the weekend was over.

I put on sunglasses and a baseball cap, and with my black leggings pinned my cock to my thigh inside some loose pants. I stared at the ground during my entire trip to the sex shoppe and back, trying my best not to even glance at anything that could tempt me.

It was a challenge but eventually I arrived home again without incident. I dumped the contents of the brown paper bag onto my bed. I'd bought the largest pocket pussy the shop carried.

"Alright, let's get to business." I undressed, getting rid of everything but my black leggings, which I pulled my flaccid cock out of so it would hang naturally between my thighs. I picked up the pocket pussy - a flesh coloured rubber simulation of a vagina, and held it in front of me.

"Dammit, really?" I didn't feel even the slightest hint of desire. After all the uncontrollable lust and bodily urges I'd experienced all night my monster cock was dead in the water. I wiggled the rubber prop in front of it - nothing - and with a sigh of resignation tossed it onto the bed.

Then it began. 

"Ohhh, Brayden!"

"My name is Brayson."

"OHHH, BRAYSON."

Ashley was at it again.

I could actually feel the sex coming from her room, as if I was sensing some sort of natural mating energy. My member began to throb. With my hands on my hips I watched as it grew long, dropping down only to rise just as it descended past my knee. My pulse quickened as it began to fatten and get stiff. Soon it was at full mast, throbbing with its monstrous power as it pointed slightly up from where it began. Taut veins laced its every inch, providing the bloodflow to keep that supernatural dick ultra-engorged.

"Oh god damn," I muttered. The urge to thrust it into something, someone, was incredible. I moved to my bed where I picked up my pocket pussy. Like a compass pointing north I aligned myself with the doorway, towards Ashley's room across the hall. The pocket pussy was tiny compared to my girth, but with a couple squirts of the sample lube that came with it I was able to force it onto the first six inches of my dick. I wrung it up and down that final third of me, imagining it was her. The tightness felt amazing.

They were getting noisier. I could hear the furniture creaking as their amateurish sex hit its stride, which provoked me to thrust the rubber device harder up and down my cock, as if I were the cause for all that noise. The head was punching past the back extremity of it, stretching the rubber out so far that it would turn temporarily transparent. Doing that gave me a couple extra inches of pleasure, but it wouldn't last. As I shut my eyes and envisioned myself thrusting my huge cock into Ashley a deeply penetrating stroke, coupled with a push of my hips, was all it took for me to rupture the device and come breaking through the other side.

For a moment I stared at the rubber prop, which squeezed my throbbing girth as it hung there, impaled. "Fuck it," I said, and I continued to use the pocket pussy. With the rear of it opened up I was able to work much more of my huge cock, all the way up to the thickest part of it in the middle, which it couldn't stretch around. Even better, I was able to tilt my length up and offer little licks and sucks to the swollen tip, which naturally reached my collar in that position. "Ohh, that feels good," I moaned, imagining it was Ashley's tongue upon that huge pink head and her hands around the shaft. Precum was starting to dribble down my dick, lubricating my motions better than the cheap lubricant ever could. 

I was beginning to gain depth, wringing the rubber prop along over a foot of me, where it stopped at the fattest section of my eighteen inch monster. That stretched it nearly to the breaking point, but I couldn't stop. One overzealous thrust was all it took to end it, as a tiny split instantly became a tear. My brand new pocket pussy opened up into a floppy rubber sheet, completely destroyed.

"Fucking piece of shit!" I threw it on the ground. My cock was trembling with need, as if angered that I'd stopped. Ashley and whatever his name was were getting louder. In my state of intense arousal I was beginning to lose control of myself, and the impulsive desire of my demonic possessor was taking over.

Despite my near nudity I opened the door to my room and, huge swinging erection and all, walked out into the hall. The door to Ashley's room was locked, but that didn't matter. With a strength I'd never before known I kicked it down and strode inside.

Ashley's new boyfriend was on top of her, mounting her missionary style on her bed. "Thanks for warming her up, Brandon," I said. 

I swatted him off of her with one swing of my arm. He went careening across the room into a bookshelf, then fell into a crumple on the floor. "My name is Brayson," he wheezed, completely winded.

"Omigod, Mandi! You have a... holy shit! What are you doing?"

"Shut your slutty mouth, Ashley." A beastly undertone an octave below my normal voice rang out with my words, as if the demon and I were speaking as one.

"Are your eyes glowing?? Omigod, what's happened to you?!"

I took her by the hair and made motions to thrust myself into her mouth, but the sheer length of me exceeded my reach, and instead my cock smacked her hard along the side of her face.

"What the fuck are you doing," she whined, holding her cheek.

By pulling my hips back I gained the space I needed, and finally I was able to shut her up. Her whines were replaced by guttural gags as the huge fleshy tip of my tool rammed against her tonsils. With a solid handful of her dirty blonde hair I stepped back, roughly guiding her forwards onto her hands and knees.

What I did next frightened me, but there was no resisting my urges, for I'd lost myself to the insanity of my lust. I stepped forward, sliding into the straight tunnel her throat formed in that pose. "Ohhh my god, yes!" She was skewered on me, with much of my immense hardness throbbing in her esophagus and more to come. The feel of moist heat around me was divine, and her steady gags and coughs were sending ripples of pleasure up my spine. 

Aha, I knew you had it in you! Yes Mandi, use her! Fuck her like the piece of meat she is! She'll thank you for it when you're done!

After having teased myself in my room for so long I was already close to cumming. With my hands around her head I bucked in and out of her, seeking to finish myself off. She was whimpering weakly, completely subdued yet taking me like a champ. It was only moments until I felt the pressure within me about to burst.

"Alright Ashley, drink up!" I thrust myself deep, not stopping until her lips kissed my crotch, and let go. Her body trembled with the force of my throbbing beats of orgasm. I could feel the cum running out of me, disappearing into the bottom of her belly. It was a lot.

When the climactic throbs of my release finished I pushed her off of my cock, and she fell onto her back, leaving my dick wildly swinging and bobbing in the open air. She moaned weakly, barely having the will to move. I felt the slightest pang of guilt for what I'd done to her, but still the demon was in control, and it wasn't yet satisfied. 

"Do you have any idea how sick I am of hearing you fuck?" I got onto the bed, holding my cock steady as I slowly crawled toward her. It was still as hard as ever. "How many frat boys have to bone you until it gets old?"

"N-no, Mandi, don't put it in me again... it's... it's..."

"Too big? Boys like Brandon over there will seem small once I'm through with you, and then I won't ever have to hear you again. You'll only cry out for me, and that's when I'm generous enough to let you fuck me."

Kneeling between her knees I nudged the tip up against her entrance and worked it around, getting it slick with the film of cum and spit that coated it. Then I crept forward, parting her lips and locking myself in place.

"Oh god, Mandi!"

"Mmmmmmh! That feels so good." I was slowly sinking myself deep into her and spreading her open. My immense length was burrowing further than any normal man could ever go, yet I'd only hid half of it in her. I met resistance, so it seemed as good a time as any to pull back and repeat.

"OHH FUCK!"

"That's right, bitch. How's that?" I was already picking up speed, giving her the fuck of her life. The resistance I was feeling was weakening. "Do you like it yet? How's it feel?"

"Holy shit, your huge dick... unggh..."

"My huge dick what?"

"It's amazing, ahhh!"

The demon laughed as I continued to victoriously feed her my length. It spoke of things I hadn't known were possible, dark secrets of the female anatomy that only a being possessed with its potency could access. On its urging I stepped forward, and the weakened resistance of her deepest limit reluctantly opened up. It squeezed me with such delicious pressure as I sank myself much, much further into her, until every inch of myself was hidden. I could see the impression of my cock pressing against the interior of her body.

I pulled back slowly, then while staring down between my magnificent breasts at the shape of myself within her returned to her warm and reluctant womb. She was moaning like an animal, completely subdued. The demon within me was pleased.

Of course the next thing to do was speed up. It was amazing - to feel her body tightly surrounding my entire shaft was exactly what I'd been craving, from the very moment I awoke in my transformed body. Soon my balls were smacking heavily against her ass as I used her to the extreme. 

I didn't know or care whether or not she was cumming, but it was clear that I would be soon enough. I continued to savagely use her, until I felt the oncoming promise of release. I sank myself deep into her loose, ruined vagina and let go. 

Mind blowing, world shattering... I could give all sorts of cliched descriptions of how that felt, but suffice to say it was the best fucking orgasm ever. I was crouching over her, wheezing with ecstasy as my massive cock injected her with blast after blast of cum. Her belly was swollen with the volume I was depositing within her womb.

When the haze of orgasm lifted I looked around me. Whatever his name was was long gone, though other students were standing at what was left of the doorway and staring with various looks of amazement, arousal and disgust. 

"H-holy shit, Mandi," Ashley whispered. I pulled out, and with me came a surge of thick cum. It continued to rush out of her as her belly slowly deflated. I chuckled darkly, stroking my massive cumslicked tool as I gazed down upon what I'd done.

Very good. You have pleased me immensely, Mandi. I will leave you alone, for a little while, and you may attempt to live your life as you normally would. Know and embrace the fact that we are one and our desires must be fulfilled often, as they were tonight.

You have only seen the beginning of my power. If you should resist I will not hesitate to take over. 