 "Can you turn that off? I'm trying to finish our homework."

I was lying on my bed with my laptop on my stomach while Izabel worked at a report due the next morning. Without any resistance I shut off my favourite industrial metal band.

Oh, really? She won't let us listen to our music, either?

"I want her to get that report done soon," I whispered. "Then we can have some fun."

To hell with waiting. Who's in charge here, anyway? We've only 'had fun' with Izabel all week. Let's try someone else.

"Shut up Demon. I like her."

The demon took up a mocking, nasal tone: Shut up Demon, I like her!

"Oh, fuck off!"

No Mandi. I'm not satisfied at all.

"Don't care."

I think it's time you were reminded which one of us is boss. 

"Well considering you're just an annoying voice in my head, I'd say I am."

Nonsense. You know I have control over you. That I made you. I could have given you three foot dick nipples, I could have turned you into a walking dildo, I could even have removed your mind! Instead I made you amazing. And this disobedience is the thanks I get? 

You're about to learn the true dynamic of our relationship.

"The fuck are you..." 

I let go of my laptop, and it slid off of my tummy onto the bed. I was suddenly extremely nauseous, and getting dizzy. My eyelids became heavy, and reality began to fade. As my vision turned to black I slumped back onto my bedsheets and was lulled off into a thick slumber.

***

Gradually I began to hear something... something wet, like cold leftover chow mein being lifted and dropped back into a bowl. As I regained awareness of my body it slowly occurred to me that I was no longer lying down: my arms were being held raised, and something was wrapped tight around each of my legs. Whatever it was that had this hold on me was keeping me suspended in the air. Feeling sudden panic I struggled, wanting to feel the ground beneath my feet.

I heard the Demon's laughter, though this time it wasn't in my head. It was all around me, reverberating with a strange, cavernous ambience. "Ugh, fuck off Demon! What is this? Why can't I see anything?" My voice was miniscule in comparison to its bassy rumbling.

"This is your punishment, Mandi. You're about to learn a lesson in obedience."

"Ugh...!" As I continued to struggle blurry images began to form before my eyes. I was naked in some dark cylindrical place, a pit, which was grotesquely lit by diffuse bluish light. The wall surrounding me was moving, in a way I didn't yet understand. Around my arms and legs some sort of shiny bluish grey ropes were wrapped and holding me in the air. "Where are we?"

"We are within the darkest recesses of our hearts, a place were reality has folded in on itself to create macabre visions of lurid depravity. This is a world for only you and I, a place where I am lord and you are my plaything."

"Like hell I am!" I struggled harder, but the ropes were strong. With a wet sound they moved, wriggling further up my legs and pulling them apart, putting me into a shameful spread eagled position. My flaccid shaft fell down to hang swaying beneath me. I realized then what they were... those things, wrapped around my arms and legs, were huge tentacles. They glistened with slippery wetness, and were incredibly strong. "Oh fuck no!"

As I continued to struggle it dawned on me why it seemed the walls were moving: They were covered with more tentacles. That sticky, slippery noise all around me was them shifting against each other. Everything was tentacles!

The terror was beginning to set in as two more tentacles sprung into movement, rising up towards my hanging body like threatened cobras. They were tipped with round cup-like openings. I'd seen enough strange anime to know what that meant.

Shloop, shloop... Two of them fastened themselves over my breasts. I could feel suction against my nipples, like a pair of strange circular mouths. It was creepy and gross but it felt nice. Those suckers knew just how to work my big tits, creating feelings I could have never felt with my old flat chest. I began to feel a whisper of desire, and the sensation of my cock beginning to harden.

"Would you stop struggling already Mandi? There's no point - you could never overcome my power." 

I was getting lost in how good it felt when, inevitably, I felt tentacles elsewhere. "Ahhh... ah, no, not that!" There was a wet tickle that was lifting my heavy demon-gifted sac to approach my pussy. Even worse, I felt another of the same caressing the crease of my ass. I struggled harder and clenched my eyes shut, wishing for a miracle to release me from the evil grasp of my demon.

It didn't hurt at first - those tentacles were tapered to a point, but they steeply widened from there, and as they slid into both my openings I was quickly forced to adapt to their increasing girth. At that moment I was glad for the disgusting slime that coated those alien appendages; without it I'd have probably been torn open! Never before had I felt such hugeness, in either of those places. "Fucking... ughhh!" I'd been utterly filled.

With gross, wet sounds they began to move, scissoring against each other within me. At my violation I groaned my anger and disgust, but there was a husky undertone to the sound I'd produced. I liked them, even more than the pair that continued to work my tits. They weren't sexy, but every internal facet of my female anatomy was being squeezed and rubbed by my slithering invaders, producing in me a sensation of complete womanly gratification like nothing I'd known before. I was soon a moaning mess. I could feel my cock had gotten stiff and heavy.

"Gahh, god dammit!" I opened my eyes again and looked down at myself. The tentacle-suckers on my breasts were attached so hard that the adjacent flesh was blanched white. They were throbbing with each suctioning pulse, pulling pleasure from my beauties in tingling waves. Further down I could see my normally flat belly distorting from the movements of my thick intruders like a pair of pythons in a bag. South of that, my cock had reached its full foot and a half of hardness.

"Yes, give in Mandi. Let it happen... We're finally having fun again!"

If I'd known when I welcomed the demon into my life that that enormous monster of a cock was going to become part of my body, I'd have never even touched the book of spells that created our unholy union. I'd have turned and ran from it, never looking back. Yet that unwanted surprise had soon become the centre of my world. I'd become proud of the power and gratification it gave me. As I looked down at it it throbbed with hungry energy, and I felt the burning need to please it. Given the option I'd have started stroking it, or even better guided its tip up to its welcome home within my mouth, but in the bondage of those disgusting tentacles that was impossible.

"I gave you the power to use it Mandi, whenever you like, and on whomever you like. And it's given you such pleasure... until now. You want to play with it, don't you?"

"Oh god, yes!"

"But you can't. You've bored me, Mandi, and I'm going to solve my boredom by taking that option away."

"Unnh!" The feeling was getting so intense! I can never resist the urge to pleasure it. Either with a person or by myself, I make the need go away. Under the disgusting yet pleasing attention of the demon's tentacles my cock had gotten so hard it felt like it could explode. Precum was dripping down in a long string, swaying with the mad throbs of my desire. It was unbearable. "P-please... let me... give me..."

"Do you want me to use one of my icky tentacles?"

"That's fucking gross! But... yes!"

It laughed, taunting me with a bassy rumble that filled the slimy cavern. "Nope." Instead, the pair within me quickened, soon pushing me near the verge of orgasm. "I could make you cum for an eternity, but your cock will never back down unless it gets what it wants. You know that. Now suffer it!" I entered ecstasy.

"Ahhhh!" My pussy was first to erupt, so hard that a spray of my womanly fluid spritzed hot against my spread thighs. That had never happened before. Only a moment later my asshole began to climax, which was something I'd never even thought possible. They beated around the invading tentacles, and I was engulfed in a pleasure that I as a woman had never felt before.

The demon's laughter still rang out. In its worsening state my cock was bucking hard and tossing wads of precum out and down into the nothingness with each throb, and through my mind erasing ecstasy I still felt its need. "Waaaa! So good! But let me, let me cum with my... let me.. unnhhh!"

"Hahaha! And this is only a taste of my power! Never disobey me, Mandi!" Still, the tentacles surged within me, and still I suffered its torment.

"Okay! I'll never disobey you again, just please!" I was shaking my hips, desperately humping at the air as I felt my sanity begin to fade. "Let the rest of me cum!"

"That's what I like to hear."

The second tentacle, the one which had chosen to defile my ass, shifted and began to withdraw. The remaining bit of it curled against itself and pressed against what I suppose must have been my prostate. Tingles of electric pleasure began to run through my entire body, joining the chaos of release that I was immersed within. As those tingles grew more intense I felt a pressure in the base of my cock. The flood gates were opening.

"Oh, yes, push harder! Make me cum!"

The demon did. 

"Unnnh!!"

Torrents of hot white spunk fired from my member, and as I finally felt the release I needed, as my orgasmic pleasure completed itself to become the most gratifying climax I'd ever felt, I began to feel sane again.

"Was that so bad? We're having fun again."

"Oh thank god. Okay, let's get back to the normal world. I've learned my lesson."

"What? Did you think I'd like you go that easily?"

The stiffness was beginning to leave my cock. Through eyes left weary from the abuse I saw two more tentacles spring up and into view! One wrapped itself around the base of my member, where it began to squeeze, and like some sort of depraved cock-ring it forced me to remain at my full size. The second tentacle had a cup-like opening, much like the set that still lay locked against my breasts. It hovered before the end of my downward drooping cock.

"In this forbidden realm my will is law. The only person who can set you free is me... and I'm no where near done yet!"

The second tentacle slid onto the end of my cock, then advanced upward toward my body, stretching to conform to my girth. Its inner texture was like dozens of nubs, of slippery nipples, which made me shudder and squirm as they slid against my over-sensitive post-orgasmic cock flesh. "Hey, what are you doing now?! Get this disgusting thing off me!"

Once again, the demon laughed. The little nubs within the second tentacle seemed to harden for a moment, then relaxed as I felt moisture begin to coat my shaft. The fluid quickly transitioned from the cool temperature of the tentacle into searing hotness, but before the pain became unbearable the sensation gave way to gentle tingles. "Oh, what...?" As the tingles flowed from the outside of my cock to its core the chemicals in the fluid induced throbs, soon making me straight as a rod and hard as steel. I was under so much pressure, like it was again about to erupt. "What the hell is this?!"

"You see this little friend of mine feeds off your pleasure. It drinks your bodily fluids, growing stronger with each climax, draining your lifeforce until you cease to live."

"You would kill me? I said I'd obey you now, what more do you want?"

The enclosing tentacle began to move, stretching and contracting along my throbbing, chemically induced erection. It surged upward to bump against my abdomen, then back the nearly eighteen inch distance to barely grasp the tip, over and over again. All those little individual nubs dug against my taut meat, teasing it as they slid tightly against it.

"Oh, god!" As if I hadn't learned anything at all from the moments of struggle before, I fought against the hold of the tentacles, but still I could do nothing to resist their hold. The writhing, surging sucker, though uninvited, felt amazing around my cock. "Annhhh...!"

The tentacle in my rear began to move, applying slight pressure against my prostate again, teasing me with whispers of release. I was so deeply in pleasure that I began to involuntarily rock my hips, all the while growling in anger at my violation.

"You want to cum again, don't you Mandi? But this time it'll cost you!"

"F-f-fuck you, Demon," I gasped. 

"Haha." Added pressure against my prostrate kickstarted my climax, and my balls flexed up towards my groin as they began to pump out their seed. 

"Gahhhh!" The sucking tentacle zoomed up to seal itself against my hips, enveloping my cock, and I watched as I throbbed hugely within it. Within a haze of pleasure I saw rounded swells, big gulps of my cum, begin to travel away from me through its interior and down the tentacle towards wherever its stomach was, like sips through a straw. There was suction - it was milking me. "No, no," I whimpered, feeling my strength begin to fade.

"Oh-ho-ho yes," the Demon growled. In my bottom its tentacle still squirmed, forcing me to continue to pump out my enormous load, emptying me further than I ever normally could. My balls were actually beginning to feel lighter, and the repeated rounds of cum that the tentacle drank began to decrease - I was becoming empty.

Without a moment given to rest the tentacle in my pussy - which I'd just about forgotten about, owing to what else was going on - began to wriggle inside me. It tensened into hardness and started to slide in and out of me like some sort of disgusting dildo. "No, enough," I moaned weakly.

"Never enough. Hahaha!"

"Unhh!" It was starting to feel good. It seemed to have settled at the perfect shape and size for me, and my mind was starting to accept its intrusion. I started to rock my hips, hotly grinding.

"Hahaha! So easy." It hooked upwards, and I could feel the tip digging into me, targeting my G spot. It rubbed and dug into it as it surged in and out, feeling absolutely amazing. Stupefied from all that I was enduring I gave a garbled moan as my hips rocked harder.

As I came on the tentacle the one enclosing my cock began to again produce fluid around my cock. For a moment I felt the same burning sensation, followed by tingles, and again my foot and a half of drooping shaft became over-stiff and fully engorged. "No, no," I breathed faintly. "I have no more." I was nearly in tears as it began to move against my cock, again surging up and down, fucking me.

When the tentacle in my ass mounted its third assault on my prostate I recoiled in pain. It was sore from the repeat abuse. It only had to work a little harder to do its job, forcing me to climax. "Gahhh, no! I can't... Can't cum anymore!"

It hurt. My body wasn't able to endure that much pleasure, that amount of forced emptying. As the tentacle milked me dry I started to feel my remaining strength fade. Everything went black.

***

I awoke with a start, lying naked on a bed. It wasn't my own. "What the...? Where are my clothes? Where am I?"

Blinking away my sleepy confusion I rolled over onto my back, and the bedsheets stuck to me for a moment as I went, glued to my skin by a crust of what I already new must have been old cum. It was day time, about mid-morning, and I was in someone else's dorm. The place stunk of sex.

I sat up. "Oh, shit."

There were other students, both male and female, lying naked around me in states of deep sleep. They, like the rest of the room, were caked with more old cum. Beneath their glazing of spunk I could see the beginnings of bruises starting to form on their skin. A massive dresser sat against the door - they hadn't been able to escape.

I knew that no one but myself could have done what I was seeing. The demon must have taken over my body during my bizarre tentacle trip and used it to the extreme on my fellow students.

I got off the bed and began to rummage around, looking for clothes to cover myself up. I settled for someone's jeans, a zip-up hoodie and a baseball cap to hide my face. With my demonic strength I yanked the dresser away from the door, opened it and tiptoed out of the room. 

"What did you do, demon," I whispered as I stepped down some stairs, dodging tipped over bottles and empty pizza boxes. It was the aftermath of a massive frat party.

Hehehe... 

"Well? What did you have me do?" We were quietly exiting the frat house.

Go home Mandi.

"Fucking tell me demon, it's my body!"

Oh I'll tell you. I'll show you even. But you need to go home first, and take a seat. It's going to be a lot to process.

***

When I arrived in my room I was alone - Izabel was at class, probably handing in our assignment. "Okay Demon," I said as I pulled off my borrowed clothes, "I'm home." I sat myself down on my bed. "Now show me."

The demon laughed. Oh boy. Wait 'till you get a load of this! It'll be my pleasure. 

3... 2... 1... Here we go!"

In a flash time seemed to jump backward, and it was night again. I was lying on my bed with my laptop while Izabel did our assignment. I had no control over myself - all I could do was relive what was happening.

...You know I have control over you. That I made you. I could have given you three foot dick nipples, I could have turned you into a walking dildo, I could even have removed your mind! Instead I made you amazing. And this disobedience is the thanks I get? 

You're about to learn the true dynamic of our relationship.

"The fuck are you..." 

I saw the laptop fall off my stomach as I slumped back into sleep, but this time my eyes only closed for a moment. When they opened again I was getting off the bed and stripping out of my clothes. Izabel didn't yet notice.

My naked self walked to the window and began to open it. It was an old thing, always jammed, so it was making a lot of noise. Izabel looked up from our homework. "What... hey, where are your clothes? What are you... Mandi, no!"

I was stepping into the window - one leg, and then the next. Without hesitation I slipped myself through it.

"Mandi!!"

Time slowed to a crawl as I made the four-storey drop down. What should have taken a couple seconds was stretching into minutes, and as I slowly plummeted towards the moonlit grass I saw my body begin to change. My legs were growing longer, and my feet extended and were becoming clawed, like a reptile's. My arms were growing as well, looking powerful as their muscles grew and became more defined, ending with clawed hands so large they could palm a watermelon. My skin was shifting in colour, and though it was hard to be sure in the moonlight I seemed to be turning purple!

With my powerful new legs I easily landed on my feet. Standing upright, the world was a little smaller, and I knew I'd grown much taller. I inhaled the nighttime air in deeply.

Sex. It was faint, but I could smell it. Huhuhuhu, I chuckled to myself, my voice deep and inhuman. My tail whipped back and forth behind me as a predatory excitement took over. My cock was quickly hardening, rising up. 

In my new size it must have been two feet long, but that wasn't the most shocking thing about it - it had a companion. Right below it was another, a duplicate of the first, soon standing just as proud as the original as they sprouted out of a single sheath at my groin. Below my balls were like cantelopes. I had truly become a monster. A towering demon of sexual wrath. 

My hands had become large enough to grasp my girth, and with a shudder of approval I wrapped them around each shaft and gave a few strokes. They were so huge, so hard. I was ready.
