 After the events on the Airship Deliverance, Mara was taken with five other girls onto a carriage and was taken out of town, and along a long dusty road for about seven hours, everyone inside was quiet, as they knew not what to expect. Finally coming upon a very large manor the carriage stopped and let the girls out into a courtyard, the lady got off the carriage and told the girls to follow her. They all did, and where lead into the manor, inside the girls got a shock of their life, moans and groans came from all directions, girls walked around with nothing on, or with very scantly clothing, their was fucking going on in all corners of the rooms, all the women where being trained in the ways of sex, and how to enhance it for both them and their partners, This was the life that Mara would soon be a part of.

The next few years of Mara's life was filled with plenty of sex, with more partners then she could remember, she learned a lot about men, and even more about herself and her body, she discovered every erotic zone on her body, every single spot that made her tingle, even a few spots that could cause her to climax with just a single touch. She was taught how to become the controller in a sexual position, how to take control over a man, with ease. Finally came the day of the final test, to see just how long she could last when it came to having sex. For this she was taken downstairs to the basement, where many upon many strange machines where set up. There she met a Dwarf who guided her over and had her lay back on a table, in which he locked her ankles and wrists in clasps, then he reached over a pulled a lever, in which causing the table to raise up and two small succors lowered down and latched onto her nipples and began to suck on her nipples causing them to become quickly hard, the lower part of the table separated and her legs where spread wide, as a mechanism with a long phallic shape end on it was raised up and slide into her cunt filling her completely to the full, upon locking into the place the phallus began moving back and forth in and out of her slowly, then another smaller phallic shape slide up and entered her hind quarters and began to move in and out of her ass, the phalluses where already coated in a gel that made entry a bit more pleasant, the Dwarf set, the machine on a timer and let it work her body over.

Mara moaned loudly as the phalluses worked her lower half and the succors sucked greedily upon her breasts, after a few hours the dwarf walked back over and saw the beads of sweat running off her body and grinned, he moved a second lever now and the two succors released themselves and larger ones slide down, latching themselves onto her breasts completely. The two phalluses now swelled in size doubling in girth. Mara screamed in ecstasy as she orgasmed deeply, she shut her eyes and purred as the two phalluses speed up and began to move quickly in and out of her, her breaths became broken moans and squeals as the phallic members ravaged her body deeply, she felt them entering deeply in her, and as they did so they sucked out the juices she created in excess, filling containers that sat on a shelf below the machine. The Dwarf walked out of the room now, leaving her be in her utter state of ecstasy. It seemed like forever as she was strapped to the machine, every so often the phalluses increased in size or speed, the succors sucked greedily at her breasts.

Finally the Dwarf returned and his eyes widened as he watched her push back against the phalluses. He walked over and pulled a lever and the succors detached and the phalluses removed themselves. He walked over to her and ran his hands over her stomach. "Aye I've never seen a lass hold out so long, you've long passed the test." 

She grinned and looked down at him, "mind finishing me off, I was so close when you turned it off?"

The Dwarf hit a switch and the table sat back up and lowered down, undoing his pants the dwarf climbed between her legs and shoved his very large girth cock deep into her Elven cunt. She bucked against him and moaned lustfully, "oh my yes! I've never had a cock this thick before, fuck me, fuck me with all you have!"

The dwarf complied and fucked her hard slamming himself deep into her cunt, stretching her inner walls; he loved the feel of Elven cunts as they where always so tight around him. He licked her breasts as he fucked her; she screamed as she had a multiple orgasm, her cunt tightened trapping him in her. He grabbed her hips and kept slamming in and out of her, causing her orgasms to drag out. 

He moaned loudly as she suddenly shot large amounts of his cum into her body, so much as he pulled out it ran down onto the table, he put his pants on and hit the last switch and the clasps released themselves. Two ladies walked in and picked her exhausted body up and carried her out of the basement.

Mara slept deeply for a day and a half, her body recouping from the test, when she awoke she could hardly move as she was still very sore from the sex. And plus a small pain on her leg, as she looked down she found a black rose tattooed on her inner thigh. Symbolizing her as a true Daughter of the Rose. She sighed in relief and fell back asleep. The next few days would be hers to do what she wished around the manor, before she would be sold to a high paying noble or such.

It wasn't long before she was standing in a line with 3 other women, before several lords who looked them over carefully, examining every detail of their bodies. Finally one of the lords a rather plump looking lord grinned as he walked up to her and put a slave collar around her neck, and then paid for her, a few papers where signed and Mara was lead out to a carrage with the man. The man introduced himself as Lord Bilcraft; But Mara would know him as Sir or as Master. It was a rather long ride back to the manor in which he lived, especially with his eyes always upon her body.

Once they arrived Mara was taken to the servants quarters and showed her room, this place was filled with females ranging from as young as 13 to as old as in their 40's and with some of the elven ladies it was hard to tell when it came to age. Mara's room was pretty small just big enough for a bed and a dresser, plus a small area to shower/bathe and use the toilet. Mara was given some very revealing clothing, with short skirts but no undergarments, which was something she really didn't expect. She dressed and got settled in, after awhile an older human lady, who was about in her late forties, knocked on her door and came in. The lady had long brown hair and blue eyes, she was busty and had an hourglass frame, and even for her age she was a beautiful lady. The lady escorted her around, showing her the manor and her duties, which was to be, waiting on the lord as he wished.

They came into the masters quarters and he was in their working at his desk, he grinned and had the lady come over, she did as she was told, and knelt down between his legs, taking his penis which was about five inches long and had a girth of around two and a half inches. The lady instantly began to suck him off, taking his whole member into her mouth and bathing it with her saliva. She worked on him for several minutes till he grunted and held her head down, as he came into her mouth. When finished she rose up and asked if that would be all, he nodded and let the two go. Mara was a bit stunned as how it seemed just like an everyday thing with how the lady serviced him. After awhile she was sent back to her room and left alone for the night.

Morning came and Mara went to where she was told and began to carry dishes and clean up around the manor, she got a shock of her life when she went into the masters quarters and found a young girl straddling Lord Bilcraft's face, she couldn't be more then thirteen at most. She gasped and placed down his meal and bowed, the lord called her over and had the girl get off his face, and she did so with tears in her eyes. Mara could tell that the girl was new and came from a poor family, probably sold to better their lives. The girl ran off as Mara bowed, "what can I do for you M'lord?"

Bilcraft smiled, "you can get over her and bend over, that little one got me rather excited and I need a woman to finish me off."

Mara did as she was told and leaned over, Bilcraft got up and walked up behind her, and grasping her hips shoved his cock into her cunt, she gritted her teeth as she wasn't dry, but as he didn't care, began working his way in and out of her. She cried out with each thrust, her breasts swinging back and forth under her loose shirt, her hair falling around her face, she tightened her cunt muscles and made more noise, hoping that it would speed him along, but in turn he just slamming in her harder, soon she was screaming out with a climax, and began to work back against him as she became more lubricated. Bilcraft kept pumping deep inside of her, back and forth, her eyes clenched tightly as she moaned and groaned, pinching her own nipples as they became hard and sensitive, Her other hand went to her clit rubbing it back and forth as she worked herself up to another orgasm. Finally as she screamed out she felt him stop and pull out, she went to get up as she grabbed her tightly. "Get on your hands and knees!" She did so as he grasped her hard, and began thrusting faster and faster. After a few more minutes he finally came in her and let her go back to her housework.