 What time was it when Mara awoke? Her slumber broken by the sound of a breaking window. She sat up and suddenly went wide eyed as she smelled smoke, and felt the heat, she looked about her as she could feel the heat from the hallways and see the smoke billowing under the door, grabbing a chair she shattered her window and clambered out. She turned around to see the entire mansion ablaze, many of the slave women running and being taken by men in suits of armor, they wore a red signet upon their chests showing her that they belonged to a lord that was enemies with Bilcraft. Mara took flight away from the direction of the nights and into the forest, running as fast as she could she could hear the sounds of hooves behind her, she looked back to see the knights following quickly, but she had the upper hand in the trees being the elf maiden she was, and took to those trees quickly and soon was out of sight of the knights. 

Mara traveled for several days, going through the thick forest, cutting herself many times, her time in captivity making her more prone to the forests environment, her clothing was quickly becoming tatters, of what they used to be, her nightgown now having to be torn up and made to just cover her breasts and crouch. Mara became dirty and looked very much like a worn traveler except for the annoying collar she still wore about her neck. One night while sitting around camp she drifted off to sleep and sudden awoke to the grabbing of her hair and being pulled upwards, her eyes opening to several bandits, who were more then pleased with their prize. She screamed but it proved worthless as they tossed her to the ground and tore her clothing off, a couple of them dumped wineskins of their wine over her body washing off the dirt and showing herself to them in her full glory, he curled up and whimpered.

"She be a prize there men, I say we take her, I'm sure there's enough of her to go around" 

There was a large chuckle from the group of men, about five in all, she went to get a good look at them when she was grasped by her throat and lifted up off the ground.

"Mmm me likey does girlie talk much? No good " Standing there holding her up with one hand was the largest man she had ever seen standing about eight feet tall and very fat and muscular at the same time the man was huge, grinning he sat down and undid he clasp and dropped his pants, his now large cock was in view, standing around thirteen inches long and with a girth of five inches, he grasped her by the hips and pulled her down shoving half of his monstrous cock into her cunt, causing her to scream out in pain, as the monster cock stretched her more then she had ever felt before, grabbing her arms he held her so she hung forward in the air and pulled her back on him, pushing himself the rest of the way in. Tears came to Mara's eyes as she cried out in agony which seemed to amuse the men only more. 

She felt as if she was going to split into two, then felt the slight relief of him pulling out to slam back into her, soon building the speed up and rocking her back and forth on his cock, slamming it in and out of her. Her cries of pain and pleasure were soon stifled as one of the other bandits walked up and grabbed her head and shoved it onto her cock making her suck him, figuring it might be best to speed this up she began to use her training as a daughter of the rose and began sucking hard on him, trying to quickly get him off, and squeezing her stomach muscles trying to make herself feel tighter which worked getting louder grunts from the man behind her. She became a rag doll being rocked back and forth sucking and fucking these two bandits, causing her to cry out in pleasure despite her minds wishes three times in the time they raped her body. After a good forty five minutes the two men finally gave out and came within her and dropped her body to the ground, panting and covered in a layer of sweat she panted and was too weak and sore to move, the bandits tossed her some food and something to drink and left her be at her spot for the night.

Come morning was a different story; she was rudely awakened and forced into an ice-cold pond to clean her off. The bandits decided to remove her collar due to it being too noticeable and gave her a mans tunic to cover her body some as they trekked through the forest, tying her hands up with rope and dragging her along, she felt worse then a slave now, before she at least had some comfort in her trials. After a days long trek they came to a stop her feet sore she sat down for awhile, till one of the bandits who hadn't taken her the night before walked over and ordered her to suck him off, she did what she was told and soon was pumping his cock with her hand and sucking him into her mouth and deep throating him, feeling his rock hard cock slide down her mouth, he moaned in pleasure as he watched her suck him off, her tongue doing wonders to his cock. 

One of the other bandits from the other night then decided to join in, he laid down on the ground and lowered her down onto his cock, sliding it into her bruised and sore pussy, fighting the urge to cry out in pain she took the abuse slowly riding his cock up and down as she sucked off the cock in her mouth. What came next was expected as the third bandit moved over and signaled to the bandit under her, who then slide out of her and let the other one take his place, her eyes widened as this man was a bit bigger then one before him and began to ride him a bit quicker as she felt herself building to the first climax, she was getting to the edge of her climax when she felt the cock of the bandit who had pulled out slide into her ass, causing her to cry out into the cock in her mouth as she came. 

She wasn't about to admit it but she loved double penetration more then anything else and was soon moaning in pure ecstasy as she rocked back and forth on the cocks in her pussy and ass, she sucked joyously on the cock in her mouth till he pulled out and came all over her face and chest, he licked her lips and was forced onto the man she had sucked the night before and began blowing him, with renewed enthusiasm. She was quickly becoming these bandits wanton slut. Her hands sliding to her sides to jack off the two waiting cocks, her hands caressing them as she felt the men behind her take control fucking her fast and hard, not using any rhythm. 

Mara came again and again as the cock deep in her cunt began cumming into her, he pulled out reluctantly and let the man who fucked her cunt the night before take his place, she cried out loudly, hollering, the cock falling out of her mouth as she felt her self impaled on the monster of a cock over and over again, the man in her ass came deep inside her hindquarters as well and traded places with the cock in her mouth. The night carried out in utter moans and grunts as she was made into their toy. She wasn't sure when it happened but she eventually passed out from exhaustion.

Morning came late as the light fell upon her nude body, and now wrapped body, she blinked as she found herself in several blankets and inside a tent, she found she had been washed up as well. She peeked out the tent and looked around and sighed in relief, the bandits were gone. Why were they gone is the question now that hit her mind.

"How are you feeling m'lady?" She spun her head to see a handsome youth probably about sixteen in age, and human, his hair was a light brown and he had the gentlest blue eyes she had ever seen.

"Better. I guess, what happened?"

The boy smiled, "I came across the bandits camp last night close to dawn this morning and found you, I quickly got you away from the rest of them before capturing them and having the local magistrate lock them up, by the way my names Hawk, what might yours be?"

She suddenly gasped, the young man's name and appearance shocked her memory as she suddenly jumped upon him and wrapped her arms around his neck and cried hard. "Hawk its me, Mara from the Deliverance"

Hawks's arms wrapped around her and held her close and held her in his arms. "I remember Mara, you were the closest friend I ever had." Hawk kissed her cheek. "Your free now"

Freedom, that was truly the sweetest words she had ever heard in her life. She held onto hawk for dear life, she wouldn't let him go no one could part them now.

In the days that followed Mara and Hawk became even closer, the two went from friends to lovers, and with the years the two eventually married and had children together. Fortunately Hawk was able to appease her sexual appetite which was something he never complained about.