 Author's note - 

Hi everyone. It took me a little longer to get this next chapter out to you because the first three were done as one big project when I had some off days. The time gap between stories will probably be around a week to two weeks from here on out, life being busy as it is bound to be. I really, really appreciated all the feedback and support on the previous chapters. I just wanted to let everyone who posted comments to know that I do indeed read all of them, and take them under advisement, however I want to remind everyone that this will be a very long series, probably more than 20 chapters. So keep in mind that character development is still in the early stages. 

As always I welcome all comments, suggestions, support, and criticisms. Constructive feedback is a great asset to my writing, and I keep each bit in mind, even if I don't necessarily agree with it.

******

"Marrrrcus... Marrrrcuuuusss..." Chloe's soft voice interrupted Marcus's comfortable sleep.

It was Marcus's habit to sleep in the first day back from a campaign. Some days he would sleep as late as ten o' clock. The practice of waking up at dawn that had been ingrained in them at the war college persisted while he was away fighting with the legion, but when he first came home he reveled in the small comfort of being able to sleep in as long as he wanted. Evidently the matriarchs of the forum had other ideas.

"Marcus?"

"Mmmphhh... What Chloe?"

"Well I've been looking around the kitchen and there is absolutely no food left. What are we going to eat for breakfast?"

"Why are you so concerned about breakfast already Chloe? It can't be much later than six."

Marcus's face was still pressed into the pillow, his body splayed out on his stomach with one arm hanging off the bed. He was confused as to how he got there, as he had fallen asleep on the opposite side of the bed. An explanation not immediately apparent he lifted himself up on his elbows, and began looking quizzically at the position of the bedsheets. Guessing his unspoken question, Chloe answered it before he had a chance to ask.

"You started to squash me this morning when you rolled over. That was at about five I think. At first it was nice, but after a couple minutes I couldn't breath so I just slipped out from under you and got out of bed. Then I was wide awake, so I thought I'd look for something for us to eat for breakfast."

"Mph," Marcus said sleepily, in an attempt to convey comprehension. Instead of a coherent response, what came out was a low pitched sigh that sounded mildly irritated.

"If you're still tired you can go back to sleep, I just thought you might be hungry after the... fun we had last night." Chloe said, grinning slightly as she recalled their late night romp between the sheets.

"Nooooo. I guess I'm not tired... anymore." Marcus said pointedly with a chuckle, as he rolled over and sat up with his feet on the floor.

"Uh oh..." Chloe's soft laugh confused Marcus again, his brain not completely awake.

He followed her eyes down to where they were directed at his throbbing morning wood, tenting his briefs aggressively. Hastily he covered his lap with a sheet.

"Ummm sorry about that." He mumbled as he tried desperately to think away his morning wood. 

His efforts were soon made pointless, as his eyes were now at the level of Chloe's ample chest. She was still wearing his cotton shirt that he had given her, leaving the top buttons undone. Only the lowest part of her breasts and her nipples were still hidden. As he watched her breathe, her breasts swelled outwards slightly. Trailing his eyes up her chest and face to her eyes, he took note of her single eyebrow cocked raised roguishly.

"You're not hungry are you Marcus." Chloe said plainly.

"No, I can't really say that I am." Marcus responded watching her eyes as her chest began to heave more insistently.

"Well then, did you do that Marcus?" She asked flirtatiously as she ripped the sheet off his lap.

"Well I had a little... you know... problem"

"Yes I can see that Marcus, I want to know why you were trying to hide it from me."

"I wasn't!" Marcus chided himself as he heard his tone. He sounded like a child under her playful questioning.

This was definitely not how Marcus had expected the morning to go. He had though they would wake up gradually, with some cuddling perhaps, then get out of bed and get ready for the day. What he got instead was a rude awakening at dawn, and asked flirtatious questions about the state of his dick that his sleep befuddled mind was not prepared to answer. Collecting his thoughts quickly, Marcus accepted that his expectations were not becoming reality, and it was time to go on the offensive and turn the tables on her.

Rising quickly to his feet he seized Chloe by the waist, kissing her roughly. Expecting that she would be disgusted by his morning breath, Marcus was surprised when she responded with equal passion. Taking a moment away from her lips Marcus reached down grabbed the front of the shirt she wore, balling each side into one of his hands.

"This needs to come off." He said darkly, watching her eyes carefully for any hesitation at his rough approach.

"Okay." She answered breathily.

As she spoke she reached down to start unbuttoning the shirt, but Marcus beat her to it. His hands still grasping at either side of the front he ripped his arms apart aggressively, the buttons flying off as the shirt flew open.

"Marcus! That was my new favorite shirt!" Chloe gasped, her eyes betraying her excitement.

"I'll let you have another one of mine." 

As he finished speaking he began ripping the shirt again. The cotton, already weak from age and his previous ripping, fell to shreds under Marcus's strong hands. As he tore the shirt from her, Marcus heard Chloe panting with excitement. Deciding to air towards the melodramatic and continue his display she enjoyed so much, he tore the shirt more than was strictly necessary, until finally it lay as a heap of rags on the floor, leaving Chloe standing naked in front of him.

"Much better." Marcus said with a dark smile.

Chloe was shaking visibly, but not from fear. Her chest heaved and she had brought her arms up unconsciously to cup her breasts. Her eyes however were locked with his, dark with passion, as if daring him to go further.

Taking her in his arms again he wrapped one arm around her waist to hold her firmly against him. With his other he snaked his hand up the back of her neck and into her hair, clenching it firmly just above her scalp. Bending her head slightly so that her eyes met his he saw that his controlling demeanor had a much more positive effect on her than he had anticipated. With her arms trapped against his body and her head immobilized by his grip on her hair she had difficulty moving, squirming pathetically in his arms. Her lips reached for his, desperate to kiss him, her eyes wide open with a silent pleas.

"Let's go take a shower so I can wash this beautiful body of yours" Marcus said quietly.

As he spoke he released the hand that had been holding her hair. As soon as he did her head lurched forward to kiss him furiously. Momentarily distracted he soon remembered why he needed his other hand: His erection was trapped firmly between their stomachs, and he intended to make good use of it.

Reaching his hand between their bodies, still locked in a frantic kiss, he pulled his cock to the side and rotated it downwards until it was nearly touching her groin. Bending his knees slightly he corrected for the height difference and fed his raging boner into the crease created by her thighs and pussy. 

Marcus expected some friction, as he didn't figure that she would be excited enough to be wet. Instead his cock slipped right into the crease, lubricated by Chloe's dripping pussy. It was soaking, with juices already running down the inside of her thighs. Marcus reasoned that Chloe must enjoy being taken roughly. This revelation surprised him, but he wasn't about to complain. Thrusting back and forth so that his dick rubbed against the lips of her pussy and her sensitive clit, Marcus continued to tease her.

"Ohhhh... Ok. Yes. Mhm. Shower." Chloe said shuddering under Marcus's attentions.

She turned quickly, his arms, no longer tightly gripping her, could not contain her. She looked back at him devilishly, as if delighted by her small victory. Her soft ass, jiggling seductively, was a target he could not ignore. Reaching out swiftly he slapped at her ass with just enough force to make a loud crack, but not so much as to hurt.

Yelping as she skittered into the bathroom with him close on her heels she whirled on him.

"You'll pay for that one mister."

"No, I don't think I will." Marcus said casually as his hand quickly found her wet pussy, stroking her clit in wide, slow circles.

"Marcus, I thought we were going to take a shower." Chloe said in a slow, measured tone. Desperately trying to keep her voice steady.

"Oh we are, I just thought I'd get you warmed up." He chuckled darkly as he turned on the shower head.

Stepping into the warm shower he pulled Chloe with him. Keeping on hand on her pussy as she stepped in with him, he began making more insistent circles over her now swollen clit. The warm water that now cascaded down on them served as additional lubrication, Marcus's hand bringing her closer and closer to her orgasm with every stroke. Just as he felt that she was about to cum, Marcus abruptly removed his hand.

"Nooooo! Marcus what are you doing?"

"Trying something new Chloe" He answered calmly.

"What do you- Hohhh." As she began to question him he thrust his index and ring fingers up into her pussy, cutting her voice off abruptly, her question ending in a strangled gust of air.

Thrusting his fingers in and out of her pussy, which was now clenching onto his fingers, he began to feel her orgasm returning. Soon her soft moans and whimpers that had been muffled in his shoulder were silenced. Marcus, remembering the previous night, took this to mean her orgasm was beginning.

Sure enough, seconds later her body was wracked with convulsions as her orgasm boiled over. Shaking against him, she was unsteady on her feet as she gasped and moaned her way through a massive orgasm. She shook so hard that he was forced to hold her up, lest she slip on the shower's slick tiled floor. Finally the last of her shudders subsided and she clung to Marcus, kissing his neck softly as water continued to slide down their bodies.

"There's something else I've been curious about Chloe."

"Oh Marcus, if it's anything like your last curiosity, I don't think I can handle it for a bit."

"Wanna bet?" He replied grinning at her with the same devilish expression she had used earlier.

"Wait Marcus what are you..." 

Easing himself onto his knees, he kissed his way down her stomach while she squirmed anxiously. Finally reaching her pussy, he maneuvered her so that her back was to the water ensuring he wouldn't choke during what he had planned. Advancing his head slowly towards her pussy, wet with water and her juices, he let his lips close around her clit in a soft kiss.

"Ohhh Marcus that's so nice." Chloe gasped as her body began thrusting against his mouth, which was still kissing her clit.

Marcus decided to see what effect sucking her clit gently into his mouth would have. It was instantaneous. As he sucked the small bud into his mouth her body doubled over, her breasts nearly touching his head. Using his tongue to trace around the swollen bud now trapped between his lips, he started experimenting more boldly. Her knees began to shake and her gasps turned into echoing moans. Deciding to hold nothing back he let her clit slip from his lips, instead spearing his tongue into her wet opening and dragging it slowly upwards to tease her clit.

Chloe's moans took on an even more ragged quality than they had before, as her body shivered and shook from the sensations. Fearing that her legs might give out under his repeated attacks on her pussy, he quickly slipped one of her knees over his shoulder for added support. No longer afraid that she might fall, Marcus was free to redouble his efforts on her pussy, licking and sucking at her sensitive clit with renewed vigor.

"Marcus keep going! I'm almost there... Oh my God, your tongue feels sooooooo good!"

Soon Chloe was screaming her way through another orgasm, her legs shaking so hard she would have fallen if not for the support of Marcus's shoulder. As her orgasm began to dissipate, and her violent shaking was reduced to occasional quivers, Marcus let her leg drop from his shoulder. Standing up and holding her in his arms, he kissed her forehead softly as she continued to shiver, panting in an effort to get her breath back.

Tilting her head back she met his eyes with her own, heavy lidded from her passionate exertions. Kissing him deeply, she pushed her tongue into his mouth, exploring his with unbridled lust.

"This was not how I had planned our morning to go..." She said thoughtfully as she broke their kiss.

"Were you planning on seducing me this morning and having your way with me?" Marcus asked jokingly.

"Maybe..." Chloe answered, smiling up at him, now fully recovered from her powerful orgasms. "I thought I might see how you liked it when I used my mouth on you, but I guess you beat me to it." She finished with mock anger, thumping a fist lightly against his chest.

"As fun as that sounds Chloe, we've been in here so long the water is getting cold, and we still have yet to do anything resembling washing."

"Let's not waste time then." Chloe answered, grabbing the bar of soap that sat in a holder on the wall.

Stepping out of the now lukewarm stream of water, she began soaping up her body seductively. Giving special attention to her breasts, she made sure that her entire front was covered in suds, looking darkly at Marcus the whole time.

Marcus, who was watching the display with avid focus, felt his cock growing hard again. It had become slightly limp while he was going down on Chloe, so intense was his focus. Hard as a rod once again, his cock was standing high at an aggressive angle, twitching with the beat of his heart. Chloe looked at it hungrily, then back at Marcus's eyes. Moving towards him she spoke quietly.

"Hold your hands behind your back Marcus."

"Why?" He asked curiously. He was unused to being ordered around by a woman, but he might consider complying if she had something interesting planned.

"Just do it Marcus." She responded with a hint of irritation, her eyes glinting sharply.

Not wanting to derail the sexually charged atmosphere that permeated the shower, Marcus shut his mouth quickly and grinned apologetically. Moving his hands behind his back, he clasped them hard, flexing his muscles for her and puffing out his chest proudly.

"Alright Mr. Muscles," she said sarcastically, "come over here so you don't wash all the suds away."

When Marcus closed the gap between them she quickly put both hands on him, soaping up the hard muscles of his chest and shoulders. Continuing her attentions, she began to rub her body teasingly against his, her breasts and stomach now slick with soap. His dick twitched with excitement between them, covered in suds from her gyrating stomach.

Reaching her hand down she began to tease his cock. Stroking with both hands, she twisted each in the opposite direction of the other as she jerked him off. Unable to contain his excitement, Marcus unclenched his hands from behind his back and began to rub her slippery breasts. In their slick condition he was unable to feel their silken softness, but it made very little difference to Marcus as he worked at her breasts, starting at the base and gently pulling on them so they slipped through his hands where he pinched her nipples softly.

"Marcus, if you don't stop that I'm going to get too excited to follow through with what I had planned for you." She gasped warningly.

"Well then, why don't you show me what you had in mind, because I love playing with them so much I don't think I can stop."

Turning him gently into the now icy water of the shower head, Chloe washed the suds from his chest and dick. Turning him back around to face her she sunk down to her knees in front of him. Tying a quick knot in her hair to hold it behind her, she grabbed Marcus's dick, lazily dragging her tongue all the way up the underside of his dick, from his balls to his head.

"Mmmmm Chloe that feels good."

"We haven't even gotten to the good part yet Marcus." Chloe responded, taking a break from dragging her tongue in circles around the shaft of his dick.

"What good- Ohhhhh" Marcus's voice was cut off abruptly by a gasp as Chloe took is dick between her lips, sinking him deeply into her mouth, teasing his shaft with her tongue while her lips sucked gently from all sides.

Marcus had never considered his dick to be overly large. Surely it wasn't more than seven inches when fully erect, but now it appeared massive. Chloe's lips left the last three inches nearest to the base untouched. Catching his eye she continued to suck enthusiastically on his cock, using her tongue to tease the underside, while one hand massaged what she couldn't reach with her lips. Locking eyes with her, he gaped open-mouthed at her as she continued the blow job for several minutes. Finally pulling her away from him by the hair he gasped for air as Chloe pouted softly and continued to jerk him off with her hand.

"Why did you do that Marcus?" She asked innocently, her eyes betraying her secret elation at driving him to the brink.

"I did it because if you don't stop soon, I'm going to come in your mouth." Marcus huffed, desperately trying to regain his control.

"But Marcus we aren't even to the good part yet!" 

"Isn't this was the good part Chloe?" Marcus asked, his voice ragged as his cock twitched in her hand.

"Nope" She answered simply.

Jerking her hair free of Marcus's grasp she quickly took his cock in her mouth again and drove it down as deeply as she could. When she hit the entrance to her throat, Marcus thought she would go no further.

He was wrong.

Opening her throat and swallowing the remaining several inches completely, his entire cock was now enveloped by her mouth and throat. Moaning from the new sensation of tight wetness all around his cock, Marcus felt Chloe moving his dick carefully in and out of her throat. 

"Oh my God Chloe, you're gonna make me come." Marcus moaned after several seconds of delicious torment.

Pulling him from her throat Chloe gasped: "Do it Marcus." 

Thrusting him back into her mouth and swallowing him down her throat she did not move, but merely sat with her nose in his pubic hair. All the while tonging the underside of his shaft and working the muscles of her throat, as if trying to milk the cum out of him. Only seconds later Marcus began to cry out from the sensations as his orgasm hit him. He jerked several times, his cum disappearing down Chloe's throat, before finally he relaxed, his cock starting to go limp. With a slurping pop Chloe released his cock from her throat, taking a huge gasp of air.

"There you see? I told you it would be fun. Not to mention that we didn't even get dirty again." Chloe said teasingly, her eyes glistening with tears from the exertion. 

"Didn't it hurt though Chloe?" Marcus asked, realizing that he had never thought to ask if it hurt her to take him in her throat.

"Oh no, not at all, I learned how at the forum." She said, enigmatically.

"Well, it was amazing, wherever you learned it. If you're a good girl today maybe I'll let you do it again." Marcus responded, his tone patronizing and sarcastic.

Immediately her eyes closed to slits as she glared at him. Still on her knees at his feet she took his now flaccid dick in one hand and closed her lips gently around the head, still glaring at him.
