 Author's Note – 

Greetings everyone! I hope you enjoy this next chapter after the cliffhanger I left off with. If you have been following along with the Marcus of Duros series you'll know what I'm talking about. 

If you have not read any of the previous six chapters I would recommend going back and reading them before reading this one. Since we are so far into the series there will definitely be some confusion and spoilers if you start the series with chapter seven.

As always, I appreciate the support and advice that comes in the form of votes, comments, emails, and suggestions. They are invaluable when I'm writing, and I try to keep each piece of feedback in mind throughout the process.

Happy reading,

Hawkeye

******

Marcus woke with a start as the moist ocean breeze brushed his cheek. Looking over to the window he saw that it had been thrown open; the curtains fluttering in the wind. 

Looking down he saw the soft sheets his bed. He didn't remember how he had gotten there, but someone had dressed him in soft cotton pajamas, something he certainly would not have dressed himself in. Pulling himself up from where he had been reclined against the headboard by a small mountain of pillows, he gasped in pain. 

Looking down at his chest he could feel an uncomfortable tightness. Pulling his arm out from under the covers he unbuttoned the top of his shirt, revealing two ugly wounds stitched together neatly with sutures. 

With a jolt all of the events of the previous day came back to him; walking to the War College with the other commanders, stepping into the ring, the horrific pain of a sword biting into his flesh... 

Reaching a hand up, he felt his right eye in a panic. He remembered being hit there and not being able to see afterwards. Right now he thought he could see fine, but was his mind playing tricks on him? Were they unable to save his eye? With relief he found his eye intact, a line of stitches cutting through his eyebrow and passing over his eye socket and beginning again at his cheekbone and terminating around mid-cheek. 

Finished with his self examination, Marcus fell back against his pillows from his sitting position. Laying quietly, he considering his situation. Suddenly, he realized that Chloe was not in the bed with him.

Where is she?! What am I going to tell her?

Thoughts flew unrestrained through his mind until he was able to calm himself and focus on the situation at hand. 

Chloe isn't here. First I need to know where she is, then I can explain everything to her. Wait... why am I alone? Evidently the infirmary stitched me up, but if it were someone else I would have stayed with them until they woke up...

His question was answered in the form of Valentina who came walking through the bedroom door. 

"Well, good morning, Marcus." Valentina said with relief. "Just when we thought you were never going to wake up..."

Marcus managed nothing more than a grunt; his mouth was dry, and his lips were cracked. His voice caught in his throat as he tried to greet her. Shrugging apologetically at her, he raised his eyebrows significantly, wincing as the motion strained the stitches in his split eyebrow. Clucking at him as a mother would, she moved over to the dresser where a pitcher of water stood. Pouring a splash into the glass that stood on the nightstand next to him she leaned over and helped him sit up again. 

"I imagine your fairly thirsty, Marcus, but the physicians said not to drink too much when you woke up, just enough to keep you wet. All those days on a liquid diet made your stomach weak; drink too much and you'll throw it back up."

"What do you mean 'all those days,' Valentina? And where's Chloe?" Marcus asked, his throat no longer bone-dry.

"I am referring to the ten days you've been in and out of consciousness. The execution was on the 19th, today's the 29th."

Marcus inhaled in surprise and choked on the water he had been sipping. 

"What do you mean ten days? I couldn't possibly have slept for so long!"

"Yes, you could have, and did. But not exactly. You woke up every two days or so, just long enough for us to get you to choke down some protein concoction the physician prepared and spout gibberish for a couple of minutes before falling asleep again. The physician said it was because you had lost so much blood. It was a lot, but according the Infirmary administration it wasn't worth compromising the stock at the blood bank in the infirmary. You're a very rare blood type, did you know that?"

"Yes I did..." Marcus said, absentmindedly.

He was turning this new information over in his mind. Ten days? That's a very long time, no wonder I'm so hungry. Wait, Valentina didn't say anything about Chloe.

"Valentina, where is Chloe? I want to see her, I have to explain-"

"You'll see her soon enough."

"Well then, where is she?" 

"She's at our house with Anastasi and the children. She was here for six days straight. Hardly slept at all; she worried herself sick running around the house, pestering the physicians about when you would wake up. The others and I had been coming over during the day to help, but Chloe finally wore herself to a frazzle and nearly passed out herself. Anastasi took her to our house a couple days ago to get some sleep and play with the kids. She needed some distraction; she couldn't possibly relax here with you being delirious whenever you woke up. She was so tired she managed to convince herself you would be like that permanently."

"Oh..." Marcus said quietly, saddened by the amount of hardship he had caused Chloe. 

"Wasn't all your fault, Marcus. Don't go beating yourself up about it. She was just worried that's all. Dorthea, Sophia and I were worried too, of course, but we've seen you idiots get cut up before, so we were better off. It's just that she's new to this and she hasn't seen it before. She sure got a crash-course these last few days though." Valentina chucked to herself darkly.

"When will she come back? What if I pass out again?" 

"You won't. Your physician said that once you woke up and started making sense you wouldn't lose consciousness again. He said to come get him at the infirmary and he would come by to check on you, then we can start feeding you real food if he says so. Your men have been extremely supportive as well, especially Lieutenant Paxton. He insisted that there be two legionnaires posted outside the door at all times. I think it was more a gesture of support than anything, since you obviously aren't in any danger. They've been going to fetch groceries and running messages for us while you've been sick. Hold on a minute."

Chloe hurried out quickly, returning in a few seconds with a fresh pitcher of water.

"What have my captains been doing?" Marcus asked. Clearly their wives had been tending to his needs, but she hadn't mentioned them at all.

"Well, Jarrod has been very busy filling your shoes since there is a lot of business at the Barracks to see too, what with the battalion going on campaign in a few weeks. Anastasi has been helping us here from time to time, but mostly he's been with the kids at home. Krieger has been seeing to the campaign logistics, and helping Jarrod at the barracks. And Philips has been talking to the physicians and the Infirmary about your care. Oh, and I sent the two boys at the door to go get the physicians and Chloe, so they'll be here before too long."

"Did I miss anything important while I was asleep?" 

"Well let's see... a couple of your lieutenants got married, Paxton included."

"Oh really?" Marcus said, his interest piqued.

"Mhm, I told him he should come by to introduce her to you after you're up and mobile again. He wouldn't ask to come by though; I suspect he thinks that would be improper." 

"Of course he can come by. I would have told him to if you hadn't. They're just so strict at the War College, and he's fairly young. Hasn't had much time to adjust. I admit that I am a little surprised that he listened to you; I would have expected him to look for one of the captains' permission. No offense to you, obviously, Valentina."

"None taken, but you're being foolish, Marcus. Of course your men listen to me. Didn't you ever meet one of your captain's wives when you were a younger man?"

"Well... yes of course I did, many times."

"Well, would you have disobeyed a request from them, knowing who they were married to?"

"No, of course not. I just thought..."

"That men should never listen to the advice, orders, suggestions, et cetera, of women, right?"

Marcus said nothing. He could tell he had gotten Valentina more than a little irritated. Her voice was slightly louder, and as she was talking her hands were moving animatedly. He couldn't remember her ever speaking so frankly to him. While it was a little shocking, he appreciated the honesty.

"Anyway," Valentina finished, "I just want you to understand that there is a great difference in how much power you think women have in this state, and how much power they actually have."

"How do you mean?" Marcus asked, curious now.

"Well, I suppose the most glaringly obvious to me is how the marriages work. Jarrod has never been married because of his hang-ups with the institution in Duros and how marriages are conducted. It's true women can't refuse a marriage, but we manage to get along most of the time, it's not really all that bad. Besides it's better than hanging around the Forum for years and becoming a matriarch. I don't think I can imagine anything more boring than being stuck in there for as long as some of the old women there have been."

"What about the penal code..." Marcus asked, casually.

"You mean the part where there is no provision for men who abuse their wives?" Valentina asked, chuckling.

"What's so funny?" Marcus asked, genuinely confused. 

"Okay, Marcus. Yes. It is technically legal for a husband to abuse his wife. And the man you executed that day did beat his wife to death. But in actuality, how often do you think it happens, really? Do you think Anastasi would ever hurt me?"

"No, of course not!" Marcus answered, shocked by her insinuation.

"And do you think Krieger hits Dorthea?"

"No..."

"Philips?" 

"No." Marcus answered, soberly.

"And what about Jarrod? Do you imagine that he would ever hit a woman?"

"No!" 

"Then why do you think other men in other battalions are any different?"

"Well, I just assumed that the...uh... connection that Chloe and I, and you and Anastasi had was..."

"Was what, Marcus? Special? Sure, Anastasi and I love each other very much. I can see that you and Chloe love each other much in the same way. Philips and Sophia, and Krieger and Dorthea are a bit different. I think they might be a little less crazy about each other, but they still love each other, and they are still extremely loyal and devoted to each other. So let me ask you, out of all the men you know and talk to and hear about in the Barracks, how many of them do you know, without any doubt or speculation, abuse their wives?"

"I can't think of any names of the top of my head." Marcus said, resignedly. 

"That's right. You can't, because there aren't nearly as many as you think." Valentina said smugly.

"Well, wait, one name comes to mind. What about that sergeant a few years back? I forget what battalion he was with, but he beat his wife. He would bring her out in public and she would be all bruised up. He died not too long after he married her though, if I recall correctly..." Marcus trailed of, pensively.

"What did he die of, Marcus, do you remember?" Valentina asked, although she clearly knew the answer.

"Food poisoning, wasn't it?"

"And how many fit, young men die of food poisoning in Duros, on an average year, do you think?"

"He was the only one that year..." 

"Mhm. And do you think it's a coincidence that he had been completely healthy, and then married a woman, started beating her, and then suddenly died of food poisoning?" 

As Valentina posed the question she put special emphasis on the last two words, raising her eyebrows at him slightly.

"You're saying he didn't die from food poisoning?"

"Well, certainly the food killed him... you may draw your own conclusions..." Valentina trailed off, her lips a grim line. "Sometimes, horrible situations have a way of working themselves out."

Marcus sat in bed, stunned by Valentina's suggestion. It couldn't be true that abused wives killed their husbands.

"Chloe never told me-"

"Chloe?" Valentina cut in with a laugh. "Chloe only just left the Forum, did you really think she would know how society truly functions with just a few days out in the real world? Listen Marcus, I'm just trying to show you that what the letter of the law says, what your teachers at the War College told you, and what the matriarchs at the Forum told us, does not always reflect the reality of the situation."

Marcus had nothing further to say. Her assertions had stunned him. Perhaps the information would not have been so surprising had it come from a different source. He had never spoken to Valentina seriously about political or social issues, and was therefore stunned that she had such vast knowledge of the real workings of society.

Perhaps the most shocking revelation for Marcus was how the average Durosian seemed to be going through life in a haze. Told one thing by the government, but living a completely different reality in everyday life. 

 wonder what else she knows... Marcus thought to himself as he contemplated Valentina's words.

Marcus didn't have long to reflect. Just then there was a huge bang as the front door opened; the door handle ricocheting back off the wall. 

"Marcus? Marcus are you awake!?" Chloe shouted as she ran into their bedroom.

"Seems that way." Marcus said as he smiled weakly.

The relief on Chloe's face was evident, but that wasn't all that was written there. Her eyes had tired bags under them; her face looked pale and gaunt. Her hair was done up in an elaborate twist that hung down to one side, and her clothing was immaculate as always, but on the whole she looked slightly unhealthy, certainly much different from when Marcus had last seen her. She looked as if she had lost a little weight; her complexion no longer glowed as Marcus remembered.

As Marcus watched her, Chloe sat down beside him, beaming with happiness. Taking his right hand in both of hers, she held it tightly and heaved a massive sigh of relief. 

"Are you back with us for good this time, Marcus?" She asked critically.

"Yes I think so, although I don't remember waking up before now. I can only remember waking up a little while ago. How many times did I wake up before?" 

"I can't remember, at least once every couple days or so, never for very long though." Chloe said, sadly.

"Chloe?" 

Marcus took his hand out of Chloe's and stroked her cheek. Catching his hand with hers again, she pressed her cheek firmly into his palm as he looked at her. 

He was relieved to see her. She wasn't looking particularly well, but then again, he thought he probably looked worse.

"Well sweetheart, what's the damage? Not too bad I hope." Marcus said, indicating his cut face. 

"It's not that bad, Marcus. Besides, I'm sure it will turn into a very manly scar." Chloe said, teasing him gently.

"I suppose it will. How have you been Chloe? Valentina told me I was in and out for quite a while."

"Oh yes, you were." Chloe said disconsolately. "Each time you woke up I thought you were waking up for good, but you always drifted off again. Even when you were awake you didn't make any sense. You were speaking gibberish and you didn't recognize anyone who tried to talk to you. Even me..." Chloe finished, trailing off as the pain of the memories started to overwhelm her.

Marcus looked over to see Valentina walking out the bedroom door and closing it softly behind her. Through the thick wood of the door he could hear her arguing with someone behind it.

"Mrs. Anatoli, I must see the Commander! The Lords asked me personally to make an evaluation of him and report back to them. They need to know if he is fit for duty."

"You can wait for a moment Master Rallick. He has just now woken and is speaking with his wife." Valentina said, calmly.

"That is absolutely unacceptable madam. I will speak to the Commander at once. You would not stop me from executing my duties as their Lordships have demanded."

"I will not stop you Master Rallick, I am only acting in your best interests."

"What do you mean madam?"

"I suspect that Commander Crassus is quite tired, and would like to confer with his wife before he receives you; he has been unconscious for quite some time now, as you well know. His temper may be slightly frazzled and I am sure that he will not take kindly to being rudely interrupted. So, which would you prefer Master Rallick? Delay your report by ten minutes, or incur the irritation of their Lordships' favorite commander?"

Marcus heard some indistinguishable grumblings from the stranger as he grudgingly assented to the delay.

"Come into the sitting room Master, I imagine it was a long walk from the Infirmary on such a warm day. Let me get you some refreshment while we wait for the Commander." Valentina said, her voice fading as she led the stranger into the living area."

"She's been wonderful." Chloe said from his side, pulling Marcus' attention back to her.

Chloe was looking at him and smiling tiredly. The bags under her eyes were accompanied by damp spots; remnants of tears that had begun to spill as Valentina left. 

"She's been doing things like that all week, taking care of everything, making sure that we weren't bothered by too many officials and visitors. She stood up for us when I couldn't. It's all just been so much, Marcus. I got a little overwhelmed by it all. I mean, you were injured and sick, and I was trying to take care of you, but I couldn't do it alone. Then, the day after you were injured, people started to come and bother us, mostly people from the infirmary trying to see if they could report to the Lords yet, like that man is doing outside."

"Why are the Lords so concerned?" Marcus asked, curious why they were showing so much interest. In the past they had never seemed to care a great deal about injured officers, even commanders. 

"Jarrod probably knows, I have no idea though. I haven't seen much of him. He's been speaking with them and trying to run the battalion on his own since you've been ill. He will probably come by later today." 

Just then a quiet knock at the door interrupted their conversation. A small, wiry old man quietly edged his way into the room. 

He was dressed in the garb of a physician, a uniform similar to that of the Legion, but instead of the typically Legionary Black, the uniform was a royal blue color to indicate his civilian status. A red cross embossed upon a white background decorated both sleeves above the bicep; indicating his station as a member of the Infirmary. Only civilian police or guard forces were allowed to retain their shoulder cords indicating their achievements after retirement, as such the physician's shoulders were bare of any sort of decoration.

"Good day, Commander Crassus. I am Master Chilgo, the physician that's been handling your care." The man whispered quietly.

"Good day, Master Chilgo." Marcus answered in the same hushed voice. "Why are you whispering?"

"I must admit that Mrs. Anatoli snuck me in behind the back of the other physician in the living room. He's not your physician, just a bureaucrat from the Infirmary coming to see if he could get in to see you. The Grand Master of the Infirmary is very eager to report your good health to the Lords. They were quite upset to hear that you had taken ill after the unfortunate incident with the blood transfusion."
