 Chapter one. Maria turns into a busty hucow

Maria von Silverholm belonged to a rich and powerful noble family living in the city of silverholm.

She helped her father rule the city and was well liked. Maria was known in the land for being very beautiful and talented, but she was also known for being a bit vain and girly. She was a slim, tall, blond woman with a perfect face and a great ass. She was flat chested, but fate would soon change that.

She was stubborn and a bit spoiled used to getting things her way. Her young life had seen only twenty winters. Of course, she constantly had many suitors, but she rejected them all.

She even rejected a marriage proposal from a young and handsome prince who traveled for months from a foreign kingdom. Why? Maria was in love with a local peasant, a lowly farmer by the name of Ulf who had a small secluded dairy farm outside the city walls.

Silverholm was a large city in the kingdom and Maria's family ruled over it since the King could not micro-manage every city. Maria's Nobel family had always been rich, powerful and loyal to the crown. The city was beautiful, with many gardens, fountains, tall church towers and high city walls.

Outside the walls lay large tracks of farmland were some peasants of the kingdom grew wheat and barely, while others kept cows and goats. Maria enjoyed taking long rides in the countryside to inspect the farms and windmills from horseback.

Maria especially liked to look at cows. They always seemed so peaceful, calm and docile to her. The cows seem like they had figured out the hidden meaning of life and had found happiness.

The cow life seems so easy and carefree. No stress. In their big, kind cow eyes Maria saw a spark of wisdom. Maria often wondered if she would have been happier if she was a cow. Although Maria was beautiful, rich and powerful, she had to admit that she was not at peace like the cows seemed to be.

How did she meet Ulf? One sunny day Maria's horse got spooked by a snake as she was riding alone outside the walls to inspect the farms. She fell off the horse and hit her head. Ulf had seen the whole thing from a distance and ran to her side to help her. He took her into his house, patched her up and gave her a bowl of milk.

Maria's firs impression of Ulf was that he was handsome and manly, but also kind and caring. He was tall, confident and strong, but also funny and pleasant to talk to. He had big strong arms and hands, green eyes and hazel hair. She got a good look at his crotch as well and by the looks of it, he seemed to be very well endowed. So she fell in love at first sight and could not forget the man.

It could be called ironic, that the one man Maria wanted was the one man she could not have. Ulf was not taken by another woman, nor was the issue that he was not a noble man.

No, the issue was that Ulf just did not fancy Maria for some reason. That situation was new to Maria. A man that she liked was not interested in her. They talked for hours about everything under the sun. They laughed and smiled and became very friendly.

However, as she talked to him in his house and expressed her interest in him, Ulf told her that he was not interested in her that way. She tried all her usual tricks, she flirted wildly and spoke in her sweetest voice.

She did press him and inquired of him if perhaps he was the type of man who preferred the company of other men, but Ulf answered that that was not the case. He told her that she was "just not his type". He would say no more on that topic and asked her to leave.

So she went home angry and sad after several hours of talking to Ulf. Questions occupied her mind for days and nights after that. How could he reject her? She, who was the most beautiful woman in all of Silverholm? Not his type?

What type of woman was his type? Every night she fingered herself to orgasm thinking of Ulf. In her fantasy, it was her wedding night and she got fucked roughly from behind, speared by Ulf's huge penis.

Maria was a very sexual person who often masturbated, she had strong sexual urges and just could not wait to get married. After one such masturbation session, she finally got an idea to solve her love problem.

About half a day's ride from the city lies a great swamp. In this swamp lives an old witch called Simona the mighty. Maria remembered that this witch had the ability to make love potions and the like. Maybe that old witch could help? She decided to travel to the witch the next day.

She told nobody that she was leaving for the great swamp since her father would never allow it. She brought with her a small chest filled with gold and gems to use as payment. It was dangerous to travel to the swamp for many reasons and it would really require a brave person or a fool to travel there to meet a witch. Love can make people do unwise things.

This witch was well known to sometimes help people, and sometimes turning them into toads with her powerful magic. The ride to the swamp was uneventful and it was getting dark as Maria finally arrived. The swamp was scary and spooky in the daytime and at night it was even worse. As Maria entered the dark swamp she heard weird noises from the creatures in the night.

As she got closer to the hut Maria saw lots of toads, snakes, and frogs. She also saw skulls and bones of men scattered about the swamp. In the trees hung wind chimes and talismans and magical symbols were carved into the bark of the trees. The hut itself was small and had no windows, just a door. Before Maria had a chance to knock on the door, the door opened by itself and the witch told her to step inside.

The witch Simona was not old or ugly as Maria expected. Simona was totally naked, except for some jewelry and a necklace made from the teeth and claws of some fierce swamp creature. Her breasts were large and impressive and he had well-shaped hips.

Her hair was black like a raven. Simona was on her side relaxed with her head supported by one hand. Her brown eyes had a strong confident look about them. As Maria began to tell Simona about her problem the witch interrupted Maria by explaining that she already knew Maria's situation.

"I already know why you are here and what you want. I have been expecting you. Before we start I demand that you remove all your clothing." said Simona with a grin on her face. Maria reluctantly did as she was told and soon stood naked before the young witch.

Maria asked Simona what type of girl Ulf likes. Simona answered that she knew, but would never tell. Maria then asked if Simona could make her a love potion, but Simona told her "No".

Simona explained that she was willing to help, but only on her terms. Simona said "I will turn you into the type of girl that that Ulf likes if you do what I ask of you. And I have no interest in that gold that you carry, rich girl."

Maria then asked what Simona wanted in return. Simona responded, "I want you to lick my ass until I say stop". Maria was in shock, did she hear her right? Was it a joke? Simona gave Maria a serious look. The witch said; "Do that for me or I will do nothing for you. Do it now!"

The witch got up and walked over to Maria. Simona then placed one hand on Maria's shoulder and told her to get down on her knees. Maria did so as she realized that this was the only way she could get what she wanted.

Simona then slowly turned around so that her beautiful curvy ass was in Maria's face. She then leaned forward, bending over slightly and spread her legs apart a bit. Maria was now looking directly at Simona's asshole. The witch began to finger herself as she whispered; "Kiss it, lick it, make out with it"

The witch felt breath on her naked ass cheeks and smiled wickedly. Maria hesitated for a moment but then leaned forward to begin. Simona arched her back as Maria started to lick ass. Simona felt the girl's soft lips and tongue gently kiss and lick her anus.

The gentle licks started to soften up her anus and made it looser. Maria then pushed her tongue inside Simona's ass and started to "make out" with her ass. The taste of ass was now all over the young girl's tongue.

Simona moaned, snickered and laughed in delight as she felt the tongue move around in her ass. "Yes, kiss my ass whore!" said Simona as she reached back and with one arm to press Maria's pretty face gently into her bottom.

Soon Simona's pussy fingering intensified as she got close to orgasm. The feeling of the pretty girl's tongue deep in her butt made her cry out "Yes!" as she came hard. When Simona's orgasm was over, she turned around and ordered Maria to lie down on her back.

As Maria lay down, Simona explained how her magic works. Simona said "My magic is transferred via my urine. Once you drink it the spell will start to take effect and you will turn into whatever Ulf desires. It will taste foul, but you must drink it all or the spell won't work. Ones the spell is activated it can never be undone. Understand?"

Maria could not believe she heard right, but what choice did she have? So Maria reluctantly laid down on the floor and the witch smiled as she squatted down over Maria's face.

Maria opened her mouth like a baby bird. The witch started to chant spells and incantations as she began to piss. The taste was shocking, but Maria still swallowed and swallowed again. The urine was warm, bitter and salty.

When it was over the witch looked down on Maria with a wicked grin and said: "it is done, the spell will take effect soon. Go now, you ass licking, piss drinking whore. Hahaha!"

Maria could hear the laughter of the witch as she staggered out of the hut and into the swamp covered in the darkness of night. As she walked she felt sick but did not vomit. She did not take more than a hundred steps into the darkness until she started to feel a burning sensation under her skin.

The sensation got stronger and stronger. It was painful. The narrow path she walked on was only lit up by the moon and the stars. Fear started to take hold of her. What was going to happen?

As she walked in unspeakable pain, she felt herself getting heavier. Maybe she was just getting more tired, or maybe she was really growing. She just kept on walking in the general direction towards her home, trying to walk straight. Her skin felt so hot against the cold night air.

Soon she felt like her skin was on fire. She could hear her own bones snap and crack as her body obviously changed dramatically into something new.

She gave off loud grunts and moans of pain and jet she kept walking, trying to walk it off. Soon the pain stabilized and leveled out. She could hear animals all over the place but her screams of pain must have scared them off. She just kept on walking and soon she saw the sun rise.

She was soon out of the swamp and entered the farmlands. She walked through the early morning countryside, crossing cattle pastures to avoid the main roads.

The cows greeted her with friendly moos and smelled her as she walked by them. She was almost one of them. As the sun started to rise in the sky she finally got close to her destination, Ulf's dairy farm.

All pain was gone at that point. She could finally stop and take notice of how her body had been changed by the magic spell. For the most part, she still looked human, but some things had changed, allot.

Maria's skin had turned bone white, and she had received large black spots on the skin like on a Holstein cow. As she ran her fingers through her blond hair she felt that she had received two cow horns sticking out right above her ears.

Her hips had grown wider, her waist a bit thinner and her butt was enlarged giving her the hourglass figure. And her breasts! Her breasts had grown absolutely huge. Each breast was now as large as a human head.

As she ran her hands over her huge tits she felt that they were heavy, soft and very sensitive. Her pink nipples had grown larger and thicker. The witch had turned her into a cow-human. Maria was now magical that best could be described as a hucow or cow woman.

Her huge breasts gently swayed from side to side as she kept on walking towards Ulf farm. Her breasts were the part of her body that had changed the most. Yesterday she was flat cheated, now she had the largest breasts she had ever seen.

They were bigger than her head. The tits slapped into each other, jiggled and bounced with each step. However, they were so big and heavy that they gave Maria back pains.

Maria was unsure if she was dreaming of if this was all real. She took a nap in the green grass and before she fell asleep she noticed that the grass smelled good. When she woke up it was getting dark. She was not dreaming it seemed. She got up with some effort and kept on walking.

As she got close to the farm she saw Ulf standing in his garden, digging a hole with his shirt off. She studied him with lust as she saw his sweaty muscular body work in the sun. Ulf was doing some work in his garden when he saw Maria approach him in the corner of his eye.

He stood up and dropped the spade he was holding. He had never seen such beauty and such sex appeal. He could never have imagined such a creature. A mix between human and cow walked towards him. Maria had turned into what Ulf desired the most, just like the witch had promised. Maria's body had changed so much that he did not recognize her.

He ran towards Maria. His first thought was "is this a lost female minotaur?". The closer he got the more enchanted he was by her beauty. His dream girl was real. That amazing pair of huge breasts looked so good.

Ulf introduced himself, but as Maria wanted to respond all she could say was "moo". At this point, Maria realized she had lost the ability to speak. All she could do now was to bellow like a cow to communicate. It seemed so strange and jet so natural at the same time.

For him, it seemed strangely natural as well. Why should he assume that this creature, a hucow could speak? He inspected her body all over in search for any marks that she was owned by someone else. As he inspected her body he became hornier then he a had ever been before in his life.

He thought about what an amazing body she had. He felt her curvy ass, caressed her huge breasts. His big strong hands were all over her. Maria closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of his touch. This was the man she loved, she was going to let him do whatever he wanted to do.

Ulf led his new hucow to his barn to join the heard. The barn was a large building that Ulf himself built some years ago. He had six cows in there but there was room for ten.

As Maria walked in she smelled the dusty air in the barn. It smelled of manure, leather, hay, grain and the cows themselves. The barn had a few dirty windows covered with old spider webs to let in a little bit of light.

Ulfs big dick was now painfully hard. He was focused on her body as he walked behind her. Her big beautiful butt that swayed from side to side as she walked and her huge breasts could be seen even from the back. Ulf knew that he would fuck her that evening. Soon his sperm would be inside her.

One of the cows bellowed "moo" to greet Ulf and Maria and a few flies buzzed around the barn. The cowbells jingled softly as the cows moved about. Other than that it was silent as Ulf led Maria to her empty stall. Ulf placed his strong hand on her shoulders and pushed her down. "You should be on all fours from now on," he said.

As Maria got down on all fours she felt an instant relief in her back and she felt the joints in her back crackle. The load on her chest was shifted and she felt easier and more natural as her huge breasts now hung down under her.

Ulf tied a cowbell around her neck and then placed a trough in front of her with water, old bread and hey. Ulf was rapidly losing control as his lust took over more and more.

Ulf placed a metal bowl under Maria's breasts and began to milk her. He got on his knees beside her. He used both his hands on one breast at a time. With one hand he gently squeezed the breast from the side while he also squeezed and pulled the nipple downwards with the other hand.

The milk came out as Ulf put pressure between his thumb and index finger around the nipple area. Both Maria and Ulf were stunned to see that Maria gave milk instantly and lots of it. Jets of milk splashed into the metal bowl. Splash, splash, squirt, squirt. Listening to milk hitting his metal milk bowl was Ulf's favorite sound.

I was such an amazing experience for both of them. For Ulf, it was the sexiest thing he had ever done, jet it was still routine. He was a dairy farmer after all and had milked cows all his life, but not like this.

Maria got more and more horny with each pull on her teats and she almost orgasmed, but Ulf stopped milking her suddenly. The bowl was apparently full. Ulf took it up from under her breasts to show her. They were both impressed with the amount of milk. Ulf then drank it all down and it was the best tasting milk he ever had.

Milk was still dripping from her breasts so she had more to give, but Ulf could wait no longer. He got down on his knees behind Maria and pulled out his fully erect dick. Maria understood what was going to happen so she arched her back and spread her legs a bit more apart.

She got into breeding position and presented herself to Ulf. Her pussy was already wet when Ulf pushed inside. Maria's vagina was small and tight while Ulf's penis was large and thick, so it was hard to make it fit, but eventually he got the whole thing inside her wet love tunnel. He made it fit.

Maria made a girl moaning "moo" sound to let Ulf know she approved. Ulf started to fuck her slowly while he held her firmly by her hips with his big hands. He pulled almost all the way out then pushed all the way in with each thrust.

His huge dick really stretched her pussy to its limits as he started to pick up pace. His big balls started to swing back and forth so they softly slapped Maria's clit as he reached deep into her. His hips started to slam into her ass a bit harder with a slapping sound.

Suddenly Maria felt a huge orgasm coming up. Each thrust brought her closer to it. Her huge breasts were now swinging back and forth heavily under her like two massive church bells.

The milk kept dripping from her breasts. The motion of the heavy tits made Maria's cowbell jingle more. Slap, slap, jingle, jingle. Her "moo moaning" intensified until her orgasm hit.

Maria's eyes rolled back, she took a big breath, her mouth opened and she bellowed "MOO!" loudly as she came hard. Ulf felt the extra wetness from Maria on his balls. He felt her vagina convulse and tighten up around his penis and could hold back his own orgasm no longer.

Ulf shot an impressive amount of semen into Maria, rope after rope of cum hit her deepest places. He grunted "Uuaaah!" as he experienced the longest and most intense orgasm of his life. He really emptied himself into her.

Maria felt happiness and pride. She was glad that her pussy could do that to him. Ulf remained inside her for a while until he reluctantly pulled out. He was a hard working farmer and had things to do after all. He told Maria to just remain in her stall. An hour later he came back and fucked her again.

Time flew by for Maria. She lived as one of Ulf's cows and maybe it was just her imagination but she felt like the cows accepted her as one of them. Maria would greet her fellow cows with a "moo" and they would do the same to her.

The cows would often get close to Maria to smell her and even affectionately lick her face. The cows treated Maria like one of them, and Maria treated them like her sisters. For example, the other cows protected her if a wolf or wild dog got too close. Maria, who always seem to have milk to spare also let the small calfs suckle from her breasts to help her cow sister out with the feeding of the young. 
