 Chapter two: Maria saves Silverholm

Maria signaled to Ulf that she wanted to send a message by drawing on the ground with her finger. Ulf gave her pen and paper. Maria sent a letter to her father, telling him that she had found the love of her life and that he should not waste any time trying to talk her out of marrying a commoner. Ulf delivered the letter.

Life was wonderful for Maria and her new family on the dairy farm. Five years had passed since Maria came to the farm. Her two little girls could now run around and play with the rest of the calves. Like their hucow mother, they had bone white skin with black spots. They looked like miniatures of her, very cute and lively. Maria loved them so much. The girls loved their mother as well as her huge milk giving breasts. 

Maria's breasts had grown much during her time on the farm. She produced more milk than any one of Ulf's real cows, and her breasts were bigger than cow udders. Her breasts were so big that she could no longer walk on all fours. If she did that her breasts would get dragged along the ground under her. Her huge breasts would spill out over the floor even if she made herself as tall as she could on all fours with straight arms.

Walking upright like a human was not practical. Maria could do it, but not for more than a minute. If she tried it she would get nasty back pains, get exhausted and simply pulled back down on all fours by the massive weight of her tits. 

For this reason, Ulf had used his carpenter skills to create two front legs for maria. Basically, he made a crutch for each arm, shaped like a cows front leg. He made them from fine wood and white cloth with black spots. When Maria grabbed the handle grips on the crutches her hands were covered by the cloth so that it looked like her arms had turned to cow legs. 

As she used these "cow legs" and lifted herself up she could remain on all fours while at the same time getting off her knees. The crutches acted like extensions for her arms, making her arms match her legs in length. 

She was still bent forward and on all fours with her back in a horizontal position but she was now standing on her feet with straight legs. In this position, her huge breasts became elevated and lifted off the ground. Her gigantic breasts hung down heavily under her, free to gently swing, sway, jiggle and bounce as she moved on all fours. 

Walking on all fours with her new cow legs was hard at first, but is soon felt natural. After that, her cow legs felt like extensions of her arms and she loved them. She would never let them go and even slept with them right next to her. 

Her huge breasts always had milk to give to any hungry mouth that wanted some. It did not matter if it was her own children who started to suckle or one of the calves from her cow sisters. The constant milking and suckling hade made her nipples a bit longer and thicker. Ulf did not like that Maria let the calves suckle since her milk was so precious, but it always seemed like her teets were trapped in a mouth or a milking hand.

Maria's milk and the milk products made from it had made Ulf famous and rich. As soon as he arrived at the market in Silverholm all the traders and tavern owners wanted to buy everything he had. He would at first get twice as much as he asked for, then triple, then ten times as much as he originally got. Ulf had way more money then he knew what to do with.

Back at home Maria and Ulf had lots of sex as soon as they got a moment alone. However, Ulf did not want more children at that point, so he would always pull out his penis before ejaculating. Maria did not like that part.Maria gave off an angry "moo" to show that she disapproved whenever Ulf pulled out his dick to cum "outside".

Maria loved the whole process of being pregnant and giving birth. If she could have her way she would give birth to hundreds of children and feed them all with her breasts.

One day when Ulf got home from a very successful trip to the market, he seemed to be very troubled. He sat down in the hay next to Maria and began to explain his problem.

Ulf told maria that war was coming. A large barbarian horde had apparently invaded the country and all the citizens of Silverholm had been called to arms. Like the rest of the men, Ulf had answered the call and was going to join the infantry to defend the homeland. 

The barbarian invaders were wild men who used brute strength, suicidal bravery, and superior numbers to overwhelm their opponents. They were known to be tall and strong with muscular bodies and red or blond hair. They were so wild and uncivilized that they wore no clothing, never shaved or cut their hair and used stone age weapons.

"I will leave at first light my love, to join our army. That is why tonight will be our last night together in a while. When I am gone you will have to run this farm somehow. The war versus these barbarians should be over quickly so I won't be away for long." Said Ulf with a depressed voice. Maria could only give a distressed "moo" in response.

Maria and Ulf hugged each other and hugged the twin girls and many tears fell. However, that same night Ulf and Maria made love when the girls had fallen asleep.

Ulf led out maria on a field not far outside the barn. There he had prepared a picknick for the two of them. They sat down on ha large blanket and Ulf talked to her and said lots of sweet and tender words. He put another blanket over her shoulders to keep her warm in the chilly night. It was a bit dark, but the moonlight and starlight made up for it. Ulf gave Maria a taste of the cheese he made from her milk along with some wine. It tasted great and as she swallowed the last bite Ulf reached into his pocket to ger her something. 

Ulf gave Maria a cowbell made of pure gold. The bell was on a gold necklace that he lovingly placed around her neck. Maria was so happy she gave off a delighted "moo" and kissed her man. 

The kiss turned into a long makeout session. Ulf gently caressed Maris huge breasts while they kissed. As he pulled on her teets streams of milk shot out into the night.

For the first time ever Maria was feeling sexually aggressive and pushed Ulf down on his back while she moved on top. Ulf did not protest this, instead, he pulled his pants down revealing his massive erection. Maria sat down on it and inserted his big hard dick into her already wet pussy.

She moved her hips up and down and back and forth in a grinding motion. She could feel his penis sliding in and out of her vagina as Ulf played with her breasts. He caressed her breasts, grabbed them and squeezed them and pulled on her teets. As he did this she showered him with her milk. Maria came fast, so fast that she surprised herself and Ulf. "Moo!" she yelled out loudly. 

Ulf took both her nipples into his mouth and drank her milk as he began to move his hips to match Maria's movements. Maria felt great pleasure and joy as she suddenly felt sperm hit her deep in her pussy. 

After this, they kissed, hugged and snuggled for a bit before going back inside. The next morning Ulf was gone. 

A few days passed as Maria tried her best to manage the farm. It was hard work for anybody but for Maria, with her gigantic tits, it was almost impossible. Her breasts became engorged and heavy since she did not have time to milk herself and the rest of the cows.

Soon things turned from bad to worse. Even after a few days, Ulf had still not returned. The farm was in a state om imminent collapse. Suddenly Maria could hear voices outside one afternoon. As she peeked out of a barn window she saw thousands of barbarian warriors. 

Apparently, the war was going badly and a huge barbarian horde was now approaching Sliverholm to besiege the city. As the horde approached the city they looted and burned all the farms they ran into on the way there. Ulf´s dairy farm was next.

Several barbarian warriors entered the barn by kicking in the door. They walked into the barn with the confidence of victorious warriors, looking for loot and females to rape. They were all huge strong men with long hair and beards armed with clubs and spears. Anyone could see that these men were tough, hardened by a rough life. It was not just their muscular hairy bodies that gave this impression, but also their wild piercing eyes. They were all naked as the day they were born and seemed to all be very well hung. 

The barbarians jaws dropped as they saw Maria. They formed a circle around her and more and more barbarians entered the barn and it soon got very crowded in there. Marias two daughters were quickly taken away and Maria was too scared to even make a sound in protest. Her girls seemed to be handled gently by the barbarians at least.

As the men inspected her body they seemed unsure of what to think. Of course, none of them had seen anything like this before. Maria just froze as she felt strong hands from so many men all over her body. She was pushed down on her knees.The barbarian warriors were talking their strange language and laughing while getting more excited. Wherever Maria looked she saw a huge erect penis.

It soon got hot and smelly inside the barn. The body odor from all the unwashed barbarians was strong as well as the smell of penis. The smelled filled Maria's nose and made her dizzy. She felt like there was not enough air for her. 

Maria decided to let the barbarians do whatever they wanted. Resisting was pointless and if she did not do as they wished she would likely suffer for it. It was clear what they wanted. Maria was made to sit up straight on her knees 

A big dick suddenly pushed against her lips. She opened her mouth to let the barbarian penis in and began to suck. As she did this the Barbarians cheered in delight. She felt strong big hands grab her small hands and place them on erect dicks. In this way, she gave two handjobs and one blowjob simultaneously.

While this happened Maria felt hungry mouths suck on her udders. The Barbarians took turns sucking on her like infants. This felt wonderful and really relieved the worst milk pressure. 

She also felt one man crawl under her and another man who snuggled up on her from behind. Soon she felt one big dick penetrating her pussy and another even bigger penis getting shoved up her ass.

The body heat from all the men made Maria sweat and pant. Almost every part of her body was in contact with a barbarian. She felt penises being pressed up against her from all directions. The men grunted and moaned in pleasure as they fucked all her holes. Strong hands held her body in place, preventing Maria from moving, but also allowed her to relax all her muscles. 

Suddenly she felt her the taste of sperm in her mouth and swallowed the rather big load on instinct. The man who just came staggered away and was replaced by another barbarian. A new penis got showed in her mouth. 

The same thing soon occurred in her ass and pussy. The Barbarians came hard into her and got replaced by new unsatisfied eager men, over and over again. Many of the men got frustrated by waiting for their turn and started to masturbate while watching the spectacle. 

As the masturbating men were about to orgasm they pushed and shoved their way through the crowd towards Maria and came on her body. They came on her face, in her hair, on her tits and all over her body.

The smell of penis and sperm was powerful now and Maria had swallowed so much cum. Her belly was so full of sperm that she could feel it move as she moved, like the feeling one can get from drinking to much water. Maria loved to swallow cum normally. She loved both the taste and consistency of sperm but to consume this large amount of it was crazy. 

After about an hour of this Maria suddenly felt that she was about to orgasm. Her orgasm happened against her will, but the dicks inside her body just felt too good. Her eyes rolled back, her vagina spasmed and squirted a bit and she gave of one of her "moaning moos". The Barbarians noticed this and laughed and cheered loudly.

Maria felt guilty for enjoying herself. Her stupid body orgasmed against her will and she felt like she was cheating on Ulf. However, there was nothing she could do to prevent this.

Maria sort of blacked out in the sexual frenzy. The manly smell of sweat and dick filled her nose, the taste of sperm filled her mouth while her every opening was invaded by a penis. She lost track of time completely. She came again and again and started to moan loudly. She stopped trying to resist the urge to cum. 

This massive gang rape went on and on for many hours and Maria was totally exhausted and pumped full of sperm. It seemed like every warrior in the horde was going to rape her ass, mouth, and pussy.

Suddenly the roof of the barn got torn off as if a tornado had just hit the farm. As the barbarians looked up they saw Simona the mighty, the famous witch of the swamp. She was circling high above the farm, flying on a broom. Simona used her magic and turned some of the barbarians into lizards and toads. 

The barbarian warriors fled in all directions falling over each other in panic. Maria was so exhausted that she fainted. When she woke up she soon realized she was back in the swamp, inside the witches hut. Maria noticed the "cow legs" that Ulf made for her among the other strange items in the hut. Luckily Simona had realized Maria needed them to walk and decided to bring them.

Maria had been cleaned up and laid to recover under warm sheepskins. The witch was snuggled up close to Marias under the sheepskins. They were both naked and Simona was "spooning" Maria. Simona was softly caressing Mariah huge breasts, gently playing with them. It was this action that woke up Maria.

When Simona realized that Maria was awake, she began to speak softly to her. The witch told Maria about her situation. First, she explained that Marias two young daughter were safe but still in the hands of the barbarians. When Simona circled the camp of the barbarian horde, she saw the two girls in steel cages. When she was about to set them free she almost got killed by warriors throwing javelins at her. 

Simona promised to help Maria get them back but wanted something in return. Simona wanted Maria's help in getting back control of a certain man. This man was Simon's son, Zydon the half dragon.

Simona told Maria the story of how she ones had sex with a dragon a long time ago. About nine moths later she gave birth to a half-dragon, a creature of terrible power and size, with the head of a dragon and the body of a man. To Simona's great sorrow she lost control of her son as the dragon boy turned into a dragon man. Zydon wanted to get away from his mother due to her constant sexual advances.

When he became an adult, Simona started to view Zydon in a sexual way. He became the man of the house and Simona started to act like his wife more than his mother. Simona loved his big strong body and huge dick. She always slept in his bed and they soon started to have sex often. Zydon wanted it as well, but just got an overdose of it and just left one day. 

He said he wanted to have other women and see the world and so he left. Simona tried to stop him with powerful spells, but Zydon escaped into a special holy cave. The rocks in that cave repel spells and nullify magic. "So there he lives in defiance of his loving mother who just wants a bit of love and tenderness from her unruly, stubborn son," said Simona with a wicked grin. 

Simona went on to explain that she needed someone to lure him out of the cave. As soon as he came outside Simona could control him again with her magic. Simona also said, "before I send you to the cave I need you to do one more thing, lick my pussy".

Simona got up and sat down on Maria's face, kneeling over her with Maria's head between her legs. Simona was facing Maria's massive tits and played with them.

Maria had her nose against Simona's asshole while she licked the witches pussy. The witch moaned loudly as she pulled on Maria's nipples and played with her breasts. 

As Simona pulled on Maria's nipples milk sprayed up into the air like as if from fountains. Simona soon took both of Maria's nipples into her mouth and drank. 

The witch drank milk until she could drink no more. Meanwhile, Maira licked her pussy as best she could. Simona sort of grinded her pussy against Marias tongue, mouth and nose. Simona soon came and Marias face was all wet

Soon after this Maria was guided to the holy cave where the Dragon man was hiding from his mother. It was not far to walk. Soon they arrived at the entrance of the big cave. Simona whispered "Now just walk in, good luck" and slapped Maria on the ass as you do with cows to get them to move.

Maria nervously walked into the cave on all fours using the cow leg crutches. It was dark and cold in the cave. The air smelled of earth and old magic. It was not totally dark because the magic stones in the cave gave off a weak light. As Maria stepped deeper into the cave her eyes adjusted to the dim light. She felt like she was being watched.

The stones were wet and a bit slippery. Her big tits bounced and softly slapped into each other and her big round ass jiggled as she took a bad step and slipped. It was a tall fall and she knew she would hurt herself bad.

However, two huge hands grabbed her in the air and saved her. Soon she saw two big yellow eyes staring at her in the dark. As she looked into them she trembled with fear. A huge creature revealed itself. He had a big dragon head with horns and thick teeth as long as fingers. He had the body of a man but he was bigger and heavier than ten men.

Maria had just become aware of his presence, but he had observed her for some time. Maria realized this because she noticed his huge erection. His penis was very big and Maria immediately became intimidated by it. How would it fit inside her?

Zydon breath was warm and smelled like smoke from firewood. He wasted no time and immediately began to gently caress Maria's body with surprising tenderness. He was careful to not damage her with is super strength or his claws. His tongue was as long as Maria's arms and he began to lick her body with it. 

Zydon licked her whole body but focused on her ass, pussy, and breasts. He covered her whole body with his warm saliva that made her all lubricated and slimy. Maria offered no resistance since she knew that would be pointless. Instead, she relaxed and tried to enjoy the sensation. As the Dragon man licked her breasts he tasted some of her milk and became fascinated by it.

His big hands grabbed her tits and squeezed them into his open mouth. He did this for some time. Milk showered his mouth and tongue. It felt good for both of them. Maria enjoyed easing the pressure in her breasts and Zydon enjoyed the taste. 

This milk drinking episode lasted for some time and acted like foreplay. Maria was no longer scared of this gentle giant. Soon the wetness between her legs indicated that her body was more than ready for this dragon man. 

Maria knew that she would soon have sex with this monster man. Again she felt a surge of guilt wash over her as she was about to cheat on Ulf. However, she rationalized that she had to do this to save her children. 

Soon Zydon placed Maria on all fours in front of him. As usual, she stood on her cow leg crutches and trembled a bit in anticipation. She looked over her shoulder and saw him getting into position to mount her, but then he stopped. He stood still as if he was hesitating. Maria felt lust overpower her and presented herself by arching her back and spreading her legs a bit.

As she presented her big bubble butt to Zydon she looked over her shoulder with a coy look on her face. She could feel his warm breath on her ass cheeks and on her already wet pussy. She surrendered to him. 

Upon seeing this horny submissive display from Maria Zydon resumed. The dragon man pushed his huge penis against her pussy and it soon slid into her but it was a tight fit. He could not fit the whole thing in there. As he fucked her he pushed in as far as he could without hurting her.
