 Marianne sat at her computer. It was already 10pm and she should have been home hours ago. Her elbows rested on her desk as she supported her tired eyes. She rested her head hands in front of the numbers which scrolled continuously on the screen in front of her. Droplets of tears formed in the corners of her eyes through a mixture of tiredness and sadness. She blinked and pressed return for the millionth time that day to start the calculations of another set of variables. Determination kept her at the screen, day after day, hour after hour. She knew the key was here somewhere. It had been 5 years since the car crash had killed her husband. They had met while they were both studying for their masters degrees, and both had an interest in temporal physics and metaphysics. They had started this project together then, 15 years of work to break the barrier between dimensions with nothing more than a huge electricity bill. And so she had been advised by the university that the funding would be pulled at the end of this semester unless now, she alone, could manifest some concrete results.

This laboratory had been their lives for 10 years. Marianne smiled. She couldn't deny that when the air became charged with the electricity and the machines began to buzz there had been some exciting times. It had charged the atmosphere for them both. She gulped, feeling the prickle of excitement making the tiny hairs on her arms stand up. Marianne looked at the computer, her lips curled into a faint smile letting the dimples show on her face. She shuffled her position so she was leaning back in her chair and closed her pretty eyes and let herself drift off into reverie.

Before long she was remembering one of the better times. Marianne and Karl had just engaged the plasma coils and the static charge was building in the chamber. She had been transfixed on the screen watching all the variables when Karl had crept up behind her. She didn't feel his hot breath until he had brushed her long auburn hair out of the way to expose her neck. He could never resist that part of her and it was a matter of seconds before he'd began kissing her flesh sending more tingles of excitement down her body...

"S..S...Stop! The... cameras..." 

She knew the cameras were there, she always had, it'd never stopped her before either when Karl was with her or when she was alone for so many hours in the laboratory. She would have denied it but secretly she liked the idea of the security guards watching her. 

She admonished him feebly as he continued to kiss her neck, his big hands moving around to unbutton her blouse. He didn't answer and she purred as he flicked the buttons out.

"Npph fuck..." She moaned.

He had started at the top of her blouse. So she began to undo the buttons at the base pushing them through their holes hurriedly. Whilst she was doing this he kissed down her exposed shoulders. She didn't stop him pushing her bra strap and flimsy shirt down and out the way. His kisses made her shudder more, moaning silently as her breath quickened... Her mouth held open in a silent O shape.

The machines she'd been watching for hours beeped bringing her out of her memory abruptly. She blinked as she came around, her hand own hands had cradled her ample breasts and pushed the bra off to expose and begin to play with her now very pert nipples. She managed to let go of one of them for long enough to press the buttons to restart the sequence while she pinched the other between her fingers. She smiled and closed her emerald eyes again, leaving one hand on her breast the other snaked between her legs finding the increasing wetness between her legs she returned to her memory. 

Karl kissed her naked shoulders more and more rapidly, occasionally changing up to nibble on her flesh just slightly. This sent heightened shivers down her spine as she involuntarily arched her back in her chair against him. Her blouse was open now, and Karl's manly hands had moved to her sides beneath her heaving chest. Her own hands reached back to cup his head and pull him closer, she brought his stubble against her neck. She always loved a few days stubble on her man, the way it lightly scratched her skin when he kissed her. She reached up to remove her glasses but Karl stopped her.

"Leave them..." He whispered hoarsely. "They make you look sexy." 

He never stopped kissing her neck and shoulders as his hands lifted her up and out of her chair, she wheeled it out of the way as he turned her to face him. Marianne smiled at Karl, her emerald eyes focusing on his as she curled her bright red lips into a naughty grin. Karl recognised this expression. She may have been a 30 year old woman but he called this her naughty schoolgirl and it always made him squirm, he was putty in her now very warm hands. She didn't wait for a verbal cue, her hands went straight for his belt, tugging it open before reaching for his fly and plunging her hands down and inside. The moment her nimble fingers wrapped around his thick cock his expression changed, his smile grew and his breathing quickened. She flicked her hair and licked her lips, her eyes focused on his as her hands went to work on the cock wrapped in her fingers. Rubbing it back and forth as she slowly brought it free from his pants, she could feel it hardening, expanding to full length. She didn't stop as she lowered herself to knees, bringing her full lips in line with his member, he could feel her hot breath on the tip as he looked down at her. 

She didn't take her eyes off his as she parted her lips and guided the tip between them. His knees nearly buckled as he was enveloped in the warmth of her mouth briefly before she withdrew the length again. Marianne never rushed this, she loved the feeling of Karl's cock in her mouth, the way it twitched and pulsed as she stroked her tongue along it. Her manicured fingers curled around the base as she stared lovingly up at her husband as she sank her head down him again, slow and lingering making him groan. She liked being firmly in control of the situation keeping a steady pace whilst his hands rested on her head. Marianne loved the feel of him running his fingers through her tussled locks. She wanted him inside her and could already feel him twitching in her mouth. She couldn't hold back her smile as she withdrew his cock again. She held him there twitching slightly in her hand as she grinned up at him, a trace of her saliva running from his cock head to her tongue.

"Fuck me, now... On the desk," she managed to moan as she climbed to her feet, her hand still wrapped around his cock.

Karl chuckled in response pushing her backwards gently so she was sitting on the desk she had been working at. Marianne in response hiked her black knee length pencil skirt above her curvy hips so that her man could now see her stocking tops and lacy black panties. She had dressed herself in her finest set this morning for a business meeting to secure more funding and she was glad she'd bothered now. Her bra matched perfectly and she was already unclipping it at the back and slipping it off to reveal her ample breasts, big and firm but just bobbing slightly as she squirmed on the desk. Karl grinned at his wife as he moved his hands down to her panties, pulling at them rapidly over her rear and down her legs so they lay in a pile with her blouse and bra at the foot of the desk. 

Her husband didn't wait long, parting her long curvy legs wide. With a wink he began kissing the inside of her thighs around the tops of her stockings. The bristle of his stubble scratching at her tender flesh made her moan and her squirm more furiously. He stopped brief to take in her scent as as he made his way down towards the centre of her legs. She knew what he was doing and adjusted herself on the desk, leaning back slightly to give him better access. She whimpered softly, already excited from sucking his cock, managing to guide Karl to her cunt with her fingers in his short hair. She gasped pulling him into her, his tongue lapping at her flowing juices at first savouring them before moving deeper inside her, slowly twisting and turning. She loved this feeling and didn't want him to go anywhere. She arched her back thrusting her breasts up and outwards clasping his head between her thighs as she crossed her ankles behind his back. This pulled him deeper and deeper into her. She could feel his hot breath on her clit. Then the kissing began, rapid kisses and nibbles on her clit interspersed by an exploring tongue. She had one hand on his head the other teased her nipple, pulling and twisting at it as he fucked her with his face.

"fuck... me, darling... Oh god... Put that cock in me..." She moaned.

She arched her back higher, his tongue twisting inside her to soak up all her fluids as she squirmed. The kissing and nibbling on her clit was sending her to the edge rapidly and she wanted to reach an orgasm with his cock inside her. She knew he heard her when she could feel him nodding, he wanted to be inside as much as she needed it and released him from her thighs. Marianne slumped back on the desk, panting, as Karl got to his feet. He loved to see her squirm. He loved the way her breasts moved naturally when she was excited and the fact she was now kneading them, pulling and twisting her own nipples made him more and more excited. 

She Looked up at him through messy hair and slightly wonky glasses, smiling at the ring of her moisture around his mouth. All of her was tingling as he, unspoken, offered her his hand to help her up. She took it, again no word was uttered as let him turn her around by hips to face the desk. Karl gently pushed her her forward at the shoulder until she was bent fully forward. This brought her sensitive nipples against the table. His hand pushing her down just a bit more firmly to let her rub herself against the desk. She didn't look around, instead she lowered her head and grasped the edge of the desk, waiting... He didn't move his hand from the small of her back as he stepped his leg between hers. She loved this level of firmness and he loved the view of her taut stocking clad legs and high heels parted waiting for him like this. Marianne knew he was savouring the moment before he felt his hands move to her hips and the tip of his cock at her entrance to her cunt. That feeling of his big hands grasping her flesh then... ummph... she felt him push himself her. She loved the feeling of being filled up and he did it so completely. He held himself there letting her muscles squeeze him for a moment. She closed her eyes and the thrusting started. Marianne whimpered, her breath already quickening as his thrusting got harder and faster. He groaned as his cock twitched inside her, her muscles squeezing him. She couldn't help herself squirming on the desktop against him, bucking herself backwards and arching herself up into his hand which held her. His cock pulsed hard and filled her so completely that it drove her over the edge. Karl gripped her hips tightly as he exploded inside her, sending waves and waves of thick sticky cum deep inside her. She closed her eyes tightly as she shuddered in orgasm. He whole body shaking as her muscles milked him, contracting around his cock. Her lips locked in an O shape as rode the waves of her orgasm. Panting, they both finally relaxed and slumped down. He lay on top of her, twitching, he couldn't resist placing a lingering kiss on her now red lips.

The Machine beeped loudly... 

Loud enough to bring her out of her daydream. 

Unkempt and still slightly giddy she jumped up and hit what she thought was the right button but something was wrong. Instead of asking her to restart the sequencing it started the electromagnets on the plasma coils. She breathed quickly a mixture of post orgasmic bliss and confusion she began typing, but nothing was happening. Instead the Arch was charging with a green glow she'd not seen before. She rubbed her eyes and adjusted her glasses. This wasn't the correct sequence, and the abort sequence wasn't working. She shook her head, there was a loud pop as the magnets charged and the monitor's and camera's screens blew. The flying glass caused her to dive for cover under the desk banging her head. She thought she'd blacked out.

The noise ... so ... much noise ... It was a high pitch almost human, animalistic scream reaching to a crescendo then silence. There was nothing but a void where noise and light should have been. Except she was conscious and she could look around. She slowly got to her feet, nothing sounded right. There was no echo, everything sounded hollow as she moved to the arch chamber. Marianne felt around for the viewing hatch controls. Slowly the screen drew back to reveal a eerie, unearthly green glow filled the chamber. But there was something else in the arch. Marianne shook her head, it couldn't be. She blinked and it was still there there was a long white brick lined corridor where the other side of the chamber should be. She felt around for the door to the chamber which should have been automatically sealed when the electricity blew. Marianne shook her head the heavy door swung open on its hinges. She didn't really know what she was doing. She stepped slowly through into the chamber until her well toned body was bathed in the green light until she stood in front of the entrance to the corridor.

"Step through..." Marianne blinked it couldn't be. 

"Step through." 

The voice repeated, it sounded like Karl. She shook her head once again, she must be dreaming.

"Come to me, Marianne. Come find me..." 

The disembodied voice called to her. She didn't took two big breaths and not stopping to smarten herself up, stepped through the archway and into the corridor.

She hadn't even gotten her bearings when, with a fizz and a pop the archway closed behind her to leave nothing in it's place except a cold stone wall.

To be continued...