 It was a clear evening, the light cloud of earlier in the day had gone and now the stars were clear and crisp in the dark sky. The couples up at Lover's Point were treated to what they took to be a shooting star then thought no more of it. Had they cared to watch it longer they would have seen that it suddenly changed direction just before ground level and moved silently into a piece of suburban wasteland, the glow of its superheated surface quickly fading.

It touched down ever so gently and within seconds a blur disguised its outline, making it almost indistinguishable from the trash and overgrowth of the vacant section. Even the hatch when it opened broke the camouflage for just a moment, and then it was closed again as the sole occupant of the space craft studied the quaint houses of the sleepy town.

Activating the scanner on her left gauntlet, Ntel surveyed the nearest houses : 3 hominoids, 2 non-viable; 1 hominoid, viable; 4 hominoids, 2 non-viable; 2 hominoids, both viable. Ntel took the last as the best of the options and quickly made her way over the low fence to what was the back yard of the two story house. She approached the rear door of the domicile and walked straight in.

Marion heard the door open and putting down her mop she went into the kitchen to see who it was. Standing in the doorway was almost a woman, she was dressed in some skin tight leather outfit and Marion would have mistaken her for a biker chick except for the face. The creature had no nose, her eyes were large black ovals and her ears fibrillating gills down to her neck. Marion went to scream but was too scared to make a sound.

Ntel sized up the woman who had appeared, she looked to be middle-aged by human standards, with her long reddish-blonde hair up in a loose bun. She was dressed in a blue-white gingham dress with just enough of a neckline to indicate that she was indeed a female of the species. An ideal subject, Ntel decided as she stepped forward, wrapped her arms around the terrified woman and drew her close. She locked lips with the woman's open mouth and inserted her tongue, eight inches long, an inch thick and ribbed.

Marion's eyes opened even wider, she was being kissed by this strange creature and it had put something huge into her mouth, almost like a giant version of the time her husband had tried to make her give him a blowjob. She felt she was going to gag, especially when she felt fluid shoot out of the thing in her mouth. Then a sereneness flooded through her, like when she used to enjoy sex with her husband. She felt good all over and relaxed, this strange creature was her friend.

Ntel gradually retracted her tongue and was slightly surprised to find the human reluctant to break the kiss. Well, she wouldn't mind a bit of pleasure too. She reached one hand around and began kneading the woman's breast, Marion responded by grabbing the alien's bum and squeezing it, pressing their crotches hard against each other. Ntel continued to play with the tit, their kiss becoming more impassioned and letting the human's tongue probe into her own mouth. She let this continue for a bit, then broke away;

"I need access to your womb," Ntel said.

"Please call me Marion. Of course you can have it. Come with me and I'll get more comfortable." Marion led Ntel into the lounge and reclined on the sofa. She hiked up her dress to the waist and peeled her heavy cotton panties off, exposing her blonde pussy. Ntel got down on her knees, moved her face between Marion's spread legs and gently probed with her tongue.

"Oh, yes," moaned Marion, "Yes, please, push it in."

Ntel formed a lock around Marion's slit with her lips, then extended her tongue. It slid easily into Marion's sopping went cunt and Ntel found herself enjoying the taste of Marion's juices. Marion began to moan even harder and started to squeeze her own breasts. When Ntel's tongue began to thrust in and out she couldn't help but scream out in delight and clumsily unbuttoned the front of her dress to get better access to her erect nipples. Between her legs Ntel felt the thrill of her egg running up the inside of her tongue and felt Marion convulse as it shot into her. Marion's entire body shuddered through an orgasm.

Satisfied with the implanting and feeling much more sexually excited than normal, Ntel got up to see a disheveled Marion playing with her tits, trembling through the after-effects of so powerful an orgasm. She couldn't believe how receptive this Human woman had been.

"Oh, that was wonderful." Marion gasped at last, having caught her breath but still too weak to get up, "Please tell me you're not going to leave now."

"I will be with you until you give birth."

"Oh, am I pregnant again? How wonderful. Please, I should know your name."

"I am called Ntel. I will need to impregnate another but I can spend time with you for now."

Marion got up, uncharacteristically unconcerned by her condition and took Ntel's hand. "Come with me," she whispered in the sexiest voice she could muster. Not sure what was going on, Ntel followed as Marion led her up the stairs and into the bedroom. There Marion undid the rest of the buttons on her dress and took it off. She then unclipped her bra and tossed it away before slinking over to Ntel in her best Lana Turner impersonation. Ntel felt herself being aroused again and helped Marion as she struggled with the unfamiliar fasteners on her flight suit. It soon fell to the floor and Marion went straight for her tits, biting and chewing on her nipples until Ntel was thoroughly aroused. They both moved over to the bed and Ntel let Marion run her mouth all the way down to her crotch where Marion's tongue began to probe her own cunt.

Before long they were in a 69 position on the bed, Marion's tongue flicking Ntel's alien clit and driving her wild with excitement while she reciprocated by thrusting her huge tongue deeper and deeper into Marion. They shared orgasms, traded orgasms and thoroughly pleasured each other till they both felt they couldn't take any more.

As they lay there in each others arms, a nearby door opened and closed.

"That will be my daughter, getting a glass of water." Marion said calmly, "I can't wait for you to meet her and share your special gift with her as well." Marion got up, quickly wiped away the sweat with a sheet and buttoned herself into her dress. She then left the room and headed downstairs.

Joanie was heading into the kitchen when Marion came down the stairs,

"You look happy Mom, done something special today?"

Marion looked at her teenage daughter, so young and innocent looking dressed in her white blouse, pleated skirt and short cardigan. So unlike herself at that age, Joanie hadn't even had the facts of life talk because her husband took anything sexual to be dirty and evil. "Joanie, could you come up to my bedroom. I've got something very special I want you to see."

"Sure, Mom," Joanie replied as she followed her mother upstairs. Marion opened the bedroom door and Joanie went in, and froze in confusion when she saw the naked Ntel.

"Its okay, Joanie," Marion reassured her as she gently pushed her daughter over to Ntel, "She's a very special friend to us and she's got a present for you. Something you'll really love. Trust me."

"But Mom ..."

"Now trust me, darling. Sit down her on the edge of the bed to make things easier." Marion sat her daughter down then sat down behind her, her crotch pressing against her daughter’s bum, her breasts against her back as she wrapped her arms around her daughter's waist and leant forward to kiss her on the cheek. "This will hurt for just a moment, then its the most wonderful thing in life."

Joanie didn't know what to do as Ntel got down on her hands and knees and slowly moved towards her. She was even more surprised when her Mother pulled back her skirt, exposing her panties. Ntel reached up and slowly slid the panties down Joanie's legs and off over her feet. She then spread Joanie's legs and nuzzled her mouth up against her light crop of pussy hair. If her mother hadn't been there Joanie would have freaked out, instead she was confused.

Joanie felt something wet and hard prodding against her pussy lips and tensed. Marion responded by moving her hands up to her daughter's pert little breasts and began squeezing them rhythmically while tonguing her daughter's cheek. A wave a pain ripped through Joanie and she squealed as something intruded into her, she felt was going to be ripped apart, a searing pain in her groin. Behind her, her mother's actions became more frantic, squeezing her daughter’s tits hard and grinding her own body against her daughter.

Then the pain subsided into a dull ache, and that in turn was overtaken by waves of pleasure as Joanie could now feel something thrusting and probing inside her. She understood what her mother meant as she panted hard, pleasure overcoming everything else. Something popped inside her and she groaned through her first orgasm, knowing she would do anything to feel that sensation again. She didn't have long to wait as it came again and again and never seemed to end. Behind her, her mother was cooing in pleasure as well as she held her orgasming daughter tight against herself.

The impregnation finished, Ntel retracted her tongue and got up. Marion wasn't finished though, and she set about undressing her giddily happy daughter. She pulled off her own stained dress and then set about teaching her daughter how to pleasure a woman. Ntel just watched, she wasn't sure she herself could handle much more.

Hours passed, Marion and Joanie had finally had enough and were lying there in each others arms, their naked bodies covered in sweat. Then they heard the front door open and close.

"Oh dear, that will be my husband." Marion sighed.

"I have no use for him, therefore I will eliminate."

"That's nice." Marion muttered dreamily as she watched Ntel leave.

The next morning Ntel entered the bedroom to check on the status of her hosts. They were just waking up, both still naked. Joanie noticed first.

"Mom, my tummy has swollen up." she said, quite calmly. Everything had been so wonderful since yesterday evening that she couldn't believe that anything unpleasant could ever happen to her ever again.

Marion looked at her daughter's stomach, she did indeed look like she was about four months pregnant. She felt her own stomach and realised she was about the same, it just wasn't as obvious on her less toned body. Looking up at Ntel, Marion was positively glowing with happiness. With a coy smile she gestured for the alien to come over, and to make the intent of her invitation clear she reached down and spread her nether lips.

Ntel was slightly bewildered but drawn in by Marion's rampant horniness. In the past her race had crept on to planets, taken hosts by stealth and then left shortly after they had given birth but now as she buried her face between the woman's legs and slurped at the delicious juices, she was having to deal with a host that not only enjoyed the experience, but lusted after it. If the woman was so willing, so desperate in fact, to be a host, then Ntel decided that she could take her back to the mother ship.

Marion sighed contently as she lay in a semi-reclined position on the strange alien material. It was almost like a bean chair but filled with a warm jellyish substance and so comfortable that she didn't care that her limbs were beginning to atrophy from lack of use. She didn't have to do anything any more, no scrubbing floors or cooking and cleaning for an ungrateful husband and children. 

Her food came to her in a living tendril like an elephant's trunk that squirted the delicious goo into her mouth, more tendrils with tongue-like tips cleared away her bodily excretions, from licking the sweat off her skin to collecting her urine and faeces before they even had a chance to leave her body. It all felt so wonderful, like being licked all over and she giggled at how naughty she was in enjoying the probing of her ass.

Then there were the suckers that were clamped on to her breasts, always gently milking her and that felt good too. But best of all was when Ntel came to re-impregnate her. That was always like the best fucking she had ever had. Marion looked down past the tendrils at her swelling belly, it wouldn't be long now, she would be pushing out another egg and Ntel would be by to collect it and to service her again. Marion was so proud that she could produce an egg every twenty four hours. The stimulation and joy of continuous pregnancy, Marion was so blissfully happy.