 Marissa is Insatiable

Marissa's Tales: Chapter 2

This and my other "Faeophobia" stories are based on the "Faeophobia" world created by xxxecil.

Marissa was naked save for her long, fingerless opera gloves. Nevertheless, wielding her ancestor's dwarven battleaxe, she did not feel vulnerable. She crept toward the disturbance she had heard in her bedroom. She reached the door and pushed it open with the end of the axe. As the door creaked open, Marissa's nose was assaulted by the musky, familiar smell of sex. Maybe her roommate had used her bed again. She also heard an odd wet, slurping sound from somewhere in the room. A leaky pipe?...in her bedroom? That didn't make sense. As she gazed into the darkness, she tried to make out the familiar details of her bedroom.

Her large, soft bed dominated the room, covered in pillows, and left unmade after her last session of love-making with her most recent boyfriend, Kevin. Kevin was a nice enough guy, she supposed. Like many Fae, Marissa was attracted to numerous human men and enjoyed coaxing hot cum out of their balls. Unlike many Fae, Marissa had at least a vague understanding that humans simply didn't accept women who slept with a different man each night. However, she had learned that multiple partners were infinitely more acceptable if you were with each partner for an extended period of time. Though she still didn't understand why. Human morals were weird.

Thus Marissa had been dating Kevin for about a month, which meant that she would soon be looking for a different man to satisfy her daily need for dick. Even as she scanned the room for an intruder, her mind wouldn't leave Kevin and hard cocks shooting cum...her pussy was starting to drip and her nipples were beginning to harden...but she had other problems right now!

"Hello?" Marissa ventured shakily in her soft, high pitched voice. Immediately after her question, she heard an oddly muffled voice from the other side of her high bed, soon followed by a whisper she couldn't make out. Confused, yet nonetheless curious, Marissa stepped into the room and remembered the light switch. She flicked it on just in time to see the shirtless top half of her boyfriend sticking up next to her bed, a vacant expression on his face. "Kevin? What..." as she crossed to the other side of the bed she suddenly understood.

As she looked down, she saw Kevin on his knees naked with his cock glistening as it was devoured by a naked, voluptuous pixie with hot pink hair on her hands and knees. The pixie, coming out of her revelry, took her mouth of Kevin's saliva-soaked dick long enough to wink at Marissa as she transitioned to jacking Kevin off while running her tongue over his swollen cockhead. In less than a minute, Kevin tensed up and grunted as his cock spewed a generous load all over the pixie's tongue and mouth before she moved to receive the rest on her large, exposed breasts.

Marissa visibly relaxed and simply responded with "Hey, Deneira" and a knowing smile. "Watch out, Kev;" placing the axe on her bed, Marissa stepped over Kevin's panting form and bent down to lick every drop of his still-warm cum from the end of his cock as the final dregs dripped out. Meanwhile, Deneiria was lustily rubbing Kevin's cum into her large, pale breasts, paying particular attention to her areola. She kept her mouth closed and twitched her eyebrows upward twice as she made eye contact with Marissa.

Marissa suddenly understood and said, "Thanks for saving me some," just before kissing Deneira deeply. Deneira had made a conscious effort not to swallow, so the two shared the human's tasty cum as their lips locked and their tongues played against each other.

"Kevin, why didn't you wait until I got home? I know Deneira can be hard to resist, but..."

Finally regaining his composure, Kevin replied, "Oh I'm sorry, Marissa. I bought a stamina potion today and was hoping we could fuck for about the next 6 hours, like you've always wanted....but I got antsy and wanted to try the potion...so I did...and I came over here to wait for you to get home. When I got over here Deneira was feeling lonely, and...apparently the potion made me horny too...and I just couldn't let a whole hour's worth of erections go to waste..." He and Deneira smiled as he finished, whilst Marissa simply smiled and shook her head.

Marissa wryly asked, "How many loads has he given you, Deneira?"

Deneira smacked her blue-purple lips and licked off the last Kevin's cum before responding, "Three, I think. We've been at it for about 45 minutes..." She smiled and shrugged.

"Well, he's all mine for the rest of the night. If I get tired and that stamina potion still hasn't wore off...I might send him your way later. But you'll owe me. Again." Marissa smiled and closed the door to her bedroom just in time to see Deneira wink at her and pull up a chair near the bedroom. If she couldn't join in, she would at least finger herself to the erotic sounds within until she exhausted her thin, pixy body. Marissa was very fond of Deneira, but the girl was practically a nymphomaniac- even by Fae standards!

Marissa, still nude, turned toward Kevin, her long red-blonde hair flying as she alluringly whipped her head around. Having just tasted her cute, well-built boyfriend's cum had nearly put her in a lust-ridden frenzy, though she suppressed it as well as she could, hoping to tease him a bit. Marissa stroked her huge, firm 34F breasts with her still-gloved hands. "Mmm...did you miss me, baby?"

"God, yes! I can't believe it's only been 9 hours..." Kevin's thick, dangling meat was beginning to rise once more as he neared her.

Marissa raised a disapproving hand. "Agh, agh, agh. You started without me, you selfish bastard...now suffer." She directed him to sit on the bed, then walked to her closet, sexily swaying her full hips. She pulled out a pair of black thigh-high stockings and matching garter belt. Marissa just loved gift-wrapping her delicious body before offering it to some handsome human stud!

She slowly pulled the stockings on, letting her hands linger for a short time near her pretty pussy-lips, now dripping with concrete proof of her desire. Then the garter belt. The smell that the busty elf exuded filled Kevin's senses and inflamed his already swollen member. 

"Baby...please...I can't take it..." Kevin groaned from on the bed, watching the over-sexed Fae girl tease him. He always found her breathtaking, but the potion was making his desire exponentially worse.

"Well....I guess we should maximize the potion's utility....." Marissa rushed sauntered toward the bed slowly. She had really wanted to tease him, but the second she saw the first drop of pre-cum dribble out of his beautiful cock, she had been reduced to a slobbering Fae bitch in heat. Even now, it took everything she had not to immediately impale herself on his cock.

Her large tits bounced and her wide hips swayed as she neared him. With Kevin in a sitting position, she positioned herself just above his fully engorged cock. She reached down with her right hand, gently holding his cock in place as she lowered her eager pussy toward it. "Hold me up," she implored Kevin. He supported her with his arms so that she could hover over him comfortably with the head of his thick cock nestled against her visibly engorged clit. She slowly rubbed the end of his cock against her clit, his pre-cum and her bourgeoning wetness providing plenty of lube. Kevin moaned as she did so, enjoying the sensation of heat and light friction almost as much as she did. Marissa loved using his cock like a dildo against her clit and he was happy to oblige her.

Marissa was now gripping the cock more tightly and rubbing it up and down more quickly against her clit. Kevin tore his view away from her huge, jiggling breasts and down to her hand. He watched her delicate fingers topped by long black nails drag his oozing cockhead back and forth against her clit, half-jacking him off. He kept supporting her as she picked up speed, her clit feeling hotter than ever. She was starting to shake as she looked down into his eyes and loudly declared, "I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum!" After a few more moments, her body went rigid, her head thrown back as she screamed in orgasm. Her body repeatedly spasmed, but Kevin held onto her as she came hard.

As she came down from the orgasm, her eyes were lidded and almost closed. Kevin turned her around and placed her on her back on the bed. He spread her legs, pointed his cock at her sopping vagina and easily entered her. The wet folds of her yearning, magically tight pussy gripped his thick meat as pushed past her labia. Marissa opened her eyes and mouth in an expression of disbelief, her pussy overly sensitized thanks to her orgasm moments earlier. She finally found her voice, a wordless, breathy moan rising in pitch as he passed the five inch mark. Kevin buried his head in her ripe tits, sucking on her thick, puffy nipples as his rampant cock once again entered the most blissful place it had ever known. Marissa's nipples were still sensitive too and the pleasure from Kevin's mouth was overwhelming. She was reminded for the thousandth time why she loved getting fucked.

Kevin began to pick up the pace, his hard cock lancing in and out of her slick, tender pussy. Marissa threw her arms around his back, her long black and iridescent blue nails digging in as she began to orgasm from the deep, unrelenting penetration. Kevin was in bliss, his cock disgorging what seemed like pints of pre-cum into her hungry snatch, her tender walls of fleshy ecstasy gripping his cock like a miniature vice. His mouth found hers, their tongues exploring, playing with each other, with her doorknocker piercing further enlivening their oral play and pleasure.

Kevin paused just long enough to lift her legs vertically against him, resting one leg on each of his shoulders before he penetrated her again, now even more deeply. Marissa actually squealed when he went balls deep in this position. She recovered just enough to start playing with one of her nipples whilst the other stimulated her engorged clit. "Yes! Gods, Kevin, keep fucking me like that!" As Marissa neared orgasm again, her pussy started bearing down on Kevin's cock, squeezing it. It was almost more than he could take, but he managed, hoping she could get off once more before he did. After a few more minutes of Kevin's pounding, Marissa came again, moaning loudly as she diddled her clit. Seeing her cum and feeling her pussy clamp down put Kevin over the edge. "Ohhhh baby, here it comes!"

Marisa, still in post-orgasmic bliss was elated to hear it. "Yeah, baby, cum inside me. Give me your cum. Give me your cum!" Marissa let loose a soprano cry of delight that filled the apartment as her hot womb was filled with Kevin's hot, precious cum. Marissa panted as her body shook with mini-orgasms. She was one of those women who could clearly feel when a man came inside her and she loved the way it felt every single time.

A few minutes later, Marissa was kneeling in front of Kevin, cleaning what little cum had escaped her pussy off of his still semi-erect dick. Unlike some humans, Fae seemed to savor the taste of erotic bodily fluids. This might have been part of their evolution toward a more sexually desirable race as their population declined, but scientists were still uncertain. Regardless of the reason, many elves were fond of blow-bangs while satyrs and other male Fae could lap at a girl's cunt for upwards of an hour.

Marissa never thought to question such things as she loudly slurped on Kevin's rapidly re-engorging cock, coating it with saliva via her soft, pierced tongue. Once he was suitably hard, she took him fully between her cinnamon brown lips, forming a vacuum seal over his raging hard-on. Delicately rolling his hairy balls in her gloved hands, she lightly dragged her long nails along his sack, eliciting a moan from Kevin and a further hardening in his cock. His dick was dribbling yummy pre-cum into her mouth which helped lubricate its worthy length. 

Marissa began taking more and more of Kevin's erect cock into her mouth, savoring the sensation as it pushed into her throat, almost eliciting her gag reflex. But Marissa's control of her mouth and throat muscles was masterful after so many years of singing and fellating men. So inch after slick, hard inch slid into the lusty, voluptuous elf's soft, tight throat. Her lips, drooling excess saliva from the effort, finally reached the base of his rock hard shaft. Marissa moaned around the cock in her throat, pleased with herself. 

Kevin ran his hands through her long wavy hair, in ecstasy over the oral talents of his Fae girlfriend. Marissa looked up, deep into his eyes with his dick hidden inside her beautiful face as her pierced tongue squeezed under his cock and teased his balls with the cool steel ring. It was more than he could take and grabbing the sides of the talented young Fae's head, he began sliding her hot mouth and tight throat along the entire seven and a half inches of his cock. Every now and then, he'd leave his dick lodged completely in her throat for a minute and she would make swallowing motions, massaging his dick with the wonderful sensation.

Soon, Kevin was fucking her flawless face at rapid speed, eliciting deliciously raunchy sounds as she slurped, sucked, and salivated on his quickly moving dick, all while catching a quick breath where she could. Kevin's hands were grasping her head more tightly, portending wondrous things as Marissa diddled her clit while her face was reamed. "Fuck! Take my cum, baby!" Kevin cried.

Marissa felt his cock jerk deep in her throat. After a second jerk, she started pulling her head back so that the head moved up into her mouth. His cock spat two more wads into her mouth, which she eagerly swallowed. She then pulled out his hard, saliva-soaked cock and jacked it with her long-nailed, gloved hand whilst aiming it at her huge, mammaries. Kevin spewed a few more globs of his hot seed all over her heavy breasts as she breathily encouraged him. As his orgasm subsided, she gently jerked his cock over her breasts, determined, as usual, not to waste a drop of cum. As he collapsed back onto the bed, she rubbed his cum well into her thick, hard nipples and the sensitive skin of her golden areola. 

Kevin fucked Marissa's mouth, pussy, and boobs in nearly every way over the next 4 hours. Kevin's erection returned within 5 minutes of each orgasm he had, of which the final tally was 15 for the night, not counting the three he gave Deneira. Marissa estimated that she had about 2 good orgasms for every one of his. Her only complaint was that she was sure she would have orgasmed more if Kevin could have lasted longer between each cum. Sure, the potion gave him a constant erection, but he came so often that by the end of the night, his dick was almost dry-heaving for lack of available sperm. Still, it was a memorable night, their last night in fact.

As they both dressed to attend class at Madison University the next day, Marissa off-handedly informed Kevin of this. "Well Kevin, I hope you enjoyed our last night together." She smiled warmly.

"What? What do you mean, babe?"

"Kevin...we've been together for a little while now...a month almost. It's been fun, but it's time to move on. You know?" Marissa looked at him, hoping for understanding, compassion.

Kevin sputtered, "But the sex has been amazing! I don't understand."

Marissa put a well-manicured hand on her hip. "Kevin, it has been amazing...but I can't help but think of all the other guys I might have an amazing time with. I mean there are so many hard cocks out there filled with cum that I've never tasted, never felt unload inside me. Would you really want me to give all that up for one person? Isn't that kind of selfish?" Marissa looked at him, imploringly and innocently, seeing nothing wrong with what she had just said.

Kevin glowered at her, looking half-disgusted. He shook his head, saying, "I guess the guys were right. You're an insatiable slut, just like all Fae girls. Well, at least I got to fuck you before you caught an STD. Stupid elf bitch...." With that he slammed the door and left her apartment.

Marissa sighed resignedly and shook her head. She just didn't understand these humans, especially the men! She had been his monogamous partner for almost a month in accordance with general custom on campus. What had she done wrong? And why were human males so pleased when, while fucking them alone, she did things that they themselves or other humans termed "slutty," but then hated and insulted her for doing those same things when she did them with someone else? 

Marissa simply didn't understand humans. Nonetheless, she hoped Kevin wouldn't spread his opinion to the whole campus. It would sour her reputation and make finding another agreeable, virile man that much more difficult.