 A Fae at the Frat & Library Lust

Marissa's Tales: Chapter 3

This and my other "Faeophobia" stories are based on the "Faeophobia" world created by xxxecil.

Marissa shook her head sadly, tossing her thick gold and red hair in the process. The five young men around the table gaped lovingly at her wavy, silky hair and ridiculously statuesque proportions even as she visibly bemoaned her lack of interest in them all. But Marissa needed cock...badly.

Free of her latest month-long relationship, the seemingly insatiable Fae was back on the prowl, her lust tuned to a fever pitch by her unbearable lack of sex for the last incomprehensibly agonizing 10 hours. Before arriving at the Sigma Alpha Omega frat party at her college, Marissa had excitedly prepared for the hopefully fruitful outing. Getting ready to go out and find a rampantly hard cock to douse her hungry pussy or ripe tits with cum was something she found especially rewarding, psyching herself up for excitement, attraction, and mind-numbing sex until her newfound man's balls were dry heaving inside her. The idea of that new cock being attached to a man whose lust knew no bounds and who might also be a new and interesting person caused her pulse to race faster, her thick nipples to further expand and harden, and her cunt to drool yet more luridly.

Marissa had stood in front of the large mirror in her bedroom, taking in every angle of her delicious, oversexed Fae body. For a top, she donned a Gothic red satin corset with black boning which laced both in front and back. Her huge Fae tits, a product of her dwarven ancestry, threatened to explode out over the top at any minute, so much of her bust did the extremely sexy corset push up and out for any desirous male to gaze upon. The corset simultaneously squeezed her small waist, a product of her elven heritage, accentuating the inhumanly hourglass figure with which she lured and then pleasured so many horny young men. Tonight she had traded her usual black silk, fingerless opera gloves for a pair of black open-fingered PVC gloves, adding a more wanton look and a tight, clingy feel to her long pale arms, ending in her long, blue-glitter-on-black nails.

Below her corset, she had squeezed into a knee length black vinyl skirt. The skirt had a high slit up the back (which she had cut herself) which rose until it allowed observers just a hint of the black thong that was wedged firmly between her thick, tight ass cheeks. Beneath the skirt, Marissa had slid on a pair of black wide holed fishnet thigh high stockings, which contrasted nicely with the paleness of her shapely legs. Over the stockings, she had put on her favorite pair of black patent leather knee high platform stiletto heel boots upon which all five feet and three inches of her delectable body were sure-footedly perched. Returning her attention to the top portion of her body, she had braided a few of her thick, wavy locks into several scattered thin twists of red and gold, leaving the rest to hang unfurled halfway down her back. She had used dark eye shadow to emphasize her almond-shaped grey eyes amidst her breath-takingly beautiful, pale, vulpine face. She added nothing to her naturally glossy cinnamon brown lips or to the numerous silver and golden hoops of varying sizes which adorned her long, pointed ears. She had finished her look by adorning her head with a silver tiara.

"Tonight will be a good night, a fruitful night," she had thought to herself. "A night on which I will finally find a sexual gourmand who will please me, dominate me, and release every inhibition this close-minded human society has forced upon me..." At least, that's what she had been hoping for.

Every head had turned at the frat house when Marissa entered a new room. She was quickly surrounded by nearly thirty college boys, most openly drooling over her mostly exposed braless breasts. If Marissa had bothered with a bra, which was atypical and unnecessary for nearly all Fae, she would have had difficulty finding one to support her huge, firm, 34F tits. But Marissa was used to this kind of treatment when she went to a frat party. She and the other four Fae girls on campus were legends among the guys on campus, especially the frat boys. However, she was the only one of the five never to engage in carnal relations with multiple male guests at one of these parties. She had seen how many career possibilities and doors of opportunity had been slammed closed for these girls by a human society which misunderstood and often mistreated them. So Marissa attempted to hold herself in check. She attempted to will her hard, sensitive nipples to stop rubbing pleasurably against her corset. She attempted to mentally stop the flow of sweet ichor that was rapidly soaking her panties. She was having only marginal success.

After spending about twenty minutes on the dance floor, Marissa had ground against her favorite ten boys until five of them came in their pants. The other five she invited to sit with her in another, smaller room of the frat house. It was here that she contemplated how damnably similar all these well-built, but boring men were. Sure they were gorgeous, well-toned, and eager to fuck her. But they were all interested in talking about themselves and their football and "could they get her another drink?" I don't NEED a drink! she thought to herself. I need one of you who will fuck me for hours on end, then talk to me about something interesting, something new! All these boys know is one night stands and missionary position. I need someone whose lust has barely been plumbed, whose thoughts are totally alien to me and who will treat me the way I want to be treated....as a slut...damn it. This last thought almost brought her to tears. Marissa was after all a Fae, a wanton creature of sexual desire brimming with fertility. But she also lived in a world in which humans little understood such supernatural needs, and so she had to temper them. Thus all the boys on campus thought her a bit of a tease, a prude.....for a Fae, that is.

Marissa eventually picked a cute boy with a noticeable bulge in his jeans to take home with her...but only after she had tested each of the five finalists' kissing talents, her long pierced tongue intertwining with theirs before leaving their mouths feeling empty and useless. She never got the boy's name. As soon as they were home, she pounced, madly tugging his clothes off before yanking her skirt up, freeing her pendulous mammaries, and squatting on his meaty six and a half inches. Unfortunately, the boy was so excited by fucking the sweetest pussy he had ever known and sucking the longest nipples on the biggest tits he had ever seen, that he dispensed his load into her pussy after a mere fifteen minutes of passion. Luckily, Marissa was an easy cummer thanks to her heightened need and the fact that she was a Fae. Still, she was disappointed. She quickly took the boy in her mouth and after five minutes his thick member was at full attention thanks to her expert ministrations. He then took her missionary position for another twenty-five minutes and gave her a couple of orgasms before he pulled out and blew his load all over her large, pale breasts. She lay down next to him recovering from her orgasms. To her disappointment, she soon heard his snoring just as she was prepared to fornicate once more.

She woke up alone the next morning, happy to be so. Today was a Sunday and she would continue her search for something better. If all else failed, she'd track down last night's treat and engage him again. Deciding on change of venue and tactics, Marissa slipped into a figure-hugging black halter dress which extended to her stiletto boot clad feet, with a slit up one side. She replaced her fingerless black opera gloves, and left for the library. At the library, Marissa found few whom she cared for, other than the rather dim-witted, yet gorgeous blonde student who worked at the library. She had long admired the stupid, perky girl and today she was free to pursue whoever she wished.

With this in mind, Marissa lured the girl away from the front by asking for assistance in locating a book in a relatively deserted portion of the library. Once there, Marissa aided the girl in searching for the book, bending down a few times directly within a few feet of the blonde's face, feigning that she was searching the lower shelves. Each time she bent forward, she noticed the girl looking intently upon her mostly exposed bosom as her dress would sink downward. Each time, the girl's gaze grew more intense, her breathing more rapid as she marveled at the beauteous cleavage of this wondrous Fae creature. Inwardly deciding, Marissa stood up, offering her attenuate, black nailed hand to the blonde as she helped her to her feet.

"I can't seem to find what I'm looking for, but you seem to have found what you desire," Marissa said, smiling coyly and indicating her partially exposed chest which she pushed forward into closer proximity to the blonde. The girl flushed and attempted to avoid Marissa's gaze, but her eyes kept returning to the verdant cleavage of this attractive Fae girl.

"I'm sorry...I didn't mean to stare...your chest is just...really perfect...and I guess it's a little cold in here because..." the blonde's voice trailed off as she stared at Marissa's obviously thick and hard nipples through the dress. Noting this, Marissa pulled the halter of her dress over her head, shaking out her long, luxurious red and gold hair. She then pulled it down just enough to expose her large, engorged left nipple, her pale, glove-clad hand encircling the end of her heavy breast and teasing her bronze-colored nipple with her long dark nails.

Marissa replied, "Because my nipples are hard?" The blonde, who could only stare at such an impossibly beautiful chest, merely nodded, her eyes glazed. "This really makes them hard". Having said this, Marissa then seductively licked her full lips, exposing the door-knocker piercing through the center of her tongue before bringing her tongue down to lightly lap at her exposed nipple, which immediately turned darker and seemed to swell up even more. Witnessing this extremely inviting and sensual act, the blonde hypnotically moved forward, drawn to the delicious spectacle of such a wanton, lascivious creature pleasuring herself so openly and unabashedly. As soon as she began to draw nearer, Marissa's free hand encircled the girls neck, grasping her long mane of blond hair as she pulled her into a deep, sensual kiss, both their pierced tongues probing, playing, delighting in the textures of warm saliva, spongy flesh, and cold steel that each shared with the other.

The two beautiful girls moaned as they sucked on each other's tongues, while the blonde, Selena, grabbed and forcefully kneaded Marissa's huge breasts after freeing them from their soft black prison. Marissa meanwhile was pulling Selena's tight pink T-shirt up over her chest, urgently unclasping her tight red low-cut bra, and expertly tweaking the girl's rapidly hardening nipples which capped the sweet blonde's firm 34D's and eliciting a throatier moan. Soon Selena's mouth pried itself free of Marissa's, only to immediately begin to lather Marissa's huge pale tits in as much saliva as she could fervently muster. Marissa moaned, "Oh yes, baby...that's it...I knew you wanted these...these big, beautiful tits...show me how much you love them..." Marissa then leaned her head down to suck and bite at Selena's neck lost in passion as Selena's warm, wet, pierced tongue finally found Marissa's thick, darkened nipple. Marissa moaned loudly as the hot flesh and cold steel teased, pushed, feebly attempted to bend her rock hard nipples. The blonde then took Marissa's nipple fully into her mouth, sucking on it like a baby, still dabbing it with the pierced tip of her tongue. Marissa pulled Selena's head against her full, proud chest in ecstasy, orgasming merely from the stimulation of her breasts. She reinforced the wonderful sensation by reaching under her skirt and diddling her engorged clit as she came.

After a few minutes (which seemed like hours) of Selena's oral worship of her new lover's mountainous chest, Marissa pulled her off. "Mmmm, baby it's my turn now. I'm gonna me you feel so good for pleasuring my tits so well." Marissa led Selena over to a round, wooden table at the end of the bookshelves. She laid the excited, busty blonde on her back on the table. She then crept forward over Selena's body, her wet pierced tongue continuing to rub along the outside of her top lip like a snake waiting to strike. And strike it did, for in an instant Marissa's face was inches from her blond lover's plentiful chest and her pierced tongue was very quickly and very adroitly running back and forth across Selena's nipples, coating them in warm saliva, slightly bending them for a second before the tongue would reverse course and push from the other direction once more.

"Ohhhh fuck! Yes, yes....ooooh! I never met a....ahhh...man who could do this....so well..." As Selena said this, her voice raised as did the volume of her subsequent moans. Marissa seemed to take no notice and was completely intent upon pleasuring her new lover, despite the fact that she was in a library where many students often studied. Marissa then expertly circled Selena's hard nipples with her tongue, the sensation driving Selena crazy with lust and her moans, which were now muffled screams, were still rising in volume. When Marissa finally clamped her mouth down on each of Selena's nipples, she let out a gasping moan that was clearly too loud. Marissa used her teeth to gently nibble at the blonde's sensitive tits, eliciting shaky, rasping moans. Unbeknownst to these two lusty paramours, there was one student who WAS conducting research near the deserted area of the library in which they were pleasuring each other. He not only heard Selena's moans as Marissa fully mouthed her nipples, but he quietly got up too investigate, a rather complex text on Thaumaturgy under one arm. 

When Robert, a Thaumaturgy major, was near enough to peer around a nearby bookshelf, his eyes were greeted by the sight of the pretty, blonde library assistant laying on a table bare-chested whilst an incredibly hot, slightly Gothic looking girl eagerly lapped at her moist pussy. The red and gold-haired vision of sexual perfection had her massive tits bare as her tongue slid up and down the blonde's wet slit, making loud slurping noises as she crouched in front of the girl's cunt, tweaking her own large nipples simultaneously. Robert had never seen a girl whose entire body and being looked as though it had expressly been created to seduce and give and receive sexual pleasure...until now. She was an unholy vision of darkly perfect Gothic lust, making a play at restraint even as uncontrollable unbelievable carnal desires boiled beneath the façade. Robert's mouth gaped, his eyes stared, and his cock felt as though it would break it was so hard.

Marissa was in Arcadia (the heavenly Fae home plane). It had been too long since she had tasted a beautiful eager young slut's tasty cunt and she silently chided herself for not sucking on her roommate Deneira's snatch more often of late. Still, she would relish this young blonde's soft, wet pussy for as long as she could. Her tongue lapped at the damp, musky folds of Selena's needy pussy, teasing and gently tickling. Selena's moans were high-pitched gasps. Soon Marissa's pierced tongue was pushing between the girl's puffy lips, introducing her to an entirely new sort of pleasure as the busty Fae slut's tongue aroused sensitive areas she had not even known she had. 

Selena writhed under the ministrations of the lusty Fae, moaning throatily. "Oh baby....fucking eat my pusssssyyyYYYYYY! Fuck! Ahhhh....ahhh...Oh God yes!" Selena orgasmed...strongly. Her breathing came haltingly as she twitched and shook uncontrollably. Marissa slowed down a bit and pulled her very wet face and tongue from her human paramour and turned to pull something out of her little black purse. Selena responded despondently, "Oh please don't stop, baby, please....it's so fucking good..." She watched, uncertain, as Marissa pulled her seven inch flesh tone vibrator out of her purse, turned it on to a medium setting and began to suck on the end.

Marissa asked lustily, "Ready for some new fun, baby?" Selena's reply was a smile of relief and anticipation. Marissa returned to Selena's twat, lightly mouthing the girl's pussy while she slowly brought the tip of the vibrator to rest on the girl's clearly visible clit. Selena squealed loudly as it made contact, seeming to wake up every nerve and muscle near her vagina as it lightly buzzed against her sensitive clit. Marissa continued to lap Selena's pussy as she nuzzled the vibrator against the girl's clit even as she reached forward to tweak one of Selena's hard nipples between her black nailed thumb and fingers. "You like this baby? Does it feel good? This is just what a delicious little slut like you needs isn't it?" Selena's only response was to arch her back as she orgasmed once more, this one even stronger than the one before thanks to the triple stimulation of her vagina, clitoris, and nipples.

Marissa continued pleasuring Selena for another ten minutes or so until Selena came once more, her breathing ragged and her eyes rolled up into her head. Then Marissa stood up, fixed her dress, and put her vibrator away. She came up to where Selena's head lay, looking at her adoringly. Marissa kissed her lightly on the lips and said, "It was fun, lover. I'll let you know if I have trouble finding any books next time." Then she winked and walked away, leaving the human girl a half-conscious, but extremely satisfied pile of orgasm on the library table. As she walked past a nearby bookshelf she heard someone's muted footsteps, like they were trying not to be heard. She quickly rounded the other end of the bookshelf and nearly bumped into a rather dazed and somewhat frantic-looking young man.

He stood there quietly, not meeting her gaze, a book under his arm. "See anything you like?" she asked.

The man smiled slightly and nervously, his gaze finally reaching up to meet hers, their eyes locking. He paused for a moment, seeming suddenly lost before he hesitantly answered, "A few things..."

Marissa was taken by surprise. This man looked...different from the boys she was used to seeing. His build was fairly average, though his legs appeared solid and his arms had some definition. However, his deep grey-blue eyes regarded her with what seemed reverence and unabashed awe. His complexion was fair, his face handsome. He wore a moustache and goatee of dark brown hair which lent an air of nobility to his face. His head, neck, and back were crowned by long hair of the same color which he wore well and seemed to take care of. He wore a steel ring through his left nostril as well as a few in each of the upper portions of his ears. He also wore a runic pentacle which marked him as a follower of the old Pagan ways of pre-Christian Europe. He carried an air of the past...the idealized, dreamed past which medieval Earth and the Fae lands had once shared. This atmosphere he seemed to project, along with his gentle smile, instantly made her feel familiar and comfortable in his presence.

The two seemed lost in each other, each enraptured by the other's appearance and manner. Robert wanted nothing more than to make love to this woman right then and there, a coupling mixed with animal passion and quiet love. Marissa was simply struck by how handsome, kind, and just...different this man appeared.

Robert finally spoke, still lost in Marissa's grey eyes, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to watch anything private..."
