 "Oh, Mark, please let me open this one," Cadence begged as she skipped about with spunky energy. "Please, please, please. You've gotten to open them all so far, and I haven't gotten a single one."

"That's because I'm the leader, you dumb bitch," Mark growled as he struggled to drag a sack full of looted treasure that was easily five times his weight. "I get to open all the chests."

Mark the Adventurer, an overtly sexual barbarian, and Cadence the Healer, his spirited companion, had gone adventuring into the Caverns of Wealth, mostly out of financial desperation. Mark had wasted the last of their travelling money on a series of prostitutes and hallucinogenic mushrooms, leaving the travelling heroes without enough money to so much as rent a stable for the night. Mark inquired for work, but the nearby town of Wetspot had already been purged of all its monsters, necromancers, giant rats, and haunted lingerie-shops by other adventurers. Cadence solicited her abilities as a healer to the local hospitals, but the horny men of Wetspot were only interested in certain other 'services' from the cute blonde girl with the big, firm breasts.

So, with no other recourse except banditry (which Mark sincerely considered), or prostitution (which Cadence outright refused, as none of the men were cute enough for her standards) the intrepid pair journeyed into the Caverns of Wealth, an ancient dungeon said to be filled with endless amounts of gold and gems, all of which had been collected by a long dead wizard of the most evil nature. Despite the legendary hordes of riches within, not a soul had dared to enter the Caverns of Wealth in years, for none who did had ever returned.

And yet, Mark and Cadence soon discovered that although the stories of infinite wealth were very true, the stories of perilous danger and monsters were complete bullshit. The caverns were completely vacant, unoccupied, un-haunted, and unguarded. Within an hour Mark had collected more wealth than he could carry, enough gold to buy a castle and fill it with a harem of Dark Elf sluts, and still have enough left over for drinking. And yet, although Mark had already collected all of this, there was still more.

Finally the pair came to a small, adorable little chest of polished pink wood with a small golden locket. It was so small that it couldn't have contained more than a few gold pieces, or maybe a single piece of jewelry, but that wasn't going to stop Mark from looting it.

"Come on Mark," Cadence whined. "I wanna open this one." The petite princess bent over to pick the small chest up, revealing to Mark her adorably curvaceous posterior, which was barely covered by her ruffled skirt and thong underwear. The thin white material of her panties clung to the puffy folds of her vulva perfectly, even bumping slightly where her sensitive clit was.

The sight of Cadence's beautiful bubble butt was enough to make Mark's gigantic cock swell, not that it took much for the sex-crazed barbarian to get a boner. He had to alleviate his testicles at least four times a day if he didn't want to be sprouting twelve inches of thick wood from his crotch. The short kilt he was wearing bent upward as the front apron was lifted by his thick slut-stuffer. 

"That's my treasure, dumbass!"

SMACK!

His hand came down on the soft cheek of Cadence's ass with a thunderclap, causing the poor girl to squeak in pain. Cadence lost her balance and tumbled to the dusty ground, her thong-covered rump sticking straight in the air. Mark got behind her and wedged his mammoth member between the inviting globes of her ass, running the length of it over her puckered backdoor and sensitive vagina. Cadence whimpered and wiggled, but didn't fight back. As much of an asshole Mark was about engaging their frequent fuck-sessions, she enjoyed them just as much as he did.

"First the chest, then your ass. I'm splitting them both open." 

Mark bent down and tried to open the little chest, but the golden locket was much stronger than he would have guessed. He tried kicking it, but that just made his foot hurt. He tried smashing it against the wall, but that did nothing. Then he unsheathed the ludicrously wide-bladed claymore he had strapped to his back, a sword that was as tall as he was, and he raised it above his head. Mark had cut the cock of a Cyclops off with this sword in one swing, so there was no way the chest would be able to withstand it. 

SWOOSH!

Mark swung the heavy blade through the air, kicking up a little windstorm as his did so which almost blew Cadence's frilly clothes off.

CLANK!

He struck the chest so hard that his body lifted off of the ground at the recoil. A cloud of dust exploded around the adventurers, causing poor Cadence to have a coughing fit. But when it cleared, the chest was still there, completely undamaged, even though the solid stone floor it rested on was broken to smithereens. 

"Wow," Cadence said. "That's one tough little chest."

"What the fuck is up with this thing?" Mark asked rhetorically as he paced around the tiny chest. "This thing's just gotta have something super magical inside. How else would it have survived my attack."

Mark squatted down to give the pink box a closer inspection, his semi-erect cock hovering mere inches above the chest's little lid. Mark narrowed his eyes as he studied the cute but simple chest, and as he did so, he saw something strange happen. Two little purple eyes appeared on the chest, and they looked up at the barbarian with a curious expression.

Mark blinked at the chest in surprise.

The chest blinked at Mark.

Mark blinked at the chest in confusion.

The chest blinked back at Mark.

Mark blinked at the chest in frustration.

The chest smiled at Mark. Its mouth was filled with some very sharp looking teeth.

CHOMP!

"Holy fucking shit!" Mark screamed. "Ass-fucking-monkey-cocked-whore-I'll-rape-a-nun!" He wailed nonsense as he experienced the greatest, most humiliating pain in his life.

The living chest had opened up and slammed shut, right on the head of his penis. The chest was biting down on his cock.

Mark fell on his back and rolled from side to side, crying and whimpering like a little boy who had just gotten kicked in the nuts by a girl for the first time.

As soon as Cadence realized what was going on she started to giggle. She bit her tongue, but there was no stopping it. She erupted into laughter.

"Hahaha!" she laughed so hard that tears formed in her big blue eyes, and her bouncing young breasts almost popped out of her tight bbodice. "On second thought Mark, you go ahead and take that one. Boohahaha!"

"Cadence! Help! Please!" Mark was sobbing so hard that snot was running down his nostrils. "It's biting my cock, Cadence! My fucking cock!"

Cadence was still laughing. She actually started to pee herself a little. "I can't believe I've never thought of that! Hahaha! I get so sick of giving you blowjobs every morning!"

"Cadence! Please! Get this thing off and I'll never force you to suck my cock again!" He pleaded. Begged.

Cadences stopped laughing. Suddenly she realized that she was in charge.

STOMP!

Mark winced in pain as Cadence slammed her ruby slipper on the chest, planting her foot on his cock-tip like an explorer claiming on island. The pain from the pressure was made all the worse because he had a perfect view of her wet panties, and that made his cock stiffen.

"What else will you give me?" she smirked.

"Cadence . . . (sobbing) . . . please."

"How about you perform oral sex on me once in a while," she suggested in a way that was obviously not a suggestion. 

". . . anything you want . . ."

"And not like you usually do. You always tongue-fuck me so hard I pass out. I want you to be more gentle. Just tease the clit. Tease it. Use little nips and stuff. Sometimes a girl wants a good fuck without being completely destroyed, you know."

". . . oh goddess . . . please . . ."

"Although I do like getting my brains fucked out once in a while, but not every night, you know. I mean, do I want to have sex every day? Kinda, actually, yeah, but not when I'm on my period of course. I love a good sex-coma, but I want to know when it's going to happen. I don't like being blindsided by your massive dong while we're walking through the woods, or a dungeon, or while we're in town. I mean, it's like, I'm walking, and then, 'BAM!', there's twelve inches of cock up my ass. I want some ambience, some comfortable pillows and stuff. It would be nice if we lit some candles and drank some wine before you start rearranging my organs with this giant pussy-popper of yours. And another thing . . ." 

Mark had not been listening to a word that Cadence was saying, he was in too much pain to think of anything other than the iron mouth clamping down on his now swollen cockhead. He desperately began reaching for something to kill the little monster with. His giant claymore was right there, but he needed both hands and his full strength just to lift it. So, he reached into his gargantuan sack of loot and started rummaging for something to use as a weapon. He remembered there had been some bejeweled daggers and things like that in the sack somewhere.

He pulled something out, and was dismayed to see that it was just a golden dildo. There had actually been a surprising number of expensive sex-toys in the dungeon.

But relief! Something happened. The little chest popped off his cock and flew through the air like a big, pink bumblebee. Cadence was thrown off and she bounce against the ground on her cushiony ass.

The little chest attacked the golden dildo, swallowing it whole, and almost taking off Mark's hand in the possess. Mark rolled away and crawled to the other side of the room like a beaten child. He watched in horror as the chest licked its metal lips with a long, pink tongue, and then dove into his giant sack of loot. 

MUNCH! MUNCH! MUNCH!

"Hey," Cadence whined. "What's it doing?"

"I think . . . I think its eating all my treasure!" Mark realized, crying in outrage.

Sure enough the sack began to shrink like a balloon with a leak, and pretty soon it was totally flat and empty. A loud belching noise came from inside, indicating that the gluttonous little monster had finished its meal. The thing crawled out of the sack, much larger than it had been before, and in a much different shape.

"Holy Luxuria, Goddess of Sex," Mark cursed.

The thing that emerged from the empty sack was not a chest, but a nubile young woman who was completely naked. Her skin was a cute pinkish color, and her long, messy hair was bright gold. Her body and limbs were slender, almost gangly, and she had very small underdeveloped breasts. Her big purple eyes blinked happily as she licked her lips.

Mark was still crying, both from the pain in his penis and from the heartbreak of losing all that wealth. 

"You . . . you . . . you fucking bitch! I'm going to murder you!" Mark screamed as he reached for his massive claymore, which he quickly swung through the air in a wide arc. The force of the swing was enough to cause another small windstorm in the tiny underground passage, and he attacked the pink girl with all his immense strength.

CLANK!

The pink girl laughed in an alien, musical voice as she reached up with a small, dainty hand and caught the heavy blade, stopping it instantly. Mark could only gape in horror. This skinny slut had just stopped a blow strong enough to kill a ogre.

She smiled, revealing a row of sharp teeth, and then she took a huge bite into the blade, eating it as if it were candy.

"Hey," Mark whined, as his favorite weapon of the last several weeks was pulled from his hands and devoured. As angry as he was, he couldn't help but notice that as the monster-girl ate she began to develop. She grew a little taller, a little curvier, and her light pink nipples grew a little darker as her breasts swelled. She moaned happily, and even her voice was deeper.

"Mark!" Cadence yelled. "I think I know what this monster is. She's a-"

But then the pink bitch opened her mouth and inhaled deeply, causing a huge suction of wind to blow inward. She was sucking them both in. Mark grabbed at a crack in the ground, and Cadence held on to an old stone column, but the wind was enough to tear all of their clothes off. The monster swallowed Mark's kilt, his leather belt, and the few scraps of armor her wore. She devoured Cadence's frilly skirt, tight bodice, ruby slippers, red riding-hood, and even her pussy-soaked thong. 

Finally the monster stopped, which caused Mark and Cadence to fall to the floor, totally naked. The monster laughed in its weird voice, and then flew down the hall at lightning speed, devouring every piece of treasure it found on the way.

"Damn it!" Mark cursed. "That hungry bitch is going to eat all the treasure in this place. We have to stop her!"

"Mark, wait," Cadence said as she vainly tried to cover her naked body with her little hands. "I know what that monster is. It's called a Mimic. It eats treasure and then uses it to lure adventurers to their deaths."

"Well it didn't eat us," Mark argued. He didn't even bother to cover his huge, swinging pipe. He was naked most of the time anyway.

"It's still too weak to digest meat. Once it gets enough treasure though it'll be fully developed, and then it'll come after us. We should run away while we have the chance."

"Run back to town completely naked and without any treasure? Not a chance in fucking hell!" Mark grabbed Cadence by her wrist and pulled her after the Mimic. "I'm not letting that bitch swallow all my treasure. We'll just have to kill her before she finishes maturing."

#####

The naked heroes came to a large room they hadn't discovered before. A thousand treasure chests filled the room, and every single one of them had been smashed open and emptied. Here and there sparkled a few copper pennies, but all the rest of the massive horde had been completely devoured. 

The Mimic could be heard within the rubble, moaning softly as if it were in pain. It sounded as though she was suffering from indigestion.

"You fucking skinny bitch!" Mark screamed, and it echoed in the emptied room. "Get the fuck out here so I can rip your little tits off!"

"Mark," Cadence trembled from fear and cold. "Don't provoke it."

But it was too late. From the piles of empty chests emerged a tall, curvaceous woman with the most pornographic profile imaginable. Her messy golden hair was so long it reached the floor. Her breasts were the size of big, juicy watermelons, and her ass was so big and inviting that both Mark and Cadence wanted to just dive into it. 

The Mimic turned to the two adventurers, licking her lips and rubbing her stomach. Her pussy was so swollen and ripe that it was literally dripping on the floor. And she stank too. Her body was giving off pheromones so thick that it made Mark dizzy just to breathe the air.

"Watch out Mark," Cadence warned. "She looks hungry."

But Mark didn't back down. He pumped his muscular chest and stood with his big cock sticking out arrogantly from his shredded waist.

"Come and get it, bitch."

The Mimic screamed, her huge tits jiggling, and she flew into the air. She came down trying to bite Mark's head off, but his rock-hard fist caught her chin in a brutal uppercut.

SMACK!

He followed up with a strong punch to her stomach.

THUD!

The Mimic went rolling across the floor, clutching its stomach in pain. She coughed, and a few gold coins popped out of her mouth.

"That's it!" Mark realized. "We just have to beat the gold out of her!"

He leapt in the air and came down with a flying-punch, aiming right for her gut. She rolled out of way in time and Mark's fist hit the stone ground, shattering it as if his fist had been a sledgehammer. 

She came back with a spinning kick that sent Mark rolling across the ground, but he got back up and delivered a gut-busting barrage of punches to her stomach, pussy, and tits, making her utters bounce around like punching-bags. At the end he delivered one devastating sock right into her belly-button, causing her to lean over and heave in pain, her big tits resting on his shoulder. This time a pile of gold coins spilled from her mouth, and a few gems popped out of her cunt as well. She still wasn't finished though, and the two warriors continued to trade blow for blow.

"Cadence," Mark called, "get some of your magic ready. I want to finish this bitch but she moves around too much."

"Got it!" Cadence took a deep breath and stood up straight. She started to recite a magical chant that sounded like a song, and as she song her body began to glow. Pure white light shimmered in her eyes, across her breasts, and even glowed from her pussy. The magic she summoned was pure divine energy, the source of all life in the universe, which had the unfortunate side effect of making a young fertile woman like Cadence extremely horny. She wanted to finger herself so badly that her legs shook, but if she did the spell would be interrupted. This was the mark of a true mage, having the ability to resist the urge to masterbate.

She put her hands up as if she were holding a bow, and one was made out of pure whit energy. She pulled one hand back, and an arrow was formed, made of her condensed sexual energy and joyful thoughts. Images of bunnies, flowers, and Mark's giant cock dripping with her cum flashed in her mind.

"Mark!" she screamed. "Now!"

Mark then fell to his knees and shot one punch that hit directly on target: the Mimic's dripping cunt. 

SMACK!

His fist landed with a wet wallop, causing the Mimic to be paralyzed by one moment of indescribable feminine pain, and yet, her hyper-sensitive nerve-endings were so easily stimulated that at the same time she gasped in pain, she also experience a powerful orgasm. The pleasure was just as paralyzing as the pain was.

ZAP!

Cadence's magical arrow struck her right between the tits. Jolts of uncontrollable sexual energy shot around the Mimi's body, causing her to experience a hundred mind-blowing orgasms in the span of a few seconds. Her pussy practically exploded as a flood of wet treasure poured out of her, rapidly filling the room with gold coins, gemstones, and even entire suits of armor. As the monster screamed her head off and unloaded her insides, she began to deflate. Her breasts grew smaller, her hair grew shorter, and her nipples began to grow lighter and lighter, until they were just a shade darker than her soft pink skin.

When it was over the Mimic collapsed to the ground, reduced to a gangly 18 year old girl with no tits to speak of. Her purple eyes were blank, her tongue hung out the side of her mouth, and despite that fact that she was still twitching from the aftershocks of her orgasms, she was unable to move.

Cadence ran up to Mark and jumped into his strong arms, mashing her soft breasts into his rock-wall of a chest. She wrapped her legs around his powerful waist as the exchanged a passionate, tongue-filled kiss that was so sloppy they began to drool on each other's chests. 

"Oh Mark," Cadence cooed. "We did it. We defeated the monster and got all the treasure back. It's moments like this that remind me why I love you so much."

He smiled. "And it's moments like this that I don't regret having kidnapped you."

Cadence groaned angrily. Mark sure did know how to ruin a moment. She pushed off his chest and went searching for their clothes amongst all the wet, smelly treasure. Mark laughed and swam around in the gold like some kind of debauched leprechaun.

"Hey," Mark said. "Were do you think you're going, cutie?"

He was talking to the Mimic. She was pathetically trying to crawl away, but her arms and legs were so shaky that she could barely move two feet before falling down on her flat chest.
