 No matter how advanced a technology is it WILL fail. It is a lesson we often forget in the Twenty Sixth century. Despite the fact that humans have colonized dozens of worlds and flung ourself out to halfway across the Milky Way, things can and do go wrong. I really have to admire our engineers and scientists. Even though there is more traffic between the worlds in a single month than all aviation traffic of Twenty First century earth experienced in a year, we have far fewer accidents and failures. It is easy for us to get complacent.

I admit that I was in a complacent mood as my wife and I traveled on Orion Spaceways flight 432. My company had assigned me to Rigel 4 to open our new branch office. Even with instant telepresecence and the galaxy wide web, nothing could beat boots on the ground. When you were investing billions and sometimes trillions you wanted to shake hands with someone at the end of the deal. A nod and a wave from one screen to another was not enough. Not even a hologram could replace the practicality and universality of a firm handclasp. A physical plant also announced to the local economy that their planet had arrived and was an equal to Earth, Mars, Centari 5 and all of the other planets that grab the headlines on the galactic news. 

Melody and I have been married for three years. Oh I know that marriage is so passe. It may be a moribund institution but Melody and I liked dwelling in it. Melody and myself are hopeless romantics. We even had a public ceremony and exchanged rings like our great great parents did. It was fun and a great way to start a conversation with strangers. Most of the folks we encounter have never met a married couple before. Legal pair bonding may be the way the world does it today but we could learn something from the ancients. For example monogamy is NOT a dirty word.

I had no problem promising to be faithful to Melody. She is 167.64 centimeters tall and every gram of her 49 kilograms is to die for. Long black hair and sparkling blue eyes. Wonderful cheekbones amazing tits and legs that seem to go on forever. Melody thinks I'm pretty good to look at as well. Most women and quite a few guys seem to agree with her. Personally I LOVE it whenever I catch some fellow or female eying my wife. It reminds me that I am not alone in admiring her charms and that I should be ever vigilant to make sure that I treat her like the goddess she is so that no one steals her away from me. 

Melody's place of employment also had an office on Rigel 4 and they would be happy to have her join their operation in the same city where I would be headquartered. We could not have planned it it any better. We sold nearly all of our possessions on our home world., sent ahead the few sentimental and practical things we wanted to keep and settled into the snug life of a space liner. My company had splurged by buying us a private cabin. It saved our lives when the incident occurred. 

Melody and I were relaxing over a cup of tea. I remember the conversation well. Melody and I were both getting a bit horny. I had just taken a long look at the fold down bunk when warning sirens rang so loud they practically deafened us. I saw the emergency bulkheads to our cabin slam shut and then I felt the cabin jettison itself into space. As the cabin somersaulted through space, bouncing Melody and I off its walls I caught one glimpse, out of the porthole, of Orion Spaceways 432 breaking up.

I've read the Galactic Transportation Board's report of the incident. I know now that we hit an errant bit of debris, the exact nature of which remains in dispute, that had not been properly charted. We we also for reasons that no once can fathom, light years off course. Human error is the most probable cause. That was no comfort to us as our cabin turned into a lifeboat. It was programmed to find us the nearest class M planet with a breathable atmosphere. There are no internal controls neither Melody or myself could have piloted a spaceship in any case. It transmitted a constant distress signal and location coordinates. We were at our lifeboat's mercy and cold logical artificial intelligence.

In a few moments the cabin/lifeboat stabilized and we felt the steady thrush of its small but tough engines. We hugged and told each other how much we loved each other. Melody and I knew that the life raft was designed for no more than two weeks of use. If it did not find a suitable planet in that time its life support system would fail and we would suffocate. The prospect of such a ghastly demise filled us both with fear. At the same time there was little worrying could do to save us. Panicked, we'd just up our air more quickly. Amazingly after a few days we settled into a routine. Both of us were asleep when we heard the descent alarms. Our lifeboat landed with more bang than we expected and the hatch blew open upon impact.

The sweet air smelled heavenly, of flowers and warmth. My wife and I gazed out the hatch, The land was lush and green. We were in a clearing amidst towering trees. The sound of insects, birds and other animals were carried by the warm breeze to our delighted ears. Melody and I kissed deeply and passionately. We were saved! Now all we had to do was sit tight in our little nest until the Coast Guard sent someone out to pick us up. Melody pointed out that could be weeks or months away but I countered that our lifeboat could recycle our urine for much longer than that and if we ran out of food there were bound to be fruit tress and vegetables we could eat. Both of us carried portables loaded with data. But most of that was useless since we had no idea where we were. 

If things had gone according to plan Melody and I would have spent our days waiting for rescue, a bit bored perhaps and with a limited menu but safe and healthy. It was dawn the next morning when Melody first espied them. They were taller than Melody and nearly as tall as myself. They were quite handsome humanoids. Two eyes, four limbs, smooth skin, pitch black hair but they were red! Red like and ancient fire truck or a modern traffic light. They wore bits of leather and cloth around their pelvises. Their language consisted of grunts and whistles. There were twenty of them and they all carried primitive stone weapons. (At this point I would like to lodge a formal protest against the GTB's "no weapons" policy.) They all seemed very excited to see us. Our choices seemed to be a battle we were sure to lose or cooperation that would save our lives. We chose the latter course of action. 

As excited as they seemed to be to see me, they seemed doubly impressed with Melody. At the tip of flint stone points my wife and I were marched some kilometers through thick jungle to their village. We were not permitted to bring anything with us, The village stood on the banks of a river. The houses were cylindrical made of grass and wood and raised off the ground. It was then that I realized that the twenty who had captured us were all males. The females were Melody's height and weight. They were more compact than the males and their hair was longer, they were topless and the male in me noted that their breasts were very fine indeed. Like the males they wore a strip of cloth about, what I assumed were their private parts.

Under her breath Melody said to me. "I do hope that we are not meant to be dinner tonight." 

I nodded in agreement

Our of the large central dwelling came a feather bedecked bruiser whom I could only assume was the chief. He was taller and fatter than any of the other men in the village. There was some excited conversation between the chief and the soldiers. The women and children all stopped their various activities and gathered around to watch. From inside the chief's hut came several females and children.

We were led to the base of the chief's dwelling and he regally stepped down the ladder to get a better view of us. He sniffed us head to toe, ran his hands over our bodies. He seemed puzzled at first by our clothing. Then he issued an order and Melody and I were mobbed. A group of males surrounded melody and I was surrounded by a far larger group of females. Before Melody or I had time to react, stone knives and blades began slicing away our clothing. I heard Melody scream with fear and then calm when she realized it was just her clothes they were after. With ruthless efficiency the tribe stripped us.

Naked the two of us were led beck before the chief. Melody turned red with embarrassment. That did not go unnoticed by the chief. The chief paid especially careful attention to naked Melody. He felt her breasts and inserted one of the three digits on his hand aside from his thumb into Melody's pussy. The chief smiled and then signaled for one of his wives to examine me. She was meticulous, examining all parts of me. She seemed fascinated with my penis, especially my foreskin. She made a move to take me into her mouth. Whether from her repeated gentle stroking or fear, or some combination of the above, I became erect. It didn't hurt that the inside of her mouth felt very good indeed. Although her eye was not human I felt certain that I had detected delight in hers. 

The chief then shouted some commands and removed his loincloth as did all the adult members of the tribe. The chief's phallus blew my mind. It was obviously prehensiled like an Opossum's tail. Once it was erect it seemed to move with its own volition. The women had neat little holes that appeared to be just the right size for the chief's or and of the other male's penises. Abstractly I realized that my own penis would fit in there as well. 

The chief made a step toward my wife. I raised an objection but the chief gave me a withering look in response. I did not have to understand his language to know that further objections would be hazardous to my health.

"Melody." I said, "Whatever happens, don't resist. I don't think they mean to hurt us If we object it is death."

"I understand Honey." Were her only words before the chief was embracing her. I got no further view because the group of women swarmed me. The chief's wife resumed her fellating me. Let me tell you something about this species' tongue. It is longer than a humans and has a bit of a rough surface. Like that of a domestic cat. Around and over my penis it felt wonderful. Suddenly I realized that I was in some sort of primitive fertility ritual. I was forced to the ground and the chief's wife mounted me. Inside she felt wonderful. The inside of her vagina, for lack of a better word, wrapped itself about my manhood. Gently the, not unattractive, creature rocked itself to what was obviously an orgasm. She chirped like a tropical bird. It was delightful. Not far away I heard the unmistakable sound of one of Melody's orgasms. 

The females practically fought over who got to fuck me next. Apparently there was a protocol but none of them wanted to follow it. I lost track of how many times I was mounted and sucked. The cute little aliens also sat on my face and really seemed to enjoy my tongue. I simply imagined that they were human and tried to please each one in turn. From time to time I would think of Melody and sometimes call her name. She never answered back. I was thoroughly drained hours later when the party broke up. For the first time since the ritual had begun I saw my wife. There was a glow about her. She was not the battered frightened mess that had haunted the back of my mind. 

She sat up, looked at me and shrugged. Our captors led us to an empty dwelling. Several men bathed Melody and several women bathed me. We were left with several bowls of fruit, some bread and water. There were sleeping mats and pillows. Armed guards stood before the door. With nothing else to do Melody and I made ourselves comfortable. As we ate Melody told her story.

"Oh John, at first I was so scared I had visions of rape and death but somehow I deduced that the chief, I guess that's who his is, did not mean to harm me but wanted to give me pleasure. I'll admit that I was NOT in the mood but I knew better than to resist. Then his penis went to work ..."

Melody broke off at that point, bliss obvious on her face.

"John I don't mean this to wound you or humiliate you but I have NEVER been fucked like that before. Their penises, they can move around and elongate inside me. Every possible part of me that could be pleasured was pleasured. Whatever fear I had was lost on the throes of orgasms like I've never had before. And their tongues on my pussy! After the chief took me each of his men took me. They didn't force me, but I started sucking cock as well. They seemed to enjoy that just as much Please don't hate me for enjoying it John." 

I looked at Melody, her eyes sparkling. I took in every inch of her spectacular naked form. I realized that I did not begrudge her one moment of pleasure. Not even the sight of the greenish goo the males ejaculate leaking out of her pussy could alter my mood. I told her that I loved her and kissed her deeply. I confessed my own infidelities and admitted that I had enjoyed virtually every minute of the female creatures ministrations as much. 

"Well." said Melody when I had finished talking, "Our experiment with monogamy certainly ended in a way neither of us expected."

Melody laughed and said, "At least I didn't lose you to that ice princess, that blonde, Amanda, who shared your office and obviously had the hots for you.I really can't be jealous of an alien now can I?"

I nodded in agreement and then Melody said, "I wonder what they have in store for us tomorrow. More of the same I hope."

She looked at me mischievously and said, "You hope so too, you horn dog!" 

Even though we were as completely spent as one couple could be we made love one more time that night. It may have been our best time ever.