 This is a tale of science fiction I wrote a few months ago. It doesn't have a main character, it is composed of little scenes telling the story of the sexy invasion of earth by the Amazon Vampires from Mars. It takes place in the near future after a terrible war has changed the face of the world as we know it.

It's one of my first published works. I hope you like it.

Comments are appreciated of course...

***

JUNE 26TH 2046, former UN building, Geneva, Switzerland, Earth

Professor Emma Farnsworth, Operations General Director of the WASA (World Aeronautics and Space Administration), had been up all night preparing her big speech after the data sent by the MARS One Team had been confirmed. When the Spacecraft had left Earth orbit 26 months before, everybody was really excited about it but no one ever expected them to make this kind of discovery.

The main room of the United European, Pan-American and Asian States, UEPAS for short, parliament was crawling with the most preeminent journalists, politicians and scientists.

Her PA was finishing her introductory speech

"Under the patronage of the newly formed government of the UEPAS, we started working on the first inhabited flight to Mars both as a way to solve the energy crisis and to inspire a new hope in the population of our war torn planet. After months of preparation, in March 2044, the craft MARS One left Earth orbit crewed with a woman only panel of the brightest and more resilient scientists of our age... Three days ago they attained orbit and the day after a four woman expedition team landed on the surface. I leave the stand to Professor Emma Farnsworth my distinguished colleague to comment on the strange revelation we got in their last transmission."

That was her queue, she was more nervous than she'd ever been.

"Ladies and Gentleman," she started.

"Mars has been under our close scrutiny for the last century and a half and we've always thought of it as a small barren planet." She paused for effect. "Well ladies and gentleman, last night we have been proven wrong. Mars is in fact..." she paused for effect, again, "...inhabited."

The turmoil in the assembly took at least twenty minutes to calm down before she could resume he speech and answer the many questions that followed.

***

JUNE 25TH 2046, MARS ONE spacecraft, orbiting Mars

When Captain Sarah Fry, commander of the WASA mission MARS One, entered the bridge of the spaceship, Sergeant Lihua Hien, her second in command and co-pilot, turned to greet her with a smile.

"We just got word from the surface, Captain; apparently they have been able to establish communication with the Amazons."

"Two questions: Amazons? And how the fuck did they manage that?"

"That's what they've started calling them, the delegations was only composed of female specimens and they look pretty fierce."

"Ah... terrible name if you ask me, anyway go on."

"Yeah, well the Ama... the locals have apparently some sort of telepathic ability and they have learned English overnight from the girls down there."

"Fuck me Sergeant, that's something else. But we'll come back to this later. I have this report to make for WASA command and I want you to walk me through it so I have the best image of the situation. What do we know so far about them?"

"So far not much, most of it is speculation. So in appearance they're pretty close to us except for their pointy ears, extremely pale skin and over developed fangs. Oddly they are extremely beautiful according to Earth's standards."

"I would leave that out of the report, this is too subjective, go on Sergeant."

"Apparently the Ama... locals have a nocturnal life, that's probably due to the absence of atmosphere on the planet making direct sunlight much more dangerous than on Earth. During day they hide underground. That would explain why we never even had a glimpse of their existence."

"Okay so what happened exactly yesterday?"

"As you already know, the crew was contacted at sundown yesterday night by a delegation of the Ama...Locals..."

"Amazons, okay we'll stick with the name for now. I still think it's a crappy name."

Coming from a traditional Beijing family, Lihua was always shocked by the captain's rough language but over the last two years she had grown used to it.

"So they made contact at sundown with Mars lander One. The girls inside first freaked out but they came around and, in breach of all protocols allowed one of the members of the delegation inside the airlock. The creature didn't seem affected by our atmosphere. Primary observations indicate that they don't need to breath. Apparently Major Pelletier had a minor in linguistics and she tried to communicate with the being but it didn't seem to go anywhere as it stayed silent for eight hours. The rest of the delegation is still outside the craft patiently waiting."

"And they started communicating when exactly?"

"Just an hour ago..."

***

JUNE 24th Mars Lander One, Mars surface

The last rays of the sun had disappeared over the alien horizon twenty minutes ago, Major Pelletier, Astrophysics Ph D., had just gone through her checklist when she heard a knocking sound against the hull of the module. At first she thought it was a rock that had been lifted by the wind in the low gravity environment and thrown against them but then it came again, a clear knock on the hull and powerful at that. She rushed at the console to check the monitors and she saw them.

"It's impossible," she said out loud for herself as the rest of the crew was resting another part of the module.

She had to be hallucinating, oxygen deprivation or something, she checked her personal health monitor but everything seemed normal. She looked out the module window and they were still there. A group of six magnificent women standing in the freezing void of mars surface looking at her and smiling. She reached for her comm.-link and screamed. Despite her military training and years of active duty on all the fronts of World War III, for a moment, she lost her mind. The implications were too immense for her to cope with.

Major Stefani Mappus, Doctor Daniela Ortega and Doctor Julia Armena rushed in.

When Major Pelletier recovered her senses she was laying in one of the bunks that occupied the rear room of the Mars Module. Her three colleagues were staring at her.

"Calm down, Sophie, you have to calm down," Stefani was telling her with her delicious German accent. The peace in her lover's eyes actually had an appeasing effect on her crushed nerves. But the effect didn't last for long as behind her companions was a fourth figure. She started screaming and fainted again.

Doctor Ortega's voice woke her for the second time.

"Lihua, this is Mars lander one, come in. Over."

"Lihua here, any break through with our guest? Over."

"None so far. Sophie is still trying to communicate but nothing the creature is sitting in the airlock staring at us through the window. Over."

"Be careful girls, we are in total alien territory here. Literally. Over."

"They don't seem hostile so far and we've taken all precautionary measures. Over."

"Yeah right, when we get back to Earth you will all be in so much trouble for having opened that airlock. Over."

"Don't worry they really are peaceful. I'm sending the pictures the captain requested right now and I'll report back in an hour or before if we get any breakthrough. Over and out."

Her eyes still closed, trying to make sense of what she had just heard, Sophie felt a presence by her side. A cold hand stroked her forehead. She startled but soon a calming sensation overwhelmed her. She kept her eyes closed.

A soothing and strangely exciting voice invaded her mind.

" Don't be afraid, little sister, we are the Amazónes," the word came with a strange Mediterranean pronunciation, "we have been waiting for you, we have been waiting for you a long time, but time is nothing to us, and we knew you'd come eventually."

Another icy hand gently unzipped her uniform and started fondling her breasts.

"When we left the Bloodland," an image of Earth pooped in her mind, "we were too few and you were aware of us, of our weaknesses. But now that you have forgotten us we can come back, take who we find worthy of our majesty and rule the rest as the masters we rightfully are... Rule for eternity in lust and blood."

The hand on her breast lowered down her stomach over to her wet pussy. The tone of the voice changed, it became more authoritarian, more confident.

"Now open yourself so I can enjoy your flesh and learn everything you know. Don't worry, you are the first, many will follow and you'll be there to enjoy them by our side, as our sister..."

Sophie started to cry as she felt the cold and wet lips rub against her neck. The sensation was both terrifying and hugely enticing and when the fangs broke the skin she was overwhelmed by an orgasm of cosmic proportions. She then opened up to her new master in anticipation of the pleasures of her new life.

***

DECEMBER 11th 2048, Professor Farnsworth's personal module, ISS, Earth orbit

"Dear fellow UEPASans..."

The face of the man speaking in the Newscreen was old and tired, yet the Chairman President of the UEPAS seemed happy.

"Two years ago, a team of the most courageous women on this planet made contact with the first extraterrestrial civilization our young race has ever encountered. We've now all seen the picture of the intriguing but yet so familiar alien ambassadors, we have all been invited to virtually tour their beautiful underground cities, many of us have benefitted from the amazing technologies they've agreed to share with us and tomorrow, as you all know, we get to meet them.

I wish to reassure all of you that might be scared by such an event that I might have felt the same in the beginning but I must assure that so far they have shown nothing but kindness to us. I wish to reassure you as well that if by any chance they are deceiving us, that if by any chance they are anything but candid toward us, we have the means to retaliate. We are the ones who got to them and not the other way around. But enough of this warmongering speech. To paraphrase a famous American from the last century: this is small step for them and a big leap for us."

Emma was tired too and felt really old. The last two years and a half had been the most intense of her carrier. After the revelation of the first encounter with the "Amazons" as they were called now, she had been appointed to the newly created title of minister of "Space, Xenodiplomacy and Near Earth Orbit Habitats" a mouthful for a job not so different from her previous one except for the constant harassment from the press. She had grown distant from her daughter that was now studying arts in some university back in the Mega-Conurbation of Boston-New York-Washington-Miami.

She casted aside her personal melancholy to come back to the task at hand. Although she shared the happiness of the president, with whom she shared little more, she was a bit worried. It wasn't because of the sergeant Lihua Hien tragic death a few days after FC (First Contact), which had clearly been dispatched as a sad but mundane suicide. It was an evasive feeling. She couldn't pinpoint any exact event that had triggered it.

But the many breaches of basic protocol, a few odd conversations she had trough the hypernet with the crew and the aliens on-board and some strange readings in the data transmitted from the ship had troubled her. Thinking about it made her even more uneasy so she went back to preparing the arrival of the MARS One Spacecraft, scheduled to dock at the ISS in less than 12 hours.

***

SEPTEMBER 26th 2046, Royal Palace Neo Smyrna, Mars underground

Her Royal Highness, Aegea the last, leaned back on her throne as her slave pleasured her. This helped her to think and this little Athena was really good with her tongue. She had a way of focusing her mind on her task so that her goddess could focus on the rest.

A couple of thousand years ago she would have made a great addition to the Amazon Nation but the inbreeding of the slave race had made them simple minded and slow and therefore not fit of the honor. As a sign of mockery, the Nations' proud women had started naming the slaves' children after the old gods.

Even if the Amazons were immortal and nearly indestructible, many things could happen over the course of the millennia. Of the original 5000 that had left Bloodland on the day of the great exodus only a few hundred survived and the newest additions to the nation were just good enough to guard the blood farms and revel in the most sordid orgies of the slums of her realm. This decadence had made her sad.

She had kept an eye on the land that had seen her birth.

Athena's tongue had found her way to Aegea's ass.

Two centuries ago she had felt hope again. After a thousand years of obscurantism small lights had started appearing on the surface of the globe. This was the sign of bigger cities, the sign of nascent civilization and improving science. And science would eventually bring the cattle back to the Nation.

But it had taken longer than expected, probably the mortality of men had slowed them down, the obligation of passing the knowledge and the time lost learning it wasn't a burden the Nation's scientists had to carry. They had the theory but not the means. 5000 Amazons and 25 000 slaves weren't good enough to re-accomplish the exploit of the great exodus.

To her more impatient sisters she had told:

"Let them come to us, if they come to us we will look weak in their eyes and this will open the path for our bright destiny."

Two fingers in her mistress' cunt and one in her ass, Athena was sucking desperately on the button of love. Aegea moaned.

She had felt fear and desperation again, when 25 years ago; the bloodland had been lit with the lights of hundreds of tiny suns. Atom bombs were exploding in many lands, uncountable humans were dying - so much blood lost for futile reasons - and she had thought that it was the end for her Nation. But Man had proven resourceful and here they were at her doorstep accomplishing her prophecy.

The first step of her plan had unraveled perfectly and she was amazed by the wit and intelligence of the untainted cattle. Two of them had been brought to her on the first days after the landing and they had proven excellent entertainers before joining the ranks of her returning army. The great boat in the sky had proven a bit more difficult to take but this was war and she knew how to wage it, as she was the Queen of the Amazons, The Queen of the Warrior Women from Mars.

Her thoughts had built up with her orgasm. Controlling her erratic pelvis movements, she sniffed the air. The scent of pleasure was in the air but not only her own. Apparently little Athena had enjoyed herself as well. As she had told her followers, restraint was no longer necessary. Athena's artery was ripped and Aegea abandoned herself to the kill.

She was so impatient to climb on the boat of the stars and sail back to the bloodland.

***

JUNE 26TH 2046, MARS ONE spacecraft, orbiting Mars

The massive shadow of MARS One obscured the tiny window at the front of Mars Lander One.

"Ready for docking, engaging clamps... done. Pressurizing airlock... done. MARS one, Mars Lander One is back home. Over."

While docking the module, Sophie was unable to think about anything else but the hunt to come. The complex operation that would have taken her full concentration just 48 hours before was now as simple as riding a bicycle. This would have amazed Sophie if she hadn't had anything but bloodlust in her mind.

When she had awaken, Daniela and Julia had been taken to the queen and Stefani had already been drained. Ah Stefani, sweet Stefani, now pleasuring herself under the amused gaze of the 3 amazons that had accompanied them on this trip, she had become her lover on the way from Earth and they would stay together for eternity now.

"Mars Lander One, the airlock is pressurized, I confirm, I'm really looking forward to have a closer look at the samples you brought back. Over"

"Oh my dear Doctor Anastasia Gryslov, you and the remaining 16 other delicious members of our crew will, and sooner than you expect" Sophie thought.

"We're coming through. Daniela and Julia are staying back in the module to finish testing some samples, but don't worry doctor, I have exactly what you want with me. Over and out," she said out loud.

Passing for humans, being able to hide both the fangs and the pointy ears, had been one of the most feared abilities of the Amazons back on Earth. After three millennia here on Mars most of the Amazon Nation had forgotten how to do it. Most but not all and Sophie's maker, Areto had been one of the rare few that remembered how. The ability had become naturally to Sophie as Amazon share this kind of knowledge with their progeny. As for the other amazons who were going to join them in the trip they would have 2 full years to learn again what they had forgotten.

"Welcome back Major, you can't imagine the fuck storm you just created back on Earth, Farnsworth has been all over my ass since this morning. Now she's your fucking problem."

Sophie smiled as she saluted her captain.

"We'll be all over your ass soon too," she thought.

But not yet, that wasn't the plan and she had to comply with the plan, her sisters had demanded it. The plan was to first cut all communications with Earth, open the airlock for her sisters to come out and then, only then, could the fun begin.

As the captain took them to the communication room assailing them with questions, Sophie could feel Stefani's urge. But she too was compelled to adhere to the plan; she too would have to wait before the fun could begin.

The communications officer, Lieutenant Chloe Simonin, a French girl too, was sitting in her chair when Sophie entered the room, alone. The new Amazon walked to the rotating chair turned it around so Chloe's eyes would fall into hers and concentrated.

"Il me faut une eruption Solaire qui brouille nos communications pour les 12 prochaines heures, fais moi ça bien!" - "I need solar flares that will cut us from home base for the next 12 hours, do it right!"

Sophie felt Chloe's will bend to hers, she felt her own ideas infiltrating her friend's thoughts, replacing them.

"Oui, Major," was the lieutenant's only answer.

She got to work. As her slave's fingers started flying over her the different keyboards in front of her, Sophie attention was attracted by Stefani and the captain. Although the two girls where beyond an air-tight closed door she could hear the harsh breathing of the captain and the moaning of her lover as if they were here, with them, in the comm. room. She became jealous but she knew Chloe was hers and that there would be many more after, hundreds, even thousands. Her hands started wandering on Chloe shoulders, massaging her neck, her breasts.

"C'est fait major," - "It's done, Major," the communication officer was panting under the Amazon's attentions.

Sophie's fangs extended and sank into the Lieutenant's neck. The ambrosia flooded her mouth as she took her first victim, as she brought her first sister into the Nation.

"The captain will be back soon, we have to open the door for our sisters," Stefani said behind her.

Sophie licked the remaining blood drops from her fangs and smiled to her sister.

"Indeed, we have to."

***

JANUARY 25th 2049, Area 51, Somewhere outside The Houston Forth Worth Conurb, Panamerican States, Earth

"I assure you professor, they're all clinically dead. And it's not only the aliens, it's the crew. Dead, no life signs. This is far too dangerous; we cannot let them go out in two days."

Farnsworth frowned, the day after tomorrow they had to release the 12 Amazons and the 21 crew members for a large world tour. Everything had gone perfectly but yet something was still bothering her. The young doctor in front of her was starting to work on her nerves. He had just arrived the day before, hadn't had the chance to meet any of the Amazons and he was already criticizing the work of all the other doctors on the base. He didn't knew how it was, he didn't knew how it felt to bathe in the splendor of those otherworldly beings.
