 Foreword: this is one of my longer stories, freshly written, and I enjoyed writing it so much that I decided I should post it. If you're looking for a simple story to fap to, this is not that story. If you choose to read it all the way through, then I hope you enjoy it.

*****

"Tell us something, warrior," spoke one head, the one in the middle.

"Yes, we must know!" demanded the left head, to which the right head added, "Right this very minute!"

Marun stood his ground, his two-handed sword out, razor-sharp blade pointed in the direction of the three-headed monster before him, but his heart pounded at the thought of being caught in its long, serrated talons on its long-toed feet or its equally long talons on its fingers and shredded like a grape leaf. It stood defiantly, the heads on long, snake-like necks about three feet in length from its strangely-human robe-covered body. With its heads upon such large necks, and its proportionate body, it towered above his own 6-foot-3-inch body. 

"How is it-" spoke the middle head, which was the brunette-haired head of a handsome woman and spoke with a cultured, feminine voice.

"That a creature such as yourself-" continued the left head, which was the head of a lion and spoke with a rumbling voice.

"Has managed to intrude upon our sanctuary?" finished the right head, the head of a dragon-like serpent that spoke with an ancient whispery voice.

"Speak at once!" all three heads of the monster snapped when Marun hadn't yet responded.

He managed to find his own voice, "I had courage where others lacked it, focus where others were blinded, and faith where others were without."

He spoke of the three trials that allowed him passage into the inner chamber, where his task was to slay the monster that dwelled within. 

"Fascinating," said the serpent-head to the woman-head.

"Impossible," chimed in the lion-head, to which the woman-head responded, "Yet here he stands, no doubt to slice and rend with his blade."

"Let's turn him to mush," spoke Serpent.

"Let's gnaw on his bones," suggested Lion.

"Do not be so anxious to slay just yet," cautioned Woman, and to Marun, she questioned, "What task so demands our death that you are willing to find your own?

"My village was destroyed, my people massacred, and by you," Marun lifted the red oval pendant around his neck, "This belonged to my mother, whom you murdered, and I swore vengeance."

"To what village do you refer?" snorted Serpent haughtily.

"Herkuth, near the mouth of the river," answered Marun impatiently.

"Then you are mistaken," spoke Woman, "For Resmine does not destroy without good cause."

"And Herkuth is under the protection of the Blood Pact," added Lion, 

Serpent continued, "And none, not even Resmine herself, would break the Blood Pact unless it was previously broken."

"That can't be true!" shouted Marun, "A merchant spotted you leaving Herkuth covered in blood like a sneak-thief in the night! You lie to save your own cursed skin!"

"Cursed skin this may be," spat Woman.

"But the lies only come from this merchant of which you speak," argued Serpent.

"And your head will be parted from your shoulders with a flick of our wrist for your insolence," promised Lion.

"Easy," soothed Woman to Lion, "Have we never fallen victim of such trickery ourselves?"

"By a god, no less!" scoffed Serpent, "All because we would not lay with him!"

"And yet here approaches another man, filled with more lies," remarked Lion.

"It is a shame this man should die for a lie, his vow of vengeance unfulfilled," Serpent shook its head sadly, it's emerald-green eyes bright in the torch-lit inner sanctum.

"I shall enjoy feasting on his entrails," growled Lion, licking its chops hungrily.

"Restrain yourselves yet a little longer," bade Woman to Serpent and Lion, "For how long has it been since such a worthy warrior has stood in our sanctuary?"

"How long indeed!" snickered Serpent, "Has it been years?"

"Seventeen, in fact," said Lion, "And so seventeen years has it been since I have eaten."

"Seventeen years," sighed Woman, "Seventeen years of conversations with only us. I know not about you, but I long for some palaver with some soul other than myself."

"And yet palaver, I suspect, is not your only reason for sparing his life," suggested Serpent.

Woman snapped, "Mind your manners!"

Serpent hissed and then fell silent, and Woman turned her attention to Marun, "If you will indulge me, perhaps your life shall be spared, and you can go upon your path of vengeance after all. What say you, warrior of what was Herkuth? Shall we engage in some conversation?"

"Do you doubt that I could kill you, Monster?"

Serpent hissed and Lion roared, but Woman simply smirked, "Perhaps monster is not something you'd call one with sensitivities such as mine. I do have a name, if you were polite enough to inquire."

"W-what is you name then?" Marun asked, his sword lowering slightly.

"Ah, well we cannot expect too much," Serpent rolled its eyes, "From such a simple man."

"Perhaps you missed it in your rage," Lion grumbled.

"Your name is Resmine, then?" Marun recalled.

"So it is and has been for at least a century," Woman sighed.

"And..." Marun ventured, "Your lion head and serpent head represent your personalities?"

"Do we?" Serpent glanced to Lion and Woman, "Perhaps I am your shrewd, cold side."

Lion added, "And I am your courageous, powerful side."

Woman chuckled, "Perhaps. How can one know the mind of Gods, after all? Come and sit, warrior. You must be weary, after all."

Marun glanced at the proffered seat, a finely carved wooden chair with jewels inset along the top of the back, but did not accept, "How do I know that this is not a ruse? Will you strike me down as I sit?"

Lion looked at Serpent, and Serpent grinned evilly, "Oh, I would surely do so, for is it not in my nature? But Mistress would will it not, so I shall not."

"For while we have dominion over our own heads," Lion added, "Mistress is in control of our body."

"So you are quite safe as long as you keep a civil mind in our presence," Woman assured.

So Marun crossed the expansive chamber and sat in the chair, lowering his blade, yet keeping it in hand.

"Mistrust is a sword with two edges, is it not?" Lion rumbled warily.

"So honed, it could cut its user as well as its victim," Serpent finished.

"Easy," Woman bade, "If this brings him comfort, I shall allow it. So, Warrior, you have us at a disadvantage, for while you know our name, we know not yours."

"I am Marun, son of Erseth, smith of my village."

"Your village that was," Serpent corrected him and earned angry looks from both Marun and Woman.

"So, as the son of a smith, you must have learned your trade at your father's side," Lion spoke.

"I did, until he joined the battle of Towers and lost his life," Marun explained.

"So, a smith and a warrior," Woman mused, "You have my curiosity, Ramun, what merchant falsely pointed you in my direction?"

"He was a travelling merchant," Marun recalled, "He had one eye and a patch on the other, and his wares were carried by oxen and cart."

"And this 'merchant,'" Serpent's eyes widened, "Perhaps he carried a wound from brow to chin?"

Marun nodded, "Yes, he did in fact, and he looked as if he'd crossed many miles under a desert sun."

"This man of whom you speak is no merchant," Woman scowled, "But a mortal named Une, a priest of Verulle, the god that cursed me. And it was I who gave him that scar and took his eye for a treat."

Serpent licked its chops with its long, pink tongue, "Such a treat it was, like a ripe grape!"

"He is lucky to have escaped at all, let alone with such a minor injury," Lion bared its sharp teeth.

"If not for that incantation he spewed forth," Woman huffed, "He would not have escaped."

Marun listened to their exchanges before asking, "So this priest... Une... might he have had something to do with the slaughter of my village?"

"Une?" Lion scoffed, "That putrescent worm would not have the stomach for slaughter, but, perhaps, indirectly, his hand might yet have blood on it. At the very least, he took advantage of your loss and rage to send you to slay us."

"Yes," Woman agreed, "As a priest of Verulle, he is one of the slimiest mortals we have ever had the misfortune of meeting, and guilty of such cowardice."

"So how could he make it into your... den... to confront you?" Marun asked.

"He had knowledge of incantations, one to bind us from harming him, one to still our heart in our chest, and the third to grant his escape," Woman sneered, "He would not have possessed the fortitude to approach us if not for that knowledge. If not for our combined willpower, I would not have been able to swipe at him, even through the binding incantation."

"Then I shall have my answers from him," Marun declared, "And he will answer for whatever hand he had in the slaughter of Herkuth."

"He assumes he will still leave here alive," smirked Serpent.

"And he may be correct in assuming so," Woman replied hotly to Serpent, and, to Marun, she asked, "As little sympathy as I have for any priest of Verulle, what satisfaction is to be had in revenge? The accomplishment of this will not summon your mother and village back from death. You may run him through or plant his head on a pike, and then what? Once your thirst for vengeance is quenched, you reach the end of that path."

"Surely, the end of one path may lead to others," Marun debated, "Even if I must search it out. A warrior may not always be needed, but my skills as a smith are always useful."

"He speaks wisely," Lion nodded, "Does he not?"

Woman smiled, "He does indeed."

"So," Marun shifted nervously, "Once you have had your fill of words, may I go on my way?"

Serpent and Lion both looked to Woman for an answer, and she deliberated for a moment before responding, "It may be so, if I will it. Tell me, Marun, do you already tire of this conversation? Is the sight of us alone not fit to pique your curiosity for more than mere moments?"

Marun detected the note of wounded pride in Woman's voice and hastily responded, "I do not mean to offend, Resmine, for you are majestic even in the midst of your curse."

"Honeyed words to placate us," Serpent hissed, "As he bargains for his own life."

"I mean my words," Marun challenged Serpent, "You are no monster, and I am a sorry man for ever having believed it. And I would have been the monster had I slayed you as I had planned."

"Be that as it may," Woman appeared unimpressed, "You seek to retreat, and we are wounded. How would you mend our wound, other than with your honeyed words?"

Marun struggled to find a solution but had none, "Um... how would you have me mend the wound I have caused?"

"How about some lashes with our whip?" Serpent suggested.

"Perhaps a limb as payment?" said Lion.

Woman shook her head, "If we ask for civility, is it not fair that he should ask for the same?"

"If you will it so," Lion acquiesced. 

"As you wish, Mistress," added Serpent.

Woman regarded Marun "Would you have believed I was once a handsome woman, with many suitors begging for my favor?"

Marun nodded, "To have gained the favor of Verulle himself, you must've been handsome indeed."

"Verulle," glared Woman, "God he may have been, but he was as much a beast as any mortal, with an ego to rival a mountain. So, when I spurned his demands of claiming my maidenhead, sore was he, so much so that he cursed me right then, and I became what you see, that no man would seek my favor again."

"Please forgive me if I have offended," Marun lowered his head, "Had I the knowledge I have now, I would not have believed Une's lies."

"Une is but one of many of Verulle's priests, but he has gained favor over the others through treachery. I wish not to speak of him further."

Serpent added, "Though, if you were to bring him, bound, with his tongue cut out, and present him to us, I would readily forgive your offenses."

Woman considered this and nodded, "For that, I would happily allow you to leave, but we will leave that for later. Tell me, Marun, what do you see when you behold me this moment?"

Marun regarded Resmine closely, and answered carefully, "I see a woman unjustly cursed."

"That is so," Woman fluttered a hand in dismissal, "Perhaps, in this century of exile from persecution by warriors determined to make a name for themselves, I have become more of a monster than I care to admit, but, beneath this curse, I am still a woman, am I not?"

"I would say so," Marun granted.

"And yet no mortal man would dare to embrace the woman for fear of enticing the monster. I challenge you to do just that, in spite of your fears. Lay down your sword, Marun, and come forth."

Marun stood, unsure, and then gathered his resolve. He had entered this chamber in anticipation of slaying a monster, but now the circumstances were wholly different, so he set his sword beside the chair and slowly approached Resmine. Serpent and Lion glanced at each other, surprised, both entertaining thoughts of an eager meal, but neither would lunge if their mistress forbade it. Marun came within striking distance, and, when no strike came, he closed the distance and slipped his arms around the back of Resmine, embracing her fully, his head just coming to her bosom. Resmine slowly enfolded her own arms around him, mindful of her talons, which could easily shred him in half. For a long moment, Marun stood there, waiting, feeling the warmth that sprang from her. 

"To feel such an embrace has been denied me for so long," Woman murmured, "That I had forgotten how it truly felt."

"More than the trials he braved to reach our chamber," Lion mused, "The courage this mortal must possess to embrace a being that could end his life in a trice."

"Perhaps he is worth more alive than dead," Serpent grudgingly allowed.

Finally, Woman took a step back, ending the embrace, "I would allow only a simple embrace to forgive you your prejudices, but I must, for even now, I am still a woman, request something more from you."

Marun looked up at her, waiting nervously.

"I must request something that has been denied me by a petty god for a century, and it is something with which you may see as impossible."

"What is it?" Marun asked.

"I wish your favor, Marun. This curse may never be lifted from me... I may die one day, never having known a man's touch, which is surely the wishes of Verulle. But I cannot expect you to grant my wish, for even now you must see only what is on the outside."

"This is new," Serpent remarked.

Lion added, "What say you, Marun? Would you deny a woman her wish because of her appearance, or is your bravery and gallantry something to be regarded in tales and song?"

Marun considered this, and he answered, "Despite your curse, you are still a handsome woman. If you wish my favor, then I will do my best to deserve yours."

With that, he embraced her once more, unbidden this time, and so surprised was Resmine that she almost forgot to take care of her talons. 

"Will wonders never cease?" Serpent watched in equal surprise to his mistress.

"Do not tarnish this moment," Lion muttered to Serpent, "Mistress has more than earned that."

Again, after a moment, Resmine ended the embrace. She unclasped her robes and let them fall to her feet, baring herself to Marun. Marun, surprised at just how feminine she appeared, noted silently her stature, her proud breasts easily larger than his head, how her waist swelled outward as it reached her hips, her legs long and shapely. 

"You really are still quite a handsome woman," Marun spoke in wonder, "Perhaps even Verulle could not take that from you."

Resmine smiled, "Surely you only do me kindness to speak so."

"It is the truth as I perceive it. The only monster in you is what you were forced to be to ensure your survival. But I can now see the woman underneath. May I be so bold as to touch you?"

"Your boldness would be appreciated, Marun."

Marun's hands reached out and rested upon her hips, the skin smooth and unblemished under his hands. He decided that, though three heads occupied one body, it was her body that he felt. From there, his hands traveled up her waist to her ribs, and then to her ample breasts. He paused at Woman's sharp intake of breath.

"Have I been too bold?" he wondered aloud.

"This part of me is quite sensitive," Woman cautioned, "So let your hands wander as they may, but do be gentle."

Marun continued to explore her breasts, softly this time, beholding their size, with areolas and nipples proportionate as a whole to the rest of her breasts. As he stroked his fingers across her nipples, she gasped and laughed in surprise.

"I must sit, Marun, before my own legs refuse to bear me up," she urged Marun to follow her as she made her way to a rather large bed with furs from what appeared to be two mammoths. She sat on the end of it and drew him near.

"Please, I bid you continue," she whispered huskily, and he did, his hands looking quite small compared to the breasts he now caressed. 

He lowered his head to her right breast and began teasing the now rigid nipple, flicking his tongue across and around it.

"Oh!" Resmine cried, "That sent tremors all through me! Still, I must insist we bathe first."

He disrobed as he followed her, his eyes upon her round buttocks as they swayed hypnotically before him, and he was as nude as she when they reached an underground spring that was pleasantly warm, almost hot to the touch. She sighed as she stepped in and sat, the water coming up to the top of her breasts. As he followed her in, he stood neck deep in the water. She proceeded to bathe, wincing each time one of her talons scratched her own skin, cutting furrows into her flesh. Each wound closed seconds later, only for new wounds to open under her claws.

"Please," Marun winced and held her arms still, "Allow me to bathe you. To be sure, my hands would be gentler upon your skin."

She relented, and his hands roamed her body, cleaning her as best as he could. She sighed in relief and relaxed to his touch.

"To be bathed is truly a luxury," Woman murmured, "If I had met a man such as you before Verulle set his eyes upon me, I would have done well to have claimed you upon first sight."

Marun accepted this compliment and continued to bathe her, enjoying the feel of her breasts and the area underneath, and then scrubbing her back.

"If you would like, I will continue to bathe the rest of you, but you only need stand," Marun spoke nervously.

Without hesitation, Resmine stood, the water now approaching only her upper thighs, "Be as thorough as you wish, and I will happily submit."

Serpent and Lion, thankfully quiet, nevertheless watched him as he continued to bathe her, moving down her sides to her hips, then to her legs. By this point she trembled under his touch, understandably so, considering she had never had a man touch her like this before. Despite her tremendous age, she was still untouched and pure. 

He moved down to her calves and ankles before making his way up to her thighs, outer first, before moving inward.

"Pardon me," Marun glanced up at Woman's face, "But if you wish me to be thorough, then permit me to bathe all of you."

She nodded and submitted as he parted her thighs and began washing ever higher. She gasped softly as the back of his hand brushed the great thatch of hair that surrounded her unsullied maidenhead, but she allowed him access still, leaning back against the edge of the spring. His hands were fully on her now, as he washed her where no man had ever touched her before, and she found it quite pleasurable. He had difficulty with all of the hair covering her there, and had to carefully brush it aside. She moaned as his fingers parted her and brushed against the button at the top, and she almost lost control of her body at that moment. She clutched at the side of the spring as he washed her most sensitive of places, not quite slipping his fingers inside her, but coming quite close, and she gasped and then cried out as pleasure exploded from her. 
