 The summer air felt warm and a soft breeze ruffled the bottom of Ashlin's robes. The velvety material caressed the bare skin beneath it, causing a shiver to run down her spine. Usually she didn't change into her ceremonial robes until she got to the clearing, but tonight she wanted to feel the silky material against her naked body.

She knew that she wouldn't run into anyone else this deep into the woods. And if she did, she would just inform them that they were trespassing on her property. But even if she knew that no one else was around, she still didn't want to risk going completely naked until she got to her ritual site.

Her nipples hardened under her robe at the thought of tonight's ritual. Usually she didn't mix sex with magick, but tonight she planned on making an exception. Ever since she left her husband a little over a year ago, Ashlin hadn't had a real man between her legs. Not that she even counted her ex husband as a real man. Tonight, however, she hoped that she could fix that or at least thrust things into motion.

She still couldn't believe she had asked her mentor for a lover spell, but desperate times called for desperate measures. She knew that if she really wanted to she could find a man to have a quick screw with her. But she wanted something more. She needed something more. She wanted the intense passion that came from having sex with someone special.

Ashlin couldn't help but think about Nate when she thought of screwing someone special. Too bad he was her ex husband's best friend. She'd had a small crush on Nate even before she and her ex had officially called it quits. Ashlin couldn't see how such a sweet and honest man could be friends with her horrible ex husband, Eric.

Looking back on it, Nate was one of the main reasons she had stayed with her ex so long. Now that she no longer had anything to do with Eric, she had seen little of Nate. Other then in her dreams that is. They'd started out innocent enough, but as the weeks went on they had become more and more erotic. Now she woke up almost every morning wet and aching between her legs.

But she hoped to fix that problem tonight, if all went well with her spell work. She knew that she couldn't have Nate, but maybe she could find someone like him. And if nothing else, tonight would at least ease the ache between her legs. That is if it worked like her mentor, Sage, told her it would. She had every faith that Sage knew what she was doing, and that if she said this would work, it would.

Stopping in the pathway, Ashlin took out the hand-written instructions she had been given and read them over again. Her mentor had told her that she needed to follow them exactly in order for the spell to work properly.

After checking over the instructions one last time, she slipped the piece of paper back into her basket and hurried on her way. The sun would be setting soon, and she still had to get things set up and the fire lit before it got too dark to see. Luckily, she knew that her clearing was just around the next turn.

Ashlin walked into the middle of the clearing to her work area, which consisted of a stone circle, fire pit, and a large, flat altar stone. She got the fire going first, and when she was satisfied with it, she started laying out the things she would need for the ritual ahead.

She first retrieved a dark red altar cloth out of her basket, which she laid over the stone altar, making it look like a stone bed. Sometimes Ashlin used the stone like a bed, like when she wanted to do her meditations laying down. Ashlin reached back into the basket, and pulled out the ritual mask and other tools she would need to get started.

Quickly, she set up everything, and in no time she called the quarters and cast the circle. She took in a deep breath and let the power around her flow over her skin, bringing it to a new state of awareness. She could see the light from the energy of the sphere swirling around her, making her feel more at ease with what she was about to do.

Knowing she was safe gave her the clear mind she needed to perform her magick without fear. Ashlin raised her arms to the sky and spoke aloud the words her mentor had taught her would begin the ritual, and a flash of red light shot from her fingers as she spoke the last of the words. Slowly, she slipped her robe off, letting her naked body feel the cool breeze. She stood for a moment beside the fire wearing nothing more than her ritual mask and a smile. She could feel both the warmth of the flames and the coolness of the night on her naked body. She had always been told that she had a wonderful body, with a stomach flat and toned and large, firm breasts. She had golden skin from being outside and her long, light brown hair was bleached from the sun, making it look almost blonde. As she thought about her body, she started to run her hands slowly over it. To her surprise, she found her nipples were still hard and erect. She couldn't help rolling the buds between her fingers, making them even harder.

She gave a little moan as she continued to roll and twisted them between her digits. She could feel herself getting more and more aroused until she couldn't take it anymore, and bit by bit she slid one of her hands down her body until she found her warm, wet slit. Slowly, she explored the outer area, running her finger through her tangle of lower hair. Her fingers made small circles over her dripping sex as she continued to explore herself.

She let out another moan as she felt how damp she was becoming. She had never touched herself like this out in the open under the stars. In fact, she wouldn't have even thought of it, but she'd been told that it was part of the ritual she wanted to perform. Her mentor told her that she needed to pleasure herself like she wanted her future lover too, and that she had to think about him while she brought herself to orgasm.

She hadn't been sure she could do it until that moment. Now all she could think about was how hot she was, and how much she wanted release. She imagined that her hands belonged to her lover, and that he was the one bringing her this great pleasure.

She started to rub herself faster and faster, dipping her fingers more and more into her drenched pussy. Carefully she inserted one finger, then two, into her tight hole. Working them in and out of herself, she thought about having a throbbing cock in her instead of her fingers. She could feel her orgasm building, and she started to work her fingers even faster in and out as she used her thumb to rub her clit.

Just as the first intense waves of her orgasm hit her, and as her knees started to give way, Ashlin found herself being held up by what felt like a hard, male body. Too lost in the pleasure, she could do nothing more than lean against the form until the final waves washed over her.

When at last her mind cleared, she became totally aware of the fact that she wasn't alone. She knew it really wouldn't do her any good to scream, but she also knew that she couldn't run either. She was completely helpless and still completely naked. She continued to lean against the strange man, unsure of what to do. She could feel the warmth coming from his hard body, and she suddenly became very aware of the stiff object poking into the small of her back.

His hard-on felt huge and warm against her naked skin, and she couldn't help but let out a sigh at the feeling of it touching her. It had been so long since she had felt a cock pressed against her, and even though she had yet to look at the man standing behind her, her body couldn't help but to respond to him. 

She knew that she shouldn't want this stranger, but she also knew that finding someone to fuck had been the whole point in being there in the first place. Maybe this is how this was supposed to work she thought to herself. Maybe this man was just what she needed.

The man reached out and started stroking his hands lightly down the sides of her arms. He pulled her even closer, his erection caught between their two bodies. Before she could rethink her decision, he reached down and nibbled the side of her neck. He alternated between soft kisses and a little bite along her neck while his hands reached up to knead her large breasts.

With every nip her need grew, and she could feel herself growing slick and ready. She couldn't remember the last time she had been this horny, and she knew that there would be no going back now. She let out a moan as he took her sensitive nipples into his fingers and rolled the buds between them. Her ass gave a little wiggle against him, which made her grow more and more excited until she couldn't take it anymore.

She needed to feel the hard cock that was pressing against her back inside her wet pussy. She knew in the back of her mind that she shouldn't be doing this, but her body didn't care what her mind thought. She moved away from the firm form behind her and, before he could make a protest, Ashlin turned to face him, wanting to see his face.

Much to her surprise, he wore nothing but a mask similar to hers and nothing else. She could just make out the basic features of his face, but the mask prevented her from being able to tell if she knew this man, or if he indeed was a complete stranger. She still wanted him, and by the looks of the rather impressive erection he had, he wanted her as well.

She reached out to remove his mask, but he shook his head and grabbed her hand. He pulled her to him and brought his lips down on hers before she could even react. His mouth felt warm and hard against hers, the taste intoxicating to her. He kissed her with such passion she was sure her knees would give out at any moment had he not wrapped his arms around her waist.

Ashlin thought she could have kissed the man forever, but soon he began to become more intense and she could feel his cock pulsing between their bodies. She moved her hand between them and wrapped her fingers as best she could around his thick shaft. The second her hand touched him there, the woods began to shift around her, the earth seemed to spin outside of the circle.

Ashlin only paused a moment to look around them before she got lost in the feeling of him in her hand. His thickness surprised her. She thought about what it was going to be like to have it filling her, and a shutter of pleasure traveled down her spine.

As they kissed, her hand worked its way up and down his shaft causing him to moan against her mouth. She loved the sound he made, and she began to move her hand faster and faster. She had almost forgotten how much she enjoyed pleasing a man.

Finally breaking their kiss, Ashlin dropped to her knees and in one quick motion she took him in her mouth. She couldn't believe how much she missed this wonderful act. She had always loved giving oral sex. She received almost as much pleasure in the act of giving it as she did getting it. She could feel his strong leg muscles flexing as he tried to remain upright and in control.

He gently reached down and rested his hands in her hair, stroking it and running his fingers through it. She continued working him with her mouth, alternating between taking him all the way down her throat and just licking him lightly with the flat of her tongue. When she sensed that he was on the edge of what he could take she rose up from her knees and, taking his hands, she led him towards the stone altar behind her. 

As much as she enjoyed the feeling of him in her mouth, what she really wanted was to feel his hard cock thrusting into her aching, wet pussy. But the stranger had other ideas of what should happen next. When the two reached the altar he lifted her up laid her down softly upon the red cloaked stone. 

Before she could pull him on top of her, he dropped to his knees and pulled her legs apart. The warmth of his breath so close to her aching pussy nearly caused her to loose it right then. He husband had hated to eat her out. He only ever went down on her when he knew he could use it against her later. He would tell her that since he did that for her, she had to do something she didn't want to for him. 

Now she thought that the stranger might think that he had to return the favor, but all thoughts of stopping him left her mind the minute his warm, skilled tongue made contact with her already slick clit. 

He licked her in little slow circles causing her to let out a loud moan as she fought to stay in control, but the magick he was working on her made her mind block out anything besides the intense pleasure. He alternated between a slow drawn out lick down the length of her pussy to a more powerful sucking on her clit. 

Ashlin's whole body began to shake as he continued to work his own kind of magick on her body, and from the way he kept looking up at her from between her legs, she didn't need to see his whole face to know that he was enjoying himself. Just the sight of him like that tipped her over the edge into a mind shattering orgasm that caused her to almost come off the stone.

The intensity of it shocked her, and she could do nothing more than moan and shake as he held her in place. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over her whole body as she lay there. Before she could recover completely, the man rose up from his knees, and in one quick fluid motion he moved her forward until her ass sat on the edge of the altar. 

Ashlin opened the eye she hadn't even realized she had closed and saw just how much the man had enjoyed what he'd done to her. She could see how hard his cock looked, and she thought she saw a drop of liquid seeping from the end of his large organ. She couldn't help but lick her lips at the sight of it, and she knew that soon she would be feeling it where she wanted it most . As if he read her thoughts, the masked man positioned himself at her dripping entrance but he didn't enter her right away. Instead he drew the tip of his penis along her slit, coating himself in her juices and drawing a gasp from her as it passed over her sensitive flesh. She could hear him take in a deep breath and knew that he was fighting to remain in control.

The feeling of his cock rubbing against her clit almost sent her over the edge again, but before she could reach another finish, he moved it away from her. She let out a whimper in protest at his departure, but it was soon replace with a loud cry of pleasure as he slid deep into her. 

The feeling of him filling her so completely made her draw a deep breath as she tried to keep in control. Neither moved for what seemed like forever. Ashlin could tell that he felt just as lost in the moment as she did and for a moment she wondered who this strange male was. 

Before she had any more time to think about who he was, the man started to move with in her, pulling himself almost out of her pussy before he thrust it back in. He set a leisurely but intense pace, working them both to new heights of pleasure until Ashlin thought she would die if she didn't cum.

"PLEASE! Please fuck me harder! I can't take it," she managed between gasps, her control shattered.

The man seemed more than happy to comply by increasing his pace until both of them could barely breathe. Ashlin could feel the pleasure building inside of her, and she knew that she would cum soon. She hoped she would be able to hold on just a little longer, not ready for it to end, but the feeling of his cock rubbing her insides was more then she could take. She felt herself start to shake as the most intense orgasm she had ever felt washed over her.

The man stopped, his cock stiffening even more within her as his own orgasm overtook him. She could feel his warm sticky cum shooting deep inside her, causing another smaller orgasm to hit her. As the last pulses of pleaser subsided, the man bent over to rest his head lightly on her belly. 

Neither moved nor spoke as they tried to catch their breaths. Ashlin reached down and leisurely stroked the man's soft brown locks. As she ran her hand thru his hair she realized that she could easily remove his mask. She hesitated a moment, unsure if she really wanted to know who lay behind the mask, afraid that it would break the spell. But her need to know won out, and she carefully undid the string that held his mask on and pulled it away from his face. 

For a moment he froze, his body tensing as she carefully removed his mask. He didn't try to stop her. He just took in a deep breath before he rose up from between her legs. He stood and faced her head-on, a look of uncertainty on his all too familiar face. Ashlin let out as gasp as she looked into the eyes of her ex-husband's best friend. Nate gave her a sexy but unsure smile but said nothing. She couldn't believe she'd just fucked the man she'd been lusting after for so long. Her mind raced as she tried to figure out just how the hell he even got there or knew she would be there. 

Before she had the chance to ask him what was going on, he gave her another warm smile then his body began to shimmer and fade. Ashlin couldn't believe what she was seeing, but as she continued to watch the man who had only moments before cum inside her shimmered and disappear into the night. She lay naked and alone, unsure of what just happened or if it even really happened.

She knew that Nate had been there and fucked her. The evidence dripping from between her legs was proof enough that he had been real. But she couldn't explain how she now sat alone on her stone altar, naked and still breathing hard.

The only thing she really knew was she'd just had the most intense sex of her life. She also knew that the first chance she got she would find the man that had brought her so much pleasure and convince him that they needed to make it a regular event. 

Ashlin smiled as she thought about how things had turned out, and rose up from the stone altar. She knew she would have to talk to Sage about what happened and properly thank her the first chance she got because she had a sneaky suspicion that the woman knew that this would happen. How she knew she couldn't say, but she knew it just the same, just as she knew that after tonight her life would never be the same.