 There are benefits to being master and commander of one's own domain. My land, Slavinia, is vast and I have conquered every resisting power for over 1000 miles. Because of this feat, few would argue with any command I were to give. Such power has certainly given me a strong sense of entitlement. If I have a desire I receive that desire and those who are instructed to provide do so without complaint. I do not expect them to be thrilled when I make demands, but they know refusals will come with punishments. 

With this privilege comes much responsibility of course. I make sure they are well fed and have a safe place to live within my castle walls. Because of my ability to care and protect my people they do not question my unusual requests. Upon entering my castle, one must agree to obey my every command. For my castle is certainly my territory. It does not therefore come as a surprise when I demand servicing from my servants and even guests. 

I must admit that my favorite treat is teaching those who do not know how to respect the authority I command within my walls. The blind obedience of many doesn't not always set a precedent for those who are visiting for the first time. 

One such woman was Lady Alexandria Dubois. Lady Dubois came to Slavinia at the behest of her father who, upon hearing about the conquering of a neighboring land, sought to appease the possibility that I may desire to expand my holdings. Lady Dubois was a tall, rubenesque figure with large supple breasts and curvaceous hips. Merely looking upon here decided what I would to with her. 

Alexandria, however, was unaware of my particular propinquities within the castle walls in my capital city. So when she entered, she found herself quite taken aback by the sight around her.

A select few of my men, whom I select newly everyday, were slating their lusts with several of the serving wenches. I keep my men happy by giving castle privelages to a group of soldiers daily. The reward of spending one day within my castle walls, enjoying my benevolence, every sennight was worth the risk of their lives in my army. 

Upon entering Lady Alexandria witnessed my Captain Ramsey sodomizing a young lady's maid while one of his lieutenants was fucking her mouth. Lady Alexandria did not recognize the serving girl's screams as those of pleasure, her having never been exposed to such decadent pleasures before, and interpreted what she saw as rape. 

I found Lady Alexandria screaming at the top of her lungs, ordering her footmen to stop Captain Ramsey and his subordinate from enjoying their rightful pleasure. 

"Who goes here!?" I shouted, demanding who would question the soldiers' benefits. 

My tone of voice didn't seem to stop Lady Alexandria's fear of what she was seeing. She began to become hysterical; at this I walked toward her, my annoyance palpable, and briskly slapped her across the face, breaking her spell of shock. 

Alexandria lifted her hand to her face, shocked at what had just happened to her. Surely surprised that someone would be so bold as to touch her in anything other than a courteous manner, she shouted, "How dare you! I am here to see King Benjar! There is rape occurring in his great hall! Does he know that such atrocities are occurring?" Her words came out quickly, spilling out of her mouth. 

"Not only is he aware of it, he condones it. And this is not rape, ma'am. It is consensual and condoned by the King." I calmly stated this to her, not identifying myself yet as the man of whom we were speaking.

"How could he possibly? This is horrendous! It isn't consensual!" Lady Alexandria chocked out, horrified.

"How do you know this, Lady? Do you see Miss Latree struggling?" I asked, indicating the name of the woman who was still pinioned between the two men whose paces had increased as we were watching. I knew that many of my soldiers enjoyed being watched as they enjoyed their leave rights, hence the open use of my great hall.

"No, but how could any woman want what is happening to her?" Alexandria asked, breathlessly appalled at the possibility that someone would welcome such treatment.

"You have never visited this land have you, My Lady?" I enquired, attempting to make it obvious that she was unfamiliar without customs.

"No, I have been sent here by my father, Lord Graniot, to seek an agreement of peace between Slavinia and our country. My name is Alexandria DuBois. I have traveled far." Lady Alexandria stated, making it clear that she was exhausted from her journey.

"Well, Lady DuBois, please understand that what you are seeing is a customary privilege received by our soldiers. My name is Jassin Benjar, I am the King you seek." 

Lady DuBois was quiet at this. She couldn't comprehend that what she was seeing was customary for this kingdom and that it was the King himself who was currently greeting her. 

"Reynold! Take Lady DuBois to her rooms she is surely in need of rest after her journey here." I called my steward forward to take care of Lady Dubois.

"You will attend to me later in the dining room Lady Dubois, where we will discuss your father's requests. Please be ready in three hours time. Be aware that you are to attend dinner service wearing nothing." Before she could recover from the shock over my demand, I left the room as I had much else to see to before hearing Lady Dubois' business with my country.

***

Later in my ready room, Reynold was attending to me. My steward had been with me over five years and was very customized to my desires and needs. Currently, he was allowing me to massage his loose asshole, dipping my thumb inside as it became aroused and wet, eager for my penetration.

"Should I remind Lady Dubois before dinner, of your demand for her to be without clothing Sir?" Reynold asked me as I loosened my breeches, my eager cock aching to feel his familiar, wet ass. What I loved most about Reynold was his ability to serve me without acknowledging the service; instead, Reynold sought to use the time I took him aside for my pleasure as an opportunity to resolve court business. 

I loosened my cock from my breeches, feeling the wet pre-cum on the head of it and pulled back my foreskin. As I slid my burgeoning nine inch stick inside of Reynolds guts, I replied to him, "No, Reynolds. I look forward to putting Lady Dubois across my knee. Ahhhh...oh yes, Reynolds, that's nice."

I always took the chance to praise my servants when they did something I found pleasant. Reynolds was always eager to tighten his asshole around my cock when I was driving into him, heightening my pleasure. His service to me was consistently eager and welcoming. This was one of the main reasons he had been my steward for close to five years now.

"Oh yes, Your Highness." Reynolds grasped as I pumped my cock out of his ass, grasping his hair as I thrust within him. 

Lady Dubois was actually responsible for my current situation. I had left the great hall just but five minutes ago, already the idea of Lady Dubois' breasts bared before me developing in my furtive mind. I am not accustomed to feeling prolonged desire for one person so I sought immediate relief until such time as I could properly acquaint Lady Alexandria with my customs. Reynolds happened to be the first in my sight, returning from placing Lady Alexandria in her quarters. I immediately grabbed his hand and kissed him, acquainting him with my intention to have him. 

"Yes, Your Highness." Reynolds responded, familiar with my often need to relive myself, bending over the setee in the ready room while removing his servant's breeches. Reynolds always took pleasure in my taking him, and it always brought me relief. Though I am predominantly more likely to take women in my kingdom, oftentimes when I merely want a shove and come, I choose to take men at my service. They do not beg for foreplay and kisses, which of course I grant freely, but they merely allow me to enjoy them as a means to and end. 

My thrusting became more hurried as I came closer to my relief. Reynolds himself preferred this servicing to an outing with a woman; this I suspect is one of the reasons he had asked to remain in my service through the years. He was beginning to shiver and gasp in pleasure as I hurried my thrusts. Reaching around his back, I grasped his cock, eager to help him along to his pleasure as well. 

Within minutes we had both spend, my hot come lubricating Reynolds' ass. 

"Ah, thank you Reynolds." I sighed, releasing his ass, tucking my cock into my breeches. 

"My pleasure, Your Highness," Reynolds responded, his face flush with afterglow. "Is there anything else you desire?"

Ahhh, Reynolds, the ever pleasant steward. 

"Yes, see that I am not disturbed, I must finish these accounts of the lands before dinner service. Then I shall get my true desire." Reynolds smirked as I said this, knowing full well I was referring to Lady Alexandria's cultural awakening. 

*

Please send me your comments. This is just one part of a longer, more complete story of Lady Alexandria's experiences in Slavinia. Please let me know if you would like to see more!