 Frida awoke the next morning with a soft sigh, she stank of the beast's cum and smiled as she saw her owner sleeping soundly. The pale woman simply looked up at the brilliant yellow and purple tinted sky, coloured by the sunrise as it chased the night away. She thought of the night before, forced upon the beat's shaft like a common whore, and smiled in satisfaction. Frida wished every day that their roles were reversed, that she could use him instead of the other way around. Little did she know, today she would have that chance.

It was another hour or so before Mitar awoke from his slumber, his morning wood straining against his pants as he remembered the night before. Without a word he stood, the elf quickly standing as well, as she waited for the furred beast to untie her from the tent so she could help break the camp. Mitar paid her no mind, however, and simply trotted off into the woods, leaving the elf alone for a good five minutes or so. Was she being abandoned? Did she not please the beast enough? Thoughts raced through her head before the werewolf arrived with a bird in his clawed hand. "Lunch. For later." He said, untying her.

Mitar could not help but grin as he untied the woman's leash from the tent, her simple clothing hugging her body, stained with his thick cum. "Pack up. You can pluck the bird as we walk. Should reach the city by nightfall." He said, looking up at the sky. 

Frida shrank away from the beast a little as he spoke and asked, "Will I be paying for the room again?" She asked, wondering if Mitar would sell her to pay for their stay.

"Not this time." The werewolf replied, idly kicking some dirt over the fire pit they had made.

"Thank you, Sir."

It was not long until the pair were walking again, Frida carrying their bags, which was mostly a tent and some bed rolls, on her back while she plucked the wild bird, eyeing her owner's dagger. Her job would be so much easier with the sharp blade, but Mitar did not trust her with something so dangerous and, Frida had to admit, it was the right call.

Their walk was silent, as usual, every once in awhile the furred man would look back at the elvish slave and check her progress on the bird. "This will be the last time we have to catch our meal." He said as she dropped the last feather on the ground. "Next clearing we run into we'll stop and eat. Enjoy it, though. Because we won't be able to eat supper."

"Why not, Sir?"

"We will be too close to the city. They don't like their wildlife being killed." He said, more than a little frustrated at the thought. Mitar had thought back to how far his pet had come. From screaming and fighting to actually seeming to willingly help him. Everything from making food to pleasing him, she seemed more than happy to help. The werewolf pondered if he could trust the woman to gut and prepare the bird herself. He had no idea that such a simple decision would change his relationship with the elf so drastically.

The pair reached a clearing not too long afterwards, it was large, with a small lake in the middle. "Perfect." Mitar said. "Let's eat, then take a bath before we head out to the city. As much as I love seeing you marked, it doesn't look good."

Frida nodded and began to dig a hole for a fire, the furred beast tying her to a small tree before heading out to get some firewood. The elf was obedient enough to not try and untie the leash, she had done it a long time ago and learned the hard way to not try it again. Frida was out as far as the leash would let her go, digging a hole for the fire, sweeping away any debris that could light up as Mitar came back.

"Okay, pet." the werewolf said, having come to a decision. He handed her the bird and patted a log leaning against the tree she had been tied to. "If you try anything, and I do mean anything, other than gutting this bird, I will finish you."

"Yes Sir! Thank you Sir!" The elf exclaimed as the wolf-man handed her his sharp knife, being sure to take a step out of her reach as he slender fingers wrapped around it. Frida began to quietly gut the bird against the log he had patted, her master trusted her enough with the sharp blade, and Frida just needed him to get close enough so she could show him who was really in charge. The elf began to gut the bird as she thought of taking the beast, pouncing on him and forcing him to please her. The woman's thoughts slowly made her moist, her thighs rubbing together as she tried to ease the growing want in her loins.

Mitar, who had been prepping the fire, suddenly stopped and turned to the elf, smelling her arousal with his bestial senses. "Oh-ho. What's this?" He said, stepping up to the woman, rubbing her small shoulders as she finished preparing the bird. "Don't lie to me. Something about this is getting you hot, I can smell it." He teased. Frida smiled and suddenly turned around, taking the werewolf by surprise, and brandished the knife in front of her.

"Down boy." She said.

Mitar gave a growl and moved to grab her wrist, the elf quickly giving him a small cut before stepping in to him and holding the blade against his neck. "I. Said. Down." the elf said, smiling as the furred man did as he was told.

"Listen you little bitch." Mitar said, squatting down, the elf following him, knife to his throat.

"Did I say you could talk?"

"When I-"

"Bad dog!" Frida said, slapping Mitar's snout. "You may only speak when spoken to." She said, pushing the beast onto his back. "You see, mutt. When you first fucked me, I learned something. Elf cock isn't good enough. I need someone with power." The elf cupped the beast's clothed crotch. "Your cock is glorious. But you? Not so much. So, from now on, you're my pet, not the other way around. Got it?"

Mitar gave a snarl, his eyes zeroing in on her knife.

"Don't take that tone with me, you mutt. I could just cut it off, make myself a nice little dildo." she said, moving the blade down his chest before pressing it against his flaccid cock. The beast said nothing, causing Frida to nod. "That's what I thought. Now. Strip." the elf said, quickly cutting her leash as she watched her new pet do as he was bid.

Mitar was silent as he took off his pants, revealing his flaccid cock, hidden away in his pouch. She would have her fun for now but, soon, he would be back on top, if she wanted to play Alpha for a little bit, he was okay with that, he just had to do as she said for a little before she tired out.

Frida shook her head and frowned. "Oh. This won't do at all." She sighed

"Maybe if you started sucking it." Mitar said with a snarl.

"What did I say about talking you mutt?" Frida said, slapping his snout. "Now then. I want you to masturbate for me, show me that great cock." The elf said, taking her top off as she spoke, revealing her pert breasts, her nipples hard with excitement.

His clawed hand began to rub at his pouch, coaxing his cock out slowly as the elf began to take off her pants as well, revealing her naturally hairless cunt.

"That's better." The now-naked elf said as Mitar began to stroke his tumescent cock, licking her lips as she grew tense with anticipation. "Now then, pup, you may not-"

"What did you call me!?"

"Pup." the elf said, slapping his nose. "No talking. As I was saying. You may not cum until I say so. Inability to follow these orders and... Well..." The woman chuckled to herself. "You'll just have to see, okay?"

The elf smiled at the wolf man's hard, red, cock as she moved up his body, the beast growling in response to her order as she grasped the rod and, slowly, lowered herself onto it.

"I am in control, pup. Don't you dare thrust." she said as she moved down his thick pole with a gasp, finally able to take him at her own pace, rather than simply being speared open. "Mm... That's it..." she said, grinning down at Mitar who, without warning, grabbed the woman's hips and thrust himself deep into her tight cunt. "AH!" she screamed, suddenly pressing the knife against his neck.

"Bad dog." She said, slowly rolling her hips. "Maybe next time I'll have to show you how it feels to be fucked in the ass." She said before giving a moan, rolling her hips against him, the beast's fur tickling her clit. "Mmm ... Good dog... Just like that." She said with a moan, the beast's thick veins rubbing against her, stretching her wide.

"Up." She commanded, grabbing Mitar's fur and pulling him into a sitting position, hugging him as she rolled her hips against him.

Mitar groaned as he was pulled into the new position, the knife was against his back but he had to admit, letting her take control was pulling his cock into her in way he never knew existed, he let out a low moan as she clamped tightly around him. "Ohhh..." He gasped as the woman began to speed up, he could tell that she was getting closer and closer to her orgasm. "Mmm .. Keep going." he groaned, beginning to force her movements, which got him a quick slap.

"Shut it, dog." She said before continuing to ride him; using his thick cock as her own personal toy. "Mmm .. Oh yes!" She gasped. "Fuck... Mmm..." she continued before, finally, she felt herself spasm, her cunt squeezing tightly around her intruder as she came, her juices dripping down onto the beast's cock.

Mitar gave a loud groan of pleasure as Frida rode him, her pussy squeezing around him and shaking like he had never felt before. "Oh... Fuck..." He whispered to himself as he felt his knot begin to press against the woman's still shaking cunt. "Mm..." He moaned, Frida gasping as she pushed herself down onto the extra-wide flesh.

"Don't you dare cum you mutt. I'm not done with you"

"Or what?" Mitar responded with a gasp, rolling his hips into the elf.

The elf did not respond, simply giving a groan of pleasure as she pushed him back, forcing him onto the forest floor again. The beast groaned as he felt the woman ride his knotted cock, picking up speed with each passing second.

"Don't you dare cum..." she repeated. "Good dogs get rewards..." she moaned beginning to bounce up and down on the wolf's thick shaft, feeling it begin to twitch with an oncoming orgasm.

"Oh... Fuck..." Mitar groaned, trying to hold back his torrent of cum.

"Mmm.. that;s it pup... Hold it in..." Frida cooed, groaning as she slowed her movements, Causing Mitar to whine in response, his orgasm held off for now from her lack of stimulation.

"Good dog." Frida teased, rubbing behind his ear. "I will only let you cum if you call me your Alpha, beg to cum, and put this around your neck." she said, taking off her collar and handing it to the beast.

"Never." Mitar snarled, looking at the sharp blade in the woman's hand

"Well then." Frida said with a grin, groaning as she pulled the beast's knot out of her. "I guess you'll never cum."The wolf man groaned as the woman pulled herself off of him, knowing that if he tried to masturbate she would simply threaten him with the knife. Hell, she might even use it. "Wait!" He groaned, the woman having completely released his cock from her snatch, leaving it wet with her juices in the cool air.

"Wait, what?"

"Wait... My... A.. A..." Mitar was struggling through his sentence. He had never called someone his Alpha before. "My Alpha... Please." He moaned, clicking the collar around his throat, which pressed against his fur making it extremely visible. "Let me cum?" He said, adding onto her request. "Let me please you again, then please let me cum" Hoping to earn some brownie points with the woman.

"Mmm... Good dog." Frida said with a smile, gently rubbing the beast's thick cock. "I'll tell you what. For being such a good boy, I'll give you a reward. But first..." the woman turned around moving onto all fours and swaying her rear in front of his face. "I want you to put that tongue to good use and get my ass nice and wet."

"Y-your ass?" Mitar asked, his cock jumping at the thought.

"Get to it or you won't get your reward." Frida said, idly rubbing the beast's hard cock. "You can;t cum just yet, boy." she said, wiggling her dirtiest hole for the beast to start his newest task.

Mitar sighed, groaning with pleasure as the woman began to rub his thick shaft before moving up and licking at her tight hole. He had only taken her there a few times, and had never prepared her, not like this, which left Mitar's mind wandering. Was his reward getting to fuck her here? Or was this some sort of sick perversion of hers? Either way, the beast began to lap at her ass, groaning at the taste, it was not anything like he was expecting.

Frida moaned as she felt the powerful beast under her begin to lap at her tight ring of muscles. She had always fantasized of being licked there, and to be pleased by someone so much stronger than her that she had just outwitted? Well, that was just icing on the cake! The elf began to lick and lap at the beast's cock, reciprocating each movement he made with her own. She let out a gasp as the beast pressed his tongue into her and responded by taking his thick member into her mouth, much like the previous night. It was not long before the woman stood up and turned back around, facing the beast. "Good dog." She said. "You've earned a reward." Frida continued, moving grasping the beast's thick cock and placing it against her newly-lubed hole. "Mmm ... I've never gotten to take control back here... Who knows, maybe I'll like it." She said, holding the knife against the beast's throat. "If you so much even think about thrusting, I will end you. Got it?" She said before giving a gasp as she lowered herself onto the beast's cock, spreading her ass wide, the movement eased by the rim job moments before.

"You still need to ask to cum. Got it?" She said with a moan, pressing herself further down his wide cock, only stopping when she got to his knot.

"Please Fr - Alpha..." Mitar said, already at his limit, the word Alpha still new to him. "Don't take my knot. I'll cum."

The woman frowned and shook her head. "Sorry, Mutt." She said. "You do not give me orders anymore. Got it?" She said before pressing herself down, splitting herself wide as she felt the beast's knot spear her open; locking the beast inside and rolling her hips.

"Mmm..." she gasped. "I was right. When you're not being so abusive. This is quite -- oh -- good." She gasped, rolling her hips against his twitching cock, each movement causing the wolf to grimace as he did his best to hold back his impending orgasm. "You have to try this." she moaned, rolling her hips with more and more enthusiasm.

"What!? No you little-"

"No talking pup. And if I want you to get fucked in the ass, you will get fucked in this ass but, don't worry. I don't want anyone else touching my little puppy. You're all mine, got it?" The wolf whimpered and gave a slow nod. "Good. Mm.. Now..." she said, grabbing the beast's large hand and pressing it against her drooling snatch. "When you make me cum, I will let you finish, alright?" the elf said, the beast's hand quickly rubbing and gently pinching her clit.

"Ohhh..." Mitar groaned, doing his best to hold his orgasm back as the woman's tight ass squeezed and twitched around him as his fingers pressed into her wet sex. "Ohh ... Fuck... Alpha... I can't hold it back much longer..."

"Shut it, mutt." Frida said, leaning back and flicking his balls, causing the beast to yelp in pain. "Make me cum first. Mmm .. Just like that... More..." She groaned, rolling against the beast's cock and hand, each second that passed bringing her closer and closer to her edge. "Oh.. Oh... Oh!" She gasped, clenching against the beast's fingers and thick cock, her juices wetting his fur as she came. "Oh... Fuck... Okay.. Pup... You may cum." she moaned, beginning to grind her hips, trying to please the beast to be filled with his thick, wondrous, cream.

"Oh... Alpha... fuck!" Mitar groaned, feeling his orgasm finally reach the point of no return, his cock twitching before, at last, spurting out what felt like gallons of cum into the woman's ass, the thick white fluid leaking out around his cock, his knot unable to hold everything inside of her.

"Mm... good pet..." Frida moaned, gasping as she rolled against the beast's softening shaft, trying to get every last drop from him. "Mmm..." She said, finally standing up, releasing his thick shaft and moaning as his warm cream leaked from her tight ass before it sealed everything in. "Okay pet. I'm going to go wash up. You get dressed and and cook that bird. We'll eat as we walk. Pack up camp while you're at it. Okay?" She said with a teasing smile, watching as the wolf began to do her bidding. It was not long until the pair were ready to go, Mitar carrying their packs, and Frida holding him by a leash; their new roles would take some getting used to but something just felt right as they headed towards the city.