 The cold wind made the inn whistle as though it were singing a song of loss as Mitar adjusted his new collar at the foot of the bed, sneering at the elf who, for the first time since being captured, was falling asleep on a bed that was her own, and without the threat that she could, and probably would, be raped when the sun rose. The elf lay on her back, her bare breasts only barely covered by the bed's thin sheets, teasing the werewolf with promise of exposure. 

The pair's day had been filled with the woman spending money on things from collars and leashes, which the werewolf wore now, to simply one or two bags of things that Mitar had not gotten the chance to see, forced to sit outside the shop as the woman went shopping. 

He had broken the first collar with his sharp claws, and that quickly got him a whack on the nose, a kick in the balls, and a new, bright pink, collar. It seemed that every time he lashed out, tried to get to what he saw as his proper place, the elf was one step ahead of him. Even now, as he slowly leaned up to try and reach the knife the elf stole stilling on the table, Frida adjusted her sleeping position, making it impossible for the beast to reach without waking her. 

The next morning, the werewolf awoke with a jolt to his leash; not remembering falling asleep as he tried to stand and quickly fell to the floor. He looked up at the elf who smiled, naked, above him. 

"Okay, mutt. Here's how it is going to work. Each morning, I want you to wake me up one of two ways. If we had sex the night before, I want you to suck out every last drop of cum I let you give me." She says. "If we did NOT have sex the previous night, I want you to gently wake me by eating me out. got it?"

Mitar gave a sneer. "They sound the same to me." He says, beginning to stand, he was done with this woman trying to play Alpha, she had her fun. Now it was time for him to be back in his rightful place. At least, that is what the werewolf thought: The notion quickly being dashed as he received a slap on the nose from the elf.

"Bad dog." She said with a smile. Frida quite enjoyed being in a position of power. "On the bed." the elf commanded, nodding to where she had just spent the night. Mitar gave a sneer, which quickly earned him another slap on the snout before crawling onto the bed. "On your back, mutt." she said; the beast's face quickly becoming relaxed as he felt the elf's weight shift the bed; expecting the woman to have her way with him. He wondered if she thought it was punishment, if she thought that her 'raping' him had the same effect as him raping her. The werewolf's grin was suddenly ripped from his face as he felt rope around his footpaws. "What are you doing, bitch!?" He shouted, suddenly feeling a hand around his furred balls. 

"Whatever I want, mutt. Arms up." Frida said with a wicked smile as the werewolf hesitated before doing as she asked, his eyes on her full breasts as her hands left his balls and moved up to tie his wrists to the bed. "Much better." She said with a smile, looking down at the furred, bound, creature. The elf moved back down the creature and gently began to rub his pouch. "Mmm... you see, mutt. This is the only good thing about you. Sure, you're strong, but your bullheaded. You have a nice dick, and that's all you are to me. Something to sate my lusts." she says with a smile; the werewolf giving her a sneer as she coaxed his cock from his sheath. 

"Oh, you like this? Being my walking, talking, dildo?" The elf asks with a smile, running her hand along the hot length. The werewolf shook his head no but let out a moan. "Oh. Poor thing. You probably think you're going to get to cum tonight, don't you? Sorry, mutt. Unless you are a good little dog, which I know you won't be, you shouldn't count on it" she said with a smile.

Frida moved herself so that her, now moist cunt, was rubbing along his tumescent shaft, pressing it against his furred, hard, abs. "Mm..." she moaned, staring deeply into the beast's eyes as she rubbed against his shaft.

"You couldn't hurt me if you tried. You're just a little slut who needs cock more than she knows!" the werewolf sneered, letting out a gasp as the woman rubbed along his shaft, effectively using his long, hard, member to mastubate. The werewolf saw a wicked glint in the elf's eye as she began to adjust herself; lining his thick cock up with her tight pussy. The beast let out a gasp as a drop of the woman's juices rolled down his shaft before, suddenly, she climbed off of the bed. 

"I can't hurt you? I seem to remember having a knife to your throat not twenty four hour ago." she sneered, rummaging around at the foot of the bed, outside of Mitar's field of view. "I may not be able to punch you and leave a bruise. but I can definitely hurt you, mutt." She growled, letting out a soft gasp. "And I can fuck you raw. Just like you did to me"

The werewolf gasped as the woman spoke. "W-what do you mean" He said, trying to get back on her 'good' side as he added, "Alpha", which simply got a chuckle in response. 

"Oh, it's too late for brownie points, mutt." Frida said, smiling as she looked down at herself, the fake glass cock jutting from her cunt; a bulb inside of her rubbing against her G-spot, similarly to the werewolf's knot; a strap around her hips keeping the whole thing in place. 

The elf stood up, causing the werewolf's eyes to widen. "What is that!?" he shouted, struggling against his binds with a renewed vigor, his thrashing halting as the woman wrapped a strong hand around his balls. "It's called a strap-on. It's a little smaller than your cock; but it should give you a new perspective on raping helpless elves." she said with a wicked smile, crawling up the beast's furred body.

The werewolf watched in fear as the woman crawled up his torso, the glass dildo bobbing in front of her. "Open wide." she said with a grin.

"Never you fucking bitch" He sneered through gritted teeth, causing Frida to stand and move to her clothes.

"Well then, I'll just go get the innkeeper. He was looking at you like you used to look at me. I'm sure that a big orc wouldn't care about your protests..." she said, causing the werewolf to let out a small whimper. Mitar had raped an orc woman before and knew from how loose she was just how large an orc would be. He was too helpless to be able to avoid anal rape, but he would much rather the large glass dildo than a cock the size of his bicep. "Okay! Please don't get the innkeeper!" Mitar shouted. 

"Please don't get the innkeeper... what?" Frida responded with a grin, stepping towards the bound creature, causing the werewolf to sigh, defeated. 

"Please don't get the innkeeper my Alpha."

"There's a good dog." the elf said with a smile, climbing back on top of the werewolf, her glass didldo pressed against his maw. "Now open wide. Otherwise this will hurt." the elf said with a smile.

"Otherwise what will-mmph!" The beast let out a yelp as the glass toy was shoved into his maw with little ceremony, forced into his mouth by the elf. "Not very nice, it is boy?" She growled, wishing that their position would let him have her fake cock forced down his throat as he had done to her so many times before. For now, however, the elf was content with watching him be forced to suck the toy against his will. "Mmm... this is quite a nice view, mutt... I can see why you enjoyed it so much." she said with a grin, reaching back and gently rubbing the beast's cock; causing him to squirm and let out a low moan around the woman's dildo, the vibrations it caused making Frida gasp in pleasure. 

"Oh, you like this, mutt? Hmm? sucking a big cock?" Frida teased, "Look at how hard your cock is." she said with a smile, releasing the beast's hard shaft and pulling the glass dildo from the dog's mouth before looking down at it, the morning light that shone through the window hit the saliva that coated the toy, making it glisten. 

"Ugh! Fucking bitch!" The werewolf spat at the elf, causing Frida to smile. The werewolf coughed as he intruder was now free from his mouth, unused to such a feeling.

"Oh, little mutt. You are going to pay for that comment." Frida sneered, moving to the end of the bed with the spit-slicked dildo in her hand, almost as large as his own ten inch member. "You see, I was going to be nice. You know, stretch you out, maybe give you a rim job; but now? Oh... Now I'm going to fuck you like you fucked me. Fast, hard, and simply using you like a cocksleeve." she ssaid with a smile, leaning down to kiss his member, even as her 'cock' pressed against his entrance.

"No! no Alpha! Please! Don't do this!" Mitar begged, struggling against his ropes as the elf, slowly, pushed the thick toy into his virgin ass. "No! No I'm not gay! stop it!" He yelled, which earned his balls a slap by the elf

"This has nothing to do with being gay, Mutt." She said. "It's about ownership. I know a few elves who would love getting their asses pounded by their life partners." she said with a smile as, inch by inch, she pushed her 'cock' into the wolf with brute force.

The werewolf howled as he could feel his ass split open by the intruder, a burning, stretching, sensation as he was fucked by his new Alpha, forced to submit. "Nngh... Please.." He sneered. "Stop this."

"Why would I stop?" Frida said with a gasp. "Such a nice sight, to see the beast that fucked you raw get a taste of his own medicine." She groaned as the bulb inside of her, attached to the toy, rubbed against her G-spot. "Ooohhh.. Fuck yes you little mutt." the elf said with a groan, reaching up to fondle her tit with one hand, while caressing his thick cock with the other, her dainty hand being covered in pre-cum. "Oh, the little mutt likes it, doesn't he?" She said with a grin.

"Nngh." the werewolf huffed, as he suppressed a moan. "No! I don't!" he gasped, feeling the woman's glass toy press against his prostate, giving him a feeling he had never experienced before and it felt... good. The beast let out a gasp as he could feel the woman's warm lips wrap around his hot, red, rod. 

"Mmm... I don't think you've ever tasted so good, dog." Frida with with a smile, licking pre-cum from her lips as she leaned back. "You must be loving this." she continued before pushing another inch of the glass toy into the beast, causing him to yelp.

Mitar sneered at the woman, looking up at the ceiling as the burning pain of his ass stretching started to subside, his muscles beginning to relax around the intruder. "Oh..." He said as the woman pushed another inch inside, rubbing against his prostate causing him to reluctantly moan.

"What's was that?" Frida said with a grin. "You DO like it!" she said, surprised. "I was just teasing you before but... Mmm... You're just a little butt slut aren't you bitch?" she said, beginning to thrust into the furred beast, gliding smoothly in an out of his newly devirginized hole with a groan, each thrust in causing the bulb in her cunt to press against her G-spot, each thrust growing rougher as she spread his slick saliva around inside of his ass. 

"Mmm.. Beg me to touch your cock, boy." Frida moaned, gasping as her hips pressed against his furred ass, stopping and simply grinding against him, "Oh my... Taking all of me the first time... I couldn't take all of you the first time when you fucked me... I guess that means you must love cock more than I do!" she said with a chuckle.

"P-please my Alpha!" Mitar groaned, finding himself rolling his furred hips against the woman's 'cock' as he felt pre-cum almost pouring from his own shaft. "Please touch my cock... mmmm..." the werewolf moaned as he was fucked by the woman that used to be his slave. The glass toy pressed against his prostate like it was trying to squeeze every last drop from him. 

Frida smiled at the whimpering mass of fur that had once been her master as reached out to grasp his cock. "You know, mutt. I used to think that this was the best part of you." She said running her hand up and down his slick length. "But now? Now I know that the best part of you is your tight ass, mmm... Making my toy rub me in just all the right ways..." She groaned, looking down at the beast's tight hole swallow her strapon like a true whore. "Oh, mutt. If only you could see what I'm seeing right now..." She moaned, beginning to pick up her pace as she leaned down and began to lap at his cock, swallowing down the mouthfulls of pre-cum the spewed forth. "so good.." she muttered before taking more of his cock into her mouth. 

Mitar let out a howl of pleasure as the woman picked up her pace and swallowed his thick cock, melting to her will as she gave him more pleasure than he ever thought possible, the idea of feeling pleasure while being fucked like this had been a foreign concept. He rolled back against her hips instead of thrusting into her mouth which made the elf smile. 

Frida pulled herself off of his cock, "Oh, the little butt slut likes being fucked better than a blowjob?" she asked, leaning back with a groan as the dildo pressed against her G-spot inside of her.

The werewolf gasped, unable to form any words as the elf looked down at him with a smile before moving back to his thick member. "Mmm... so good..." She gasped around the thick meat. The werewolf whimpered as the woman fucked him while sucking on his thick cock. He could feel himself right on the edge of orgasm, before Frida pulled her mouth off of his cock and stopped thrusting without warning, leaving the werewolf to whimper as the woman left him feeling like he was right on the cusp of orgasm, the beast's cock twitching with need. 

Frida smiled as she looked down at the pitiful creature, having gone from her abusive master to the slave she was fucking with a dildo so quickly, and said, "What did I say? you have to ask to cum, remember?" she said with a smile.

Mitar gave a small whimper, looking up at the elf and, slowly, began to rub his ass back against her dildo, unable to control himself enough to not feel the pleasure of her dildo rubbing against his prostate, "Oh... Please... Let me cum..." He groaned, his movements causing the elf to gasp as she approached her own orgasm. 

"Mmm.. Not yet, mutt... Hold it back.. If you, mmm... cum before me... ahhh... I will give you what you gave.. mmm... me when I didn't pleasure you... oh fuck..." she threatened, moaning as the beast's self-fucking rubbed against her G-spot.

"Yes my Alpha..." the werewolf groaned as his cock dribbled more and more pre-cum into his soft fur, it took every ounce of willpower to not send himself over that edge. Instead, he clenched his ass to prevent her toy from moving inside of him and making him cum, but still allowing the part inside of her rub against her G-spot.

"mmm, good little mutt. Oh fuck.. Almost there... Mm..." the elf gasped as the toy brought her closer and closer to orgasm until finally, she could feel her cunt spasm around the glass bulb, her juices soaking the werewolf's ass as she yelled out in pleasure; gasping as she came down from her orgasm. "Oh... Yes.." She moaned, pulling the toy from the bound wolf, who whimpered in response.

"Please, Alpha... May I please cum?" He whimpered, his thick cock straining in the cool air as he watched the elf remove the toy from herself with a wicked grin.

"Why would I do that, mutt?" Frida asked, placing the toy onto a towel 

"I need to cum! Please! I'm so close!" the werewolf whined, thrusting his hips up into the air desperately, pulling against his rope binds. 

"Now you know how I felt when you finished with me just before I went over that edge."

"I'm so sorry! please! Tell me what I need to do to cum!" Mitar whined. 

"Hmm.. I'll tell you what. You tell me how that felt, and I'll let you cum." Frida said with a smile, moving back to the bed, her pert breasts bouncing as she steps towards the furred beast.

"I-It-You" the werewolf stuttered, unable to think straight for a moment before sputtering out, "It felt good." He whimpered

"Not good enough. Explain to me how it felt good. What it felt like." Frida responded with a smile, gently toying with the beast's heavy balls.

"The... toy... it pressed inside me, pushing against what felt like the inside of my cock, I've never felt anything like it." The werewolf said, if he didn't have fur the beast would be blushing, "And it stretched me... I hated it at first but as I relaxed it felt... good" the werewolf said, groaning at the woman's touches of his overly sensitive balls, her other hand beginning to dance along his shaft

"Good boy." The elf said, moving from her fingers dancing along his hot, sensitive, flesh to a firm grip, beginning to move up and down his pre-cum and spit covered cock with her fingers. 

"Oh, Alpha!" the wolf yelled out, struggling against the ropes that bound him to the bed, is hips moving up into the elf's hand with need, his cock had never been so hard! 

"Don't forget mutt... You need to beg me to cum." She said, beginning to quicken her pace along the hot, slick, flesh, which jumped and twitched in her hand. She enjoyed watching the werewolf act as her own little slave, she enjoyed the power she had over him as his cock twitched in her hand. 

"Please Alpha! Let me cum. I've never needed to cum so badly!" He whines, bucking his hips up into the woman's dainty hands, it felt like hours of torture, but in reality it was only a moment, before the elf finally said,

"Cum, mutt." Frida smiled as she spoke, the hot shaft in her hand pulsing before, finally, the beast had his way; his white seed spraying from his cock, which Frida pointed straight at the beast's face, causing him to cover his head in the powerful white seed, each spurt slightly weaker than the last. 

"Oh, thank you!" Mitar groaned as he finally was allowed to cum, his balls clenching as he began to cover himself in the white seed, his dark fur having a damp, white, line from the top of his head down to the tip of his cock, a puddle forming as his orgasm subsided, his cum simply dribbling out of his shaft, leaving him an exhausted mess. 

Frida smiled and lapped up a few drops from her hand with a smile "Mmm.. Good boy." she said, as though he was a dog who had sat on command. "Now then. I'm going to go clean up, you stay right there and think about how wonderful your Alpha is for letting you cum." she said with a smile, walking away from the bed, leaving the werewolf alone with just the sound of a shower to keep him company as he sat there, covered in his own seed.

"No! Wait! Let me go!" He yelled out, but Frida ignored the beast's cries, causing him to struggle and pull against his binds, his struggles fruitless as his thick seed began to cool and dry to his fur. He was hers, she had all the cards right now, and there was nothing he could do about it.