 ok hopefully I can make this one long enough to appease many of you. i'll be putting more then a few weeks of time into this if I can.

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

Lewis felt weird cutting class like this, But after killing your teacher's demonic partner, it was probably best to put some distance between yourselves. Maggie was walking with a skip in her step regardless of being the reason for all of this. Lewis looked over her more thoroughly now that he had the chance.

She was kinda short, looking no taller then 5'4", her hair was thick and greasy looking, often sticking to her cheek as it bobbed with her bouncing steps. Her eyes looked relatively human except for an odd glossy shine to them, complete with a small nose and mouth, she completely enveloped the term of "petite". Her body looked like it was stuck in the "just developing" stage, She looked too small and thin to be an adult. The whole thing turned into just plain weird with the maggot comically stretched over herself like a cocktail dress.

Maggie caught him giving her the once over and smiled brightly at him, revealing a pair of mandibles at the corners of her mouth, which clapped together as if to express her glee. Lewis raised an eyebrow at them, shocked and only slightly weirded out by them.

Maggie finally broke the silence by asking some questions that have been bouncing around in her head.

"So, what's your room like? You got a big TV and a comfy bed to laze around on while we play? What systems and games?" Her eyes sparkled with awe as she asked each question with a seemingly increasing fascination with the potential answer.

"To be honest I barely got a look at it before I went to class. I was kinda rushed out the door by my..." Lewis stopped for a moment, not sure what to call his demon partner and her friend at the moment, nor if it was ok to reveal that one had more then one contract in circulation.

"You got a roomie?! A boy or a girl? Do they play games too?"

"Ummm...not sure. Again I was rushed out the door."

Maggie laughed at his lack of answers. "Bet they wanted you out so they could get laid while they skipped class."

"Well, you might be close on that..." Lewis said as he considered the fact that Yuna was a lust attuned demon. As he reached for his door handle he was ready to catch her mid-fuck.

"Welcome to my room Maggie, treat it like home." Lewis said with a gentlemanly flare as he waved her in.

Maggie stepped in, all bright eyed with wonder, only to have that feeling fade instantly at the bare dorm. "What the fuck!?" She looked at the bare wall, where a 60" HD TV could sit very nicely, at the bed, that looked like an IKEA abortion, the blank spots on every dresser or end table that could use the added flare of collectables and game themed merch. "What kinda of vanilla bullshit are you selling me here!?"

Lewis gave her a playful chop to the back of the head. "AGAIN! I haven't had anytime to decorate. If you got anything you might wanna bring in, that won't violate any school rules or kill anyone, I don't see any problem in you adding a personal touch."

"Perfect!" Maggie suddenly shrieked, pushing Lewis out of the room and slamming the door behind him. "Don't you dare peek until i'm done!"

"...ok" Lewis raised an eyebrow in confusion before shrugging and turning around to look up and down the halls.

He got lost in thought, wondering where Yuna could of have gone in the short time that had passed since he went to class. He caught two students rounding the corner in a hurry, carrying something that suggested that they were up to mischief. He chuckled to himself as he pictured things going horribly wrong for them. A few more minutes passed as he got bored again and made a small ball of magical energy and passed it between his hands before making more and juggling them. He heard sounds of things landing heavily in his room and the assorted sounds of renovation, making him wonder just what she was up to that needed what sounded like a miter saw.

A cold hand on his shoulder made him jump and drop the balls in his hand, making them poof into smoke as they landed on the ground. Spinning around he was nose to nose with Yuna who looked at him like he wasn't suppose to be there.

"You should be in class Mister Alexander, why are you standing outside your room?" Her tone somehow combined a scolding tone with an inquisitive one.

"Umm...A bit of a long story, but I was in class, and lets just say the demon I summoned performed beyond expectations."

"Oh, so you have summoned a Sloth Demon successfully?" Yuna clapped lightly, celebrating early.

"Yeah...she's in the room right now, apparently redressing my room cause the site of it's plainness is offensive to her."

"Oh dear, well it is best not to offend a demon partner, you also shouldn't let one run amuck in what will be a shared space for all of us."

"You sure it's safe for you guys?"

"The school is for witches and warlocks to summon and learn to "control" demon partners, aside from the odd school yard bullying there is no danger, I assure you."

"I meant more for me having more then one demon partner, isn't there a rule or a law or a general safety about it?"

Yuna adopted a stern, teacher like expression, "There is no rule that stops someone from summoning and contracting more then one demon, it's just increasingly dangerous. Anyone with a poor pool of Mana wouldn't last long, but we don't care if someone bites of more then they can chew."

Lewis was suddenly soaked in a cold sweat, wishing he had been warned of just such a danger. "You couldn't tell me this before?! And you guys practically forced me to summon a second demon!"

"We felt you were indeed strong enough for a second demon, and sloths are generally peaceful, I don't think she will put you in any danger."

Lewis was about to respond when the door to his room began to creak open. Maggie stepped out covered in sawdust and splotches of dirt. With a bright smile she announced her task to be done and met with the eyes of Yuna, who stared back with frozen panic. Faster then his eyes could see she had thrown her head to the floor and bowed submissively to Maggie.

"Overlord Maggie! T-To what do we owe this unexpected surprise?!" Yuna quickly pulled Lewis down to the ground by his arm and held his head to the ground. "Forgive my friend mistress Magthalia! He isn't aware of the hierarchy of the demon realms yet!"

Maggie couldn't stop laughing uproariously at the grovelling demon. "Gahahaha! Oh my god you should see your face! Oh this is priceless! I haven't had anyone call me Overlord since I was born! Man, this brings back memories."

Lewis was in shock, he had summoned not just any old sloth demon, but an overlord? Just what kind of power did this girl posses?

Yuna couldn't relax despite the atmosphere, "Mistress Magthalia? W-why have you submitted yourself to a lowly demon contract? Surely you have better things to do with your time?"

"Relax...um, what's your name anyway?" Maggie scratched the top of her head in confusion as she looked at the ice demon with a puzzled expression.

"Forgive my neglect Overlord Maggie! I am Yuna, a Yuki-Onna...I...um, I hail from..." Yuna cursed herself, she wasn't prepared for this. She couldn't fight an overlord, nor would she ever be foolish enough to lie to one. She was as good as reported to the Hellions!

"Relax Yuna, I don't know what rumors follow my name but for the last two thousand years i've been huddled up in my personal dimension playing all the games humans have to offer. If someone is running around terrorizing hell under my name it wasn't me.

Yuna let out a stuttering breath, were the rumors false? Did Overlord Maggie not control 7% of the realm of sloth by force? "M-Mistress Maggie--"

"Just Maggie jeez! I ain't here to rule over no one." Maggie said exasperated.

"M-Maggie then, is it not true then that you own nearly 7% of the realm of sloth? Aren't you the Overlord with the most controlled land in all 7 sins?"

"No, that's true, but all of my land is simply covered in the maggots I control. I never really wrestled control over any demon, my brood just kept expanding. I'm more or less just an Overlord in name really."

Yuna's pupils shrank in both fear and surprise. "Your brood expand over ten thousand miles of demon land?"

"Yeah, something like 72 billion maggots I think. I never counted them all but they range from the size of elephants to normal maggot sizes. Anyway your eating up precious gaming time! Come on Master!" Maggie grabbed Lewis and practically threw him across the room onto the bed.

The dorm had changed drastically. It even looked like it expanded. On the wall, just as she had hoped, a large 60" HD tv displayed the title screen of a video game, running from one of the many systems ornately placed around the tv on a revolver style turn wheel. Desk lamps illuminated the room, ranging from a luminescent Piranha plant from the Mario series, to a Bomb from the Final Fantasy series. The bed and sheets were shaped to resemble the N64 and looked large enough to sleep eight bodies comfortably, twice that number for an orgy probably. Banners and posters for various Anime's and Video games were bunched on the walls so much that it looked like wallpaper. Lewis couldn't hold it in...

"Woooooooow...if it wasn't for all the demons around i'd say i've died and gone to heaven..."

Maggie giggled at the compliment. "I knew you'd like it! Now come on, I warmed up the game! Lets get old school with Ninja Turtles for the Super!"

Yuna could only watch on in complete shock as her friend's master engaged for hours in games with a woman who ruled the upper echelon of demon kind, A woman who, if the stories would be believed, secured the largest amount of land in a few (demon) nights. And now, here she is, giggling and playing games with a mortal like it was something she did everyday. It just wasn't right.

After a few more hours of listening them grunt and exclaim in reaction to the games they were playing Yuna decided to find a spot to sit down and read. She'd have to scan history books to get a lead on what, if anything, happened to Maggie since her demeanor was definitely not the behavior of an Overlord. This one may very well be an imposter.

The day went by like a ballistic bat shot out of a cannon for the gaming duo. Before Lewis even knew it, the sun had set and midnight was nearing. His first day of school consisted of less then an hour in an actual classroom. And stranger still no one was pounding down his door to drag him away for killing a teachers demon partner. He breathed a sigh of relief just as the cruel mistress of Karma decided to make her presence known.

With a sharp bang his dorm room door flew open, standing in it was the clearly pissed off Noxica. Without a single word she thrust her syringe tipped tail at Lewis and jammed it deep into his forehead.

"YOU! Just what the fuck are you doing?! You were sent here to summon a demon! And now I find you fucking around with some classmate?"

Yuna wanted to interrupt and tell Noxica how the "classmate" was his demon, and the dangerous nature of his companion. But Noxica was too quick in reprimanding her master.

With a snap of her fingers the room "blinked" into the arena where Lewis and Yuna had first sparred. Yuna knew this meant that Noxica clearly thought Maggie was just a human contractor, and was about to have a less then friendly duel with the pair.

"Noxiclew--" Yuna's words were cut short by a strange pressure in her throat, it wriggled like it was alive. Gagging she tried to spit out whatever it was that was clogging her windpipe and stopping her from warning Noxica about the true identity of Lewis' friend.

"Let her have her fun Ice Queen, it's been way to long since I had to use my legs." Maggie looked over her shoulder at Yuna with a smile of sadistic glee.

"I ain't your everyday demon girl...hey wait...is that...a Maggot your wearing?" Noxica said, finally taking the time to notice the girl in detail.

"Yeah sorry...I had to get dressed in a hurry, someone summoned me while I was busy..." Maggie's eyes suddenly burst wide, "Oh my god my game! It's still running! I gotta get back to it!" Maggie took a pose like she was trying to jack knife dive into a pool, but nothing happened. Suddenly she started to ramble in a panic.

Noxica just laughed at her discomfort. "Haha! the duel has already been set girly. Your not getting out of here until a winner is decided!"

Maggie glared a look of pure murder at Noxica as she listened to her. "You mean until I kick your bloated glossy ass around this arena I ain't gonna be able to get back to my game?"

"That's right..." Noxica said with a taunting hiss.

The match started with two loud bangs. Lewis didn't even know what the hell made the noise until the dust settled and a small crater where Maggie was standing came into view, followed by the slow reveal of Noxica at the tail end of a twenty foot twin set of tracks, feet firmly planted in the piles of loose dirt.

Maggie was standing at the other end of the trail, her fist smoking like they show on fighting scenes in animated shows. Shaking her hand to whisk away the smoke she growled.

"Your looks are deceiving. Your clearly a lust demon, but only a war demon has those kind of reflexes...So that tail isn't just for dispensing your aphrodisiac is it?"

As if to confirm her question, the maggot she was wearing squealed in pain and began melting away, leaving her standing naked before her Lust attuned opponent.

"I'm a poison master, with over 5000 different affects at my disposal, and only a few dozen antidotes at the ready. So you best make sure I don't poke you."

Never one to stand around naked, Maggie snapped her fingers and summoned a new wardrobe. Donning a Deep Red men's large hooded sweater that hung over her hips nearly to her knees and held firm to her torso with a simple black belt.. Under the hem a pair of hot pants no longer then 4 inches, giving the impression that she wasn't wearing anything beyond the sweater. In an homage to her gamer nature, a Shyguy mask was strapped to the hood, sitting off to the side as to not disrupted her vision. She left herself bare foot, never really liking footwear. 

Once she was done appraising her new look she locked gazes with Noxica once more. "Your only gonna get that lucky once cock hound."

The taunt towards her Lust nature worked as Noxica charged Maggie once more. Several sonic booms echoed through the air and blow capable of denting hardened titanium were exchanged. Neither seemed to be able to gain an edge, even with insulting exchanges of taunts. Yuna stared with baited breath, fearful for Noxica's life, but terrified of upsetting the Slothful Overlord. Lewis however had stars in his eyes as he watched his two partners exchange blows in a manner he could only dream of.

Maggie got the first upper hand by revealing a talent unique to an overlord. Grabbing Noxica's syringe as she attempted to stab her, she announced her attack in typical game like fashion.

"Overlord Special: Infect SinNA!" An odd purple glow started to radiate from Noxica as she suddenly couldn't find the energy to stand, falling to her knees and struggling to lift her head to growl at Maggie.

"What...did you...do...to me!" She gasped for breath like it took everything she had just to speak those words.

"I rewrote your SinNA temporarily. Now your a Sloth War demon, aren't you happy not to be a slut anymore?" Maggie leaned close to Noxica's face, smiling smugly as she flicked the defenseless demon girl in the nose.

Noxica growled as angrily as Yuna had ever heard. The ground around her was actually beginning to glow red with an obvious heat. Yuna knew what this was, every war demon has "boiling blood" coursing through them, and Noxica was forcibly boiling it hotter, making it heat the area around her.

"Oh, neat trick, but you do realize that now that your a sloth demon altering your energy will through you out of whack right?"

Noxica stared daggers at Maggie as she felt the first pangs of what she knew was Maggie's point. Her arm twitched as she tried to push herself back up to her feet and made her lose balance, falling back onto the ground. She tried several more times only for different body parts to act differently then how she wanted them and force her to fall back into the dirt. Boiling with pure anger she pulled out her own trump card, getting caught up in the spirit of things and announcing her "attack".

"Pure Rage!" Noxica screamed out as she jabbed her spine with her syringe tail and injecting what looked like magma into her veins. She rolled around screaming for a few moments before finally calming down. Steam rolled off her like she was a hot spring on a snowy mountain top, her skin was glowing just like the same substance she had just injected herself with, and her upper and lower fangs were almost thrice as pronounced as before. 

Maggie whistled, impressed, and began to slow clap her admiration of her opponent. But she barely slapped her palms together when she felt a sudden pressure in her rib cage. In the blink of an eye she was sent flying to the other side of the arena, falling just short of becoming part of the wall.

"Fuck, that was nasty, I'd I hadn't adjusted my personal weight and gravity i'd of been a stain for sure...This slut's got game that's for sure. Injecting yourself with pure undiluted liquid sin to overcome my SinNA skill..." Maggie popped her dislocated shoulder back into place and stood ready, having detected Noxica's aggressive advance.

Lewis wouldn't have been able to see the carnage that ensued with his untrained eyes. But in the span of three seconds those two went all out.

Noxica darted in, attempting to pound Maggie's head into the dirt under her feet with and overhead punch. Maggie blocked, using her powers to once against affect their respective weights and personal gravity, deflecting her attack and countering with a blow to Noxica's stomach. Noxica resisted the blow as much as she could, wrapping her tail around Maggie's arm to prevent her from being blasted back. Rolling with the strike however Noxica flipped backwards and delivered a dropkick right to Maggie's jaw, untwisting her tail from Maggie's arm and returning to her feet, ready to fight more.

Maggie bounced off the wall a few feet behind her, reeling from the harsh blow to her jaw. She was about to counter with her trump card when she noticed the arena was rapidly becoming enveloped in smoke. Both demons were caught off guard and began suffocating in the acrid cloud. In a matter of minutes they were both coughing hard unable to get a ounce of air from the thick fog. Minutes later, both were pacified and the smoke rolled away and collected beside the mildly conscious bodies of the two demons, taking the form of Atrixia.

"You both need a time out! Do you have any idea how reckless this display of power is!" Her furious gaze darted over to Lewis who was stammering, trying to defend himself with any excuse he could muster. But Atrixia wasn't having it, slapping him across the cheek as hard as she could to silence him. "You! I thought we sent you to school to learn how to control your demons! Why are you letting them run amuck like this!"

"I didn't think they were going to take it this far!" Lewis stammered in defense.

*smack* "Of course they are gonna take it this far! They are fucking demons retard!" *Smack, smack* "Return to your dorm room..." Atrixia sighed as she rubbed her temples. "I'll talk to these two...hopefully tomorrow morning they will be more cooperative..." She picked up the two young demons by the collars of their shirts and puffed away in a cloud of smoke. Leaving Yuna and Lewis alone.
