 Ok I know I promised longer but I got looking over my plot plan and found things a little too fast paced. I needed a chapter to calm things down after a new character. So now without further ado is the bigger, better, meatier chapter!...that didn't come out right...

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

Atrixia took another long drag of her pipe and sighed out the smoke once more, staring down Lewis with an increasingly volatile glare. She had him sitting there ready to lecture him for hours about what he was doing wrong, but every time she stopped short of opening her mouth to unload because she couldn't make the point without risking telling him more than he needed to know.

She took in another deep breath from her pipe and let it out in a long exhale.

"What is wrong with you..." she started rather somberly. "You're a descendant of the null mages; arrogant, egotistical warlocks who gave no shits about what they destroyed in their quest for power. Yet you came here in tears 'cause you thought you killed a demon, then, after saving her, you enslave her in a asinine contract to give her back the powers she used to try an kill you...And now!...I find you pitting your demon familiars against each other in near death combat..."

"To be fair-" Lewis started before Atrixia swung her hand across the smoke filled air, somehow making a solid hand out of the smoke that then slapped him harshly across the cheek.

"Control! You must control your demons and your sins! You sat back 'cause of your sin of Sloth, you didn't care about the outcome 'cause if one killed the other you'd have one less problem!" Atrixia growled.

"NO!" Lewis' voice exploded with his rage, creating a gust of power that cleared the air of smoke. "I'll admit that I am lazy! But under no way would I condone the killing of someone!" Lewis said as he stared Atrixia down with the conviction of a warrior on the battle field.

"So your admitting defeat before a fight even gets started? People are going to challenge you! They are going to try and kill you AND your demon cohorts! And you're just going to "put up a good fight"?" Atrixia half taunted. She knew he wasn't prideful, but he wasn't ambitious either.

Lewis growled under his breath. "I won't lay down and take it, that's a whole different scenario. I'm saying that I won't let things get out of hand over something trivial."

"That was clearly getting out of hand, without control over your powers both of those two would of killed you!" Atrixia growled then sighed, trying to calm herself down. Rubbing her temples she sat back down and took another long drag on her pipe, sighing long as she decided to go all in.

"You don't understand your demons as well as you think you do...Noxica has a very dark past, even for a demon..." She glared at Lewis who was still standing near his chair. "Sit, this is a long story, and if you breathe a word of this again I will slow roast you and eat you in a way you would not enjoy..."

Lewis shrank back into his chair, listening intently to what Atrixia was about to say.

/\/\/\

Noxica was born from a War demon father, and a Lust attuned mother. Now under most circumstances a war demon cannot breed, but her father was different. He was a demon who enjoyed brutalizing women, violently. He would demean them, dominate and break them, physically and spiritually. He has even offered power to humans of your world; to names like Jack the Ripper, Leather face, and Genghis Khan. Cruelty was his bread and butter.

Her mother was a poison expert, and had a flare for the nurse role play. It's odd seeing a creature of sin constantly dressed like a caregiver... her favored method of getting the poisons in her prey were of course, a comically oversized needle. She had a sense of humor about her, but she was cunning as well.

Noxica's father eventually found that torturing and raping human woman was not a very challenging endeavor and soon turned his sights inside Hell. Many lust demoness' fell to his mighty muscles, and it was Noxica's mother who stepped up to solve the problem. She endured brutalities the likes of which you have never seen. Every night she would retire to bed with broken bones, countless bruises, cuts, scrapes, scars, and even the occasional missing body part. But she returned to him each day, and took what he had to give, sparing others from his cruelties, returning home and repairing herself as needed.

Each passing day he made her endure more and more, as there is no greater insult to a War demon than the false pride they give themselves. Every woman fell before him, and begged him to stop, But Noxica's mother never screamed, never begged, never even shed a tear. She acted like a lifeless doll as she was beaten and tortured, never giving him the joy he feasted upon in those moments.

As you could guess he eventually tired of trying to break her, and planned to kill her. But she had planned for that. From the very start she injected herself with a pheromone that would eventually entice him to lust. Every day that he was exposed to her scent, every drop of blood that he would drink from her days in torture, they all slowly whittled away at his spirit. And by the time he decided she had to die, he couldn't bring himself to do it. He had her head between his hands, completely ready to crush her skull like a clump of sand, but his heart stopped him.

And that's when she turned the tables, while he was defenseless, she injected him with the purest form of lust there was, the liquid body of "the essence of lust". What ensued was the most savage fucking any world had ever seen. All across the plane of lust you could hear him slam his cock into her fertile snatch. Screams and moans permeated the air for countless nights and days. It would have been a miracle if somehow she didn't end up pregnant with how much seed she took, as infertile as a war demon tends to be.

She kept the child a secret from him as long as she could, but the world knew of their dalliance, and even a demon cannot hide a pregnancy for too long. But, the woman that she was, she had planned things out, I swear she had to have the gift of clairvoyance. Seven months pregnant...And that's when he found her again, and took his vengeance. I will spare you the details, but let's just say that Noxica was born by an un-medicated C-Section.

Her father had every intention of killing the child too. He wanted to tear her out and crush her in front of her dying mother's eyes. But, again something stopped him, He knew what it was this time. He sniffed at the blood that covered his body and detected the poison that was seeping into him. She was incredibly elaborate in making this poison, it was designed to prevent one from acting against the SinNA of the various components that are added to it. She had injected it into her own blood and that made it stop anyone from hurting her should they taste her blood, but, when it was absorbed by him, it added his own code to it, meaning that the complete mix of their bloods could not be harmed...their child.

/\/\/\

Lewis sat completely enraptured by the tale. He had so many questions he didn't know where to start. Moreover he was horrified by the morality of demons, sure the various religions and such warned of these exact details, but to hear the details of the events was far more brutal than the warnings of the church.

"Noxica's life as a misfit devil has not been kind. Her father wants to kill her, and her mother was killed by him. She is a child who wants her father's love, but she will never get it 'cause he didn't even want her. She can't find her purpose." For the first time since he has seen her, Lewis saw what could have been a look of sorrow cross Atrixia's face for a moment.

"Damn..." was all Lewis could summon for the moment. "So, she is fighting so hard, trying to deny her Lust because she believes her father would love her if she was just a War demon?"

"Precisely, but her genetic make-up requires her to ingest sperm. She can eat blood like him, but if she doesn't regularly enjoy the Lusts of life she will enter a state of "Whorelust" and become something far worse than what she is.

Lewis couldn't help but snicker at the title of the affliction. "It sounds aptly named. I imagine it's like a blood craze but more for sex?"

Atrixia nodded as she took a long drag of her pipe. "It comes with a few drawbacks though. "Whorelust" does not cease until a pheromone compound from pregnancy is detected, but she has received the infertility trait from her War demon half..."

Lewis' eyes widened at the implication. "So...she would become an insatiable raping machine?"

"With access to poisons that can prolong ones performance at the cost of their life..." Atrixia added.

Lewis' eyes shook with the image his mind conjured about that scenario. It was like a mix between the "Venus De Milo" painting and a rendition of the various genocides throughout history. He gulped audibly before speaking. "So...I need to make her accept her Lust demon half? I'm sorry but given her past I can barely see her listening to anything I say to her, let alone being able to stop her from doing what she wants."

"You're afraid of taking responsibility." Atrixia said with a piercing gaze into his eyes. "You're not going to fool me child, I can look into your past with Clairvoyance, I know all about those little mental hang ups you refuse to change. And at first glance, I wanted you dead, all I saw was space for an ego to form. But, now I see that your mix of sins makes for a foundation capable of doing just what I need you to do..." Atrixia took a small drag from her pipe before continuing. "The Hellions are coming for us soon Lewis Alexander, and I can't protect the girls from them. If you're not going to help them help themselves, than you're condemning them to die. I'm trusting you here, to do what I cannot, 'cause even if you refused to, I would kill you. And if you fail to do so, the last Null mage still dies...so it's win-win for the demons either way, but not for the demons you know."

Lewis went cold, his mind realizing what she was saying. He was being thrust into the role of hero, like a lucky peasant who just happened to vanquish a dragon with a blindly thrown rock. "You...you're a..."

"Demon...correct. Mercy is for the weak, which I am not, but you however..." A sadistic smile slowly grew on her lips. "You are very weak, not even a challenge if I decided to stop putting up with your bullshit...so get serious, or the girls are going to eat meat for the first time in years..."

Lewis didn't even look back as he bolted from the room in a rush to escape the seemingly sadistic demon woman. He ran down countless halls blindly, eventually getting lost in its halls. Before he knew it he had forced his way through two giant ornate doors and slammed them shut. Looking around the room to try and grasp where he was.

Books lined shelves pulled high enough to look like they bent under the weight of the knowledge kept within. Everything had a wooden look to it, yet shined like polished gold, accompanied by accents of red. Lewis craned his neck back to look at how high the ceiling was, and he assumed that this room spanned 4 whole floors high. His revelry was interrupted as he walked gently into something soft yet cold. He didn't even need to hear her talk to know it was Yuna he had collided with.

Yuna giggled softly at him as he stepped back. "We simply must find a new form of greeting each other Lewis, I fear I may bruise if you keep running into me." she joked.

"Oh, Yuna...What are you doing here? And what is here anyway? A...Library?" Lewis asked unable to hide is awe.

"Indeed it is, filled with hidden and forbidden knowledge from all of demon kind. It's kinda my thing to learn stuff..." Yuna answered with a slight blush.

"Your thing? Like a habit?"

"More like a fetish..." Yuna held an open book close to her chest, in the same way an embarrassed bookworm type girl would in your typical slice of life animated show.

The word "fetish" echoed in Lewis' mind for a moment before a soft dripping sound interrupted his train of thought. He looked down to his feet to see a small steaming puddle under Yuna's feet. 

"Ummm...are you...melting?" He asked confused and concerned.

Yuna's once bluish white skinned turned heavily scarlet as her embarrassment grew to new heights. She couldn't believe she had been spotted in her little sanctuary let alone seen in the worst of states; indulging in one's own pleasures.

"Oh dear me, you've seen me doing the most embarrassing thing! To be seen indulging myself in public like this...This must be how a succubus feels when she is salivating over a meal!" Yuna's ramblings were lost on Lewis, who was unsure what she meant by it all. He was about to ask her to clarify when he spotted the title of the book she read.

"Anatomy of Demons" sounded like something your preteen would look through in hopes to get some cheap thrills from the naked pictures. Yet his mind was now racing with the possibilities that book could help him achieve.

"Hey, Yuna...are you still reading that book?"

"Huh?" Yuna had barely been paying attention to him as her mind had begun racing with lecherous thoughts of a hot liaison right in the library.

"That book, could I maybe read it for a second?" Lewis reached out his hand as he asked, awaiting her answer.

"Whatever for?" Yuna thought for a moment before a playfully evil look crossed her face. "My my, do you wanna see all the naughty bits of different demons Mister Lewis? You naughty boy you..."

Lewis raised an eyebrow at the antics of the ice woman. She was acting weird today and he had no clue as to why. He was about to ask her if she was alright again when he felt her press right up against his side and trap his bicep in her cleavage while opening to book in front of them.

"So what do you want to learn? The shape of a succubus womb? The inner workings of an incubus' penis? oh oh! How about how a succubus can breathe even while being spit roasted?!" Yuna seemed way to into the sexual aspect of things to Lewis. He'd always thought he'd enjoy a girl so into sex yet seeing her first as the brainy, slightly loner, know-it-all made this attitude seem wrong.

"Seriously Yuna, what's up with you? You're never this into things."

Yuna only groaned and shivered in response, a loud splash resonating afterwards. Lewis felt his pant leg suddenly get soaked to the threads. He looked down to see that Yuna's legs had disappeared and that a slowly growing pool of slightly milky liquid was forming around them. He looked horrified at Yuna for a moment before she cooed out an explanation.

"Oh dear, it appears I can't hold it in any longer, my heat has melted my legs off..."

"Heat?!" Lewis panicked mentally. "She's in heat? Well she is a lust attuned demon...I guess she has those needs...but if her lust gets her so worked up why does she let it get this bad?"

"I need you Lewis..." Her voice dripped with lustful intent so badly that he wouldn't be shocked if she was salivating. "I need you inside me, I need that boiling hot seed of yours to melt this hungry body of mine into a pool of our mixed juices."

"Tempting offer..." Lewis politely started. "But I'm not really here to do that...I really need to study."

"But this is still anatomy Mister Lewis, after all those important bits are inside of me..." Yuna concentrated her power in her body as she stripped away her Yukata. Lewis watched as her translucent body slowly formed a birth canal, womb, and every other important sexual appendage inside her. Lewis groaned as he fought his hormonal urge to test them out.

"You are right...but I think I'd still rather learn from the book."

"Oh but we both know that won't work, you said it yourself, you're a "hands on learner" right?" Yuna crawled towards him, climbing his legs to meet his gaze point blank. "I can teach you everything you need to know with my body." She leaned in closer, breathing audibly as she attempted to seal their lips together. Millimeters before contact was made a glass sounding ting filled the air just as Lewis closed his eyes, too scared to watch as his own lusts were about to end him.

The air around him seemed extremely cold all of the sudden. He slowly cracked open one eye to see the once golden library now covered in a blue-white layer of ice. Yuna was still clinging to him but frozen like the rest of the library.

Lewis was about to panic thinking he just froze everything when Atrixia giggled from behind a nearby bookshelf, waltzing out as she dragged on her pipe.

"Do you see now, the consequences of being so weak willed Lewis? Yuna is a studious demon, constantly hungry to learn more and more. When she learns a lot she gets unsettled like this and returns to a basic lust demon. She has learned to drive her lusts in a new direction. She lusts for knowledge, to know things no one else does. So, forbidden knowledge like the kind that fill this library are her desires. We demons cannot completely change what we are..."

Lewis, was frozen in fear still, but slowly he was calming down as Atrixia explained everything. "So, you're saying that no matter what I or even Noxica do, she can't change that she is a lust demon?"

Atrixia shrugged, "In a way, you can't change that she is driven by desire, but you can change what it is she desires. Right now, she wants her father's love and approval, but she is so independent now a days that I can't think of anything she might want more than that."

Lewis' eyes widened in a moment of clarity, knowing something that someone attuned to wrath might want. "What about power? Station? Strength? Conquerors from times before all wanted a kingdom, people under their rule of thumb. Surely she could too."

"I've already tried, she is interested in power only to show her father she has it. Which is why you are a sore spot for her. Not only was she bested by an untrained wizard, she has had her power stolen and sealed as well. Even if you were to return it, if word got out and her father learned of it, she would never be able to face him at all."

Lewis shivered at Atrixia's words. Though what she was describing was more of a pride aspect, he understood how it could affect a wrath demon; no powerful conqueror was brought down to heel midway in his quest, he rose to heights until he fell in a grandiose way, to be remembered for ages to come. Lewis had unknowingly, and single handedly ruined her reputation.

"I see now, by making that contract to help her restore her power I've put her shame at risk of exposure haven't I?"

"Indeed, any demon capable of reading another contract can pull hers out of the Aether and make it known. Which has also exposed us to the Hellions. As I said before, we are being hunted, and I doubt it'll take any more than two more days for them to corner us. You've got to learn to control your powers Lewis, and command your sins..."

/\/\/\

The sounds of combat filled the air, grunts and groans followed by the sounds of beams and blasts, explosions and the thuds of heavy hitting blows. Lewis was sat in one corner of his bed zoning out in his own thoughts as Maggie was living it up online with the latest side to side beat 'em up game. So attuned was she to the game that unlike most gamers, the only part on her that moved was her wrists and fingers, absolutely no unnecessary movements made.

After enjoying her one thousands flawless victory, accompanied by the angry swearing of the other players audio feed played through the surround system, she tossed the controller on the bed and stretched out her arms and legs, popping almost every joint imaginable that had settled in her sloth. She rolled onto her back and regarded her master with a wary sigh.

"You seem unusually downtrodden tonight. Something ruin your day?" she inquired as she ran a hand through her greasy hair.
