 a long absence of chaotic events of life has kept me from even advancing the plot. along side a friends nigh attempted suicide you can see why my mind hasn't been on sexy adventures... but alas i have come back to attempt to revive my audience. we are in for a mixture this time so cocks out and tissues ready (and whatever it is the ladies do...do i even have a female following???)

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

A burst of energy crackled through the air as Noxica's fist slammed into Lewis' palm, his stance was perfect and timing of his use of weight and gravity control beyond Maggie's expectations. Noxica's next flurry of blows were deflected with chauvinistic ease as Lewis took a Rock Lee stance. He barely dodged the jabbing attempt from her needle tipped tail and countered with a leap at her nearly exposed crotch from behind, rubbing his nose in her sensitive, yet still covered, snatch.

Noxica growled with anger at his continued attempts to use sexual conduct in a serious bout, but also to try and keep her boiling blood focused on rage over lust. She hated how he was able to manipulate her emotions with his lack of seriousness. He would fight her seriously with blows intent on killing or even just breaking bones, yet every opening she failed to protect only got her teased sexually. Each time it infuriated her and boiled her blood, but that was only a quick burn that slowly started to die out to a mental need for his seed.

It has been two days since Atrixia had warned Lewis about what was to come, and he has trained almost nonstop since then; Sparring with Noxica, studying with Yuna, and enduring the boredom of sloth with Maggie.

The last was the most trying. He had to sit completely still, barely breathe, couldn't even twitch a muscle or move his eyes. He had to understand "True Inactivity" in order to control a sloths powers completely. It was strange when he caught a glimpse of the power of sloth. The world seemed to shift in a surreal way while staying the same. It was like he became the center of the universe, but not in the egotistical way. He suddenly recognized how just his presence affected his immediate area. He could feel the breeze pass through him as if he weren't there, yet if he concentrated on his presence it was like he suddenly became physical and the breeze parted around him again.

From there he learnt to control gravity and weight, and eventually camouflage his existence through meditation. He had then later began to try and master Noxica's special brand of spells, altering them to make them his own unique spin offs. He had changed "Bile" to work more as a smokescreen he would sweat out over breath out, to help avoid any inhalation like his first try at it.

By now he was just trying to keep all he had learnt as second nature, testing his reflexes and habitual reactions to see if, unconsciously, he would remember his new found abilities and use them in self defense. He was still more favored to a physical counter over magical, but his mind always seemed to remember they were an option at least.

With a few more arena shaking blows the match slowly died down, Lewis and Noxica both huffing for breath. Lewis cracked a smile, shaking his hands in an attempt to remove the partial numbness.

"So, wanna try it now? See if you can handle it?" He half goaded Noxica, not wanting to ignite his partners fury yet hook her.

"Back at you, you are only experimenting with the transformation after all. Maggie! ready to run interference?"

Maggie, busy stuffing her face with a popcorn bag labeled "Deep Fried Fleshy Bits" and a comically oversized theater cup of soda, filled with what could only be carbonized blood from the look of it, gave a thumbs up and a belch of approval. Lewis shook his head at seeing the sloth demon acting like the more uncouth sloth demons he was originally scared he would have to summon. He held his palms out and concentrated his energy between them. In moments a bright green and black orb appeared in his hands, inside three smaller orbs spiraled around in an atom like orbit. Red: symbolizing anger and rage. Purple: Lust and desires. And Brown: Patience and complacency...A very specific form of Sloth.

Slowly the red orb began to flow out of orbit and push its way out of the orb of Null energy, the other two orbs slowly adjusted their orbit, mirroring the other in a fashion like the sun and moon. When the red orb was fully out of the sphere of null energy Lewis suddenly burst into flames, when the fire died out what remained was a humanoid mimic of Lewis made of flowing lava. It roared loudly, the echoes off the distant arena walls coming back thrice just as loud before the next echoes began to die down. Noxica gulped as she prepared to fight what was in essence, Lewis' concentrated fury.

Her leap into his immediate strike area was easily detected and he attempted to counter with a full force straight arm to her mid section, She had intended to play her first strike defensively and easily limbo-ed under the strike, sliding between his legs behind him. As she righted herself he spun on his heel, trying to strike her temple with another full force blow from a reverse round house kick. He was no Chuck Norris and the move wasn't perfect, She took the opening to jam her needle into his crotch and return his sexual counters in kind. She barely got a drop into her syringe before his airborne foot came down in a stomp to crush her into the ground, Her syringe had stayed in his balls and only served to piss off the embodiment of anger more. Taking out his pain on the crumpled body before it, Lewis' began repeatedly smashing her into a crater in Hulk like fashion.

To blind in his anger, he never noticed the Mars size meteor above him until it was nearly on top of him. He held it above him like the statues of Atlas holding the world on his shoulders. Noxica barely had the energy to poof out of the Arena to safety before Maggie called out her attack.

"Cosmos Crush! Times Ten Gravity!" The rock suddenly became too heavy for the Embodiment of Ire and he was crushed underneath it with a dying growl of rage. Maggie immediately undid the attack and looked inside the moderately sized crater for her master. He was there, scratched and bruised like an unwilling gang bang victim, sans cum stains, but the blood made a fine substitute. With a spell she transferred her own energy to him and he got to his feet with a sore gait.

"Well, looks like your not exactly in control, but you can get out of it no problem." Maggie said while offering her master some of her "Deep Fried Fleshy Bits".

Lewis gently pushed the snack aside. "I Think Noxica still has a lot to teach me about rage and anger...I got way too much bottled up and no will to vent it..."

"That'll come in time." Noxica said as she limply floated in place on battered wings. "Most Wrath demons just constantly let it out, but those who hold high standings are usually the ones that focus it in some way. You just gotta find where to focus it."

"Oh! You could totally be all Broly about it, just go ape shit when you hear a crying baby." Maggie joked with animated joy.

"Yeah, that'd go over well..." Lewis said sarcastically. "Well...I think it's high time we retire for the night...I got class again tomorrow, and if rumors be believed, then this "Scrote" fella isn't the most forgiving teacher the college has on staff..."

"My turn as the little spoon!" Maggie squealed as she ran to her masters side and squished his arm against her chest.

"No argument from me..." Noxica said sourly as she landed on the ground to give her battered wings some rest.

Lewis sighed slightly, too tired to voice his thoughts. It was a compromise to help Noxica "Feed" and Maggie synchronize more with Lewis. Lewis' lusts tend to run rampant in his sleep, making him sleep walk a lot and start trying to hump Noxica while she rests. When she was "The little spoon" she would use her powers to slowly sap those lusts from him and feed her sexual hunger, though she personally hated how he constantly held her breasts when she was there. Maggie however countered his lusts by enhancing his sloth attunement, this would make him hold her close and use her body heat to regulate his own in his sleep. The drawback being that neither of them would be woken till well past noon.

/\/\/\

*in the far off corners of hell*

Atrixia could barely stand on her legs. Her red skinned limbs saturated in her near black blood. Before her growled a Hellion, A Hellhound. Looking not unlike a massive wolf without eyes and twice as many sharp and jagged teeth, this "scout" of the Hellions had managed to get deep in her territory unnoticed.

She was caught by surprise two days prior when its howl had alerted her that she had an unwelcome guest. But what sounded distant was actually waiting to pounce just outside her window. The struggle to defend herself left her weary, and the castle had been rendered into piles of stone.

The beast didn't rely on sight, so most of her spells were useless. And the fact that the beast had found her inside the protective barrier of acrid smoke she keeps the place surrounded in means it has grown accustomed to the smell. She knew she had the power to end this struggle, but the risk was far too great. She had to remain hidden, undetected by the Council.

"Fucking shit!" She spat, audibly complaining to no one in particular. "I'm just glad I don't have to waste energy protecting the girls..." She quickly caught her breath and ran at the beast, leaping up at its maw.

The Hellhound snapped at her, easily catching her in its mouth, and instantly regretting it and she held herself steadfast to its tongue, her body glowing like embers. The creature yelped and snapped trying to graze her with its rows of razors sharp teeth, but she moved and wriggled to avoid them, keeping her glowing hot body pressed to its tongue. She sensed it getting desperate and leapt out of his mouth just as is tried to bite down on her, making it pierce its tongue instead.

The victory didn't last long however. As Atrixia paused to catch her breath again the fresh wound began to heal up, and the hound was glaring back at her...well, his nose was pointed angrily in her general direction.

This was all Atrixia could ever manage to do. Retreat, manage a moment of respite, and wash rinse repeat. Each trick only worked once, and had to be altered to give her that small break. It was a miracle she lasted this long. In the back of her mind she could only imagine what other Hellions are on their way now...

/\/\/\

A girlish yelp and scream left Lewis' lips as he suddenly leapt from the bed, the feeling of his balls taking a dip in the Antarctic waters the cause of his outburst. Holding his warm palms against his blue balls he scanned the room for the cause of them, giving Yuna the stink eye as she bent back up, her hand returning from the spot where they were just cradling his balls.

"I need to invest in an alarm clock..." Lewis said dryly, not being a morning person.

"You have one" Yuna said ruefully, pointing to the blaring one beside the bed themed after Bayonetta, the switches to turn off the alarm and put it on snooze, erotically placed on her prominent, yet still clothed, breasts. He gave the one to shut it off an aggressive flick, to which the clock spoke seductively back.

"My my, someone's a little grumpy this morning..."

"That clock freaks me out..." Lewis sighed as he dressed for class, deciding on civilian clothes this time around.

He pulled Maggie up off the bed and slung he over his shoulders. letting her sleep like a tuckered out child in her fathers arms. He had yet to give her a bath, but he wasn't gonna try and struggle with her sleeping body to do it. He would have to do it first thing after class.

Yuna had given him directions to the path where he was to go and meet his new teacher and his specialized classrooms. It took a few minutes to find where he was headed, being unfamiliar with this side of the college. At a nearby hill a man in a worn out albeit ornate robe fit for a grand wizard cosplay was waiting for him. The near toothless grin made Lewis wish the man was completely toothless to spare him the horror of seeing it. The man looked at him with a slightly puzzled looked as he spotted the body over the young man's shoulder.

"I do hope that thing is still alive young man..." He said with a hint of dissatisfaction.

"It's a sloth demon...I imagine you know how they are..." Lewis responded dryly, too tired to censor the bite to his words.

"Indeed I do..." The old geezer said as he muttered something in what sounded like Latin, before poking the butt cheek of the sleeping demon. She leapt several feet in the air with a yelp of pain before landing and spinning around wondering what caused the sharp pain in her rear end.

"Sleep may be important for this one, but you must learn to control your demons boy...that is where my classes come in. Ms. Agrieta was too soft, trying to beat it into her students head that control is a must...Fear is far more effective..." The Scrote had almost muttered the last part under his breath. "Come, down the path less traveled you will find the classrooms, I have matters to attend to..."

Lewis gave the old man a weary raised eye brow as he turned to leave for whatever his prior engagement was. He looked at Maggie and gave her a shrug before walking the path down the road. What awaited him was a creature beyond description. The magnitude of her curvaceous sexuality couldn't be captured with the most elegant of languages, nor could the illicit thoughts it brought up be described with the most vulgar of street slang. Maggie had to enforce the flow of her masters Sloth attunement just to keep him from shooting off in his pants, she couldn't risk anything more without making her attempts obvious to the lust demon before her.

Her icy stare wouldn't need a psychic to let anyone seeing it know that what she was looking at could be compared to a diseased rat caked in shit living in a garbage bag. Lewis had to swallow what little pride he had to smile at her, which only seemed to further disgust her.

"Tits McGee I assume?" Lewis joked, only to be immediately slapped across the face. He didn't even see her move, and was skeptical she even physically slapped her. Her thin arms looked like they could barely hold up their weight, let alone strike someone that hard. She must be built to look usable simply for sex. "Mister Scrote sent me..." He was slapped again, more lightly this time, somehow he came to the conclusion he was being punished for just talking to her.

"Excuse me..." Maggie spoke with discernible protest as she stepped towards the offending succubus. There was a a sudden crawl to her skin as the Sloth demon approached her, but only so subtle that Maggie's well trained eye saw the movements. She knew Lust demons despised Sloth demons immensely, and she was banking on the rumors of her name here. "Lord Magthalia, Overlord of Sloth, pleasure to meet with a succubus of such high standing here amoungst the rabble. 'Tis strange to see one of the Bedmistresses around dabbling magicians..."

The woman could barely hold her icy glare as she locked eyes with the greasy looking girl. She felt her stomach churn and wanted to vomit. She quickly, albeit still seductively, gestured towards the nearby door, and instructed the two where their classroom would be, before returning to her near statuesque stance they spotted her in.

Inside Lewis emerged amoungst several other students. All waiting in a large room, each with their demon or in some rare cases, demons. Not many stood out, their was a rather thin looking girl with an Imp making rude gestures to any that made eye contact with him or his master, there was a growing group of various sin affinities talking rather intently amoungst one another. One that caught his eye was flanked by two beautiful, young looking Succubi. One, themed around the color green, was adorned with nigh form fitting robes, her primary and secondary sexual features on display while still covered up "decently". The other, seemed to like spandex, and the color red. These two and their master were having a quick conversation with another succubi owner. Lewis couldn't help but think the owner of the two succubi looked familiar for a moment before the Scrote entered and called in the class.

The class quickly situated themselves around the large lecture hall. Lewis taking a seat beside the man that had been talking to the owner of the two succubus earlier. Maggie, had immediately summoned a maggot the size of a Jack Russel, and proceeded to use it like a pillow.

"Wake me when class is over..." Her head hit the maggot and in cartoon fashion she was asleep, complete with the snot bubble coming from her nose. Lewis was about to warn her about what the Scrote did to her last time when her voice echoed inside his head.

"I'm asleep not unaware...Another Sloth trait to teach you...I'm using your eyes and ears so pay attention."

Lewis could only nod as he tried to focus on the lessons the Scrote was giving the class. His eyes tended to wander however, and his ears heard the familiar sounds of fellatio from beside him. He glanced over to see a blonde cheerleader type succubi on her knees, swallowing her masters cock like it was some kind of contest she was duly intent on winning. Lewis looked up momentarily to her master, he looked like he was enjoying it, so much so that when he saw he was being watched he gave Lewis a smile and a thumbs up gesture. Lewis tried to stay focused on the lesson in the center of class, but the sounds of sex just kept escalating beside him. Once again his eyes wandered around the classroom, spotting the kid with two succubus across the room, engaged in his own sexual battle with his green loving succubus, she looked like she was in the middle of a rather intense "cat and mouse" conversation with him. He felt that familiar lust inside himself grow for a moment before the chiding voice of Maggie broke the spell.

"Damn...Greenie there is powerful...she just tried to fixate your stare..." Maggie spoke in his mind, a tone of impression to her words.

"Why would she want to do that?" Lewis thought to Maggie.

"Any number of reasons, she is a succubus after all. She could be an exhibitionist and get off on being watched. She could of tried to enamour you and hook you in to a liason later to have your soul as well. Bottom line is it probably involved sex and getting off." The man beside Lewis groaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as Maggie finished her explanation. "Now pay attention to Gummers down there, don't make me paralyze your neck muscles."

Fearing that Maggie wasn't kidding, Lewis put rapt attention to his studies. Ignoring the ghastly moan that eventually came from the man beside him. Before he knew it the class was ending and everyone had stood up and was quietly leaving. Unable to multi task all too well, Lewis felt like he had learned nothing from class, but at least had transcribed what was said. He knew that what he would be taught here might be muddied in some way, and would use these notes and Yuna's lessons to learn the true nature of demonic magic.

/\/\/\

*back in hell*

Atrixia lay against a large broken tree trunk. Her hand held firmly over a gaping wound to her torso, where a fang of the Hellhound had manage to pierce, damaging a few internal organs in the process. She had cauterized the wound, but had to hold the guts inside. She was losing this battle of attrition, The Hellhound looked no worse for ware, but had stopped using blind pursuit and dogging tactics in favor of a paced and careful style of attack.
