 Introduction 

Walking around the city of New York can be like standing at the buffet table of a very fine and eclectic restaurant. The people come from every, possible end of the world. The woman are not only diverse in skin color, facial features, body type and behavior, but they're also dressed with an elevated sense of style that ranges from classy to slutty to 'hood' to androgynous (if that's your kind of thing). If you find yourself in a horny type of mood, it could almost be torturous and distressing, for, unlike a buffet, you can't scoop whatever you want onto your plate and pay $12.99. Surely, if it was that easy to find a woman in New York, Nathaniel would have saved a lot of time on lonely nights pining for answers, cursing his more promiscuous friends. 

It's not that Nat hadn't had any experience with the ladies. He was actually one of the first of his high school friends to have sex. It happened while he was abroad on a youth trip. The memory is burned into his hormonal veins, how he and the girl escaped up to the rooftop together and she shoved her hand down the elastic waistband of his shorts to grab his raging teenage hard-on. 

Nothing has come close to that unique feeling of exhilaration. Though, since then, he has had his fair share of girlfriends, one night stands, and rejections. He's definitely been deeply in love before and he understands, for the most part, how to treat a girl with respect and listen and whatnot. But at the end of the day, given this generation's ridiculous exposure to the porn universe and the new social climate of "the aughts," in regards to sexuality in the media, sexual promiscuity and women's openness with revealing skin in public, Nat found himself highly dissatisfied with the amount of 'ass' he was getting and he felt powerless to change that. Sometimes he tried to be patient and hopeful; sometimes he prayed for a better situation, and other times he just threw in the towel, turned on the old Macbook Pro and started opening tabs. 

Nathaniel was pretty open to many 'categories' of porn, be it step-mom, anal, gangbang, ebony, hentai, whatever. (He didn't get into the major kink stuff like bondage or pissing, etc). He did mostly try to refrain from masturbating, as much as possible. He played a game with himself to see how much mojo he could build up, believing that he would somehow produce some magical pheromone that would increase his chances of romantic encounters. But, it rarely worked so he'd end up jerking his cock alone and spewing a massive pent-up load all over his hands and belly. The city was filled with an endless supply of pussy and there he was, fucking his hand... 

At the end of the day, everyone's life is different, with advantages and disadvantages showing up, often, in some kind of relative balance. Nathaniel felt he was no more special or entitled than the next kid and he tried to accept things, how they were. But secretly, he believed there could be another way. 

PART ONE 

One 

Nathaniel worked in an up-and-coming part of Brooklyn as a graphic designer for a corporate firm specializing in the Korean and Japanese markets. Earlier in his life he had many related interests. He was a exceptional illustrator, he had made over 30 short films which he directed and edited himself. In college he studied philosophy and ethics with a minor in urban studies. He had wanted to be a professor, perhaps, if the visual arts didn't work out, but the graphic design route was just less pressure, decent pay and it didn't usually require him to take his work home with him. 

Today Nathaniel was presenting some artwork to one of their more esteemed Japanese clients. Everything was pretty routine and he knew the work would be approved as long as he performed his pitch well. He was doing his usual prep when he was startled by his co-worker, Jennifer. 

"Are you good?" she asked. She was a very high-strung person and a little bitchy. She and Nat had had some pleasant lunches together and been out for a drink with the other guys from the office, but nothing more serious. She was hard to read because she was so anxious and also kind of dry and short with people. Nathaniel liked her, though. She had a kind of Marissa Tomei look, but with longer, parsed hair and long, muscular legs. She usually wore the standard short business suit, but she would button down the blouse a little and you could see she had a very nice rack. Something about her being on-edge gave her this kind of sexual energy that Nat had always wondered about. 

"I'm good," said Nat. "The last job we did for them—the meeting was over in like half an hour and this job is half the size." 

"You have a stain on your tie," said Jennifer. Nat winced at her. She was half-being playful, half-serious. "This is barely noticeable!" 

"Fine. Whatever. I just don't want us getting fucked on this." 

Nat watched her tight, bulbous ass jutting out of her charcoal skirt as she scurried off. He thought to himself whimsically, "no, you'd be getting fucked on my kitchen table, instead...". 

The presentation went fine, as expected. The clients all approved of the campaign. Nat's boss was pleased. But there was one peculiar thing. The director of their team had brought a teenage girl with them. She was pretty, but extremely serious, even somber. She wore a black pants suit and a black tie. Her hair was jet black and perfectly straight and she carried a beautiful, olive green, leather briefcase. 

As the meeting adjourned and the men began to gather their things, Nat's boss pulled him aside. 

"Nathaniel, great job on this artwork." 

Nathaniel thanked him, but could sense there was something else on his mind. 

"It looks like I'm gonna have to ask one more thing of you today. The client director's daughter needs to be escorted into the city so that she can rendez-vous with her mother on the Upper West Side. I'll be on calls 'til late and I can't really ask anyone who's not on the project, so that leaves you..." 

Nathaniel was perturbed, but he was slightly intrigued by this young girl, for some reason, so he agreed. It would mean missing a chance to go out with Jennifer and the other guys, but he wasn't one to protest his boss. 

Misako was the name of the girl. Apparently her parents had just split up, which explained the somber vibe. But there seemed to be something else going on with her. Misako's father told Nat that he was to take a cab with Misako directly to 86th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. Nat tried to tell him that a subway would be easier and cheaper at this hour, but her father wasn't having it, so Nat gathered his stuff. 

Jennifer glared at him from across the office giving him two thumbs up then mockingly turning them upside down and gesturing inquisitively at Misako. Nathaniel shrugged. Her disapproval and biting interactions always made him a little turned on, but he wouldn't dare act on that for fear of getting rejected and having endless awkwardness at the office. 

On the car ride, Misako didn't speak, her eyes glued to her phone, her other hand tightly clutching the briefcase. Nat dazed off, looking at the skyline as they crossed the Brooklyn Bridge, thinking about his life, his future. They moved slowly over the bridge, hitting heavy traffic (as Nat had expected). Nat was ruminating on what to do for the upcoming weekend when, all the sudden, he heard the car door being opened. Misako jumped out into the street and started walking briskly towards East Chinatown. Nat Panicked. He threw some money at the driver and started after Misako. She didn't seem to be running 'away,' but rather, running towards something. 

"Misako," he called. She motioned urgently for him to follow. It was a hot, muggy day and this was the last thing Nathaniel wanted to be doing, but he followed nonetheless. 

Suddenly, Misako darted into an alley way. Nat caught up with her and followed her into an unmarked door. They walked down a hallway with red lanterns marking the path. Misako opened a door which led into an office with a man leafing through a ledger book. 

The man smiled when she walked in. She placed the briefcase on the table and the man opened it, pulling out a jewel case with an unlabeled CD inside. The man smiled once again and proceeded to pull out about 30 stacks of fresh bills from under his desk. 

"Three million?" the man said in a thick Japanese accent. Misako nodded, still quite serious. Nat was astounded. Who even used CDs anymore!? Let alone, who paid this kinda dough for them? 

Misako stuffed the money into the briefcase and then, in a flash of lightning, pulled a syringe out of her pocket and leaped over the desk to stab him in the neck. The man collapsed, Misako grabbed the disk and her briefcase and pulled Nat out of the building. 

As they exited the crime scene, Misako turned to Nat and said, "I'm not going home." She handed him of piece of paper with a Japanese woman's name on it. "Misako. Daughter. Erase." She handed him the jewel case. Looking deep in his eyes she frantically blurted, "Much power. Much problems. Many Dreams." With that, she ran off. 

Nathaniel stood dumbfounded, terrified and angry, worried about his job and worried for his life. He had no idea what was on the disk. Some kind of government leak? Some military plans? The final proof of the death of Elvis Presley? He had to get home to find out. 

Two 

It was almost dark out by the time Nathaniel made it back to his house in Bushwick, a slightly industrial but trendy part of Brooklyn. He was really worried about what Misako's mom would do when Misako didn't come home and he was thinking about calling his boss to nip that in the butt. But, he decided he should, first, have some idea what this three million dollar CD was all about. He grabbed his external CD drive and popped it in the computer. 

Oddly, it didn't mount as an image on his desktop like most CD-Roms or Data CDs. His entire computer restarted and went into a slow boot as if he had restored the O.S. Nat was starving so he went to the kitchen to heat up some leftover pizza while he waited for the program to load. He opened a beer, as well, as he was still a little in shock from today's events (not that you ever need a good reason for a brewsky). 

When he returned to the computer, a program had seemed to load with a dark navy background and some rudimentary panes with different fields and controls. In the center it read, "Welcome to the Master Command Center... where the Master allows you to become a virtual god to the people around you. You now possess the power to bend their reality to your specifications. You are the Master's representative". Nat was thinking to himself, how could a game that's this poorly designed be worth three million dollars to that deceased man? Again he was reminded of all the possible repercussions of Misako's actions today. He guzzled down the beer. 

At the top of the screen it asked for the subject's name. He thought, OK, I'll play along. So, naturally, he typed in his own name. After hitting enter, a 3D image popped up of him. The 3D model was wearing the same exact navy suit, red tie and white shirt he was wearing at that moment. Nathaniel was flabbergasted. Immediately he thought these Japanese clients had targeted him in some way. Maybe they were phishing him? Was that even real cash, back in Chinatown? 

To test it further, Nat entered a girl's name from his high school, Misha Scott, that the these scammers would never have known about. She was a beautiful black girl with a big fluffy ass. She had pouty lips and some wicked, playful eyes. Nathaniel fantasized about her from time to time. He pressed enter and immediately, with zero latency, her image came up. 

According to the image in front of him, she seemed to have filled out a little more and grown up some. She had even become more attractive than before. Scanning the whole screen, Nat saw that she appeared to be wearing a white lace bra and panties and her breasts were spilling out of her bra. Nat could feel his dick filling with blood, staring at this incredibly life-like rendering and he started to realize he might have fallen in to something amazing here. What else could this thing do? This called for another beer. 

As Nat opened his beer, he was suddenly reminded of Misako's mom. He had no idea how to get out of this predicament but he remembered the slip of paper Misako had given him. He pulled it out and it said "Honami Washu." He didn't know who that was but he typed it into the program. Up popped an older Japanese woman. He clicked around the tabs and found her general info. Under children, it said Misako Hoshemon. So this must be Misako's mom, Nathaniel thought, and she used her maiden name. 

There was a large box that asked for a command so he tried, "you feel like taking off your sweater." Within seconds, the image showed Hirami in just a blouse. Nat was stunned. The power, alone, brought his cock back to attention. He then wrote a command, not knowing if it would work or not: "You will believe that Misako is at sleep-away camp for the summer, not to be disturbed or worried about. Then, without questioning, you will call your husband to confirm Misako's arrival. He then pulled up Misako Hoshemon and wrote, "You will forget about the events of today and about the Master PC disk." He then remembered her asking him to "erase" her and he wondered if he owed her a more comprehensive or permanent set of brainwashing-type commands, but he was too anxious to try some other tests with the program so he put that on hold. A few minutes later, he got a text from his boss thanking him for taking Misako home. Everything was coming together, he thought. Now for the fun part. 

Nat, once again, pulled up his own name on the program. "Increase penis size to nine inches when erect," was obviously the first command. And "Increase girth to 1.5X current growth" was the second. He felt a tingling sensation and his already slightly-hard dick started to grow inside his pants. 

His dick was a fine size to begin with, but he always wanted a big juicy cock to fuck with, to make girls gasp over. He pulled it out of his pants just to see, for sure. Sure enough, he now possessed an extremely large dong. This was scary and amazing. He started typing in a long list of commands to improve himself including being better at sex, having better staying power, more control over load size, mental toggle for fertility of sperm, ability to have no down-period between ejaculation and subsequent erections. He enhanced his muscles, lowered his body fat, made himself stronger, faster and smarter. And he removed his unibrow, just for good measure. 

Having felt like he'd covered most of the general bases, he decided to try out his new master program on a female subject. His head spun at the possibilities, but he thought the easiest and safest move would be to try someone nearby so he picked his neighbor, Anika. She was a tall, svelte Russian girl with perky C-cup breasts. Her husband was in the military and he had been stationed in Syria for some time now so she was always home. She and Nathaniel had exchanged pleasantries but never really hung out. 

Anika came up on the screen wearing a tight V-neck t-shirt and some booty-type shorts. Nat started plotting out a series of commands: "You will suddenly be in the mood for some tea, but you need to get some sugar from your neighbor, Nat. You will begin to feel excited to see Nat and spend time with him. You will lose any apprehension about spending time or exploring romance with another men besides your husband. As soon as you see Nathaniel you will begin to imagine him as a possible partner for erotic and romantic activities. You will make attempts to seduce him." And just for fun, he added, "The touch of Nat's cock feels ten times better than any cock you've felt before." 

Nat quickly got ready for Anika's visit. In the shower, he examined his new member, stroking it, admiring it as he cleaned himself. Just as he dictated through the program, he could make himself erect or flaccid simply through the use of his mind. When he went for the shampoo, he actually ended up squirting it all over the wall, having forgotten the added strength he had given himself. For some reason, this reminded him of the last line Misako had said to him: "Much power. Much Problems. Many Dreams." The last part, he wasn't sure about. But the first part was beginning to make a lot sense and he told himself to remain cautious and responsible. 

Three 

As Nathaniel stepped out of the shower, he heard the doorbell ring and smiled to himself, thinking, that must be Anika. He ran to his room to throw on a pair of jeans and a white t-shirt, which felt slightly stretched over his new muscles. 

He opened the door and Anika was there waiting. She was wearing the same outfit as from the computer screen, but she had put on some light make-up and re-arranged her breasts a little to pop out of her shirt. 

"Anika, what a surprise!" said Nathaniel. Anika looked at him with a warmer smile than he'd seen from a woman in years. 

"Hey Nat, I was wondering if you had any...er," she seemed to be changing her mind about getting sugar, finding some kind of new objective. "I was just seeing what you're up to." Her eyes apologized for the awkward, out-of-the-ordinary visit. 

"Word," said Nat. "I was just in the shower. Was thinking of having a glass of wine. Care to join me?" The program was definitely having a positive effect for he would have been way more nervous and stumbly in a situation like this with a girl this pretty. 

Anika looked a little bit baffled by her willingness to engage, but she shook it off. "You sure you don't mind?". She bit her lip and cocked her head slightly. 

"No. Of course not. I've been hoping you'd stop by for some time now." He thought to himself, "I can't believe you just said that." 

Nat poured them two glasses of rosé and told Anika to make herself comfortable while he excused himself to go use the restroom. He then ran to his home office and pulled up Anika's profile. "Whenever you hear the word 'cockatoo,' you will suddenly have a very wet pussy and feel extremely horny. You won't know why that is but you'll continue to want to seduce Nathaniel. You'll have a growing curiosity about Nathaniel's private parts and you'll feel a sense of abandon as if you've been restrained too much recently and it's about time you let go." 

Nathaniel, at the last minute, brought up his own profile and decided to give himself this command: "Five seconds after you say the word cockatoo, you will forget the Master PC is responsible for any new changes today and you will be surprised by, but inviting of Anika's new behavior. This will remain in effect until one hour after Anika leaves. You'll feel no disappointment afterwards, having found out that the program was responsible all along." 

Nat closed the door to his office. Carrying his wine, he walking into the living room to find Anika had finished her first glass as she leafed through one of the design books on the coffee table. "Can I get you another?" he said. 

She looked a little ashamed but held up her glass. 

"So how have you been, Anika?" Nat said, handing her the wine. 

"Oh good. Keeping busy. Trying to stay out of the heat." From the earlier commands, she was being nicer to Nat than ever before. He truly appreciated the small talk, but he was just a normal man, and the excitement was too great, so he decided to go for the big Kahuna. 

"So a funny thing happened to me on the train today. I got on the L train to head home and had just put in my earphones when this guy sat down next to me and he had this crazy bird on his shoulder! I don't know if it was a parrot, or maybe a cockatoo...but it was looking at me out of the corner of it's eye and I just thought, wow, that's New York in a nutshell." 
