 Four 

On the subway to work the next day, Nat had a newfound sense of serenity, having the world on a string, so-to-speak, and having had an amazing fuck with his hot Russian neighbor the night before. At the same time, his mind was racing, thinking about the possibilities, almost responsibilities, he had at his fingertips. He couldn't stop forming lists and having little daydreams as if he was storyboarding for an amazing sex-filled film he was writing. Some of his plots were small, fun exploits but there were also really big ideas, not just for his own benefit but perhaps the benefit of the world. And all the while, he feared greatly the repercussions of, either someone else having a copy of this program or getting a hand on his copy, or the potential for the snowballing of problems that he couldn't foresee, given the immense power of this device. 

Nat had already made the realization that going into the office and continuing his desk job was kind of pointless, given his new discovery, but he thought it might be a good place to maintain a base of operations and also maintain a "cover," in the event that any authorities became wise to his activities. Plus, he had some ideas for some things he might want to do at his office with certain people. 

Nat walked into his building, a new man, laptop in tow. As he entered, the office secretary smiled and said, "Hey Nathaniel. You're looking good today!" 

Nathaniel remembered his body had changed a lot since yesterday. "Thanks Judy, must be the new workout routine." As he passed by Jennifer's desk she gave him a once over, unable to produce the normal biting remark. 

"Cat got your tongue?" said Nathaniel. She rolled her eyes. Nathaniel thought, pretty soon, we'll have to take care of that attitude of yours. He looked across the floor to his boss's office who gave him a nod, once again expressing his gratitude for yesterday's favor. Nat thought, the gratitude should be all mine. All mine... 

The first thing Nat did when he sat down was pull up his boss, Mitch's profile. He wrote in the command field: "You will give Nat his space, at all times, and not question his productivity. Any questions you have for him can be fielded over email. Any new work should be pawned off onto the interns, for the time being." 

He wanted to make sure his co-workers wouldn't be questioning him either, but he didn't really feel like entering each person, individually. At the bottom of the screen he noticed there was a help button and clicked on it. An overlay window popped up that said, "Ask me anything about the Master PC program. You can use plain english." 

Nat gave it a shot. "Can I affect a whole group of people, at once?" 

Like a chat tech support agent, the machine responded. "Yes, Nat. In the group commands page, you can specify a radius of affected people or you can enter a shared attribute." Nat was floored. This is amazing, he thought. 

He went to the group commands page and entered, "employees of McMichael & Mannes". And then under command he entered, "you will not think it odd that Nat is spending more time on his laptop, or that he has less work assigned to him than everybody else. You won't find anything to be particularly out-of-the-ordinary in the office regarding any other employee's behavior or your own. You'll slowly start to find Nat to be one of your favorite people at the office and you'll try hard to respect his space and please him, whenever possible. Whenever you look at Nat's computer screen you will just see a generic spreadsheet." To test these new commands he pulled up Arthur, a young intern from the office and commanded him to take off his shirt and tie. Arthur began unbuttoning and then taking off his shirt. People looked up and noticed but then they just looked back down, as if it was normal. Nat smiled to himself. He sent another intern, Jesse, to go bring him a six-pack of beer and a sandwich. "Why not?" he thought. 

Finally, Nat was feeling like his housekeeping was out of the way. He decided to focus his attention on his main distraction in the office, Jennifer. He pulled up her profile and started poking around. Under "Traits" he found that her sex drive was thirty per cent more active than the average female. He turned that up to fifty. He found a field that allowed the user to search for "relationship traits" of a subject, so he put in his own name and it turned out she was already mildly attracted to him. Nat increased her attraction by 1.5 percent. He also saw that she felt mildly antagonistic towards him, which was obvious, but he decided, for fun, to leave that trait as-is. 

He then looked at Jennifer's physical attributes. She was currently 5'6 with 28B bra size. Nat changed that to 5'8 and gave her 28DD breasts. He also increased her areola size and puffiness and made them darker and more sensitive. He brought down her body fat a touch, pulled in her waist a couple sizes, and increased the tissue in her buttocks while keeping it sculpted and tight. He commanded that she would notice these changes as subtle differences, not to be alarmed about, but rather, to be appreciated. Her new breasts would turn her on and yet she'd feel like they were being underappreciated without a lover. She'd have some inclination to believe that Nat would be fun if he wasn't so annoying, but that it wouldn't really be worth it to brighten up his day trying to get her rocks off. 

He commanded that she would relinquish her feelings of needing to get work done today, but if Nat approached her about any particular project, she would feel obliged to consent. If Nat makes sexual advances on her she will pretend to object, but secretly be totally submissive to his needs, hoping to give him pleasure in a variety of ways. At this point, any verbal commands that Nat makes will be obeyed with utter loyalty. With a single touch to the flesh, Nat's cock will become the object of her every need and desire and she'll realize the anxiety she felt on a regular basis was the void of Nat in her life. 

Finally, after having taking slack from her for several years, now he felt the desire to maybe get a little rough, if the situation arose. He gave her a stronger resilience to physical contact and every time she was abused, in any way, by Nat, she would grow to like the feeling even more. She would become an expert in pleasuring a man and would be receptive to large objects in her orifices while not getting stretched out. Finally, she'd have a budding obsession with cum, and although she'd never explored it before, she would think that Nat would be a great new candidate to donate some sperm to her cause. 

Nat pressed enter. Jennifer suddenly noticed the changes happening in her body. She saw her boobs grow and push out her shirt. As the fabric stretched it rubbed against her nipples and it felt amazingly erotic. She looked down at her much larger rack and felt excited and slightly proud of her tits. And although she didn't know why this was happening, it didn't bother her, except that she wanted to share them with somebody else. 

She looked around the office to see if anybody else was noticing these changes and they all seemed to be business-as-usual. She looked over at Nat, as should would often do throughout the day. He sat with his back to her. He was actually a pretty handsome guy, and she hadn't noticed before but he was pretty muscular and in good shape. It was just that she had always found him to be kind of irritating, probably because he was a lot artsier and a little more spiritual than her. She thought he was nerdy or maybe had a superiority complex and so she gave him shit instead. But at the same time, she walked around the city with so much pent-up sexual energy and hadn't found a man in a while (probably because she was so high-strung). Particularly today, she was feeling very horny. She almost wanted to go rub one out in the bathroom just to focus more. But on second thought, maybe it wasn't all that important to get work done. 

She looked at Nat's muscular back and thought, he could probably help her out with her predicament. Her pussy started to get moist, and she continued to get aroused off of the feeling of her nipples against her silk blouse. But still, Nat was annoying and she couldn't give him the ego boost of letting him know she had a thing for him. So, instead, she just tried to preoccupy herself with a game of minesweeper. 

Five or ten minutes later, Jennifer was startled by the sound of Nat's voice. "Minesweeper? Really?" 

She turned around to look him. His face was more handsome than she remembered. "Go away, please," she said with a smirk and then another eye roll. 

"Looks like you're kind of popping out of your shirt there," Nat said playfully, taking the chance to admire the view of her ample cleavage. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you!" she exclaimed. She was secretly flattered that he'd noticed her new prize possessions, but what kind of asshole says that shit aloud. 

"Hey, so Mitch needs us to go upstairs and scout out the recently opened-up third floor for a possible expansion that the partners are considering." 

Jen had no idea there was a possible expansion on the table, but she obviously wasn't doing anything and Nat was technically her superior, so she agreed, hesitantly. "Whatever." 

"You might want to pull down your skirt a little." The height adjustment must have gone mostly to her legs and now her skirt was barely covering her thighs. He could see the bottom of her lacy, navy-colored panties poking out for a brief second. 

Jen grabbed at her shirt and scoffed, slightly embarrassed, hoping he hadn't seen the damp spot. "You're disgusting." 

"Let's go. I don't have all day," Nat said as he turned around, not even waiting for her to get up. 

Five 

As they climbed the stairs to the third floor, Nat thought about some of outlandish commands he had just given Jennifer. In general, he was very nice to women - at times, too nice. He had role-played occasionally in the bedroom with a girlfriend, doing light spanking or choking or dirty talk, but the idea of doing something like this in real-life was totally awesome. His penis would be rock solid right now, if he wasn't controlling it with his mind. He made sure to keep practicing restraint and being sensitive, but he already had seen that Jennifer had a propensity for fantasies about submission and rough sex so he wasn't worried about shocking her too much. Plus, pretty soon she'd be worshipping his manhood, so it was only a matter of time. 

When they got up to the third floor, Nat opened the door for Jennifer and as she went through he gave her a little pat on her ass. 

"What the fuck has gotten in to you?" she said as she twisted her face. 

"I just happened to notice that that butt of yours was looking extra bootylicious today and I wanted to make sure it made it through the door." 

She did actually notice the same thing about her ass as she sat in the chair and had been kind of anxious to get home later and get naked in front of the mirror. But Nat had no right to act like that and she wasn't gonna pretend to be OK with it. 

As Jen was just starting to turn back downstairs in protest, Nat put a hand on her shoulder and said, "Move along, Jennifer." Suddenly she felt the desire to listen to his command. As she moved through the door this time, it felt pleasing to do what he had asked. It even made her tingle a little and she kind of jiggled her hips as she walked, just to let him know she was in full compliance. 

They walked around the vacant office floor, dusty and void of furniture, with large, slightly clouded-over windows. 

"He specifically wanted us to get photos of the corner office where he'd be moving to," said Nick. He glanced out of the corner of his eye at the somewhat baffled and flustered Jennifer. He knew that because of the commands he set she would be very ambivalent, her mind being opposed to the actions of her body, her desires not matching up with her normal self-image. And, all-along, she would continue to be more turned on than usual. 

In the office at the end of the floor, there was a couple warm rays of sunshine entering the room through the window. The glossed wood on the floor was a bit cleaner than outside but still dusty. Nat began taking pictures, though he knew it was all just for show. He handed Jennifer a tape measure and said, "Hey, make yourself busy and go measure those window dimensions." She did as she was told, walking over to the window and stretching her arms up to the top of the window to hook the tape so that she could pull it down and read the measurement. Nat admired his creation, with her long, tanned legs, the short skirt jutting out, leading up to her slim waist and the way-too-tight shirt that was being stretched by her new, huge breasts. The boobs could be seen from the side a little though they were covered, in-part, by her dark brown hair. He wanted to just saddle up behind her and start poking her with his man meat, but he knew he could do better than that. 

There was a metal folding chair just outside the door of the of the office. Nat went to retrieve it. He put it towards the back of the room where the light was shining. 

"Jen, can you sit down in this chair? I wanna make rough measurements for a desk." Again she did as she was told. Nat took measurements up to about her forehead, jokingly tapping her in the face a little with the tape measure. 

"Ok, I think we're done here," she said and started to get up. 

"Please sit back in the chair," Nat said sternly, putting the tape measure in his pocket. She sat down."Why do you seem to have a problem with me?" he continued. "Is it because you can't stand that I'm better than you at my job?". She shook her head, muttering a bit, appalled yet in awe at Nat's new dominant personality. "Or is it that you like me?" 

She rolled her eyes. 

"I think you've liked me for a while now, and you've chosen to give me this bitchy attitude to make up for it." She gasped at his harsh and candid words, but she stayed seated, taking it, enjoying the pressure. 

"I bet you're even a little turned on right now by all of this." 

Jen shook her head. 

"Are you? Answer me!" 

Jen separated her legs a little, clearly uncomfortable. "Yes. I am," she whispered. 

"I couldn't hear you." 

"YES. I'm turned on!" she projected. 

"Is your pussy wet right now?" 

She was embarrassed and didn't want to answer. 

"Answer all my questions, Jennifer, and look in my eyes as you answer." 

She looked up at him with her glassy brown eyes, her face softening a bit and she exhaled. "Yes my pussy is extremely wet right now." 

"Play with your pussy over your panties for me. And don't stop looking at me while you do it." 

Jen slowly moved her hands down to her crotch, spreading her legs. She slipped one hand under her skirt and grazed her fingers over her soaked underwear, pressing down onto her engorged clitoris. She started breathing heavier. 

Nat stretched his arm out and started stroking the top of her head. "That's a good girl. Get comfortable cuz we're gonna be here for a while." He moved his hand down along her face, grazing her cheek. "You've been a very rude girl, Jennifer." He pinched her cheek lightly. "Just because you have a crush on me, that doesn't mean you get to disrespect me and make my life more difficult. You probably knew I liked you, too, didn't you?" 

Still staring in his eyes, she smiled a little and shook her head. "No, I didn't." 

"Yep. It could have been a lot easier. But you had to play games. Now you're gonna get disciplined. You understand?" She squinted her eyes, not knowing what he meant. He then gave her a light slap on the cheek. "Do you understand?" 

The feel of getting hit by Nathaniel was nice, comparable to being kissed gently on the neck, but from a different side of the pleasure spectrum. She had fantasized about rough sex before, but never expected this kind of warm feeling it had given her. 

"You liked that didn't you?" 

She nodded. Nat was really getting into the role now and he was eager to move on to using Jennifer in other ways besides shaming her. He started to allow his cock to become stiffer. It slowly slithered down his leg like a snake, tenting out his suit pants as it travelled. Jennifer noticed the movement inside his pants and her eyes bulged a little. She felt captive in Nat's possession but there was literally nowhere else she'd rather be than here. She continued to rub on her cunt as it filled with juices and she looked intently at his eyes, though her thoughts were now on the large object that had appeared beneath his trousers. 

"You noticed my little snake, didn't you?" he said as he reached full arousal. 

She nodded once more. 

"If I let you pull it out, will you promise to start talking more and telling me your wild inner thoughts and feelings?" 

"Yes Nat. I really want to pull out your cock. I've wanted to be with you for a long time. I'm so horny right now. I really want you to feel how wet I am for you. I want you to do things to me..." 

Nat felt really turned on at this point. He bent over, grabbing her hair from underneath and then he did something really unexpected. He let his mouth get really wet and once it was filled with saliva, he leaned over and gave Jennifer a long french kiss, filling her mouth with his spit and sloshing it around. She squealed, but then kissed back. It was really hot and he loved playing with her silky, though slightly-knotted hair. 

Nat broke off the kiss, stood up and let Jen gather herself before giving her permission to pull out his sex pipe. She pulled down the zipper and finagled in the slot of his underwear to allow his nine inch cock to come billowing out of it's cave. Nat was so proud, looking at her face as her eyes bulged wide, her mouth gaped open and she scanned the entire length from the hairless base to the bulging, pulsing, head. 

"This is the most beautiful cock I have ever seen, Nat." 

"Thank you. I grew it myself," he said, realizing that wasn't entirely true. "Why don't you grab it for me and show me what you can do with those hands." 

She had still been rubbing her pussy with her fingers which she pulled away and held up for Nat, to show him the strands of female slime that had somehow made it through the fabric of her panties. 

"Very nice, Jen. I'll be dealing with your pussy soon, but let's first handle more pressing matters." 

Jennifer hesitated with her hand hovered around the massive pole. She couldn't believe that she was in this situation, letting this guy, her co-worker, have his way. She couldn't believe how turned on she was and how much she wanted to give pleasure to this person she hardly knew beyond a professional setting. The cock did look nice though, and it had been a while since she held one. She couldn't even think about the embarrassment of seeing him around the office after this, but it was too late so she finally just squeezed her hand around Nat's shaft. 

As she touched his taught penis, she suddenly felt tingles run up her body. The cock looked even more vivid in color and texture than she had remembered a moment ago. The blood inside his cock seemed to be crying out to her, asking that she give this object all her attention and energy. The cock was warm in her hand like smoldering embers heating her body on a cool night. 

She looked up at him and started to stroke her hand slowly up and down. There seemed to be so much room for her hand to travel, in order to pleasure him. It had never felt so good to stroke a dick. And she loved seeing how it brought him pleasure. 

"Spit on it," Nat said. 

She gave a little, girly try, getting a tiny bit of wetness on the tip, which helped her hand glide better. 
