 Ten 

At the coffee counter, the barrista, Hannah, was fiddling with the pastries. She had on a summer dress that hung low on her chest revealing an ample cleavage. Her skin was pale but creamy. She didn't appear to be wearing a bra, as evidenced by her prominent nipples. She also seemed to have a little roundness to her, as if there might be a smudge extra cushion to the pushin', which Nat wasn't offended by. She was an "alternative," happy-go-lucky type, looking for that ray of sunshine in the darkest of places. (But they do say vegans have some of the purest tasting pussies money can buy). 

Nat kind of wanted to try to break her down and put her in her place. He also wanted to maybe feed her a bag of dicks and see her happily gobble down every crumb. Her practically-bald scalp was...different. A bald woman in porn often implied an edgy girl with a "no B.S." kind of approach to sex -- an expertise without the drama and rigor-morale of your average "done-up" pornstar or the radiant innocence of a fresh newbie teen. There wasn't any reason why Hannah should fit the stereotype, but Nat decided to just go with it for now. He cleared his throat and she turned around, attentively, with a big smile on her face as if he was her favorite regular customer. Like the rest of the women today, she was hypnotically captivated by his eyes. 

"I'd like an Americano, please," he said sheepishly, still figuring out how he'd like to play the situation. 

"That's one, hot Americano," she said cheerily. "Do you want any pastries with that?" 

"No, I'm good," Nat said. He was so perplexed. She seemed not to have witnessed that entire, vile scene that took place just moments ago, behind him. There was a kind of Truman Show thing going on here and Nat couldn't quite figure out why. He decided to test the workings of his environment once more. Maybe before, he thought, because of his special connection with Misha, he had mastered some kind of special confidence boost which gave him the ability to dominate and use Julia? From what he knew of female seduction, from reading on the "pick-up artist" forums, it was entirely possible to convince a woman to drop her "bitch shield" if she felt that she was of lesser value than a man, which is not usually the case, by default, but can be achieved by certain positioning tactics. But really? Julia drank his cum from a cup after it had dripped out of her own pussy. That seems like some serious seduction! At the same time, he didn't want to be a complainer and he figured he might as well enjoy this boost of confidence, or sudden hypnotic powers, while they were still here. 

"I noticed your staring at my eyes before. Do you find me attractive?" 

Hannah smiled and looked down, a little bashful. She had a semi-sparkly, blue eye shadow on with mascara that cat-eyed a bit on the sides. She looked deeper at him and then pursed her lips flirtatiously. "You do have amazing eyes. I'd say you're pretty attractive." 

"Oh thank you." He hesitated, playing with some of the packaged goods on the rack as he built up the suspense. "I don't think I'm gonna pay for this coffee. Actually, I think you're gonna pay me." 

"I am?" she asked with a bemused look. 

"No. Actually, instead, I'd like you to take off your panties over your shoes and hand them to me." 

Hannah blushed red. She thought about whether to do it, but it didn't take her long to decide she wanted to submit to Nat's desires. She bent down to pull them off and as she bent over, her tits were almost fully exposed. They were wondrous white orbs, so fatty but perfectly centered on her chest as they swung clumsily back and forth, confined within her dress. Nat took a couple sips of his ice coffee as he waited and watched the titty show. 

"Here you go, sir." 

Nat took them, gave them a quick sniff and then put them to the side. Hannah waited to see what would happen next, her only garment of clothes left, a thin layer of cotton. 

At that point, Nat was convinced without a doubt that the entire cafe was somehow under his spell and he could do whatever he wanted. He noticed the male barista standing by the the main coffee machine, watching the scene unfold. He must have been twenty years old. 

"What's your name?" Nat asked the kid. 

"It's Brad," he said, "What can I do for you?" 

"Go over and start groping your coworker, Hannah, and talk sexy to her." 

Brad, a little timid, walked over to Hannah's side, put his hand out and started to rub it awkwardly agains Hannah's butt. He started whispering words into her ear, how she "loves being a little slut all day," and how she's "dying for attention and she's dying for cock". 

Hannah started responding saying how Brad was right. She was sex-craved and she did like to tease the guys. Brad started getting more forceful with his groping and he started to move his other hand up to play with her hanging breasts. Nat was getting aroused and decided this was a little too wide an angle for his cinematic taste. 

"Both of you come around here to the other side of the counter," Nat said. They immediately stood up and hurried around to the front. He grabbed Hannah's arm and placed it against the counter so that she was hunched over. 

"Brad, pull up her little dress so we can see her ass." Brad did as he was told. "Now eat that ass and pussy and make her cum." Nat watched astonishingly as Brad dove in, using a number of tactics with his hand on her clit and then digging his tongue into her butt hole. She started to buck and Nat reached down with his hand to rub her buzz-cut head. He watched as her tits were swinging back and forth under her dress. He pressed a finger into her mouth and she began to suck and fondle it with her tongue. Brad was slobbering all over her nether regions and she started to moan loudly warning that she was about to cum. He kept going, fondling her clit while pushing his thumb into her cunt. Suddenly she climaxed and her whole body started shivering, so much so that she had to crouch down to brace herself. 

Brad stood back at attention, waiting for his next command. Nat saw that Brad's pants were tenting out significantly, so he told him take take his dick out. Brad did so and he revealed a very impressive member. It wasn't quite as large as Nat's but it was still a great steed and his shaft and penis head were as hard as possible. 

"Hannah, get back in that position you were in. Brad, get your cock nice and wet and then I want you to push it up deep in Hannah's asshole." 

Brad was excited and scared. 

"Are you ready to have you asshole invaded, Hannah?" said Nat. She looked up into his eyes and nodded obediently. "Look back at your coworkers dick for me," he continued. She turned her head around to stare at Brad's massive cock that he was slathering up and down with the juices from her own pussy. "It's pretty big, huh?" said Nat. She nodded like a child getting taught a lesson. "S'gonna hurt hurt your little butt hole isn't it?" asked Nat. 

She mumbled, "It's gonna hurt a lot." 

Nat reached down to squeeze her left tit, hard. "But you're gonna take it like a good girl, right?" 

"Of course. Anything for the customer!" 

"That's my girl." He rubbed her head again and then looked at Brad and asked if he was ready." 

"Yeah, boss," Brad said. "All set." 

"Let the games begin," said Nat as he gave Brad the nod. Brad pushed his huge cock head against Hannah's puckered asshole. Being so wet it pushed in a little right away and Hannah let out an anxious, short moan. Brad looked up nervously, never having performed anal, but also finding an unsourceable sense of experience and comfort with it. 

Nat nodded his head assuringly to Brad. "Give it to her. She can take it." 

Brad began to slowly apply pressure, squeezing his rod into that tight, unforgiving cavity. But it continued to slide in. Hannah clearly found it discomforting. But when Nat asked her if she was enjoying it, she said, "I want more! The pain makes me feel so good. I want to feel it deep. His shaft is so long, but I want all of it!" 

Nat was happy with her answer and motioned to Brad to go faster. Brad pushed harder and it started to slide in faster, almost about six inches deep. 

"Pump it in and out, please, Brad," said Hannah. Brad did as he was asked and started sliding in and out of her asshole. Hannah reached underneath to fondle her clit as he hit her in her brown star. 

Nat was jealous of Brad. He wanted to tear Hannah's ass up too, for he was also an anal virgin, but some part of him felt like he should save himself for Anika who had already offered, and who was sleeping in his bed. He looked up from Hannah and Brad to notice that the Mexican teenager was watching the scene, slouched in her chair. She looked unimpressed. She looked at his face for a while, very candidly and almost knowingly. She was less mesmerized by his eyes than the others, but was still highly attentive and aware. Nat walked over to her and towered over her her table as he sized her up. 

"Are you enjoying the show, little girl?" 

"It's OK," she said 

"Just OK?" 

"Yeah, couple a white kids that don't know how to fuck. It's OK..." 

"Oh, I suppose you know better," Nat said, looking at her skeptically. 

"Of course. I could make you cum in one minute. I could fuck your brains out and have you doing my dishes later," she said, hardly batting her fake eyelashes. 

"Ok—Lupe, I'm gonna call you Lupe," Nat said. 

"Call me whatever you want, Papi." 

"You talk a big game, can you back it up?" 

She gave it another second to look him up and down before she gave him a sarcastic air-kiss and said, "Lie down on the ground." 

Nat hesitantly did what he was told, smiling, having not been in the submissive role for some time. After he was lying on the cafe floor, Lupe stood over him and swiftly took off her jeans and t-shirt. Her skin was caramel complexion. Her legs were perfectly smooth and toned. She was short, maybe 5'2, but her body was picturesque. Her breast were nicely sized and round in her pink demi-cup bra, her pussy lips bulged out slight against the matching pink panties. 

She turned around with her ass facing him and straddled over his chest. She had an incredible, tight and petite ass, with the pink thong wedged between. She slowly started to pull the panties down and off her leg so that her perfect, teen pussy was in full display, hanging above him. 

Then, all the sudden she quickly descended her ass downwards onto his face until she was actually sitting on him. "Eat it," she said. 

It was nice to be ordered around a bit, not having to tell everyone what to do. He figured, when life puts a Mexican pussy on your face, what do you do? You eat it... So he proceeded to apply his honed pussy eating skills to the insides of her thighs, her labia, her vagina, and her clitoris, not missing an opportunity to grab her spectacular ass to use as a handle. As her juices began to flow out of her hole, she also started to wiggle her pussy in different directions to specify where she wanted to be pleasured. She rammed down hard against his face several times, as well, as if she was bouncing on a yoga ball. 

He liked it. He loved it, actually. And being so focused, as he was, on the cunnilingus, he had lost awareness of other parts of himself, specifically the fact that his cock had become raging hard. It had found an opening down the leg of his pants and was now protruding like a concealed steel rod. 

The next thing he knew, Lupe was pulling his dick out of his pants and had engulfed the head with her mouth. It felt just like he had expected, a little Mexican teenage hole. He paused to enjoy the experience and she immediately grinded her pussy down hard against his face, getting juices all over him as they to run down his cheeks. 

"I didn't tell you you could stop! For that, I'm gonna make you cum right now, just like I said." She started to pump her mouth up and down the top part of his dick, producing more saliva and venturing further down with each thrust. Once there was enough lubrication, she began taking his fuck stick down her throat, gagging ever so slightly. 

This is when Nat started to feel an uncontrollable urge to cum. He knew it was in his means to suppress the orgasm, but at the same time, the forces of pleasure were so strong. At this point he had his arms wrapped around her petite waist. His face and chin were rubbing all across her perfectly-shaved, cunt. And his humongous cock was getting swallowed by a teenager! She wasn't a stupid, braces-wearing teenager, either. She was a fully developed, experienced and apparently dominant teen, who seemed to love sex and know how to seduce a man. Nat never would have expected to be with a girl like this. He just couldn't take the pleasure any more. 

"I'm gonna cum," he screamed as he grabbed tightly against her ass once more digging his tongue deep in her pussy hole. 

"OK Papi. Cum for me," she whispered sexily. She began both riding his face harder and also pumping deeper with her mouth, almost to the hilt, on his cock. With three strong, deep pumps, Nat unleashed a fountain of cum up her throat. She sucked the cum down for several spurts, before it was too much to swallow and she took her mouth off, still stroking him with two hands. He kept going and shot strand after strand of jizz on her face and her hair, on her tits and her bra, and on his own legs and stomach. 

Apparently this turned her on even more because she began to buck back and forth. Nat focused his tongue work on her clit and she gasped and moaned. "Ooh Papi, you good with that mouth." He used her ass to pull her down to his face even more, as she continued to grasp on to his still-hard dong. "Ooh papi, you're gonna make me squirt on your fucking face." Her accent got thicker as she got more aroused. She pulled her cum-covered bra off and started kneading at her own breasts, sitting upright on top of his face. "Just like that, baby. Here I come." 

She let out a long moan and then began to shake and gyrate. Suddenly, the floodgates opened, and her liquids were spilling out all over Nat's face and onto the floor. She screamed at the top of the lungs as the stream increased. She bent over and started kissing on his cock and rubbing it against her face. "I want you to fuck me, Papi," she insisted. "Please, Papi, my hole is ready for you." 

Nat wanted to do the same but he first felt the need to check on his other friends in the cafe. He pushed her off of his face and wiped off some of the liquid. She turned around and kneeled down to bend over and give him a deep kiss with her soft succulent lips. "I told you I could make you cum, nice and quick." 

"Stay here," Nat said to her. "Papi's gonna take care of that little teenage hole in a minute." She sat down, nude, on the floor, covered in semen, watching him get up and walk away, slightly in awe, slightly pissed off. 

Nat stood up to take stock of his little porn laboratory as he used his t-shirt to wipe off more of Lupe's vaginal juices. The cute young baristas were still having carnal relations. Now both fully nude, Brad was on his back, his big pipe shooting upwards in to Hannah's pink, raw and battered pussy. Her tits were flopping all over the place and her little belly flub was jiggling, as well. Her buzzed head glistened with sweat as she seemed to be in a trance, like she could bounce up and down forever. Nat still hadn't had his way with her and he wanted to, but he decided he needed to check in on his main two girls, Misha and Julia. Though he remained naked, he decided to give his cock a rest and he let it go partially limp as he walked over to the girls. 

"Hey Nathaniel," said Misha. "I've been teaching Julia all about how to not be a bitch when she's out in public and how to respect people, especially how to respect you." Misha had put Julia's blouse on without a bra, but Julia remained topless in just her panties. She sat on the ground by Misha's feet. "She said she was bored, so I made her trim my toe nails with her teeth. Then I gave her some lashings." She patted Julia on the shoulder. "Go on, Jules, show Nat where I punished you." She got on all fours and turned around to show Nat her ass which was as red as a strawberry. 

"Wow, Misha. I didn't know you had this dominant streak in you." 

"Is it OK?" Misha asked, worried. 

"It's great." Nat said. 

"Ok good. I mean, I really just want to make you happy. It's been so nice to run in to you again and hang out like this. I mean, I literally haven't enjoyed myself like this since before my marriage!" 

"That's really good, Misha. You're doing a good job," Nat said. He peaked at the two baristas. Brad was now standing and the shaved head of Hannah was bobbing up and down as she gave him a sloppy tit job. Nat was so horny having all this power, he wanted to just go over to Hannah and get inside her and watch her bounce on him as she juggled the needs of two extremely well-endowed men. 

"Um.. Nat...?" 

He turned around and looked back at the sweet Misha. "What's up?" 

"I was thinking...What if I didn't go home right away? It's summer, so my classes don't start for a couple months. We could spend some more time together. I could help you around the house... I could even be your wingman to help you find chicks..." 

Nat thought about what she was asking. He did still have feelings for Misha, even if this was a weird setting to have realized that. But it would be nice to spend a little more time with her, regardless. At the same time, Anika was living with him now. And, he had kind of told Jennifer she could move in, too! 

"It's OK, Nat. I know it's a crazy proposal," Misha said, in retreat. 

"No, let's do it," said Nat, determinately. "I have more than enough space for you to stay with me." 

Misha's eyes lit up and she leaned in to give him a kiss. "Yay. I'm excited." She continued to kiss him on the neck and cheek and run her finger through his hair. "Nat you make me feel so good when I'm around you, like I'm special. I want you to know you shouldn't hesitate to ask anything of me. I'm yours. OK?" 

Nat caressed her cheek. "OK Misha. Now, let me take care of the rest of these kids here and then we can get going home. 

"Sounds good," said Misha. 

"Now, what should we do with this Julia girl?" Nat said, stroking her softly on the face. 

Misha thought about it for a little. "I think we need to have her suck your cock. It's still a little grimy from that little Mexican's slobber and your cum getting all over it, right?" 

Nat was surprised. "You saw all that?" 

"Of course!" said Misha. "Julia and I both watched all of it. I loved seeing your face so deep in her little cunt with the juices flowing everywhere. If I had a cock I would have fucked her little butthole while she grinded into your face. That little teen slut really needs to get rammed hard." Before Nat had time to ruminate on that comment, Misha took the initiative and grabbed Julia's hair, hard until she squealed. "Are you ready to clean off Nat's cock for him?" 

Eleven 

Julia looked derelict. Her mascara was running all over her face. Her eyes were watery; her nipples looked raw from pinching; she had scratch marks on her shoulders and sides. But, Lord did she finally seem like a real person, not that social media-obsessed, vein figment of a person she was when this started. In her eyes you could tell she wasn't broken down, but rather, standing on her own two feet. Nathaniel found her quite beautiful. 

Misha yelled out, "Don't just stare at him. Get that dick hard." She gently cupped Nat's balls and massaged them as she looked up at him hungrily. He looked over at Misha again and gave her a nod to come over and she quickly hugged against his side, pressing her beautiful black breasts against him from behind the thin blouse. They both peered down at Julia as she proceeded to give some small kisses on the base of his dick, as if she was a bird cleaning it's feathers. 
