 

Fifteen



The Viking blonde girl, Alice, seemed completely oblivious to the massive fuck fest that had just finished in a firework display of semen, only thirty feet away from her. She also seemed completely unaware of how gigantic her tits had become. (Nat did not remember them being that huge when he walked in). She typed away on a laptop computer, the glow of the screen shining against her nicely tanned skin, her golden, braided locks and her icy blue eyes. Her gigantic orbs were kind of blocked by the screen which Nat didn't like at all.

At the counter, the barista, Hannah, was still pretending to be serving coffee. She had put her dress back on, but her makeup looked disheveled. Nat called her to his table and she came over immediately.

"Can you go ask that young woman over there to shut her laptop screen and then come over to talk to me."

"Anything you wish, Sir," she said with a cheery smile. Nat easily could have had her slide down on his cock, keeping her dress on, and he could watch those milky tits shake around as he destroyed her cunt. But he had much bigger fish to fry.

Hannah went over to Alice's table and within a matter of minutes, Alice was making her way towards Nathaniel. She looked a little awkward, not knowing exactly why she was moving across the room towards a stranger, but doing it nonetheless. When she got there she smiled half-heartedly and said, "Did you need something?". As usual, like the other girls, she had trouble not staring into Nat's eyes, but she remained skeptical.

"Hello, I'm Nathaniel. I noticed you working over there at your table and I thought you should maybe have some company. It's the weekend and you should be enjoying life, not getting hypnotized by a computer." (Little did Nathaniel know the irony of that statement).

Alice chuckled a little bit but then looked at the floor, "I don't really see why that's any of your business, but...ok."

Nat couldn't stop ogling her breasts which were jutting out like gigantic cannon balls inside her top. He snapped himself out of it and then made his move. "Anyway, I'm gonna head to the bathroom in a couple minutes and I want you to follow me in there. We might just talk, we might play a game -- I'm not sure. But I strongly suggest you take the risk to find out.

Alice looked stunned. How could a stranger have the audacity to say something like that? But more importantly, why wasn't she offended in the least? Rather it was kind of exciting and she felt a rush of heat in her body. "I'm gonna go sit down," she said.

Nat watched her walk away, a little extra swagger in her step. He waited for a little bit to play up the mood. The three girls from before had begun to put on their clothes, slowly. They all seemed quite exhausted, and rightfully so. Misha caught his eye and then moved towards him to see if he needed anything.

"I'm gonna go to the bathroom to wash up. I don't think I'll be too long. Wait for me and then we'll head back to my place, OK."

"Give her hell," Misha said, with a wink.

Nat chuckled. "I'll try." Then he remembered something that was in his pocket. "Oh...and here." He handed her Julia's cellphone. "I think she earned this back." He laughed. Misha laughed too. "Tell her, 'once a cumslut, always a cumslut. Never forget that,' or something wise and intimidating like that."

Misha patted his forehead, knowing he was tired."I'll think of something that makes her remember what happened here. And please don't be too long. I wanna take you home and take care of you. It's been a long day...". She leaned down to give him a kiss on the cheek and then walked away towards the other girls.

Nat made his way to the bathroom, winking at Alice on the way. She was still conflicted, and turned away, blushing. He was probably one of the most handsome, and the most arrogant men she had ever met.

Nat killed time in the bathroom by running some water on his face and neck. But it was only a matter of a couple minutes before he heard a light knock on the door which only could have been her. He opened it up to find the tall, blonde and buxom Alice looking very serious. He quickly had the idea to hold off on his advance. It never hurts to create a little ambiance.

"Oh hey, wow...didn't expect you to actually come in here..." He tried to act as surprised as possible. "I was just joking when I told you to meet me here!". Being a slightly clueless foreigner, she recoiled, about to be humiliated, but Nat gave her a way out.

"Oh wait. Or, did you just wanna use the toilet?

She took the handout. "Yes, that's why I'm here. Of course!" she exclaimed, shaking her head in hesitant reproach.

"OK," said Nat. "Well, I'm not sure if it's functioning properly. Why don't you take a look?" He directed her over to the toilet, closing the door behind her. He then went take the back cover of the water basin. "Take a look in here. I'm not sure if it's something with the chain, or what." Although Alice didn't think of herself as very handy, she did what she was told.

Nat watched as she bent over, sticking her ass up in the air. She was wearing a brown leather skirt, about normal length -- not too conservative, not too revealing -- but it rode up her legs as she bent over and he could see her shapely thighs. They were toned but sizable. Her tits hung like sacks of rice in front of her but Nat couldn't see them all too well.

With little announcement, Nat reached in between her legs to the front of her crotch, grazing against her sensitive area, ever so slightly, as he hooked onto her underwear and pulled them slowly down her legs. She propped herself up and turned around to look at him with an angry face.

"What are you doing?" she said with a scoff, though she maintained a transfixed gaze on his eyes.

"I'm taking advantage of you in this bathroom." Nat said confidently, now having used and abused several woman before Alice. "You're here for that. That's why you came in the bathroom. And I'm here to give you what you're looking for."

She was without words as she turned around to face him. "What makes you think that's what I want? I don't even know you."

"I just know." he said. "Plus, I felt that you're already wet, when I touched you just now."

Alice blushed. She didn't like a man feeling that superior over her. She was always taught to be a strong woman. But Nat had a way about him, and, for some reason, she just felt the need to comply with his logic and his directions. She ran her fingers through her soft, blonde hair. "I guess, if you say so. I don't have a lot of time."

"Neither do I. Now, enough with the shy act, let's see that viking in you. Go sit on the sink table. I'm gonna ravish you."

Alice walked staggered over to the bathroom sink counter and leaned her ass against it facing Nat. She dropped her leather skirt revealing her bare, hairless vagina. She then pulled off her top and her monstrous boobs came tumbling down. Her light blue, laced DD bra was far too small for her enlarged size and her titty flesh bubbled out in all directions.

"Wow. You need to find a new bra salesmen," said Nat, jokingly, knowing nothing of his previous alterations he made using the program. "Why don't you take that bra off, too." Alice unclasped it in the back and let the straps fall off her shoulders. As she dropped the cups off she moved her hands to her nipples to rub them lightly.

"Do you have any lotion in your bag," Nat asked. She nodded and went into her purse to take out some lavender body cream. "Rub a copious amount on your breasts and lube them up for me." She did as he said, and Nat dropped his pants, took out his penis and started stroking it. "As I get hard watching you massage those massive, ridiculous bombs, I want you to slowly and sexily move your hands down to your snatch and start getting yourself off."

She squirted four large squirts of the moisturizer onto her huge breasticles and then started to rub it slowly into her skin. You could tell she was still uneasy about the whole situation and yet she couldn't resist Nathaniel and she was clearly getting more turned on with each passing moment. She strained slightly just to lift the breasts and rub the cream underneath (at least she was thorough) and she spent an extra moment to rub each of her nipples until they were perky and hard, but after a while, both her breasts were fully glistening and greasy. At his point she finally worked up the courage to look up at Nat to show him she was all finished with his first direction.

Nat nodded at her seductively and she took that as a cue to begin gliding her hands down her stomach towards her crotch. When she reached her pussy, she parted her larger than average pussy lips and revealed, to Nat, her pink center. She took her cream-lathered fingers and immediately pushed two finger into her vagina, looking at him invitingly as she did it. She also licked her lips as she stared at his gigantic member that he was stroking. After two or three pumps inside her pussy with her fingers, she retracted her hand and started rubbing her clit at a medium pace.

"Make yourself cum, right now, while I watch you," instructed Nat. She began rubbing herself faster, in an irregular motion, and closed her eyes as she leaned back against the faucet.

Nat egged her on. "Yeah you fucking huge-titty bitch. Rub yourself because I told you too...You fucking viking 'ho. Get your cunt wet for Daddy's cock." He moved forward and reached his hand out to squeeze on her luscious breasts.

She responded with a loud moan. "Yes! Please rub on my huge breasts." Nat stroked on her hair as he bent over to suck on her large nipple. "Oh my god! It's too good. You're gonna make me cum!" She started rubbing furiously on her clit while Nat used both hands to pinch and pull on her nipples and shake them. "Oh my God. I'm coming," she yelled and Nat watched as the female ooze exited her hole.

Within seconds of opening her eyes post-orgasm, she reached out her shiny wet hand and grabbed Nat's cock. She looked in his eyes and started stroking it as she pulled him towards her opening. Nat thought, they all come around eventually, and helped her out with the task, pushing forward against the opening of her pussy.

With her pussy being so wet and larger than average, Nat's cock slid right inside, and he didn't stop there, he pushed all the way in and, for the first time today, he was able to touch the base of his cock against her pussy lips without feeling the back of her cervix on his tip. This excited him and he began long, hard thrusts.

Alice showed him how much she loved it by seductively sucking on her own nipples, squeezing her breasts together so they would bulge up. She grabbed on his pecks, squeezing her legs around his back and contracting her vaginal muscles to give him extra pleasure.

Suddenly Alice used her legs to stop him from thrusting. "Wait, wait, wait," she said.

"Why, I'm not done yet." said Nat impatiently.

"Can I give you titty sex?" she asked as she juggled her large breasts.

Nat's frown was quickly turned upside-down and he giggled at her foreign terminology. Stepping back, Nat helped Alice off the sink and she quickly dropped to the ground, her knees resting on the dirty, public bathroom floor. She grabbed the lotion off the counter and squirted a healthy amount all over her breasts and began to rub it around as she looked up at him, smiling.

She started by putting the tip in her mouth. She sucked it hard, then pulled her mouth off with a "pop," looking up at him playfully. She did that several more times than pushed her mouth further down the shaft, making a wet slobbery sound as she moved up and down. She then pulled her mouth off once again, grabbed the cock with her hand and went down to suck on each of his balls forcefully as she continued to rub his dick up and down.

Nat's rock hard dick was almost aching from all the sex today, but he was so turned on he didn't care. He'd just never seen such large breasts before, except in porn, and he never had expected he'd get this close to a pair. He stroked her silky blonde hair as she continued to fellate him.

When Alice was done with his balls she pulled away again and shook her head. "I think you have a wonderful cock." she said, looking up at him. "I'm gonna give it a nice massage with my melons, ok?". Nat nodded. She smiled and took a tit in each hand, gently wrapping them around his shaft. The oily tit flesh felt good, but what made is extra special was seeing his massive rod get buried inside her bosom, except for the large cock head sticking through, at the top. Alice's face was serious and focused. She carefully secured the tightest possible grip around his dick to keep it from slipping out and then she looked up at him one more time. "Is ok if I begin?"

Vigorously, Alice pumped, up and down, her breasts agains his rod. Nat chewed at his gum from the pleasure. He looked in the mirror at the back of the blonde head that was titty fucking his dick, with his slightly chiseled abs and, basically the same face he had looked in every other mirror since he could last remember. What he felt was something beyond the friction of her breasts or the slipperiness or the noises or the physical weight and warmth of having his penis enveloped by two giant, greasy balloons. He reveled in the spiritual -- though perhaps that was an ironic use of the word --connection going on. Her devotion to using those sexual weapons to bring him pleasure was unreal. It was humbling, startling and a little saddening, for some reason.

If pure pleasure and the obtainment of one's desires was so possible—as demonstrated by today—why had he wasted the rest of his earlier life doing hardly anything fun, being other people's subordinate, not speaking up for himself, or, in general, just taking risks? It was as if, in this simple, undulating motion Alice was performing, she had somehow taken on his sadness for him. His pleasure, his lust, his aggression, his long-lost innocence—somehow she'd made all that much more bearable, more justified, more raw, more real. And ultimately, the final product was a new brand of eroticism—one where his new detachment unleashed a new level of intimacy. His newfound confidence and sense of sexual adequacy, if not superiority, allowed him to be a little less self-centered.

As far as Nat was concerned, these woman legitimately loved his cock, his cum, his eyes, and taking his directions.Who was he to not step up to the plate when his number was called?

Alice could tell Nat was distracted and she grabbed hold of his shaft with both hands, squeezing it tightly, she wrung her hands up the length of him.

"Are you ready to give me you milk?" she asked. It was cute the way she called it "milk".

"Actually I'm gonna give it to you inside your little fuck hole," said Nat.

"Oh," she said, just as happy with that new option. She was so horny, she couldn't really stand a second of down time. She just had never had such a large dick in front of her like this. It was kind of a woman's dream. And her tits were so much larger-seeming than usual, so it just seemed like their two sex organs were meant to spend some time together. Just thinking through the strangeness and sexiness of this whole experience made her pussy drip with female cum.

"Turn around and lean on the counter and spread your ass cheeks wide." She turned and pushed her fat ass up in the air. Her gigantic tits flapped onto the counter, one of them partly falling into the sink. She put her hands behind her and grabbed her ass cheeks, spreading them to reveal her sopping wet pussy crack.

Nat wasted no time pushing into her from behind. She gasped as it struck her immediately against her G-spot. He watched her expression in the mirror as he pulled back and then fired again, her tits jiggling from the blow against her ass. She tried to utter words, but couldn't. Nat grabbed her arms and pulled them towards him, forcing her to arch her back which lifted her giant orbs into the air.

In this position, he found his peak rhythm, pounding her furiously as he watched her come to orgasm. She cried out as she came but he continued to pound her. She grabbed her tits and squeezed her nipples as she lovingly leaned her neck back closer to his chin. She grabbed his hands put them under her hands, helping him rub and squeeze her nipples. He continued to slam his cock in her unlike any man had slammed her before.

When she seemed to be reaching her second orgasm, Nat charged up his dick and then unloaded a large sperm shot inside of her. As she felt the warm sauce hitting close to her womb, this provoked her to cum again and they both gyrated together in total bliss. As he began to ease up on the thrusting, he looked at her tits in the mirror and got one more thought.

Nat grabbed Alice's shoulder and shoved her back on the ground, which she did not not resist, in the least. Her head rested against the bottom of the sink counter. Her bare ass laid directly on the dirty floor and she continued to rub on her sopping wet pussy. It felt amazing to her to be treating like a sex slave, pushed around and used for whatever her master desired. She worshipped his cock and would let him do endless more nasty things to her, if he wanted.

Nat's cock was still hard and he began stroking on it. With her hand, Alice grazed up his calf and thigh, ever so lightly. Nat pumped himself with his hand as he aimed at the almost-too-sexy, gigantic targets in front of him. He thought about the past couple days, all of his sexual exploits from Anika, to Jennifer, to Misha and the rest of the café girls. And now, Alice was, once again, waiting for his baby juice. Her mouth watered for it. Her pussy pulsed for it. Her skin was flushed, her eyelashes batting and she couldn't hold back the tiniest smile.

Using her upper arms to squeezed together her breasts, she took her hands and bobbled each tit like a jiggly watermelon.

"Do you have some more see—men for me?"

Nat continued to stroke.

"Do you like to spray me with your milk?"

He stoked harder.

"I need your cream soo much, mister. Give me your delicious cream! I want it now!"

Nat went into turbo mode, edging himself into another, giant orgasm. He then let it all go, ejaculating his thick spunk all over her tits. He covered her in gooey goodness, her nipples becoming ridges off which a waterfall of cum would launch, falling down her belly and her legs and her pussy (which was still dripping white ooze from his previous load).

As the torrent subsided, Alice grabbed some of his milk and brought it to her mouth to taste it and then brought her hands back down to her tits to play in the puddles. Nat pushed himself towards her mouth, indicating for her to clean him off. She did so, happily, then Nat quickly got dressed and told Alice he needed to leave.

"You get cleaned up on your own," he told her, authoritatively. "That was swell." (He had second thoughts about that line).

Alice was remorseful to see him go, but jubilant, nonetheless. She blew him a kiss and he walked out.



Sixteen



As Nat left the bathroom, he took stock of the café. Though no new costumers had entered, Julia and Lupe had left. The baristas were playing shopkeep as if nothing had happened earlier. The mess of cum that had been on the floor had apparently been cleaned up. And Misha sat alone at a table, reading. He approached her.

"How was everything?" she said with a smirk.

"It went swimmingly. What happened to our little cumslut, Julia?"

"She seemed tired so I sent her home," said Misha. "She definitely seemed like she had earned her right to call it a day."

"I guess that's true," said Nat. "I'm pretty wiped, myself. And hungry...You feel like eating something?"

"Yeah I would," said Misha, "But I really need to shower before we do anything."
