 

Seventeen



When Nat opened the door to his apartment, he immediately smelled a delicious aroma of pot roast or something of the like. It reminded him of his grandmother's house when she would cook brisket for the Jewish holidays. Anika was in the kitchen wearing a short apron that went down only to the middle of her thighs. Underneath, it appeared she had on a skimpy, satin top that was sky blue in color. She was wearing a pair of very short jean cut-offs with a little bit off her ass hanging out below. She turned around when the door opened to reveal the very low-cut apron and the lovely cleavage underneath.

"I didn't know you had a girlfriend here," said Misha, quietly.

"Yeah, I forgot to tell you she's living with me right now while she's working on this special project of mine, but she's not exactly my girlfriend," said Nat, confidently side-stepping the issue.

"She's really pretty!" exclaimed Misha, with a hint of jealousy but also a little hurrah, as well.

Anika put down her spatula and walked over to Nat. She leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek and then looked over at Misha and back to Nat.

Nat jumped in, "Anika, this is Misha. She's a friend from high school and I ran in to her randomly at the café today. We've been catching up."

Anika put her hand out for a shake and then pulled Misha in for a kiss on the cheek as well. "It's a pleasure to meet you," Anika said, softly.

Misha was surprised and flattered by the kiss, not used to the European custom. "No, the pleasure is mine." And it was a pleasure for Misha as she was finding Anika increasingly more attractive and she liked her scent and the sound of her voice, as well.

Nat continued speaking to Anika. "I thought Misha could maybe join us this evening. Sorry I'm getting back so late."

"Uh oh, do I have to make extra-large portion for an American girl? I know how they like to eat a lot..." she joked, a bit nervously. "I kidding. That's fine. Yeah, I didn't want you to be too hungry so I just decided to cook instead of us going out. I'm making goulash. Is that OK with you guys?" Anika asked curtly but humbly. Misha and Nat both nodded.

"Misha was gonna jump in the shower. Let's eat in like half an hour," said Nat.

"That's OK for me," said Anika. "By the way, I need to talk to you about some business things, quickly...in private."

"Ok, I understand." he said with a serious tone. Then he pointed down the hall. "Misha there's the bathroom. There's clean towels in there and you can change into some of Anika's clothes, which you should be able to find in the master bedroom, second door on the right." He looked at Anika, tentatively, to confirm.

"Yea," said Anika. "You're welcome to anything you find."

"You're not gonna shower?" said Misha to Nat, having hoped he would join.

"Take your time. I'll be in, in a bit." said Nat. Misha got excited again and walked off towards the bathroom.

Anika raised her eyebrows to Nat, smirking. Nat gave her a nod. And that was that. She leaned in to give him a real kiss on the mouth and they french kissed for a while. He grabbed her butt that was barely covered by her shorts and then she pulled off. "Wow, you smell like all kinds of sex!" she said, snickering.

Nat laughed. "It's been quite an afternoon."

"Well, we do need to talk for a minute. Do you want a glass of wine?"

"That would be great," he said as he made his way over to the couch. Anika brought him a glass and clinked his with her own glass as they shared a deep gaze.

"First of all," began Anika, "I'm very grateful that you asked me to move in with you. I'm eager to spend more time with you. I didn't realize before, but I was getting quite lonely without my husband...well, I should say ex-husband....out of the picture." Nat knew that this was part of his programming, but he acted surprised nonetheless.

"Wow that's crazy! Are you OK?"

"Yeah," continued Anika, "I wanted to be done with it. It was a little tricky to reach him in Syria but I was pretty convincing on the phone." She hesitated with a little eye roll. "I might have blackmailed him a bit." Nat laughed. "But I faxed a couple documents and now that's over. And now we can focus on us, and our mission."

Nat hadn't remembered telling her to think of her duties in such terms, but he did like the ring of "their mission."

"So do you want me to tell you a little bit of what I got done today?" she asked, eagerly.

"Yeah, let's hear it." said Nat, as he reclined back onto the sofa cushion.

"So, yeah...I had a great day today. Moved my stuff in to your room, cleaned up the house some, grabbed some groceries for the house...then I got to work on our mission -- which is what I'm calling it, I hope that's ok..."

"Of course. No, I like it." he said.

"So, I did some research on some of the commands you already started." Nat, held his breath hoping she hadn't found her own profile's history. But no, he set it so she couldn't figure out that she was being programmed. "Some of the actions you've begun have already began to show budding results," continued Anika. "—like the Donald Trump innocent," she said, smiling. "Since you, smartly, added a time-release element, it will take a while for the full plan to unravel.

"But already, I'm finding a couple cool results. Due to some alternative type of prodding by members of congress, the Israeli military has proposed a peace offering of reducing their military budget, specifically the Palestinian relations department, by over fifty per cent. Also, already, as of today, there are new bills in the works for healthcare and immigration reform, so cheers to that." She held up her glass to him. They clinked.

Nat was enthralled with Anika's great work. It was both erotic and inspiring to see another person, especially a woman, so in tune with his own values, goals and beliefs. Before, she was just an innocent, passing neighbor. They'd have a trivial conversation about the building or maybe share a recipe. And then just recently she'd become a sexual exploit. But now, to see her satisfying his need for intellectual stimulation made her all the more attractive.

With a professional gaze, determined and serious, she continued. "I also took the liberty of beginning an expedited process to incorporate CPM Unlimited, the engineering and design firm business, although I changed the overall business category to "investment firm." This will allow those upcoming art transactions you set in motion to be carried out smoother and more conspicuously.

"Finally, I hired a contractor and decorator to begin a rush job for the development of your new offices above where Mannes & McMichael used to be."

Nat was floored. Anika looked proud of her work but also driven to please Nat and awaited his approval. "That's fabulous work. Thank you," said Nat. "Give me a hug. I'm so happy you're on-board!" he said as he pulled her in tight.

"Me too," said Anika, her eyes a little glassy from the feeling of accomplishment and from Nat's approval. "Now, why don't you go get washed up. I'm gonna finish up dinner. Besides, I think your friend, Misha, may need some assistance in the bathroom," she said with the faintest smile.

Nat finished his glass of wine and put it on the table. As he was about to stand up, Anika grabbed him on the shoulder and said, "But don't forget, I have my needs too." She looked at him with a seductive smile. Nat smiled back. Leaning in, she whispered in his ear, "You know, there's places inside of me you haven't explored yet. Deep, dark and...narrow places." She stuck her tongue inside his ear and then bit lightly on his ear lobe. Nat instantly became erect and tingles went down his spine, imagining just what those mysterious, dark place might be like, and whether he might travel down that eery canal later this evening.



Eighteen



As expected, when Nat reached the bathroom door, the handle was unlocked. He could hear the shower running inside. He opened the door and the bathroom was filled with steam. The slightly translucent shower curtain revealed Misha's shapely form, her ass jutting out behind her, her large, dense, but perky breasts poking out in front of her. He took off his clothes, quietly, until he was wearing nothing but his birthday suit. Maintaining only a semi-erection he pulled back the curtain quietly and stepped in. Miraculously she didn't hear him come in and she stood facing the wall, the water running over her thick black hair, down her back and gliding over her rotund, beautiful brown bubble-butt. He stepped up to her, slowly, and then simultaneous pressed his crotch against her ass as he reached around to grab her luscious tits.

She startled a little, but then relaxed into his embrace, arching her back to push her breasts into his hands as she also pressed her ass back against his slowly hardening dick. "You're cold!" she said, reaching her arms over head to grab him on the back of the neck. "Here, turn around and get under the water." She positioned him under the faucet and moved her hand down to play with his cock. Her face looked beautiful, slicked with water, her hair tightly pushed back. With such familiarity, her big, brown eyes gleamed, cheerfully. Her wet hand squeezed gingerly against his dick.

Nat picked up one of her large breasts and kissed on it, sucking gently on the nipple and kissing around the areola as he squeezed the breast gently with his hand. "How is your shower going?" he said.

"Better now that you're here." said Misha, tenderly. "I thought about you while I played with myself, earlier, and I got really wet and excited.

"Oh yeah?" he whispered. "Did you have a little orgasm for me?"

"Maybe," she said, bashfully. His cock was pretty much fully hard at this point. Misha grabbed it and lifted her leg a little so she could straddle him. It was long enough that it passed almost all the way under her torso with the head poking out near her asshole. She looked up him with a sultry stare as she rocked slightly back and forth, her pussy lips settling to either side of his shaft while her clit pressed down against the top. She went slow enough that he could feel the way her clit was traveling over the veins of his hard dick. Her breathing got shorter and louder. Nat grabbed both tits and alternated sticking the two, squishy balls into his mouth. Misha leaned her head against his chest as she pressed down harder against his dick. She reached around with her hand to grab the head of his cock as it poked out her backside.

"Ooh, your hard, wet meat feels so good, Nat," she moaned. "I need you, baby."

Nat put his finger under her chin and lifted her head up so he could give her a deep, wet kiss. He grabbed both hands on her voluptuous ass and squeezed her butt cheeks. "Put your arms around my neck," he said. She did as she was told. And then, partially remembering the attributes he'd given himself, but partially just trusting his own instincts, he picked her up using the bottom of her sit bones and, all the sudden, she was hanging on his neck, her breasts pressed against his chest, her legs wrapped around his back. The water ran over both of them, but Nat's grip was strong and he felt totally in control.

"Ohh baby, you're so strong! Please take me now!" cried Misha.

Nat positioned his cock head against her pussy and slowly released her weight downwards so that the cock slid directly up her passageway. She moaned louder. "Oh my God," she said, as if she had just eaten the best flan of her life. Nat stopped about three-quarters of the way down his shaft to make sure she was all right, assuming that he would probably be too big for her."All the way down, baby. It's OK," Misha consoled him. "Us black girls are bred to take a longer dick." They both chuckled and Nat let her have the full length and they both stayed there for a minute, enjoying the connectedness, the enveloping warmth. They kissed again, passionately and Nat began micro pumps as she wiggled her hips in different directions so that his cock hit her in different spots. Nat opened his eyes and looked down at her large breasts crammed against his chest, wet and black, like ebony. He began to create larger strokes by lifting her body and then letting her slide down.

"Yes. Fuck me, Nat," she moaned. "Fuck this black girl's pussy." He went faster and harder. "I love that cock in me," she continued. "I love how you get in deep, baby. Keep fucking me! Slide my pussy down on you. Grab my booty hard and don't let go. Oh. Oh! I'm cumming!!!" She squeezed his neck deathly tight and began vibrating, her pussy convulsing.

"Oh my God, Nat...So fucking good!" She leaned up to give him a kiss and their mouths melted together. She continued to work her hips in small movements, clenching his dick with her pussy muscles and then releasing.

"Do you want to hit me from the back?" she said softly.

"Sure," said Nat, "but then we have to go get dinner."

"Anything you want, baby." Nat lifted her off his dick and let her down to the ground. She regained her footing then turned around and put her hands up against the shower wall, her ass pushed up into the sky. "Nat, I want you to take this pussy hard. No excuses, OK?"

"As you wish," said Nat, and he cocked his hand back to spank her hard on her right butt cheek.

"Owee!!" cried Misha. "Dare you to do it again." Nat brought his hand down even harder against her left butt cheek and she screamed. "Take me Nat, now!"

He slid his rock-hard dick under her sizable ass and found her opening which was wet with female ooze. Applying pressure, it slipped in to her pussy. He took a couple preliminary strokes before plowing in hard and she moaned loudly, clearly in an ecstatic state.

All the way in, he pushed his cock, and then out and back again as he stared at her beautiful black skin and her booty as it quaked. She was his lover, she knew him well, she loved his cock, her pussy accommodated him well. She was chill; she was funny; she was mature and warm. He loved this girl, and he loved tearing up her fuck hole and hearing her moan with joy. She grabbed her own tits and squeezed on them. She reached around to play with his balls as he fucked her. Her pussy was tight around his dick, just the right amount of pressure and it looked amazing, this interracial contrast with his tan, white cock stretching out her pink hole with the black picture-frame. Her asshole stared him right in the face and he pressed his thumb against it and she moaned hard, once again.

"Nat, you naughty boy!"

Nat slowed down for a minute, putting it in all the way and the pulling it out all the way. Misha found it torturous. "Please Nat, fuck me hard. I want you to cum!"

He couldn't refuse the offer and started slamming into her at full force. He felt himself getting close to orgasm and cried out "I'm gonna cum." He pumped faster and faster.

"Yes baby, cum inside me!" she screamed. "Please cum inside me!"

He cocked back and unloaded, sending a torrent of cum up her black snatch.

"Oh my God," cried Misha, "It's so much!"

When Nat could feel her vagina was fully cum-filled he pulled his dick out and kept spewing against her pussy, against her clit, and her asshole, and then all over her fat ass. She spun around and kneeled down to put him in her mouth and he kept producing cum like some kind of soft-serve machine on overload. The thick semen lined her tongue and lips with frosting and she swallowed down as she pushed his cock down her throat so she could take the rest of his load.

Nat didn't even know where he was anymore. He was so lost in the moment he just kept releasing semen and his orgasm kept going. Misha choked a little and he came out of his trance, stopping the flood and opening his eyes to see Misha's smiling face.

"I think I'm in love with you," Nat blurted out.

"Aww." said Misha, her eyes warm and tender. "I love you too, baby." She kissed his cock one more time and then got up, pressing her body against his as she gave him another deep kiss. Nat could taste his semen on her lips and he liked it. They rinsed off one more time and Nat left her alone, to dry off and get dressed. He put on some pajamas in his room and then headed out to see if dinner was ready.



Nineteen



Since Anika still needed a few more minutes, Nat decided to step into his office and pull up the program on a larger screen (although the phone had served him quite well this afternoon). He first did some covering of his tracks, by doing a "Men-In-Black-style" memory wipe of the whole café from this afternoon. It allowed the participants from earlier to comfortably adjust back into their normal lifestyle and behavioral modes, although he made two exceptions. With Julia, although it would never cause her any issues with her work or family, she would remember this day as a life-altering experience to be treasured, and she would continue to pursue healthy cumwhore-style activities, whenever possible. She would write monthly emails to Nathaniel detailing those activities and begging him to visit her.

It wasn't that he wanted to torture the girl, he just thought her old life was kind of bitchy and obnoxious and that the world could use a cumwhore a lot more than it could use a prissy bitch. And she wouldn't know the difference. Maybe he'd revisit her after a year and give her a new calling...What's a year of whoring in a full life's span, especially if she's loving every minute of it?

Nat also decided to leave the counter girl, Hannah, slightly attracted to him and prone to his verbal commands, as it seemed like she would be nice to have "on-call." Say, he was feeling like he didn't have anything fun for the weekend, he could just stop by and suggest that she invite some of her twenty-two-year-old friends out for a night on the town. He provides the limo and some G&Ts and suddenly they're all having some real, genuine fun. That is, until he takes them all back to the hotel room and ties them up to each other with their own panties...Stop daydreaming, Nat! he thought to himself.

But it was better, he was beginning to realize, at least when dealing with strangers, to just, kind of, set the wheels in motion for a good experience and not micromanage every single parameter and foresee every outcome. It really wasn't smart to be putting himself under these naivety spells in order to enjoy everything. That kind of relinquishing of control could lead to mistakes which would lead to very dangerous outcomes when dealing with a program this powerful. In fact...Nat pulled up his own profile and modified his awareness of the program to be, at all times, awed by it, turned on and fulfilled by its benefits but, simultaneously, a hyper-vigilant guardian of the program. His commands would always have an unpredictability factor, but not towards the negative, only towards the positive.

He thought more about the other copies of the program out there and asked the help guide if he could lock himself and others from being modified or affected by the program. The program said that he could lock up to ten subjects. So he did so to include himself, his parents, Jennifer, Misha, Anika and left the others blank. He figured, if he was discovered by the other user he would want to protect himself from assassination attempts, so he made his skin and organs impervious to damage from weapons or other humans (he had already made himself totally immune from any kind of disease or virus). He applied all these attributes to his other favorite subjects. He also made himself seem very benign and trustworthy to anyone seeking power or leverage. Maybe he could just cloak himself in being a very unlikely candidate to match the blip on the other user's radar of a nearby threat. But if it came to stopping a menacing, evil type of Master PC user, that was gonna take a lot of cunning and guile. He set his brainpower to think in a particularly out-of-the-box approach when it came to warfare with a threatening power. Hopefully this would protect him and give him some kind of advantage, but there was no predicting how something like this would go down.
