 Twenty-Three 

The next morning, Nat awoke in his bed to the smell of bacon coming from the other room. Misha's ass was pressed against his crotch, her naked body spooned against his chest. His arm was wrapped around her waist, her tits hanging gently against his forearm. He felt his dick beginning to get hard against Misha's ass crack, which roused her some so he restrained himself. Still, as she felt some substance behind her, she started wiggling her ass against him in her half-slumber. He grabbed her luscious tit and flexed his dick against her as he stretched his body in a morning yawn. This was the life, he thought. 

Deciding to leave Misha to let her get some more rest, he jumped in the shower to wash off the semen, female cum, and sweat from last night. He threw on his suit and shoes and stepped out into the living room to find Anika had prepared a whole spread with pastries, fruit, eggs, bacon, orange juice and coffee. She wore a silk robe with her hair up in a bun and her glasses on. Her tits pushed out the fabric of the robe, splashing out by the part of the two leaves. When she saw him, her nipples instantly protruded further from the robe and a huge smile came across her face. 

"I hope you don't mind, I went out to get a few things. Wanted to make sure you were well-nourished today," said Anika as Nat walked over to give her a kiss. She was clearly happy to have a family, of sorts, again, instead of her quiet, lonely existence of before. 

"Thank you, Anika." Nat sat down and consumed a large helping of breakfast as he rattled off some information and stuff for Anika to take care. "So, I'm gonna head in to the office for a little bit, but I'll be available by phone all day. I want you to continue the work you were doing before, and continue to be vigilant about covering your tracks, not calling too much attention to the operations. 

"Also, I don't want you to pay out of pocket for anything anymore, so here," he put his debit card on the table, "take this and use it however you need to. The pin number is 07752." 

Anika nodded re-assuringly. "Thanks, Nat. That's a good idea." 

Nat continued. "I think Misha has a new project she's gonna be working on which will be making use of your apartment." 

"Oh, cool," said Anika, "I'll make sure I get it tidied up for her and I'll show her around after she gets up." 

"Great. Anything else, for right now?" 

Anika thought for a moment. "Nothing, in particular... Except, do you want me to service you this morning. I was supposed to do so when you woke up, but I thought I might let Misha take care of that since you guys were so nicely entwined." 

Nat loved her devotion, and could feel the blood rushing down to his groin at the thought of her whipping it out of his suit pants, but he also had several sexual exploits he wanted to take care of today, and he thought it might be better to hold off. "Thanks Anika, I would like that, but I think I'll take a rain check cuz I need to get going today. Can you make sure to spend some "play time" with Misha between your programming work?" 

Anika smiled adoringly. "Ok Nat. Can I at least just give you a kiss before you leave?" 

"OK, sure," said Nat. 

She pranced over to Nat. Allowing her robe to part a little, she jumped up on his lap, her face in front of his, her ass pressed against his crotch, her tits jutting out of the robe. As she leaned in for the kiss, her ass grinded against his slowly hardening dick. 

"You little devil!" said Nat. 

"I can't let you go out into the world, not remembering your favorite girlfriend. Look, you know you want it...he wants it," she added, looking briefly towards his lap. 

Nat had trouble resisting. "OK, but make it quick." 

"My pleasure," said Anika. She got on the floor, unzipped his fly and pulled down his pants, making sure she didn't get any stains on his clothes. She then pulled his cock out of his briefs and started stroking it to full hardness as she looked in his eyes and smiled. Her tits were now falling out of her robe as she bent over his lap. 

When he was fully hard she immediately opened her warm mouth and brought it down over his cock, working her magic as she stroked the base. She pumped for several minutes, completely devoted to his pleasure, and performing the best blowjob she could think to perform. As his 11-inch cock became slick and slobbery from top to bottom, she took it out of her mouth and climbed up on his lap again, Her panty-less pussy already wet and ready for him, she used her hand behind her to guide his long dick into her pussy. The girth and length, though always a stretch for her, was becoming something she was growing very comfortable with. 

She slid down the full length of his cock until she felt her pussy lips rub against his ballsack. Then she started bouncing up and down. Her tits started flopping up and down, both having escaped the robe. Noticing that Nat was eyeing them, she took him by the back of the head and jammed his face into her cleavage as she bounced up and down more feverishly. He licked and sucked at her breasts, sucking on her long nipples and then just putting his face in a position to get smacked by them. Anika helped the smacking of the tits by bouncing even harder on his dick and swinging them in a rotating motion. Nat held on to her ass as he felt his dick go up deeper inside of her with each downward motion. The feeling of "full service" from a female, and the concept of a simple, morning quickie was enough to put him over the edge. He whispered, "I'm gonna cum." 

Anika whispered back an excited, "OK, baby," as she began to slightly slow down her bouncing, making her thrusts more sensual. Still she pressed her large breasts against him as she used her vagina to milk his dick. Nat responded accordingly as he began to pump semen into her pussy. "Yes, baby! That's so good, baby!" she yelled as she, herself had a little orgasm, her hips shaking ever so slightly. 

As Nat's orgasm subsided, she jumped off his dick, using her vaginal muscles to keep the cum inside her. She used her mouth to clean him off thoroughly and then gave him a kiss on the tip saying, "Hold on a minute." She straightened up her robe and then skipped out of the room. Returning with a damp washcloth, she wiped him off once again, before putting his cock away and pulling up his pants for him. As Nat buttoned up, she explained, "I just wouldn't want you to feel sticky today, at work." 

Nat laughed to himself, there's plenty more stickiness waiting at the office. I assure you that. He leaned in for one more kiss from Anika, on the cheek, and then grabbed his laptop case and headed off into the NYC commute. 

Twenty-Four 

Riding on the train to work, Nat's head was filled with many types of thoughts, concerns and daydreams. Thinking about the insane amount of sex he had yesterday, between the cafe with several strangers and his apartment with Misha and Anika, it was mind-boggling, almost traumatic. How could this lifestyle not peak and flatline, or snowball out of control. In addition, he still didn't know what was going to happen with the other, unidentified Master PC user, as well as just the main reason for why Misako had cautioned him so severely or why she had ultimately given away her copy of the program and the possibilities therein for what reason, he had no idea. Finally he was still in need of a way to make some quick cash. He had two new girlfriends to support, plus a whole laundry list of fun expenses he was anxious to make. 

His stress was high, for someone with so much power, so he decided to bring up his profile and change his temperament so that he remained calm and collected when confronted with new problems or disturbances. Also, he gave himself a kind of familiarity with the program, as if he had been using it since he was a kid, so that the greater ramifications or possibilities of it would not seem quite so overwhelming. 

Sitting on the train was kind of a silly thought to Nat, as he could probably be flying like a bird to work, if he wanted to. But it was still nice to act like a normal New Yorker. Normally he would listen to music or a podcast to entertain himself on the train, but it seemed kind of trivial when he was holding a universe in his phone. He decided to play around with some people on the train, to pass the time. 

He noticed there was a young man with a flat-brimmed hat, maybe age-eighteen, standing near the doorway, eyeing a middle age woman that was seated on the bench. The woman had straight gorgeous red hair. Her large breasts they jutted out of her pink and white summer dress. About three inches of cleavage was visible. The bottom of the dress was short and it revealed her shapely thighs. Nat used his mind-reading ability to find the woman's name. He then enter the command, "You will stand up like you're getting off the train, approach the young man with the hat, speak something seductive in his ear and then take his phone to enter you phone number. If he calls, swiftly arrange a meet-up at which you will engage in the young man's wildest fantasies." He then brought up the boy's profile, increased his sexual skills and made sure he would be respectful of any women he engaged with. 

Only five minutes later, the curvaceous woman got up slowly. Swaying her hips she moved in front of the boy, with her tits inches from his face. She leaned in to say something and the boy's face went white, though he showed the faintest smile. She gave him her number, as directed and then got off at the next stop. The kid looked like a new man. 

Nat was pleased with his random act of kindness. He scanned the subway some more to see what other magic he could whip up. There was a cute old man, well-dressed with a fedora on. He appeared to be Cuban or of similar nationality, and he seemed to be suffering with some serious arthritis, as he kept rubbing his hands and grimacing. Nat "pulled up his chart" and directed that all his arthritis pain would permanently subside over the course of the next two weeks. Also, he gave him a fully working penis and newfound sex drive. Finally, his wrinkles would clear up by fifty percent and he would begin to appear twenty years younger, which wouldn't be strange to anyone close to him. 

Nat lost both his grandparents at an early age, so this was a nice way to reconnect with the elderly. He kept scanning the subway car as the train passed under the East River. Everyone else seemed kind of dull and uninspiring until he caught the smooth, tanned legs of a woman sitting at the other end of his bench. He leaned forward to find that she was an extremely attractive younger woman, about the age of thirty, with light, wavy brown hair. Her eyes were a green varietal, her cheeks nicely sunken with a small dimple above her thick, spongey lips. Following down her neck, there was a nice set of punching bags and then a huge pregnant belly. 

She was probably about six or seven months deep into her pregnancy, but looking radiant as she read a New Yorker magazine. Nat could not resist the urge to play with this little gem. Pulling up her profile, he found that she was married but that she was sexually frustrated with her husband. She was also, generally, extra horny due to her pregnancy hormones. Nat enhanced that horniness by twenty percent and made her feel open, if not eager, to exploring other male encounters, especially ones with no strings attached. It said that her workplace was in Union Square, which is where Nat would be transferring anyway. He commanded that when she left the train she would accidentally trip and start panicking. Nat would swoop in to save her and she would find him one of the most handsome and ruggedly masculine men she had ever seen. As soon as he touches her pregnant belly, she'll be able to think of nothing except fucking him. 

When the pregnant woman exited the train, Nat's plan was set in motion. Her foot slipped, and her leg actually dropped down in between the car and platform. She started screaming and Nat ran over to help. By the time the train started to roll away, Nat had rescued her on to the platform, but her shoe didn't make it. She was dismayed about her shoe but turned around to thank Nathaniel, who immediately made her jaw drop, her heart start racing and her skin go flush. 

"Are you OK, ma'am?" said Nat. 

"Ye-yeah..." stammered the pregnant woman. "You're so...oh my god.." She was breathless and speechless. 

Nat chuckled. "Can I take you somewhere where you can rest a little?" 

She couldn't take her eyes off his, but she managed to nod her head as she held her hands to her very rotund belly. Nat didn't hesitate long before he slid his hand against the back of her dress and quickly swooped his other hand under her legs, effortlessly lifting her into the air. She yelped giddily and he carried her out of the station. Her breasts jiggled around and her dress rode up her thighs as she laid cradled in his arms. 

When he got above ground he brought her over to a bench in the park. Once settled, the woman gathered her thoughts enough to thank him profusely for saving her. He humbly refused the apology. "Anything for a beautiful damsel-in-distress," he said charmingly. 

"Aww...you're too sweet. Not sure what you're talk about, though. I'm more like a cow in distress." she said, motioning to her belly. 

"I think it's sexy, actually," he said in a more hushed tone. "Do you mind if I feel?" 

"Sure, no problem," she said, seemingly having forgotten he was a complete stranger. Nat put his hand softly on her belly and started rubbing slowly. He watched her face to see her reaction. Her look immediately shifted from scattered and shy to focused and driven. "That feel nice," she said, moaning. 

"You deserve a man that can take care of your needs," he said. "A gorgeous woman like you should have the VIP treatment." He took his hand away. She was clearly disappointed, but didn't know how to engage him more. She started thinking crazy thoughts about bedding him, this moment, finding somewhere to let him take her, carnally. His confidence, his looks, his sophistication and gentleness were all irresistible to her, and she didn't even remember where she had been going or what she needed to do later, or why this was all happening, but it was an urgent situation; she knew that. 

Nat played coy, knowing the types of feelings that were probably going on in her body and head, but letting it all fester for a second. He pulled up his phone and entered the radius of the park. He made it so people would notice him and the pregnant woman but would not interact or say anything. They'd keep moving and forget quickly about what they saw. He wanted the woman to feel the rush of being scrutinized, but without there being any ramifications. 

"So is there anything about your new body that you do like?" asked Nat. 

She hesitated briefly before responding. "My breasts," she said assuredly. "They got much bigger and more squishy and my nipples got bigger and more sensitive." 

"Oh wow." He pretended to be surprised by her candidness. "Your husband must enjoy those two perks." 

"Not really. He's never home. We haven't made love or even fooled around in months." 

"That's really unfortunate," said Nat. "Do you mind if I just have a feel, just to understand more about the growth and see what your husband was audacious enough to neglect?" 

"I think that would probably be a good experiment for you," she said smiling, her heart beating hard with excitement. How could she be OK with this, she wondered, especially out here in the park? But she went with it, regardless, as she was so turned-on. 

Nat reached his hand over to grab her large breast and began groping and feeling his way around. He pinched gently on the nipple and she let out a sigh, instinctively reaching her arm up to stroke the back of his hair. 

Nat said, "I'm gonna get a better look," as he reached into her dress from the top, sliding his hand into her bra to pull out her large right titty. 

"Oh my God," she said, with a tone of embarrassment but also glee. Her tit was lovely—so soft but also firm, with a large brownish areola. Her nipples were slightly erect. Nat bent his head down to suck gently on her nip as he continued to knead and squeeze the breast. He then, more forcefully pulled out her left tit and did the same, alternating back and forth. Her breath was becoming more rapid as she whimpered. She grabbed his wrist and pushed it down to her crotch where he found a very damp set of panties that he pushed aside to access her juicy snatch. He inserted two fingers into her and she moaned deeply. He jammed in and out of her, curving his fingers up to reach her G-spot. She pulled his face into hers to give him a deep, tongue-swirling kiss. He jammed his fingers in further. 

"Just so you know, I have a very large cock. I'm not sure what you're used to—" 

She cut him off, whispering frantically, "I want it!" 

He then slipped in his third finger, using his palm to stimulate her clitoris. He jammed his fingers harder in to her, pummeling her pussy like some pizza dough. She approached orgasm and Nat pinched hard on her left nipple with his thumb and forefinger, which put her over the edge. She screamed out loudly as she covered her own mouth. People in earshot looked up and stared, but then went back about their business. 

Nat stood her up and placed her hands on the backrest of the bench so that she was hunched over. He pulled her dress all the way forward, ripping off her bra so that her breasts and pregnant belly swung free in the open air. He pulled off her wet panties and reached around to bring them in front of her face, which she resisted and then finally accepted into her mouth. Pulling his dick out of his fly, he stroked himself to hardness thinking about how taboo it was for him to be fucking this married, pregnant woman, how depraved she was to take a strangers cock in a public park, and just how sexy her tanned body was with all the pregnant curves and floppy tits. 

His cock reached full attention and he played with it against her clit and her opening, feeling just how ready this horny woman was to receive him. He let a little spit drip on to his cock and rubbed it in before slowly pushing into her opening. She squealed. He pushed further. About half way in, he reached forward to hold on to her large breasts as he kept pushing into her. She wiggled her ass back as well, and after some strain, he had inserted most of himself into her opening. He pulled it out slowly and then brought it back. Her vagina felt exquisite, gooey and slimy, but also having a different kind of warmth then he was used to. He pulled his hands back and held onto her pregnant belly as he began to pump faster. She grunted on each thrust. He kept it somewhat mild, not wanting to disturb the child's growth, but her still gave her a good fucking. 

When he was ready to cum, he instructed her to turn around and suck his dick. She did so, obediently, sitting back down on the bench, facing him, her tits totally exposed, hair disheveled with sweat on her forehead and temples. She first examined his massive cock, impressed, infatuated and hungry. He lined himself up in front of her mouth and she cautiously began to eat him. Her mouth swirled around the head of his cock, her tongue lashing this way and that as she sucked with her cheeks. He placed his hand on the back of her head and guided her head in towards his waist. It looked so soothing, so fulfilling for her to perform this task on him. He looked around as people would observe his huge endowment, stunned and then go about their day. The woman had become totally occupied, often pulling her throat off the dick to spit on it as she stroked with both hands. Then she'd resume sucking him at full force, clearly dedicated to Nat's oncoming orgasm. 
