 Twenty-Nine 

When Nat approached his apartment door (after entering his building from above not below), he smiled and prepared himself for a small harem of woman on the other side. It was about seven p.m. and he had set a dinner reservation for 8:30. That was plenty of time to wind down a little bit and then get changed, etcetera. He opened the door. As he walked in, he found two large, black duffel bags by his coat rack. He didn't see anyone in the kitchen or on the couch, in the living room. He took off his jacket, and then wandered back towards the bedroom. He thought he might lie down for a little and text Anika to see what was up. 

As he approached his bedroom, he passed by the bathroom and found that his good old friend, Jennifer, was there, inside. It was quite a sight. She was wearing a maid uniform, on her hands and knees, scrubbing on the bathroom tile. Her ass was up in the air and, once again, she wasn't wearing panties. To say this was like wet dream was an understatement. The short hem of the apron revealed her puffy pussy lips, which were clearly still raw from the office gangbang, earlier. She had cleaned herself off and was looking quite cute. 

"Jennifer?" said Nat with a confused tone. She turned around and quickly got to her feet. 

"Hey, Nat. Welcome home." Her cleavage was robust, her breasts being cinched together by the uniform. The short hem revealed her juicy thighs and her face looked super cute with her bangs showing, in front. 

Nat kind of wanted to ravage her but had to keep it together. "Whey are you cleaning the apartment? Did Anika arrange this?" 

"Yes. She's having me take care of some household duties to make up for my boarding. I'm gonna be staying with you guys now in the second bedroom." 

"I see. And where are Anika and Misha now?" Nat asked, taking on a more authoritative, boss-like tone. 

"They went to the beauty salon. They're planning to meet you at the restaurant at 8:30. I'm to stay here and finish my chores." 

"Oh, ok." Nat felt a little guilty and looked at her pityingly. 

"I'm more than happy to serve you Nat, in any way I can," said Jen. "Anika was super nice to me, and I really like Misha! You have such pretty girlfriends. You're really lucky...I'm just happy to be part of it." 

Nat was still a little uneasy about the hierarchical nature of the arrangement, but Jen seemed to be fine with it, so he just went with it. 

"Did Anthony drop off those duffel bags?" Nat asked. 

"Yes," said Jen. "He's making the second trip, now, and should be back within the half hour. 

Nat cringed. "Second trip. Holy shit." He spoke out loud, but Jen didn't really seem to react. In general, she didn't seem to realize what was in the bags. Perhaps Anika had made her oblivious in some way, using the program. 

Nat stared at Jen, lustfully, her breasts popping out of the white fringe at the top of her uniform. "When we get back from dinner, if you're still up, we might put you to work on some non-household related duties," he said with a wink. 

"It would be my pleasure, sir." she said, touching the side of her neck lightly with an awkward kind of excitement. 

"Feel free to order any food you desire, later. I need to use the shower in a minute." 

"OK. Thank you, Nat," she said. 

"Of course. I'm happy to have you in the mix, here." 

She blushed and then grabbed her cleaning supplies and scurried out of the bathroom. Nat went into his bedroom to undress and he found, hanging, a Bloomingdales garment bag in front of the closet and a card on the bed. 

He opened the blank white card to find a hand-written note. It said: 

Dear Daddy, 

Your two kittens are eager to play. We've been getting ready for you all day. I can't wait to sit on your lap and give you a kiss. Misha has a very big surprise for you as well. I took the liberty of buying you an outfit. No pressure to wear it, but I think it would be very handsome on you. See you very soon, my love. 

Alway wet, always waiting. Yours truly, 

Anika 

He went over to the garment bag to find a gorgeous, white linen dinner jacket. There was also a pair of black, Italian slacks and a Gucci, Egyptian cotton black crew-neck Tee. She had clearly spent a good amount of money on him, but it didn't matter. With a new eagerness and adrenaline. he quickly undressed and went to go shower. 

Thirty 

As Nat was getting ready to leave, he went over to the two duffel bags and opened one of them. His heart practically stopped, looking at the crazy amount of cash in the bag. Anthony, being the industrious worker that he was, had sorted the cash (mostly a hundred dollar bills) into stacks of what looked like a thousand a piece. From the looks of things, there must have been about 20K in this bag, alone. Apparently, Nat thought, there must be even more people with eligibly high enough salaries in the Fi-Di than he had realized. He grabbed two stacks of hundreds, unwrapped them and stuffed them in his wallet. 

As he was leaving he gave instructions to Jennifer to move the bags to his office, as well as the rest of the bags when they arrived. She moved across the room towards him as he spoke. 

"Anything else?" 

"Make sure to give Anthony a hundred-dollar tip for his troubles." 

"OK, anything else?" 

There was a hint of sadness and loneliness in her eyes. Nat tried to help in the only way he could think to. He took his hand and slid it under the bottom of her uniform, pushing it between her thighs until he found her cunt. She gasped and he felt it instantly grow moist. He started rubbing his palm forcefully against her clit as his fingers found the opening to her vagina. He jammed his index and middle finger up her pussy and started pressing hard against her G-spot as he continued to massage her clit with his palm. She moaned and whimpered. 

With his other hand he grabbed her large breast over her dress and squeezed and pinched on her nipple. He could hear that she was nearing orgasm and he went faster and harder with his hands. She yelled out, "Oh my God," but he didn't stop. He added a third finger into her pussy, and then a fourth. Alternating, he would slide his hand back to her asshole and push his wet fingers in, before taking them out and putting them back in her cunt. 

She seemed possessed by a demon, the pleasure and eroticism was so strong. 

"Cum now, you maid whore!" he said, deep into her ear, and she instantly complied, her whole body shaking as she screamed out. He pulled out his dripping hand and raised it up to her face, pushing it hard into her mouth. She sucked her juices off his finger as she moved her own hands down to play with her pussy. Nat grabbed on the top hem of her dress and pulled it below her tits and they bounced out. He squeezed them some more and told her, "I'll let you suck on it for two minutes, but you won't get any cum til later, after you finish your cleaning duties." 

She immediately dropped to her knees and carefully pulled his huge cock out of his fine, Italian slacks. She immediately and diligently opened her mouth wide to take in his cock head and he allowed it to get fully hard in her mouth. She let it slide down her throat and began pumping her face up and down. 

Nat thought, she was really getting the hang of this sex slave stuff. But, to be playful he watched the second hand on his watch and after exactly two minutes he pushed back on her forehead. 

"Good job, whore. We'll have to finish this later." He let his erection subside and zipped it back into his pants. He went to the kitchen to wash Jennifer's pussy and ass juices off his hands and then headed out the door. 

Thirty-One 

The restaurant Nat had made reservations at was an upscale, modern steakhouse right by the Hudson river in "South village". When he got there, they asked him to wait by the bar until his full party arrived, but he didn't feel like it. Instead he walked up to the hostess and covertly slipped her a hundred dollar bill, whispering, "Make sure we get taken care of this evening." 

She snapped into action right away. "Let me show you to your table. Is there a drink I can have the bartender make while you wait for your other guests?" 

"Sure," said Nat, "I'll have a Hendrix Negroni with a splash of soda and an orange twist." 

"Perfect," she said as she placed him at a slightly more secluded but sizable, round table with three evenly spaced chairs and three beautiful place settings. Then the hostess smiled and walked away. She was very attractive and modelesque. Nat noticed that she had an impressive derriere, though, and her legs were long and tanned with nicely-defined calves. 

As he waited for the girls, Nat pulled up his phone and made a couple adjustments to the ambiance. He made it so everyone in the restaurant would keep their conversations to a low whisper. He made it so that nobody would look in Nat and the girls' direction or listen to anything they said during their meal. He commanded the kitchen to give particular care to their meal and he had the manager set the lighting a tad bit more romantic than usual. He also brought up his profile and made it so he could eat as much food as he desired without feeling stuffed, and he would be able to drink a fair amount without getting too drunk. He applied these settings to Misha and Anika, as well. 

Having waited for almost fifteen minutes, he was beginning to get a little anxious and he was about to pull up his phone to start toying around with some innocent strangers, but at that moment he noticed the two girls entering the main dining room. He suddenly got chills running over his body. They both looked like they were out of a movie. Clearly they had visited a top-notch hair and make-up salon. Anika's hair was lightly curled and layered, her lips a bright red with dark eye-liner and one or two subtle body art features that sparkled off her face. She wore a red kimono-style dress with a deep V neck and tan, leather sandals with straps wrapping up her calves. 

Misha was wearing a skin-tight silver, sequin dress that barely went a couple inches past her crotch. She had straightened her hair and cut it a little shorter. She had on jade-green eye shadow and a dark rouge lipstick. On her feet she wore some matte black stiletto heals. 

All this, Nat took in on one or two glances, but what kept his attention was the fact that both women's breast seemed gigantic. He had no recollection of them being this big and he really couldn't put it all together. He knew push-up bras were a thing, but he didn't think they were this much of a thing. They both stared at him seductively and with beaming smiles as they approached the table. Many of the men had turned their heads to ogle the girls, but as soon as they neared the table everybody began to mind their own business. 

Nat stood up and went to greet them. As he got near, Anika spoke softly, asking him if he liked what he saw. He said, "Very much so." As he went to pull out their chairs for them, they each gave him a kiss on the cheek before taking their seats. He sat back down and immediately, their waitress, a somewhat masculine-seeming woman, came over to take their drink order. 

"I'll have a dirty martini," said Anika. 

"Very well," said the waitress. 

"And I'll have a glass of champagne," said Misha. 

"Would you like to see the wine list," asked the waitress, requesting a more specific order. 

Nat cut in. "Just bring her your finest glass." She nodded. "But I'll take a look at the wine list for later." The waitress handed him the list and then left. 

Nat continued to drink up the sight of these two gorgeous woman. He tried not to look at their breasts, but they were just so distracting. Finally Anika said something. 

"Do you like are new endowments, Nat? We got them for you. They're completely natural..." They giggled to each other, gayly. 

"I don't understand." said Nat. 

Anika continued. "I know now that that's a preference of yours, perhaps even an obsession. So I used the program to make these enhancements, because I knew you would approve. Mine are 32F." 

"And mine are 24EE," added Misha. 

Nat didn't really care about the numbers, but he was quite stunned and aroused. He didn't know how he felt about Anika's use of the program, but for now he would just go with it. When he probed deep down inside himself, he knew that he trusted both these girls tremendously. 

"So I guess this must be the surprise you were talking about in your letter, Anika," said Nat. 

Anika looked at Misha and laughed. "You mean Misha's surprise? No it's a much bigger surprise than this...you'll see." 

Nat was puzzled but tried not to think about it. "Well, you both look incredible. I'm so lucky to be here!" 

The girls swooned. "We're the lucky ones," said Misha. "I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be, or any other man I'd rather be with. I can't believe I spent all that time in D.C. doing mundane tasks, when I could have reconnected with you, sooner. Anika is the best roommate and friend and lover I could ever ask for. I love you guys so much! 

Anika and Nat were both touched. At that moment the waitress came over with the drinks. Nat cleared his throat and asked her to bring a dozen oysters of assorted variety. The waitress nodded and left. 

Anika picked up her glass. "Here's to love." 

"And the mission," added Nat. 

They all clinked glasses. 

"Enough of that mushy shit," said Nat. "Let's eat some food." 

Over the course of the next hour, they dined fabulously, ordering the most aged steaks, all the sides, mouth-watering desserts and rare wines and digestifs. The conversations ranged greatly. They talked about their childhoods and families. Misha told Anika all about the nerdy, horny teenager Nat used to be. Anika joked that it seemed to be a fair description of him now. 

The "three's a company" saying didn't hold up at all. None of them felt like a third wheel or that there was an overwhelming amount of talking over each other to be heard. Everything just gelled. Nat was able to forget how bonerific they both looked and see them more like old friends or family - trustworthy, comfortable, as if they knew him better then he knew himself. It was a warm, merry feeling. 

The trio sat back in their chairs. They had finished dessert and Nat was drinking an espresso. They were also sipping on some complimentary Amaro the manager had personally poured for them. 

"I don't think this is where our night ends," said Misha to Anika. 

"Yeah," agreed Anika, "I mean we're all done up and liquored up. I don't even feel that full after all we ate." 

"Yeah me neither," said Misha. "Can we go dancing, Nat?" 

Nat wasn't usually the dancing type, he made an expression of reluctance. 

"Come on," they said together. Anika grabbed his arm. "We'll make it super fun for you!" 

"Yeah", said Misha. "Wait, doesn't Pyramid Club do an 80's dance party on Mondays. I vaguely remember that from visiting my friend at NYU." She pulled out her phone to look it up and then her face lit up. "It's still happening! We're going!" 

Nat couldn't resist the women. Just to be safe, he pulled out his phone and used the program to make himself especially comfortable on the dance floor. He even gave himself a couple signature moves and a good sense of rhythm for dancing with a partner or two. They downed the amaro, Nat paid the check in cash and they walked out. 

Thirty-Two 

Anika ordered them an Uber to the Lower East Side. They got out in front of the club and they were obviously a spectacle. The neighborhood is like the intersection of flashy hipsters and the more casual yuppies. Leather jackets abound. People who think they're "hot shit" abound. Girls who spend way too much on their appearance love the LES. When Nat and his two goddess girlfriends stepped out of the cab, the men were drooling. The women were practically seething with jealousy both because they wanted to have Nat, but also because they wanted to look half as good as Anika and Misha. 

Nat walked the girls into the club, one on each arm. They paid the five dollar cover and descended into the dark and dingy nightspot. The classic 80's sounds were blaring. The walls were painted black with neon highlights. They stopped at the street-level bar to take a shot of tequila before heading down the stairs to the main dance floor. 

When they got down there, there were about ten or so other people. Some were dancing, some were lounging. Obviously, for a week day, you can't expect too much, but Nat didn't care anyway because he had everything he needed right next to him. The girls immediately broke away and started dancing with each other. To his surprise, the program command was working and he could feel the rhythm flowing through his body. For the first time in his life, he knew how to move and it wasn't awkward at all. 

As he acclimated to his new skills, he watched Anika and Misha as their hips swayed back and forth and their breasts heaved up and down. They both had a good amount of cleavage and their skin was perfect. They glowed with positivity and they were just fucking cool. He could feel the blood moving towards his penis, but he didn't let himself get fully erect, knowing it might be an encumbrance on the dance floor. 

The girls started giving him pouty looks, like they wanted him to come join them, so he did. Once on the dance floor, they immediately started rubbing on his body. Misha backed her rotund ass into his crotch and Anika leaned on his shoulder, pressing her breasts against his side. 

"I like our family," she said, leaning in to whisper in his ear. Misha grabbed his hands and placed them on her waist as she continued to grind against him. The friction from her body was lovely. Anika grabbed his face and turned it towards her to give him a wet kiss. He could feel her humongous breasts crushed against his arm as he kissed her back. He began to get into the music even further, finding his movements to be flawless and it was exhilarating. 

Anika moved around in front of Misha and kissed her deeply. Nat noticed the other clubgoers gawking. Misha pulled Anika in towards her chest so that Anika's legs were straddled over Misha's knee. Nat knew that Anika's cunt was probably quite wet as it rubbed against Misha's leg. Their boobs were pressed together as they continued to make out. 

Nat, feeling frisky, moved his hand around Misha's frontside to reach down and cop a feel on her pussy. She swatted his hand away. "Not yet, Sweety." She turned her body around and gave him a kiss and stroked the back of his hair as she pressed her breasts against his chest. "Let's have another shot!" 

Nat was past the point of good judgment so he nodded his head and the three of them flurried over to the bar. The bartender was a cute, goth chick with black hair and bangs. She had on a Ramones shirt tied above her belly button. She had a few artsy tattoos but nothing too over-the-top and she had a subtle face piercing on her cheek. She gave the girls a slightly-condescending once-over as they approached. 

"Three shots of Espolón, please," said the rowdy Misha. The bartender grabbed the tequila off the top shelf of the bar and started pouring the shots. "Actually, make it four," said Misha. You take one with us!" 

The bartender resisted at first but Misha egged her on until she finally agreed. Nat stood behind Misha, who continued to rub her ass on him as she paid for the drinks. By this time Nat was feeling really turned on. He allowed his dick to get harder and Misha felt it immediately. She leaned back and grabbed his neck to pull him in for a sloppy french kiss. 

"Hey big boy. Are you ready for your surprise now?" 

Nat was scared and excited. Misha whispered in Anika's ear and Anika giggled and gave her a reassuring nod. Misha grabbed Nat's hand and escorted him towards the bathroom. 
