 Hello from PhillippaT. This is my first ever erotic story, though it's far from being finished at this time. (07/03/09). I hope it meets with some approval, and to that end, I must thank Anna_Malia75 and Stella_Omega for their kind help and feedback. I've been working on this story for almost six months so far, and it seems to have taken over my life… Unfortunately, almost every night I seem to dream about more stuff I can add to the parts I've yet to write, and so just give myself more work to do in the future… I just hope I can get this story finished…

I also have to thank Nat for giving me the idea of writing a story in the first place, but I just wish it didn't have to take so long, and feel so much like hard work ;) I'm starting to realise, however, that it's time I started putting some effort in and get it done, so I'm posting it up on literotica now to try and give myself some impetus to do just that. 

Enjoy…

Foreword:

Hello and welcome, to all those that are reading my tale… I am Kathina Tryndal, a Swordswoman of Misiland, and have been asked by the King himself to store the record of my previous adventure on paper for his library, so that all who may wish to read and know the story of my recent exploits, or those who may find upon themselves a copy of this book later on in far future times, when the knowledge of it has since become one of legend, can acquaint themselves with the actual remembrance of what happened.

However, as this tale is for both a matter of record, as well as a true story with high entertainment value for the general public, I find myself trying and working extremely hard to fulfil the requirements of both. This means including plenty of descriptions of sexual activity and swordplay for the masses, and enough physical and thoughtful descriptions and explanations for the historical record, without letting either place the other in shadow. How successful I have been, even with the advice of scribe and storyteller, it is for the individual reader to determine.

I am afraid that since I am neither storyteller nor scribe myself, that the nature of my writing be coarse, and some, maybe even all, of my attempts to counter this may be met with failure. I am but a village girl at heart, and do not have the sophistication, education nor history of a city or rich castle dweller. If this should make some of my story hard to read, then for that I must apologise, but I cannot, and will not apologise for being who, and what, I am.

On the advice of the local storyteller, I find I must start the beginning of the first chapter with some sexual activity in order to entice the popular readership in, so to continue reading towards the end… For those who wish to read as a matter of record, I apologise for the general public's small span of attention.

I hope all will enjoy my tale, and will find whatever information contained within both useful and entertaining…

Love to all…

Kathina…

A Beginning:

I

At the beginning of my tale, I am merely Kathina Tryndal, trainee swordswoman for the village of Bymeatonsfield, a days' ride to the north-east of the city of Millton, and first daughter of the local clothmaker, Cyndila.

To let you know of exactly when this is taking place, (since our date system is based around the founding of our country and will probably be meaningless to all foreigners), it has been five years since the light of Farnon has been seen in the northern sky for the fifteenth recorded time, and was two months before the end of the dry season.

A short while previously, I had finally become a woman, thanks to the attentions of my mother one morning when she felt the time was appropriate. The fact that it was my mother who took my maidenhood, with a typical wooden dildo, was most certainly not unusual in Misiland, and if anything, it was almost a tradition by that point in time. Such a tradition was one of the reasons why villages such as ours were very close, in both blood and affection…

So it was on the day that I'm starting my tale, that my mother had arranged for me to visit with Waymin Kyrmon, Lenis the miller's son, and hopefully join in the rest of my sex in being with a man, making love, and bearing his child.

So, accordingly, I found myself knocking at the door to the southern side of the mill, which lay on the eastern side of the village, on the edge of the river Meaton from which our village takes it name, wearing little but my sword and belt as usual. I personally didn't, (and still don't), like wearing clothes, since I feel they get in they get in the way of my movement; such a vital thing for a swordswoman, (even a trainee), like myself, that being naked by comparison is insignificant. (Actually, since I so enjoy being without clothes anyway, I doubt being a swordswoman really makes much difference). Again, such a thing in villages around our country is very common – it's only some of the larger towns and cities that seem to take such a dim view of nudity, (for some strange, self-defeating and propagating reason).

Waymin himself answered, his mother having left a few minutes previously so as to give us some time alone overnight to carry out our, (hopefully pleasurable), exercise.

He was wearing little but a long brown robe, upon his tall and slender but well muscled frame. Few in our village had anything but heavy toil and hard living to look forward to in their life, and therefore had bodies to match, with both Waymin and myself being a good example. His dark brown eyes, above his large nose and short thin brown moustache, met mine as I looked up at him, his short dark brown hair blowing in the small breeze the open door let in from the east.

'Hi Kathina,' he said, in his young-mans voice, high enough to betray his youth, yet still deep enough to announce his physical readiness for what was about to happen, though it was shaking with the nervousness of anticipation, 'come on in. I've tidied up and made the bed, so everything's ready.'

'Ok,' I said as I stepped up into the building, my small five-foot-eight-inches but well-muscled body, just managing to squeeze past his on the way into the house attached to the mill. I myself, have short light brown hair and brown eyes, and an average but thin mouth. My nose and ears are my most distinguishing features, though, which I shall save telling about for later. My breasts are small, tipped with small pink nipples surrounded by small pink areolae. My arms are long, good for sword-fighting with extra reach, along with my hands and fingers, also good for gripping the large handles of big weapons. My body, though, was fairly short, atop big feet and long legs which met at the point of my short dark brown pubic hair, just below my belt, all of which was good for balance and movement, helping me become fit to be the best swordsman, or woman, in the village, (I thought and hoped).

It was my slim and tight ass, (well, ok, arse – I said it would be coarse, so I might as well live up to it…), though, that had caught Waymin's attention first as I entered his house, and he groped my slim right buttock generously with his warm left hand as I walked past, making me smile, but still not diminishing my own nervousness…

For nervous I was, and for good reason: unlike most of my sex, though similar to at least one other young woman in the village that I knew of at the time, I had never, ever, entertained the idea of being with a man for such an occasion. You see, although I was now a woman, and more than physically ready to take a role as a mother for a member, or members, of another generation of Misils, I had never, even for one second, thought about actually doing so. But here I now was, thanks to my mother's arrangement, standing before a man, naked, and expecting to make love to him within the hour, and probably again before morning, to hopefully produce his child.

I'm afraid that I just don't… like… men… (And boys are even worse – don't get me started!).

The funny thing, is that I know for certain that my mother actually knew all that. When you consider that I had a girlfriend, and had been dreaming about being with her for most of my life, and had made this point very obvious to anyone who asked, it was strange as to why all this effort had been made.

So I found myself standing there, in the centre of their large main room, with a fireplace to my right, a table and chairs behind me against the wall, and a couple of other chairs opposite along the wall behind the door, facing Waymin. As we stood there, with him looking at me from top to toe, though mainly staring between my legs, I was still wondering if there was any way I could actually go through with this, just so I wouldn't make my mother angry with me.

Sighing in surrender, I undid my belt, and turned round to lay it on the table behind me. As soon as I did so, I felt Waymin close in behind me, and put his arms round my waist. When he did that, I could feel his obvious erect cock pressing against my bottom. Well, at least one of us was aroused! (A pity it was the wrong one). He slid his hands up to feel my small breasts, which easily fit into each of his large hands. His hands were warm, and his touch was light and careful, trying to be loving, as no doubt his mother had taught him. Unfortunately for him, it was never going to be enough.

I then felt his mouth kiss my neck, and heard his nose take a large intake of breath.

'Mmmm,' he said to my neck, 'you smell lovely.'

'No shit!' was all I could think; considering the amount of time and effort my mother put into to scrubbing me up before hand, I'm surprised I had any skin left! And I dread to think how much scent she used on me either, (and when I say how much, I'm talking about monetary value, not the amount of liquid!) Which was also a reason why I was trying to force myself to go through with this – I didn't want to have to waste all that money for her, and already felt guilty just for thinking about cutting it short and going home.

By this time, his cock had made its way past the robe and was rubbing against my ass directly. I was almost becoming scared that he'd think about fucking my arse instead, which, again, didn't help with my anxiety! He then slipped his right hand down my body and between my legs, probably to see how aroused and ready I was, and try to help if I wasn't.

Unfortunately for him, I felt that his finger was far too rough, and my clitoris far too delicate.

'Ow,' I said, as he went a bit too far in his attempted stimulation, literally rubbing me the wrong way.

'I'm sorry,' he said to the back of my right ear, 'but you just turn me on so much. I've got to have you, I can't help myself.'

I was starting to cry now, knowing that no matter what I did, I was doomed to some sort of failure. I had to go through with it, but I couldn't – if I did, I didn't know how I would live with myself, let alone how much it was obviously going to hurt, but if I didn't, then I was going to let a number of people down, which I didn't want to do either…

When I felt his cock slip lower, as Waymin also did, sliding his cock between my legs, letting it rest outside of the entrance to my very dry cunt, I knew I was running out of time.

'No!' I shouted when I felt him pull back again, as if to re-aim his cock and try and enter me, 'stop!'

Thankfully, he did, holding himself away from by body for the time being, though still with his hands on my breasts as I bent over the table.

'What?' he asked, 'what's wrong? Don't you want it?'

'No!' I said, finally admitting to myself that I couldn't go through with this after all, 'I'm sorry Waymin, but I don't like you.'

'What did I do?' he asked.

'Nothing, it's not you. I'm sorry Waymin, but I don't like men.'

'Aww' he complained, 'but I like you so much.'

I turned round, and saw that he looked so sad after that, that I felt I really should try and help him a little – after all, it's not his fault that our mothers made this arrangement…

I looked down at him, and saw that his erection was still pointing at me, having lost none of its hardness, even after the last discussion.

'I suppose I could take care of that for you?' I asked, intending to suck him off instead.

Yes, I know - although I don't like boys, I've forever been chased by them, and have learned that after giving them a bad, (i.e. a bit painful – (too much teeth!)), blowjob, they usually left me alone. Obviously Waymin hadn't been one of them – (either that or he was so horny he didn't care).

'Ok' he said, obviously resigned to getting the best he could from the situation.

I knelt down in front of him and took his smooth average-size cock in my right hand, and held it before me. I started to run my hand up and down, wanking him off quickly before I thought about sucking him. Thankfully for me, and unfortunately for him, it was all that it took for him to cum; his thin white gooey liquid shooting in small spurts up out of his cock and onto my hair then dripped onto my hand…

Damn! I wish I'd realised he was so close, then I wouldn't have been caught up in such a mess! Now I was even more annoyed! I quickly got up and found a cloth to try and clean myself with, then grabbed my belt and ran out of the door, not even bothering to look at him I was so angry and desperate just to get away from it all…

As soon as I left the mill I quickly wandered down the inside of the wooden village wall, pretty much keeping out of sight as it slowly grew dark, wondering what to do and where to go next.

I knew I couldn't really go home, since I really didn't want to face my mother after what had happened - even though, deep down, I knew I really should - and likewise I knew I couldn't really go anywhere else either. Everyone knew I was supposed to be with Waymin tonight, and I had no doubt that he'd probably leave for the inn now that I'd left, and so everyone would find out what happened, (including my mother), rather quickly. In the end, I wandered down to my favourite place, (being glad it remained early enough so that the village gates were still open), which was about as surprising as the sunset, and ended up sleeping there instead. What was surprising, however, was that I lay there undisturbed all night long…

Although I was undisturbed, however, I actually found out when I awoke that I hadn't been totally alone, for there was another naked body next to mine – one warm, soft, feminine, and very familiar. After waking, I cuddled up behind her, and held her as close as I could, resting my head upon her shoulder as she still slept, for as long as I possibly could, before she too awoke…

II

My favourite place is a small patch of grass a few hundred feet south of my village, surrounded by, and on top of a large mound of rock on the western bank of the river after it runs past the village on its eastern side. The mill takes advantage of this and also forces the river to narrow, increasing its speed and power. The river widens immediately afterwards, slowing quickly as it flows past my favoured spot, though without losing any of the depth it also gains as it passes through the mill. Shortly before the mill, the river is wide, slow and shallow near the bank; ideal for bathing and washing, with a wooden grate built into the mill to avoid accidents.

Opposite the village and my hideaway, (which can only be seen from the top of the mill due to the rocks surrounding it and the village wall), is Meatonside forest – acres of the main hardwood tree found in our country that stretches up into the mist usually surrounding the peaks of the Randal mountains to the east.

My favourite place was great for getting away from the village and everything; to be by myself, if only for an hour or so every day. It was generally nice and cool, even when the sun was up high, due to the breeze that tended to blow either downstream or down from the mountains over the forest. The clouds were usually common and large enough to blot out the sun entirely, though, which I never minded too much since I'm not the type of girl who likes to get a tan, even in the middle of the dry season.

And right then, I really did want to get away from a lot of things, though mainly my mother, after what I'd done the evening before…

The grass was long enough with deep enough soil, to remain soft to sit and lie on comfortably for a long time, and also large enough to lay on it perpendicular to the water; to stretch out over it whilst looking up at the mountains beyond which I liked to do. I liked watching and listening to the birds circle over the trees as they looked for food or a place to rest or nest, listening to the branches of the trees in the wind as well as the sound of the water as it passed by below. I found it very peaceful and calming; it should be unsurprising why I liked it there so much.

The first time I had scaled the rocks and found this spot, I was only the age of twelve and had gone exploring in the morning one day, before getting punished afterwards for being out of sight. The place had been forbidden for children for as long as anyone could remember for numerous reasons, though the most dangerous is because the bank is very high and steep – if you should fall into the river, you would have little chance of getting back out. In fact, there were only a couple of places where it was possible to do so on either side of the river downstream, before it turned to the west half a days ride further on then headed downhill, in strong rocky rapids, eventually finding the city of Millton. A branch broke off shortly before then, known as the river Misil, taken from the capital city of our country, Misilton, which it finds a days' ride further to the south.

Since I became an adult, however, such forbidden danger had no real fear or attraction for me; it was its imagined remoteness that made it so appealing, (the southern road to Millton passed only 50 feet away, but the sound of both the road and the village was lessened by the wall of rocks surrounding the grass I liked to lay on). 

On most days, I would find myself lying there alone, around midday, before returning to the village for lunch, but it was now early morning instead, and I obviously had company…

The young woman, who lay next to me that day, was also no stranger to this piece of grass, though unfortunately we were rarely there together. Such times that we were, as then, even for the reason for which we happened to be there on that day, were still deeply treasured by both of us.

Her name was Alnia Jasmoor, the daughter of the local healer, Steylia. Like her mother, she was about five-foot seven or so inches tall and was fairly skinny, (since she rarely did any heavy work or even trained very often, unlike me), and also had long pale blond hair and pale blue eyes that I liked to get lost in as much as possible. I wish I had a nice long nose like hers, along with her large wide mouth that looked really good when she smiled, (which I tried to make happen as much as I could), but unfortunately for me, I don't…

Alnia and I were both born together - her mother and mine bearing us in the birthing pool simultaneously. Since then, she and I had shared a special bond; a love that was both unconditional and total. For some reason, however, our love had gone unconsummated.

III

Initially, though, as I lay there holding her, feeling her warmth and caressing her softness with my fingertips, I was still thinking about Waymin and what I'd done, or rather, hadn't done the night before.
