 An Evening With Alnia:

I

To say I was feeling very aroused and wet, as I quickly finished my stew, after watching both Alnia and her mother masturbate, is probably the biggest understatement of my life. Fortunately I still managed to take enough time to swallow it all properly, before Alnia grabbed my hand and led me upstairs to the bedroom, followed closely behind by Steylia. Closely enough to pinch and grab my bottom numerous times on the way up, too.

I'm glad we walked up though -- (not just that it gave her mum more time to touch me) -- since if I'd ran like I probably thought I would, I don't think my stomach would have liked it. The bedroom was quite large, filling the entire upper floor. There was one large double bed in the middle of the room, and a smaller, but still large, single bed to our left, under the front window, which I'd slept in before when staying over if there wasn't room for me in the main bed. There was a large wardrobe and some drawers on the opposite side of the room, flanking the window at the rear of the house, with a table and chair behind us, on the floor covering the bottom of the stairs.

Alnia led me straight to the large bed, lay down on it on her back, and dragged me down next to her. I lifted my legs onto the bed, and lay on my side looking at her, knowing that I probably shouldn't do anything too athletic until the food had settled. (A lesson I've unfortunately had to learn the hard way, numerous times). Alnia seemed to understand and we just lay there for a while, looking at each other, with occasional kisses and touching each other -- running our hands over each others sides, our arms and hips, though staying away from each others breasts and nipples - waiting until we were ready to begin.

'Hmmm, you're so pretty,' she told me as I lay there thinking exactly the same thing about her.

'No I'm not,' I replied, automatically thinking the worst about my body, 'I'm ugly; my ears stick out too much, my nose is too small' -- (I have one of these little 'button noses' and I hate it -- I, (and lots of other people, especially the boys), think it makes me look like a pig!) - 'my arms are too long, my hands and feet are too big and my breasts are too small… How on earth can I be pretty?' (About the only things I could say I liked about myself was that I wasn't really fat or too thin, and I thought my legs were ok).

'Aww,' she said, 'I like your ears -- they're like little love handles on your head.'

She gave a short chuckle as she lifted her left hand up to caress my right ear, cupping it and stoking behind it…

Oh, WOW! It was like there was a direct link between the back of my ear and my pussy! How on earth did my body get wired up like that, and why hadn't I noticed it before!?

'Oooh,' I said as my body shivered with the nice sensations coursing through it, straight between my legs, and rolled over onto my back, opening my legs for her, which also freed my left ear up for her to stroke too - which she did, leaning over me to look me right in the face as she did so, grinning madly, looking me in the eyes, sharing in my pleasure, whilst alternating the strokes on each ear, and driving me crazy!

'Oh FUCK!!' I screamed as both of her hands stroking my ears was enough to make me really cum; the massive sensations running through my body were immense, making me thrust my hips thrust high into the air as I shook pretty violently, having a big orgasm -- (far bigger than I'd expected from having my ears stroked!) - until I fell back down, bouncing slightly on the softly cushioned bed, breathing heavily, fairly exhausted, and grinning madly at Alnia, who leaned over me and grinned back.

I realised then that she'd started to cry and she lowered then rested her head on my breast, looking up at me.

'You're so special…' she said, softly, 'and I love you so much… I'm so lucky…'

'Aww,' I said, starting to cry too, as I lifted my right hand up to stroke her hair, 'not as lucky as I am.'

I slid my arms round her head, and cuddled her into my breast, before glancing over at her mother. She was lying on her side watching us, smiling broadly, with one hand on her breast, and another between her legs, moving slowly.

'You enjoying yourself?' I asked her.

'Of course I am,' she replied, 'but I think its Alnia's turn now.'

'Ok,' I said, looking back down at her, already thinking about what I could do to repay the pleasure she'd given me.

II

Alnia looked so happy and peaceful lying on my breast, I didn't really want to move her, but asked anyway, 'what do you want to do?'

'Hmm,' she said, eventually, thinking, 'I want you to really fuck me. Use one of mum's big dildos and make me a woman -- take my maidenhood just like you should.'

'You're still a virgin?' I asked without thinking. Of course she was -- she told me earlier, duh!

She giggled, 'of course I am stupid, just like I said. I want you to take me, right now. Make me all yours, just like I should be. Please? Fuck me nice and hard. Give it to me. I know you want to…'

She winked at me then rolled over onto her back next to me again, and opened and lifted her legs. Her mother got up and reached over beside the bed, before holding up a fairly large wooden dildo before me, attached to a leather belt/harness.

'There you go,' Steylia said, 'fuck her nice and hard with that, but make sure she's nice and wet first -- we don't want to hurt her any more than we have to, okay?'

'Okay,' I took the dildo from her, then raised my legs up to slide it over my feet and further up my legs until it was hanging in front of my pubic hair.

'Tighten it up here,' Steylia said, pointing to the studs and holes on the right hand side.

'I know,' I replied, 'I've used one before!'

'Hmm, course you have,' she replied, then grinned, 'I just wish you'd use one on me, though!'

'I'm sorry,' I apologised, 'but I think its Alnia's turn first!'

'Of course it is, now make sure it's nice and tight.'

I did as she said, then knelt up on the bed, looking down and the wooden cock slowly bouncing before me. I reached down and felt it, feeling its smooth hardness as my fingers slid up and down, as though I was a boy trying to masturbate. I kind of wished I was a boy, and I could feel my hands on the cock, along with the associated pleasure, but then I like being a woman, and I wouldn't like to give that up… I looked over at Alnia, at her blonde hair spread on the pillow, over and up, away from her head, and smiled at her. I thought she looked even more beautiful then ever…

'Get on with it then,' she pleaded, 'I'm so fucking wet again, at this rate I'll cum before we start!'

'Already?' I asked her, amazed that she would be ready again so soon.

'Hell yes, I've only had one orgasm this afternoon, and I want at least one more… Now fuck me and make me cum!'

'Go on,' her mother urged me from my right, as she lay back down on the bed, replacing her hand between her legs, 'get on with it.'

Just as I moved round between Alnia's legs, and looked down at her perfect pink, wet and open pussy looking up at me, though, Steylia told me to stop, before getting up and throwing another piece of cloth at me from the other side of the room.

'Put that underneath her bum, just in case she bleeds a lot,' she said, before lying back on the small single bed as before.

I did as she suggested then looked back up at Alnia's face, making sure she was ready. I could tell she was just a nervous as I was about this, even though I'd made love to my mum a lot of times, with such a dildo or without. I'd never taken anyone's virginity before, though, and all I knew was how much it had hurt me when my mother took mine, though the pain certainly didn't last long - I hoped it would be the same for her…

I shuffled up to her and angled the wooden cock down to the entrance of her pretty little pink cunt, with her hood and clitoris protruding out above, before looking up at her again. I felt I could just kneel there and stare at her all night, she was so beautiful.

'For fucks sake!' she cried 'just fuck me with it already!'

I leaned forward onto my hands either side of her body and pushed my legs straight behind me, making sure the dildo was still pointing into her hole. Then I looked at her face, straight into her eyes, as I rammed my hips and lower body down hard with a quick grunt, forcing the pretend-cock deep into her womb, destroying her hymen with the quick hard thrust inside.

Her body arched as her hands reached up to grab the railings on the headboard and she screamed in both pleasure and pain, her eyes screwed shut as she threw her head back. I waited for her to calm down, leaving the wooden cock deep inside her, and my body hovering above hers, leaning on my hands and arms, not moving again until she was ready. She slowly sank back down, her big blue eyes opening again and looking down to rest on mine.

'Go on then,' she said 'fuck me…'

I lifted my hips up, pulling the dildo almost out of her completely, looking down to make sure it was still aimed correctly, then looked back up at her again, before ramming it inside her hard again once more.

'AAAH-OOH!' she groaned loudly as I thrust it in as far as it could go. 'Deeper!' she continued as I slowly withdrew it again.

'Deeper?' I said, confused, 'how on earth am I supposed to do that?'

'I don't care! I want it so deep it hits my bottom!'

I thought about it, then used my right arm to get under her left leg and lift it higher, before doing the same with my left, leaving her bent upwards, resting her legs under and round my shoulders.

'Is that better?' I asked her

'Fuck yes!' she said 'fuck me just like that!'

I had to reach down again, and make sure the dildo was back in position, before looking back up and ramming it down and forward inside her again.

'AAAAH FUCK!!!' she screamed as our pubic hair met, the dildo going in as far as it could 'YES!!! MORE!!!!'

'You like that?' I asked, smiling at her, staring at her face which was looking back at me in absolute joy.

'Fuck YES!!!' She replied on the next thrust.

'Good! I want to make you scream, bitch!!' I cried with the next big thrust downwards. Oh my Lord, where did that come from? I have no idea why I swore at her, why I insulted her so, as I continued pumping into her as hard as I could, my body on automatic, making her scream loudly with each giant thrust… Unfortunately, though, after the afternoon of practice, and my own orgasm earlier, my energy couldn't last for long enough, and I soon collapsed on top of her, letting her legs fall back down around me, my head falling next to hers on the pillow before I rolled off her, pulling the dildo out of her as I moved.

'AWW,' she complained loudly 'I'm almost there.' She pouted her bottom lip, 'I was fucking loving it too…'

'I'm… so… sorry…' I said, trying to get my breath back, starting to weep in sorrow both at her plight, and at my shame of insulting her, even in the midst of the pleasure I obviously gave her, 'I'm… fucking… knackered…'

Thankfully Steylia took over, getting up and moving round to Alnia's side of the bed, before shoving her left hand between Alnia's legs, and her fingers inside her…

'Oh WOW!' screamed Alnia, as her mother obviously found her special part inside, now that her maidenhood had been taken, 'FUCK!!!!'

It really didn't take long for her to orgasm with a massive scream that almost deafened me.

'Thank… you… mum…' she panted afterwards, 'that…was…fucking…awesome…'

She looked down at her body, then reached down with her hand, and rubbed the front of her abdomen, over her pubic hair, slowly. She was obviously thinking about the special part and place inside herself that her mother had shown her. I was feeling slightly jealous that I didn't do that for her myself, but I knew I should be grateful instead for the opportunity she gave me to take her virginity instead…

She then turned to face me and reached up to stroke my face, 'you were good too, thank you so much.' She leaned over and kissed me, saying, 'I love you,' after.

'I love you too,' I replied, though I still felt the shame of my insult, before I snuggled up to her. I lay my head on her shoulder, holding her with my right arm wrapped around, trying to console myself, before finally falling asleep.

Nightwatch:

I

It seemed like I'd only just got to sleep, though I'm sure I must have been dreaming about something, when Steylia was shaking me awake.

'Time for guard duty,' she spoke into my ear, before going back to the other bed to sleep again. I wished I could do the same, but as she said, it's time for work.

I slowly extracted my arm which still lay round Alnia, then slowly moved off the bed and stood up, careful not wake her, which thankfully, I didn't.

I checked the time on the (time)-candle Steylia had lit yesterday, on the table, and realised I didn't have much left. After finally taking the dildo off that I still wore from earlier, I quickly but carefully trod down the stairs, missing the spots I knew that made the most noise, before grabbing my sword on the way out.

I jogged back to my house on the western road in the village and quietly unlocked and opened the front door so as not to wake my mother. I grabbed my heavy leather armour hanging just inside the door on the wall, and after leaning my sword against the wall underneath, put it on as quickly as I could, which was never easy in the dark, even though I knew exactly what to do. After I had done so, I fastened the sword-belt back around my waist, and trotted off to the north gate to start my guard shift, locking the door again on my way out.

I met the current guard captain, Stannon, by the north gate and relieved him. He was an old veteran from Faybridge, who'd lost half an arm to an Orc axe when defending against an Orc raid on the front line up at the border, and one of the five paid members of the militia, similar to me, though the other four don't get paid as much since they're only expected to train part-time. A lot of people like him make up village militia like ours -- those who can still hold a sword, run and fight, just not well enough to survive on the front line.

Since he was the most seasoned warrior in the village, he captained one of the three guard shifts, in his case, the afternoon/evening shift, which generally had the weaker volunteers, (mainly women halberd users like my mum and Steylia, though Alnia sometimes covered this shift too), since the night shift will also generally be available at this time for emergencies -- (i.e. not asleep in bed, assuming they don't have a nap like me - oops). I was the best fighter so I captained the most dangerous overnight guard shift with one other paid member and the better volunteers. The morning shift was taken by the next-best student, who happened to be Nepin, along with the last paid member and the average volunteers.

I climbed up the stairs to the walkway attached within the village wall. It also covers the rear of the gates once shut, enabling us to walk the whole way round the village wall, including a walkway around the mill, at night. The area surrounding the village is illuminated by angled torches on the outside of the village wall below the top to keep them out of our direct sight and preserve our night vision, but high enough to reach and light from the inside, which is done shortly before nightfall.

Since I was the guard captain at night, I mainly covered the northern half of the village, since that's the direction from which the Orcs are expected to attack. Each guard, (including me) only spends a short time in each position though, before cycling round to the left, to make sure we don't get bored, weary and/or careless just looking at the same patch of scenery all the time.

Tonight it was dark, with thin wispy clouds blocking the moonlight most of the time, limiting the distance we could see. I could just make out the bridge to the north, across the small river Meatonbrook, which branches off the Meaton and heads west-north-west. Beyond the bridge I could make out the tiny flickering torches further in the distance that belonged to the village of Meatonfork, (yes, I know -- well I think it's funny…) - which was even smaller than Bymeatonsfield. We all knew that if Orcs attacked then Meatonfork should hopefully give us some warning since it guards the small but increasingly important bridge on the road through the mountains. Although Meatonfork was small, with very little industry supporting it, it still had a fair number of guards defending it because of its important position.

Thankfully tonight seemed to be pretty normal, with not much going on. I could hear plenty of noise at the inn, which was unsurprising since they are well known for their daily late-night orgies that I mentioned before. I would have liked to have gone at least once myself, but it wasn't going to happen while I had this guard shift. Still, I'd be the biggest liar in Misiland if I said the noises from the inn didn't arouse me, both sexually and with envy, as they always did. I managed to resist looking round at the inn, though, and just smiled at the scenery whilst listening to the noises from behind.

I continued thinking about what I'd called Alnia earlier. Part of me considered it very wrong to insult anybody like that, my mother having told me off and chastised me every time for doing so before, the last time being when my sister and I had a brief fight over who should accompany my mother when she took a trip to Millton, a few years ago. (Only one of us ever travels with her on such trips, and it was my turn to go, but Teela wanted to go in my place, and wasn't letting me go anywhere before I agreed). It ended in violence unfortunately, with me pulling her hair and calling her a bitch, just as mother walked in. Of course, because I was the one who was caught, (even though Teela had kicked and hit me before then), I was the one who was punished and didn't get to go because of it. Typical.

There was another part of me, though, buried far deeper inside, that I felt was the problem, as it was the part which caused me to insult her in the first place. Ever since I'd started my sword-fighting lessons, I'd innately understood that I'd need to keep this part of me under very tight control, and subconsciously sought to bury it deeper every year. Trying to think about it all then seemed to take a lot of effort, though, and brought the same old fear as ever -- I was very afraid to let this part of me surface, since I knew, deep down, that if I ever did, I'd only end up hurting someone. I really didn't think I could control it yet -- my anger, fear, pride, envy -- all the ingredients that when combined with my fighting skill, I knew would be very explosive and dangerous to all those surrounding me, so I kept it well hidden.

And now Alnia seemed to be doing her best to make it all surface… And I was afraid. I was afraid because I ENJOYED it. Yes, I liked it! I admit it too - (at least to myself). I liked calling her a bitch yesterday as I fucked her -- and I wanted to do it again! I wanted to walk in there and grab her and fuck her, as hard as I could, make her scream with pleasure while insulting her and forcing her to do whatever I wished! Yes, I wanted to use her as my sex-slave. And I knew, deep down, that it's what she wanted too -- her recent actions had merely confirmed what I'd always suspected.

And yet I was afraid, ashamed and embarrassed. I couldn't do it. I couldn't hurt her, even if she wanted me to. So I stood there, with all these thoughts running round my head, but not really listening to them, trying to ignore them as best as I could as I stared out into the darkness and shadows.
