 A Morning Of Confusion:

I

I walked the short trip from my house on the western road to Middlestone town, (which is half-a-days ride away west and slightly north of the village), across to Alnia's on the other side of the hall, on the road across to the mill. The inn, over on my left opposite Alnia's, was not quite 'open' this early yet, though it never shuts fully – if you've got any money to spend Jemila will be happy to oblige you and relieve you of it, regardless of the time of day or year.

You'll probably find it surprising that the inn hadn't got a name yet – (Bymeatonsfield Inn doesn't count!) – but that's only because Jemila couldn't decide which one to use… Everyone in the village had their own suggestions of course, The Naked Lady being the main suggestion that kept re-surfacing, but Jemila had already said she didn't like that one, so… (I liked The Naked Lady of Bymeatonsfield (Inn) myself, but my opinion wasn't the one that mattered at that time, unfortunately).

I walked up to Alnia's and knocked on the door, knowing that it would still be locked at this time. It shortly opened to Alnia's smiling face, as she moved aside to let me walk in, pinching my bum as I walked past her into the hallway. As I took off my sword, I turned to look at her as she closed the door, then she walked round me and stood facing me at the bottom of the stairs, staring at me as I hung my sword up on a nail on the wall by the door.

When I turned and stared back at her, all of sudden many thoughts ran through my head; of grabbing her hair, of picking her up and throwing her on the floor before me, of slapping her face, then finally of giving her the hardest and roughest fuck I could imagine…

And she grinned at me, almost as if she could tell exactly what I was thinking, and I knew my body had betrayed me, growing aroused at the nasty thoughts running through my head, my nipples growing stiff and my cunt moist. And then I was ashamed again, as my conscious thought caught up with the other - ashamed and afraid…

I ran. I threw the door open and ran out the house, round the corner and down the Millton road, eventually reaching the rocks surrounding and creating my favourite place, and I slumped down next to them, crying in shame after what I'd thought about doing to Alnia.

While I was kneeling there, eventually more thoughts entered my head, of things Teacher Paynor had said, my mother, Steylia, even my sister. And I became confused again. It was almost like my brain was trying to tell me something, but I couldn't make it out, it was all too confusing, too jumbled up; the only message I seemed to get from it, was that all my problems seemed to be related in some way, but how and in exactly what way I couldn't tell.

I gave up, lay down, and fell asleep then and there.

II

I awoke with some highly sexual thoughts fading in my head, and although I tried vainly to remember them, and figure out what they were, I couldn't. Eventually I opened my eyes, and found myself facing the rocks, lying on the soft grass on my side, with a wet hand between my legs. I'd obviously been frigging myself silly. I felt a touch on my back with a shock as I moved my hand away.

'Did you enjoy yourself?' it was my mother's voice, and I relaxed, and rolled over to face her. She was lying there, also naked, with a hand between her legs.

'I don't know,' I said, unable to remember any of my thoughts from before 'are you enjoying yourself?'

'Yep, I enjoyed it too,' she replied, then also removed her right hand from between her legs, and caressed my left leg with it, smearing her clear fluid across. 'You shouldn't be afraid you know…'

I was surprised, and wondered how she knew exactly what was happening with me, and said so.

'Oh, darling,' she said, lifting her hand up to caress my face, which still smelt of her sweet and tangy juices, 'we all know what your problem is. We've been trying to help you with it, and Alnia thought she'd be the best person to do so.'

'What?' I said, not quite believing what I was hearing.

'I was hoping that maybe trying to arrange for you to be with someone else might help force the issue somewhat, but it seems it didn't help quite as much as I'd hoped. You're too afraid, darling - you always have been – but now you're too timid and too modest as well. You're just too… There's a word I'm looking for but can't find… Too… Nope, I can't think of it. Sorry.'

'I'm sorry,' I said, and then I started to cry, and couldn't stop, as my mother hugged me and drew my head down to her breast. I was still as confused as I'd ever been, but was in some way happy that my problem wasn't quite my own anymore – that I had other people to help me, as though I'd never realised it before.

'It's ok,' she whispered, as she gently stoked my hair, 'it's ok…'

Eventually I stopped crying, and she kissed my forehead. 'I love you,' she said, then I looked up at her, and we kissed, solidly and passionately, our tongues meeting and entwining, exploring each others familiar mouths, as she rolled over on top of me.

'I love you too,' I said as soon as we took a break from our kiss.

'Let me make love to you,' she whispered in my ear, before moving her hands down my chest to caress and fondle my breasts, squeezing and pinching the nipples, before moving her mouth down there too. My hands moved to wrap around her head, and she licked and sucked and even bit my nipples as I groaned and writhed in the pleasure she gave. I love her so much!

I may have been masturbating earlier, but from my feeling now, I don't think I managed to finish. It seemed that every little touch she made on my body with her hands or her lips and tongue gave me little stabs of pleasure, which slowly spread throughout my body, and which occasionally turned into little orgasms. It was absolutely wonderful – my mother knew how to make me happier than anyone else I knew at the time - maybe even more than Alnia… Probably.

I opened my eyes, without even realising I'd closed them, and looked up. Over and beyond my mothers head as she still sucked my right nipple, sending small waves of sensual pleasure through my body, I saw a man leaning back against the rocks. He was tall and slim with black hair and a small nose, watching us, naked from the waist down and masturbating, slowly rubbing his fairly long erect cock sticking out in front of him from the bushy black pubic hair on his abdomen; up and down its length his hand moved, as his balls danced around underneath. Good! I wanted him to watch; I wanted him to cum all over, watch his spunk fly out of his cock on onto us, and hear him groan with pleasure as he came over me and my mother.

I'm sure mum knew he was there, as I noticed her widen her open legs, letting him look at her wet pussy. At that moment I was jealous of him, wishing I could see it too, that I could pleasure it for her, rub her clitoris, and slide my fingers inside her as I'd done many times before. Then I realised someone else had noticed us, or the man watching us more likely, and slid past him, and up next to the large wooden frame on top of stone foundations on the right, that had yet to be turned into a house.

I thought she was really pretty; she had long black hair and dark skin, wearing a thin off-white robe that looked very expensive, and wore a large ring on her right hand, that also looked just as valuable. Her long face and big green eyes, with small lips and short nose was fairly attractive to me, but I still thought Steylia, aswell as Alnia, had her beaten in that regard. She stood there, looking at my mother and I, then slowly slid her robe up to her waist, showing her large black triangle of pubic hair above her long white legs, and also shrugged it from her shoulders until it slid down, showing her small but beautiful white breasts with bright pink nipples, and bunched around her waist.

The woman lifted her left leg up, letting me see her pink lips protruding from under her short hairy mound, and slid her left hand across to her right breast, caressing it and squeezing her nipple. She then slid her right hand between her legs, rubbing her clitoris and the rest of her labia with her index finger, whilst gazing at my mother's wide open cunt that was on display for her.

My mother looked round and saw the woman there, then grinned at both of us, as she moved to my left, straddling my left leg, before reaching down between my legs with her right hand, to rub my clitoris too, that was now also on display.

I watched the man, still slowly masturbating, as the waves of pleasure began to flow from between my legs; watching him trying to decide who to look at, maybe also trying to decide if he could join with any of us and fuck someone, rather than just jerk himself off. I thought he'd be better off with the black haired woman than my mother and I.

'Go on then', I told him, 'take her. Rap, I mean fuck her!'

Oh my Lord, I did it again! I practically told him to rape her! What was I thinking?? What on earth was wrong with me? I couldn't believe I just did that - I felt like I just wanted the ground to open up and bury me!

Whilst I was thinking that, however, the man had stepped over to the woman, and kissed her, forcing her back on the timber frame behind her, then lifted her legs up round his waist and lowered her onto his cock, before fucking her hard and fast like I told him to. I couldn't help but become even more aroused from watching this, and my mother noticed, and slid her fingers inside my open twat, fucking me in time with the couple in front of us.

The woman turned her head and looked at me as I groaned when she did, and we stared at each other, urging each other on, wanting the other to feel as much pleasure as possible.

Soon the man had had enough of that position and was getting tired, so the woman turned round and told him to fuck her in the ass. He grabbed his cock, aimed it and slid it inside her ass with a quick thrust, making her groan loudly, before reaching round for her breasts and lifting her almost vertical and pushing her against the wooden frame. I thought it looked and sounded so naughty – I'd never been fucked like that before, and never really wanted to either. I could tell they were both enjoying it, though, and I quickly had to close my eyes as the pleasure my mother was giving me became too great – the waves of pleasure tingling through my body was just too much at that time.

I opened my eyes briefly, when the man said he was about to cum, and watched as he did so, with a big thrust into the woman's ripe round bum. I closed my eyes quickly after that moment, though, because I was about to cum myself, before finally doing so, almost overwhelmed by the amount of pleasure flowing through me, and I writhed there on the grass underneath my mother, and let out a long groan as the pleasure vibrated along my body. Eventually it faded, leaving a nice wonderful afterglow, as I opened my eyes again, and found the woman lying on the grass next to me, on my right.

'Hope that was a good one,' she said, smiling broadly.

'Of course it was,' I said, before my thoughts came rushing back, and I felt ashamed again, 'I'm sorry for what I said, though, I didn't really mean it, it just, well, came out…'

'Hey,' she said, reaching up to stroke my hair, 'it's not rape if I say yes, okay? Hmm, I like your hair, it's short but very silky. I wish mine was like that.'

I reached up and stroked her hair too – it felt very rough and course, and obviously needed a wash. Next thing I knew, she'd grabbed as much hair of mine as she could on the back of my head, and pulled my head to hers, forcing my lips onto hers, kissing her, which surprised me, to say the least!

I felt my mother roll off of me completely, and then the woman grabbed my left hand, and forced it between her legs, before pulling my head back away from her face a little.

'Fuck me,' she spat at me, 'make me fucking cum'

I slid my fingers inside her, and rubbed her clit with my thumb, as she forced my mouth back onto hers, and fucked her as best as I could, occasionally helped by her hand on my wrist trying to get me to fuck her harder. Thankfully it didn't take long before she yanked my head back, away, and cried out in orgasm, bending her head back to scream into the sky. Eventually, she looked back over at me, and released my hair, stroking it.

'Thank you,' she said, 'I needed that'

Then she got back up and walked, well - waddled, off round the rocks, hidden from view. I didn't know what to say afterwards - I was stunned, and just as confused as before.

I lay there thinking for a short while, watching the black-haired woman ride by on a small cart before us into the village, until I heard a chuckle from my mum. I looked round, frowning, wondering why she found it so funny, and as soon as I did, she started to laugh.

'What's so funny?' I asked her.

'You,' she replied, 'you looked so shocked it's ridiculous. Did you enjoy it though?'

I looked down, trying to think as to whether or not I did. It didn't take long to realise I actually hated it. I told my mother that too, which just made her laugh even more.

'You really don't get it, do you?' she chuckled.

'Get what?' I demanded, I wanted someone to tell me what the hell was going on, already!

She broke out in the biggest laugh I've ever seen her make after that, and it took quite a long time for her to stop. Quite a few people stopped and stared, before walking on, wondering what was so amusing.

'Oh dear me,' she said, after she finally calmed down, 'you're supposed to be a swordsman, or woman rather, but without a sword you're just hopeless. It's funny!'

I didn't know what to say to that. I still didn't really get it.

'I dunno,' she sighed, 'maybe one of these days you'll finally understand, but it doesn't look like it's going to be today.'

She stood up and held her arms out for me 'come here.'

I stood up and stepped across and hugged her like she wanted. I still felt so confused, but since I hadn't a clue what to do, I just hugged her and stayed silent.

'Still,' my mother continued, whispering in my ear 'I must have the best confused trainee swordsman, or woman, in the country.'

It still made me feel a little better, though didn't help clear my mind at all. I just couldn't quite see what the problem, or the solution to it, was – it was all there, in my head, amongst all the mist and confusion, somewhere, if only I could find it, could see it in front of me. Then I'd be the best non-confused trainee swordswoman in the country… Well, I hoped… I sighed into my Mum's neck as I kissed it, and hugged her tightly.

III

My mother and I slowly walked back home, hand-in-hand but it didn't help me much. My mind was completely elsewhere at this time. The closer we got the centre, and therefore Alnia's house, the sadder I became. As we got the corner next to her house, I started to cry.

My mother stopped us and turned in front of me.

'Hey,' she said, 'what are you crying for now?'

'I love Alnia so much, but…' I started but became lost for words, not sure how to tell what had happened and how to deal with it, 'but… I…'

'It's ok,' she said, stroking my head again, 'we can leave that for later. Lets go home and get some lunch, okay?'

'Well, I… Er… Better get my sword back from them first I think… Wouldn't want to go to my practice and lesson without it, would I?' I said, but it showed in my face (I hoped) that I didn't really want to see Alnia and get the sword for myself. Thankfully my mother understood and went and knocked on their door, and asked Steylia for it, which didn't take long.

I strapped my sword back on whilst I walked back to the house.

'So,' my mum said, 'you should feel better now you've got your sword back on?'

'Nope, sorry,' I replied, 'doesn't work that way.'

'Aww, oh well, there goes that idea,' she ruffled my hair as we approached the door. She unlocked it ahead of me, and dragged me through into the dining room/kitchen after I took my sword off, then told me to sit down.

I sat down where she told me to, then watched her as she made lunch for us; some ham and cheese salad sandwiches which I quite like. After she sat down opposite, I suddenly had the urge to ask her a question that was so completely unrelated to anything I was thinking of, just to change the subject and maybe also try and change things in my head a little. It took all four of my sandwiches to finally think of something worth asking about; it became one of those moments when all of a sudden I had the urge to ask one of those little questions I've wanted to know the answer to for a long time, but never got round to asking – (if you know what I mean?).

'Mum?' I asked, making her look up at me, to find out what I wanted to know.

'Yes?'

'Where did we get the name Tryndal from? Why are we called that?' As I said, I've been meaning to ask this question for years, just for some reason I never really got round to it…

'As far as I know,' she explained, clearly happy just to talk to me, 'the Tryndal name comes from a hill just outside of Evendale to the north-east, Tryndal hill, upon which someone thought to start a village, Tryndaltop. Now, whether or not the name for the family comes from the hill, or the hill was named for the family I couldn't say, all I know is that my great-grandmother came from there, and ended up stopping, then settling here, after selling all her cloth on the way to Millton, and realising there was a need for it in this location.'

'Ok,' well, I guess now I knew, 'good business sense I guess.'

'Exactly. Just like me' she paused, grinning 'not too sure about you though, I guess I should be glad I've got Teela to teach instead. It would be a shame to leave the village without a clothmaker called Tryndal. I mean, you can see how bad it is without a smithy, let alone a knowledge-teacher! Imagine if there wasn't a clothmaker too!'

'Hmm.'

I guess I need to point out that family names, if kept, (a lot of people choose to change their names, mainly if they move a long way, and lose contact with their relatives), are passed down through the female side of the family, not the male. It should be pretty obvious why - I mean, imagine having 3 children from three different men, and having to call them all completely different names? It wouldn't work, would it? Exactly! Well, okay, I guess it is fairly obvious when most people don't get married, (only really rich people and royalty get married in our country, not lowly peasants like us, which is why I'm bothering to explain in case you're rich and/or royalty and don't understand).

If a man should choose to stay and live with a woman and/or his own children, then it is entirely up to him if he wishes to change his name or not. He is not really expected to have sex with his own children once old enough, though having sex with anyone else whether he lives with them or not certainly is, and likewise for the woman he lives with. 

Having said that, incestuous relationships, (even those with the opposite sex), are still not really taboo. Any children produced from an incestuous relationship however, will be expected to be looked after fully and not shunned – we need more people too badly to turn anyone away, regardless of background, so we'd rather have a small amount of inbred people than none at all. Just how badly, though, I didn't know or realise at that time…

'Anyway, shouldn't you be getting along to practice now?' my Mother asked, slowly getting out of her chair to walk into the other room, where her loom and other clothmaking stuff is kept.
