 This is a story I am writing over on chyoa. It is a dumb story full of sex; hope you enjoy.

*

Staring down at the screen, it beckoned the attention of its counterparts. Another half-born had appeared. This one was different though, stronger somehow: It must be found and studied, it must be spared.

Frank had always been unlucky. Sitting in his car that was parked in the hospital parking lot, he looked at his watch, it was 2am; his father had just been pronounced dead. It had been expected, considering his dad had been fighting lung cancer for 4 years, but now that he was actually gone it hit him like a ton of bricks. He was 22 years old and had no family, no friends and was stuck in a job he hated. Frank sat sobbing in the driver seat for 20 minutes before wiping the tears from his face and pulling away.

He could barely remember the drive home as he stumbled through the front door of his house. Bleary eyed, he got straight into bed and came to grips with sleeping in an empty house.

Franks mother had died during childbirth, and he had grown up with his father in this small 3-bedroom house. After high school Frank had dreams of going to University and moving abroad, but after his father had fallen ill, he took a job in sales and stayed to take care of his dad. Now that he had passed, he would perhaps move out and carry on with his life.

"Working Franklin?" called Katherine, Frank's boss, from across the room.

Gathering his thoughts he turned his head quickly back to the computer and pretended to start working.

Two weeks had passed since Frank's father had died. The days seemed long and the nights dragged on but reality had started to return to Frank. Time was beginning to heal the wound that had been so painful two weeks ago.

"You okay?" his co-worker Jessica, asked sweetly.

"Yeah.... Thanks" he replied quietly.

He had always had a crush on Jess; she was smart, kind, beautiful and had a great sense of humor. They had become great friends ever since they started working together 3 years ago, however Frank never made a move being that she was in an on and off relationship. He glanced back over at Jess; she truly was beautiful, she had shoulder length black hair, large doe eyes and despite a thin frame, a nice small round butt.

The clock finally struck 5 and Frank made for the door.

"Hey wait for me." Jess said, grabbing her belongings and hurrying after him. "How are you holding up?" she asked, catching up to him.

"Yeah, I'm doing okay thanks." Frank smiled somberly, "Thanks for asking."

"No problem." Jess said sympathetically. "I never knew my Dad so if you want to talk about it, I'm always open."

They made polite small talk while walking to their cars.

"God, James has been a complete bitch recently, he never wants to clean up after himself." Jess complained.

"You're still seeing him?" Frank almost laughed.

Jess' boyfriend, James, was quite possibly the worst boyfriend ever. He had cheated on her twice and she still had forgiven him. They had broken up a couple of times before they got back together again.

"I guess so." She said shaking her head, "See you later."

"Bye." Frank replied as they both got in their cars.

On the way home Frank thought about Jess and her relationship with James. What could she see in him? Why were they still together? Pulling into his driveway he shook the thoughts from his head.

The night had an eerie feel to it, getting out of his car he saw three strange lights in the cloudy, moon lit sky.

Suddenly white flashed through Frank's eyes. He couldn't see, feel or hear anything around him. All he knew was that he wanted to throw up. What the hell just happened? Where was he? Then, just as suddenly as it came, it left. His head spinning, he collapsed.

He woke on the living room couch. Groggily he sat up, wondering what just happened.

"akjo erhe erjoppe paassaf?" Came a strange voice from behind him.

Whizzing around, he saw a man standing in his house.

"Who the fuck are you?" Frank shouted.

"Freeop gas Tasicarth." The man replied.

"What?" Frank replied confused.

"Oh sorry, I thought you might speak Dakruzarian." The stranger replied, "My name is Tasicarth, call me Tas."

"What are you doing in my house Tas?" he asked with growing impatience.

"Discovering you, of course." Tas replied.

"I'm sorry?" Frank replied bewildered.

"You are Franklin Williamson aren't you?" Tas asked.

"Yes..."

"Well I don't see why you don't..." Tas trailed off, "Oh no, he never told you did he?"

"Tell me what?"

"Tell you that you are half Dakruzarian."

"Half what?"

"Dakruzarian, native to the planet Rumada."

"Get out of my house!"

"Oh please, did you never wonder why you have three dotted birthmark on your wrist and your chest?" he smiled, "That is the symbol of the Dakruzar, every boy has them."

"Its just a birthmark..."

"Oh really..." he grinned wider, "tell me about your mother."

"I never knew her."

"Pretty strange that your father wouldn't tell you much about her wasn't it? Didn't have any family on her side did you?"

"Are you seriously claiming that you are an alien?"

"No, I am claiming that you are one too."

"Please! You look an awful lot like a human to me." Frank said in disbelief.

"You would be surprised how similar our evolution has been." Tas noted.

Tas smiled and walked into the next room, he returned holding a silver briefcase. Laying it down on the coffee table, he opened it. A series of holograms and gadgets emerged. Frank went wide-eyed at what he saw; he had never seen such technology.

"Your mother was Dakruzar, we have already done the tests in our ship."

"Ship?"

"Yes." He said bluntly, taking out a series of small devices and laying them on the table. "Half-borns are not unheard of but a child born to a Dak mother is highly unusual."

"My mother was an alien?"

"Yes sir, which makes you half alien." He smiled, "We will offer you transport to Rumada but first your body must adjust."

"Adjust?"

"Yes Franklin, adjust. You see, when Dakruzar boys come of age they are allowed to travel between planets, to travel between planets you body must be ready for the journey. So every boy receives his 'Makmag'. However they usually receive it at 16 but 22 will suffice." Tas explained, fiddling with some of his gadgets.

"I'm sorry, Makmag?" Frank asked, playing catch-up.

"There is no direct translation between our languages, but the best I can do is 'Man Injection'" Tas laughed "We took the liberty of giving it to you on the ship."

"You injected me?"

"Yes, we did. And if you needed proof that you aren't all human, you would already be dead, the Makmag injection would kill you if you weren't." Tas began packing his gadgets again. "The unfortunate tests we did with human males proved that."

"Alright this is too weird, please leave."

"Of course," Tas said politely and headed to the door, "Oh if you do want to keep in touch, press the button on the table."

He pointed to a gadget still on the table, it was a black box with one round button on top. Frank stared stunned as the man turned and closed the door behind him. What the fuck was that all about?

The next few days Frank took off sick from work. He had been bedridden, feeling abnormally weak and sick to the stomach. It was surely from whatever that lunatic said he injected him with.

It was Thursday morning and crawling out of bed, Frank made it to the bathroom. Standing in front of the mirror he took off his shirt, ready to get in the shower. What he saw made his jaw drop, where there had been undefined skin now lay a perfect six-pack. His small and skinny arms had also become large and strong. Flexing in the mirror he absent-mindedly took off his shorts and underwear. If his upper body made his jaw drop, his lower body knocked him clean off his feet. Frank was never a small man, but his penis had gained almost comical size. His cock looked at least 9 inches flaccid and it had almost tripled its girth. Suddenly a strange scent hit his nose, was that his dick? Frank tried to get closer and could definitely smell a strange odor coming from his crotch. It was an odd smell, almost sweet yet salty at the same time.

As he jumped into the shower and started lathering himself, Frank realized how horny he was, not having masturbated in a few days. He jerked himself off and watched as his massive cock began to take size, it was probably 12 inches long and incredibly thick. His head started to spin as he realized that he may well be half alien.

Deciding he wanted to finish jerking it out of the shower, he toweled off and headed for his room. However before he could make it, there came a knock at the door.

"Who is it?" he called

"Its Rachel." Rachel had been Frank's neighbor for years; she was raising her young family with her husband next door.

"Oh okay, coming!" he shouted, wrapping a towel around his waist and walking to the door.

She was an attractive lady, with mixed Asian heritage, in her mid 30's; she had been born and raised in England before moving here for her husband. Rachel was about 5'5 with brown hair that she wore in a ponytail; and although she tried to hide it she had a curvy figure that Frank had many fantasies about as a teenager. She had been kind growing up and had been generous and caring after Frank's dad died, often bringing him meals.

"I made brownies, I know you like them with chocolate chips." She said from outside the front door.

Frank hurried to open the door, and yanked it open. Unbeknownst to him, the towel that had been wrapped loosely around his waist caught the edge of the door. In one sweeping pull, he was left standing there with his still erect cock pointing straight at the mother of two. Rachel gasped in shock. For a moment they stared at each other, not daring to move.

Frank broke first, scrambling for the door he attempted to close it. But before he could she threw her hand to the door and barged in.

Closing the door behind her she stared straight at his huge erection.

"That's the most magnificent dick I've ever seen." She panted.

"Its so... perfect," she murmured edging closer.

Reaching out, Rachel put a hand on Frank's cock and very gently began stroking up and down his huge tool.

"Whoa whoa whoa, what are you doing?" He said jerking away in surprise

"I'm sorry can I just hold it for a second?" Rachel said with a smirk.

"But, what about Dave?" Frank stammered.

"I love Dave, but this is a once in a lifetime cock." She said in awe, kneeling down in front of him. "Plus, Dave doesn't have to know."

Before Frank could even think to protest, she began kissing and licking the head of his gigantic manhood.

"Oh shit!" Frank gasped as Rachel began to feed as much of his dick into her mouth as she could.

Sucking and slurping she began to devour his dick before taking it out with a 'pop', "Its so delicious, how come you never showed me before?"

The gorgeous Milf did not wait for a reply and again began sucking his length. She slurped louder and sucked harder, desperately trying to get more in her mouth. Frank felt a tightness pressing against the tip of his cock and almost blew his load as he felt her throat relax as she began to deep throat his meat. Resting a hand on her head, and running a hand through her ponytail, he marveled at the feeling of the throat fucking he was receiving.

Her red lipstick, which he so often fantasized about, was now smearing the top of his cock. She slowly progressed sucking long and hard. Rachel was completely devoted to his dick licking it lengthwise and slowly jerking it with both her fists. She took her time, gently sucking the top and twirling her tongue around the tip.

Rachel began urgently sucking Frank's dick. She looked up into his face as she started grabbing his hips and forcing herself to take more. She began to gag and pulled away, gasping for air. Her salvia was dripping from her mouth, licking her lips she dived in for more. Further and further she went, but she could not get anywhere near the full length down, bottoming out with about 6 inches to spare.

"So big..." she laughed admiring his dick, before sucking hard again.

Her spit had begun to run and it was now drooling down onto her tight blue t-shirt. Her hands could barely reach all the way around his massive girth as she began jerking Frank's dick feverishly.

"You like that?" Rachel heaved, looking up into his eyes.

"Yes." Frank whispered.

She sucked the tip as hard as she could and flicked her tongue over his head. Frank was in heaven; he would not last much longer.

"I'm cumming!" he announced.

Rachel changed nothing and continued to suck his knob as hard as she could.

"Ahhhhhhh" he roared.

Wave after wave of hot and sticky cum erupted into Rachel's mouth, and without breaking stride she swallowed as much as she could. On the fifth rope of jizz, the mother of two couldn't keep going and instead opened her mouth to catch it all. Giggling she swallowed the last drops of cum and cleaned his head off.

"Even your cum tastes good." She smiled.

Rachel got up off her knees, straightened out her skirt and said, "Thank you, I had fun." Before walking straight out of the front door, her face a mess of spit and cum.

Exhausted, Frank flopped down onto the couch. What the hell was that all about? His chest heaving he looked at the table, and saw the device Tas had left. This had to be Magmak.