 A Master Without A Sword:

I

As I lay face down on my bed and cried, I heard my mother walk up the stairs and enter the room.

'Hey, what's the matter?' she asked as she walked over and sat next to me on the bed, then reached out and stroked my hair.

'I'm fucking useless!' I cried into the pillow in reply.

'No you're not,' she said, 'you just need some small improvements. Ramus told the village council that there were a couple of things you needed to work on, and I guess you've been having some problem with that, yes?'

'Ramus?' I realised I'd never heard Teacher Paynor's first name before, 'I think it's a little more than a couple of things, though -- I'm supposed to be a swordswoman, but I couldn't hurt a fly!'

I hit the pillow with a fist, but continued sobbing, as the words I'd spoken to myself continued to rattle around in my head, before my mother put her arm round my neck and lifted me up, hugging me into her chest. Here I am, supposed to be a grown woman, crying into my mothers' breast like a small child! 

'Oh darling,' she said as she continued to stroke my hair, 'you never used to have any problems being aggressive. I remember when Nepin and Tegor used to complain about you beating them too much, when you were first learning to use those little wooden swords for kids. You remember that?'

I nodded, remembering it quite well: we all thought we'd have a few little competitions to see who the best little swordsman was - (we being Nepin, (the baker's second son), Tegor, (the Wheaton's son -- (they own the grain/cotton-farm to the south-west of the village)), Waymin, Jaik, (Sharil Gylson's son, (they own the vegetable and fruit farm to the north, in between the river and the road, after the washing and bathing area)), Stewain Landson, (the leader's son), myself, and of course Alnia, who always stood by in case someone got hurt with her healing salve, (though she mostly just followed me around whenever she could)).

As it happened, I'd nearly always win these little fights and 'competitions'. In fact, it didn't take long for the boys to stop asking me to join them, simply because they knew they'd lose! Of course, that didn't stop them from teasing me all the time about it, though they were never nasty or spiteful, (mainly because they knew I'd beat them up if they were!). Yes, I know, I was a right little tomboy when growing up! Thankfully I had Alnia along side me to help balance things out somewhat… (Or so I thought…).

The main thing they always teased me about was my appearance, (of course), with their favourite being '(little-miss) flying-pig-face', (because of my nose and ears), along with comments like 'if you run any faster you'll take off'. I never really paid them much attention, though, and, if anything, I actually found them rather amusing as I grew older. I definitely got my revenge against them in practice anyway, so I can't complain too much.

Either way, my mother was definitely right about me being more aggressive when I was younger.

'Yes,' I replied.

'So what happened to you then? Where did it all go? We all thought you'd grow up to be a good swordsman, but now look at you. What happened?'

'I don't know,' I replied.

Neither of us spoke for a while after, just being content to hold each other closely, and eventually I stopped crying, just being happy to be warm and loved, forgetting about my troubles, if only for a moment.

'Anyway,' she spoke eventually, 'I think it's about time you got something to eat, yes? I had some food cooked for you, but it's probably all cold now. It's up to you if you want me to cook some more, or if you'd prefer to go to the inn. In fact, that's probably the better idea. I'm sure they'd love to see you, and if you'd like, you could always stay for the orgy later on.'

I quickly drew back after she said that, and sat up and looked her as she smiled at me, puzzled.

'I thought I had to be on duty tonight?' I asked, then realised that it was probably not really worth it, since I was so useless at that point.

Mum rolled her eyes, 'you forgot we're going to Millton tomorrow haven't you?'

'Oh,' I replied. Of course I'd forgotten!

'So you can stay at the inn tonight if you want and sleep on the way there tomorrow morning. It's up to you, just like I said. I doubt Jemila or Marna would let you go anyway!'

'What about Alnia? I should really go talk to her at some point. Not that I've got a clue what to say…'

'Don't worry about her, I'll have a word with both of them, ok?'

'Ok. Thanks.'

'Aww, come here…'

We had another quick hug, followed by a kiss this time, before we finally both got off the bed and stood up. There was a brief knock at the door. My mother looked at me, to see if I wanted to answer it, but I shook my head. (No way -- it might be Alnia, and I didn't really want to talk to her yet!).

So I stood there waiting while Mum went back downstairs and answered the door. As soon as she did, I realised it was Teacher Paynor -- (I don't think I'll ever be able to call him Ramus) - but I still stood there, waiting, wondering what exactly they were talking to each other about, as they took a while. I could have walked closer to listen, but I really couldn't be bothered -- I knew that if it was that important Mum would probably tell me anyway…

Eventually they finished talking, and I heard Mum close the front door, before walking back upstairs. As soon as she reached the top of the stairs, I realised she was carrying my sword, after I'd left it with Teacher when I ran home earlier.

'Here,' she said, handing it to me.

'What's the point?' I murmured, but took it anyway, though I didn't bother to put it on. Instead, I just stood there, holding and looking at it, wondering what to do with it, (since I didn't feel like wearing it).

My mother walked up to me, and lifted up my chin with her finger, to make me look at her. Her large brown eyes looked straight into mine, as she replied.

'You're still technically a member of the militia at the minute, and you wouldn't want to lose your job would you? It's not like there's any other work for you round here, since you've never been interested in helping me much, have you? So the least you can do is pretend to be a swordswoman for now, can't you?'

'I suppose so' I replied, and put it on.

'Good. Now go get some food, ok? And enjoy yourself tonight, darling. I think you need it…'

'I suppose so,' I replied again, before putting my sword on as I walked across and down the stairs.

II

As I walked downstairs, I realised I really didn't want the sword on after all, and I quickly took it off and left by the wall in front of the door, as I opened it.

As I walked out of the door, closing it behind me, for the first time in my life, I felt like I was an impostor, even without my sword, or maybe because of it. I tried to act as I normally did, as I walked across the village to the inn, but inside I felt like I didn't really belong anymore, as though I'd almost betrayed the village and its trust in me and my abilities. Deep down, I wanted to cry again, but I managed to keep up the act until the smell of food from the inn overwhelmed every other thought and desire in my mind, though I still took the northern path round the hall to the inn since I didn't want to go anywhere near Alnia's for the moment.

The night was starting to creep in, but of course that never really affects the inn in any meaningful way. In fact, things usually improve somewhat after dark…

I heard the noise from the inn, rowdy and coarse as always, long before I saw it, as I passed round the village hall. The inn is by far the largest building in the village - at least twice the size of the hall itself, and even bigger than the mill, with two main storeys and more space under the roof - and sits lengthways from east to west, along and in-between the two roads to the east side of the village travelling to the mill and the bakery, which tells you everything about how important it now is.

There are large doors to the north and south, and tables and benches nearby. Opposite the inn on the northern side were the stables, and at that particular moment, they were pretty full, containing at least fifteen horses, maybe more, along with quite a few traders' carts beside. On the southern side, of course, is Alnia/Steylia's house, on the corner, and next to that is a large house where Jemila's daughters live. (Jemila herself lives in the top floor of the inn, under the roof).

The second chimney for the kitchen fire in the north-east corner of the inn was smoking well, so I knew I probably wouldn't have to wait long for any food, if at all. The main chimney, though, as nearly always, was silent -- we were far enough from the mountain tops and insulated by the forest, to make any warming fires unnecessary for the most part. Though it sometimes got a little too cold in the middle of the wet season, it rarely if ever got so cold as to snow, and as it was still the dry season at that point in time, it was no surprise that such fires were unlit.

As I walked up to the inn and past the tables outside to get to the door, I felt a hand squeeze my right buttock. I looked round and faced a small man with a large black beard, a balding head and small beady brown eyes sitting there, looking at me and smiling.

'Uh-uh,' I told him, shaking my head, 'I'm not one of the serving wenches, and don't like being touched without permission, ok? If you want to feel a girl up ask them instead -- I'm afraid I don't go in of things like that. Not from men anyway… And if you push your luck too far, my sword here might make you lose something important, ok? Oh, oops, I'm not wearing my sword am I? But still, I can always go fetch it…'

He looked so shocked and sorry, and although I tried to keep a straight face whilst saying all that, I couldn't help but smile near the end, and laugh afterwards.

'I'm sorry' I said, apologising for sounding so harsh, 'but I really don't like men, ok? You can look, but don't touch, hmm?'

To make him, (and everyone else there), feel better, I bent over and opened my legs for him, then jiggled my breasts a bit, (not that they do much since they're so small), looking at him through my legs, to give him a bit of a show, before standing up.

'That better?' I asked, winking at him, noticing his smallish erection poking his clothing out between his legs.

'Yes, thanks,' he replied, 'I really don't like men either.'

We all had a good laugh from that.

'Hi Kathina,' came a voice from behind me, 'you've actually come out to play at last, have you?'

I turned round, and saw Marna bring out a large wooden tray to pick up the empty pewter tankards from the tables.

'Hi Marna,' I replied, watching her long light brown wavy hair as she turned her back to me briefly, picking up the empty tankards and flagon from a table opposite, 'how's things?'

She turned round to face me afterwards, her light green eyes in her pale white face brightening as her small mouth smiled. Her dark grey apron unfortunately hid most of her body from me, but I knew she wouldn't be wearing it the whole night long…

'As you can imagine,' she replied, continuing to retrieve the left-over tankards, 'it's really busy pretty much all the time now. Jemila's even thinking of hiring someone else… Well, it's either that or I get Callina to help. I know she's still a bit young, but I figure the sooner she learns to carry stuff without dropping or spilling it, the better, don't you?'

(In case you're wondering, Marna is about 5 years older than me, and Callina is her only daughter).

'Well, I'm sure she'll inherit your poise and grace,' I replied, making her snicker.

'Poise and grace? If my feet were any bigger I wouldn't be able to walk anywhere without falling over…'

'I thought big feet were supposed to help with stability?'

'Not in my family. Jemila says her grandmother had a few problems walking,' she quickly looked round at the door, then moved closer, lowering her voice 'though between you and me, I think she used to drink a bit too much of her own supplies, if you-know-what-I-mean?'

She winked at me, making us both smile and giggle, then moved to another table. I noticed her jump slightly as the large man next to her groped her, as I knew he would. (He'd been eying us both up for a while). She calmed down quickly, though, as his hand slid further under her apron, and slid her legs further apart, and bent over the table slightly.

'You can have a quick feel if you want,' Marna said, 'but if you want anything more, I'm afraid you'll have to wait until later.'

'Aww,' the man said, as he obviously started to finger Marna under her apron, 'I want you now.'

'Tough. You can bring me off if you want, but I'm not going to fuck anyone until later, ok?'

I was going to stay and watch her cum, but at that moment my stomach reminded me of why I was there.

'I'm off inside to get some food,' I told the back of Marna, 'have a good time…'

'Mmmm,' was all she could reply, and I walked into the inn.

III

As soon as I stepped through the door, all the noise which I'd basically ignored outside hit me all at once, and I loved it. I couldn't say why I'd never been in there very often, but stepping in there at that moment made me realise that I'd been missing out on too much. I made a vow to myself there and then, that I'd be spending more time inside the inn from then on…

The tables and benches were arranged perpendicular to the north and south walls, except for those at the edge in front of the windows at the end of the building to my right, and mainly lit by torches from outside -- (the ceiling wasn't quite high enough for indoor torches, unfortunately, and the large groups of candles weren't the brightest I've seen). To the far left was the bar and kitchen, with a door in the corner to the south, leading upstairs over the bar to the rooms above. The place was almost completely full, and it seemed a lot of the village was there too, as I saw Teacher, Denni the baker and Mr Landson there with some of their family, amongst others.

A couple in the far-right corner had instruments -- a woman with a whistle and a man with an accordion I think, who was also singing -- and were also surrounded by another group of people that were also singing along to their playing, and singing a rather lewd song too, but that should only be expected in a village such as ours…

'She lay back down upon the bed,

Her arms out wide and spread her legs'

I slowly managed to walk to the bar, though it wasn't easy with all the people there. Since I hadn't been to the inn recently, I didn't realise exactly how much more business they were getting. Well, I knew the traffic had increased, judging by the horses and carts coming through the village and parking outside the inn, but I didn't realise there were that many people inside these days…

'I leaned right over and rammed my cock

Right into her cunt, then started to rock'

When I reached the bar, Jemila was already standing there, waiting, her dark brown short curly hair on her head looking very unkempt, atop her slightly dark skinned face with light green eyes, small nose and large mouth, which moved next.

'Well look who it is,' she said, speaking loudly as we all did over the noise, 'I was wondering when we'd see you again… How long's it been, six months? A year?'

She raised her right eyebrow.

'We're making babies tonight me lads,

By the time it dries we'll all be dads'

'I'm sorry,' I replied, 'I guess I've been busy.'

'We need more girls, aswell as boys,

You know they'll bring us lots of joy'

'Aye, and we know who you've been busy with too,' she grinned, 'what can we do for you then?'

'I'm starving, what've you got to eat?'

She turned towards the kitchen, from which the glow and warmth of the fire could be felt slightly even from where I was standing, 'Kinni!? What we got left tonight!?'

'Chicken and ham!' came the reply.

'Ham please?' I asked, since I never really liked chicken too much. Maybe it's just me but I always thought it was a bit too dry for my taste…?

'Sure,' Jemila replied, 'is that all? Anything to drink?'

'You got any of that barley water stuff I used to like?' I asked.

She opened her eyes wider and stared at me, as though I'd asked for something impossible, 'you sure?'

'Why not,' I said, 'I remember I used to like it.'

'Are you sure you don't want anything stronger?'

'Nah, I don't really like that stuff much. I like the juice Mum makes, but I know you don't sell that here.'

'I would if it sold,' she said, 'but unfortunately not many of the kids round here ask for that kind of thing. Pity.'

'So, do you have any of that barley water?'

'Yeah, sure,' she replied, 'that's one thing that does happen to sell, for some reason. Well, probably 'cause it's cheap!'

She found a bottle of it, then poured it into a tankard for me, 'there you go'

I then looked down at my belt, which of course I wasn't wearing, and realised because of that, I hadn't brought any money with me.

'Err, oops,' I said.

'Let me guess,' she said, leaning her head to her left, and grinning again, 'you forgot to bring something important with you?'

'Yes, sorry,' I said, 'I could go fetch some?'

'It's ok,' she replied, 'are you staying for the orgy later?'

I nodded.

'Well, if you give me a good fuck we'll call it even, ok?' she winked at me.

'Hmm,' I replied, not quite liking the direction that took.

'Hey,' she said, obviously reading me correctly, 'that doesn't make you a whore you know, it's just a favour, and you'd fuck me anyway, right?'

'Well, yeah!' To be honest, I'd been thinking about doing that before, but I wasn't going to do anything about it whilst sleeping with Alnia… This, on the other hand, seemed like a good a time as any.

'Well then,' she said, 'now go sit down and we'll bring your food over, ok?'

I went and sat down at the only empty table I saw, near the door upstairs, as the band launched into another tune - a jig I think, (is that the one in three's?). I remember talking to a musician long ago who tried to explain a few things like that to me, but I guess I've forgotten most of it.

As I sat there and waited for my food, I tried to think, but the noise and my stomach made that pretty much impossible, so I just slid up next to the window and looked outside.

It was pretty dark by now, though I knew it wasn't yet time for the night shift that I'd usually be taking part in. I looked over at Alnia's house, and saw the light from the windows, wondering what she was up to, and if she was having fun. I sighed, wishing that I could make everything right just by thinking about it.

Marna arrived, carrying a tray with my food on and a flagon of barley water.

'There you go,' she said, then sat down opposite.

'Thanks,' I replied, 'shouldn't you be busy?'

I started to eat the ham, potatoes, carrot and peas.

'Not really,' she said, 'most have already eaten, and I can wait a bit before collecting the tankards back in again. I thought I'd stay with you for a bit, considering I haven't seen you in ages.'

'What about the others?' I asked.

'Gella doesn't like you like I do, and Jemila and Kinni are busy. Jemila says you're going to fuck her tonight, is that right?'

'I have to,' I said, 'I didn't have any money.'

I winked.

She laughed, 'about time too!' and then leaned in closer, 'I want to fuck you too. Hell, who am I kidding, I've wanted you for years, I even thought about naming my daughter Kathina too, but I thought it might be a bit too obvious…? Hmm… I love you.'
