 Lady Carneven:

I

Sitting there against the wall with the woman's head leaning on my breast, I slowly began to realise that my life had just changed forever. I knew it was going to take me quite a while to fully come to terms with what had happened, but I knew I had to. In fact, having a lie down and thinking about it all seemed a good idea right then...

I pushed the woman away from me, and stood up before stepping over and falling on the bed, rolling on my back and looking up at the ceiling, which was merely the brown wooden boards of the floor above supported by a beam running across.

The woman moved across the floor, the short noise making me glance at her quickly, and decided to sit next to the bed, her black hair waving in front of her face, still damp from our sweat hiding her emerald eyes which stared at me.

'What would you like me to do Master?' she asked, unfortunately breaking my thoughts as I started to organise them in my head.

'Shut up,' I replied, turning my head to face her, unhappy with her noisy intrusion. Her voice was deeper and flatter than Alnia's, and I realised I didn't really like listening to it that much, 'lie down on the floor and go to sleep, bitch.'

She quickly obeyed, and even smiled as she slid down past the edge of the bed and lay on the floor.

I turned my face back to the ceiling, and lay there thinking and wondering just how and why the woman could possibly enjoy what I'd done to her; it seemed so far away from anything I'd ever experienced that I couldn't possibly relate to it. Either way, for whatever reason, I had to admit, and come to terms with the fact that the woman actually liked, and wanted me to treat her as my slave.

I also had to admit that she wasn't the only one...

It was obvious that Alnia wanted me to treat her the same way too, though why I just couldn't understand at all. Well, deep down I knew that she'd always been a bit subservient and submissive, but I'd never even thought about taking advantage of it before, and doing so even now just felt really wrong, like I was betraying her trust in me, even if she felt otherwise. There was just no way I could treat her the same way as I treated this woman here, though; I simply love her far too much for that. I'd rather go and hurt myself before doing anything like slapping her round the face – it's just not right...

But the problem is that I did and do enjoy it. I just couldn't enjoy doing anything like that to Alnia...

That was when I realised that maybe I should be glad I had this woman here instead? After all, if I can treat her like this anytime I felt like it, then maybe I wouldn't have to do so with Alnia. Maybe she could be Alnia's slave too... No, okay, maybe not - I had to admit that that wasn't going to work.

I really felt like my entire life had just been thrown upside down onto the floor and I was running around trying to pick up the pieces. I did have the sneaking suspicion, though, that if I managed to do so then I'd learn something really important. Again it felt like there was something hovering in the background of my thoughts, as before: something that if I figured it out would help me a lot, but I knew I didn't have a chance of figuring anything like that out at that moment in time.

Oh well, I decided to just lie there and then forced myself to relax and see if anything else happened. After I did so, I realised I could hear the noises from below that I'd pretty much ignored before; the groans, moans and screams of what sounded like some very enjoyable fucking. The orgy had definitely begun! Which of course reminded me that I'd promised to fuck Jemila... Oh, and Marna! (That was, of course, assuming I'd have any energy left!).

Then another low groan and whispering came from my left. I leaned over the bed and looked down at the woman, who was lying on her right side, facing the bed with her head resting on her right hand, as she slowly rubbed herself between her legs with her left. Her eyes were closed and she was obviously dreaming.

'Mmm, Master, yes... Like that? Oh Master, let me...' she was whispering and groaning, quietly.

That was when I realised, that although making her my slave was a big deal for me, and was obviously continuing whatever seemed to be happening to me, that, maybe, it was also a really big deal for her too...

What would it do to her if I turned round and left her? What and how was she going to sort herself out with what had happened between us? I had to admit to myself, that although I didn't love her by-any-means, (certainly not like I did Alnia), I did quite like her, and wanted her to be happy. I guessed I should be thankful that making her happy seemed so easy!

She eventually calmed down a little and opened her eyes, looking up at me, then froze.

'Hi – er – sorry Master,' she said, looking apologetic, 'I guess I can't help myself when thinking or dreaming about you. I'm – I'm sor-ry.'

I leaned myself over and lowered my head down to hers, 'cum for me then... Go on, cum for me, bitch.'

Her eyes flew open wide and she shuddered immediately, her head thrown back as she shook and groaned in orgasm.

'That's it,' I told her, 'have another one.'

Her eyes went even wider this time, and she stared at me again as the rest of her body writhed on the floor. She started to cry as she slowly calmed down afterwards and regained her breath.

'Oh Master,' she said, her tears starting to fall down her cheeks, 'I love you so much. You know how to make me so happy. If there's anything I can ever do for you, at any time to make you happy Master, then just tell me to do it. Please... I don't deserve to feel this good. It's my job to make you feel good.'

She looked down at the floor, 'I wish I could stay here forever with you, Master, but I'm afraid I have to take a message back to my mother in Evendale. I'm so sorry.'

But then she looked up at me and smiled before grinning, 'I know, Master... How would you like to escort me to Evendale tomorrow? I'll pay you for your time. How does one gold a day sound?'

'Hmm,' I had to admit it sounded tempting immediately, but I knew I'd need to talk to my own mother first, and not forgetting Alnia, either. I realised I hadn't a clue what she'd think about all this. First things first, however, 'I need to go downstairs and give Jemila a good fuck like I promised. Will you be okay staying up here by yourself, until I send Jemila up to see you after I've finished with her? I'll take the key and lock the door. Will you be okay with that?'

'Of course I will!' she replied, though I could tell she was trying hard not to roll her eyes. I had to admit then, that I actually found her quite amusing. Still I was going to wait and see what happened after I spoke to my mother and Alnia later before deciding what to do.

I sat up and got off the bottom of the bed, then looked around for the key. She'd left it on the table by the candle, which of course was still surrounded by the gold coins I'd thrown there earlier.

'You might want to pick the gold up,' I told her, 'you wouldn't want to forget it or lose it, now, would you?'

'Yes Master.'

'Good,' I stood in front of her as I walked towards the door, 'I'll see you tomorrow then?'

'Of course Master,' she replied, 'would it be okay if I played with myself still?'

'Of course it is. I expect you to look after yourself when I'm not around, okay? Though no fucking anyone else unless I say so, understood?'

'Oh yes, of course Master.'

'Good. I'll see you tomorrow,' I opened the door, then walked through it, closing and locking it behind me, before walking towards and down the stairs, following the sounds of pleasure coming from the floor below.

II

I don't know why, but as I slowly walked down the stairs to the main room in the Inn, I realised I was actually nervous about what might happen with Jemila. I guess what had happened with the woman above had made me second guess what Jemila might want of me too. Was I ready to become her Master if she so wanted? Then I wondered why I thought that? After all, I bet all she's after is a good fuck! I doubt everyone wants to be my slave... I realised I still needed to have a really good think about everything at some point, but it was too late for that now.

Of course, as I reached the door at the bottom of the stairs, behind from which came all the groans and screams of pleasure, I also wondered if Jemila and anyone else in there had heard what had happened upstairs too. I opened the door...

Right in front of the door, on top of the nearest table, was a naked man lying on his back, probably a trader or something similar since I didn't recognise him, with his hands held up cupping Jemila's breasts as she slowly moved back and forth, up and down, making love to him. Her head was held back, with her eyes closed, and she was groaning deeply with each movement she made. I'd describe the man if I could remember him, but noticing such things has never been that important to me.

I moved forward and stood next to her, then reached down and replaced the man's nearest hand with my own on her breast. Feeling the change, she opened her eyes.

'Mmm... Hi Kathina...,' she gasped in between groans, 'you like my breasts?'

'Of course,' I replied, 'I just wish I had some too.'

'Aww,' she replied, 'they're okay... Honest... I think you still look beautiful...'

She looked down at the man, 'Isn't she beautiful?' She asked him.

'Actually...I think she looks...really cute,' he gasped, 'if she stands there...like that...I'm gonna cum...real quick.'

Me? Cute?

'What...do...you...think...Kathina?' she asked, also gasping and groaning, 'should I let him...cum inside me...and waste it...or do you want it...instead...? Have a baby?'

A baby? Me? I hadn't a clue what to think or say, only that so many different feelings seemed to hit me all at once, as though I'd stepped into an oven. I just stared at her in amazement.

'I...,' is all I could say before the wave of emotion completely overtook me, and I turned and ran past the others, tears starting to fall from my eyes, out of the southern door, running straight past Alnia's house and down the road, bathed in darkness from the night sky shrouded by clouds.

Of course the gate was shut at this time, so I ran to the village wall next to Mitsy's house, under the walkway, and slumped down into and next to it, still crying strongly.

Me? A baby? But I can't, can I? I can't have a baby if I want to be a swordswoman, since I'd lose so much time, wouldn't I? But who cares! Of course I want a baby! I want a little small, soft and cute baby to hug and cuddle. And clean up after. And feed in the middle of the night when I least want to. And love! YES! I need a baby to love!

But it's not like I've done a good job of loving Alnia, is it? How well would I love a baby? But I do want one! Don't I? Alnia can help, can't she? Won't she? Sharing a baby would help our love too, wouldn't it?

So I have to choose. Again! Swordswoman or Alnia? Swordswoman or a baby? What was it about all these fucking choices? I don't want to fucking choose! I want it ALL damn it!

Next thing I knew I was striding around next to the wall feeling really angry, with my fists clenched and feeling like hitting something with them, or practicing some swordplay on a live target...

What was wrong with me? I never usually get angry like this? Even if it's that time of the month, (which I'm sure it wasn't), and since the regular cycle never seems to affect me as much as the others, it's not much a problem really, anyway. I guess I should feel lucky, but I wouldn't know...

I know teacher said I'm supposed to be more aggressive, but I don't think he meant at everything, did he? What use does punching a timber wall have? (Since that's what I felt like doing!).

Eventually I realised I'd run out of energy, and sat back down, breathing heavily for some reason, as though I'd run for hours, instead merely walking around after a short run. I realised that I actually felt really tired, but then I hadn't had much of a nap as I usually did by now.

'Have you calmed down yet?'

I looked up and saw Jemila and Marna standing there, just in front of the wall of Mitsy's house, but could just make them out in the darkness, looking fairly apologetic. I nodded, 'yes. I think.'

'Ok,' replied Jemila, 'I'm really sorry for making you upset. I guess I just didn't think. I know you don't like men and yet here I go opening my mouth and putting my foot in it. Sorry.'

'It's ok,' I replied, holding my head in my hands, 'I just wish everything wasn't so confusing these days.'

'Aww,' she said, 'well, I'm sure Marna here will take care of you tonight, won't you darling?' I looked up at her.

'Of course I will,' Marna replied and looked at me, 'you look really tired, come on, let's go get some sleep.'

'Ok,' I looked at Jemila as I got to my feet, 'I don't suppose you'd like to go and sleep with that woman I was with, would you? I promised I'd send you up to see her after we'd finished... Well, not that we did anything.'

'Sure.' She took the key then turned round and started walking back to the inn, patting Marna on the shoulder as she went past.

I decided to let Marna take my hand and walk me to her house, the large one next to Alnia's, round the back way, walking by the village wall.

III

As we approached the front door, Marna asked, 'did I warn or tell you about Callina?'

'In what way?' I replied, unsure of what she meant, but feeling tired enough not to really care.

'In that I made her for you, as a symbol of my love.'

'Really?' I asked, astounded. I guess I didn't listen properly when she told me before.

'Yep. Remember, I told you I wanted to name her for you, but I thought it would be a bit obvious. Well... I... Err... Well, I guess you're about to find out...'

I was confused again, but that was nothing new, as I wondered what she meant, and she unlocked the door and opened it.

I followed Marna into the house that she shared with her sisters, Gella and Kinni, though I guessed they were still at the inn at this time, since it wasn't too late yet. It was a lot larger than my (mothers) house, but it probably needed to be for all of them.

The hallway was similar, but the front room held a number of chairs and a large fireplace at the end that I glimpsed as we passed by and she led me into the kitchen.

'Would you like anything to drink before bed or are you too tired?' she asked.

'I'm okay, to be honest,' I replied, 'I should be getting some sleep first, really.'

'Okay,' she replied, before shouting up at the ceiling, 'Callina! She's here!'

We heard the thump of some feet bouncing on the floor upstairs, and then thudding on the stairs as her daughter ran down them, before she appeared at the bottom. She couldn't have been that much smaller than her mother, with the same longer dark brown hair, but with brown eyes too that matched. She had a really big smile on her face too, which along with her wide eyes and arms as soon as she saw me, let me know how glad she was to see me. She ran straight into the kitchen and almost knocked me off my chair as she hurtled straight into me, threw her arms round me and gave me a really big, tight hug.

'Heeelllooo Master,' she cried into my chest before she lifted herself up to sit on my lap and look at me.

I had to admit I felt really embarrassed, and almost ashamed that someone like this, at her age, should be behaving in such a manner towards me. What had I done to deserve such treatment? Nothing! That's what! At least with the woman last night I, kind of, earned it in some way, even if it was only a good fuck! Now I have a girl calling me the same thing, and I hadn't done anything for her at all!

I looked over at Mara, and she was smiling. I really hadn't a clue what to do then, and felt really lost...

'You look tired Master,' Callina said, dragging my attention back to her, 'would you like to sleep with me?'

'With you?' I asked, trying to be sure of what she meant. I knew she wasn't that old... Just by looking at her it was obvious she still had a bit of growing left to do before she became a woman. I had to admit that I didn't really fancy her at all. I can tell you my taste in women always seemed to revolve around people of my own age, though when I had Alnia to compare them to...

'Of course Master. I've saved myself just for you. I'm all yours, Master. Take me anytime you like.'

I really didn't know how to explain to her that I wasn't interested, since she was too young. I looked round at Marna, just to question her about it. She was obviously more than happy about her being with me, though...

'Go on,' she said, 'take her to bed. She's all yours. I can wait. I know she's been wanting this for ages...'

'But she's too young,' I protested, 'I only really like women my own age...'

This resulted in a wail from Callina and she started to cry, protesting that she's ready regardless of how old she is.

'Go on,' Marna implored, 'she's almost as old as I was when I had her! I don't see why that should be a problem?'

I really didn't know what to do... Between Callina's crying and Marna's insistence I have to admit I was tempted, but I knew I had to say no – I wouldn't have been able to live with myself if I didn't.

'I'm sorry Callina,' I told her to her face, 'but I only like sleeping with women, like your mother. I'm afraid you're going to have to grow up a bit more before you're ready for me, ok?'

She looked at me, afraid, 'you don't want me do you? Mum made me just for you, but you don't want me at all!'

She jumped off of me, then turned round and ran straight back upstairs, crying her eyes out and wailing terribly. Great. Now look what I've done. I knew I had to somehow take charge of this and make it all right in some way now, but I hadn't a clue what to do. I looked back round at her mother.

'If I were you I'd think of something quick before she decides to kill herself,' she said.

Oh great! Just what I needed!

'You need to give her an incentive to wait, you know, just like Mum always does with us, if we want anything,' she continued.

That sounded like a good idea. What could I get her to do? Was there anything that she could help me with? Then I thought of something.

'Come on,' I told Marna, and walked up the stairs.

Unlike my house, they had three separate bedrooms upstairs, arranged lengthways across the house towards the mill. Callina was in the one at the back, and we could hear her crying as we approached.

'Callina?' I called as we reached the doorway. She was lying face down on the second bed at the far end of the room, opposite another bed, which was probably Marna's. There were two dark chests of drawers and a table in there too, with a pair of candles, alight, that lit the room up with their orange and yellow flickering.

'What?' she replied, muffled by the pillow she was crying into.

I knew I was going to have to be firm at this point, though I didn't really enjoy it, as it would be the only way to get her to listen and obey.

'I need you to do something for me before I'm ready to sleep with you.'

She sat up and faced me, still crying, with the tears on her face bright reflecting the dull candlelight.

'What Master?' she asked.

'I need you to study for me,' I said, 'there's too much I don't know how to do since we don't have a knowledge teacher here. If you could talk to Mr Landson and get him to teach you to read and write and count properly, you'd be a great help to me, and I promise I'd love to sleep with you, and make you a woman if you did that, okay?'
