 Alnia practically dragged me out of the room and upstairs to the bedroom, before making me sit on my small bed in front of her. Glancing up at her face, with the light from the partially open window behind me shining on it, I found it hard to tell her mood, and wasn't sure if she was angry or sad. Either way, it didn't help make me feel any better.

I had a quick glance around the room, to make sure everything was as it should be, with all three beds in a row, and the table and drawers opposite, though mainly checking my clothes and my small money chest under the bed with my feet, which thankfully was still there. Not that it had much money in it – just a couple of silver coins I'd saved up over the years.

'So,' she said after a short pause, 'where do I fit in to all this? Are you going to run off with your cousin, or will you come back to me or just drop in now and again?'

I looked at her again, watching her hair blow around slowly in the small breeze from the window, but still found it hard to tell what she was thinking, 'I… Err… She…' I hadn't a clue how to put it in words, and gave up, 'I'm sorry, it's all been happening way to fast. I love you…'

I put as much feeling as I could into the last three words, and really meant it, but I really hadn't a clue how Alnia was going to react.

'Do you?' she replied, waving her arms, 'do you really? If you did, we'd be fucking like rabbits right now, and probably getting married soon. Is that what you want? Or not? Would you prefer to go running off with your cousin instead, and fucking her ass off every night instead of mine?'

'I…' I started to reply, but didn't know what to say.

'You haven't a fucking clue, have you?' She stared at me.

I started to cry, and shook my head, 'I'm sorry…'

'Sorry? I don't think you know what you're talking about. I don't think you even know what love is! Dear me Kathina, just what the fuck are we going to do with you? You haven't a clue what you're doing do you?'

I shook my head, feeling a single tear fall down my right cheek.

'Didn't think so,' she continued, 'and I thought that fuck you gave me a couple of days ago was going to be the start of something special. Ha! So, Kathina, what's it going to be? I know, let's make this nice and simple and give you some easy options to choose between shall we?'

'Ok.'

'Exactly,' she paused for a few seconds, then leant down and looked me in the eye, 'so, do you want me to be your wife, your lover, or your slave?'

I looked up at her, as she straightened afterwards, to see if she wanted an answer straight away, but she held her hand up before continuing; 'now I want you to understand that I really don't care what you want me to be, so long as you choose something, okay? The last thing I want is another five years like the last lot, where you could hardly pull up the courage to kiss me half the time, let alone actually fuck me.'

'I'm sorry.' And I was, truly, but I still didn't know exactly how to solve my problems, or what and how to choose.

'The worst thing is, is that I know that I'm the reason you can't make up your mind! If it wasn't for me, you'd be fucking the entire village up the arse and making them scream in pleasure instead! Assuming you're not in Evendale by now, that is.'

Oh. How did she know that? How did she know what I'd done to Juni? It's not like Juni had just told her? Had she?

'How?' I started to ask, but she interrupted…

'How? How did I know? Fuck me, Kathina, the amount of noise that woman, what's her name, Juni?'

I nodded.

'Well the amount of noise she made last night was ridiculous. Hell, they probably heard her in Millton!'

'Oops,' I said, 'sorry.'

'Sorry? Sorry!?' she was starting to shout and walk around in front of me now, 'your fucking apologising for making someone happy and fucking her brains out!? Oh my Lord!' She placed her hands on her head, and looked down at me, 'Kathina, if that's what you're apologising for, then you might as well go away and get lost somewhere, 'cause I don't want you… Are you?'

I looked up at her, feeling really nervous, afraid I was going to put my foot in it, 'no, of course not. I was just commenting on the noise – I didn't realise we were so loud.'

'Ha!' The way she looked and stared at me just made me want to go away and cry, but it wasn't an option right then, as she lowered her arms by her side, 'I doubt you cared how much noise she made, huh? I bet it turned you on! Well, didn't it?'

'Well, yes…'

'Exactly. So don't tell me you don't want to make me scream like that too, yes?'

'Err, yes?' I hoped I got the meaning of that last question right…

'So why aren't you fucking me then?' she asked, pointing at herself, making me want to stare at her breasts, but knew that wouldn't work, 'it's obvious you want to. Hell, I want you to as well! So what's wrong Kathina? Why won't you fuck me?'

'Well, I… Er…' I looked back up at her face.

'You, er, what?'

I guessed it was time to at least try and tell her what I was thinking, and the problems I had, 'well, it's just that for some reason all I've been wanting to do is grab people, including you, and hit them and really fuck them hard, and I don't know WHY!'

I shouted the last word at her, and couldn't help but start to cry properly, with the tears streaming down both cheeks. As I held my head in my hands, I knew I really couldn't figure out the answer to this myself, even though I'd been thinking about it, (and dreaming about it too, apparently), and it was really getting to me. Eventually I pulled my head up out of my hands, which were now wet with my tears, and looked up at her.

'I'm sorry,' she said, 'but I think it sounds like a really good idea. So why don't you just grab me and fuck me, really hard?'

I stared at her in amazement, 'sorry? What for? And I can't fuck you like that, I'm sorry, but I just couldn't. I love you too much to even think about it.'

'What for?' She glanced up at the roof, 'I'm sorry because I'm the one responsible for your problems! Like I said, if it wasn't for me you wouldn't have any! You'd be sitting there in Evendale now, probably. And if you really loved me, you'd realise that I want you to fuck me, you know, just like last night with Juni. Do you have any idea how fucking jealous I felt listening to her?'

'I'm sorry.'

'Sorry?' She looked down at me again, 'Sorry? No you're not. Or at least, you shouldn't be.'

She sighed and walked around again. 'It's all my fault,' she said again, 'if it wasn't for me getting in the way, you wouldn't have problems with your sword-fighting...' She paused and turned to look at me again, 'yes I know about all that as well. Teacher has been talking to your Mum and she's been talking to us.'

'Hmm,' I can't say I was too surprised. I knew he'd been talking to Mum, obviously, and I know that Mum tells Steylia pretty much everything, so…

'It's obvious to everyone that you've been burying a lot of your feelings away, and it's why you're having problems. I know I'm the reason for that, because you don't want to hurt me,' she bent down in front of me again, and lifted my face up to look at her, 'is that right?'

Lord, her bright blue eyes are so beautiful! 'Yes,' I admitted, 'I couldn't do anything to hurt you. I love you too much.'

'Hmm,' she said, 'but it's started all coming out now, hasn't it?'

'Yes,' I admitted again, 'it started when you told me to fuck you really hard, remember?'

'Of course I do. I'm glad you did, too, it was wonderful!' She sighed again, 'Kathina, you have to understand that I don't care what you do to me, so long as it's what you want, okay? Kathina, it's entirely up to you what you want to do, as I said. It's up to you what you want from me now. Remember, I'll be your wife, lover or slave, okay? I think you should think about it on your trip with Juni. Okay?'

'Yes. You want me to go with Juni then? I could always stay here, and fuck you to bits?'

'Don't tempt me,' she said, 'but Jemila said she was going to pay you a lot of money, and I don't think turning that down would be very wise, do you?' She winked.

Hmm. Jemila. So that's where she found all this out then, 'no you're right, of course.'

'So, you better get packed then,' she said, 'I'll get your armour if you know where that woollen suit is, okay?'

'Okay.' 

I scrambled round looking for my suit, which I eventually found in a sack of clothes near my mothers bed. I managed to find a smaller sack to put it in, (mother makes quite a few cloth sacks with any leftovers, so there are always some of them lying around), then went back downstairs to join everyone else.

Preparing to Leave:

Steylia and Juni were still there talking to each other as Alnia and I entered the front room.

'So, are you going with Juni here, then?' Steylia asked.

'Yes,' I replied.

'Yay!' screamed Juni then got up, ran over and hugged me, 'oh, sorry Master…'

I looked at her as she withdrew her arms and sat back down again, 'it's okay. You're a bit excitable aren't you?'

'Sorry Master. I can't really help it. I just love being around you. You make me feel so happy!'

She gave a big grin and returned to that slightly dreamy look again.

'I think someone's in love,' said Steylia, looking at me.

'Hmm,' is all I could reply. I still wasn't quite sure what to make out of the whole situation, but decided just to let things happen and see where it ended up.

'Looks like I've got some competition then,' said Alnia, 'though, to be honest, I'm surprised there isn't more.'

I turned and looked at her, as she leaned against the table to my left, and her body was shining in the light through the window behind. Every time I looked at her properly, I'm sure I fell even more in love with her; it just seemed hard for me to express it properly. And understand it. And act upon it. I sighed, 'I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do about her; hell, I don't know what to do about anything anymore…'

'We noticed,' she replied, 'and I'm pretty sure you'll continue to have problems until you decide what it is you really want, both for yourself, and from everyone else. True?'

'Yes,' I replied.

'Exactly, so I think you should really go away and think about what it is you really want, while you're on your trip with Juni, okay?'

'Yes.'

There was a short uneasy pause after that, until Steylia spoke to Juni, 'so, have you got your own horse and cart then?'

'Yep,' Juni replied, 'my mother arranged for me to get one that had made the trip before. It definitely makes it easier when the horse already seems to know where to go.'

'Good. I suggest you go and get it then, so we can put Kathina's stuff inside, okay?'

'Oh, yes, good idea,' Juni stood up, 'I'll be back in a couple of minutes then, Master.'

'Good,' I replied, 'hurry up.'

'Yes Master,' she said as she walked past and out of the front door and down the road towards the village hall, and the inn beyond.

After she left, I just stood there, looking at both Alnia and Steylia, wondering what to say. Normally I'd love to stand there and take in their naked beauty, but it didn't seem the time for that just then, so I looked Alnia in the eye, and thought about asking a question, just to make small talk.

'Where's Teela gone?' I asked, just realising she wasn't there anymore.

'Toilet,' Steylia replied, simply.

'Ok.'

There was another uneasy pause after that, as I couldn't think of anything else to say.

Thankfully, my Mother then returned, and it was almost like the rest of us were finally able to breathe again.

'So,' my mother said after entering the room, 'where's Juni gone?'

'She's gone to get the horse-y,' I said. Yes, I know it's a bit childish, but I've always liked that word. (I was nineteen going on six as my mother liked to say).

'Okay,' she held out two folded pieces of paper with writing on them towards me. Not that I knew how to read, and she knew that, 'these are the letters for my cousin and sister, okay?'

'Which one's which?' I asked.

'Juni will know which one is for her mother,' she replied, 'with the other one for my sister, okay?'

'Okay.' I took them from her, though I realised without my belt on, I didn't have anywhere to put them.

'I guess you should go put your belt on then,' mother suggested, stating the obvious. So I did, fetching my sword from by the front door, noting that Alnia had folded up my armour into a pile next to it, waiting for the cart to put it in. I grabbed the bag with my warm suit from the other room and added that to the pile too, after I folded up the letters even more and stuck them in my money pouch, which only contained a few copper coins at the time.

Just then, we heard the horse and cart arrive outside, so I picked up the pile of stuff, well, half of it, since my armour is actually quite heavy all at once, and thanked Alnia as she brought the rest.

We went out and threw, well, placed, all my stuff in the back of the small cart Juni had. The horse-y was nice; big and dark brown, with a long black mane, and I stopped by to give him a stroke on his mane and neck.

'He likes it between the ears,' Juni said, so I obeyed, and he certainly did, turning his head and trying his best to lick me. Yuck! Juni threw me a couple of treats for the horse to eat, so I gave them to him, while stoking his neck again.

'I think he likes you,' Alnia said, as she stood next to me and watched.

'Hmm,' I replied, 'he's a nice horse-y aren't you?'

He whimpered as I stroked his nose, then walked back to mother and Steylia. Teela had returned by then too, and stood by our mother.

'How are you off for food to take?' mother asked Juni.

'The bar-lady, er… Jem-illa? Gave me some. She said it should be enough for two of us until we get to the first inn,' she replied.

'Okay, and its Jem-eela, okay?' My mother winked at her.

'Oh, yes, sorry.'

'Right then. You going to give us all a big hug before you go then?' She asked me.

'Of course,' I replied then, moved in and gave her a big hug like she suggested. She hugged me back, making me feel very happy, special, and loved, as always, before she ruffled my hair, and passed me onto Steylia.

As I threw my arms round her, feeling her large breasts press into my chest, and resting my head on her left shoulder, she said, 'hmm, about time you gave me a hug. You do still love me don't you? You don't do much to show it anymore.'

'I'm sorry,' I said, and she was right, of course.

'Promise me you'll hug me more often if you come back then, won't you?' she asked, as we parted.

'Yes,' I replied, looking at her blue eyes, that were so similar to Alnia's, 'I promise.'

'Good.'

And so I finally stood before Alnia, and we came together slowly this time, standing right in front of each other and looking at each others eyes. She took my hands in hers.

'So,' she said, 'I guess this'll be the longest time apart for both of us, won't it?'

'Yep,' I replied. The only time we've been apart before for over a day was if either one of us stayed overnight in Millton. And now I was going away for at least a week!

'Well, I hope I'll see you again. I'll miss you badly if I don't. But it's up to you.'

She slid her arms round my neck and I slid mine round her back and we slowly lent inwards and kissed. She was so soft, and so passionate, I was already thinking I didn't deserve it. Our tongues met again, and I could feel our bodies so closely touching; could feel every tiny part of our bodies as they found and caressed each other, from our breasts to our hands and knees, to our tongues and lips, and it all felt so good, that I never wanted it to end - but of course it did.

'I'll miss you too,' I said as we slowly parted.

'We'll see,' she replied.

She held my hand as I walked up and got onto the left side of the seat at the front of the cart, leaving my sword hanging off to the side, making sure it wasn't going to hit the large spoked wheel.

'Promise me you'll finally decide what it is you want,' Alnia said as I slid my bottom around, trying to get comfortable.

'I promise,' I replied.

She kissed my hand, then stood back, as Juni took the reins and with a shout, the horse started moving, forwards, then turning round to head back towards the hall and then north.

I turned and faced Alnia as we moved off, and we blew each other a kiss and waved, along with our parents. I also made sure to wave at Teela, who looked a bit jealous. Oh dear, I hope she wasn't going to be much trouble!

Before The Mountains:

I looked back at Alnia, Teela and my parents, until we headed round the corner to the left of the village hall, and towards the north gate of the village, at which point I straightened up and looked to where we were heading. Nepin, who was guarding the north gate as leader of the morning guard shift waved to me as we went through and left the village, and I waved back.

'Who's that?' asked Juni.

'Nepin, my sisters boyfriend,' I replied.

'Ah. She likes boys then?'

'Yep. I've never been interested in them, myself, though.'

'Good for me, then,' she said, cheerfully, 'but even better for Alnia I think. Don't you?'

'Maybe,' I thought about her, about leaving her for so long, and still wasn't sure if it was the right thing to do, 'I don't know.'

'Aww, Master, don't cry. I know it's hard leaving her like this, and I can see how much you too love each other, but just think how much better it'll be with all the money I'll give you!'

I looked across at her and she glanced at me, grinning, 'I love you, Master. Please don't be unhappy. You'll make me cry too.'

'Ok,' I said, 'I'll try.'

'Thank you Master,' she leaned on my shoulder as we passed the farms on both sides, and headed towards the bridge before Meatonfork.

I decided to try and relax, and enjoy the ride, but it was hard – all I could think of was Alnia, and the question she'd given me. I did my best to try and think about it, but although I tried and thought pretty hard, I realised I had no idea what to choose at the time. By the time I'd done that, we'd left Meatonfork behind, and were heading for the small forest before the road headed up into the mountains.

The road had already started to rise, but not by too much yet. Looking at the steepness of the sides of the mountains that loomed above and ahead of us, though, I knew it would probably get a bit steeper than that. I couldn't imagine it would get too steep, though, otherwise the horses wouldn't be able to make it.

Looking to my right, and past Juni, there were more trees there, though you could just make out and hear the river just beyond. Juni glanced at me again.

'Are you okay, Master? You seemed to be thinking quite a lot. Have you managed to sort it out yet?'

'Nope. Don't know how long it'll take. Thought I might as well relax and enjoy the ride.'

'Hmm,' she smiled, 'good idea. I know a better way of enjoying ourselves, though.'

She winked and slid up close next to me, 'you look like you need some fun, Master. Can I make you cum?'

'Is that all you think about?' I asked her, 'you're as bad as Marna and the rest.'

'Errm, it is when I'm with you, Master.' She rested her head on my shoulder and started purring, before sliding her free left hand up and down my right arm, 'Mmm, you're so strong, Master.'

I decided that I better not answer…
