 (A fantasy, lesbian, erotic story by PhillippaT 09/06/09)

I feel I must apologise for taking so long to write all this -- (three months for just this part, apparently!). I'm afraid it's mainly because I keep on getting ahead of myself and then get sidetracked… (I've got the rough plans for a trilogy in mind, (though this first story has already been fully worked out), and I find myself thinking more about the second book/story than this one! I know - I really need to just concentrate and knuckle down and get this one done first!). I'm afraid that there's no sex in this particular part, but that's because things seem to be happening a bit slower than I anticipated. Sorry if you needed more. The next part will have it I assure you!

(Of course, this also has the side-effect of making this story a lot longer than I also expected -- (and I had 40 parts planned to begin with!)).

In this chapter I decided to write the slang into it, (since that is how she hears and writes it), but am not sure if it works? Let me know what you think…

Update: Because of one piece of feedback about the slang -- (I thought it might be too much for some) -- I've decided to alter this part a bit -- (and make it part of the story too ;) ).

Thanks, and I hope you enjoy it anyway, 

Phillippa…

Into The Mountains:

Note: Although I'd been told by the storyteller to try and write it as it sounded, using the slang etc., and then to write it down properly and add it to the rest of my notes which will go with the story -- because of the feedback we've had from the other couple of people working in the library here, we've decided to alter our plan and provide a translation with each piece of dialogue. We hope that nobody is upset with this, but since, as he told me, I'm supposed to writing as a matter-of-record anyway, it's probably for the best…).

I

Unfortunately for Juni, by the time we'd got back on the cart, and had started back up the path into the mountains, the moment had passed, and I no longer felt horny any more.

'Aww,' she said, looking really upset, 'but you promised, Master -- you really promised you'd let me make you cum!'

'I'm so sorry,' I replied, 'but I guess I'm just not really into sex that much.'

Again, I sat back into the seat, staring ahead into nothing, ignoring the water beside and below us, the grey rocks that towered over and beyond us, as well as the grey clouds covering the sky overhead, hopefully not an ominous warning of rain, or even worse, snow. I was trying to work out why it was that I seemed to be the only person I knew that didn't seem to like sex very much, or at least very often. I do like making people happy, and I know sex makes me feel good too, but I just didn't seem to want to do it at all, hardly. Maybe Alnia was right when she said I don't know what love is, and maybe that's part of it, I thought, as we continued to ride up the gravel road which by now was fairly steep, towards the first inn.

As I eventually finished my thoughts at the time, I looked across at Juni and saw she was crying.

I lifted my right hand up to caress her neck, 'I'm sorry Juni. I don't mean to make you so upset, it's just, well, I can't help it if it's not what I want, though, to be honest, if it was, I doubt I'd be riding here with you now, anyway -- I'd probably be fucking Alnia to bits now instead.'

She turned towards me, 'you're probably right, Master. It's all my fault for wanting too much I suppose. I'm sorry Master, but I guess I can't help wanting to make you feel happy.'

'Aww, it's okay.' I gave her a hug, and then we leaned on each other as we waited for the horse to take us up the road to the inn.

II

Eventually, in a few hours as it started to get dark, and after the horse had followed the trail around to the left and up the steady slope further into the mountains, we could hear the noise of the inn carried on the breeze as it blew downstream into our faces.

For some reason, just being able to hear other people, instead of the steady noise of the water and wind as it blew down from the snow-covered peaks above, seemed to make me feel happier, and more secure. I guess I didn't realise how lonely I'd been getting as I'd been travelling with Juni, until I knew others were close by, especially when accompanied by food and lodgings…

Juni also seemed to become more lively too, as we slowly approached the inn round the long bend in the road, and we both started having a good stretch, trying to make our bodies work fully again after sitting still for so long.

Very soon, the inn appeared, protruding out from the mountain, almost appearing to be carved out from it, though obviously built up from stone next to it instead. It was a large inn, reflecting the amount of traffic that passed through, three stories high, and divided into two buildings, though joined at the corner.

The nearest building was arranged lengthways down the road, with a flat roof sloped back towards the mountainous wall behind, and was obviously the main area for food, drink and gathering. A chimney at the end facing us was smoking well, probably for the kitchen fire, as the smell of food was very strong by now, wafting down from its direction.

The other building was attached to this one at its far end, and stuck out closer to the road, which wound past it to the right, then bent round and disappeared behind. It had many windows facing us on its three floors, and was obviously there for lodging, though not many rooms had candles lit in them yet, and most of the windows we could see had their shutters closed. I didn't bother to count them at the time, and didn't think it was important.

As we got closer to the nearest building, I realised that there was a cave before it in the wall on the left. It had quite a few holes and openings high up on the wall above its main archway, and as we stopped in front, I realised it was the stables, though I didn't hear or see the horses within until we were right outside.

Right at that moment, a strong gust of wind blew down, and I realised it was actually getting cold.

'Brrr,' I said, as I shivered in the passing rush of wind.

'It'll get colder as it gets darker Master,' Juni explained, though I already knew, 'at least we got here before it was too dark, anyway. Still you should go inside and get settled while I put the horse and cart away for the night. I bet the horse would like some food too.'

Just then the strong smell of horse-shit came through the air from the stables. You'd think I'd be used to it, and I should have been, but its sudden appearance then made me notice it even still.

'And a shit too,' Juni continued, making us smile, 'though my mother doesn't like that word. She prefers to use the word 'poo' instead.'

Poo? I thought. What a word!

'Poo? That's really funny!' I exclaimed as I stepped down off the cart. I stepped over to our horse and stroked his neck and mane, 'do you need a -- poo -- horsey?' I asked him, starting to laugh. I thought it was hilarious! I turned round and looked at Juni, 'do you need a -- poo -- too?' I asked her, laughing again.

She was laughing too, 'I guess I do actually,' she said, as she put her belt on, with the money pouch on her left hip. I found myself staring at her again, but felt ashamed for it, as though I was betraying Alnia.

I realised she had a point, though, and knew it would be a good idea to get away, before I thought about doing anything more to her I might regret, (not that she would). 

'Where's the toilet?' I asked her.

'Other side of the inn, so you don't have to walk so far from the room, though it's quicker probably to walk through the inn rather than round?' she replied.

'Okay.' I walked off round the end of the inn and to the front, walking into the light from its windows, created by the lit torches within, held in braces along the inside wall.

The inn was pretty full and fairly loud and brash, as one might expect. Again, it seemed that some of the traders could play instruments, so music was also there in the background, though almost completely overwhelmed by the loud voices of everyone else as they spoke, joked, laughed, and shouted at each other, all in good spirit from what I could tell. The usual wenches and innkeeper, again, all female, were bustling about or standing behind the bar, serving the customers as necessary. I could see an opening to the other building and a door beyond, at the end of the room, and started to make my way towards it, trying my best to fend off unwanted hands from those who obviously liked the look of my bottom.

By the time I reached the door to the outside, I'd wished I'd taken the other route, but knew it was too late to complain by then! I opened the door, and sure enough, it led to the toilets just outside at the back.

By the time I'd finished and was washing myself, including my hands -- (see, we are pretty civilized!) -- Juni finally arrived to take her turn.

'Did you have a good poo then Master?' she asked with a twinkle in her eye.

I couldn't help but laugh, 'of course I did. Anyway I'm going to see what they've got to eat. Don't take too long, will you? I'll probably need some of that money of yours to buy some food and a drink.'

'Yes Master.'

III

I walked back into the inn and stood at the doorway, looking for an empty table.

'Say, I don't s'pose you'd like to give us all a good fuck would ya?' a large man said, dressed in a dark grey jacket, as he wandered in front of me along the wall to my right, obviously drunk, 'I'm sure we coul' scrange up enuff mona'.'

(Translation: 'Say, I don't suppose you would like to give us all a good fuck would you?' a large man said, dressed in a dark grey jacket, as he wandered in front of me along the wall to my right, 'I'm sure we could scrounge up enough money.').

'I'm sorry,' I explained, 'for one, I'm not a whore, and two, I don't like men, okay?'

'Why d'ya go around lookin' like that, then, if ya not a whore? I'm sure wi' can fin' a cup'a girls for ya to fuck instea' if ya wan'?'

(Translation: 'Why do you go around looking like that then, if you're not a whore? I'm sure we can find a couple of girls for you to fuck instead if you want?').

'I'm sorry, but I'm not interested. I'm actually a trainee swordswoman with the Bymeatonsfield militia, and I'm escorting someone to Evendale. Just because I like being naked doesn't mean I like sex, or that I'm a whore or a slut, okay?'

'Aww, why not?'

But then a few other men had crowded round and were openly eyeing me up.

Why not, indeed? I thought as they stood there staring -- I mean, if I was Juni I'd probably be already flat on my back by now! I'm supposed to want sex, aren't I? I mean, it's supposed to be enjoyable, so I'll want it more and have lots of kids too. But I didn't want it, and that's wrong, isn't it? To be honest, even if they were women I wouldn't have been interested either. Granted, I was feeling hungry, but still…

'Am sha' Linni'll fuck ya,' someone else said, and then, the next thing I knew, they were dragging me towards a table by the wall and near the fire which someone had lit. A woman was sitting on it, also doing her best to fend off the few men that surrounded her too.

(Translation: 'I'm sure Linni will fuck you.' (Etc.)).

'Ere, Linni,' the man said, pushing me in front of her, 'shi'lak girls too. C'mon g'is'all a show.'

(Translation: 'Here, Linni,' the man said, pushing me in front of her, 'she likes girls too. Come on, give us all a show.').

The woman, who was wearing a long pale red robe, and had long braided brown hair, atop a round but bright face, dropped down off the table and threw her arms round me.

'Ya wanna fuck then?' she asked me, in a similar accent to the man who'd spoken to me before.

'No,' I repeated, 'I'm fucking starving and if I don't get some food soon, someone is going to lose something very important.'

I reached across to grab the handle of my sword to make the point.

'Aww,' she looked rather downcast, 'ya look'd lak y'od be'a god fock.'

(Translation: 'Aww,' she looked rather downcast, 'you looked like you'd be a good fuck.').

I heard a noise behind me and looked round. Thankfully it was Juni.

'I don't suppose you'd like to give her a good fuck would you?' I asked her, though I knew it was probably not necessary.

'Of course I would Master,' Juni said, 'though I'm starving too, you know.'

'Well, you'd better make it quick then, hadn't you,' I winked at her, 'so can I have some money for food then, slut?'

I wasn't quite sure what made me add the last word onto the sentence, but it felt good at the time.

'Of course you can Master.'

Juni took her belt off and handed it to me, as she stepped across me towards the woman behind, accompanied by cheers and whistles from the men.

I turned and watched briefly as the woman, (who I assume was Linni), took Juni in her arms and kissed her. Then I quickly worked my way through the circle of people, (there were a couple of other women there too), and managed to find an empty table near the bar at the other end of the room.

After I sat down, I motioned at one of the wenches at the bar to come over.

'What have you got to eat?' I asked her.

'Pork, 'am, bay-cun -- anyfing ta do wi' pigs a'uh minnit',' she said, 'Ah'd stig wi'ya bay-gun if ah wuh yuh -- it chipper.'

(Translation: 'Pork, ham, bacon -- anything to do with pigs at the minute,' she said, 'I'd stick with bacon if were you -- it's cheaper.').

'I don't care about money,' I told her, 'I'll have some ham, please.'

'Huh, wel'wi'do. I 'op ya cun pay fuh it - Ahm a'frid nuffin 'ere is chip.'

(Translation: 'Huh, well we do. I hope you can pay for it -- I'm afraid nothing here is cheap.'). 

'Of course I can,' I somehow managed to refrain from calling her a bitch, but I still don't know how -- I was starting to get really cranky, I guess, as I got hungrier, 'now hurry up.'

'O-kay,' she said, 'don' pullya 'air ou'.'

(Translation: 'Okay,' she said, 'don't pull your hair out.').

As she wandered off to the kitchen behind the bar, another woman sat down at the end of the table. I gave her a quick glance. She had a dark brown robe on, and had a light white face with long dark brown wavy hair that almost matched. She had a thin mouth, but it was her eyes that were interesting -- they were both different colours, one brown and one green. I hoped I wasn't staring too much!

'Hi,' she said.

'Hi,' I replied, 'who are you?' Then I thought a bit more, 'If you wanna fuck, then tough.'

She laughed, 'nah it's alrigh'. I gavered by now y'ah not in'rested. Where'ya from?'

(Translation: 'No, it's alright. I gathered by now you're not interested. Where are you from?').

Phew! It seemed she just wanted to talk, (for once!).

'I'm from Bymeatonsfield,' I replied, 'I'm escorting my cousin there,' I pointed over my shoulder, 'to Evendale, well, trying to.'

'Hmm. Well, she seem'ta be enjoyin' 'erself.'

(Translation: (sorry if it's not necessary): 'Well, she seems to be enjoying herself.').

Judging by the noise she was making, that was most definitely an understatement! I guessed it wasn't going to take her much longer to cum, too…

'Anyway,' she said, offering me her right hand to shake, 'I'm Lori, Lori W'ill'urn,' -- (Whillturn), 'my muvver's the turnah in Wood 'ill, which is where we go'ah name.'

(Translation: 'Anyway,' she said offering me her right hand to shake, 'I'm Lori, Lori Whillturn. My mother's the (wood) turner in Woodhill, which is where we got our name (from).').

'Where's Wood Hill?' I asked, since I didn't know.

'It's a li'tle village nex'ta forest 'long the river sarth of Evend'l,' she replied, 'it's quit' nice d'n there, tho' -- 'tis pret' quiet, n'quit' peacefuh int' summah. Gets nois' int' sprin' when all't birds are matin', but yah ten' not'ah notice 'em aft'a while. Noh' ta col' inna winta' eiver.'

(Translation: 'It's a little village next to the forest along the river south of Evendale,' she replied, 'it's nice and quiet down there, though -- it is pretty quiet, and quite peaceful in the summer. Gets noisy in the spring when all the birds are mating, but you tend not to notice them after a while. Not too cold in the winter either.').

'Sounds a bit like Bymeatonsfield,' I said, 'though with the amount of traffic we're getting through there, now, it's not going to stay a village for long, or stay that quiet either.'

'Aww,' she said, reacting to my disapproving tone no doubt, 'wha' d'ya do anywah? Ya cud alway' mov'ta Wood 'ill if ya'd preffer, I'm shah wi'cud yus anuvver stro' wom' lie'you arrand, 'ven if ya wouldn' lie ta joi'ni an' give us all a gud fu' ev' nigh'.'

(Translation: 'Aww,' she said, reacting to my disapproving tone no doubt, 'what do you do, anyway? You could always move to Woodhill if you'd prefer -- I'm sure we could use another strong woman like you around, even if you wouldn't like to join in and give us all a good fuck every night.').

'Does every village have an orgy at night then?' I asked, surprised by that. I guess I'd never really thought about anything beyond my own village before then. This trip with Juni might actually be a good thing after all!

'A'cours'ey do,' Lori said, rolling her eyes, obviously surprised by my question, 'don' yah know anyfing?'

(Translation: 'Of course they do,' Lori said, rolling her eyes, obviously surprised by my question, 'don't you know anything?').

'Not much, I guess,' I admitted, 'though I'm training to be a swordswoman.'

'Swordswoma?' she seemed surprised by that, but then I could tell she was giving me a good look over -- especially my arms and the muscles I have, 'hmm, well, I s'pose ya do luh pri-teh stron' 'nuff. An'ah nev' seena sword lie tha'on beh-fuh. I though' they were s'posed ta be long-er than tha'?'

(Translation: 'Swordswoman?' she seemed surprised by that, but then I could tell she was giving me a good look over -- especially my arms and the muscles I have, 'hmm, well, I suppose you do look pretty strong enough. And I've never seen a sword like that one before. I thought they were supposed to be longer than that?').

'They normally are, but I preferred this shorter one. It's quicker and lighter than a longsword, which I prefer.'

'Ah, 'kay. Ah bin train' ta' use 'alberd -- don't know much 'bout sword', really.'

(Translation: 'Ah, okay. I've been training to use a halberd -- I don't know much about swords, really.').

'Okay.' That wasn't too surprising -- most women and girls train to use them instead of swords. I still wasn't quite sure of why at the time though, but accepted it as fact regardless of the reason behind it -- (since it should be good), 'so what sort of stuff does your mother make? I assume you help her out? Have you got any brothers and sisters?'

'Well, mah mum makes ah usual stuff, like 'andles an' chair an' table legs, an' anyfin' else needin' wooden pole' an tha' sor' of fing. Wi' try ta add sum of'a more fancy decor'ayshun to it', but mos' ova people who buy our stuff in Even'del don' real' care. Mah mum isn' 'xactly best aroun', so it no' worf a gret deal, bu' it cheap, an' it sell well 'nough ta keep food on't table.'

(Translation: 'Well, my mum makes the usual stuff, like handles and chair and table legs, and anything else needing a wooden pole and that sort of thing. We try to add some more fancy decorations to it, but most of the people who buy our stuff in Evendale don't really care. My mum isn't exactly the best around, so it's not worth a great deal, but it's cheap, and it sells well enough to keep food on the table.').
