 Master Swordswoman -- Part9

(A fantasy, lesbian, erotic story by PhillippaT 01/07/11) 

I've been really busy for quite a while now, (have moved around a bit too), I'm afraid, so I haven't had much time, (or space), to actually get back to writing all this out. I also found this particular chapter really hard to write - I just hope the effort was worth it? (To be honest, I've also been getting really -- WAY - ahead of myself in this story, which probably hasn't been helping either -- (especially recently with something I've got planned for the next part...) (Trilogy anyone? :p )).

Master, Escort or Lover?

Note: After a long talk with the Storyteller about the last part I wrote, we've agreed that I should drop the slang, accents or dialect from now on, (mainly since it's supposed to be a matter of record rather than just a simple tale, and although we ended up adding translations before, we/he felt it wasn't really worth it from now on. There are apparently better sources available to show how we talk around here instead). Of course if anyone actually likes it like that, then let me know, (assuming I'm still around to ask that is), since I'm sure I could do a nice translation for you!

I

It took a while for my body to catch up with my thoughts, to the point that I'd actually finished my drink, before I also rose from the bench and walked towards the door of the inn. The other men there still couldn't keep their hands to themselves though, and I found myself fighting them off on the way, as seemed to be usual these days. You'd think they'd never seen or felt a naked woman before! (And if they hadn't, then they should have found someone else who's actually interested, first!).

Eventually I reached the outer door and opened it, revealing the dark road before the darker mountain across the river, and the cold, which by now was definitely too much for a naked woman. I quickly scampered across to the stables, letting the door close behind me, shivering as I did so.

When I got there, I heard voices from within. One was definitely Juni, though the other, no others, were male, though not too old by the sounds of it. I quickly slid into the stable entrance, as quietly as I could and let my eyes adjust to the light level inside, which actually wasn't too bad - someone had lit a couple of torches high on the walls, (probably Juni, or maybe Lori if she'd still been here before).

The smell of horse shit was very strong, (though you'd think I'd be used to it after all this time -- perhaps it smelled different there), and I dread to think what I was stepping in, but I ignored it and tried to make out what the others were saying. Then Juni cried out, and I realised that it probably wasn't good! I quickly slid round to the side, creeping along the wall to try and see where they were, and what was happening, over to my right.

There were two men, well, young men -- youths - and they'd cornered Juni, looking like they were causing nothing but trouble. I knew her showing all that money around was going to be a problem!

'C'mon bitch!' one of the boys snarled at her and he grabbed her arm, 'just give us some of that gold of yours and we'll let you go.'

'No,' Juni replied, pulling her arm away, seemingly not that afraid or affected by what was happening, 'what do you think you can do with it anyway? Where are you going to go? Where are you going to hide? You think you'll just be able to walk to Bymeatonsfield or something?'

She definitely had a point, but the boys didn't seem to be interested in little things like that, and they made to grab her again. I decided I'd seen and heard enough, and drew my sword before stepping round the cart between us, then quickly thrust my sword out between the boys and Juni, the edge pointing right at their throats. As I did so, I realised the one on the far side had a knife in his hand.

'Drop the knife,' I told him as sternly as I could, 'before I make you drop it in a very painful way.'

Both of the boys were staring wide eyed at the short-sword I held before them, before turning their eyes and following the sword up to my arms, no doubt looking at my nice muscles, and then, men and boys being what they are, still had a quick look at my body, (especially my breasts, though why they like to look at mine I don't know), before looking back at the sword.

'Go on, drop it,' I urged him, 'I'm supposed to be training to kill Orcs not people!'

He did, eventually, thankfully, though still reluctantly. I think he realised how much trouble he was in by then. Juni picked the knife up then went to get some help from the inn. All three of us just stood there, silently, watching each other, though they still snuck in glances at my body when they thought they could get away with it, without making it obvious by actually staring at me, like I've ever really cared about people looking at me before -- (if you want to stare, then go ahead -- I really couldn't care less, unless you're a naked woman too, of course, in which case I'll probably do some staring of my own!).

Soon, Juni came back with one of the larger men I'd seen in the inn, but not one I'd spoken to. He walked straight up to the boys and slapped them both round the head, while Juni came over and stood on my left, by the cart.

'Paymar and Tofful', (again, I hope I got the spellings right!), 'just what am I supposed to do with you this time?' he said, as he hit them, 'just how much more trouble are you going to get yourselves into? How many beatings is it going to take for you two to actually learn that you can't go around and do things like this to people! The first thing you can do is apologise to the lady and her friend here, okay?'

They both mumbled an apology, their eyes downcast at the wooden floor that had been laid over the stone in the cave/stable. (Why they didn't just use the stone floor underneath I didn't know at the time). I finally sheathed my sword.

'But that's not going to be enough, now, is it?' the man carried on speaking, 'so, hand over the money you got given - go on.'

He held out his hand, and both of the boys reached into their pockets and put the coins they pulled out into it.

He looked down at it, 'and the rest.'

They looked really sad at that, and then pulled out a couple more coins from other pockets, before putting them in the man's hand also.

'Thank you,' he said, gruffly. Then he turned to Juni, who by now was standing next to me, holding my arm, and looking fairly happy. He held out his hand, and let her take the coins, 'that should cover your room and food at the inn, I hope,' he said, 'I apologise greatly for my sons, though I never thought they'd ever do something quite this stupid.'

'But you...' I started, but stopped when Juni grabbed and lightly squeezed my left arm.

The man looked at me as I started to speak, 'I thank you for not hurting them, lass, and if there's anything else I can do for you, just let me know. I'm Ditchin, Ditchin Roper of Mid'ston.'

He held out his hand, and Juni and I both shook it. Then he turned back to his sons, grabbed them and shuffled them back outside and towards the inn.

'But he didn't have to give us that money,' I protested to Juni, 'it's not like we need any.'

Juni sighed, 'yes he did, Master.'

'Why?' I was puzzled.

'Because it was the right thing to do, okay Master?' she explained, then threw her arms round me and hugged me tightly, leaning her head on my chest, 'thank-you Master. I love you so much.'

II

We stood there for a while, holding each other, until Juni finally pulled away.

'I think it's time we went back to the inn, Master, unless you'd like to sleep in here?' She raised her right eyebrow, giving me a good look at her bright green eye in the torchlight.

'I don't think that'll be good idea,' I replied, 'I'd prefer a bed to sleep in, thank you.'

'Me too,' she smiled, then turned round and began rummaging through the contents of the cart behind her, which I only just realised was the one we travelled on. Shortly, she pulled out a small cloth bag, 'there we go. Shall we go back now Master?'

'Yes please,' I said, and as she put out the torches, we walked to the entrance of the stables, before quickly running across to the inn again, both of us shivering in the cold wind as it blew down the road before us. Thankfully it didn't take long before we were back inside the inn, though I needed to go and spend a couple of minutes before the fire to warm myself up again first.

'What's the matter, darlin'?' one of the men said from behind me, 'you frozen your cute little ass off?'

Unfortunately for him, by this time I'd had enough, and so I turned round and glared at him as best as I could. Thankfully he shut up, though continued to stare at me, (of course). Juni then joined me and explained she'd got a room, holding the key up in front of her to prove it.

'Good,' I told her, then waved my hands towards the people around us 'let's go - this lot's starting to annoy me.'

As we got up to leave, a lot of the men complained that we weren't staying for the orgy they wanted to start with us, well, me, by the sounds of it. 'Tough shit,' though, is all could say to them as we quickly left the room and into the second part of the inn.

As we turned the corner in front of the door outside to the toilets, facing a corridor with a number of doors on each side, I asked her which room we had.

'It's the one on the end on the top floor apparently,' she said, 'it's all they had left. Better than nothing, though, Master?'

'Yes,' I replied, grabbing her left wrist, before dragging her up the wooden stairs next to and over the outside door, which she didn't complain about.

After we eventually reached the door to the room, (with a bit of huffing and puffing from Juni), she gave me the key and I unlocked the door and went inside. The room, as you'd expect, didn't contain much. It was similar to a room at Jemila's inn, and contained a bed against the right wall, a table on the opposite wall, a small cupboard by the bed under the window opposite, and a chair next to the table and by the door.

I walked into the room, took my belt and sword off, and hung it on the back of the chair with a sigh, as Juni lit the large candle that was sitting on the table, using the already lit time candle standing next to it to do so. (Time candles never give off as much light as normal candles for some reason, but they last a lot longer, (two to four days depending on the size), with red bands on them to show every six hours and a thicker band to show a day).

I hate to say it, but the thought of what was going to, or even supposed to happen with Juni didn't really make me feel excited at all; in fact, I didn't really feel like doing anything much, except for going to bed and sleeping. I felt like a rest, even though I hadn't really done anything today. Maybe the bit of excitement in the stable had something to do with it, I wondered, though why I should feel quite so exhausted just from what I'd done that day, I really couldn't say. In the end, though, I just stood there, looking out of the window, which had one of its shutters open, letting the cold moonlit air waft in and around us as it blew past the inn and downstream.

Looking at the dark shape of the mountains across the river just made me realise that I really wasn't at home anymore, and probably added to the nervousness I was feeling. In fact, over the next few seconds looking out at the dark shadows of rocks, I began to wonder what I was really doing here, and even though I had Juni with me, I felt quite lonely. I felt as though everything had been moving too fast for me, as though I was stuck in a river and being carried away, from the time I'd spent with my mother until the moment then, and I didn't get the feeling it was about to stop. I didn't like it at all.

It was probably pretty obvious to Juni that I was nervous, or upset about something.

'What's the matter, Master?' she asked as she sat on the bed, looking at me.

'I don't know,' I replied, as I stepped over and closed the shutter, blocking the air and view of the mountains.

'Don't know?' Juni replied, 'what don't you know, Master? Don't you know if you need me to fuck you? Because if that's the case I can definitely tell that you do.'

'What don't I know?' I turned round and leaned back against the wall by the table, next to the corner by window, facing Juni, then shrugged with my hands in the air, 'I don't know anything!'

With that last word I felt a great deal of energy leave me, as if I'd been holding it all in for a long time; it felt quite draining, and also made me feel quite sad.

'I really don't know anything,' I said as I slumped back into the wall, almost pleading with Juni as she sat opposite, staring at me, 'I'm fucking useless as a swordswoman, really useless as a lover,' I paused at that point, as thinking about Alnia, even briefly, made me feel far worse, and it took me a moment to catch my thoughts again, 'and I don't know why you want me as a Master, since I'll be totally fucking useless at that too!'

After that I'd slumped down so far I was now sitting on the floor, and I cried my eyes out, leaning my head on my arm, braced against my bent legs.

Juni got up and stepped over, trying to do her best to comfort me, but I wasn't interested in her help at that point and pushed her back to the bed.

'Go away,' I told her, 'go find a better fucking Master, I'm useless. I don't want to be a Master, anyway.'

'Aww, Master,' she said, in such a way that I had to look up at her, and to my surprise at the time, she was crying too, 'you're not useless, you wouldn't have been able to help me if you were, now would you? And why don't...'

'But I am,' I said, before she had a chance to finish, still trying to convince her, 'I'm... I'm...' I struggled to come up with a word that would describe what I was feeling at the time, until it finally came to me. 'I'm thick, aren't I?' I said, looking up at her, as it seemed that what I was thinking finally made sense.

'Aww, Master,' she replied again, 'you can't be that thick, now, can you? You don't seem to have problems talking to me or anything.' She thought for a few seconds with her face screwed up a bit in concentration, 'do you know how to count, Master?'

'A bit, I suppose,' I answered, 'I can count to a hundred.'

'Hmm, of course, money,' she said, 'can you do any arithmetic?'

'Aritha-what?' I asked.

'Oh, er, sums, you know, adding up or taking away?'

'Oh,' I said, finally understanding, 'well I can do a bit of that but it's hard. Have to be careful though, or people can take money from you.'

'Exactly,' she said, 'so, I'm assuming you've had lessons on how to write, too, yes?'

'Write?' I replied, surprised, though I shouldn't have been, really, 'oh no, I've never been taught anything like that. If I wanted to learn that I'd have to go all the way to Midston, and it's too far to learn anything properly.'

'You've never been taught how to write?' Juni seemed astonished by that, jumping up on her feet in front of me, 'so you don't know any letters or words or anything?'

I shook my head, 'nope.' I was actually beginning to feel rather afraid by then, wondering what she was going to think of me, though also happy and hopeful that she might not actually want me as a Master after all... Well, I did tell her I was thick!

By now she was pacing back and forth in front of me, thinking, before stopping and looking down at me, 'who's the so-called knowledge teacher in Bymeatonsfield?'

'Knowledge teacher?' I asked, trying to think of what she meant, and remember what other people in the village had said about that before, 'oh, that's right, Mr Landson's wife used to be the knowledge teacher, but she died ages ago, and no-one's replaced her yet.'

'Ages ago? How long ago was that?'

'Oh, ages -- when I was little.'

'So you've been without a knowledge teacher for years? Probably over a decade even?'

'Dec...?' I began, but she continued speaking.

'Oooh, that just so WRONG!' she said, balling her hands into fists, and pacing back and forth again, 'if I wasn't on bad terms with the Marlands right now, I'd go back to Millton and give them a piece of my mind!'

She paced back and forth for a while, slowly letting all her anger out, before stopping and looking down at me again, 'I guess I'll have to send them a nasty letter instead, and maybe to... Oh well, you don't really need to know all that, Master.'

Her face softened, and she smiled, holding her arms out to me, 'come here Master, I'm so sorry about all that. If you want, Master, I'll teach you. I can teach you to write and count properly and arithmetic and everything, and then you won't be thick anymore, will you?'

She seemed really happy about that; so happy she started to cry again. I stood up and she immediately stepped over and threw her arms round me and hugged herself to my chest, pulling me away from the wall towards her.

'I love you Master, I love you so much. I'm so glad I found you Master. I want to help you learn everything, and then you'll be the bestest Master ever, just like you should!' she said into my chest, with a large smile on her face.

I just stood there, looking down at her we held each other, wondering just what I'd done to deserve someone like her. Who was I kidding? I didn't deserve her! Shak knows why she chose me, and why it was all happening this way, I thought, but then I realised I was getting so tired I didn't really care anymore.

'So, Master,' she eventually spoke, and looked up at me, 'can I make love to you now? Or would you prefer me to fuck you instead? I can tell you still need it.'

I don't think I'd ever felt as afraid as I did then, but it was nothing I felt like I could control -- it was just a direct reaction to what she'd said.

III

I just stood there staring at Juni in fear, realizing that I'd backed up to the wall as I felt it press against me, but Juni still held me, and I couldn't get away.

'Master?' she asked, with a more serious face on her now, wondering what was happening, 'why are you so afraid? Don't you like sex or something?'

'I don't know!' I replied again, echoing what I'd said before.

We just stood there for a moment, staring at each other, until her face changed and she started to smile, as it was obvious she understood.

'Hmm, Master,' she said, softly, 'how many times have you actually had sex before? You know, proper sex, with something inside you?'

'Err,' I replied, again afraid of what she'd think, 'once? With my Mother, and a... her...' I don't know why but for some strange reason I felt ashamed to talk about it in normal explicit terms, even though I normally wouldn't, and shouldn't have been, right then.

'Aww, Master,' she said again, then stood up straight, and kissed me, which took me by surprise. She didn't stop for a while, though, which gave me a chance to get my thoughts back and actually start to enjoy the kiss. Neither or us used our tongues, and it was lip contact only, but it was still rather wet, and I have to admit the sensations I felt from her lips against mine, as we slowly rubbed them together, were actually really nice. She felt a bit different, and also tasted a bit different to Alnia, but at that moment in time, I wasn't really thinking about that -- I was just lost in Juni's world then, as I slowly began to realise that yes, I actually really did need what she was offering.
