 Well, as I said before – I've been working on something for this part, but unfortunately, this part got a little too long for me to include it. Next part, promise!

I've also been working on a map of Misiland, (in MS Paint). The map (and the link to what it is I've been working on ;) ) can be found on 'my' facebook page for Phillippa Tryndal. (Note: Tryndal is definitely not my real name – it's from the story ;) ). I've had to change a bit in the first part of my story in order for it to be consistent with the map, though, and have also added the facebook info to that post too, which I've now.

One other thing I've realised while working everything out for this story, while typing out each part in turn, is just how long this story is obviously going to be – in some ways, the trip to Evendale and back that these parts are about are almost an extended introduction, and it's taking far longer to write than I expected – (I'm already at ~50k words, and as I said, it feels like I'm only just getting started – (which is probably why some of these parts are proving to be fairly hard to write, too, and also seem to be getting longer - so much so, that I've decided to split this part into two, as I said above)).

A Morning Of Thought And Reflection

Note: It has become noticeable, after re-reading some of the story I've written previously, that the style of my writing has been changing since I started. With the support and help of both the scribe and storyteller, I apparently started off writing quite formally, and fairly 'stiffly', but since then, as I've gotten more familiar with my task and the language itself, and my confidence has grown with it, my writing seems to have become more 'relaxed' and informal too. Unfortunately, however, my writing still seems to invite complaints from the storyteller, in that I'm never 'descriptive' enough.

(Indeed, the command of 'more descriptive' has become so common, that at the way this is going, I can imagine it appearing on my grave-stone – ('Here lies Kathina Tryndal (etc.) – who died while in bed with her wife. 'More Descriptive!'') Well, it gives me a chuckle when I think about it, anyway).

I feel I must therefore apologise to anyone who feels that I'm not being descriptive enough when they're reading my story, but I can only say that I'm trying, honestly, to do the best I can. As I said in the main introduction, however, trying to find the balance between writing as a matter of record and making it sexy and erotic is really hard. I feel like I get too caught up in the former, and then have trouble getting in the right mood for the latter. I'm hoping that since these parts are about Juni, rather than Alnia, however, it might get a little easier – (I hope!).

Anyway, back to the story:

I

As you can probably imagine, by the time I woke up the next morning, there was already bright sunshine, (if a bit cloudy), outside, and it was obvious that everyone else would have left without us, (unless they happened to sleep-in too!). I found myself lying on my back, my head and body feeling quite stiff as I lay there, on top of a dark brown cloth sheet, but underneath another, thicker cloth blanket, that still felt a bit rough, and wasn't, (I thought), as nice as the cloth my Mum makes. (Well, I would think that, wouldn't I?). My left arm, (that had fallen asleep itself), was caught lying beneath Juni's warm neck, pressing against the wall behind her. She was lying on her side, facing me, smiling quite happily as she slept on top of it. Maybe that was why I thought she looked younger, almost child-like as she lay there, and stayed asleep as I managed to pull my arm out from under her.

I then got up and stretched, still feeling a bit sore from the night before, and also feeling a bit cooler without the blanket and Juni next to me. I never once thought about putting any clothes on, though, of course. I like the feeling of being able to stretch and move without any cloth over me, either due to its weight or its restrictive nature, and, yes, I'll be honest, I like it when other women look at me, aswell. Well, okay, the men too, I admit, though that's about as far as that goes, okay? Happy now?

Standing there afterwards, thinking about all of what happened the night before, however, still made me feel a bit confused, though of course I finally knew and understood exactly why Alnia had sent me along, and it wasn't for the money – (though it would probably help!) – she just wasn't going to tell me that before, now was she?

Juni looked so peaceful and happy, as she just lay there in front of me, quietly breathing, with the blanket pushed further down her body, as I'd left it, with her hands held up next to her face, hiding her breasts from view. I felt quite sorry and sad, looking at her, that after what she given me the night before, I was still stood here thinking of Alnia, instead. It just didn't seem fair, that I could stand here and admire Juni for what she'd done for me, and yet still, deep down, wish I was with Alnia instead. I seem to be really good at confusing myself, don't I?

As I was standing by the window, I decided to open it a little, again letting the cool air waft in and around me. I looked at the short part of the road leading back to Meatonfork, before it turned behind the mountain where it went further down the valley through the trees, to home, where I'd been only yesterday, which of course got me thinking about Alnia even more – about being with her – properly – not just as her girlfriend, but even as her wife. Maybe now I'd actually be able to do something worthy of her – to finally make her happy, as I'd completely failed to do before. Why I'd spent so many times with my mother before finally getting together with Alnia, I still didn't know. And even then it took my mother's arrangement to finally make it happen!

What Alnia said before still echoed round my thoughts. I know Mum liked me to help make her cum, and it was only natural that she finally did the same for me, even if, as Alnia said, it should have all happened long before that, and been with her, instead!

I sighed.

Thinking about what had happened (or not) between us still made me sad, as I stood there thinking about all the things I could and should have done before to fix all that, but really didn't know and understand. My Lord, how fucking stupid and blind I'd been! But then, that was obviously why she'd sent me away with Juni in the first place...

I didn't know what love was? Maybe she was right about that, after all. 

I sighed again.

'Good morning Master,' Juni said, and I looked round and saw her waking up, stretching out her arms and having a good yawn as she sat up, watching me, her hair all bunched up and unruly - another good reason for keeping it nice and short! Her breasts looked so beautiful as they jiggled when she sat up, so nice and round and soft and warm, and oh so wonderful! What I'd give for breasts like that! To feel Alnia's head lying on them, her hands squeezing and holding them. A baby suckling them... I almost felt like crying.

Juni leaned her head to her left, as she looked at me, 'what's the matter, Master? Are you missing your girlfriend now? What's her name? Alnia? You want to go back to her and fuck her like that too, like I showed and did for you, Master?'

Juni grinned at me, showing no malice or jealousy whatsoever – it was obvious her suggestion was honest and completely sincere. And very, very tempting... It really wasn't fair, was it, to either Juni or Alnia that I felt I had to choose between them right then? I really didn't feel like I deserved either of them right then, either, which just made me feel even worse.

'Of course I miss her,' I said, looking at her smile, almost feeling jealous of her being so happy, 'but...'

I knew it wasn't fair to Juni to even think about leaving her, now, after what she'd done for me the night before. I knew I had to repay her, somehow, and that leaving for Alnia wasn't the right choice to make, regardless of how accepting she was of it. If anything, I felt like I owed everyone for what Juni had done, to show everyone how happy I could make them, as I should have done before now. No, it wasn't or hadn't been fair to anyone, and yet the choice I had to make, when I thought about it, was obvious...

'But what? You can have the money if you want it, Master? I don't need much just to get to Evendale from here,' she said, reaching for her belt, and missing the point completely.

'I can't,' I said, though it probably sounded like I was complaining, and her hand froze before she grabbed her belt.

'Why not? I know it'll make you happy.' She was starting to look a bit worried, as though I'd be hurt if I had to accept it. She lowered her hand back to the bed. I didn't like that at all – I wanted to make her happy, though I knew the choice I'd made would do so, once I'd explained it to her.

'Because I promised,' I said, throwing my arms up in the air, 'okay? I promised I'd escort you to Evendale, and I meant it. If I can't do something like that after I promise to, then what's the point in doing anything.'

After all, if I'm going to be a swordswoman, or even just a member of the local militia, then I need to keep the promise that I can and will actually do the job in the first place! If I can't keep a simple promise like this one to begin with, then what's the point?

'Aww, Master...'

'Do you have to keep calling me that?' I was starting to get a bit fed up of it. I really felt that I hadn't done anywhere near enough to even begin to earn such a title from anyone, let alone from her.

She looked so sad at that, that it looked like she was going to cry, in fact, she did cry a little, with her eyes moistening, 'I should call you that, Master, because you are...'

Damn-it! I had a feeling that even if I went back home now, she'd still come and see me after visiting Evendale to talk to her mum. I didn't deserve that sort of attention, or even affection from her, I felt, at least not right then! If anything it was she who was my teacher, my instructor in sex and fucking, love and affection, and helping me to understand just how much I yet to truly learn about life in general. And if she can teach me even more than that, such as writing and reading, then... How could I possibly be her Master? It became obvious to me then, just how much I needed her, even if I couldn't possibly understand just how much she also needed me, because I didn't, couldn't fully understand why. It wasn't fair, and I knew it, but the choice had already been made.

I sighed, and felt my stomach rumble – I was definitely in the mood for some breakfast, and said so.

'You don't want another fuck first, then Master?' Juni asked, grinning.

I just stared at her, naked breasts or otherwise, wondering if she was joking or not, 'I'm still fucking sore after last night,' I complained, 'and I'm fucking starving, so there.' I stuck my tongue out at her, making me grin – I couldn't stay mad at her looking as happy as she did, but some things are more important than that - 'I'm getting some food!'

It was true – I definitely did feel a bit sore - though, if I had to be honest, it wasn't that bad. My stomach rumbled though, letting me know that that certainly was. I think even Juni heard it too.

'Good idea, Master,' she said, grinning again, 'I'll tidy up here so you can go, then.'

'Good,' I said, being glad that there was another good reason for being with her – to let take care of simple things like that – (tidying up and fetching things and other menial tasks, that yes, I normally hated having to do - (does anyone enjoy them?)). So I wandered out of the room, after putting my sandals on, and walked downstairs to the main part of the inn, stopping at the toilet - (where did that word come from, I wondered?) - on the way.

I have to say that there are definitely times when I just stop and think about the words I've just used or thought of - maybe that they're funny, or wonder where they came from, wondering how old they are, or if we'd invented them ourselves. I didn't really know much about language in general, at this time, of course, only what I'd learned and picked up along the way. (Don't ask how many revisions and mistakes I make when writing this – if it wasn't for the scribe, it'd be unreadable!) As I said to Juni, reading and writing had never been anything I'd been taught – (I was always too busy learning to fight, or just playing with the others – usually Alnia). I'd never really thought that I was missing anything, though, until then, with Juni, where it all came flooding in – realising just how much I'd been missing, how much emptiness my life really had, that should have been filled with love, and emotion and language and knowledge, and probably lots of other things too – not just sword-fighting.

Even then, as I went to pee into a hole in the ground in a small little stone room, (that was lit by sunlight through small gap in the upper wall, that was also flanked with unlit candles for when it was dark, next to the other side of the inn, almost separate, but by the door next to the stairs), (see – descriptive!), I still wondered exactly what Juni could actually do to help me, and if I was worth helping and teaching in the first place... If anything, I was worried that it might be too late, that I wouldn't be able to learn anything properly any more, that I couldn't be helped, and should just leave everyone behind and go to the academy at Evendale. Maybe I should just go there now, and forget about everything and everyone else? But that wouldn't be fair, either! Maybe teacher was right, that I was worthy of being a teacher myself, and that Master Vatton could train me further to help others learn to fight the Orcs, too? I knew I'd have to fight the Orcs myself, at some point, and if anything, it was something I probably should have done by then, or very soon, given my age. I wasn't really afraid of that, though I knew, deep-down, that surviving wouldn't be easy, or even likely, if I was to join the army properly, rather than be a teacher, instead.

I hadn't really been told much about the Orcs, only that they were similar to us, but with many more of them, even untrained, it was a hard struggle to keep them at bay. Our training and equipment were the main reasons we hadn't already been invaded, everyone, including teacher, told us, to help ensure that we paid attention during our lessons.

As I washed my hands in the cold bowl of water nearby, after filling it and then emptying it into the hole, (we'd learned a long time ago why cleaning our hands afterwards was a good idea!), I realised I felt quite lonely and sad, again.

I really did need Juni to help cheer me up, didn't I?

II

The innkeepers/women were busy cleaning up after everyone had left this morning, though they seemed to be about finished by the time I wandered in.

'Oh, hello there,' the older women said, looking up at me, though slowly, getting a good eyeful of my body, and smiling as she swept the floor in front of me and the door with her long-handled wooden broom. She had dark brown hair that was slowly turning grey, and wore a grey robe, that was wrapped tightly around her body, probably just while she was cleaning. 'I'm not too surprised you missed them leaving this morning, given how much noise you were making late last night. It was you screaming, wasn't it?'

To say I went bright red as I blushed would probably an understatement, which she noticed of course, 'errr...' It did help me feel a little better, and I couldn't stop smiling.

'Oh, don't be so embarrassed! I mean, look at you, if you turned any redder than that, the birds would eat you, thinking you were a juicy red berry. No, there's nothing to be embarrassed about being fucked like that, trust me. We were all so jealous of you last night – you made us all cum lots too! I bet you're pretty hungry now, though, aren't you? Need to get all your energy back, no doubt, yes?'

She stopped sweeping and dragged me over to a table in front of the bar, then stepped round the bar and into the kitchen behind.

'What would you like to eat?' she asked, sticking her head out so I could see, 'we've got some fruit left – you should eat that up, so go on then.'

She brought an apple and a pear out and put them on the table in front of me.

'We've also got some oats for porridge if you want some, and some honey to go in it too, if you prefer?'

'Hmm,' I said, 'that sounds like a good idea.' She sounded pretty cheerful, and it definitely helped my mood somewhat.

I picked up the pear and stated eating, getting pretty gooey from the juices – it was definitely ripe, though not too surprising this late in the season. I was trying to lick my hands clean, when the woman brought me a cloth instead, before returning to the kitchen. I noticed that the two other women – her daughters I assumed – (though for some reason I thought of them as 'girls' at the time), including the one I'd argued with yesterday, kept busy cleaning, wearing similar robes, but were keeping an eye on me, too. I was already feeling disappointed that everyone had covered themselves up so much – I like looking at naked women, even if they're as old as the innkeeper was here, though I couldn't imagine she was any older than Jemila, and I thought she looked pretty good for her age! I guess being around naked women makes me happy, and there's nothing wrong with that, now, is there?

'You can have a bit of milk if you want it?' the woman asked again from the kitchen as she cooked my porridge, 'you can have it to drink, or I can just throw it in the porridge if you want?'

Well, it was obvious that at least someone was trying to be friendly after all that happened yesterday, which was good, and helped me feel better too, at least initially. Unfortunately, thinking about that then led me to remember both what happened with Lori, and also with those two youths we had trouble with too. Hmm. I guess Lori left with the others, so I couldn't apologise to her now, which was a pity – I really should have apologised to her before, shouldn't I?

'Whatever you want to do with it,' I replied, not being too bothered about drinking it, since I had my hands full with the apple at that time, and assumed that she'd just throw it in the porridge since she was there, which she did.

I'd just about finished the apple by the time she brought the porridge out in a large brown bowl for me, and it definitely looked nice and hot too. If anything it was far too much for just me, and I said so.

'Oh, don't you be worrying about that, now,' she said, 'I'm sure your lady-friend can help you eat it too. Ah, here she is.'

She then glanced up, and so I turned around to see Juni walk in, holding my belt and sword as she did so, along with her bag, and wearing her robe and belt. I grinned at her, knowing what the bag contained. Juni seemed to have a knack of making me smile, it seemed, which I realised was also a good thing, though it would have been so much better if she hadn't worn her robe. The woman then took the remains of the pear and apple off me and, after opening a shutter fully, next to the door, threw them out the window pretty hard – they probably made it across and down to the river. I found myself hoping they'd wash up somewhere and make another nice apple or pear tree – or maybe even both...

'You wouldn't want to forget this, now, would you Master?' Juni said as she came over, laying my belt and sword on the end of the table, next to me, on my left, as she walked round behind me and sat to my right.
