 This attempt could not fail. Mating season was almost over. I felt the need pulsing through my skin. It was already vibrating lightly.  I hope he didn’t notice. It was hard enough maintaining a female human figure in a normal situation, trying to do it while nervous and aroused was another story altogether. After countless attempts to procreate with a human male, I was beginning to give up hope. My people were counting on me. If we couldn’t find a race to mate with soon, we would cease to be. 

I had taken my time with this one. I studied his responses to their mating videos to see what he approved of and how best to go about obtaining his semen. I just hope I did not scare this one away. My energy levels were rising and the need to succumb to his heat was driving me mad. I could almost taste his flesh in my mouth. I had to contain myself. I needed his semen in my womb and I couldn’t guarantee a second chance.

I had been sure to dress accordingly: white lace panties, garter belt and bra under a silk chemise.  He seemed to enjoy pretending I was innocent. I left my long ebony hair down and flowing against my back so that he would have something to hold onto. Choosing a body that he would respond to wasn’t easy, but I thought I had done well enough. 

Walking across the room to the chair he was seated in, I unfastened my chemise and let it fall to the floor. The closer I got to him the hotter my skin felt. I felt my nipples harden with need. As I reached his side, I dropped down to my knees. Bowing my head, I looked shyly up at him.  “I want to taste you. I need to taste you. I want to stroke you with my tongue and feel you throbbing within me.” Oh please let me have said that right! If I failed now, it was all over for me. 

Instead of responding vocally, he unfastened his pants and released his hard throbbing cock. Wrapping his hands in my hair, he guided my mouth to the tip, already dripping in anticipation. Lapping up the dewy substance with the tip of my tongue, I gloried in my success. It wasn’t over yet, but I was at least on my way to reaching my goal. I could feel him tensing beneath me, growing more with each caress. I grasped hold of him with my left hand, running my thumb along the base of his shaft. Bucking his hips, he thrust into my mouth. He had reached his full potential. Now was the time and yet, I couldn’t seem to stop. I really did need to taste him. I curled my tongue around him, stroking him with my mouth. He kept his hands tangled in my hair, using it to control my head. In and out, deeper and deeper he forced himself, until he reached deep into my throat. I put as much suction on his cock as I could and pulled back, sucking every ounce of moisture off of him as I went. 

Leaning back, I looked up at him, licking my lips to let him know I enjoyed every drop. His eyes were glazed over; his breathing was fast and shallow. I knew he couldn’t take much more. I had him now. He knew it, I knew it, and there was no getting around it. 

I took his hand and placed it between my legs. My panties were dripping wet. He leaned over, placed his lips directly over my clit, and sucked some of the moisture out of the cloth. My knees started shaking, but I couldn’t let him get the upper hand. 

I climbed onto his lap, straddling him and the chair. I lowered myself until my wet dripping lips were just barely touching him and started to move my hips back and forth. My panties were still on and the fabric caused the most wonderful sensations for us both. His head fell back on the chair and he grabbed my hips with his hands, pushing himself up against me as hard as he could. He didn’t look like he could hold on much longer, and I knew I couldn’t. This had started out as a forced mating, and now I just wanted him deep inside of me. 

He reached down between us, brushing against my pussy, causing me to flinch with the delicious agony of it. Wrapping his fingers around my panties he snatched them off and tossed them on the floor.  In one fluid movement he was embedded deep inside me. I screamed, partially in pain, but mostly in pleasure. I never knew it would feel so good. 

Once again placing his hands on my hips, he dug his fingers into my flesh and lifted me up. I whimpered wanting him back inside of me. Reading my mind, he slammed back into me, forcing another scream out of me. I grabbed hold of his shoulders and held on. As he slammed into me over and over, my nails dug into his shoulders. I could feel him tensing inside of me. The muscles inside of me clenched repeatedly, squeezing him deeper within. As he lifted me up once again, he placed his thumb on my clit, applying more pressure to the already oversensitive area. 

Stars danced in my head, and I couldn’t see anymore— I could only feel. He thrust one final time and flooded my insides with warmth. Just the heat alone caused my body to contract and to explode with feelings. I couldn’t stop moving. He was barely breathing and I couldn’t stop moving back and forth over him, rubbing my clit over him again and again. I didn’t think it would stop. 

Finally, the sensation ebbed enough for me to collapse on top of him. Both of us were covered in sweat and were a step away from comatose. I kissed his neck and whispered my thanks into his ear. I enjoyed the feel of his arms around me for a few more minutes, knowing soon I’d have to leave. Tomorrow, he would think I was only a dream. He’d eventually forget all about me. I on the other hand, would never forget him. Even now I held a part of him inside of me. Soon, I would welcome his child. Too bad he’d never know…