 Copyright May 2011 John Carter

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.





"So, how did your date go, tonight?" Eric asked as he finished ringing up the last of Jake's items.

"How do you think?" Jake replied, dismay clearly 

written across his face.

"That bad, huh?"

"Yeah, this girl was worse than the last one. Why can't I find someone who knows how to fuck? I would love to meet a girl that actually knows what she is doing. Someone who doesn't just lay there and make noises. Is that too much to ask?" Jake could hear the whine in his voice now. He hated that whine.

"Man, what you need is an older woman. You need someone with experience, if you know what I mean. You need someone like... her." Eric nodded his head down the candy aisle.

Jake followed his eyes and saw a very attractive, middle-aged woman bent over, looking at the assortment of beef jerky that lay on the shelves of the convenience store. Her long, silver hair hung down the right side of her face. Her breasts pressed against her shirt, tightening it over her chest. Her legs were thick, Jake imagined from running, and her jeans clung to them tightly.

Eric leaned across the counter and whispered in Jake's ear. "Holy shit, dude. She is fucking hot."

Jake nodded in agreement and his eyes continued to follow the curves of her body. Suddenly, with a burst of courage he started walking over to her. 

"Is there anything I can help you with, ma'am?" Jake was standing close enough that he could smell her perfume, a sweet scent that drove his senses wild.

"I was just browsing, actually." She replied.

"Oh, well, if you want my opinion, these are the best candy bars they sell here." Jake reached down and grabbed a chocolate bar filled with peanuts and nougat. "Here, this one is on me."

The woman smiled and reached over and grabbed the candy bar, removed the wrapper, and slid half of it into her mouth through pursed lips. She then pulled most of it out and bit down gently, severing the end of it. "You are right, this is a pretty good candy bar." She said, chewing softly.

Jake could feel his cock getting hard and pressing painfully against his jeans as she stepped close to him. "Want some?" she asked.

Jake nodded and leaned forward to embrace her. 

She fell into his arms and slid her tongue into his mouth. He reached up behind her and fisted her hair, pressing her tongue deeper into his. Her hands reached around to Jake's back and squeezed his ass, pulling his throbbing cock against her body and moaning. This was what Jake had been looking for, a woman who knew how to take charge. 

Jake was so turned on that he forgot that they were in a convenience store and he slid his hands over her ass, picked her up and carried her over to one of the tables that were reserved for customers that were eating. He set her down on top of it and started to pull her shirt up over her head when he heard Eric's voice in the back of his mind.

"Dude. DUDE!" Eric was tugging on his shoulder now.

Jake came to his senses and realized that he had been dreaming. He also noticed that the woman with silver hair was not only looking straight at him now. There was also a man that looked like her very angry husband staring at him as well. 

Jake collected his thoughts and turned back around to Eric. "See you at the house later?"

"Definitely. You better get the fuck out of here before that guy bashes your head in."

Jake rushed out the door, jumped into his truck, and started heading east up Veterans Parkway.

Jake was still thinking about the woman he'd met at the gas station thirty minutes later as he crossed from Columbus into Harris County on the way to Cataula when he heard the explosion and felt the tires on the right side of his truck shred. He swerved slightly to avoid careening into the left lane, flipped on his emergency lights, and slowed to a stop on the side of the road.

He stepped out of the truck, walked around the front and stared down at the tires, or at least, what was left of them.

Fuck

He looked around and realized he was at least a fifteen minute walk to nearest gas station and, since it was a nice night and he had forgotten his cell phone at the house anyway, decided he would hoof it. He locked his doors, grabbed his flashlight and started walking.

He had only been walking for about five minutes when he suddenly had the urge that he was not the only one out there at two o'clock in the morning. He flipped on his flashlight and started shining into the woods, first on his left side, then on his right. He panned across the road and his heart stopped. He tried to convince himself that he hadn't seen what he thought he had but it was no use. He wasn't drunk or high and he wasn't sleepy, even though it was kind of late.

He panned his flashlight back to the right and it stopped on a set of green eyes that stared back at him from the darkness of the trees. He heart started beating faster and his hand started to tremble. He knew there was no use but it was the only thing he could think to do, so he ran into the woods.

Immediately he heard the footsteps behind him, keeping stride with him but not gaining on him. He started to scream but he had no voice, just dry, scratchiness. He ran for what seemed like an hour but in his mind he knew it had only been about five minutes when he realized that he no longer heard the footsteps behind him. He stopped to catch his breath and listened to the woods around him. He heard nothing.

He turned around in a full circle, looking at every tree to see if there was anything beside them. He didn't see anything but somehow he knew it was still out there, stalking him. He started backing up towards the road again then turned around to run and stopped dead in his tracks. There it was in front of him. 

He had heard that there were cougars in Harris County but he had never seen one in real life. If he had been looking at one on television or in a book, he would have been in awe of how graceful it looked. Its thick, tight body was covered with a brilliant silver coat that gleamed in the moonlight. Its eyes were the color of a meadow and almost seemed as if they could peer into his soul. It was a magnificent creature. Yet, somehow, when it was ten feet from him, its majesty was lost on him.

Before Jake had even had a chance to move, the cougar lunged at him. Instead of digging its claws into his chest, it merely pushed him over onto his back. He hit the ground with a thud that knocked the wind out of him. The cougar bent its head down to sniff him, moving it across his face then down to his chest. He was sure it was going to rip his chest open to get the tasty organs that were inside of it. Jake closed his eyes and prayed that it would be over quickly.

Suddenly, instead of ripping Jake's head from his shoulders and carrying it off into the moonlight, the cougar licked his face. Jake was really scared now. He wondered if the cougar was toying with him, tasting its meal before devouring it. The more the cougar sniffed and licked at him, the more Jake felt like he was going to explode.

"Would you just eat me, already?" Jake said in a rather bolder voice than he would have thought he could have conjured up in a moment like this.

Then a voice that he thought he recognized instantly came from above him. "I would prefer it if you ate me."

Jake slowly opened his eyes and on top of his 

chest, where the cougar had once been, was the silver-haired beauty from the gas station. Her eyes were as green as a meadow.

Jake couldn't believe his eyes. Less than an hour ago, he had been fantasizing about this woman, imagining the curves in her body and how his hands would feel against her skin, and now she was right on top of him. It was like a dream.

It is a dream. This has to be some sort of hallucination conjured up by my mind to help me deal with the fact that I am about to be torn to shreds. I am about to die and this is my mind's last ditch effort to give me some sort of peace before the gruesome end.

Jake was going over all of this in his mind when hands started caressing his face and neck. He opened his eyes and stared up at her in disbelief, still trying to decide whether he was dreaming or this was actually happening. She leaned down and her lips pressed softly against his and his mind went blank.

Jake reached up and fisted her hair and pulled her mouth against his, shoving his tongue into it with purpose. The kiss was unlike anything he had ever felt. It was like he had pressed his mouth against a transformer. Sparks flew in his mind and his lips burned against hers.

He leaned his torso up towards her and she grabbed the bottom of his shirt, pulling it above his head and revealing his powerful chest and abdomen. Jake spent many hours in the gym, keeping his body in check and making sure that he his stamina was up to par for just such an occasion as this. She forced him down onto his back and raked her hands across his chest, causing a mixed sensation of pain and pleasure. 

Her head bent down and her tongue moved from his collarbone to his nipples, playing with them gently before her teeth clamped down on them, sending another shock wave through his body. 

Electricity moved throughout Jake's body as she worked her way across his chest, biting and sucking, first one nipple, and then the other. Jake moaned. She moaned back, in agreement.

Jake could already feel his cock pushing against the front of his jeans, painfully. As if she sensed the discomfort he was feeling, or read his mind, the silver-haired woman slid to the side of him and started working to unbutton his jeans.

"Let's get these out of the way." She said as her hands pulled at his jeans until they were around his ankles, to be followed shortly by his boxers.

Jake's cock was throbbing now and the cool night air only served to make it even harder than it already was. Her fingers danced across his stomach and moved down the crease where his leg met his abdomen, caressing and tickling him. She took her hand and placed it firmly on his cock and stroked it slowly as her mouth fell upon his nipple again.

Once more, waves of electricity shot through Jake's body, starting at his chest and flowing all the way down to his legs. His body stiffened as the first waves or orgasm started to creep up from his balls. He knew that, if she continued to stroke him this way, he was going to come and he didn't want to come just yet.

"If you keep that up I'm gonna blow all over your hand and I am sure that isn't how you want this to end." Jake pleaded with her.

"What would you prefer then?" She asked in a soft, sultry voice that almost made Jake explode anyway.

"Well, I don't see a problem with fulfilling your request form earlier."

"What request would that be?" She asked.

"Lay on your back." Jake said.

The silver-haired lady complied and Jake used his feet to push his jeans and boxers the rest of the way off. He leaned over her and kissed her lips, dipping his tongue ever so softly into her mouth. His hands massaged her breasts and she moaned beneath his. He moved his mouth down to her chest, kissing and licking all over her breasts and paying special attention to her nipples. He moved from one to the other and back again, sucking and nibbling, as his hands continued to explore the rest of her body.

His mouth broke free from her breasts and his lips started to draw a path down towards her stomach. He could feel her anticipation as his mouth got closer to her mound, teasing and tickling her body. He moved to the inside of her thighs and started teasing them as well, drawing little letters and shapes with his tongue. Her scent was intoxicating.

"You smell so good baby. I don't know how much longer I can stay away from it." Jake whispered seductively.

She moaned again, inviting him in for a little taste. The silver-haired woman's body tensed as Jake used his tongue to draw the contour of her labia slowly, up one side and down the other. Her pussy secreted more juices and it was getting hard for Jake not to bury his face into it. He used his thumb to pull back her hood and reveal the tiny, pink button that he would use to send her over the edge of orgasm. Her fingers grasped the earth on either side of her in anticipation of what he would do next. 

Jake flicked his tongue across her clit a few times, teasing her, and felt her body twitch with every pass. Then he switched to long, languorous licks that started at the base of her hole and ended at the tip of her clit. With every lick he could feel her squirm more and more.

"Mmmmmm. You taste sooo good." She did too. Her salty sweetness made Jake's mouth water. The more he flicked his tongue, the more she pooled into it.

She moaned in response.

Jake stuck his forefinger and middle finger into his mouth, lubricating them, and then pressed them slowly into her crevice, pushing them deep until he found her g-spot. He slowly started to flick his tongue against her clit as his fingers brushed her on the inside. She was really starting to quiver now. He continued until he felt her walls start to contract against his fingers, signaling that she was close to orgasm. He put his mouth around her clit and started to hum, sending vibrations against her until her hand was pushing his head against her mound and her body was jerking against the earth.

"Oh, oh god. FUCK!" she screamed, filling Jake's mouth with her come as her body convulsed once more, pausing in the air, then went limp.

Jake's cock was so hard now that he felt he could have chopped wood with it. He adjusted himself and pressed the head into her slippery hole. As soon as his shaft was inside of her, he felt her walls contracting against it and her body convulsing again. She was so warm and slippery that it was almost over as soon as it started. 

Jake grabbed her breasts and cleared his mind, as to calm himself. He then started to move back and forth against her, pulling is cock out almost to the tip and then pressing it deep inside of her. Every thrust seemed like it was going to send her over the edge and felt like Jake was going to lose it.

Jake grabbed her legs and pushed her knees against her chest, lining her body up so that the head of his cock would tap her g-spot with every thrust. This really made her body start to shake. He felt her walls grab his cock as her body jerked repeatedly. He pressed her legs against her breasts as he started thrusting against her faster and harder. The harder he fucked her, the more she begged for it.

"Fuck me, Jake. Fuck my tight pussy hard." She begged him.

Jake was really worked up now and he felt her coming, her pussy squeezing his cock. His balls started to quiver and he knew it would not be long before he spilled his seed inside of her. 

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna come."

"Yes please, come inside of me, Jake. I need your come." She pleaded.

Jake's body convulsed in unison with hers as he exploded, spilling himself into her. He slumped down onto her and they lay on the cool earth, breathing heavily against each other until Jake passed out.

Jake awoke some time later next to his truck. He was fully clothed and the two tires that were previously shredded had now been replaced. As he stood, he was still trying to figure out if it had all been a dream or it had actually happened to him. It certainly felt real, but most dreams do. He stood up, opened the door of the cab and climbed in. He looked straight ahead for several minutes trying to make sense of everything.

Had had finally convinced himself that it was all been a dream when he saw something that made his breath leave his body. A cougar stood about two hundred feet to his right. Her green eyes stared deep into his and he thought he saw it smile before it finally ran off into the woods.