 Author's Note: I got some mixed feedback from the last chapter of the story, so I thought I'd include a warning, These stories aren't a lot of hardcore sex or anything seriously kinky, but there is cruelty and some non-consensual/reluctance included. If these are not your particular cup of tea, then this is not the story for you. Feedback is always appreciated so that my stories may become as enjoyable as possible for all my readers. Also all characters are at least 18 years old.




Alexandra woke up in a dark grungy cell, wearing only rags which hardly managed to cover her curvy figure. She felt a throbbing in her head and moved her hand to a particularly painful area on the top of her head. She discovered a large swollen bump and presumed that was the source of her pain. She tried to focus on something other than the pain, so that she might be distracted from its cruel touch.

She thought back to what had happened in the past few weeks and in particular days. She had been in her hide out in Makael, trying her best to take back the land from the shadows, when her best friend, assistant, and most trusted advisor Michael, warned her that their location had been discovered. He had figured out where they planned on taking her though, and came up with an intricate escape plan. 

After witnessing the cruelty of Maximus, her captor who was planning to sell her as a sex slave for rich nobles, she was forced to strip down to nothing, before being painfully spanked on her ass 20 times. During the event, her body had betrayed her and she began to feel something she hadn't had the pleasure of feeling in a long time, desire. Even though this man had been so cruel, all she wanted was for him to fill her holes and make her scream. But she had to stay focused and on task, because she had to poison him with her saliva. She had already tried spitting on him, but that wasn't working nearly fast enough, so when he mentioned that he was going to fuck her in every which way, she suggested starting with her mouth.

Max had wholeheartedly agreed, and whipped out his 12 inch monster of a dick. That was when she felt almost sad that he would be knocked out, because she needed some sort of relief from the agony of desire. After the paralysis toxin in her saliva had kicked in, she freed herself and the nine other sex slaves that were there. Though something was off with the others. At the start all of them had been sobbing because of their fear of the strange captor, but after they had witnessed the spanking, the sobs had a different sound to them, almost a moan. 

Alexandra snapped back to the present when she heard a voice that was quite familiar. It's tone ringing with cruelty. It sounded like it was from the cell to her right, so she scooted closer to the wall to try and hear more clearly. He was shouting angrily at nothing in particular, but there was no doubt in her mind that it was if Maximus, the man who had planned on selling her as a slave

Alexandra stepped away from the wall, when one of the large tiles under her foot collapsed and with a yelp she stumbled away from it, but turned to examine it. It was a large hole in the floor of her cell, certainly big enough to fit into, though it would be a tight squeeze. She got down onto her hands and knees and peered into the hole. It appeared to only be a couple feet down, though it looked like it veered off to lead somewhere else. 

She spent a few minutes debating with herself over whether or not to venture in, but finally, curiosity got the best of her and she crawled in. The tunnel was certainly not meant for someone with as large of breasts as her, but she managed to crawl through until she reached the destination of the tunnel, which seemed to be another cell, judging by the tile that was above her. She heard the angry swearing of Max over head and reached the grim realization that the tunnel leads to the cell of her worst enemy. She quickly crawled back to her cell, and tried to do her best job of putting the tile fragments back.

Alexandra went to sleep, while doing her best to cover the hole with her body. She slipped into very vivid dreams that were the events of what she couldn't forget, but also couldn't wrap her mind around:

"Alexandra had been leading the other nine women to where Michael was supposed to be, but there was definitely still something wrong with the situation. Alexandra couldn't stop thinking about Max's cock. She felt an emptiness that just needed to be filled in a place that hadn't been filled in a long time. The other women were acting weird also. Jessica was in front of her and her hands were at her own breasts, though not in a protective way, but instead more of a sexual groping sort of way. 

Alexandra just kept walking because she felt like the place Michael had described was over the grassy hill ahead. Suddenly a dull thud emanated from behind her, and she turned around to see that the women had dropped Max to the ground. 

"What's wrong? Why did you stop?" Alexandra asked to the three women who had been carrying Max. 

Kim, a tall oriental looking woman, spoke up, "We can't keep going without a little taste of something...anything. And I don't mean water." 

Alexandra knew exactly what the woman meant, and that was what made it so hard for her sanity to remain intact. Her grip on her sexual desires was already rapidly slipping without provocation, but now she started tuning out Kim's words, and instead focused on her two firm little breasts that were topped with perfect eraser sized nipples. Kim had been one of the two "unfortunate" people, who'd not only lost her top and bra, but the pants that she was wearing at the time. This left her in a pair of tiny pink panties, that were now soaked, and that fact was not lost on Alexandra.

To Alexandra's left, it appeared that two brunettes, had completely stripped nude, and were exploring each others' bodies with their hands and mouths. These actions seemed to inspire other actions among the women of the same sort. Suddenly Alexandra felt two hands slide up her hips and over the curve of her ass, before latching onto the loose waistband of the pants she had taken from Max. 

Alexandra held her breath in anxiety, as her urges fought against her better judgment. Her urges rapidly started winning, as she felt cool air graze the skin beneath the pants and undergarments. Her completely shaved and bare pussy lips were now exposed to Kim, who took the opportunity to get down on her hands and knees in front of Alexandra's most intimate region.

Alexandra turned her head to discover it was a now completely nude Jessica, who had lowered Alexandra's garments and was now working on freeing her two magnificent breasts from the prison of the tight fitting shirt. Alexandra's attention was returned to Kim, when she felt a warm air blow onto her clit, and make her juices flow even more noticeably. Kim was blowing on her erect clit which was begging for attention, though Kim was feeling the need to tease it, and came so close to latching onto the small bud with her tongue, but would stop short and just blow on it, before finally after what seemed like ages, her tongue grazed the clit, sending signals of pleasure coursing through Alexandra's body.

Alexandra wasn't able to take any more of the teasing, and thrust her hips forward to meet Kim's mouth. Kim responded by getting more aggressive and flicking her tongue at Alexandra's clit, while moving her hand up to rub Alexandra's pussy lips. Behind her Jessica had pulled off Alexandra's top, and was now massaging and kneading the breasts, as she kissed a trail up the back of Alexandra's neck. 

All of the attention to her body was really getting Alexandra going, and she was dripping juices straight onto Kim's fingers. Kim stuck her fingers into her mouth and licked off all of the juices, before moving her mouth straight to the source of the juices, greedily lapping at the outer lips like a cat. Her thumb moved up to the clit, to replace the absence of her mouth. Alexandra still felt so pent up sexually that she thought she might pop at any minute. 

Suddenly she felt Jessica's kisses move away from her neck, and then her hands were removed from her breasts. She turned around and saw that she was now focused on somebody else, though there was something off about the situation. It was a man, and he looked really familiar, except that it wasn't Max, because Max's nude body was passed out on the ground. It was someone else, and she knew him, but she couldn't think straight enough to put together who it was. The man glanced at her, and it was obvious that he recognized her too, but was too surprised to say a word.

Alexandra turned around completely, making Kim adjust and eat out her pussy from behind, but also exposing Alexandra's perfect body to the man who just stood with his mouth hanging open. Jessica had already taken off his shirt, revealing his broad shoulders and defined muscles which only highlighted his masculine face, and was now working on undoing his pants and freeing what lay below.

"A-A-Alexandra?" The man finally managed to get out of his stunned mouth, though Alexandra was too sexually focused to reply so all he got in response was a moan.

Jessica had managed to free his cock from the restraint of the prison called his pants. It revealed a hard but average six inch cock, which Jessica stroked a few times, making the man emit a small grunt of surprise, though he certainly didn't look ungrateful. Jessica turned around and guided the cock to her waiting pussy, since she looked ready to be filled. Alexandra watched the two, though the scene only added to the fuel of her pleasure, which Kim was making sure to keep alive by constantly fucking Alexandra's dripping pussy with her tongue. 

The man needed no further directions from Jessica, and he thrust his cock into her tight sheath, slowly at first, to test the waters, thought after the first thrust he started to speed up and push himself as far into her as he could, before drawing himself back out. Jessica leaned forward, and to Alexandra's surprise, grabbed hold of Alexandra's face and brought their lips together in an intimate and passionate kiss, charged with intense sexual emotion. Alexandra returned the kiss, and moved her hands up to Jessica's breasts and tweaked at the dark nipples with her thumb and finger.

Alexandra suddenly woke up to the loud banging on the iron bars of her cell. 

"Rise and shine bitch. Today is your first day in the arena. The good thing is, you've got a partner for it, and you just so happen to know him very well." A guard said as he opened up the door to her cell. Beside him, was the man whom she hated more than anything else on Ishaka. With his hands magnetically chained, Maximus stood waiting.

To be continued...