 As the sun rose on a cool spring morning, a young orc woman was taking her first steps on a long journey ahead, leaving the village she had grown up in behind her. Mazra had come of age in her village, meaning that she was free to explore the world as she wished. Her beautiful face was glowing with excitement at the possibilities that lay ahead for her. She had been looking forward to this day for many years now. She was finally a woman, yet still felt like an excited child, eager to see the world.

Setting off in the direction of the rising sun, Mazra hoped to reach the human town of Morning Hollow by early evening. With the warm sun shining upon her green face, she smiled at the thought of spending the night in an inn, with people who weren't orcs. The thoughts of noble humans, beautiful elves, strong dwarves, eccentric gnomes, and maybe even a few stoic centaurs ignited her imagination about the people she would meet on her travels.

Before long, Mazra grew tired from walking, and decided to rest along the side of a clear, blue spring. She had been walking for several hours now, and she judged by the location of the sun that it was about high noon. The day had grown hotter than she had expected, and the cool water of the spring was a much needed refreshment. Deciding that a nice swim would would do her body wonders on this hot day, she began to strip off her traveling clothes. Quickly diving in, the young orc sighed in relief, as the crisp water washed over nicely toned, yet womanly body.

Before she could fully relax, Mazra heard a rustling sound coming from the bushes behind her. Fearing that it was bandits or some other deadly foe, she swiftly climbed out of water. The young orc ran to her gear, drawing her axe. "Who goes there!" she shouted. "If you come out now, I won't hurt you!"

A few moments passed before a young human woman slowly emerged from her hiding place, her head hung in shame. She couldn't have been much older than Mazra. She wore simple clothing; a white shirt, a long brown skirt and a worn set of boots. The only threat she posed was the small knife on her belt, which Mazra would have no problem defending herself from, should this girl choose to attack.

Mazra lowered her axe a little. It was obvious this girl didn't intend to attack her, but Mazra didn't want to take chance just yet. "Tell me your name, girl!" Mazra commanded.

"A-Aela," the girl stammered. She was visibly shaking now, obviously worried that Mazra would cleave her in two.

"Where are you from, Aela?" Mazra asked, softening her voice slightly.

"M-morning Hollow," Aela replied, still shaking. Tears began to run down her face, soaking into her long black hair.

Mazra dropped her axe with the rest of her gear. It was obvious this girl meant no harm. "I am Mazra, of the Wolf Heart Clan," the orc woman said, stepping toward Aela. "You have no need to be frightened of me, girl. The axe was just a precaution."

Aela stopped shaking, but still did not make eye contact with the stronger woman. "I-I'm sorry to have intruded upon you," Aela stuttered. "I didn't know you were here."

Mazra stepped closer to Aela, now being within a few inches of her. Standing a full head taller than Aela, the orc wrapped the human into a comforting hug, her wet form dampening Aela's clothes. "There was no harm done," Mazra said in a calming, almost motherly, voice. "Now tell me: what is that you're doing this far away from your town. Surely, your family is worried."

Aela finally turned her head up to look at Mazra, her green eyes meeting the orc's red ones. "I was actually looking for this stream," she said, allowing herself a small smile. "It has been a favorite place of mine since I was a little girl."

Mazra grinned back at her. "Well, then!" She said, breaking the embrace. "Why don't we enjoy this spot together for a while. I was merely taking a break on my journey to Morning Hollow, and some company would be nice, especially someone from my destination." Mazra quickly returned to her place in the water before turning to Aela. "Well? Are you going to join me, or not?"

Aela quickly stripped off her clothes, before climbing into the stream. She smiled, as the cool water splashed against her small, perky breasts. "I'm sorry about sneaking up on you, Mazra," she said, after a brief silence.

"Hm?" Mazra replied. "Oh. Don't worry about it. I was just a little startled by your presence, that's all."

"No, I really mean it. I should have made my presence known. Or I should have just left. Instead, I chose to... watch you." Aela said, her voice growing more hesitant as she spoke. "Perhaps... perhaps I could make it up to you."

Mazra looked at the other girl, confused. Aela was visibly shaking. "What do you me-" the orc started to say, but was cut off with a kiss from Aela. After the initial shock of the kiss, Mazra gave in and returned it.

After a few moments of the impromptu make out session, Mazra cut it off. "Well, if there's any way to make up for something, that is definitely a good way to do it!" the orc said, chuckling. Aela laughed as well, a cute, almost childlike, laugh.

"Yes... I guess it is!" the smaller girl replied, beaming.

Mazra made the move this time, embracing the young human, warmly. Aela was obviously inexperienced, but seemed very eager to please her partner. Mazra liked that. For all of her inexperience, Aela kissed the other woman passionately, running her fingers through the orc's long, black mohawk. She was just as eager to teach, as Aela was to give.

Eventually, the smaller girl's actions became more daring, her hands moving below the water, giving her lover's shapely backside a firm squeeze. Mazra squeaked in surprise, blushing furiously. She wasn't expecting a girl who had been so shy and timid moments before to do something so bold.

Not to be outdone, Mazra's hands traveled lower, reaching the young woman's slit, rubbing her soft folds. Aela broke the kiss, gasping in pleasure and surprise. Mazra smirked. She had the young woman right where she wanted her. She continued rubbing Aela's labia, causing her to moan deeply, a blush appearing on her fair skin. 

"You seem to be enjoying this," Mazra stated, smiling at her lover.

"Y-yes!" The other girl gasped. "Very much so! I love it!"

Mazra kissed Aela's neck, driving the young human's moans to increase in volume. "Perhaps," Mazra whispered into the other girl's ear. "We should get out of the water. This tends to be easier on land."

Aela could only nod in response, her body too wracked in pleasure to form words. The two women quickly climbed out of the water. Mazra gently pushed Aela on to the soft grass. Aela looked up at the orc, her eyes begging for more. Mazra quckly lay on top of her, smirking. Meting the other girl's lips, the two lovers quickly resumed their passionate kiss.

Mazra's hands traveled down to the human's small breasts, giving one a squeeze. Aela moaned in response, her kiss becoming stronger. The orc's other hand felt for a nipple, pinching it tightly. This drove the other woman to almost scream in pleasure. Mazra deeply enjoyed her lover's responses. Every squeak and moan drove the orc mad with lust, driving her to pursue her efforts.

"P-please," Aela moaned, breaking the kiss. "M-more. Give me more. I n-need it!" Mazra was happy to oblige. She gave Aela one last peck on the cheek before sliding down so that she was facing the young woman's virgin pussy. She started stroking the girl's lower lips. "Yes!" she cried "Just like that! Give me more!" 

Mazra was only all too pleased to do was her lover asked, sliding two fingers into her dripping cunt. Aela's upper body shot upright, screaming in pleasure. Mazra grinned, excited by Aela's response. She continued to pump her fingers in and out of her partner, earning squeaks of pleasure.

Just as Aela was getting close to her impending orgasm did Mazra stop. The smaller girl let out a moan of disappointment. "Please!" she whined. "Put them back in! I was so close!"

Mazra looked up at her lover. "Soon," she replied. "But first," she said, getting up from her position, and placing her ass in front of Aela's face. "It's your turn." Aela couldn't see it, but Mazra was beaming with excitement. Her green pussy was dripping cum all over her partner's face.

Aela looked up at the orc's folds, hesitantly. She had never done this before, and wasn't entirely sure how to. She had overheard men and women talking about it at the inn, so she understood the basic idea of it. But, would she enjoy it? Would Mazra enjoy it? But the cunt in front of her looked so inviting. She cautiously extended her tongue towards the dripping slit. When it met the wet surface, Aela was surprised to find the flavor to be rather pleasant. She eagerly began to lick up and down the green womanhood in front of her, earning a lustful sigh from the orc.

"Oh, fuck yes!" Mazra moaned. While Aela's tongue was definitely inexperienced, it was no less pleasurable. "Just like that, girl! Lick it all up!"

Aela continued to happily lick up any and all fluids that dripped from the stronger woman's incredibly wet pussy. Eventually, she grew a bit more adventurous, and stuck her tongue up inside her lover's vagina. Mazra shivered in ecstasy. Aela took this as a sign to keep going. She probed her tongue up as far as she could, catching even more cum as it dripped down.

Eventually, Mazra decided the young woman deserved a reward. Moving her body into a sixty-nine position, she began to lick Aela's sopping slit, minding not to hurt the young woman with her small tusks, drawing out a gasp of pleasure from the other girl. Latching onto the human's clit, Mazra began to suck on it, causing the woman below her her to moan and press her tongue deeper inside.

This sent the orc over the edge. Mazra screamed in pleasure and lust as her pussy gushed all over Aela's face, soaking her hair and chest. Mazra continued to moan in ecstasy, her face pressed against Aela's dripping wet pussy. The vibrations of the orc's pleasured moans onto the human's most sensitive area drove her past the brink as well, her pussy convulsing in pleasure.

"That was great," Aela said breathlessly, her chest rising and falling in deep, heavy breaths.

Mazra adjusted herself so that she was once again facing Aela. "It get's better," the orc said, planting a quick kiss onto her lover's lips.

Mazra gently lowered her crotch onto the the woman's below her. They both let out a sharp intake of breath when their still sensitve clits brushed together. Aela reached up, pulling the stronger woman into a deep kiss.

"Are you ready?" Mazra asked, breaking the kiss. Aela could only nod, her mind too clouded with lust to speak. The orc began to rub her wet crotch against the other girl's, eliciting a quiet moan from Aela. Mazra sat up straight, holding onto the smaller girl's hips. She liked the sight of the human below her, moaning and squeaking in pleasure and desire.

Aela looked up at the stronger woman above her. The orc's large, green tits on full display. Nervously, Aela reached up and took one in her grasp, giving it a gentle squeeze. Mazra let out a deep moan in response. Aela smirked at the reaction. She reached up with her other hand and squeezed the other breast. This seemed to drive the other woman mad with pleasure. Aela squeezed again, harder this time. Mazra screamed in pleasure, her pussy becoming even wetter.

Mazra began to rock her hips even harder. She was so close to her second orgasm, and from how much her partner was moaning, she was certain Aela was also close. "Come on!" Aela moaned. "Harder! Fuck me harder!" Mazra was only too happy to oblige. She quickened her pace, their hips meeting together in a wet slap, over and over.

"Oh, fuck! I'm cumming! I'm fucking cumming!" Aela yelled, her face covered in a deep blush.

"Me, too," Mazra grunted. "Just let go!"

The two women came, soaking their legs in their juices. Mazra slumped over, meeting Aela's lips in a deep kiss. "You were great," Mazra said, kissing her again.

The two of them sat in that position for quite a while, too exhausted to move. Eventually, Aela broke the silence. "Well, I suppose we had better clean up, and head to town. It will be about sun down when we get there."

"Yes," the orc responded. "We really should."

The two of them scrambled back into the stream, washing away the accumulated cum and sweat, before dressing back into their travelling clothes. As the two of them walked to Morning Hollow, they shared stories about their homes, the people they had met, and Mazra even explained a few techniques for Aela to try next time she ended up in the throes of passion.

...

When they had arrived at the inn in Morning Hollow, Mazra had soon learned that it belonged to Aela's family. Mazra had been treated to a meal, a room, and as many drinks as she had desired, at Aela's insistence. The young orc spent the night chatting with many locals and traders, hearing stories from all over the world, igniting her excitement about her adventures to come.

Eventually she retired to her room to get a good night's rest before setting out again tomorrow, leaving Morning Hollow behind. She knew she would eventually return, but for now, she had the rest of the world to see.

She lay in bed for several hours, unable to sleep. The whole prospect of sleeping in an inn was too foreign for her to get used to right away. A knock on the door caught Mazra's attention. "Enter," she responded. Aela stepped into the room, giving the orc a friendly smile, before shutting the door behind her. She then proceeded to remove her shirt, her small breasts visible in the moonlight.

"Would you like some company?"