 The gnomish city of Sprocketville was a wondrous sight. Fluorescent signs dazzled visitors with their bright colors, attracting potential customers to purchase a few of the vendors' strange gadgets. Large machines were constantly clanging and whizzing and buzzing, some having a distinct purpose, others seemed to merely be for show. Mechanical vehicles zoomed across the roads, a far more foreign form of transportation compared to the animal mounts favored by other races. And the smell! The pungent scent of smog filled the air, stinging the nostrils of the outsiders.

The wondrous inventions and architecture were just as intriguing as the gnomes themselves. Barely coming up to the knees of many of the more common people, the gnomes were quite small, causing visitors to the city to be on a constant lookout to avoid tripping over their eccentric hosts. They sported many odd fashions, with hair dyed vivid shades of purple, green, blue, pink, and any other assortment of colors.

Mazra had a difficult time keeping up with everything around her. She barely had time to look at something, before something else grabbed her attention. The strange people were bustling about their business, sometimes walking right bewtween the orc's legs, paying no mind to her, causing her to trip more than once as she walked through the streets. Growing up in an orcish village, and the closest settlements all being human towns, gave Mazra no opportunities to experience the wonderful inventions the gnomes had to offer, before today. She wanted to experience it all.

Mazra's thoughts were interrupted by a low rumble from her stomach. Deciding that lunch would be the best option before seeing the rest of this marvelous city, the young orc stepped into a nearby pub. 

Taking a seat at the counter, she eyed the menu with a little confusion. While the human settlements she had visited thus far on her journey offered a multitude of ales and wines to drink, it appeared that the gnomes faovred much stranger drinks, none of which Mazra was familiar with. As she stared at the list of drinks, a gnomish girl with bright, pink pigtails took the seat next to her.

"Hello there," the gnome said in a squeaky, high-pitched voice, giving Mazra a friendly wave.

"Hello," Mazra replied, returning the wave and smiling.

"We don't get many orcs here in Sprocketville," the gnome said, giving a girlish giggle. "And by the way you're staring at the drink names, I can tell that you've never been in a gnomish city before, have you?"

"Er, no. No, I haven't," Mazra replied, sheepishly. "These drinks sound... strange. I've never even heard of these before. What would you recommend?" she asked.

"Don't worry," the gnome said. "I got this!" She waved the bartender over. "Can we get two fizzcranks, please?" she asked. The bartender merely nodded before mixing a variety of liquids into two tall glasses. As new ingredients were added, the contents of the glasses released puffs of smoke and changed colors, from green to red to purple to orange, before finally settling on a bright, blue color.

As the drink was placed in front of Mazra, she eyed it cautiously. She had never seen anything she intended to consume do that before. "Don't worry," her new friend piped up, already finished with half of her glass. "It won't bite. Well, not more than any other drink," she said, giving off another high pitched giggle.

Mazra picked up the glass, noting that the liquid inside seemed to glow slightly. She sniffed it, detecting some sort of fruity aroma. She took a small sip of it, the strong alcohol stinging her throat. "Blueberry," she said with a smile.

Her gnomish companion laughed once again at some unknown joke. "I just realized," she squeaked. "That I'm buying you drinks and I don't even know your name, cutie. I'm Elora, but everyone just calls me Ellie!"

Mazra blushed at being called "cutie". Orcs were never called such childish names. "My name is Mazra, of the Wolf Heart Clan," she replied, taking Ellie's outstretched hand, and shaking it firmly.

Ellie smiled, warmly. "So, Miss Wolf Heart," she said, in her happy, squeaky voice. "What brings a big, strong, beautiful, powerful, and gorgeous orc like yourself all the way out to big ol' Sprocketville. We don't get many bigger folk around here, especially not orcs. They all think we're crazy."

"Well," Mazra began, taking another sip of her drink. She had decided she liked the rather sweet concoction. "I recently came of age in my village. I am now free to pursue whatever life I desire, and ever since I was a little girl, I wanted to go on adventures, so I'm seeing the world."

Ellie was transfixed, her drink long finished, giving Mazra her undivided attention. "Ooh," she commented, wide eyed. "So where have you been so far?" 

"Not many places, yet," Mazra replied, finishing off her drink. "Just a few human settlements, and the Dragonspine Mountains. So, what about you? What is it that you do?"

"Well," Ellie chirped. "I am an inventor!" She stated, proudly.

"Really?" Mazra inquired. "That sounds interesting. What exactly is it that you invent?"

"Oh, you know, various odds and ends." Ellie said. "I get commissions to make various engines and those sorts of things, but I prefer to make more... pleasurable gadgets," she purred.

"Oh, really?" Mazra said, smirking. "I would very much be interested in seeing a few of these gadgets. Do you think you could show me?"

"Of course, cutie," Ellie replied with a devilish grin. "It would be my pleasure... and yours!" she giggled. "Come on, I'll show you my workshop," she said as she got up, placing a few gold coins on the counter.

The two women left the pub, the smaller one dragging her new friend along the busy streets and through winding alley ways. Before long, the two of them arrived at a small building. "Here we are!" Ellie stated, proudly. The gnome led her companion inside, flicking on a light switch.

Mazra gazed in wonder. So many more machines than she had previously seen were scattered about the rooms, beeping and whirring, rhythmically. "Like what ya see?" Ellie questioned, enthusiastically.

"Yeah!" Mazra exclaimed, taking time to examine each and every device. So many wonderful things before her, begging for her attention.

"Excited, huh?" Ellie asked. Mazra could only nod in response. "Don't worry, I have some special inventions I want to show you. Why don't you make yourself comfortable while I go fetch them?" With that, the little woman turned on her heels and entered another room.

Before long, she returned with a small crate under one arm. "Found them!" she exclaimed, excitedly. Mazra began to dig around inside the crate, finding many small, tube shaped devices. Before she could ask what any of them did, she saw Ellie unfastening her oil stained overalls. "These tend to work better when you're in the buff," she said.

Taking the hint, Mazra began to remove her clothes with a smirk. As she stripped, Ellie gave her a satisfied look. "Like what you see?" the orc asked.

"Ooh, very much so," Ellie replied, giggling seductively. The little gnome reached up, giving Mazra's firm, green ass an excited squeeze. "I like what I feel even more, though," she said, grinning.

Mazra bent down, becoming eye level with her host. She cupped one of the gnome's breasts in her hand. It was small by the taller races' standards, but seemed rather large on the short woman. The orc gave it a tender squeeze, admiring how soft the skin was. Ellie moaned. This spurred Mazra on, grabbing the other tit. Her actions became rougher, harder, and more lustful. Ellie moaned and squeaked, loudly.

Before long, Ellie pulled Mazra into a passionate kiss. Their tongues danced together, both trying to gain dominance over the other. Both women were moaning and grunting in pleasure. While Mazra's tongue was much bigger than her lover's, Ellie's was no less strong, and more dextrous.

Ellie pulled away from the orc, gasping for breath. She reached forward, cupping Mazra's large tits in her hands, squeezing excitedly. "I just love your fucking boobs!" she exclaimed, bluntly. Mazra chuckled at the compliment, squeezing the gnomes breasts in return. "But as fun as they are," she continued. "I think it's time we got to the main attraction."

The small woman grinned. With one firm movement, she pushed the larger woman onto her back, much to Mazra's embarrassment. Reaching behind her, and grabbing one of the devices, she knelt in front of the orc's sopping cunt. Starting with a gentle kiss, she began to eat out the girl in front of her. Mazra moaned with wild lust, a bit of her warm juices splashing out. Ellie eagerly lapped up the escaped cum, humming approvingly at the flavor.

With a flick of a switch, the device in Ellie's hand began to whirr, softly. Mazra noticed that it began to shake gently. Her cunt grew more moist at the thought of the pleasure that the gadget could give her. Placing the vibrator on the orc's slick slit, Ellie began to slide it up and down, teasing the larger woman. When it reached her clit, Mazra screamed in pleasure. It was easily one of the best feelings she had ever experienced.

Eventually, Ellie lined up the vibrating toy with Mazra's tight entrance. "Ya ready, sugar?" the gnome asked. Mazra could only nod in response, pleasure already clouding her mind. With a swift push, the toy slid into Mazra's waiting snatch, causing her to moan, deeply.

Pushing and pulling the toy in and out, Ellie got a good rhythm going with her fucking, Mazra wailing and grunting in pleasure. The orc came within seconds, her juices splattering Ellie's smiling face and small tits. "Seventeen seconds," the gnome remarked. "You got quite the hair trigger, don't ya, honey?" she teased, giving the orc's ass a playful slap. 

Mazra retorted with a playful kick in the other girl's direction."I've just never experienced anything like that, before," the orc replied. "You're probably used to it by now, getting to use these things on a daily basis."

"Hehe, you're probably right," Ellie chuckled. "While I do have more experience with these, I just thought that a big, strong orc like yourself would have more stamina!" Mazra blushed. "Maybe you should show me what you can do," the small girl continued. "Show me how intense fucking a powerful orc, like yourself, can be."

Ellie turned around, getting on all fours, and thrusting her round rump into the air. Mazra crawled over, taking a shapely ass cheek in each hand, squeezing them, firmly. Starting at the small girl's clit, Mazra licked upwards, eliciting a moan from her partner. Her tongue didn't stop at the end of the slit, however. She kept going until she reached Ellie's cute, puckered anus.

"Ooh, feeling dirty, are ya?" Ellie asked, smirking at the orc. "I like it when things get dirty. Keep going, honey!"

Mazra obliged, kissing and licking the gnome's tight asshole, savoring the sour taste. She stuck her tongue inside, causing Ellie to gasp. The orc felt a bit of the gnome's warm cum drip onto her tongue.

"Keep doing that, baby!" Ellie screamed, writhing on the floor in pure pleasure. "Keep your slippery tongue in there! I fucking love that!" Mazra smirked, pulling her tongue out. "Hey!" Ellie whined. "I told you not to stop! What gives?"

"I want you to beg," Mazra stated, flatly. She crossed her arms over her chest, hiding her beautiful, green orbs from sight.

"What?" Ellie asked, surprised. "I'm not going to beg!"

"Well, then," Mazra said, gathering her clothes. "I guess I'll just leave. After all, I've already gotten off. It was nice meeting you."

""Wait!" Ellie cried. "Please, don't go! I want your tongue. No, I need it! Please, keep doing that! Please!"

Mazra smirked. "Well," she said. "I guess when you put it that way. I suppose I could keep going for a little while longer." She knelt down in front of Ellie's soft butt again, stroking the pink mounds. She lowered her head, before biting down on one of the cheeks.

"Oh, fuck yes!" Ellie screamed. Mazra bit down on the other one, harder this time. "Shit!" the little woman moaned. Mazra continued to bite and abuse the gnomes ass until it was raw and red. Ellie was panting, heavily. "Please, give me more," she pleaded. 

Mazra reached into the box, pulling out the largest toy Ellie had. Flicking on the switch, it rumbled to life, shaking so hard Mazra nearly dropped it. Lining it up with Ellie's pink asshole, the vibrator slid in with little resistance. Ellie moaned and shrieked as the toy did its job, pleasuring her to her very core.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" the little gnome screamed as her orgasm washed over her. Her pussy spasmed, spraying her cum all over the floor. She slumped over, laying in a large puddle of her own juices.

"Now, aren't you glad you begged?" Mazra taunted. Ellie could only nod in response, too tired from her intense orgasm to say anything.

Mazra picked up her lover, carrying her over to a nearby bed. She gently set the small woman down on it. Both women were drenched in cum and sweat, their hair sticking to their foreheads. Mazra began to lick the cooling cum from Ellie's body. She then tenderly pulled the other girl into a kiss, which Ellie was happy to reciprocate, before lying down next to her, holding her in an intimate embrace.

Several minutes past in silence, save for the noise of the machines. "Hey, Mazra," Ellie said, breaking the silence.

"Hm?" the orc grunted in response.

"I was wondering," the pink haired girl continued. "If you ever get lonely on your travels."

The green woman pondered the question for a moment. "I suppose I do," she said. "Walking gets rather boring when there's no one to talk to. The forests and mountains all blend into one, making the journeys to my destinations rather dull, after a while. Why do you ask?"

"Well," Ellie began, hesitating slightly. "I wanted to know if you would like a traveling companion. You would be less lonely, and it'd be nice to have at least one familiar face wherever you are."

Mazra smirked. "Pack your bags, cutie," she said, pecking Ellie on the lips. "We leave in the morning."