 "Dammit all!" Ellie shouted, staring at the map. The little gnome and her orcish companion had been trekking in the Zanzaldi jungle for three days, now. What was supposed to have been a half day's journey from their last stop just outside the jungle at Huntsman's Crossing before arriving in the port town of Fletcher Bay, had now become a quest just to find a path leading to any form of civilization. Before leaving Huntsman's Crossing the two adventurers had received word that a recent storm had washed away the road leading to Fletcher Bay, but a kindly gentleman had sold them a map with what he had promised was a more direct route to their destination. Thinking back on it, he was less a "kindly gentleman" and more of a "deceiving con artist".

"Damn this jungle! Damn these mosquitoes! Damn this hot weather! Damn this stupid map! And damn the lying bastard who sold it to us!" With a huff, Ellie stuffed the map back into her pack, and sat down on a nearby rock, sulking.

Mazra sat down next to her smaller companion. "It will be dark soon," the orc noted. "Perhaps it would be best to set up camp, and rest here for the night." A crack of thunder boomed through the air, shattering the near silence of the jungle. The first few heavy drops of rain began to fall, providing an unwelcomed respite from the hot, tropical weather. "We should get started on that camp."

...

The rain was unrelenting, quickly turning the ground into a soft, slippery, and muddy mess. The heavy patter on the tent made it difficult to sleep soundly, but the two managed to eventually drift off. Mazra and Ellie's clothes were soaked right through, meaning they had to strip them off and sleep without. The two of them were forced to cuddle together while they slept for warmth, not that either minded, nor was it any different from how they normally slept. All of the nearby wood had been drenched, making it unusable to start a fire, which meant they were colder than usual. And, unprotected from any of the innumerable predators that lurked in the shadows.

The moon was nearing its highest point when Mazra heard it: the sharp snapping of a branch. Something was out there, and the orc wasn't going to bet on it being friendly. "Ellie!" Mazra hissed. The gnome stirred, ever so slightly. "Ellie! Wake up! There's something out there!"

"What!?" Ellie said, scrambling to her feet. Mazra was already reaching for her axe. Ellie, grabbed her revolver rifle, double checking to make sure it was loaded. The only bit of clothing the two bothered to put on were their cold, wet cloaks, to provide at least some protection from whatever foe lurked out there, or to give the pair at least some decency in case it was another person.

The two slowly crept out of their small tent, careful not to make too much noise that would alert whatever was out there to their presence. "You sure you heard something out here?" Ellie whispered.

"Yeah, I'm positive," Mazra replied. "Perhaps it's gone." The low rumble of a panther's growl broke the near silence. "Or not. Keep on your guard, and shoot it as soon as you see it."

With a roar the panther leapt from its hiding place. Ellie released a shot, but barely grazed the beast. The black feline swiped at Mazra, slicing her right in the stomach. "ARRGH!" she screamed, keeling over. She quickly straightened herself, slashing back against her opponent. The panther deftly dodged the attack, growling at its prey.

"Get away from her!" Ellie yelled, firing another round at the cat. This shot hit its mark, planting itself in the panther's shoulder. The panther yelped in agony, before turning its gaze on Ellie. The predator licked its lips in anticipation for the fight with this more worthy opponent.

The beast lunged at the small woman, knocking her to the ground. Her gun flew from her hands, landing ten feet away from where the two struggled. Just as the panther was about the sink its teeth into the juicy gnome beneath it a bolt of green magic struck its side. With a yelp the animal was pushed aside, giving Ellie a chance to scramble to her weapon. Another blast of magic was fired at the cat, barely missing its target. The first hit had been enough, however, and the beast fled from the fight in defeat.

Ellie rushed to Mazra's side. "You alright, babe?" the little woman asked, concerned. She examined her companion's wound. "This is not good. We need to get you to help. Now!"

"I'm fine," the orc growled. "It's going to take a lot more than that to take down a member of the Wolf Heart Clan. Go fetch our packs. Should be some bandages in one of them." Ellie scurried back into the tent, emerging with both of their packs, digging around to find something to bind Mazra's cuts.

"Perhaps I should take a look at your injuries," a deep voice said. Mazra and Ellie both looked up. Standing before them was a tall, dark skinned woman. She wore nothing but a loin cloth and an animal skin bound around her modest chest, her outfit displaying her well toned body, as well as the many rune tattoos that decorated her skin. In her left hand she wielded a twisted mahogony staff, which had many of the same runes that decorated her body carved into it. She pushed a few of her dreadlocks out of her face, revealing a pair of silver eyes that appeared to almost glow in the moonlight. She knelt besides Mazra, placing her staff on the ground, moving the orc woman's hand from her wound, and inspecting it closely. "Your gnomish friend is right, this is a grave affliction. I have just the thing in my home to treat this," she said, before turning to Ellie. "Take your packs. The two of you can rest at my home, tonight." 

The woman rose to her feet, bringing Mazra to her own. "I'm guessing it was you who helped us out back there," Mazra said, letting out a pained grunt as talking caused her injury some discomfort.

"You would be correct," the mysterious woman replied. "I heard your struggle from my hut. I wasn't going to just let a couple of travellers get killed in the night. Arrived just in time, it would appear."

"We would have been fine," Ellie interjected.

"Strange," the woman said, a hint of laughter behind her words. "It seemed that without me you would have been quite the meal for that predator back there, had I not acted in time."

Ellie angrily huffed in response. "What's your name?" she inquired.

"Tanska," their savior replied. "And what about you?"

"Elora," the gnome responded. "And that beautiful green thing is Mazra."

"It's a pleasure to meet you both," Tanska said. "It's a shame we couldn't have had this introduction on a more pleasant note. It has been a long while since I last entertained guests, and the company would be greatly appreciated."

The trio of women arrived at a large hut, smoke billowing from the chimney. Tanska pushed aside the curtain, inviting her guests inside. "Lay your cloaks and other belongings by the fire to dry. No need to be shy about your lack of decency, I have plenty of warm, dry blankets to wrap yourselves in," she said, following Ellie and Mazra inside, and leaning her staff against the wall. She turned towards a large cabinet, and opening it. Inside were dozens of bottles and jars, ranging from every size, color, and viscosity. The dark woman reached for a jar of pale, green paste, before beckoning Mazra over. She opened the jar, releasing a pungeant, sour aroma, and scooped up a generous amount, which she proceeded to rub deep into the claw marks. Mazra hissed in a pained response. "The medicine should be taking effect, now," Tanska said, sealing the jar once more, before putting it back into its place in the cabinet.

The effects were instantaneous. The muscles on Mazra's abdomen began to sew themselves back together, the skin sealing back over the exposed muscles, leaving only a scar a few shades paler than the rest of her skin. "Thank you," the orc said, graciously.

"It was no problem," Tanksa said. "The wound would only have gotten worse over time. Illness and possibly death would have been imminent." She walked over to a large basket, and procured two, thick blanets. "Here," she said, handing a blanket to each of her guests, before sitting on the floor with them. "These should help warm you up."

Both women thanked her for the blankets, before wrapping themselves in their warmth, once again covering their naked bodies. "So, what exactly is it that you do out here, Tanska?" Ellie asked, in an attempt to dissipate the silence in the room.

"I have always lived in this jungle," the dark woman replied. "I was born to a tribe that lived and learned with the spirits of this place. We found a balance between helping and using the plants and animals, and were rewarded with power not seen outside of these trees," Her tone grew somber. "Then outsiders came. They showed us technologies we had never even imagined before. New spirits to worship. New ways of life we had never thought possible. Slowly, my tribe abandoned the old ways, rather than living alongside the new. They left the village, and adopted the cultures of the outsiders. They abandoned the spirits, and the spirits abandoned them."

Ellie placed a comforting hand on Tanska's thigh. "I'm so sorry," she said, meeting the much taller woman's eyes.

"Do not be, dear Elora," Tanska replied, smiling. "They have found happiness in their new lives, and I continue to be happy with my old one. I brew potions that I trade with them for the pleasures their cultures offer, and I do not stray far from what the spirits need to keep my home strong and full of life."

"What sort of potions do you craft?" Mazra asked.

Tanska smiled. "I brew potions to cure wounds like the one you suffered, alleviate ailments, both common and uncommon, rejuvenate strength, vigor, wit, as well as..." her eyes twinkled. "elixirs of a more... recreational use."

"How do you mean 'recreational'?" Mazra questioned. 

"I'll show you," Tanska purred, rising from her spot on the floor, and, once again, opening the large cabinet. This time, she produced a small vial containing a shimmering, purple liquid. Uncorking it, she downed the contents in a single gulp. The effects were not apparent, at first. Perhaps it did not have a visual effect? But it was not long until Tanska began to slowly pitch a tent in her loin cloth.

"Did you just-?" Ellie asked, incredulously.

"Indeed I did," Tanksa replied, grinning. She removed her loincloth to expose her think, ten-inch, throbbing erection.

"No way!" Ellie squealed, scrambling to her feet. She reached up, and grabbed hold of Tanska's very warm dick with both hands. "No fucking way!" She gave the cock a stroke. "This thing has to be at least half as big as me!" The little gnome excitedly jerked the black cock in front of her.

Mazra crawled forward, also reaching out and grasping Tanska's huge cock. The warmth radiating off of it was inviting. She began to slowly stroke it, her hand meeting Ellie's rapid jerking, ocassionally. She moved her hand downward, towards where a pair of testicles should be, but was instead greeted by Tanska's dripping slit. "You still have a pussy!" Mazra exclaimed.

"So, I do," Tanksa replied, chuckling. Mazra inserted two fingers into the wet entrance, as Ellie began to lick up and down the thick, black length in front of her. "Oh, yes!" Tanksa moaned, gripping the back of Ellie's head, urging her to do more. The gnome licked from the base of the cock all the way back up to the tip of the foreskin that covered the head of Tanska's cock, before plunging her face down, sucking the cock into her mouth. The little woman had difficulty stretching her mouth around the thick, black cock, but managed to get around three inches of it into her mouth before she began to gag. "Mmm, yes! Just like that, Elora!" Tanksa wailed, as the small woman eagerly slurped up her cock, her pigtails flapping about, drool running down her face and onto her perky tits, her efforts being rewarded with the occasional spurt of precum.

Mazra removed her fingers from the pink entrance, replacing them with her tongue. She licked up and down Tanska's dark slit, as juices trickled out and into the orc's hungry mouth. She happily gulped down as much girlcum as she could, some of it dripping out and running down her face. She reached behind her head, and gripped the fat cock, jerking it in places the Ellie's sucking couldn't reach.

"Aw, fuck!" Tanska shouted. "I'm gonna cum!" And that was all the warning the two ladies servicing her received before Mazra got sprayed by a stream of the shaman's pussy juice, and Ellie got a large mouthful of hot cum, causing her to choke, and remove the cock from her mouth. The gnome received several more spurts of the pearly, white jizz, each as big as the last, absolutely covering her face and small tits.

"Wow," Ellie said, noisily swallowing her mouthful of cum. "That was awesome!" 

"Agreed," Mazra continued, before licking up some of the white slime on Ellie's breasts. "That was definitely one of the more exciting encounters I've had. Please, tell me we can do that some more."

Tanska smiled. "Of course, my friends," she said, undoing the binds on her breasts, letting her medium sized tits bounce freely, and showing the small gold rings that were pierced through her nipples. She walked over to her cabinet full of potions for the third time that evening, and pulled out two more flasks of the wonderful potion she had already used on herself. "Why don't the two of you experience the effects for yourself? Don't worry, the effects are only temporary," She offered the two potions to her guests, both of whom eagerly took them and downed the contents.

Mazra and Ellie felt a pleasurable tingle spread throughout their bodies, which slowly became more focused on their crotches, before their clits swelled and morphed into proportionally large cocks. Ellie's four inch length began to drool pre almost as soon as it formed, while Mazra's grew to be about as long as Tanska's, but noticeably thicker. Both reached down and grasped their new appendages, moaning from the unfamiliar and pleasurable sensations they were now experiencing. "I never thought," Ellie gasped. "That having a cock would feel this good."

Tanska smiled, letting her guests get familiar with their new equipment. She could patiently wait before letting them fuck her into a stupor. Just thinking about it made her begin to stroke her softening cock. Oh, yes, this was definitely going to be a night to remember.

After a few moments of exploring her body, Mazra knelt down, embracing Ellie. She began to lick up some of Tanska's cooling cum that remained on the small woman's body, before drawing the gnome in for a kiss, pushing some of the jizz into her mouth, which Ellie graciously accepted. During the kiss, Mazra reached down and grasped Ellie's throbbing length, and began to slowly stroke it. While it was barely the width of her palm, it was still quite large, as far as gnomes go. Ellie moaned into the sperm filled kiss, enticing Mazra to stroke a little faster, rewarding the orc with more slick precum.

Mazra then let go of Ellie's cock, getting on her stomach, and sucking the small girlcock into her mouth, and eagerly bobbing her head up and down on the length. Ellie screamed with pleasure, grabbing hold on the orc's dark hair, forcing her to suck deeper and faster, which Mazra happily accepted. Mazra reached up, and stuck two green fingers inside of Ellie's dripping snatch, rapidly pumping them in and out, increasing the volume of the gnome's lusty screams..

"Shit," Ellie said through gritted teeth. "I'm not gonna last much longer. I'm gonna- oh, fuck- I'm gonna blow! I'm gonna cum right down your fucking throat!" A geyser of warm pussy juice sprayed out of Ellie's tight cunt, soaking Mazra's hand, while hot, gooey cum exploded from Ellie's small cock. Mazra greedily gulped it all down, not letting a single drop get past her lips.

Mazra gasped as she pulled the cock out of her mouth. "My turn," she said, smiling up at Ellie. Standing up she pressed her cock into the smaller woman's chest. "Well?" she coaxed, prodding Ellie with her thick dick. Getting the message, Ellie slid the thick, green cock between her tits, rubbing them up and down the length. While Ellie was certainly busty for her size, her boobs could barely wrap halfway around the orc's massive penis. What she lacked in size, however, she more than made up for in technique. She varied the speeds of her titfuck, suckled on Mazra's foreskin, and occasionally slipped her tongue inside to play with the head.

Tanska watched her guests' display, pumping a hand up and down her throbbing length, while stuffing four fingers inside her hungry snatch. Pulling her hand out of her gaping pussy, she used it to jerk her cock, her slick girlcum providing the excellent lubricant. Sticking a finger through one of her nipple rings, she gently tugged on it, moaning at the sweet mixture of pleasure and pain. She bit her lip at the incredible feeling, as well as the show she was enjoying. Pre was continuously leaking from her cock. Wiping some up with a finger, sucked it into her mouth, savoring her own flavor. 

Mazra grunted as she reached her own orgasm, cum erupting from her cock, returning Ellie to a sticky, white mess. Her girlcum splashed down around her thighs and onto the floor. The orc panted, heavily, before kneeling down, and beginning to lick the cum off Ellie's chest and face, stopping from time to time to draw Ellie into a kiss, sharing her cum, which the gnome greedily swallowed. 

"I trust you two are enjoying yourselves?" Tanska inquired, reminding the two of just where they were, and that they had spent the last few minutes ignoring their host.

"Definitely," Mazra replied, smirking, and giving her new cock a few strokes. Ellie nodded in agreement, before scooping up the remaining about of Mazra's sweet load and eating it.

Tanska approached her guests, before kneeling before them, grasping both of their cocks, and beginning to stroke them. "That's good. It is very important that my guests enjoy themselves," she said, moving her head forward, and taking Mazra's thick, green cock into her mouth, and sucking up and down the length, while never ceasing her stroking of Ellie's much smaller cock. Every time Tanska bobbed her head forward, she took more of Mazra's new dick than the last time, working her way to the base. Every time the dark, green glans reached the back of her throat, she gagged, increasing Mazra's pleasure. It wasn't long before Tanska had the entire length down her throat, her nose buried into the orc's crotch, drooling profusely. Sadly, she needed to come up for air, and let out a long sigh as she felt the thick length of meat leave her throat, leaving her feeling empty.

Not forgetting about her smaller guest, Tanska switched cocks, slipping the little penis into her mouth. While Ellie's short length did not fill her throat like Mazra's did, it did allow for a different sort of fun. Sticking her tongue out from the underside of the gnome's small cock, she extended the wet appendage until the very tip could probe Ellie's dripping entrance. Ellie moaned in approval, grabbing a handful of witch's dreadlocks, and hammering her cock as deep into her mouth as possible, causing Tanska to drool and gag around the small length.

While her host continued to fellate her traveling companion, Mazra removed her cock from Tanska's stroking grip, and knelt down beside. She grasped one of the dark tits in front of her, giving it a firm squeeze, and playing with the small, gold hoop. With every tug of her piercing, Tanska let out a pleased squeal. Mazra moved forward, taking the nipple into her mouth, and sucking it. She let her tongue play with the jewelry, eliciting more lustful moans from the dark skinned beauty.

As Mazra played with the nipple, she reached down, and gave Tanska's ass a good, strong slap. Tanska screamed with pleasure around the cock in her mouth, which Mazra responded to by spanking her, again. Over and over she slapped Tanska's amazing butt, leaving it darker than it was.
