 ***Hello all! Please note the category as it might help you avoid this story before you start reading it if it's not within your tastes. On that note, this story also has elements of Mind Control, NonConsent/Reluctance and a little Exhibitionist & Voyeur. If these are things you might enjoy, then I really hope you like this story. The "juicy stuff" starts a little slower than with my other stories, but still quicker than most. Please enjoy this impossible fantasy.***



They were known as the Mean Girls.

It wasn't creative, but it was accurate. They attended a small college, but it was still impressive how well known each girl had become in their first years. But then again, after seeing their gorgeous appearances and horrible behavior, it wasn't such a mystery.

Crystal looked deceptively harmless. Her very short and very curvy frame coupled with her innocent-looking face made most people make the assumption she was endearingly dim. Despite her looks and name, however, Crystal was the smartest of the Mean Girls, and certainly capable of cruelty. In fact, she would abuse people's assumptions in order to gain their trust for no other reason but to enjoy their dismay when she would later betray them. Friends, lovers, it didn't matter. Crystal loved the look on people's faces when she crushed them.

Haley's jet black hair set in a bob around her pale face made her look exactly as sinister as she was, however. She was the tallest and thinnest of the Mean Girls and proudly carried around the implied "leader" title. Her face was the most stunning of the girls and with it she got both men and women to do her bidding.

Laura fell somewhere in the middle. As the only Mean Girl without a history of being a terrible person, the beautiful 19-year-old had been corrupted by her new friends over the course of the year. She didn't look as menacing as Haley nor as innocent as Crystal, but she exuded the most confidence. Her black hair wasn't as long as Crystal's, nor was it as straight, but her chocolate skin was more inviting, and her body more in proportion, she would tell herself. Really, she was just jealous of Crystal's chest. Despite her generous DD breasts, Laura often pined over Crystal's enormous chest. In fact, if she was truly honest with herself, she would realize her attraction to Crystal.

Still, whenever her jealousy got overwhelming, she just looked to the leader and Laura felt better. Haley was gorgeous, but certainly lacked the curves of her companions. Haley never said anything, but Laura had to wonder if Haley's flat chest gave her the same insecurities it brought out in Laura.

The girls would spend almost every weekend together. Laura and Haley would get other students to do their homework while Crystal had already finished hers. Their college was in a rural area and all three girls loved to explore the area around campus.

In fact, that was the reason they had found each other in the first place. All three happened to set off to go exploring the same day after the first week of classes. Haley and Crystal both tried to scare the others off using their finely tuned bullying skills while Laura had too much confidence to be pushed off just by some terrible words.

The three found respect for each other and while Laura had her doubts, it was the first time people had truly accepted her and not just been scared of her, so she stayed with her new friends, trying to ignore her awareness of how awful she was becoming.

Everybody was happy with Haley calling the shots. Laura wouldn't know what to do and Crystal didn't want the responsibility or spotlight and the role suited Haley perfectly.

It seemed to be a weekend like any other when it happened. The girls were all wearing tiny jean shorts and simple, differently coloured tank tops while roaming through the woods that they had deemed theirs.

In fact, after being annoyed the first time they found other students in the forest, they found that the privacy allowed for particularly cruel behavior.

One time they had stumbled on a pair of freshmen girls and pointed out their faults until they had run away leaving the Mean Girls to laugh until the other girls were out of sight.

Another time they taunted one poor student who was studying by himself until he cried, then they threatened to kick his ass unless he stripped naked. Although his penis was barely smaller than average and they knew it, the Mean Girls laughed at it, telling him no girl would ever want to fuck him and not be lying. Then they took his clothes and left him naked and alone.

"Don't follow us, or we'll fucking kill you!" Haley had yelled over her shoulder.

Soon they hoped to find others when they went exploring, but word of their actions spread and the Mean Girls found the forest increasingly abandoned.

This gave them a sense of pride, but it also made them a little bored.

"Let's go back to what we used to come in here for," suggested Crystal.

"What? Exploring? Seems less fun now," said Laura.

"Nah, she's right," said Haley, "we never got very deep."

And that's how the Mean Girls found the cave.

All three let an inescapable gasp loose from their perfectly formed lips. All three had childhood memories of exploring secret caves, and if somebody had seen them for just that moment, they wouldn't have believed the awful stories about them. 

"We have to go in there," whispered Crystal.

"No shit," said Haley. It was a favourite saying of hers, but the other two had never heard her say it with such wonder before.

Laura didn't say a word, but was first to take a step forward. The others followed her, marking the first time the group had ever been led by the beautiful black girl. Even Haley didn't seem to mind. They continued in silence into the cave, none of them daring to be the first to speak, just in case their words might break the magic.

Even as the light faded, the girls pressed forward without a word, all three instinctively raising their hands to trace the wall in order to find the way.

Five minutes passed. Ten. Laura suddenly thought of her cell phone as a light source. Why did it take her so long to think of that? Yet she didn't take it out of her pocket. Something about this cave made her not want to expose it to the digital glow of her phone. She had no idea it wouldn't have worked anyway.

Finally, the smallest of lights appeared ahead of the 19-year-olds.

"Look!" exclaimed Haley redundantly. Of course all three girls noticed it, but they didn't taunt her for the obvious remark like they normally would have. They just nodded, despite the darkness.

The light grew at a slow enough rate so that the girls' eyes had already adjusted by the time they arrived at the torches. There was a path forward, but all three stopped.

"Someone must live here. Who keeps these torches lit?" Asked Laura.

"Seems impractical," said Crystal.

"Shit, look at these markings," said Haley, who was on her bare knees, her face inches away from the cave wall.

The other two beauties followed her lead and examined their surroundings even closer. Indeed the small circular room they had arrived in was covered in tiny markings that only seemed visible from very close.

"Crystal?" Haley asked, implying that the blonde might have some idea about the origin of the markings.

"Nothing that I'm familiar with," the busty brainiac replied. 

"Aren't you fucking majoring in this cryptic shit?" Laura prodded.

"Yes, smartass, but it bares no similarities to any of it. Like. None."

"Yeah, it's weird. I don't think I could draw these symbols even while looking at them," said Haley.

The other girls were silent, but inside their heads they agreed with her. She was right, they seemed other-worldly. But since beginning to speak again, some of the mystique of the place had left, and the Mean Girls reverted slowly back to acting the way that gave them their name.

"Well fuck," started Laura, "let's take these torches and see what we can find, maybe somebody's hoarding loot down here or some shit."

Laura had already grabbed a torch and Crystal automatically stepped back to let Haley take the second one, which she did.

The Mean Girls gave each other looks that implied they were all ready to go deeper, and they did. But the moment they continued down the path, a voice came from behind them.

"Oh I wouldn't do that if I were you."

"What the fuck?!" Crystal, the last in line, jolted around. "Where the hell did you come from, old man?"

Indeed there was now a man standing in the tiny room that the girls had just been occupying.

Haley stomped her way back from the head of the group and faced the old man. He just stood there, looking equal parts tired and smug. He looked at least 90-years-old and was hunched over a twisted walking stick.

"How did you follow us in here without us noticing, asshole?" She demanded.

"I didn't. I live in this room," was his tired reply.

"Bullshit, you old freak, we just spent 10 minutes studying this room. I don't care how many wars you've seen, but a pervert is a fucking pervert and you're not going to get to do any dirty old man shit to us just because you followed us down here. I have no problems hitting an old man."

The man just stared at Haley even after she finished her speech. Laura was next to push past Crystal.

"Even if you do live here, you creep, we're going to take whatever it is that you obviously don't want us to see."

"Fucking right," piped up Crystal from behind, "let's keep going, girls."

Haley grinned at the suggestion, her eyes still locked on the geezer in front of her. Her smile turned from excited to menacing before spitting on the old man.

"And don't you dare fucking follow us, you pervert. If you so much as look at my ass, I will take that cane from you and beat you with it."

Even Laura didn't wince at these words like she would have even a few months before. Instead, she just smirked and followed Crystal who had already continued down the path. Haley flashed a beautiful smile at the man before turning around and placing her hands over what she - and many others - considered to be her best physical attribute. The man didn't try to sneak a look, confident that he would get his chance shortly. Instead he just muttered to himself.

"I warned them. Did my job. Did my job just like I was told. Not going to miss out this time, are you, old man? Nono, these ones deserve what's coming to them. Yupyup, old Larry's going to get his this time. Even if she don't let me go, it might just be worth it, yes it might."

He continued this way long after the girls were out of earshot, but they hadn't been listening anyway. They were too excited now that there really did appear to be something of value in the cave.

"Shit, I wish we had brought water, I'm really fucking thirsty," Crystal complained.

"Who cares?" Laura replied. "We might be able to buy our own lakes of fresh water if there's enough kept down here."

"Don't get ahead of yourself, dumbass," said Haley, "Just because we dared disturb Methuselah's slumber doesn't mean this is the Cave of Wonders. Might just be where the creeper lives."

Maybe it was because Haley had just mentioned the imagery, but when the girls turned a corner and laid their eyes on the feast of riches in front of them, all the girls could think of was the memorable cave from Aladdin. In reality, the room was much smaller and didn't have any featured stone like in the popular cartoon. No such Pandora's Box. Just a room in a cave full of gold and jewels. 

Not one of the girls felt a chill up their spines. Not one had the old man's words echoing in their head. Not one felt guilt nor any sense of foreboding. They just crammed their pockets and bras with treasure. And when their limited space was filled, they took off their shoes and knee-socks and filled them all too.

They didn't speak to each other as they looted the place like it was old hat. Crystal got her brain back first.

"We'll leave and come back. We won't leave each other's sight. We'll bring bags and empty this place out."

Laura and Haley exchanged glances. It made the most sense. They didn't want to give every girl a fair share out of any altruistic motives, but rather because each girl was in the company of the only other people in the world they wouldn't mess with. Not out of love, but fear. The sort of fear that required respect. The only way the girls knew how to show respect.

After the silent agreement, Laura dumped her socks and shoes and replaced them on her feet.

"Since we're coming back," she said.

The others followed suit, but all three made no further effort to return any more gold. 

Eyeing each other, the stunning teenaged bullies slowly made their way out of the room, leaving behind the torches that had been snuffed out when Haley and Laura threw them to the ground in a greedy trance. Even Crystal hadn't questioned how the room had been lit after that happened.

The Mean Girls were all short of breath from excitement as they moved back through the cave, still eerily lit by unseen means.

"If that old asshole is still there, he's going to be really sorry about it," said Haley.

But sure enough, when the girls returned to the first room, he was still there, but now he was grinning wildly. His words became more clear as they got closer.

"-don't even remember what she looks like, so she can't haunt me anymore. Not in the same way. But here they come. Silly girls. Dumb stupid hotties. Idiot whores with their big mouths and young bodies. I think I was that young once. But years go faster and faster and faster. I wonder which one she'll let me fuck."

Haley was surprised she had let herself hear that much before breaking into a run toward the man. If he thought she was lying when she said she wouldn't hesitate to beat him, he had another thing coming. She roared and dashed full force at the ancient, hunched man, but he didn't flinch.

"HALT" came a voice from nothing.

"Heh heh heh," said the old man, "here she comes, girls."

Haley had indeed stopped. In mid-air. She was frozen with a face of rage, her body ready to strike. Only her eyes were able to move. Laura and Crystal had been watching Haley from the entrance, but their wicked smiles and aloof stances were unchanging as well.

Suddenly the air in the room grew thick. All three girls felt the treasure disappearing from their pockets and bras. Dense fog made it difficult to see and Haley found her body floating itself backwards until it was beside the other two frozen girls. They moved their eyes to look at each other as best they could, but soon the sight in from of them drew back their attention.

From the fog materialized a woman. If the girls could gasp, they would have, because excepting her completely white eyes, each girl saw herself slowly emerge from the fog. The figure did not need to open her mouth to speak.

"YOU WERE WARNED, WERE YOU NOT?"

The woman's words did not reverberate like most noises. There was no indication that actual sounds were being made, but to each girl, the voice was like screaming. There was no way to describe the silence that was also a scream, but it did not let up.

"NOW THAT YOU HAVE BROKEN INTO MY HOME AND BROKEN MY RULES, YOU ARE MINE TO DO WITH WHAT I WILL"

The old man could be heard chuckling somewhere.

"THIS ALSO MEANS I CAN SEE INTO YOUR HEARTS AND YOUR PAST"

Each girl felt like the woman was staring directly into their eyes.

"THERE IS SO MUCH DARKNESS. THERE IS SO MUCH HATE AND FEAR"

The girls, without noticing and including Haley, had sunken down to a seated position against the wall.

"THERE WILL BE PUNISHMENT"

It was Laura who first noticed she had regained the ability to speak.

"Who are you?"

"I AM LAURA ANNABELLE HAYES"

"Wa-wait, that's me. How do you know my name?"

"YOU'RE ASKING THE WOMAN WHO FROZE YOUR FRIEND IN MID-AIR AND MATERIALIZED OUT OF NOWHERE HOW SHE KNOWS YOUR NAME?"

Haley snickered.

"I AM NOW HALEY SMITH. NO MIDDLE NAME. I AM DARKNESS INCARNATE. I TORTURE UNTIL I FEEL LIKE I AM WORTH SOMETHING, BUT I AM NOT. I CANNOT DISOBEY ANYBODY"

"Wait, what?"

"THE FIRST PUNISHMENT HAS BEEN GIVEN"

Crystal felt a fire in her chest, but knew better than to speak against whomever this thing was.

"I AM A GODDESS, CRYSTAL MARGARET LEAH SIKES," the Goddess said, reading Crystal's mind.

"THE GODS AND GODDESSES OF THE WORLD ARE NOT LIKE ANYTHING WRITTEN. WE HAVE VERY GREAT, BUT VERY LOCAL POWER. YOU HAVE AWOKEN MINE"

"I did too," Old Man Larry said, still hidden by fog. The Goddess was apparently letting him speak. "Long ago. I was trying to find a way for me and my sister to survive. I found this cave and stole the gold, but I had no warning and so I was only sentenced to guard the room." His voice became giddy as he continued to speak, "The Goddess is even so kind as to let me be rewarded from time to time. I just stopped getting older when I hit this age, and I don't think I'm dying any time soon, so treats like these are all I have to live for."

Laura couldn't help herself.

"So then who did The Goddess appear as to you? Surely not as yourself?"

Old Man Larry laughed.

"Why would she appear as myself? She only ever appears as the most important woman in the beholder's life. I thought my sister had gone and got possessed. No idea what actually happened to her. Haven't seen outside this cave in more years than I can count."

All three girls finally started to feel the weight of what might happen to them.

"ALL THREE OF YOU WORRY, BUT YOU WILL BE RELEASED FROM THE CAVE. I ALREADY HAVE A GUARD."

Crystal couldn't take it anymore.

"Well come on now, Haley has her punishment, now what's ours?"

"SMART GIRL TO KNOW IT WILL BE DIFFERENT," said the Goddess. "I AM CRYSTAL MARGARET LEAH SIKES"

Crystal winced. She hated her full name and certainly never planned on ever letting Laura or Haley what it was.

"I AM CLEVER AND SLY. I LIKE TO PULL STRINGS. THERE IS NOBODY I WOULDN'T STAB IN THE BACK, AND THAT IS WHY I MAKE SURE TO NEVER BE IN THE FRONT."

Crystal shifted uncomfortably, suddenly very aware of Haley's presence beside her.

"MY THIRST CAN NO LONGER BE SATISFIED BY WATER. IT WILL BE DRY ON MY LIPS. ONLY FRESH EJACULATE WILL SUSTAIN MY BODY"

As her stomach sank, Crystal mused that she never heard a less appealing description of a blowjob.

Haley couldn't help but react.

"What the fuck? What kind of sick perverted fuck are you? Who gave you ideas for these punishments? High school boys?"

"I THINK YOU'LL FIND I KNOW EXACTLY WHICH LESSONS TO GIVE," The Goddess replied. Then Old Man Larry laughed, as if The Goddess had said something to him.

"With pleasure, Gloria," he said. "Hey there now Haley, I think it's time you gave me a blowjob."

"Fuck that fucking shit!" The skinny teen shouted while standing up and moving toward Larry who had recently become visible through the fog. She got on her knees without hesitation in front of him.

"Oh fuck no, fucking shit no, there's no fuckin-mmmph," Haley's protests were silenced as she fished Larry's already hard penis out of his cloth pants and stuck it in her mouth.

"And no complainin', ya hear? I want you silent and eager like a good little whore, heh heh heh."

Crystal watched in horror as the leader of the Mean Girls instantly stopped making noise around Larry's dick and started dutifully bobbing her head up and down. But through her terror, she felt a small hint of sick pleasure. The Mean Girls had found strength in each other, but not strength of real friendship. Their interactions were plagued with resentment and malice and Crystal couldn't help but feel satisfied watching the usually unbreakable girl sucking on an old geezer's dick.

Laura, however, was too busy dreading her own punishment.
