 Laura woke up to the smell of chicken noodle soup so delicious that for a moment she believed she was back at her grandmother's house, staying at home sick. She smiled and tried to pull the covers over her, but that's when she realized that there were no covers. There wasn't even a bed. Her eyes shot open and everything horrible came rushing back to her. She was still on the cold hard floor of that awful cave where she and her friends received their perverted curses.

Laura scoffed. Friends. As if. They had all abandoned each other without a second thought, and even worse - in Laura's opinion anyway - is that she wasn't surprised by it. She had been corrupted over the course of the semester. She was once a sweet and confident girl, able to go after what she wanted without pushing people out of her way to get there. She knew she had to stop blaming Haley and Crystal for her transformation. The choices she had made were her own and she had been paying for it in the extreme for as long as she had been in the cave.

"It's been a week, dear girl," a voice came from the dark, causing Laura to sit up straight despite her extremely stiff and bruised body.

"Goddammit, Larry, give me a break, will you?"

The old man wobbled his way into the light and sat down, looking more tired and feeble than Laura had ever seen him.

"I'm not gunna fuck you again, my pretty, not today," he said. Laura tried not too gag at the thought, remembering how her curse had caused her lust to overtake her when she either wore too much clothing or had her sizeable DD bust touched by somebody else. She had begged the old man to get her off and he had abused her cursed lust to have his way with her twice, including in her ass. Laura knew the man was cursed too, but no amount of sympathy could console her. He seemed sincere, however, and she let her guard down enough to talk to him.

"Is the soup from you?" The beautiful teen inquired.

"Sorta," said Larry, "I wish for stuff all the time down here, but I never know when it's gunna come true."

"Okay," Laura started, confused, but not particularly interested in getting too deep into conversation with Larry in case he changed his mind.

"It'll be safe to eat," he said anyway, "and likely tasty as shit, y'know. You've been eatin' her food all week. Out like a light for much of it," he continued, looking guilty as he said it.

"Yeah. Thanks," Laura said, avoiding the old man's eye and suddenly deciding to grab the soup and gulp it down, not even testing the temperature first. It was perfect, hwoever, and she felt inordinately refreshed afterward. Not even caring that she was still naked in front of Larry, Laura made her way over to one of the cave walls and sat up against it, deciding to take advantage of her mind that was finally both conscious and clear of lust. Larry didn't move, but kept his gaze on her. She ignroed him, but found it hard to concentrate as he continued to stare.

"Yer starting to look like her," Larry said, his old man eyes growing wider as he admired the young woman's attractive features and curvy body, "I know it don't make much sense, 'cause Gloria wasn't a, y'know..."

"A black girl?" Laura snapped, amazed that even in a magical cave, she came across people who just had to point out her skin colour.

"Yeah!" Said Larry, obliviously, happy that she seemed to be noticing his presence again. 

"I'm not your sister, Larry. I'm a college student who was an unbelievable bitch for a semester and because of that, I'm now stuck in a cave with an old man who abused the curse placed on me so that he could use me to get himself off. Unless that is somehow also a description of your precious Gloria."

Larry was quiet for a moment. "Y'know, I don't really remember."

Laura pushed down the drop of sympathy she felt by remembering the way Larry forced her to dirty talk his way to blowing an old man load deep in her asshole.

"Tough shit, Larry," she said instead, "I think I'm just going to go back to my dorm."

"Aren't you forgetting somethin'?" He cackled, sounding much more like the pervert she had first met. Laura rolled her eyes.

"Yes, I'm naked and cursed, I know. I'll sneak back into my room at night. Plus, better to have to fuck a hot guy at school because of my curse than your old man dick again."

"Best be careful, girl," Larry snarled, "I'm not a man you want to upset,"

"Yeah, so what? Didn't you say you were going to lay off today? Can't I be mad because of this shitty situation?"

"How do you think I feel?" Larry roared, standing up, and gaining height and strength as he spoke, "you try losing the only person you love to live in a cave for hundreds of years with practically no human contact!"

"Sorry," Laura mumbled, "still doesn't stop you from being a sick pervert."

"I guess not," the old man chuckled, hunching back over and looking his age again. Although did he say hundreds? Laura shuddered as she thought about the way he fucked her. He had had such strength and virility, more youthful than some of the guys her age that she fucked. She pushed the thoughts down. She needed to get out of the cave.

"I'm leaving now," is all she said.

"Heh heh heh, okay," Larry replied, "but you've got a friend in me, my pretty. Don't forget that you've got a lot in common with this old man."

"Sure sure," Laura said, barely listening as the thought of the outside world had brought back some of her life. "See ya in three weeks, old man," she said, referring to when the goddess of the cave said she would gather the three girls again, allowing them the choice to remove their punishments. She stood up, her heavy tits bouncing and swinging with her swift movements, and found her way to the exit, remembering that the path away from the torches was the way out. She could swear she heard Larry crying as she left the cavern room.

*************

Haley poked her head into the house. Jim had usually woken her up by this time to plow her with his monster cock and she was suspicious. She had been stuck at this farmhouse and living in the barn for the whole week she had been cursed so far, although they still didn't know that it was their commands that had been keeping her there. The goddess of the cave had ordered Haley to be unable to say no, and she was learning the details of what that meant during her forced stay. She had already grown to look forward to Jim's visits, however. He was out of shape and stupid and lazy, but he was somehow an amazing fuck, and not just because of his giant dick. Haley knew it was dangerous to enjoy anything that was a result of her punishment, but she still had plenty of hatred to go around, so she saw nothing wrong with enjoying getting regularly fucked. This morning, however, Jim hadn't woken her up with his usual crude dick slap and she went sneaking into the farm house to find him, forgetting to see if she could escape first, still not entirely aware of what commands had a hold over her.

"Hello?" she called, her silky voice misrepresenting her murky personality. She could hear voices upstairs and let herself in, closing the door behind her. She had actually yet to go in the house and fully believed that Jim was keeping her a secret from his father and a girl named Bessie Mae that he always referred to disdainfully. Haley figured she was Jim's stepmother, although it sounded like Hank and Jim were free to have their way with her. There was Hank too, but Jim seemed to have full control over him. Haley smirked at this. She could appreciate somebody who used fear to control others. Hank was weak and Haley had learned to hate him far more than his older brother. Jim was uglier, lazier, and stupider, but he was obviously in control. Hank was spineless and soft, and he was the one to accidentally trap her here in the first place to boot. 

Haley padded her way up the stairs, noticing the cliched farmhouse decor with pastel colours and homey decorations, her ears perking up at the sound of Jim's drawling voice. Haley was so disconnected from her emotions that she didn't even recognize the butterflies in her stomach as she thought about fat ugly Jim and his amazing cock. She followed her ears and as she got closer, she was definitely able to make out both Jim and Hank arguing in their usual way.

"Dad's gotta know sometime there, Jim," Hank stammered.

"Does he? The ol' coot jus' lazes around these days, let us have our fun."

"But aren't ya doin' that right now?"

"Aw, ol' Bessie Mae doesn't count, ain't dat right, slut?"

Haley's stoamch sunk as she heard a muffled moan of agreement. She had reached the door and planned on listening in on the conversation, but she burst into the room without thinking at that moment.

"What the fuck?!" she shouted at the sight in front of her. Hank was sitting contritely on a chair across from Jim who was seated on a bed. On her knees in front of him was what Haley assumed to be Bessie Mae. She was fully naked, and didn't take her round face off of Jim's giant dick, even with the noise. Bessie Mae was a very large girl, but even Haley was struck by her. Of course the former leader of the mean girls had a thousand insults flood into her mind at the sight of the girl's rolls of fat, but deep down, Haley knew that this girl was hot. Some girls, like Haley, were meant to be twigs and some girls, like Bessie Mae, were meant to be massive. What also surprised Haley was that Bessie Mae looked to be not much older than her. Her young face was bright and clear as it bobbed up and down gratefully on Jim's stiff cock, his legs smothered by the girl's unbelievably giant breasts.

"Oh hey there, girlie," Jim said, grinning up at Haley, "missin' my big dick already? Bessie Mae here unnerstands that."

Haley's eyes grew huge as Bessie Mae moaned in agreement, unable to come to terms with how upset the sight made her. Hank averted his eyes.

"No you dumb hick," Haley snarled, suddenly realizing in horror that if she had the ability to talk back, then she probably had had the ability to escape before she snuck in the house, "I was just about to leave."

She knew it was a mistake the moment she said it.

"Aw hell no," Jim said, "not affer all we done fer ya! Don't tell me yer mad jus' 'cause I got ol' Bessie Mae hooked back on my cock."

"You said you didn't like her!" Haley screamed, telling herself that her reaction was just a cause of extreme stress.

"Hell, I'll say anythin' when I'm horny, ain't that right, Bessie?" Jim said as Bessie gave out a gutteral moan and impressively sunk her face right into Jim's crotch, making his entire monster cock disappear. "Don't tell me ya thought I'd be happy wit jus' yer li'l boy body," the fat man laughed, his gut resting on Bessie Mae's head. Haley felt like crying and she didn't know why.

"You fucking prick," she said, "if you think I'm not going to tear your eyes out in two seconds, you got another thing coming."

"Jus' shut up and suck my brother's dick, won't cha?" Jim said, "the poor fuck's been so sad that you ain't taken a shine to 'im. No complainin', ya hear?"

But Haley had already sunken to her knees in front of Hank and was in the process of removing his pants, the command taking full control of her body, while her mind roared in protest. She just wanted Jim's monster cock. No, she just wanted to escape. No, she wanted to find that cave goddess and rip her to pieces. Wait, was that really the size of Hank's dick? How was he related to Jim and his perfect man meat? Hank was rock hard, but couldn't have been longer than three inches and it wasn't very thick to make up for it either. Still, she had been commanded to shut up and suck it, so she had no choice. The gorgeous angry teen stuffed the whole thing in her beautiful mouth and started to perform one of her expert blowjobs.

"She good, ain't she?" Jim said as Hank seemed to have no idea what to do. He was in obvious pleasure, but he also seemed terrified of Haley, not wanting his first sexual contact with her to be this way. "She gets all mad an' shit, but she knows her place. I bet she'd do anything ya tell her to."

Haley cursed Jim's words although strangely seemed opposed to getting too angry at him. She desperately hoped Hank would be too meek to try it out. She silently continued to suck on his tiny penis, hoping to make it quick. She found she couldn't make any noise, however, and tried to make up for it by playing with the man's dirty balls.

"Harhar!" Jim roared from behind her "See how easy that was, ya pussy! Ya coulda had this slut suckin' yer tiny dick days ago if ya jus-oooo, that's right, Bessie Mae, yeah, just like that you fat whore, ooo you're the best fucking cocksucker in the world."

Haley's cheeks flushed at Jim's words, wanting so badly to get her chance to make Jim say that to her. Instead, Hank just moaned awkwardly, obviously uncomfortable taking the sort of control that came naturally to Jim. 

Cum! Haley thought. Just give me your awful cum already so I can get this over with. 

Instead, she was subjected to the sound of Jim treating Bessie Mae to one of his signature loads. Haley remembered the first time he had made her drink his cum. It was only her second day there, but she already knew that she was lucky to have it. Why had she pretended to be so disgusted? This curse had already taught Haley something important. She had been wasting her time with those sluts Laura and Crystal. Jim was her true partner in crime. He truly knew what it took to make people follow him around. Not like that pussy Laura or that backstabber Crystal. 

"That's right, Bessie, you lucky girl, drink it all up like the good cowgirl you are, huh?" Jim growled to the beautiful fat girl servicing him. Haley scowled in her mind although she continued massaging Hank's dirty tiny dick with her teen tongue.

"How's the flat girlie?" Jim called to his brother while Bessie Mae loudly cleaned off Jim's cock.

"Um..." is all Hank said.

"C'mon now, ya pussy, ya gotta treat her like the whore she is, ya hear? This li'l girlie loves it when yer the dirty motherfucker ya truly are!" Jim roared in between moans indicating that Bessie knew how to bring a man down from an orgasm.

"You, uh, you like that?" Hank managed, his voice trembling. Haley was still under command to shut up and not complain, so she said nothing, only thinking about how she'd sooner roll around in her own vomit than blow this small-pricked whimp for another second.

"Nah, ya stupid fuck," Jim laughed, "tell her ta do somethin'! Say it forcefully! The stupid bitch won't be able to say no!"

Haley's heart skipped a beat although she knew that Jim only meant it as a figure of speech.

"I-I can't!" He said, "she's too pretty!"

"Bessie Mae's the prettiest girl I've ever seen," yelled Jim to Haley's dismay, "and I know ya think so too, so don't bullshit me, brother."

"I like her, I mean," said Hank. Haley felt like she could puke any second. She wished she could take this wimpy asshole's tiny cock out of her mouth.

"Fer fuck's sake," Jim said, "stop blowin' him already." Haley popped her mouth off the younger, more handsome hick faster than even she could have thought possible. She looked up at Jim gratefully. "Looks like she don't feel that way at all. Dumb girlies like her need a big cock and a firm hand. Yer'll always be a pussy, Hank," Jim said.

"C'mon, girlie, I'll give ya that fuck ya want so bad. Come here."

Haley gave Hank a smug smirk as his eyes welled up and she turned to Jim. Bessie Mae was lying on the floor, looking stunning and satisfied as she rolled softly back and forth, savouring the delicious load she had just received. Haley hated her and hated Hank and knew those facts would make this fuck even better. Jim was already starting to reraise his glorious prick as she made her way toward him, her black bob framing her sharp and gorgeous face, her boylike body still oozing sex. Hank cried softly.

"You wanna real dick, don't cha?" Jim said, and Haley only grinned. "You want a real daddy dick to stuff up that tiny snatch, don't cha?" Haley knew her pussy was soaked, but found that she still couldn't answer.

"Answer me, slut!"

"Yes, Daddy!" Haley moaned instantly, "I wanna be ripped open by your giant daddy dick. I wanna bounce on my daddy's cock like a good li'l slut."

While Haley had always loved dirty talk, it was Jim's influence that had made her incorporate the "daddy" stuff. She had never been able to understand the appeal, but nothing mattered when it came to Jim's perfect cock. If he wanted it, she would do it for him. She vaguely realized this could be the curse's influence, but she figured that anything that made her feel this good couldn't be a curse. She stripped unceremoniously for Jim, letting him know that she didn't want to waste time. He just grinned and leaned back on his hands, his giant cock as impressive as his gut. Haley shivered with desire for the unwashed man twice her age in front of her. She turned around and lowered herself onto his lap, gasping wildly as his engorged prick sunk into her teen pussy.

"I ferget jus' how tight ya are, ya whore," Jim growled as she continued to lowered herself down, looking to Hank like she might split in two. "Ya like what ya see, little brother?" Jim laughed, "this is how you fuck this little girlie, ain't that right?"

"Oh yes, daddy, oh yes. Oh yes, this is a real cock, daddy, not like Hank's pathetic little prick. It was so small and gross, Daddy," Haley moaned, the formerly socially invincible girl now at the whim of this hick's oversized dick. Hank was obviously crushed, but also wasn't able to look away. He had a huge crush on Haley, figuring that her attitude was just a result of being angry and scared. He thought she was so gorgeous and he just wanted to help her and make her feel safe. He was giving her too much credit, however, but he didn't know that. He felt horrible for watching, but he lusted after her too, and he had to admit that his brother knew how to make women look sexy. Bessie Mae never looked as hot as she did when Jim had his way with her. Well, excepting of course when-

"Oh FUCK!" Haley screamed, interrupting Hank's line of thought, and causing him to stare in awe at the writhing teen in front of him. She was doing all the work as Jim just sat there, her athletic tight young body worked in circles as she continued to get herself off on Jim's massive prick.

"You fuck her real good, Jimmy," Bessie Mae said, Haley hearing her sweet voice make a full sentence for the first time. Haley hated that even Bessie Mae's voice was hot, and she hated that it made her even more horny. Her mind conjured an image of Bessie Mae with a strap-on, the huge gorgeous girl taking her from behind as she sucked on Jim's delicious prick.

"Heh heh, that's right, Bessie," Jim replied, "this good girlie knows what's good fer her."

"Yes, Daddy, I dooo!" Haley moaned, letting her jealousy for Bessie and anger at Hank transform into lust for Jim. "I'm your little good girl slut! I'll ride your big dick any time you want, Daddy. I'll even suck on Hank's disgusting little prick again if you want me too. I'll do anything you say, Daddy! I promise!"

Haley didn't even care anymore. The curse was for another three weeks, but where else would she go? She had never been fucked so good in her life and if somebody as beautiful as Bessie Mae was made so happy by Jim's monster dick, then she knew she wasn't crazy. Or at least didn't care if she was. And this way she could still be on top like she was with the mean girls. The only difference was that she'd have to be her daddy's perfect slut to keep the power, and she knew that if anything, the curse would help her.

Jim grunted in pleasure, obviously struggling with being hard again so soon, but loving Haley's dirty talk, "I know ya will, whore," he managed. "heh, I bet ya'll even cum if I tell you too."
