 I just want to start off by saying that I know that there are no orcs or elves in Greek mythology, I just thought that they would be a good addition to the story. 

*************************

There was quite a commotion going on in Mount Olympus, some Gods were outraged, some didn't want to be there and some were drunk. Nevertheless, on this day every Olympian god and goddess were sitting on their designated thrones, wondering why they were called here. 

"What is the meaning of this Zeus! Why do you call us here?" Said Hades, furious he was pulled out of the underworld.

"I didn't call anyone, I assure you," Zeus said trying to calm him.

"Oh this is just a huge waste of time, who called us Zeus?" Hermes complained.

"I did," said Aphrodite as she walked in the meeting room completely naked, exposing her perfect perky breasts and beautiful wet crotch. Her beauty wasn't matched by anyone in the mortal world or on Olympus and despite her charm and wit she wasn't loved by the rest of the Olympians. Her unpopularity in Olympus was mostly due to her love of mortals. She was the only Goddess other than Athena that had a clergy dedicated to her and she frequently assisted mortals on quests and wars.

"Really, who let this happen, why are we listening to this whore," Hades hissed, ready to stand up and return to the underworld.

"You fools! Do you have any idea of what is happening in the mortal world!" She shouted. 

"I don't know and I don't care," Athena quipped. 

"Athena, you of all people! Don't you know that Medusa is loose!" The minute those words left her mouth every Olympian stopped and listened attentively to what she had to say.

"Th-that's impossible, I trapped her at the end of the world, she can't leave," Athena said. 

"Yes well, she did, and guess what, she's not turning people into stone, she's hypnotizing them. Do you have any idea how much damage she could do to your temples and shrines. She wants vengeance," Aphrodite said. 

"How will we stop her, it's to risky for an Immortal to confront her. With one of us under her control she could destroy anything," Hermes asked. 

"One of my top priestesses is already on it, it will take a while but she will defeat Medusa," She said confidently. 

"Wait, wait, did you say one, please tell me she's an Orc," Hades said. 

"I cannot have my entire clergy attempting to fight Medusa and no, she is not an Orc. Those foul creatures cannot be members of my church. She is human, human and skilled in combat," 

"A human against an immortal monster, the odds aren't exactly in our favor. This better work Aphrodite," Zeus said. 

"I agree, This all seems futile, there is no way any human can defeat Medusa without the help of powerful, Elven magic, and you don't have any shrines or temples in the Elven Capitol," Athena said.

"I assure you, It will work and as for the lack of magic, I already have the perfect elf," 

**********

Adric ran and squeezed through the crowds of people in line to purchase potions or food as he tried to make it to his shop. Nadilia was a busy place, it was mostly populated by humans and orcs, which is why living there was so hard for him. He was the only elf in Nadelia and although the humans accepted him, he was not well received by the orcs. He had learned to ignore their prejudice though, and he did his best to avoid them. 

Adric was very, very late. People expected him to be at his shop at seven and it was already eight. He ran through the crowds for two minutes until he finally made it to his shop. To his disappointment, the line to get in was massive and the people in it were not in a good mood. It was going to be a long day. 

It was hard being the village blacksmith, it was his job to build all the weapons in Nadelia and enchant every one of them. As he unlocked the door he could hear the customers screaming and groaning. He was used to this by now, the people of Nadelia weren't exactly known for their patience. He worked every day from morning to night, forging and enchanting the villager's weapons and armor and he made a very substantial living out of it. It's not like they could go to anyone else to enchant their weapons. He was the only elf in town, and that meant the only one who had any knowledge of magic. 

Adric did little to set up his shop. All he did was set up a table and grab a piece of paper to write down each customers name and how they wanted their item enchanted. He sat down in front of the table and took the first customer's order. 

The first customer was a strong, beautiful female orc. She was wearing the typical female orc attire which was a small brown cloth to cover her breasts and a brown loin cloth to cover her crotch. 

"Good morning," he said, not expecting any type of friendly response. 

"Enchant these for me will ya. I demand an endurance spell and a durability spell," she groaned, plopping a huge silver sword on the table and beginning to leave.

"You forgot my payment miss," he said.

"Hah, I'm not paying a weakling like you, and I want it by tomorrow," she scoffed, beginning to walk out the door . 

Adric was used to this type of treatment and he knew the only way for it to stop was through force. Without thinking he picked up his wooden bow and aimed it at her. He shot the arrow and it landed right where he wanted it. The arrow ripped right through the flimsy cloth covering her breasts and the cloth fell to the floor, exposing her small, perky boobs.

"Shit, damn you elf," she said covering her breasts.

"No pay, no enchantment," he said smirking.

"Here's your payment, I hope you rot in Hades, you weakling," she said putting the cloth back over her breasts and stomping away. 

The rest of the customers gave him no trouble, except for some orcs who demanded all their armor be enchanted in two hours. After he was finished with the bulk of the customers he was able to start enchanting items and this would take him the whole night to finish. 

This was his entire routine, he did this everyday without fail. He wished he could leave Nadelia, he really did, but what would he do? His entire life was here, and the only other thing he was skilled in other than being a blacksmith was archery. He could join the elven army, but why would he risk his life like that? This internal monologue played over and over in his head while he kept on enchanting the items. 

It was already four in the afternoon and he was almost done enchanting all the villager's weapons. He had just begun to enchant the last weapon when he heard his door creak open. He kept on enchanting, without looking at the customer and when he heard the person approach his desk he began to speak.

"Good morning," he said looking down at the weapon, not expecting any response.

"Oh, and a great morning to you too! I must say your looking great, It's refreshing to see an elf in a village full of humans and orcs," a cute, female voice said, to Adric's surprise.

Adric looked up and saw her, the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in his entire life. She was human and completely naked except for some silver boots that reached her knees, some leather gloves that stretched to her elbows, and a brown utility belt around her waist. She was extremely fit, with a flat stomach and a cute ass and her pussy was puffy and pink. She had a face that rivaled the elven queen's and long, orange hair that almost reached her waist. She was absolutely stunning but what really got his attention were her massive, perky breasts. They were firm but looked very soft and they sagged just a little, giving them a softer, more sensitive look. They were truly the biggest and most beautiful breasts he had ever seen.

"H-hi, do you want anything enchanted?" He said looking straight at her huge fleshy boobs and hard pink nipples. 

"Oh yes, if you wouldn't mind, I have two daggers here I would like you to enchant, take your time though, there's no hurry at all," she said placing two golden daggers on his table.

"Woah! Where'd you get these, there fantastic!" He said temporarily taking his eyes off her chest and admiring the expensive, deadly weapons. 

"It was a gift from the head priestess. You see, I'm on a mission given to me from Aphrodite herself, maybe one of the most important missions in the clergy right now," she boasted. 

"Oh, your one of the priestesses of Aphrodite! I've heard lots of rumors of your missions but your temple is in Rome, that's more than a months trip from here," he said. 

"Yes, I have been traveling for many days now. I've been mostly sleeping on trees and in small inns. It's been horrible but i've made it through, I can't give up now can I," she said with a cute, optimistic smile. 

"That's great, you know I wish I could leave this crappy town, nobody wants me here anyways," he said beginning to enchant her daggers. 

"Hey, don't be hard on yourself little elf, what you do is important. Besides, I'm in the town now too you know and I like you," she said moving closer to him so that she was standing directly beside him. 

"Yeah, well I guess that's one person," he said looking up at her and smiling. 

"Ha, well it's an improvement isn't it," she said reaching down and caressing his cock through the fabric of his leather pants. 

"mm-W-wait, wait woah, I don't even know your name, I-I can't do this," he said moving her hand away. 

"Why not little elf, I am a priestess of Aphrodite you know, it's my job to provide pleasure. It's not like I haven't noticed you admiring my orbs," she said squeezing and massaging her exposed breasts,"Oh and my name is Jade, and you are?" 

"Adric, I'm Adric," he stuttered.

"Mmm, Adric, what a gorgeous name. Now, don't be shy, all I want to do is pleasure you," She said rubbing his throbbing cock. 

"Ughh, mmm, I can't believe I'm doing thi...," he said interrupted by a loud knock on the door. 

"Let me in, let me in right now, I know your here!" said a deep male voice followed by more knocking. 

"Oh no, oh no no no no, they followed me all the way here! How could they have followed me!" She said panicking and picking up her daggers.

"Who? Who followed you?" Adric said. 

"Medusa," she said noticeably nervous. 

"Medusa? Come on, she's a fairy tail. Besides, if she were here, everyone in this town would lose it," he said.

"No, no, no, Medusa can sort of, hypnotize people. It's not really her it's the people under her control," She said looking back at the door and panicking. 

Everything was happening too quick, he couldn't keep track, let alone focus. How could he, this lady was naked!

"Look, Just hide here and don't look at the eyes, eyes are bad, remember that," she said pushing him behind his desk just before the people outside busted the door open. The intruders were three huge male orcs with peculiar glowing red eyes. Adric was nervous but he remembered what Jade said, eyes are bad.

"I don't want to hurt you, but if you don't turn back around I will," Jade said with a confident, sexy pose. Adric was nervous, what was she doing, she couldn't fight naked could she? One of the orcs took one step toward her and she immediately jumped and kicked him in the face. She pulled out her daggers and slashed his face. Before the other orc could react, she punched him in the stomach and stabbed him in the chest. She had just taken out two orcs in less than fifteen seconds. 

"Haha! I fought them off, thanks for the new daggers Adric, you were a big help," she said jumping and screaming in excitement. Adric should've been looking at her huge bouncing breasts but he knew something wasn't right.

"There was three orcs," he said desperately looking around his house. 

"What?" She said, very confused.

"I said there were three orcs, you only took down one, where's the third?" He said with a hint of fear in his voice. 

"Y-your right, where is he?" She said looking around the house until she finally saw the third orc, hiding in a dark spot of the shop. 

She tried to react, but It was too late, In a minute there were two huge arms around her. She managed to free herself but the Orc was still one step ahead, he pushed her against the wall and started throwing punches at her stomach. 

"H-help A-Adric, please," Adric frantically looked around for his bow and arrow and he finally saw it thrown on the floor. 

Meanwhile, Jade was struggling to stay conscious. The beast had moved from punching her stomach to punching and aggressively groping her huge, sensitive breasts. He kept on punishing her soft flesh until Adric shot an arrow straight through his head. Jade saw Adric run over to her but she couldn't keep herself together, she fell on the floor and fainted. 

**********

Jade woke up dazed and confused, she had a throbbing headache and her breasts hurt like hell. She seemed to be lying naked on a small, comfortable bed. She was stripped of the little armor she had, including her golden daggers. As her eyes adjusted to the dim torch light she realized she wasn't in Adric's shop. She sat up and panicked for a moment but calmed down when she saw Adric next to her. 

"Hey, lay down priestess, you got pretty beat up," he said smiling and brewing a strange red elixir in a small cauldron. 

"Please, just call me Jade and if it wasn't for you, godess knows where I'd be, where are we?" She said laying back down on the bed. 

"My house, you like it?" He said. 

"Mhm, it's nice, let me take a closer look at it...ohhhh," 

As she tried to stand up she felt a sharp pain in her stomach. 

"Hey, hey, hey lie down, you have two broken ribs," he said pouring the red elixir in a wooden cup. 

"Ahh, my orbs hurt like hell," she said wincing and caressing the soft, sensitive flesh. 

"Tip, try to cover your weak spots, that's going to save you a lot of trouble," he said giving her the strange red liquid.

"What's this?" Jade said slowly sitting up and grabbing the cup. 

"It's a healing potion, it should get you back to normal in a few minutes," he said as he watched her drink the entire thing. 

"Ughh, that stuff sucks," she said lying back down. 

"Yeah, I'd take it over two broken ribs though," he said lying right next to her on the bed. A few slightly awkward moments passed until Jade began to speak. 

"Hey Adric," Jade said.

"Yep," 

"Thanks a lot for everything, you've been the kindest person I've met on this mission," she said smiling at him and putting her head on his shoulder. She then began to rub his cock again through the fabric of his pants.

"It's really n-no problem," he said, obviously nervous. 

"Why so tense? Just relax, pleasure is good, it's divine. Besides, you deserve this, it's the least I can do," she said with a reassuring smile,"I think I'm healed enough to move around a bit," 

With that, Jade sat up and unbuttoned Adric's shirt. Adric thought of saying something but he was too entranced by Jade's sexy naked body. After she took his shirt off, she focused her attention on his leather pants. She made sure she did everything slow and sexy. Part of her training as a priestess was to quench people's sexual desires, and she, more than anyone else, knew the importance of foreplay. 

"Adric, I'm impressed, you have a big tool, looks like your not the only one that's going to have fun tonight," she said winking and throwing his leather pants on the floor. 

Jade slowly bent over and lightly licked the top of Adric's hard member, causing it to twitch in excitement. She smiled and licked it again but this time she caressed his smooth balls at the same time, resulting in a moan from Adric. After teasing his cock for a while she finally took the whole length of it in her mouth and began deep throating him. She was unbelievably good at this, and Adric didn't know how long he could last with her warm mouth pleasuring his hard member. 

As if she knew he was close, Jade began to increase the vigor of her blow job and in just one minute Adric came all over Jade's huge boobs. 

"How was that? Good?" She said wiping the hot cum off her face.

"J-Jade that was just amazing," He replied panting and exhausted. 

"Well Good, cause I'm not done yet," She said climbing on top of him so that his limp dick was pressing against her wet pussy and her massive fleshy boobs were pressed against his chest. In this exact position their lips touched and they began passionately kissing. Jade took the initiative and infiltrated Adric's mouth with her warm tongue. After a while Adric did the same and the kiss became an aggressive make out session. They were both sweaty and hot and when they broke the kiss, Adric decided that he wanted to be in control for a while. He turned her around and began groping and massaging her beautiful boobs.

"Mmm, ughh, s-suck them p-please," she said squirming and gasping. 

Adric did what she said and he took her tits in his mouth. He lightly bit the very sensitive flesh and then began to suck on her pink nipples. To his surprise, after a while of sucking on her huge tits, warm, sweet milk began to fill his mouth. The milk was creamy and delicious but for the record he was completely freaked out. 

"W-what, how?" He said as he stopped sucking and looked at her in awe. 

"A gift from the Goddess," she said proudly,"All Priestesses of Aphrodite have it," 

"No, I mean, it's actually really good," he said.

"Yes, this milk was given to me by the Goddess herself, made by the same nectar the Olympians drink. It provides a number of health benefits and it's a natural Aphrodisiac. it's not to be wasted but in your case I'll make an exception," she said grabbing Jake's head and bringing it closer to her nipple. 

At that Adric continued sucking and drinking her sweet milk. It was strange but the milk was unbelievably good, and Jade seemed to enjoy the feeling of him sucking on her sensitive nipples. After a while he stopped sucking and he caught his breath. The milk was good but it also made him extremely horny and he was dying for Jade's tight pink pussy. As if she knew exactly what he was thinking, Jade pushed Adric on his back and crawled on top him so that she was sitting on his stomach. 

"Are you ready little elf," she said squeezing one of his balls teasingly. 

"Are you ready to have the greatest orgasm of your life?" He said smiling. 

"We'll see about that," she said as she positioned her quivering pussy over his cock so the tip was just slightly brushing up against Jade's moist slit. After teasing him a bit she slowly sat on his large dick and she began thrusting up and down. As the thrusts became more aggressive she heard Adric moan and she groped her own massive breasts. Jade began to thrust her hips faster and faster, she needed more pleasure, it was too good. With every thrust Jade's huge boobs bounced and jiggled and her moans combined with her tight, warm pussy around his cock brought Adric to the edge of orgasm.

As her thrusting continued Jade felt the orgasm approaching too. Her tight pussy walls clenched and flexed around Adric's cock, he couldn't take it anymore, it was too good. 

"Oh fuck, J-Jade I'm going to cum," he screamed. 

"Y-yes, cum inside me, please cum inside me, I won't get pregnant I promise," she said purposely clenching her pussy while still sitting on his dick. 

This brought Adric over the edge, he moaned loudly and sent waves of hot spunk deep into Jade's hungry pussy. Jade screamed in pleasure as she felt the warm, thick liquid inside her and as she got off his cock, cum noticeably dripped from her sore pussy. She laughed under her breath and laid directly next to Adric. She snuggled closer to him so that her breasts were pressed against his body and after two minutes of laying down like this, Adric spoke. 

"Jade," he whispered, looking straight into her beautiful hazel eyes.
