 The year is 2032 and pornography has changed a lot. It is generally better, more varied, and more widely accessible and acceptable. And since ordinary people started doing their own porn movies for their own pleasure, and making blockbuster hits out of them, the emotions expressed in such movies have become far more real. So it's come a long way.

But anyway, porn movies are now considered a fairly serious art form, and it is, as it has been since the beginning, a blossoming industry. One form of today's porn makes use of ordinary people - mostly men - who are told to come to a certain place, where willing women will meet them, and they will participate in an orgy which will be captured on celluloid.

Today I heard a rumor that such a film was being staged in the suburbs. I caught a bus to the place where it was supposed to be, and apparently a lot of guys on this bus was heading the same way. I didn't actually place a terrible lot of trust in the rumor, and I didn't expect to actually be in one of these movies, either. But, just for the hell of it, I figured it was worth a shot.

The bus drove and drove, and I started thinking that we were probably long past the place where we were supposed to be, but I was wrong. The bus turned down a road filled with condemned buildings and unloaded us. And sure enough, six or seven near-naked women were rapelling down the walls, lewdly kissing and licking each other, and making themselves ready for us.

However, there were far more men than women, so a bunch of us was led to another building, where the same thing happened. We went into this old, dilapidated office block, and in the hallway naked girls were waiting. It was a hell of a thing! And I noticed that another group of regular joes, also carted in from downtown, had joined us.

Trouble was, there were still more men than women. So the guys scrambled to get to a girl before the others, and in seconds most girls were taken. The frenzy was too intense and I was too slow.

However, just as I thought I'd "missed the bus", so to speak, a woman pushed past me. She was getting solicitations from the left-over men over and over, but she refused. She didn't look like the other women; she was petite, had short brown hair and wore plain clothes (dark blue jeans and an azure woolly sweater), but she was still cute. As she brushed by me, I spun around, reached out and padded her lightly on the back of her shoulder, attempting to get her attention. She didn't break stride, nor did she look back.

Seconds later, she was out in the street, still turning down guys left and right. Determined not to give up so easily, I ran after her, and as she disentangled herself from the male masses and started up the street, I gave her a holler. "Hey!" She turned to look at me. Like a shmuck, I said nothing, but just stretched out my arms in opposite directions, showing myself off, and looking expectantly at her with a quite comical "Eh? Eh?! Ain't I a fine figure of a man, huh? Come on, admit it!" expression on my face.

And I'll be damned, but it did the trick! She smiled, shook her head and sighed, then laughed, then motioned for me to come to her. I did, and put an arm around her neck as we strolled up the street together. Cool. What's gonna happen next, I wondered, assuming that we were soon gonna be filmed having wild, steamy sex.

Instead, she hailed a cab and got us into it. "I'm Phoebe", she said. "Murphy", I said, taking her hand gallantly. She smiled. I said, "So, where are we headed?"

"My place, I suppose", said Phoebe.

"Is that where the cameras are?" I foolishly inquired.

"Not really, no", she said.

"Then I don't understand", I said earnestly.

"Look, I got to that place on a bus just like the rest of you. I had no idea what it was about until I was in the middle of it and it kinda became obvious."

"Oh jeez... - So you're not even part of the...?" The truth finally dawned on me, and I felt stupider than ever.

"No!" she said emphatically. God, I was embarrassed!

"But... but then, why did you... uh, pick me up?" Sounding like fool is hard work, believe me, but it is the one thing I truly master. Or maybe it's all in my head. At least this girl seemed to be looking past it.

"Don't rightly know!" she smiled. "I just liked you. I decided to take a chance on you, for once. You gotta take some chances now and again." She smiled again.

"So, basically..." I tried finding the proper words, but Phoebe beat me to it.

"We're going back to my place to have sex, yes. Why not?" 

Why not indeed!! Good Lord! I'd gotten lucky after all, and Phoebe actually seemed like a damn sight more interesting, not to mention intelligent, than some bimbo porn actress. She smiled at me again, giving me a chance to ogle her golden-brown eyes and freckles and appreciate her near-black hair. Damn, she was quite a looker!

When we got to her apartment Phoebe insisted we take separate showers before getting down to the action. I went first, and she gave me a robe to wear afterwards. When she emerged from her shower, she wasn't wearing a robe, but simple white underwear; panties and a t-shirt and nothing else. She didn't look like a pornstar, but she was very sexy to me all the same. Her breasts weren't large, but they fit her physical proportions. Everything about her was pretty and natural, and her skin was smooth and beautiful. 

Her face was the best part. Even in its relaxed state it was wildly appealing. The heights of beauty it would radiate when she was in the throes of sexual passion could only be guessed at. But if things went well, I wouldn't need to guess.

Phoebe didn't waste any time. She placed herself with her front up against the heavy wooden dinner table, and strutted her shapely panty-covered buns in my direction.

She said, "In my exerience it is the measure of a man's sexual proficiency how he does it from behind." Her eyes were full of "come hither" glints and left no doubt as to what she expected of me. She was going to test my 'sexual proficiency', no less.

I remember thinking, "Please, Lord, don't let me screw up this time!"

Determined to do a spectacular job on her I approached Phoebe from behind and slowly started rolling down her panties. Mmmm, the feel of her skin was like a dream! She might not be topheavy, but she sure had a tail to die for! Such curves, such softness, such promise of undulating passion! My mouth watered in anticipation. I couldn't help kissing that sweet skin, licking it, nuzzling my face into these marvelous rear cheeks. From the way she squirmed and moaned, it appeared Phoebe was liking it. So far, so good.

Having rolled the panties all the way down, I got her to step out of them. Being hunched down to move them off, I slowly started rising again, this time focusing my attention on Phoebe's delicious naked legs, slowly, teasingly, working my caresses upward.


I have never seen sexier legs than these, and I "saw" them with my fingers as well as my eyes, feeling every nook and cranny, tracing every muscle, licking her irresistable calves, lovingly cupping her delicate knee caps, making my way upward.

I lingered long at her thighs, kneading them, pressing my face against them, licking, sucking and sniffing them in order to saturate my senses with her taste, her scent, her essence. It must have been a success, because I soon noticed a new and much more aromatic scent.

Close as I was to Phoebe's crotch, the pheromonal smell of fresh sweat and female sexual nectar hit me with instant results. I was like a flameless torch that had suddenly been stuck into a Midsummer bonfire. My blood pumped, my heart banged in my eardrums, and my saliva production must have increased twentyfold. As I gave Phoebe's upper inner thighs their last licks, I was literally drooling on her. Through all this, Phoebe herself was quiet, only breathing heavily, in fits and starts, and letting out little periodic moans.

Just to make absolutely sure she was ready for penetration, I brought a hand up between her legs to check for lubrication. The fingers I brushed across her soft-haired entrance returned to me covered with exquisitely fragrant female juices, telling me that there could be no more delay.

I opened my robe, revealing my throbbing, blood-gorged erection. Phoebe's eyes were closed in passion and anticipation, she didn't turn to look. I brushed my hands up her delectable buns once more, and then I placed my hands softly on her waist, gently pulling her hips toward me to let her know I needed access.

She complied, lowering the trunk of her body and extending her behind as fully as she could, deftly and unspeakably sexily making her vaginal cleft appear below her cheeks and between her thighs, granting me easy access (as well as the most arousing sight of my life).

I was dizzy with desire as the head of my manhood slowly broached Phoebe's sweet, sweet pussy. Just touching the entrance sent wild shivers through me. Slowly, infinitely slowly, I pressed onward, my erection feeling more powerful and bloated than ever before. I blissfully entered Phoebe's tight, wet, feminine confines, and felt like my male organ was being swallowed by a sweetness and freshness that urged my penetration ever further into this magnificent female. As if a fantastic power resided there that she and I could free by letting it fuel our loin-locked passion.

Drawing on that self-same power we started sliding in and out of each other, intensifying the genital friction. How I kept from climaxing at the moment I first entered her, I'll never know. But I managed to hold off until I had filled her completely and repeatedly with about a hundred strokes. Then the mystic power of the climax took over, and in a few fabulous seconds the speed and power of my strokes increased, and I moaned loudly as I banged my copious sperm deep into hot Phoebe's hotter womb, making her young body quake with the simultaneous orgasm that she had been building to and counting on.

Whoa. Superb. Now, surely *that* must constitute a success! And sure enough, as we disconnected, she turned around in all her sweat-glistening splendor and whispered to me,

"You passed the test." Almost breathlessly, she panted, "Boy, did you ever!" She moved in to kiss me, and I mirrored the motion. Our mouths met, for the first time, in the most gratifying and passionate kiss of my life. I was falling for this girl big time.

She led us to the bed, where we settled down, kissing all the while.

"You've been a very good boy, Murph", she said, and there was promise in her voice and in her actions, as she removed her t-shirt to let me revel in her total nudity.

Being thoroughly in lust like this, newly intoxicated with each other's bodies, wild horses wouldn't have prevented us from going again.

With her small delicate hands Phoebe made sure my waning hardness was resurrected, which, in the presence of her radiantly naked chest presented no difficulty. With a large pillow between the wall and my back, I was sitting up on the bed, and Phoebe moved one leg across me to straddle me, slowly and sensuously impaling herself on my eager, masculine hardness. I filled her to the limit.

For a long while we simply enjoyed the feel of each other's close and intertwined bodies, drowning ourselves in rapt embracing and kissing, cultivating our profound intimacy and newfound love. I showered her breasts with kisses and licks, opening myself to the full impact of this fabulous female's magnetic physicality.

Then, slowly, Phoebe began rocking herself back and forth on top of me, ever so gently, and I matched her moves as best I could. We continued the love-making slowly, hotly, sweatily, and the pleasure kept building, surely, subtly, sensuously.

The climax was approaching slowly and inexorably, but we had all the time in the world to make it arrive, and the meantime was ours. It must have been close to three hours of the highest order of sensual delight when the flaring fires of the first orgasm consumed us.

We didn't stop there; we felt far too good. We continued to ride each other for another hour and a half, topping it off with one last frenzied coupling that delivered the final and most intense orgasm. For Phoebe it lasted several precious minutes, and I did my utmost to ride out the wave of her pleasure, letting it rub off on me.

Finally Phoebe let herself collapse on me, and I relished in the feel of her sweaty naked body lying on mine. We moved to lie next to each other, more than ready for a good night's sleep. I kissed her, and she moved her left leg in between mine before we drifted off to sleep.

This girl - her essence, fragrance; her character - was now a permanent part of me, and this would be so whether she sent me away in the morning or became the love of my life.

* * *