 *Updated version

The continuation of Abandoned with the Enemy with the former human soldier Rafe and his wives, the former feline Silth soldiers Tashee and Naylee.

This takes place about fourteen years later.

*Literotica rules apply.

*

Naylee moaned and clawed at the flat rock under her while her body wriggled uncontrollably from the pleasure brought on by Rafe's tongue between her legs. He growled his desire for her into her wet mound while he licked every pink part of her exposed mound, her taste and scent an addiction to him, just like those of Tashee who was recovering from the climax he had given her earlier.

The Silth woman was smiling at the sight of their human lover, husband and father of their daughters giving bliss to her first daughter. She looked hungry at his dripping erection but she wasn't allowed to touch him until he had finished worshipping his women. This time he didn't want them to use their mouths on him, he wanted their pussies first thing and she couldn't wait until he would enter her next. She kept her hands and claws pressed against the front of her hips, biting back the desire to touch herself because she wanted him to do it.

Naylee arched her back and let out a long yowl in ecstasy as her whole body got engulfed in the waves of her climax. She panted hard while she slumped back down on the rock, purring loud. She held out a trembling arm to Rafe to beckon him up to her. He smiled and kissed his way up her soft furred body, pausing shortly to kiss her hard nipples one more time, then kissed her throat with a soft growl and finally kissed her passionately, their tongues intertwined in their deep love.

When he pulled back she smiled softly at him, her hand moving tenderly down his arm. 'That was wonderful again.'

He looked into her beautiful yellow eyes which attracted him no less in all these years. 'What's wonderful is doing it with you.' He saw Tashee squirming her body while she sat on her knees and turned to her with a smile. 'In fact, anything we do just feels wonderful.'

Rafe sat up on his knees and Tashee moved up to straddle him, closing her blue eyes and sighing with satisfaction the moment he entered her as she lowered herself onto him. He let out a long soft growl when the wet heat wrapped tightly around him, making him twitch inside her already.

She opened her eyes to gaze deep into his blue-grey ones, her heart beating hard for the one who saved them in more than one way and smiled, her breath already heavy. 'This thing will never be any less than the best.'

He pressed his tip deep inside against her womb, kissing her softly on her lips. 'All thanks to you, my feline angels.'

She matched his slow rhythm, grinding her hips against his, her arms wrapped behind his strong neck while his fingers ran with loving care through her fur along her curves and back while they let their tongues meet again.

Her abdomen tensed with every slow thrust inside her, building up the pressure for the next climax from deep inside her. Her whole body burned for him, begging for his touch and love.

Rafe's heart pounded in his chest in an attempt to break free and prove just how much he desired these heavenly creatures. The tight sensation inside her was as hot as it had been the first time and he still had a hard time controlling himself after all these years and what felt a million times he had made love to them. He groaned with the increasing twitching shooting through his erection and going up his spine.

Tashee felt it triggering her own twitches and clamped down on him with each one, breaking down both of their control on holding back their climax.

Naylee had regained enough of her energy to crawl up against his side and he wrapped one arm around her, pulling her tight against him to alternate kissing between his lovers. The sensation of their warm furry bodies and their soft breasts poking their nipples against him made him thrust harder inside Tashee, making her moan hard with each burst of pleasure as she felt him hit her deepest area.

She squeezed hard on him, moaning for him to fill her with his seed again when she recognised his increased tension inside her. He couldn't hold back and came inside her with a drawn out groan as if floodgates had opened up inside his balls and a torrent of seed rushed inside her. The heat rushed through her body, followed by a shivering climax that left her breathless for a moment.

She slumped against him, her face buried in his neck and purred loud in his ear. He held her tight, their hearts beating against each other's chests while Naylee kissed him, running her hand through the back of his hair.

'I could feel both your climaxes.' she said with a soft smile. 'Almost made me come.'

Rafe grinned a little. 'Sounds like the beginning of a promise to have you come for real.'

She smirked a little. 'I believe it is, yes.'

Tashee nuzzled his cheek. 'If you always promise that, I'm going to touch myself any time I see you. Or even not see you to make you fulfil that promise.'

He turned his head to kiss her. 'Damn, woman. You two are going to be the death of me.'

'Want to die in another way?' she grinned devilishly.

'Hell no! Bring it on!' he chuckled. 'Only let it last for at least another hundred years.'

Tashee chuckled and reluctantly slid off his lap, the mix of their fluids dripping out of her. 'Then let it be known that the last human here was killed by the last two of his enemy, the Silth. They all died with smiles on their faces.'

'I think mine would be a huge satisfied grin.' he chuckled and kissed her again before Naylee straddled him and guided his seemingly never-ending erection into her hungry pussy.

'I'm not letting you get away as long as this thing works.' sighed Naylee, her body itching from the inside as he filled her up. 'Going to keep you alive by any means necessary.'

Rafe pulled Tashee against his side and chuckled. 'I wonder what it would be like, making love to you as a zombie.'

Naylee caressed his cheek with her hand. 'Probably mostly the same, you stiff and groaning in hunger.'

He growled playfully in her neck and pushed hard inside her, making her yowl in sudden pleasure. 'I guess I'm covered then.' he grinned in her neck and bit her gently, sending shivers down her back.

She rode him gently and deep, giving him time to build up his energy while she kissed him and Tashee kissed his neck, her hands moving down their backs. Their attention soon brought him back to full force and he thrusted harder inside her. She moaned harder and squeezed herself around him, his familiar shape inducing the best sensation inside her. She couldn't get enough of him and arched her back, pressing her mound hard against his hilt.

He bend forward to kiss the top of her breasts and lick her nipples while Tashee pressed her breasts against his back, running her hands along his own chest. Embraced in their warmth, Naylee moaning and Tashee purring, the twitching inside his erection followed soon.

Naylee moaned and rode him faster as she felt it inside her. Each thrust pumped more and more pleasure inside her and she felt like she could fly. There hadn't been a single moment where he wasn't able to stir up her insides and make her heart race for him.

Rafe groaned harder as he felt the pressure inside him grow. He would release his seed inside them constantly if his balls could keep up and they would have taken it too, their body and minds never letting go of their hunger for him. The frequent squeezing of her abdomen told him he wouldn't have to wait long to let go.

Naylee panted and moaned as they slammed their hips together. He groaned as he furiously licked her nipples and made her whole chest itch in pleasure. She started to lose control and buckled her hips, gasping for breath as the pressure inside reached its maximum.

Her words came out as incoherent groans before a hard thrust triggered her explosive climax, her final hard squeeze breaking his hold and extending her climax as his seed shot inside her and filled her up more with heat.

They panted and looked each other in the eyes with satisfied half grins while the throbbing inside her rippled through her whole body.

Rafe leaned back his head and turned it to kiss Tashee while she embraced him from behind.

'Perfection doesn't even come close to you girls.' he said, looking proudly into their eyes.

Tashee gave him another deep kiss. 'Then how come you got this close to us?'

'My camouflage and stealth training?'

Naylee chuckled and pressed her soaking mound hard against him, causing his erection to twitch. 'You think you can hide with this poking out and the wild scent you give off?'

He grinned. 'Well, maybe I can fix that.' he said, pulled out of Naylee quick enough to make her gasp, then stood up, taking their hands in his and pulled them to the edge of the flat rock and jumped with them into the pool of cool water fed by a small waterfall in a rocky corner of the hill.

They dove the couple of metres down to the bottom and he turned to admire the grace with which they could swim in the clear water. They turned to him and kissed him quickly before going up for air.

After a while of lazily drifting in the water they got together and he washed their bodies while they washed him. After some more fondling and very wet kissing they returned to the sun warmed rock and snuggled up together to dry, still aroused but preferring to have a nap in the sun first.

'I really feel like king of this island.' Rafe said, holding his wives close while they laid with their heads on his shoulders.

Tashee traced the muscles on his heaving chest. 'But you are king of this island.'

He chuckled. 'Yeah, but it still feels so unreal, all these years here with you two and our children. It has been thirteen years already. I mean, you even speak my language so much better than you used to as if you've always spoken it.'

Naylee kissed his cheek. 'It is real though and your language is easier for us than ours for you.'

He gave her a kiss, then Tashee. 'I know it's real, but before all this, life in my dreams was better than the real thing. Now it's the opposite.'

Tashee smiled deviously. 'We could make it worse if that makes you feel better?'

He chuckled. 'Please no! I'm glad the worst torture is having to wait until I get to kiss or touch you.'

Naylee ran a single claw down his chest, giving him goosebumps. 'Good answer. Don't want to stay apart either.'

Tashee ran her hand slowly across his goosebumps to make them disappear. 'That's why times like this feel so much better. Even if I love our children.'

'Yeah.' said Rafe. 'They were a miracle.'

She moved her hand down his tight abdomen and caressed his erection. 'I wish I could have had more of your children. Maybe there's something wrong with me.'

He pulled her tight and kissed her muzzle. 'Nonsense! There's nothing wrong with you!'

Naylee put her hand on her mother's hand cupping Rafe's erection. 'I too wished to bare more children, but I have not. It's not your fault.'

'Correct.' he said. 'If anything, something must've happened to me.'

Tashee looked up at him and smiled as she licked her lips. 'If anything, your seed has only become more healthy.'

He chuckled. 'Then whatever happened, we were lucky.'

'You don't regret not having more children?' asked Naylee.

He looked at her and kissed her muzzle. 'How could I regret when we have two beautiful little miracles walking around? I love all you girls more than life, what more could I ask for?'

Naylee kissed him deep before Tashee did and they drifted off to sleep.

Barking from Wendy woke them up a little later and they stretched and yawned.

'The girls are coming.' said Naylee.

Wendy always barked before the girls reached their parents when she knew they were having some private time, her warning to get decent quickly.

'Moms! Dad!' Mina and Nami said when they rushed through the bushes towards their parents.

They were like a dark blonde and dark red blur as they rushed up the rock and dove into their mother's arms.

The girls had asked a long time ago why Naylee called Tashee mother just like they did and Tashee explained Nami was technically her granddaughter, but also sister of Mina since Rafe was their father. They pondered about it for a while and Tashee and Naylee worried if it would change the way the girls looked at the family. But they thought it was fine to have Tashee being their mother and the both of them as real sisters.

The mothers hugged their children tight in relief and Rafe said he felt Tashee and Naylee were more like sisters half the time anyway. He couldn't help but see Tashee more like the older sister of Naylee. They didn't think he was actually wrong and Tashee even felt flattered, so they decided they'd just continue in their roles like that.

The girls held up flowers as big as their hands with long, thin, white and red coloured petals to their mothers. 'Wendy found flowers we haven't seen before!' Nami said.

'There's this bush a long walk on the other side of the stream which is full of them.' Mina said, sniffing the sweet scent of the flower. 'And loads of bugs flying around.'

'They're beautiful.' Tashee said.

Wendy crawled into Rafe's lap and looked expectantly at him.

He smiled at her. 'I see, you just happen to come across such a find so far away?'

She barked and he noticed the small grin, knowing she had led them away on purpose to give him more time with Tashee and Naylee.

'I guess you deserve a reward for such a find.' he said and kissed her muzzle.

The girls saw Wendy return the kiss wagging her tail and they pounced on their father. 'No fair! We want one too!' they said.

Rafe laughed out loud as the girls and Wendy struggled for his attention and he gave them all a big kiss before wrestling them away. Tashee and Naylee joined in, threatening to steal away the girls' kisses they got from their father.

After a short wrestling match Rafe pulled his daughters over his shoulders and jumped into the pool. The girls tried to wrestle him in the water but he was just quick enough to dive and swim away to get out of the water first.

He sat down on the edge of the rock above the water with Tashee and Naylee, watching the girls have fun in the water. 'It won't be long before they're faster than me in the water.' he said with a little proud grin.

Naylee nodded and held his hand. 'They're so much Silth.'

He squeezed her hand softly. 'I'm glad they inherited the good genes.'

'But then it doesn't seem like they're your daughters.'

He smiled gently down at the girls. 'I know they are, and that's enough for me.'

'We can see your part in the colour of their fur and their eyes.' Tashee said, leaning against him. 'I haven't seen shades like those before.'

Naylee nodded. She hadn't seen the light shine on Nami's dark red fur or the golden hue of her eyes before. Just like the dark blonde fur and blue-grey eyes of Mina. They would stand out in Silth society. 'I wonder if they'd ever want to visit our home planet.'

'So far this island is their world.' Tashee said. 'Maybe when they grow older and get curious about what's out there.'

'We'll just have to tell them the truth.' Rafe said. 'They're smart and I trust they will think about it before making a decision.'

The three parents watched their children play until they started to feel hungry and called them out of the water to go home.

***

Naylee and Rafe were tending to the vegetable garden they had cultivated over the years. They had cleared an area around one entrance and extended the vegetation that covered the bunker along the fence they had erected around the garden. When looking at it from the ground or a bit higher up a tree it looked like it was just a dense part of the jungle. Only when looking directly from above could someone see the straight rows of various edible and medicinal plants. But only if they looked very closely since there was enough coverage by the few trees to obscure any aerial view.

Naylee pulled out a few thick roots which tasted slightly sweet. She wanted to make a sweeter salad today. Rafe plucked out unwanted plants and collected them on a compost heap in a corner. They were just ready when Tashee returned with Mina, Nami and Wendy from their hunting trip.

The girls waved excitedly at the sight of their mother and father when they walked outside the bunker hedge. 'Mom! Dad! Look what we caught!'

Naylee and Rafe walked up to the wheelbarrow and the dead animal on it. They had found a herbivore species after the killing of the thing that lived in the bunker and exploration of the third hill of the island. It reminded Rafe of large guinea pigs with longer legs had been its favourite meal. It had a thick coat like a sheep and lived in relative peace on an open stretch of mostly grassland and low bushes. They bred fast and must have been the reason why something like that monster was able to live here for so long, if there indeed had been more generations of it before. Rafe thought the meat tasted like mutton. He had eaten it on occasion during missions in the military.

Tashee put her hands on the girl's shoulders. 'They shot it themselves, so the next meals are on them.'

Rafe smiled and nodded at his girls. 'Well done. I'm proud of you.'

They hurried up to him and he lifted them up in his arms. 'We crawled low through the high grass away from the wind just like mom showed us, then shot this one with just two arrows.' Mina said.

'And then we dragged it to the edge of the jungle to cut out its organs. Yuck!' Nami said, her nose scrunched up and her ears flattened.

Rafe chuckled. 'Well, looks like your mothers and I won't have to go hunting anymore soon and can leave it all up to you.'

The girls beamed. 'We'll take down the biggest prey you'll ever see!'

'I believe you will.' he said. 'But now you'd better clean your fur with all this mud and green bits in it.' He put the girls down on their feet. Your mother and I will take care of this and start cooking.'

'Okay!' they said and hurried inside to wash themselves in the bathroom downstairs.

Rafe and Naylee had used parts of the crashed Silth pod to pump up water from a stream running underground and created a bathroom with large wooden bath which could be heated with a small fire under the stone platform underneath, and a construction of perforated pipes for a shower.

'They're getting better every day.' said Tashee, looking at Rafe. 'I saw Nami do one of those high kicks you taught them to kick a poison lizard from the side of a tree that hissed at her. She was startled by it but reacted at once.'

Rafe nodded. 'They grow up and will be able to survive on their own with what we teach them.'

'Will they ever need our military training?' asked Naylee while checking the animal.

'I hope not.' he said. 'But it's better to make sure they're prepared if they do need it.'

'Come.' said Naylee. 'Let's celebrate their first prey today.'

Naylee and Rafe had just started cutting the meat when the girls ran in all excited. 'Come look! There's something coming across the ocean! Hurry!'

They dropped their knives and followed the girls to the room overseeing the side of the island where Rafe had washed ashore all those years ago. The view of the ocean between the trees showed a single sail ship on a course toward the island.

'Who are they?' asked Nami.

Naylee looked at Rafe who shrugged. 'We don't know.' she said.

Tashee hurried inside with Wendy after Mina had called for her. 'What's coming here?'

'Small ship.' Naylee said, making out more detail with her sharp eyesight. 'Room for maybe ten to twenty people. I see movement but they're too far away to make out.' She turned to Mina. 'Go get the binoculars, will you?'
