 As they feared, a few of the Eshe were returning to the ship while the rest were moving towards the field with sheep at the earliest light.

'What can we do now?' asked Naylee.

'Move as fast as we can.' said Rafe. 'You and Tashee are the fastest. Go ahead and lay down traps in front of them. The rest of us will take a detour and head for the field. Best outcome, they'll go back before reaching the field, worst outcome, we'll have to continue harassing them there.'

Tashee and Naylee stole a quick kiss from Rafe and ran off.

K'Kess watched them go. 'They really silent even when fast.'

Iloma nodded. 'They silent and fast when we defended from our group.'

'You need good ears to hear them indeed.' said Rafe and picked up his backpack. 'Let's go do our job now.'

***

'Keep your eyes and ears open.' Ragg said as the group of Eshe went through the jungle. 'They're sure to attack us again.'

'Would they dare?' asked Vash limping slightly and glancing often between the trees.

'They might dare anything.' Ragg said.

'Why are we even going there?' Kamel said as he waved away a couple of flies. 'Why not go away right now and forget what happened here?'

'You know the chief.' Vash said. 'And you know the master chief.'

Kamel muttered something better not said out loud.

'Stop!' shouted Gema. 'Don't move further!'

'What is it?' asked Ragg.

'Those things again!' Gema said and picked up a caltrop from the ground. 'They spread them here!'

Ak'ka felt the pain in his foot again at the sight of that thing. 'Those fly crawlers!' he said. 'Filthy cowards!'

The other Eshe quickly searched the ground around them.

'They're trying to trap us again.' said Vash.

'No, they're trying to delay us.' said Ragg. 'They don't want us to reach the field. Move on in single file and watch your step!'

The group moved further with the first two keeping an eye on the ground while clearing the caltrops and the rest following behind them. Ragg grinned as he imagined the enemy realising they can't use that tactic anymore. No one has been able to stop the might of the Eshe so far, and no one will.

Doma and Gardo who walked in front kept their eyes on the ground and kicked the caltrops aside. 'Did they cover the whole jungle with these?' muttered Gardo.

'Looks like it.' said Doma. 'But this isn't enough to stop us.'

'They're not much of a warrior if this is all.' Gardo said, put his foot against a caltrop and kicked it aside. He noticed the string he kicked with it too late. He and Doma cried out when several thin branches covered in short spikes swept into them.

'Doma! Gardo!' cried Vash and rushed over to them as they laid on the ground crying out in pain and staring at spike and puncture wounds all over their bodies. The pain was enough to make them unable to think and pull out the spikes. 'K'Kol! Medicine! Bandages!'

K'Kol hurried to Vash and with the help of Hasuf and Mek'mel they held down their wounded comrades so they could pull out the spikes and bandage the wounds.

Ragg grinded his teeth. 'Keep an eye out around us!' he said. 'They might be near and try to attack us!' His hatred for this enemy grew with the fear they might just be smart enough to cause some damage before he and his men could capture or kill them.

K'Kol drugged Doma and Gardo with a plant extract to ease their pain. They sat and looked around in a daze while the spikes were pulled out of their skin and their wounds treated.

'Tratta, Ormek!' said Ragg. 'Go in front and check for traps before doing anything!'

'What about Gardo and Doma?' asked Kamel. 'They can hardly walk.'

'Leave them.' said Ragg. 'They'll only slow us down. We can pick them up later.'

'I say we better turn back.' said Kamel.

'Do you want to be the one to tell Graga we won't have good food for our trip back?' Ak'ka said. 'Especially after we lost our prisoner to a few natives?'

Kamel grumbled and looked away.

'We go on!' said Ak'ka. 'We're not going to leave without food!'

Tratta and Ormek cleared their path, carefully checking each step they took while covering themselves with their shields. The slow progress made Ragg grow more frustrated. He spotted a couple of the large lizards they had seen before and shot them but it didn't make him feel much better.

After the slow trek the group finally made it to the field. They stood at the edge and checked the area.

'Where's the prey?' asked Ak'ka.

Ragg surveilled the field and cursed. 'They're gone!'

'So, I guess that's why they delayed us.' Kamel said. 'Good tactic.'

'Shut up!' said Ragg. 'Go and check the other side of the field for any sign of them!'

'By myself?'

Ragg pointed at the three behind Kamel. 'You three go with him!'

The four went reluctantly further onto the field and glanced constantly around them at the treeline for any movement.

'I don't like this.' said Mek'mel. 'What if they put traps here?'

'I don't think they'd endanger the prey that grazes here.' said Kamel. 'They're not dumb.'

'That worries me even more.' said Erlok.

'I prefer the enemy to be smarter.' said Kamel. 'They're quicker to see when they can't win and give up. Means less lives lost.'

They were halfway the field when an arrow struck the ground in front of them. They ducked at once and examined the treeline.

'Anyone see anything?' asked Kamel.

'Nothing.' said Erlok.

'Nothing.' said Mek'mel and so did Ormek.

'Would this be as far as they can shoot?' asked Erlok.

Another arrow struck the ground to the side near Ormek. He jumped back and lay flat on the ground quickly followed by the rest.

'I don't think they'll reveal how far they can shoot.' Kamel said while looking around. 'They're not even visible from here.'

Several more arrows came down near them from different directions.

'Retreat.' said Kamel. 'We're not going to win this one.'

The group backed off slowly keeping low and were glad they didn't get shot at anymore.

Ragg was furious and hit Kamel when they returned to the group. 'Why didn't you shoot back!?'

Kamel rubbed his jaw and glared at Ragg. 'Shoot at an invisible enemy?' he said. 'Go ahead and do it yourself out there. We're not going to get any prey from here, they're all gone.' He looked at the others. 'And so am I. There's no reason to stay here.'

A couple of others muttered in agreement.

'The chief ordered us to catch prey!' said Ragg.

Kamel gestured at the empty field. 'Good luck with that then.' he said and went on his way back.

With some hesitation Erlok followed, and more after him.

Ak'ka grabbed his pack. 'Nothing we can do here now.' he said. 'We go back and see what options we have.'

Ragg looked back at the field and saw a familiar grey animal standing far off. 'That damned beast again!' he said. He grabbed his bow and shot an arrow it. It didn't come near and he cursed again. 'I'll get you yet.'

***

The group picked up Doma and Gardo on their way back who were still in half a daze. Ak'ka led them to their previous camp on top of the middle hill because he had forgotten one of his favourite knives there and he didn't want to roam alone through this jungle.

Ragg walked away from the group to relieve himself while they took a break to check on the wounded and eat. He walked around the large thick bush they had camped next to and stood quietly staring into the jungle. When he heard rustling farther to his right he tensed and moved further behind the bush.

A moment later an animal appeared similar to the one he was sure the enemy used. Silently he took his bow. He might not have gotten the first one, but he was surely going to kill this one.

With one smooth movement he loaded an arrow. He pulled slowly as he aimed at the animal, and let it loose. The cag let out a yelp and dropped to the ground just as its pups came out of the undergrowth.

Ragg didn't hesitate. He loaded another arrow and shot one of the pups while sporting a wide grin on his face. He'd kill them all, he swore. He reached back for another arrow but turned when he heard something rush through the bush towards him. Before he could react something with sharp teeth and claws growled and jumped him.

Ragg cried out in pain as two wild animals clawed at him, growling and hissing viciously. He struck at them but they didn't relent in their attack on him. The dark blonde and dark red animal were all over him until the others jumped in and forced them onto the ground.

It took three men each to subdue the wild creatures. Ragg raged and pushed away Vash who tried to help him stand up. He grabbed his sword, lunged at the creatures but Ak'ka quickly blocked him.

'Wait!' he said. 'There's something strange about them!'

'Not for long when I kill them!' said Ragg.

'Wait!' Ak'ka said again and gestured for the men to pull up the creatures. They hissed and spoke something. 'I think we should show them to the chief. They might have something to do with the enemy.'

Ragg spat out blood. 'Then I'll kill them after.' he said and stomped away.

'We go! No rest until we're safe at the boat!' said Ak'ka.

***

It took more time than expected for the flock of sheep to be driven out of the jungle and back to the field where they belonged.

'We got all of them.' said Tashee.

'All right, let's follow the Eshe to make sure they're going back to the boat.' Rafe said and the group went on their way making sure to keep silent.

When they came closer to their bunker Wendy became restless and flattened her ears.

'What is it, girl?' asked Rafe.

She looked up at him, then hurried forward.

'What is it?' asked Naylee.

'I don't know, but I don't think it's good.' said Rafe and hurried after Wendy.

As soon as Wendy saw the dead members of her kind and the softly whining pups she rushed over to them. She nuzzled the mother and dead pup, then the three live pups and pulled them close.

Rafe knew right away that this was not all that had happened. 'The kids!' he said and rushed inside the bunker with Tashee and Naylee.

They found it empty and ran back outside. K'Kess had found traces of blood and Tashee and Naylee examined it closer.

'Not blood from our kids.' said Tashee. 'But the ground is a mess and there are prints of our kids coming out here.'

Rafe looked at K'Kess. 'They probably taken as prisoner, not killed.' he said.

'I'll kill them if they so much as look at them wrong.' said Rafe.

K'Kess saw the inferno in Rafe's eyes and nodded. 'Not all agree with chief and hate, they not hurt your young ones. Others will deserve what you do to them.'

Rafe gave him a nod, then turned to Tashee and Naylee. 'We're taking our kids back.' he said and they rushed after the Eshe with K'Kess and Iloma close on their heels.

***

'I still think this is a bad idea.' said Kamel between two deep breaths.

'Maybe.' said Gema. 'But it's the best we can do now, so keep running.'

The group of Eshe hurried through the jungle on their way to the boat and wouldn't stop until they got there. Tiredness was countered by the fear of what the enemy might do if they got caught. Especially when they saw what they were carrying in the large bags tied with rope.

Tratta was in the back and kept looking left and right at the slightest rustling close to him. He gripped his sword tighter when he heard rustling on both sides. He didn't see any movement through the trees and plants but he couldn't see much of anything in the darker parts underneath the trees.

It didn't matter when everything went black before his eyes.

***

Naylee tapped her ear and pointed forward to signal Tashee and Rafe she heard the Eshe running in front of them. Rafe nodded at her and she hurried forward to get closer to the Eshe.

As soon as she had her eyes on the back of the group she kept her distance and observed them long enough to see they ran in single file and spotted two were carrying something large wrapped in cloth and tied with rope. She seethed with anger but they had to play it smart to free the girls before the Eshe could try to kill them.

She fell back and signalled the situation to Tashee and Rafe when they caught up with her. Rafe signalled for her and Tashee to take up flank positions while he would move behind the last Eshe. The women nodded and moved quickly forward into the undergrowth to the left and right.

Rafe picked up speed and kept his distance from the last of the group until he spotted him looking left and right more often. He moved faster again to close the distance between the Eshe and himself, took out his knife and hit the Eshe hard at the back of the head with the back of the handle.

Rafe grabbed the Eshe as he fell forward and dragged him away to the side while keeping an eye on the others. When they kept running he let out a deep breath of relief and disarmed the unconscious Eshe, throwing his weapons as far away as he could before binding his hands and feet.

'You're not going anywhere soon.' he said and looked up when he heard noises. He waved at Iloma and K'Kess who came running. 'One down.' he said to them. 'I'm off for the next. You take care of him, okay?'

K'Kess nodded. 'We keep him secure, then we follow again.' he said.

Rafe ran off and Iloma looked at their prisoner. 'What we do?' she asked.

K'Kess gestured at a thick branch above them. 'Hang.' he said with a grin.

Rafe caught up with Tashee and Naylee who fell back behind the group and they made clear the group hadn't noticed their missing member yet. Rafe suggested the same tactic again and they agreed.

***

Hasuf noticed the rustling noises to his left and right had returned. He wasn't sure at first over the sound of his laboured breathing and the noise everyone made as they jogged through the jungle, but now he was sure something had to be close to them.

He wondered if Tratta had heard it too when it was silent behind him. He heard the footsteps behind him again. 'Tratta,' he said behind him. 'Do you hear that too? To the sides?'

When he received no reply he glanced behind him, just in time to see a hand coming down to the side of his head.

***

Rafe almost tripped when the Eshe tried to block his hit at the last moment, but he pulled him along and hit him once more on the head. This caused more noise and Rafe dragged the body as quickly as possible to the side.

The now last of the Eshe spoke up as they ran, looked behind him and shouted a warning that made the group halt at once. A few were looking around and whispering urgently. The same last Eshe moved back to where they had come from and Rafe dragged the unconscious one slowly and silently further to the side to create as much distance as he could.

The Eshe didn't wander off much though and soon stepped back to the group. An agitated discussion followed with wild gesturing and one of them barked an order. They continued their run at once.

Rafe finished binding his new prisoner and removing his weapons when Tashee and Naylee came back to him.

'They know now.' Tashee said.

Rafe nodded. 'Time for new tactics.' he said.

***

The Eshe ran with renewed urgency knowing the enemy had taken two out now. Hasuf who was running last now kept looking over his shoulder. He had only briefly heard noises on one side and it was moving away so he hoped it was just some animal.

Gema ran in front but didn't feel much less anxious. He kept his eyes on the ground for any sign of the spiked weapons the enemy used and hoped they didn't have a chance to get in front of the group and spread them out. He was so focused on those things that he saw the thin rope strung low across the path too late. It was camouflaged with leaves from the ground.

He tripped hard and rolled forward on the ground. Ormek who carried one of the large sacks reacted too late and tripped as well, falling forward on top of Gema with a cry.

The next moment Mek'mel who ran after Ormek got tackled to the side and crashed hard into a tree. The sound of something breaking was not from the bark of the tree.

Erlok who carried the second sack over his shoulder stared into the face of a huge and seething animal. And then his mind realised it carried a sort of satchel on its back with a bow and arrows. This must be the enemy that was after them although they thought they were Menuik.

Another one like it pushed Gema and Ormek down on the ground again with its claws. He heard Doma and Gardo cry out. Looking back he saw the Menuik male holding two knives to their throats. What he said in anger was nothing he had heard a Menuik speak before though, but his gesture with his head to the sack and the ground was obvious. Erlok looked at Kamel and K'Kol who nodded.

He put down the sack he carried on the ground and was pushed aside by the animal that threatened him. It ripped the cloth apart with its claws. It found a load of branches inside and the animal near Gema and Ormek shouted something when it ripped the other sack apart.

The first animal grabbed his throat, its claws piercing his skin and it growled something at him, its eyes tearing his flesh apart if they could.

'Where are they!?' growled Tashee, her fingers stiff from holding her claws back at the frightened Eshe's throat. He spoke but she couldn't make anything out of it. 'Where!? What direction!?' she growled at him again and pointed with her finger. He spoke something quickly again.

'He say others have them.' said K'Kess who came running with Iloma.

Tashee looked up at K'Kess. 'Three are missing from the group.' she said. 'That must be them.'

K'Kess spoke to Kamel briefly and turned to her. 'They take other route to ship after making,' he gestured at the torn sacks with branches. 'that, to make you come after this group.'

'DAMMIT!' shouted Rafe and his hostages cried out when the tip of his knives pierced their throats. 'They lured us away with decoys!'

Kamel spoke to K'Kess and he translated for the others. 'Kamel say you too late to reach others.' he said and pointed in a direction to the side of where the group was running. 'Chief move boat and they get there first.'

'What are we going to do?' Naylee asked. 'Our kids will most likely will be used as hostages.'

Rafe nodded. 'We'll just have to use these here as hostages to get them back.' he said and Tashee nodded at him. 'Prisoner exchange.' she said.

K'Kess explained what was going to happen to Kamel while the rest had their hands tied up and their feet tied to the feet of others to prevent them from running away.

K'Kol checked on Mek'mel who clutched his limp shoulder and groaned.

'Mek'mel hurt bad in shoulder.' said K'Kess when Rafe asked how bad the Eshe was hurt. 'Can't move arm anymore.'

Rafe sat down on his knees next to Mek'mel and felt his shoulder. 'Dislocated.' he said. 'Tell him to bite hard on his teeth because fixing this will hurt.'

K'Kess spoke to Mek'mel whose eyes grew big and backed away.

'If he doesn't let me help him he will be in more pain later.' said Rafe to K'Kess.

K'Kess spoke in urgent hisses to Mek'mel and K'Kol spoke sharply to him as well. Mek'mel gave a quick nod and sat straight.

Rafe grabbed his arm and shoulder, saw the Eshe's jaw tighten and snapped his arm back into his shoulder socket. Mek'mel let out a sharp groan, then a long low one.

'This one will only be tied by his feet.' Rafe said to K'Kess. 'After your medic is done with him they join the rest. You and I will get the two we caught earlier and then we'll march to the boat.'

K'Kess nodded at him and spoke to Kamel before leaving with Rafe.

When Rafe saw the Eshe hanging tied from a thick tree branch he sniggered.

'They safe from harm but not run away.' K'Kess said and Rafe thought he saw a sly grin on his face for a moment.

They cut them down while K'Kess gave them instructions and they soon joined the others in the line that was formed by tying everyone's left feet and right feet in a long line.
