 In 1936 they had their first and only real success. The agency had been consulting with people who had been involved with Eastern disciplines and finding a certain agreement among them that great power was accessed in the "chakras" of the lower spine. "Svadhishthana" they called it. Great human potential could be unlocked through this region. People who had mastered certain disciplines involving this subtle region of the body could learn to do remarkable things, exhibit great strength, even levitate, but it would take much out of them to do it and mastering the power even this much required many hours spent in deep meditation.

Dr. Aaron Phillips and his team conceived the notion that rendering the Svadhishthana more neurologically robust could increase the power available from it. A certain plant that grew high in the Himalayas was said to enhance the Svadhisthana if the smoke from the burning leaves was inhaled. Phillips discovered the active chemical in it and created a serum based on it.They had made experiments in the fetal development of monkeys that showed promise. The spinal cord in the sacrum was induced to grow larger than normal creating sort of a sacral "brain", as well, the serum was injected into the developing sacral brain. The monkeys were born healthy but were of course incapable of learning the disciplines to harness their new power. The procedure had to be performed on a human fetus.

Ultimately there were six volunteers, unwed expectant mothers who were told that research on curing polio was taking place and they were to have their child provided for its entire life if they took part. The first two of the procedures failed. One of the children was miscarried, the other born paralyzed from the hips down and dies soon after. Two more failed to survive their first month of life. The final two, a boy and a girl were born healthy within days of one another. They were both developmentally slow. They seemed like newborns their entire first year, but finally both started crawling sometime after their 18th month. When the war came they were still toddlers and money had been diverted away from the project leaving only a bare bones staff. The mother of the girl had taken a job in a munitions plant. She was killed in an industrial accident her second month on the job. The girl was adopted by Dr. Phillips and his wife. The stripped down project was unable to provide the promised lifetime support and the mother of the boy took her son and went her own way. Both mother and son reportedly perished in an automobile accident in 1944. At that time the eight year old could have been easily mistaken for a two year old.

The girl was the only one left and the project essentially came to an end. The underdeveloped child showed no sign of being a next step in human evolution.

Phillips had not given up. Although the girl, called Svadhi, was still physically a moppet, she was quite bright. She had an extensive vocabulary and spoke two foreign languages as well. By the end of the war, Svadhi was 9 and resembled a healthy 4 year old. Phillips had decided that she was developed enough to begin the yoga disciplines as well as a program of callisthenic exercise, running and gymnastics. She excelled in all as well as her academic studies which were seen to by Dr. Phillps personally. Throughout the '50s she continued to develop physically, albeit slowly. In 1956 she appeared to be an 11 year old on the occasion of her 20th birthday. During her entire childhood she had watched several generations of friends grow past her believing that she suffered an endocrine condition. Only a few remained in touch with her into adulthood. Through her early 20s she still showed little interest in boys, but starting in 1961 she began the changes of puberty. It was not a sudden flowering of incipient womanhood. The changes came slowly. She got her first menses and it was seven months before the second. Her hips spread at an imperceptible rate and her bosom emerged equally slowly. It wasn't until 1968 that she really appeared to be a blossoming teen. She was actually quite beautiful and the local boys noticed.

By this time Phillips and his wife were retired and certainly not up to the task of controlling a girl on the brink of adulthood at the age of 32! They had earlier engaged a staff of instructors in both fields of yogic discipline and more standard academic studies. As well as other physical pursuits, she also explored herself as a girl will and had her first orgasm. This was the first wakening of the sacral brain and she began to transform in ways only half expected. She found that by activating the sacral brain she could perform amazing feats, make great leaps, lift great weights in response to the awakened sacral brain. That awakening came as a result of orgasm and only lasted for an hour or so following it. Also predictably during these years she took an interest in boys (and also other girls it would later be learned) and actual sexual intercourse leading to multiple orgasms would enhance her abilities far more than mere masturbation. It was then she learned that she could levitate and ultimately fly. She gained a bit of a reputation around town even in these days of "free love". Despite the fact she was in her thirties, she had the appearance of a sixteen year old and she was mostly choosing sixteen to nineteen year old young men as paramours. Some of them were certainly aware of the powers lovemaking gave her. Weather it turned them on or frightened them varied from boy to boy, but the truth is that she broke many hearts. Although her appetite for sex was ever growing, she had little use for love at this stage of her life. The truth is that this would be a lifelong problem for Svadhi Phillips. He life experience made it very difficult to connect on a truly intimate level with people. Part of it had to do with the fact that the Phillips' were just not the kind of people who gave a lot of hugs or were generally demonstrative and also they were always fearful that something related to the process of her creation would take her from them and that made them a bit distant. Furthermore she experienced sex so differently from other girls. It filled her with a mighty charge of power that she wanted to leap forth and put to use. She was utterly disinclined from post coital cuddling.

It was around this time of her life that she took to referring to her genitals as her "engine". It was indeed her source of power and she was increasingly uncomfortable without it exposed to the environment. She stopped wearing underwear and would only wear skirts that would make that apparent with the slightest breeze.

In 1981 Dr. Phillips succumbed to cancer and his wife went into a nursing home with dementia. She would pass on two years later. At the age of 47, Svadhi was on her own. She still looked like a girl of 18. She had noticed quite early in life that she had never been sick. She seemed to be immune to all diseases. Given her frequency of unprotected sex, that was a very good thing. Based also on her sexual appetite, it was also apparent that she was sterile. Part of how her sacral brain was created was through calculated exposure to radium, but the price of that was her eggs could not be fertilized. Even without having an orgasm, she was much stronger than the average person and thanks to her gymnastics training she was also much more swift and agile. She came to the decision that she could and should become a force for good in the world. A superheroine.

There were no superheroes outside of comic books, bud Svadhi knew that her powers made it possible for her. Even her father had an idea that might be her destiny. He had drawn a sketch that he had based on Superman, a deep blue neck to toe leotard with a four petaled lotus on her chest. Svadhi had her own ideas.

Many would find her costume alarming. She called herself Lotus and wore a crop top with a picture of a four petaled lotus on the chest. She also wore thigh high laced boots. Her long reddish blonde hair was woven into a thick braid that hung to her mid back. Her backside and her "engine" were left completely uncovered. Since her powers had come to the fore, she had been in the habit of removing all hair from her genital region also in service of keeping it exposed to the air. One friend of hers said in utter shock, "You can't go out in public like that!"

"Who will stop me?" she replied.

Some tried. After early appearances she was sometimes vilified for visibly playing with herself, "taking a quick recharge" she called it, but that was somewhat countered by her saving lives left and right. She got people out of burning buildings. She once actually lifted the remains of a collapsed bridge after being quickly serviced by three willing bystanders in a row in order to get thirty trapped and injured people out. The men who had assisted her with in the field charge ups were sort of an informal club. There were women also, but they tended to be shyer. One thing that all reported was that when Lotus was in full power mode she was sexually irresistible to almost anyone. This was what came to be called her "aura", a pheromone cloud that surrounded her. It had become more pronounced as she had matured. In the open air it was manageable. It was obvious that she held a great attraction, but it didn't seem overly strange, after all she was a very beautiful woman, but in a closed room it took on an almost supernatural aspect. Reason was abandoned, the only thought was a pressing physical need for her and for sexual release in general. The attendants who worked in her household regularly found themselves taken by sudden need to engage in sex with one another.

Of course it was the job of many of these attendants to simply see to it that she remain charged with her special power. There was some payback. Instead of being drained by their congress with her, those who waited upon her needs were elevated, became more beautiful, stronger, powerfully sexual.

Lotus was surprisingly accessible and easy going in nature. Despite the fact that she was greatly removed from what would be thought of as an ordinary person, she really made an effort to reach out to people. Some thought it was a false front that she worked hard to hold up in fear that if she seemed too inhuman that people would seek to destroy her. In addition to the well known incident with her former attendant Richard Reed, there was an earlier attempt on her life in 1995. An earthquake had struck Los Angeles and she was helping by carefully moving pieces of crumpled buildings in order to find survivors. She was at peak power having consorted with several firemen before arriving on the scene. She was able to fly while bearing tons of weight. A man appeared from behind a collapsed apartment house. He has a pistol and a tortured look in his eye. Lotus flew over and alighted next to him to see if he needed help. Her aura quickly enveloped him and he momentarily seemed unsteady on his feet. An erection was obvious in his pants. He suddenly snarled "Die, bitch" and fired the gun at her chest from only two feet away. In her heightened state her skin had become almost impenetrable. She stepped backward and pulled off her shirt. The flattened bullet was in a shallow bloody pit between her breasts. She picked it out and threw it on the ground.

"That hurt!" she said glaring at him. This unique being was not often aroused to anger, but the man who had failed to kill her stared into her eyes in fear. Several onlookers later related that they thought she was about to tear him apart. She had thrown aside her ruined shirt thus she was totally nude save for her boots. "You owe me pleasure." She said, this time more quietly. The attacker dropped to his knees, he leaned forward and gripped her butt cheeks and started energetically licking her vulva. Her "engine" was a finely tuned machine and she quickly built toward orgasm. As she did, the wound on her chest began to heal at an amazing rate. She bucked her hips and let out a soft cry and the skin over her sternum was again perfect and unbroken. The man had a dark patch on the front of his pants for he too had orgasmed. It turned out that he had been mentally ill and the stress of the disaster had been too much for him. Lotus asked that no criminal charges be brought and he was placed in the care of a state hospital. No one has attempted to hurt her since.

David Goodman was a freelance journalist who had wanted to write a big feature story or even a full length biography of Lotus. In 2017, Rolling Stone magazine offered to buy such a feature to celebrate her 81st birthday. At 81, Svadhi Phillips looked like a 25 year old in exceptional shape. Nothing sagged, there were no wrinkles. Only enough body fat to soften her exquisite muscles into sexy curves. She was even more alluring than she had been in the '90s. Goodman did look forward to meeting her and all that entailed. 

Rolling Stone provided him with a photographer, one of the very best in the business, Janine Carter. Carter had taken the iconic photo of a fully nude Lotus lifting a Cadillac over her head. 

Lotus had famously commented on that photo: "Lifting a car isn't easy. I'm sorry, I guess that goes without saying. What I mean is that being strong enough isn't all there is to it. Doing it without damaging the vehicle and getting yourself covered in grime takes care and thought. If you just grab it by an edge you are likely to only tear pieces of the body off. You have to reach way underneath and get ahold of the chassis. It's dirty down there. Gloves are a good idea, but she didn't want me to use them for this photoshoot. So then I have to lift and lean so that the weight of the vehicle is all up on two tires. You can't let it stay that way for too long or you risk breaking something, maybe an axle. So I have to work my way underneath, hopefully without getting greasy dirt all over me, so I have to be careful and then hoist it up. Like I said, I have the strength, but it is still a lot of mass and I have to keep it balanced. If I drop it, I destroy an expensive car, so I take my time. When I'm doing something like this in an emergency situation, I'm not thinking about weather I break it or not, but this car belonged to one of the editors, in fact he had said that he wanted to be seated at the wheel when I did this, but I just thought it would be too dangerous. Also I hadn't had sex since the morning and it was two in the afternoon so I wasn't at peak strength. She snapped her shots and I put the car down as carefully as I had picked it up and I immediately needed some quality time with one of my assistants."

Janine was 42 years old, short and slender with huge blue eyes and a winning smile. Her dark brown hair was worn in a short pixie cut. She was a bit intense and tended to speak really fast. She had never married, but had been romantically linked with a number well known women in the arts. She had recently broken up with a famous ballerina. David liked her and found her to be more down to earth than her media image.

We were going to meet with Lotus at her house near Miami, one of three residences she owned. Lotus had become quite rich from a number of pursuits. She worked as an actress in action films and also had a parallel career in adult entertainment which she made no secret of absolutely enjoying. Also not all of her super heroing was totally altruistic. If she puts out an oil fire or clears fallen boulders off a highway, she expects to get paid, usually the price that a crew hired for the job would have. She endorses products and she allows herself to be examined by scientists for which she also charges. She has been quoted as saying "I'm here to help, but I also have to make a living."

The house was large and well populated. There were about a dozen "attendants", mostly male, but four of them were women. All were more attractive than average and all were nude or nearly so. They all loved Lotus, she was the most important thing in their life. They maintained the house, they cooked and they all had sex with her regularly. Because of Lotus' aura they were highly sexualized and had sex with one another quite often as well. David had heard that they were quite well paid, but the general feeling in the big house was cult like. "Hive-like." Corrected Janine. "Lotus is the queen bee." It wasn't a human dynamic. Just as Lotus was more than human, so it was with her life. Her unique biological needs lead her to create a new kind of life to support them. Her attendants were happy to be there. They were paid so they weren't exactly slaves, but Lotus' pheromonic control was so powerful that they weren't exactly free to leave either. 

David and Janine were told that they were free to go unclothed during their visit if they wished. Both opted to stay dressed at least while they got their bearings. There was a whole lot of sexy going on there and it would be far too easy to get distracted. David asked Thomas, who seemed to be the chief attendant when he would get to meet Lotus.

"She is napping but she requested that you wake her when you arrived." He said brightly. "She is looking forward to your interview."

"Requested that I personally wake her?"

"That was her request."

The bedroom was simple. In every way it was designed to promote total relaxation. The walls were painted a dark tan. Curtains of the same color were drawn across a glass wall that David surmised overlooked the large swimming pool he had seen as they drove up. The only decoration was a small tangka painting on the wall that hung above a table that had a vase with fresh cut flowers. In the center of the room was a large square bed where Svadhi Phillips, the superheroine Lotus slept fully nude on top of the sheets. She was on her back arms above her head. Her legs were bent and slightly spread enough to reveal her "engine" quite plainly. Her good sized breasts were clearly quite firm with large and slightly raised areolae. David gasped slightly at her beauty. She was a goddess! Her pictures did her no justice at all! How could such beauty exist? It just wasn't..... He caught himself. The aura in a small room. He was drowning in her pheromones.

He vaguely remembered that he was there to wake her up. He actually felt dizzy. He reached out with his right hand to give her shoulder a light shake. He lightly touched her there but he dragged his hand over her immaculate skin and let it stop on her plump breast. He squeezed lightly. Her nipple responded to his touch, erecting beneath his palm. She made a positive feeling murmur and wiggled a bit as she was slowly coming to consciousness. Her smell was becoming even more intoxicating and he had a throbbing hard on. This was so wrong! She would be fully awake in seconds to discover him fondling her in her sleep. He would go to jail assuming that she didn't just break him into small pieces. He started to lift his hand from her tit just as she covered it with her own and held it there. His head dropped a bit and suddenly his nostrils were filled with the aroma of her genitals, her pussy. He was over the line. He bent down and kissed her vulva. She moaned softly. He had to release his cock from the confinement of his pants. He unzipped with his free hand and it sprung out. He pushed his tongue between her now wet pussy lips. GOD she smelled and tasted incredible! He pulled his hand free from her breast so he could lift and spread her legs and eat her out properly. He had never wanted to do something so much in his life as to lick her cunt. He was hypnotized. Her juices were flowing freely and she rotated her hips. David had to accept the fact that she was now awake. 

She laid her hand on the back of his head and entwined her fingers in his hair and lifted. He was looking over the landscape of her flesh into her deep dark blue eyes. She smiled. Her smile was like instant happiness for him. It was like being smiled upon by God. "Are you David Goodman?" she inquired.
