 Dr. Tae Eun Park held her breath as Matthew walked slowly towards her, his cock swinging with the movement of his hips. She felt pinned to her chair by her arousal and the shock coursing through her body. She knew that she was only to mate with the other doctors, but to be taken by Matthew - her heart skipped a beat. Before she knew it, Matthew's hands were sliding up her skirt and then probing her. She gasped from the touch of someone other than herself stimulating her, probing her. She was so hot, so needy. 

Matthew's cock twitched with excitement. The thought of taking Dr. Park was almost unbearably arousing, and all he wanted to do was shove himself in her and make her scream out. She started to protest when he pulled away his fingers from her heat and then tilted her head back. He bent over, kissing the nape of her neck and moving up to the base of her ear, sucked gently on her lobe, causing her to gasp and moan. She managed to pull away from his mouth, but turned her head towards him and let him engulf her lips with his. 

Matthew pulled her up to her feet and started to undress her, piece by piece. While older than him, Matthew noticed that she seemed to pride herself on her physique. Her stomach was toned, her breasts perky, and her bottom was like two smoothed over parts of the moon. Her skin was like silk, and Matthew knew he could lose himself in the feel of her. 

Before long, she stood completely naked in front of him. He pulled away, admiring his view, but not for too long. Though he didn't to breed her, he was going to fuck her, and then implant his seed in Sameedha, who was watching them and pleasuring herself. Dr. Park gasped as Matthew picked her up and laid her at the edge of the bed. He took her legs and put them on top of his shoulders. Gently, he started to push his cock into her. She was so tight, yet so wet, and he wasn't sure she could take all of him with her tiny frame, but that wasn't about to stop him. 

Tae Eun watched Matthew as he slowly inserted his engorged cock into her. She'd never been taken before, though throughout the planning stages before alerting the young people of the plan, the planning sessions had often resulted in make out sessions that almost led to impassioned sex on lab table here, or a computer desk somewhere else. At the last moment, they'd pull themselves apart, but she needed this. She needed to be taken. 

"You're not going to cum in me, are you Matthew? You shouldn't even be taking me ... what would the doctors think if they saw this?".

As if on queue, Dr. Matheson and Dr. Rashid walked in, closed the door, and locked it tight behind them. For a moment, they looked startled, as they weren't expecting to see Tae Eun naked, nor Matthew trying to fully penetrate her. Seeing Sameedha naked as well again was too much, and they had instant hard on's.

Dr. Matheson was supposed to be the one to breed Tae Eun first. He had looked forward to popping her cherry, so he practically shouted Matthew's name. Matthew stopped easing into Tae Un, and asked "Yes, Dr. Matheson?". 

Dr. Matheson cleared his throat. "Have you breached her completely?"

"No" Matthew replied. "Is she to be your first?"

"Yes. Let me be the one to breach her maiden head. Once she is breached, you may fuck her, but not mate with her. I must be the one to impregnate her."

Matthew reluctantly stepped aside, and gestured towards Dr. Rashid. "What about him? I doubt he'll want to waste his sperm either, and as he's so hot for Dr. Park, maybe we should bring Dr. Mumbala in, and turn this into an orgy." He said that last part with a grin on his face. 

Dr. Matheson shook his head and laughed. "I'm going to have to keep a close eye on you, aren't I, Matthew? You may have more of a sexual appetite than anyone in the group." Turning around to Dr. Rashid, he said. "Go find your woman and take her. The other young men and women have been paired off. We get to have some fun now too."

Dr. Rashid left the room in a hurry to find Dr. Mumbala. He was a man on a mission, thought Tae Eun. She heard Dr. Matheson clear his throat, and she smiled at him as he quickly stripped. While not as thick or as long as Matthew, he was well endowed, and she knew that he would be able to help her adjust to the size of Matthew. He came over to her, lifted her legs over his shoulders as Matthew had been doing, and pushed himself into her, gently at first, though the swaying of her breasts seemed to be egging him on. Just as the pleasure was increasing, Dr. Park felt a sharp pain wash over her, followed by more intense pleasure. She didn't want him to stop, but he suddenly pulled out.

"What'd you do that for?" she asked. Dr. Matheson, struggling to keep himself from ramming Tae Eun's pussy with his cock for at least a brief moment, turned to Matthew and said, "Now remember - fuck, but don't cum."

Without any additional prompting, Matthew rammed his cock into her pussy, causing Tae Eun to cry out, not from pain as much as pleasure. The bed was rocking with his thrusts, and she didn't want him to stop. He kept up the pace for a while, causing wave after wave of ecstacy until it was too much for him, and he was about to explode. He pulled out, pulled Sameedha to him, and rammed his cock into her. Dr. Matheson took over for Matthew and shoved his cock back into Tae Eun, which while now a bit looser, he didn't seem to mind. She was well coated from her multiple orgasms, and if she was in her correct type of the month, he knew this would bode very well for impregnating her. 

Matthew and Dr. Matheson were soon pounding their women in a rythym, though it only lasted momentarily when Matthew, for the fourth time in the last few hours, squirted his sperm inside of Sameedha. Within a couple of minutes, Dr. Matheson was spilling his sperm inside Tae Eun. Sameedha and Tae Eun looked at each other and giggled. They could tell each other and their men were enjoying themselves immensely.

Meanwhile, Dr. Abdullah Rashid had rushed over looking for Dr. Mumbala. He found her monitoring the mating of one of the other men with his first. 

"Doctor - please come with me" he said almost breathlessly. "They can continue on their own."

Dr. Mumbala nodded at Dr. Rashid and started to head his way. Dr. Rashid watched her hips as they swayed on her way towards him, and he swallowed deep. He wanted to tear off her jacket and run his hands through her thick, luscious curly hair while kissing her beautiful lips.

Dr. Rashid came out of his sexual daydream when Dr. Mumbala touched his hand. He looked at her and smiled. "Please come with me."

Dr. Rashid took Dr. Mumbala's hand and led her towards the scientist's quarters. Once they were through the door, he took her tablet from her, and set it down on a table. Taking Dr. Mumbala's small, dainty hands in his, he started kissing the tips of her fingers, moved to her knuckles, and then started nibbling on her palms and wrists, which caused her to gasp. "Abdullah ... darling." 

Hearing her gasp his name was more than he could take. He pulled her into his arms and lowered his lips to hers. Gently, he probed her lips, nibbling on her top, and then her bottom, and pulling away a little when she leaned towards him. She'd wimper every time he'd pull away a little, which made him feel even more aroused. After a few minutes of teasing, Dr. Mumbala grabbed the back of his head, pulled him towards the wall, and started grinding her body towards him. Dr. Rashid started kissing her again, but it quickly turned into them almost assaulting each other with their lips. He felt like his cock was going to burst from the pressure building, but he want to be inside her so badly that he had to wait. Being celibate for so long had been difficult, and he wanted nothing more to pleasure her and erupt inside me, making her his.

-------------------------

Dr. Aysha Mumbala could feel her nipples hardening and moisture building in between her legs. She couldn't believe he'd finally come to her, was finally showing his desire for her. Though she knew she would eventually mate with both Abdullah and Robert, she'd always known that her first mate would be Abdullah, and the thought of mating with him excited her. And now their time had come. 

Aysha couldn't stand the heat building deep inside her, and she felt like she was going to burst if he didn't take her soon. After she'd pulled them to the wall and their kissing had increased, she'd felt the continued growing of his cock against her. Part of her was nervous about the size of his member, but more of her was excited about the thought of him probing her. When she'd gasped his name involuntarily, their passion increased, and so did her arousal.

Soon, it was more than she could take, and she decided to speed things up. Reaching down with her left hand, she unzipped Abdullah's pants, worked her hand partially under his underwear, and stroked his cock. Abdullah gasped, cursed, and then laughed, almost all at once. 

"Good Lord, woman. You drive me crazy!" 

Aysha blushed and looked down. Abdullah lifted her head back up and took her lips in his while removing her lab coat, and running his hands through her hair. He gripped her closer, and then suddenly broke off his kisses. Aysha scowled at him, upset that he'd stopped, but gasped when he started to nibble on the lobe of her right ear, and moved down to her neck, back up to her left ear lobe and then back to her lips. But it was too much for her to take, and she pushed him away.

"What'd you do that for?" he exclaimed.

"You're taking too long" whined Aysha, while she sexily pouted. "Do you want to claim my maidenhead and let us revel in the delight of each others bodies while we mate, or do you want to dilly-dally?"

"Oh, no more dilly-dallying for me. It would be a bad idea for me to alienate my mate now, wouldn't it?" he asked, as he unbuckled his belt. "Especially when my mate is so smart, witty, beautiful, and ..."

"And what?" Aysha interrupted.

"Absolutely intoxicating." He pulled Aysha all the way towards him, and within a minute, they were both naked. He swept her up in his arms, and carried her into his room and over to his bed, laying her down gently. After shutting the door, Abdullah went back to the bed and started kissing and nibbling on Aysha's ankles, putting kisses on the inside of her soft, silky legs. 

"Abdullah!"

"Yes, beloved?" asked Abdullah.

"We can do more of that later. I need you NOW!" Aysha exclaimed, laughing afterwards.

"As you command, my lady!" Abdullah climbed on top of Aysha, and kissing her, started to probe her with his cock. She was so tight, but yet as wet as an ocean, and it took almost everything in him to not plunge into her at once. He stopped kissing her for a moment, and whispered in her ear, "Forgive me, my love, but I must", and thrust into her once, breaking her hymen. He kissed her forehead as she gasped, holding still until she begged him to continue. He started slowly, but the heat of their lovemaking caused their need to build, and it wasn't long before their pace had increased.

Abdullah stopped briefly, and pulled out, much to Aysha's dismay. However, she didn't complain too much when she saw him get on his knees, pull her by her hips toward him, and propped her legs on his shoulder so he could thrust into her harder. The sounds of their fucking grew louder and louder as Abdullah pounded in Aysha, who was moaning and calling his name. Abdullah watched as her breasts bounced up and down with every thrust of his cock, and he knew that he could watch that every day for the rest of his life. But for now, he was ready to pump his sperm into this woman, this woman who would have his first child.

Aysha's cries of pleasure became louder as she reached the brink of her orgasm. "I'm going to cum, Abdullah. Please, please cum with me and fill me with your seed. I need you - I need you so bad!". Abdullah felt the heat of Aysha's orgasm when she came after he'd thrust a few more times into her, and the heat caused him to explode inside her like a cannon and cry out her name. He collapsed, and rolled to his side, wrapping her up in his arms, staying in while his seed continued to pump into her. 

A few minutes later, Aysha stroked Abdullah's face, and they kissed gently and lovingly. "I really do want to carry your child. But once I am with child, will you still do this with me? Will you still love me like you just loved me?"

Abdullah smiled, and kissed Aysha's nose. "I will never stop loving you in my heart, and with my body. You are my first, and you shall always be my first. I hope to have many children with you, and continue to pleasure you when you're pregnant with my child, or even if you're carrying Robert's. You will always be mine." And with that, she rested her head against his chest, and they drifted off to sleep.