 Disclaimer: These are character that I created and I do own them and the story around them in their entirety. Any similarities between them and anyone living, dead, or conceived by someone else imagination is purely coincidental.

*

David, the 18 year old "Titan" genius, glanced around the room watching the shadows of the furniture flash from the lightning bolts. Thunder and rain boomed and pattered outside drowning out all other sounds. Thunder storms did something to David, without any stimulation David became fully erect. His 9 ½ inch tent aching under his cotton boxers.

David jumped at the sound of his door slowly opening. He rolled off the bed to other side retrieving his knife from under his pillow. 

Through the dim safety red lights of the bunkers hallways, Meia, a 18 year old goddess could barely be seen. She had long hair pulled back into a ponytail. When she took a step into the room allowing more light to enter, David could see she was wearing black panties that came very, very low. Her top was just a thin matching black tank top that revealed she was not wearing a bra, it showed by her firm breasts pushing against the material. The air was cold making her nipples hard and look like they were trying to poke through her clothes. Meia had her hand between her tits rubbing her locket.

David didn't think she had spotted him spying on her from the other side of the bed, he just couldn't help admire her finely toned body. She to was a "Titan", the name was given to the genetically altered super human soldiers created be the A166. There were only 3 of them David, Meia and Dilus, however Dilus was gone on a mission.

David slowly rose. "You startled me, what do you want?"

Meia gasped when she caught sight of David's member and backed up against the wall the whole time staring at it. Seeing Meia distressed and unsure turned David on even more. He walked forward pushing her between the wall and himself. The light dial was next to them so David turned it on, but only to dim. He didn't know how she would react but he knew he wanted to do stuff to make her moan, he wanted her.

David slid his leg between Meia's, putting the top of his thigh against her crotch. Her heat sent an electric shock through his body. Meia's hand was slowly drifting down until the tip of one of her fingers grazed the head of David's cock, then pulled back suddenly. David grabbed her hand and guided it down to rest on his shaft, she shuttered and looked away but kept her grip. His boxers were in the way but it still felt amazing.

"David, we shouldn't do anything."

"Your body is telling me you feel differently."

Meia's hips were moving back and forth grinding her pussy into his leg. He could feel the juices starting to flow through her soft black panties. As if just noticing this she gasped and gave David's cock an involuntary squeeze, he jerked a bit and it caused Meia to let go.

"Oh, I didn't mean to hurt you."

"No it felt great." As he was speaking David dropped his boxers allowing his manhood to spring free. Meia gave another soft gasp and attentively reached for it again but stopped hesitantly. 

"Please grab it."

She looked up at him with her piercing green eyes then back to his rod, gripping it firmly. She looked back to him as if asking if she was doing it right.

The feeling of his dick in her hand had an arousing affect on her, she rapped her left leg around him and roughly ground herself into the top of his leg. With each pump she gave David a squeeze, who kissed her neck and collar bone in response. 

After just a few moments of this stimulation Meia hooked her right leg around his waist lifting herself up, with David's cock between their bellies. David continued to kiss her neck moving down to her shoulders, she arched her back with a moan giving him better access to her breasts through the top of her low cut shirt. The more he kissed the more she humped him mashing his cock between them.

David moved away from the wall carrying Meia to the bed. When he sat her down he had to pull her arms from around him. When he stopped kissing her neck and the top of her breasts she gave a small whimper and weakened her grip with her legs. David moved back and observed the beauty.

Meia laid there on the edge of David's bed with a sad expectant look. David dropped to his knees between her legs, he hooked his fingers on the edges of her underwear slowly pulling them down. Admiring the slow revelation of her slit, which was pleasantly free of all hair, like it was waxed except for small strip right above the clit. As far as David knew all the titans were hairless except for their heads and a small patch of pubic her

They were both virgins but David knew this was a beautiful pussy. It glistened with her juices and looked so tight and fresh.

"What are you doing David?" her voice was small and wispy.

David looked up into Meia's eyes and locked gazes, stuck out his tongue and slowly lowered his head, her eyes widened In realization, David never removed his eyes from hers. 

Meia gave out the most erotic yelp of pleasure, when David ran his tongue over her slightly swollen clitoris. It was his job to know just about everything, and he knew all about the female body but mostly just medical stuff, however he did know about the clitoris.

David messaged her clit between his lips giving it a flick with his tongue. He licked her small puffy lips until she was clean of her own juices. David moved his head back and separated Meia's lips to reveal her sweet little hole, which David wasted no time diving into jabbing his tongue in and out as fast as he could. Meia reached down and grabbed David's head holding it in place. She was squirming, whimpering and moaning while bucking her hips, wildly fucking David's face.

David took her little clit knob in his mouth to suck on it again when she very forcefully shoved his face down into her pussy and went rigid. She let out another moan this time it was loud and bestial. This made David glad that the room was sound proof, but he was more interested in the juices that flood out of his lover and down her thighs. It was sweet and tangy at the same time. Again David licked her clean.

When she relaxed she went completely limp, David crawled on the bed next to her. She was so weak looking, her eyes glazed over, yet she still looked like the beautiful goddess that David always took her for.

"I have never had a... dick inside me."

"I know... do you want to?"

Meia bit her lower lip like she was afraid of David's reaction and nodded her head yes.

David leaned in and kissed her again deep and passionate. He reached down to stroke her side when he realized she was still wearing her shirt and he had never actually seen her breasts before.

"Can I take your shirt off?"

Still biting her lip she shook her head no. David gave her a disappointed look, and she smiled at him. "Sit up." when he did she sat on his lap straddling him with his dick once again held between their bellies, her juices dripping down onto his sac. David placed his hands on her hips, and she put her hands on either side of David's face and kissed him this time her being the dominant one. 

Meia then leaned back a bit and pulled her shirt up to just under her sweet firm globes. She gave David a teasing smile, then reached behind her back and pulled her shirt up further from behind and over her head holding it in front of her chest.

David slid his hands up under her arms, and reached out to help pull the shirt off but stopped to rub the sides of her breast, the only part he could get to as of yet. Meia dropped her arms so David could remove the shirt easier. 

There they were, the most perfect breasts David had ever seen, although they were the only real in life breasts he had ever seen. Firm globes that didn't dangle down, small pink nipples with a goose bump edge.

"What was that show about?"

"I felt like being sexy for you." Meia pushed David over backwards going with him and reaching down between them to David's still hard dick. Meia gave another scared looked before guiding the tip to the opening of her pussy. She sat up, barely holding his cock in place. Slowly she lowered herself onto it, letting out moans and groans of pain and pleasure as she went. She took about 4 inches getting more and more aroused as she went. At about half way she stopped and David could feel there was something blocking it. 

"I cant go any further."

"It's called your hymen. You have to shove through it but its supposed to hurt." David made an I'm sorry look, "but if you do when its over its supposed to feel really good.

Meia took in a deep breath and grabbed David's shoulders to brace herself, then suddenly with no warning she impaled herself on the final 5 inches. David felt the hymen break over his dick head and himself pushed all the way to the back. Meia screamed and dug her nails into David's shoulders, which surprisingly to David kind of turned him on even more, then collapsed on him panting with her head on his chest. 

David tilted his head just slightly so he could look at her face but she yelped in an urgent voice. "Oh, no please don't move yet." as she said this David could feel her tense the muscles in her pussy very gently but the stimulation was enough to make his dick flinch. Meia yelped again and scratched down David's pecks . "Oww its still really tender."

"Really? I thought it would be better by now."

"Well I guess it is. I'm just kind of nervous, but don't move to much, let me do it." Meia sat up very carefully and David placed his hands at the top of her ass, squeezing her cheeks. 

"Umm I don't know what to do now."

"Just lift up like your taking it out then come back down on it, as fast as you want to."

Meia followed the instructions but very slowly and carefully.

David placed his hands on her hips again and said, "You're never going to have any fun going that slow." He then began to guide her going faster, Meia's breasts began to bounce up and down, this teased David to go even faster, meeting her with his own hips. He looked down to see Meia sliding off his cock then her slamming back down taking the hole thing to the base, each time making a sound of ecstasy. 

Meia's eyes got the glazed look again, and she began to shiver. After a couple more thrusts she arched her back and let out what sounded almost like a howl. David could feel her pussy tighten around his cock. Her death grip got to the point where he had to stop his return pumps. Meia kept going, in fact she was getting faster and pushed deeper. 

" No, please keep going...keep going."

"Oh, god. You're so tight."

"Keep going!" 

"I cant in this position."

"Then move so you can. Oh! Keep going!"

After some awkward repositioning, in which Meia continued to grind herself on David's dick the whole time with the glazed look, David had Meia on her back at the edge of his bed. Meia had her legs rapped around David's waist who stood just off the edge of the fairly high bed and she still managed her frantic fuck with her increasingly tight pussy.

From this angle David got an even better view of Meia, he rubbed down her legs to her size 6 feet snuggly fitted in small socks with a frilly top, again black to finish her outfit which was now in a pile on the floor. He then moved his hand up her leg to the small patch of pubic hair that was rolling with her movements. 

"Why aren't you doing it?" Meia was moaning with her eyes closed. " I feel something, like before but stronger." she was twisting her hands in the bed sheets. "help me feel it again."

David couldn't believe she knew so little about orgasms and sex in general but the way she was talking was turning him on. He started fucking her again as she pumped and ground herself against him.

"Oh my god. You're so tight I cant believe it."

"I'm sorry just keep going, I'm almost there."

"Being tight is wonderful, I love it." David threw his head back. "I'm almost there to."

" What ever happens don't stop, keep doing this, please just keep doing this." right then Meia lifted her mid back off the bed and went rigid, David could feel her get even tighter, squeezing him to the point of it hurting, the only reason he could keep going was from the new rush of her sweet nectar that lubed her love tunnel and moistened David's whole crotch area. 

Trying to comply with her request not to stop, David continued to pump into her as he came to his orgasm just after she did. Meia now lay limp on the bed, her chest rising and falling gently, and her tiny treasure trail hair patch matted with her own juices and she kept whimpering. " Go..... Keep..... Keep.... Going..... Keep."

David pumped at least 8 loads of his hot jizz in her before falling to the bed beside her in exhaustion. 

" I'm so glad I let you do that."

" I'm glad you did to."

Meia snuggled close to David resting one leg over him and her head on his shoulder. "Can we do it again?"

David opened his eyes to look in hers, what had he awakened in her?