 Disclaimer: These are character that I created and I do own them and the story around them in their entirety. Any similarities between them and anyone living, dead, or conceived by someone else imagination is purely coincidental.

*

Part of the titan's enhancement was stamina and better nerve stimulation. So when Meia suggested a round 2, David was quite literally up for it.

David started to push Meia onto her back but she stopped him and said, "No, I want to do to you what you did to me." She then pushed him back and rolled off the bed and kneeled between his legs which dangled off the edge. She looked up to David and gave him the same look he gave her before he licked her to her first orgasm.

Meia put her hands on his smooth lean muscled legs and began to lick her juices from them, moving up as she went. David sat up a bit so he could watch as she took each ball in her mouth at a time and sucked them clean. She made a long track up the bottom of his dick and grabbed it with one hand and pushed his legs open more with the other. Tipping his member down she kissed the head gently, licking her lips with a look of deep thought.

"The stuff here tastes different then the stuff on your legs."

Slightly embarrassed David blushed and said, "That stuff is called come, and the come on my legs is yours while this is mine."

"I didn't see you do what I did when I made this 'come'."

David blushed more and paused before saying, "Well that's because I did it inside you." David thought she would be mad, but instead she just looked down and moved her free hand to her pussy. David couldn't see but he heard a slick sliding noise and she made a slight whining noise.

Meia brought her hand up in front of her face, her middle finger and pointer was the only ones raised and dripping wet with come. "So that's what I felt." She lifted her finger under her nose to give it a quick sniff. "I think I like the way it tastes." She then popped her fingers into her mouth. David thought this was extremely sexy but he just raised his eyebrow not knowing how else to react.

Meia's gaze went back to David's stiff cock. The hand that was holding it was loose around it when she moved her hand up and back down once. David groaned.

"Oh-no, does it hurt?" He could hear in her voice that she was really concerned she was hurting him instead of making him feel good like he made her.

"Oh, god no. It feels better then you can believe." David gave her a smile. "It would feel really good if you put it in your mouth." Meia looked unsure but moved the tip in between her young lips. David groaned again. Meia was not the best at giving blow jobs this being her first time but she was better then anything he could ask for, she didn't use her teeth and she seemed to know just where to focus. 

Meia giggled around his cock head pleased with herself. She wasn't sure what she was supposed to do but she knew that she liked it when he licked her so she began running her tongue down every inch that she could fit in her mouth without gagging. 

David was moving his hips up and down making Meia chase his cock. " I'm going to come, keep going." Soon he stopped moving and his load shot into her mouth, just as she was going to move her mouth away he shot another and another giving a spasm between each one.

David looked up at her, scared that he might have made her mad by doing that and she would leave ending the night of fun and games. However Meia had a neutral look on her face, she bent her head back and swallowed 3 times before looking back down at David. She gave a cute smile and tilted her head to the side. There was a dribble of come on the corner of her mouth which she licked up and gave David's dick another light kiss before getting back on the bed to lay next to David again.

"Yep."

" Yep, what?"

" I do like the taste."

"I like the way you taste too." David moved his hand down and started to rub his finger just inside her slit. She was still wet from her last orgasm and David's come. "I have an idea. Get on your hands and knees like you're crawling."

When she was in the position David moved behind her grabbing a cheek in each hand. Moving his dick between them he leaned forward and started to slide his dick up and down her crack.

"David, this isn't really that fun."

"To be honest I have to agree."

David thought for a second about trying to stick it in her ass but that seemed kind of gross to him and they were to new at this so he wasn't sure how she would react to that kind of thing. So instead he grabbed his own shaft and started moving the head from top to bottom of her slit.

She groaned at the movement, but when he moved his head to her opening and popped his head just inside she let out a squeal. 

Her pussy wall hugging his dick head made David lust for more. Not being able to control himself he quickly jammed his cock in as far as her tight little pussy would allow. Again she squealed and arched her back.

"It feels way different this way." She leaned her head down keeping her butt in the air so David could keep doing his job. "It feels so good.'

David loved the little things about Meia. He could see one of her breasts was being pushed flat against the bed and just the curved side was out for him to enjoy with his heavy breathing and Meia's small feminine grunts with each of his deep thrusts. He loved the way it looked to watch his dick sliding in and out of her love tunnel and the way her pussy would pulsate, squeezing him after each time he pushed in. Most of all he loved just how tight she was.

"I think I like the other way better but... this is.... Still... Just so.... Good."

From the tightening around his cock and her speech David could tell she was close but he thought he was closer. David didn't want to disappoint her by not giving her another orgasm but he just wasn't sure he could last. He was looking down watching his dick slide in and out from between her ass cheeks but that was making his problem come even sooner, so he looked away and made a tighter grip on her ass cheeks.

He was so busy trying to hold on that he didn't notice he was leaning back and pulling her back off the bed until.

"David, watch out!"

Stars exploded in front of David's eyes as the back of his head hit the floor. Meia being the agile of the three titans landed nimbly on top of him.

Meia was looking down at him on the floor. "You ok?"

After a second David said, "Ya, I'm fine."

"Want me to finish this?" The pain was instantly gone when he opened his eyes and saw her leaning over the top of him her breasts directly above his face. She was straddling him with the moistened heat of her crotch on his belly. She moved down to get in to position and slid his dick back inside her.

She was still leaning forward bouncing her hips up and down the whole time staring into David's eyes, smiling. He noticed her perfect breasts jiggling and couldn't help but reach up and start to fondle them.

"Oh, David that feels so good." He loved making her feel good so he continued his message of her breasts and rubbing circles over her nipples with his thumbs. She started to groan more and more, as she fell forward laying on David's chest, still humping him vigorously. Her pussy tightened again and she went stiff, which David learned to recognize as the signs of an orgasm but this time the tightness of her pussy on his dick caused him to come as well. She slowly raked her nails down his body.

Meia's head was resting on his shoulder while her pussy and his dick pulsated in turn. "I can feel it again, I'm glad you are making come with me again."

David kissed her forehead. "Me to."

They fell asleep there, David's dick shrunk still inside Meia returning to its normal size for the first time all night.