 Melani felt her master explode between her lips. She swallowed every drop, knowing that anything less would result in a severe beating. She looked up in hopes of seeing the satisfaction in his eyes that she had put there. Instead she saw his right hand flying toward her.

She felt the impact of the blow on her cheek as she flew across the floor. Her naked body skidded across the tile and she could feel the burning across her exposed body from the friction. She wanted to moan, to scream, to cry. She did nothing but wait.

"Stupid bitch! Worthless slut! You will never look me in the eyes again! I will kill you if you ever dare to look upon me without my permission!" He roared. "Return to your chamber. Tomorrow we travel."

She rose from the cold tile and made her way to the door. She closed it quietly behind her. Once outside his presence she leaned against the cold stone wall, breathing deeply to absorb the pain he always brought to her. Tomorrow the traveling began. She would be his for the two weeks it took to get to Finsell. Then who knew what would happen to her. If he favored her at the end of the trip she would be his. If the Gods favored her she would be dead.

She made her way through the corridors back to her quarters. She was among the privileged. Her room was separate from the others. The four stone walls were as cold as her master's heart, but they were her walls. She laid her body down on the stone floor. Perhaps if she could please him he would allow her to have a rug to lie on.

She had made it through nineteen summers. She didn't expect to make it through another. Summers here didn't matter anyway. The land surrounding this keep was as cold and harsh as her master's heart. She laid her head on the stone tile and said her mantra. Take my spirit away. Free me of this pain. Set my soul to the wind. Restore me. As she said her silent prayer she fell asleep.

They were on their way before the first light of dawn had cracked the eastern sky. The carriage jarred her body, but she was thankful to be inside the transport rather than exposed to the elements as some of the less fortunate were. She was lucky he chose her. Yes, lucky.

"Bitch," He roared, "Come to me. Please your master."

Melani crawled from under the bench he sat on and squatted between his thick legs. He had already exposed himself for her and she carefully took him into her mouth. She stifled the gag she felt each time she touched his flesh. The feel of him, the taste, and the smell...All these things appalled her, yet she had to endure. Until the Gods decided her fate.

Her hands behind her back, she worked her tongue over his manhood. She parted her lips and took him into her mouth working slowly to make him last. This was the only time she had any control over her life. She was determined to use it to the fullest of her ability.

He moaned and placed his large hands on the back of her head. "Yes, my slut," He growled, "Suck your master's cock."

Melani felt a tear roll down her cheek and prayed he would not notice it. If he did he would punish her. She worked her mouth over him, taking him in and out slowly, feeling his hardness throb against her tongue. She felt his cock jerk as his cum filled her. Another tear rolled down. Nausea filled her body.

"Enough!" He roared as he pushed her away. "Begone from me now. I have no use of you."

Melani crawled back under the bench beneath him and huddled against the back of the carriage. How much longer could she last? As she huddled against the hard wood she sought solace in sleep.

Melani's head hit the top of the seat. She flinched and shook her head. What was going on? She felt the carriage twist and turn, felt her body thrown against the bottom of the seat. Then she sprawled in a heap near the door, the roof of the carriage beneath her. Her master's body sprawled over her, his weight bearing down on her.

She fought for breath as she tried to pull her body from under his crushing weight. Her fingers pressed against the carriage top as she struggled to pull herself out from under him. The top of her chest pulled free and she was able to draw a deeper breath.

She twisted her body from side to side. One hip free. Now the right leg slid loose. She wrapped her fingers around the door latch and pulled fiercely, her lips twisting up and her breath coming out in a hiss as she struggled against him. Her left leg popped from under his oppressive weight. Free. Her body was free. She twisted the latch and pulled her body from the carriage.

She squeezed her eyes shut as they tried to adjust to the harsh light. She felt cold spots touching her body, fading away as rapidly as their feathered touches. Snow. Slowly she opened her eyes, squinting at her surroundings.

The carriage had toppled over a steep ledge. She could clearly see the treacherous path it had taken on its downward spiral. The main road lay above her, the face of the rocks too sheer to climb. She saw a figure standing above her on the road staring downward. One of the guards, she was sure.

This was her chance. Taking a deep breath she hurried to the front of the carriage. She found the coachman face down; his body in a position only possible after death. She quickly removed his jacket and placed it over her naked shoulders. She did not have time to remove anything else, save his boots. She would not delay in an effort to be better prepared. She would rather die cold and naked and free that live another day of this life. She slipped the boots over her feet and tried as best she could to keep them on. They were quite a bit bigger than she was but they would do.

She slogged away from the carriage, heading in the opposite direction of the road, hoping to put distance between her and the guard above. If she were caught she would be dead. "I would rather be dead," She thought to herself, "May the Gods forgive me."

Melani felt as though she had walked for days. Her teeth chattered against each other. She was so cold. She wrapped her arms around her chest to try to keep as much heat inside her as she could. Her breath came out in ragged, steaming gasps.

When she walked away from the carriage Melani had entered a thick forest of dark imposing trees. They were taller than any tree she could remember. At first she was terrified of the dark trees. With master gone there was no one to take care of her, to keep her safe. As she walked she found comfort among the trees. She sensed a calmness and serenity that had been lacking within her for so long. She felt warmth among them.

As much comfort as the forest provided, the fields she crossed into induced fear. Everything was open. She felt exposed for all to see. The fields did nothing to break the weather. The wind reached into her and frosted her soul. The snow was coming down now, lightly at first but building in intensity. She rushed toward the rock outcropping she could see in the distance. Rocks walls would provide some cover.

The snow was coming down so hard when she reached the rocks that she could barely see her own hands in front of her face. Melani's body was so weary she didn't think she could keep going. She walked in between two of the mighty stone outcroppings and felt the wind break away. She leaned against the rock to catch her breath. She was so tired.

She walked on despite her weariness. Night would fall soon. She had to find cover somewhere or she would likely freeze to death. Her foot slipped on the ice covered rock and she tumbled to the ground. Melani lie there, her body aching. She looked up and saw the dark opening in the rock to her right.

She pulled herself over to it and looked in. It was a cave! The opening was small but she was confident she could enter it. In the cave she would be safe from the weather. She was used to the stone of the castle; it surely could not be any worse.

She worked her shoulders through the opening in the rocks. It was tighter than she expected and for a few minutes she thought she would be stuck there, half in half out. Finally her shoulders made it through and she was able to pull her hips in. She slid down the shallow ledge to the cave floor and breathed a sigh of relief. It was warmer in here. She could survive the night within this cave. She could only hope the guards had given up searching for any survivors.

As her eyes adjusted to the limited light she could make out more details. The entrance she used to get into the cave was only the smallest part of it. The cavern rose up above her probably thirty feet. The area she was standing on was flat and at the far edge of her view it seemed to drop off. To her left she could see steam rising. That explained the unnatural warmth she felt.

Melani walked over to the rising steam. It appeared to be a spring of some sort pooling in the rock. The steam was warm, inviting. She could not resist. The coachman's jacket slipped from her shoulders as she kicked off the boots. Her feet were sore. She could feel the blisters on them as she slipped one foot, then the other, into the pool.

She shivered as the inviting warmth seeped into her body. She tipped her head skyward and sighed, silently thanking the Gods. The water was luxurious. She rubbed her hands over her body. Every spot she touched ached. She slipped her body under the water and felt the grime running from her body. She eased her head above the ripples and leaned back, soaking in the warmth, relaxing. She closed her eyes and nodded off to sleep.

She awoke to the sound of the wind roaring past her. She tried to blink the sleep from her eyes as she looked for the source. A rasping, grating noise filled her ears. "Not the wind," She thought as her mind adjusted to the sound. "Breathing."

She felt a large hand wrap around her throat and raise her from the water. The creature stared at her. She had never seen one before but she knew what it was. A Brayer. They had talked of them at the keep, their ferocity. They were human but not easily recognized as such.

It was much larger than her, larger than most men. Its hands were the size of her head. Its hair fled from its head as if seeking escape. Long, knotted ropes of hair hanging passed its shoulders. Its mouth was larger than hers and filled with jagged, rotten teeth. Its eyes were those of a wild beast.

The Brayer tossed Melani against the cavern wall. She hit so hard she felt her teeth slam together. She tried to crawl away, the rock digging into her knees as she scrambled, then it was on her.

The Brayer's large hand tangled in her hair and pulled her head back so far she feared her neck would snap. Its head brushed her cheek. "Mine," It hissed into her ear. It positioned itself behind her and she felt the brush of its cock between the cheeks of her ass. She tried to scream but could not find her voice.

Melani felt its cock push into her. She crushed her teeth together as a tear ran from her eye. It was massive, easily the biggest she had ever felt. The Brayer let go of her hair as it pumped into her. She could hear it grunting as her knees crushed into the cavern floor, its weight threatening to break her.

Her tears stopped flowing. She would not break. This man thing could not break her if she did not let it. She refused to allow any satisfaction to enter her body, refused to be used by any man ever again. This Brayer may satisfy its needs but it would never satisfy hers.

It pumped into her quickly now, rasping and grunting as it reached its orgasm. She felt it's cum squirting into her body, flooding her. She could feel her own heat rising but she refused to acknowledge it. "I will not be used again," She repeated in her mind.

The creature pushed her roughly away from it. She collapsed on the floor of the cave, her vision blurring. The last thing she saw was the Brayer walking over to her and lowering its massive frame to her face, staring at her. Before she lost consciousness she remembered what she saw in those eyes.

Awareness.