 Melani had been sitting on the ledge for what seemed like days. Below her the Brayer lay on its stomach, twitching occasionally and making moaning noises less often. She had sat here, waiting, fearing it was some kind of ploy on the beast's part. She knew that made no sense, the creature was much stronger and faster than she and could have easily caught her before she ever made it to the ledge. Something must be wrong with it. Now was her chance.

She crept from the ledge and approached the Brayer warily. The beast's fingers grasped at the cavern floor as if grabbing something and holding it tight. It made odd noises deep in its throat and settling in its chest, but it made no attempt to rise.

Melani felt the anger rising in her over what the beast had done. This creature had taken her without her permission, as she had been taken so many times before by the emperor and his men. The anger seared through her as she lashed out at the Brayer, kicking it in the ribs and pummeling its back with her fists, tears no longer flowing from her eyes, just the venom of the abuse she had suffered.

When the rage subsided she rose and walked toward the newly discovered passage. As she reached the entrance she saw the bundle the Brayer had brought in with it, dropping it before collapsing in a heap.

"Raven berries," She thought, staring at the branches bundled near the Brayer, "It gathered up raven berry branches." Ravenberries were rare in these parts, among the sweetest of the berries in the land. Praised for their sweetness and how filling they were and in the highest of demands at peak season, this was still many months away. How the creature had come across these was beyond her. It must have known she would not eat the meat it had left and gone to get the berries for her.

Her hands rested on each side of the opening that could lead to her freedom. Melani's head dropped between her shoulders as she sighed. She turned to the beast.

Over the next hour Melani worked to turn the Brayer over. At first she was afraid to touch him; Afraid he would rise and take her again as he had the day before. She touched him and jumped back. Nothing. Burying her fear deep within herself she grabbed the shoulder of the creature and pulled. It took all her strength to turn the Brayer over on its back.

The Brayer's face was covered in a sheen of sweat and its lips moved but no sound came out. His large hands opened and closed and his fingers trembled.

Melani rushed back to the pool she had soaked in the day before and pulled a kerchief from the coachman's coat she wore. She soaked it in the warm water and placed it in her pocket as she went to the deerskins on the floor. She pulled the skins forward with her into the room where the Brayer lie. 

Melani sat on her knees gazing down at the Brayer. She was out of breath from moving the deerskins. She had forgotten how far she had traveled in the short time, from that first cavern to this, almost to freedom. She took the handkerchief out of her breast pocket and rang it out over the Brayer's forehead and cheeks. The water trickled over his flesh and he made grunting sounds, but other than that he did not stir.

After regaining her breath Melani made several trips to the first cavern to fetch more water. She continued to wash the Brayer's face, cheeks, and hair. It seemed to her that the Brayer was a puzzle within a puzzle. The more she studied him the more confused she became.

For instance, his hair, which hung in rows like corn flower plants that had received the blessings of all-father sun for too many days were intricately braided with small beads every so often, carved with runes like none she had ever seen.

When she had washed his face she had allowed some of the water to trickle into his mouth to satisfy his thirst. His head twisted in search of the source, greedily lapping it up. During her first encounter with this beast she had thought his mouth was filled with fangs, or teeth decayed to the gums, but his teeth were sound, solid, and without defect. They had been covered with grime, perhaps that caused her confusion.

She had begun to cleanse the rest of his body, starting with his chest, but he was so caked with mud and debris, and his body seemed so solid, so hard to her touch, that she stopped. She just wanted to make sure it would survive, nothing more. As soon as she was sure it would recover she would be on her way.

Melani's stomach growled. The last time she had eaten was more than a day ago. No wonder she felt so weak. She pulled the raven berries over and began to pluck at the branches. The berries burst on her tongue as she began to chew, filling her with their warmth and sweet flavor. As the juice ran down her throat she sighed with satisfaction. They were better than she remembered.

As she chewed the delicious berries she watched the Brayer. The beast spasmed tossed its head from side to side fighting a battle only it could comprehend. She watched its chest heave, its hips arch upward. His chest was so broad. She remembered the day before, how he had taken her, how large he was.

She felt the arousal beginning and shook her head. Now she was identifying this thing as male, she thought to herself. This thing was nothing more than a beast, like a panther or a boar. The Three Sisters had to be watching her now, shaking their heads.

Her stomach was no longer growling and she felt fairly full. Her bones ached from all she had been through the last two days. And she was so tired. Slowly she lowered herself to the cold stone and let her head rest on one of her arms. As she lay there she stared at the beast as sleep overtook her.

She opened her eyes to a murmur. She felt arms around her neck pulling her down. She felt the soft flesh beneath her as she began to enter this beautiful creature. She could feel the body beneath her, undulating. It was strong, firm yet fleshy. And definitely female. . As her eyes adjusted to the darkness in the chamber she became aware.

It was a Brayer.

She was making love to a female Brayer. She shook her head as the creature thrust upward. She could feel its warm flesh enveloping her, merging with her flesh. She groaned as she felt an orgasm wrack her body. Melani felt the beast beneath her shudder in time with her own orgasm. She slipped her head out of the arms of this creature and leaned back.

She could see the creature more clearly. It was large, like the Brayer she was familiar with, yet feminine. She could make out the curves of its ample breasts. Could feel the strength emanating from it. And she could see its smile. She was about to say something when she heard the commotion in the corridor. She turned toward the entrance...

And she was in the forest. She heard the screaming even over the great distance. She turned toward it and began to run. This can not happen, she thought to herself.

He ran quickly through the forest, dodging trees and underbrush as he went. No, not he, her, Melani. She rushed into the clearing and saw her. She stopped at the edge of the forest, staring forward, eyes not believing the sight. Slowly she stepped toward the corpse of the female Brayer.

Melani gazed into the lifeless eyes. She knew her. She had made love to her. This creature that had been so full of warmth, of life. Now this. She gently wrapped her arms through the Brayers arms and across her back and lifted her to Melani's chest. She wept. She turned her head up to the moon and howled.

He howled until the mourning had passed and all that remained was anger. He surveyed his surrounding and looked for a trail. There! He could see the broken twigs pointing him to his destiny. He turned to look back at her, one last glance.....

And he was walking through the caverns, howling, growling, slashing at all things in his path. He had the vague recollection of being told to come here. He did not care. All he wanted was for this craze to leave him. He wanted freedom, either in life or in death. 

He tipped his nose to the air. A smell wafted on the slim breeze that reminded him of his love. Quickly he set out to follow the scent.

He traveled for over an hour, the scent getting stronger with each corner he passed, each cavern he wandered into. The scent was so strong now it was overpowering. He heard footfalls and slowly crept forward, peering into the next cavern. He saw her. She was naked. One foot was dipping into the pool next to her. He stared at her, breathless, fighting the madness in his mind in an effort to better understand what he was seeing. She seemed to radiate beauty. She was surrounded by a soft, golden glow that fed his desire and fueled his madness.

Her beauty made him growl deep in his throat. She was slim, more petite than what he was used to. But that tiny waist made her breasts all the more impressive. They stood proudly away from her body, firm and strong. He could smell her body, her sex, and he could feel it overpowering his other senses.

She lowered the other foot into the water. She turned her head toward the ceiling of the cavern and spread her arms. Her back arched and he clutched at the cavern rock so hard on seeing her delicious curves he broke several of his nails. Slowly she lowered herself into the water.

He watched as she rubbed her hands along the curves of her cheeks, leaving a trail of water behind. She rubbed her shoulders, the curve of her breasts, and her hands disappeared into the water. Slowly she lowered her head beneath the steaming water and he moved.

He lunged forward from his hiding place and perched behind the spot where her head had vanished. He sat back in the shadows anxiously awaiting the return of her golden glow.

Slowly her head broke the surface. She tipped her head back on the ledge surrounding the pool and closed her eyes. When her breathing leveled off he crept forward and stopped inches from the back of her head. He sat there and stared at her, taking in the scent of her, for a long time.

He felt his desire for her building. It had been a long time since he had mated and his body betrayed that. He could feel his body responding to her closeness, her scent. He could feel his pulse quicken, his breathing deepen.

He could feel awareness returning to her as her breathing turned shallow. She twisted her head from right to left. Each twist exposed one breast from the water, waves rippling around the nipples as they were exposed. He could take no more. He wrapped one hand around her neck and pulled her from the water, turning her to see her body.

The golden glow was still there, emanating from her every pore, overpowering him and sending blood to his massive erection. Her body was not what he was used to, much smaller and more frail, but the curves of her body made up for that and he could sense a hidden strength inside her, a strength he craved to possess. As his eyes roved her body he made it to her face. What he saw there made his blood boil. Her lips were full, her eyes, her eyes were the color of honey. What he saw in them made his anger rise.

Fear and loathing. She stared at him with such a look of disgust he could not bear it. He threw his arms out and cast her against the cavern wall. That was when the beast took over.

She tried to crawl from him but he would not have it. He would make her his. She belonged to him. He wrapped a large hand into her hair as he pulled her back to him, back against his hardness. He tipped his head back as he entered her and howled. He could feel that golden glow filling him, taking him, flooding through him. His body convulsed as he had orgasm after orgasm until he was spent.

He pushed her away as he rose from her body and watched her collapse. He lowered his face to hers and watched closely. He must provide for her. She needed food and he had to care for her. She was too frail to hunt, to weak to overpower the things that would prey on her. He turned to walk back in search of food, and roared.

He was sitting up in the cavern, but he should not be here. He was disoriented. No, not he, she. Melani was back in the cavern. She remembered everything that had happened, everything she had dreamt. She turned to the Brayer.

He was staring at her, looking at her as if he were measuring her, testing her. She rose on her hands and pushed herself away as she rose to a standing position. She crossed her arms over her chest and paced back and forth. She had to go, had to take her chances out there.

She moved quickly down the passages, moving with a speed she didn't know she possessed. She wasn't sure where she was headed, but she felt strongly this was where she was supposed to go. Suddenly she stopped.

She walked on slowly, feeling a sudden dread in every pore. Then she heard the soft growling. Turning her head slowly she saw the boulder wolf looking down at her, fangs snarling. She could sense its desire, it's longing to claim her as its next meal, seconds before it leapt.

Then it was too late. It was in the air, her hands flying to her face in an effort to protect herself.