 Melinda lay with her eyes closed and thought about her life. She thought about how she had become the star player in the latest social media titillating video game. She thought about all the cum that spilled onto floors and into tissues while young boys stroked themselves over and over while they looked at pictures of her. She felt powerful. Finally she rolled over and squinted at the clock. The numbers glowed red from across the room and it was 4 am. Rolling out of bed she stood, naked and proud with her hands on her hips and studied her reflection in the mirror. Her breasts were firm and big, each one was just slightly larger than her head, and her taut nipples pointed upwards. Her long platinum hair was perfect, as it always was, and her pussy was shaved. Turning, she looked over her shoulder and studied the reflection of her ass. She liked what she saw, it was firm and tight. Round and perfectly suited for a Warrior Queen. She shuffled to the bathroom to pee and shook the foot of her equally beautiful handmaiden and consort, Imogene, who slept naked at the foot of Melinda's bed.

"Wake up Imogene," she said, "and get the coffee on. We've only got an hour to get ready. I've got to brush my teeth. My mouth tastes like ass."

Melinda sat on the toilet, listening to Imogene in the other room and squeezed toothpaste on her toothbrush as she peed. It was a morning pee and it was a strong stream that went on for a long time. It was a good one. She didn't bother to dab herself dry, as she moved directly to the shower. Keeping the water cool to make her nipples hard she waited for Imogene to bring coffee and join her in her bath.

Melinda and Imogene bathed together almost every morning. They enjoyed soaping each other up and rubbing their tits together, sliding their slick fingers into one another's pussies and asses. Afterwards they would briskly rub themselves dry with towels until they were warm, and their skin pinkened.

"Whom do you battle today, m'Lady?" Imogene asked afterwards, as she held up Melinda's armored breast plate.

Melinda stepped forward and positioned the breast plate to ensure ample cleavage was displayed and that her nipples were barely covered. She turned so that Imogene could clinch it tight. It was her new "Wonder Plate" that pushed her titties up and made them look most attractive, especially for young boys. When it was properly fixed, she once again admired her reflection as faithful Imogene, still naked rummaged through the lower bathroom drawer. Melinda slapped her on the ass and Imogene jumped. She rubbed the cheek where she had been struck as Melinda's red hand print rose slowly to the surface of her skin.

"I think I'm scheduled with a little perv in Nagano Japan first, this morning. Then I'll be spending a lot of time in Stockholm. I know I'm in Manchester and at some point, I think, I've got a bachelor party in Tacoma. Did that little slap hurt Imogene? Lean back over that drawer and I'll kiss it. Make it all better."

Imogene leaned back over the drawer and Melinda made good on her promise. In fact she did more than make it better, she tarried for awhile with her tongue buried deep in Imogene's vagina. The scent of Imogene's sex permeated the moist bathroom air when Melinda stopped and Imogene was sated.

"Do you have your phone, Imogene?" Melinda asked.

"Of course, m'Lady."

"Well then let's keep going, we're running out of time." She raised one shapely, well turned leg and placed her foot on the counter top. Imogene rose from the drawer with a 'C-shaped' vibrator clutched in one hand and a bottle of lube in the other. She squeezed a few drops of the lube on the vibrator and inserted it into her Mistresses pussy, where she adjusted it so that one end nestled against Melinda's G-spot and the other rested against her clitoris. She turned it on and Melinda smiled.

"Perfect," she said.

Imogene turned the toy off and quickly helped Melinda into the armored G'string that she wore into battle. She squeezed the lock shut and dropped the key onto the tile counter top. The girls worked together to position the thin silk scarves that would complete the Warrior Queen's battle ensemble.

"Use your phone," Melinda said and Imogene opened the app that controlled her Queen's vibrator. She activated the device and Melinda's knees sagged, just a little. "Faster," she ordered. 

Imogene complied and a soft humming noise emanated from Melinda's armor. She leaned against the counter with her head back and her eyes closed. Imogene watched as her mistress climaxed and then turned off the device.

The Warrior Queen spent only a brief time in the afterglow of her orgasm then she stood straight, checked her reflection, finished her coffee and strode purposefully from the bathroom. At the front door she donned her helmet, the one with the wings on the sides, and collected her broadsword and shield. She checked her schedule, hanging on the wall. 

"I've gotta go find young Toshiyuki in Nagano. I'm just a little late." She leaned in and gave her beloved, and still naked, handmaiden a kiss before slapping her on the ass again, this time with the flat of her sword and raising another welt. "Bring my lunch a little later today. I think I'm going to be tied up for awhile in China but you'll probably be able to catch me in Helsinki. It would be nice if you weren't wearing panties when you meet me for lunch."