 "M.E.L.I.S.S.A.N.D.R.A."

Doctor Zhivago always was a busy man and he was brilliant in his field. He was one of the best and the best there was. He can create anything with the most simplest of objects. Which left you to wonder why you didn't think about it in the first place. Not only did he have the brains but also the looks. He was tall and well build. Black hair and baby blue eyes said one of the interns about them. He was what they call their Mr. Dreamy Guy. Smart, rich, and good-looking enough to star in Abercrombie & Fitch magazine with his body. I, on the other hand was short, well rounded and intelligent. I hate standing next to Dr. Z (as I call him) when girls are around. On the other hand Dr. Mickey mouse was my nickname amongst them, which made me aware of how nerdy and plump I feel.

Still the man had it all. So when I walked into his lab that day and I saw him intimately touching his latest work. I froze. While he slowly turned to me. His eyes didn't look baby blue then but more icy blue I would say. 

"So, what do we have here?" I said. "A new government mission." he replied. 

I turned to look at the new government mission and whistled. "Wow, what a mission." I said. He just looked at me with silver eyes I think or maybe I had misconceived how obsessed he was then. "Anyways," I uttered to change the subject, "what are the details." 

He explained that the General had donated his daughters body to the lab in order to make a new and improved humanoid. 'As life-like as possible': was the motto of the mission and the inspiration. 

This was something, because the General was so secretive about his private life but even more about government missions. I wondered what happened to his daughter that made him break his two rules which made him a powerful man. 

Dr. Zhivago turned and said: "She died of a generic diseases and the General would like for her to save her own self." "How will she be able to do that?" I asked. After that question nothing else came from him but the way how he looked and touched her. It was an eerie sight. It was as if he was an artist staring at his canvas and feeling the anticipation of creating a new masterpiece. I then saw his eyes were of blue but it was deeper and darker. 

It creeped me out to where I decided that I should part from this intimate atmosphere and try and see if I can chat up that new intern at the coffee machine. "Well, good luck with it Dr. Z" I said over my shoulder leaving the room. I heard nothing after that.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As Dr Zhivago stood in the room now alone and with his subject. He made sure that everything was perfect to begin with. So when he was done, there would be no ugly scars or weird noises coming from this body. He was prepared to undertake this mission with precise precision. She was beautiful and that was what made it all the more delicate and dangerous. Delicate because her skin was so soft and easily to bruise and dangerous because it was her. Her body was white and soft as if it was glowing and her nipples were of a strange pink color. Almost translucent but still visible. Her face was heart shaped and she had a widow's peak of black long flowing hair spread out about her face. Eyes closed he could see that she had long and thickly curled lashes, a petite nose and full lips. The type of full that would seduce a man mentally and physically. Yes, it was her.

It took months to finish his work but when he was done. He was pleased with his work. She looked the same like the day she was brought in here. Only her skin had a faint pink tint to it and her eyes were open. They were blue. A dark blue that was seductive and pronounced. Thanks to her long black eye lashes. He loved to look into them. Sometimes at night he swore she was beckoning him to come to her. And sometimes he can resist other times he would give in. 

The first time it happened was when she opened her eyes. She was alive but not conscience. He was so happy that he had succeeded that he bent down and kissed her. Her lips was soft and plush. He reeled back shocked at what he had done. But slowly there was a burning heat moving from his lips and through out his body. His ever ticking mind went numb leaving a hissing buzz of lust behind. He wanted more. 

He leaned over her again and this time kissed her softly. Slowly touching her lips with his and then finally a full on kiss. Slightly sucking in the pink flesh into his mouth to taste her. She tasted warm and alive. He parted her lips with his and tasted more of her until he was touching her tongue with his. She was already producing saliva and she tasted still alive. The rhythmic beeping sounds in the background sped up as he touched her. He knew then that she was responding to his touch. He felt superior and in control at the thought of it. He desperately wanted to touch her more and awaken her sinful senses. At first he touched her all over on her shoulder and arm massaging furiously to claim every inch of her. Then he inched his fingers to her stomach to feel her soft belly. Her skin felt hot and quiet under his touch. He moved them back up over the arch of her ribcage and onto her breast cupping them. He slid a finger over her nipple and then back again till they slowly rose. Finally, pinching the erected peaks and teasingly caressing her mound of flesh as he can feel the blood rushing to his groin area.

Her body reactions excited him because that meant her hormones was functioning normally as would a woman alive. He stopped their soft kiss to kiss her nipple, moving his mouth to and fro to feel how hard it had become. This made him wanton with lust and disappointed as his body was left untouched. It didn't bother him much because now he knew her body was in perfect working order. He opened his mouth and engulfed a soft nipple that was turning pinker under his massages and tweaks. He allowed his hot mouth to taste her flesh, feel her skin before he began to suck. He sucked and tweaked her nipple until he felt her back slightly arched. He moved to the other and did the same to it. He moved his mouth from breast to breast. Suckling and licking, caressing and touching with his hands. Until he moved his mouth lower onto her body. He moved his head down to the middle of her ribcage and further past her stomach and then seductively towards her belly. Stopping only briefly to lick the inside of her navel. Sticking his tongue in her navel and flicking it over the belly button. He moved on to her black curls as he grabbed her legs coming in between them. He lifted her legs and nibbled the inner flesh of her thighs before he smelled her womanhood. 

He looked at her pink folds peeking out of her lips lightly brushed with curled black hair. He so wanted to suck and kiss those lips. He moved in to taste when he realized something on her hairs. They were moist. This made him hungrily lap up at the moistness on her lips as he parted them to suck in her ever pinker ones. He was sucking and lapping them. He wanted them to produce even more fluid to taste. He dug his tongue deeper into her. Deeper into the vaginal cavity. He wanted to taste her and make her aroused by his efforts. 

He was so intent at his task that he hadn't realized that he was slowly but softly being rewarded. She was moving. Arching her back and withering with delight, as he teased her opening. He stroke a thumb over her clit to stimulate it better. And a soft moan escaped her lips. 

Dr Zhavago snapped his head up and looked at his creation. The rhythmic beeping noise in the background instantly slowed to a regular beep and her body as if it were went dead. He looked at her body and then back at her face and thought about what he was doing. 

He ran into the bathroom and washed his face and mouth to remove the scent of her. Even that made a long pulsing twitched in his groin area. Now he understood how men must feel during coitus interruption. 

He returned into his lab to look at her once again and all the thoughts he wanted to do to her right then and there crashed even harder in his loins than in his head. He ran back into the bathroom and leaned over the sink. He released his buttons on his pants and pulled out his cock. He grabbed it to still the pain and ache of sex for her but his hands began pumping his shaft. He open the door with his free hand and looked towards Melissandra. She was still lying there with her eyes open. he walked towards her still furiously stroking his shaft till he reach the end of the stretcher. He looked at her body and fantasized about all the things he wanted to do to her as he stroked his cock. 

With an ache in his balls he wanted to touch her to at least feel her smooth soft skin. He reached out and touched her toes with his cock. He first caressed the tip of his head on each of her toes as he left a sticky streak of pre cum from one toe to the next before he traced and even more stickier streak down the bottom of her foot. He grabbed both of her feet, putting them together and rammed his cock in the middle. He realized that he was fucking Melissandra's foot and it felt dirty and sensual at the same time. Her beauty was angelic and her body was innocent. He knew if she was alive he would not be up to her standards. But for now in this moment she was his and his alone. His little princess was being foot fucked. With that thought in his head he came leaving a jet stream of cum on her thigh as it trickle drown her inner thigh. He walked to the side of her leg, grabbed her knee, open her legs, parted her lips and wiped what was left of his cum all up her thigh and into her opening, fingering it deep as he can. Till he felt her barrier and stopped. His muscles in his body subsided and relaxed when he felt he has left his mark on his creation without damaging her frailty. He then retracted his finger curving it teasingly, for the last time tonight, up and over her wet clit as he pulled his hand away from her. Then he noticed the rhythmic beeping in the background slowed even more. Ironically, all this time his body was racked with emotion and lust and she was drifting and falling into sleep.