 Awakening

I thought my luck would change with the ladies but it is still the same. No dates and no offers. Just the usual 'What is Doctor Zhivago doing in there?'. 

I am the onliest one who can enter his lab and I am loving all the attention it has given me. Still even though Dr Z has been busy with his new project for the past couple of months. No one know much about what he is doing and when will it all end. He has been working tirelessly for months locked up in his lab. While I who has some spare time and can go out, can't even get a date. Cause all the women in here are swooning for him. 

Every now and then he would come out of his lab to only return to it, in a few seconds. You would see all the women sighing at him as he passes by, looking all disheveled. The women would say 'That is what makes him all the more sexier!' Typical women, when you are with them they want to dress you up like a sissy while when they met you, your un-kept look is what attracted them to you in the first place. 

I walked into Dr Z's lab shaking my head. "Hey, you gotta stop teasing them like this. They are dying for your company!" or at least a chance to fuck your brains out, I thought to my self. 

As usual he was intently looking at his subject. Sometimes I would come in and catch him talking to her as if she was alive. Now that was freaky. I thought maybe he was going mad but my opinion wouldn't matter as long as he had results and that is what he had. Today her eyes were open and her body functioning just right. We talked about his progress and her future accommodations. He wants to install enough machinery in her to make her strong but still appear, feel and look-like a human. Only he can bring the dead back to life.

"Hey, I never really got the chance to ask you where you got her name from?" I asked him. "Melissandra: Multi evolutionary looking intelligent sublime substantiated anatomical naturally dermatological raced android" he spitted out in one breath.

"Oh, Melissandra..." I said turning my head back to his project. I thought it was some ex girlfriend's name he had used to name her after. But once again, he showed me business was always business with him so I never wondered. And as I left the room I could hear him resume his soft conversation he probably was having before I came in. I thought to myself if God has ever done the same to me.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once alone again Dr Zhavago resume his delicate conversation with Melissandra. Her name was really Lisa, but he always had hated it. He wanted her to have a royal name and Melissandra fit the bill. 

He was adding some more changes to her body until he realized something was different about her than before. Her body was warm to the touch. He touched her from head to toe feeling how much more alive she was becoming. Until he realized he was more caressing her than touching her. He was touching and kneading her flesh as he felt the heat of her. He started to caress her breast as her nipples became instantly erect. The rhythmic beeping noise in the back sped up and he once again began suckling her breast. She was so soft. Everything about her was soft and smooth. Her hair a sinfully black was full and curly. Her lips has over time become red and there was now a nearly white glow to her body. She was so milky white that you can see where her skin was tight by her veins, especially by her breast. 

He realized that her breast was big when Mathew mentioned it to him. "Whoa, would you take a look at the size of those titties. Yikes! I bet you can suck on them for days." he said. Dr Zhavago was so mad at the thought of another man ogling his princess that he banned everyone from his lab except Dr Mikey. He just wanted Melissandra for him self but also he wanted her to want him alone.

Like to night when he stood over her. Looking into her eyes and allowing them to drink him in. It turned him on. Looking was enough but tonight it was to much. He wanted nothing more than to make love to her. He wanted her to respond to him to his touch to his being.

He stroked her belly before he slid his hand down low between her fluff . As he began opening her vaginal lips he gasped as he felt moistness on his hands. He touched and stroked the folds beckoning her to leak more of her juices from her opening. As he took his fingers circling, teasing her budding clit before he plunge unceremoniously a finger in her opening. He felt the way how his finger rushed in and he twirled it around feeling her walls holding him there. He started to retract his finger to rub and tease her throbbing clit before he plunged his finger once more inside her. 

This was their ritual. That's why it was now easier for him to finger her. Than the first time he did it. Usually, he would suck her and slowly ease his finger in. Slowly retracting it again to push it in a bit further with each stroke. When his finger was finally in. He would massage her vaginal walls before taking his finger out to push it back in again. He loved the feel of her around his finger and the tightness of her womanhood. He would push as far back into her wetness as her virginity would allow. Stroking the thin membrane wishing it wasn't there and all the more loving the fact that it was. She would moan or arched her back in response but her eyes would remain lifeless. It was hard to see her frozen in time, but her wetness and bodily reactions was now and present. And they were all his.

To night there was something about her body that was making his loins stir as he raced to make her climax this time. This time when plunging his finger deep into her. Her vagina's walls contract. She didn't orgasm but her pussy was sucking his finger. It was getting harder for him to pull his finger out. She was sucking him in with her pussy, taking his finger all the way in before pulling it back out. The task became to labored and he just drove his finger in over and over again. Not allowing it to be pass up to stroke her throbbing clit. He just shoved and vibrated his finger as much as he can up in her. 

While doing this he quickly unzipped his pants and grabbed at his cock. "Melissandra" he said as he pulled his pulsing shaft from his pants. He placed the tip of his rod on her cheek as he rubbed it a crossed her face. Soon enough there was a milky dew on her cheeks. He positioned her head so that he could press his cum oozing head against her lips. He wiped the wet tip across her lips, making her lips wet and sticky. When he could no longer hold him self back. He finally pushed past her swollen lips and into her mouth. It was getting past her teeth that was the trouble, but it was worth it. To feel her mouth enclosed around him. The heat of her mouth and the wetness of her tongue. As he kept his cock in her vulnerable mouth. Moaning to himself in ecstasy as he tried to get himself as far back in her mouth as he was pushing his finger in her. 

His desire was reaching a feverish pitch as he rammed even harder and faster his middle finger in her opening. She was really wet and tight. He can feel her desire rising. He then too quickened the pace on his shaft in her mouth. Pumping it while he felt the beads on her tongue at the underside of his cock-head. The titillating sensation of her hot mouth and full lips surrounding his manhood was delicious. This heightened his perverse superiority complex as he was nearly raping his little princess. Slowly claiming every inch of her. This gave him a natural high and she was his drug, bringing him beyond insanity. 

And with a flash of white he felt his balls suck up and his cock spasm hard sending waves of delicious waves of ecstasy over his body. He nearly came out of her mouth as his body jerked with the compulsion of his orgasm. He didn't want to pull out of her mouth as he felt his cum splashed at the back of her throat. He held on to her head as his orgasm subsided. That's when he felt her. Her backed arched nearly in a bow. Her nipples taught and erected. His finger buried deep in her. As he felt a grip on his finger. Like a hand pulling him ever deeper.

He was about to start to add another finger. When he heard the beeping sound of someone coming near to his lab. He quickly pulled his finger out her sex and fixed himself.

That's when the General walked in. The father of the Government, Army and Melissandra.

The End (for now)