 Time Travel

The General was a menacing looking man. He always stood out in a crowd. The general was one of those men that never left his job at home and he was who he was. One can always see that he was of military stuff. Something he loved to brag about. A man proud of his family lineage of military men, going as far back at the beginning of the 1900's. 

He walked in and over to Melissandra's body. He looked at his long dead daughter. I thought for a moment I would finally see some emotions coming from this man, but instead he looked up and at me. He began asking me about my progress and what are my next steps for the test subject at hand. How he spoke about Melissandra made me want to punch him. Instead I restrained myself and continued answering his questions with the same detachment he had for her. 

"I want this project to be finished at the end of this month. So we can begin sending the subject into the Time Travel laboratory." said the General with a commanding voice. All I could say was "Yes, sir. Right away, sir."

When the general left I removed the cover from Melissandra's body. She was limp and lifeless as always. She looked like a human doll. Lifeless but realistic. You can tell how realistic she was by the way her moistness drips slowly from her onto the iron surgical table. I realized that this beautiful princess's bed was not that of roses but of metal. As she lay upon it with out any complaints of how hard and cold her bed feels. I flung the cover back over her and continued with my work...

The end of month came to soon. I didn't want to release my princess to the General. He had her far to long for himself. Not allowing her to be free and independent. Instead, he would cage her away from the world, even from me. I would always peer from a distance how he would treat her the best but the cruelest of all. Even though she was privileged and was allowed to have everything she can possibly want. She was denied her heart's desire to be freed and to be loved. The two things that kept her alive was her life support machine and me. Even that he took away from her when he saw how much she was in pain. He couldn't take me away from her but he took her away from me. And now that I have her back, it was hard for me to roll her into the Time Traveling ward. 

Everyone who was everyone was there to see the first humanoid build from a dead body and to travel into the past. I walked over to my work of art and activated her system. I touched her Achilles heel simultaneously. Her eyes fluttered open and she sat up. She looked at the crowd and then at me and said "Professor, why are we here?" The crowd cheered and clapped their hands. 

They came up to me patting me on the shoulder as they congratulated me on my work. Not realizing the night before I had nearly took her virginity.

I was about to activate her system when I realized this might be the last time that I would have her for the last. I wanted to hold her and touch her as if she was mines once more. I held her heels as I pulled her legs apart and looked up into her womanhood. I bent her knees to reveal more of herself to me. She is a beautiful woman. Very rare in this time with black hair and blue eyes I climbed up on to the Iron Mattress as I called it. I lay upon her touching her and feeling how alive her body becomes when ever I would touch her. When ever this happens I ask my self if there is still some part of her memory still active or alive in her brain. If she still remembers... 

I kept fondling her breast and kissing her. I momentarily stopped to bend her knees over my thighs as I pushed my knees under her thighs. I knew she was responding to my touch as I felt her heat and wetness spread over my groin area nearly soaking my pants. I quickly unleashed my swollen member and placed it like so many times I have before on her mound and grind my self against her. Her full lips holding my shaft in their moist crevasse. It is not easy humping up and down on a nonparticipating partner but it was all I can do. I kept rubbing and grinding myself at her opening but it wasn't enough this time. As I knelt between her legs and placed my cock head before her opening. I pushed myself in passed her lips. The tip of my cock sat inside of her and I kept pushing myself in till her barrier stopped me. Yes, the maiden head a thin membrane of flesh that holds as a barrier against my advances. I stretched it as far as I dared and then stopped. There wasn't enough of me in her. But for now this would have to do as I left my shaft in the depths of my beauty. Her muscles tensing and holding it captive as I pumped my shaft. Hands held tightly around my member as I jacked myself off into her pulsating vagina. I kept pushing the barrier daring it to break apart magically for me as I stroke my member to and fro. I can feel her body arch as if to take more of me. But I knew if I pushed anymore her virginity would be lost. I wanted nothing more than to come deep in her but when I felt myself tighten and body locked in orgasm. I closed my eyes and felt how my semen flowed from my body and spilled into hers. I made sure to squeeze out the last drop of my cum into her body.

And as I came out and off of her, I walked over to her side and leaned over and kissed her warm lips. I desperately wanted to own her. So, I planted a chip into her wrist. Soon she will find out the purpose of this mechanism in her wrist. But for now I was contented in knowing that maybe, just maybe, she might be pregnant as I cleaned up after myself. 

Dr. Mickey kept patting me hard on my back as I brought myself back to present. They were preparing her and testing her out. They spoke to her like a scientist would a test subject, very inquisitive. She responded very well to their questions and probing, but I didn't.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Well, I did have something to do with Dr. Zhivago's work." I said staring at the long legged intern. I finally convinced her to take our little chats further than the coffee machine. I scored some winning points by getting an extra security pass for her to be in the Time Travel Ward for the Grand Premier of Dr Z's work. But all was lost when she laid eyes on Dr Zhivago. I can see her looking at him like all the other ladies do, with curiosity and admiration. My last hope of getting her into a restaurant (and possibly my bed) was fading before my eyes. That was until I saw her expression change.

I turned around just then to see Dr Z walking up to the group of scientist with a menacing look on his face. Not to be poetic or anything but his eyes turned black with anger. I ran towards this tall, well-build, and fast reflexive man. I couldn't make it in time not because he was fast but because I was short and a bit on the plump side. The punch came with lighting speed and the nerdy scientist fell back against his colleagues. Dr Z threw a white sheet over Melissandra and led her away from the flailing crowd. He walked passed me, but was stopped short by the General. 

The General could have even stopped death with his look, but it was Dr Z's attention he was trying to get. When Dr Z walked around the giant wall of a man. The General whacked the man who helped revive his daughter across the back. Melissandra stood watching as her Doctor fall. She caught him, holding him in her arms as Dr. Z lost consciences.