 Sweet Eighteen At Last

My eighteenth birthday was one for the record books. All the hot guys from my matrix were there, and of course so where their sisters. There was wine, been, whisky, and all sorts of mind altering chemicals. It didn't take long for the drink to loosen everyone up, that's when the orgy started. Clothing was ripped off, and the guest began rutting like the whores on New Gomorrah (PKX-1180) when the Centauri fleet is in.

Ok, so now the truth, there was a party, and 7 of us had turned 18 today with just food and assorted soft drinks. I have to mention that sex, drugs, and alcohol are forbidden of course, and most Osaka Eugenics contracts state that the product will be delivered in a virginal state. Even though my contract did not include that provision, company rules still applied. In all honesty this rule caused me to lose a lot of sleep. As I mentioned earlier, once administered the anti-agapic, my body would return to it's original state before the treatment was administered. If you have not guessed by now, that means that every time I had sex, would be like the first time. That is right, a self-repairing hymen, an eternal virgin, which would ensure that every time for me would be painful.

My eyes scanned the room looking over the men and boys, wondering if one of them would like to save me from a lifetime of sexual pain. Hoping that one of them would approach me with such an interest but alas, it was not to be. They know that the punishment for sex within the matrix was forbidden. Then the though hit me... I could always take care of things myself. Maybe find a carrot, a candle or something similar in shape to do the deed. Oh who am I kidding, I've touched myself there before and couldn't help it but make loud purring sounds. My pod mates would hear me for sure. Maybe a little embarrassment would be worth it, or maybe the serum I would take in the morning would be fatal and this issue would be resolved.

As the evening went on I had my share of food and company approved drink. It was getting late and people began slipping off to their barracks. There were not many left now, just a few staff and the birthday girls. As the seven of us headed to the door to leave I was stopped by one of the matrix staff managers and was asked to follow him. The other 6 birthday girls were free to leave on their own while I was escorted to a guest room in another building. As I walked into the guest room I couldn't help but notice how luxurious it was. There was a full kitchen, living room, den, and a huge bedroom. Ok, so now I'm thinking that they know that the serum in the morning is going to kill me and I'm about to be offered a last meal and a cigarette.

For about 20 minutes I had the suite all to myself. Of course I just had to explore. I was just admiring the sonic hot tub and contemplating a quick soak when the main door opened. So much for that idea I thought as I quickly moved toward the door. As I exited the bath area I stopped dead in my tracks and froze when I noticed Mister Drax and his entourage standing in the entertainment area. There were several bodyguards on either side of him, along with his traveling secretary and a pretty impressive looking boy who seemed to be about my age. He looked at me as I started at him. I could sense that he was nervous about something and for some reason the short hairs on the back of my neck were standing up. I didn't even notice that my rather large nipples were standing firm inside my Osaka Eugenics standard issue white form fitting jump suit. I've been around boys my own age before but they were usual GENS (genetically modified) like myself. I was beginning to wonder if someone had slipped something into my drinks at the party.

I was startled back to reality when I was called to the table where my benefactor had taken a seat, "come sit" he said and with little hesitation I did as I was told. Sitting on his left, with the boy on my right. "This is William, my grandson. I've told him so much about you and wanted him to meet you". I smiled to both of them in turn, "nice to meet you Sir William" which brought a smile to his face, as he looked me over in detail. For a moment I thought he was actually going to drool as his eyes focused on my breasts. (They are 32C for those of you wondering).

For an hour or so we talked and I was able to ask many of the questions that have been rattling around inside my head for years. From time to time William did his best to touch me as often as he could. His hand brushing against mine, his leg doing the same. At one point he was even bold enough to rest his hand palm down on my thigh and give my thigh a bit of a massage. To that I just smiled and went on with the conversation. After all, I was company property and they could do with me as they wished, who was I to complain.

Mister Drax looked at me, and then look at William then stood and dismissed his staff. "All of you, wait for me in the hallway, I need some time alone with the girl". His security chief complained about leaving him alone, to which Mister Drax dismissed his protest with, "She can protect me as well as you can, so leave me, I'll be fine". Of course as Mister Drax stood I did as well, it was all part of my training and breeding. This gave William one last chance to check out my... um.... assets as the security detail swept the rest of the entourage from the room. Now, let's get to the reason we are hear tonight he said as he sat and took my small hand in his. Here is your first mission for me. 

My grandson William just turned 18, and the boy has been humping his hand, the furniture and even took a shot at a few of the maids. Two of which complained the even after he got them naked, he had no idea what to do. Too much time on the holo decks I suppose. Your mission is to make the boy a man tonight. My heart skipped a beat as I was told what was expected of me. All I could do was smile. But then my smile faded a bit as I was brought back to reality and my training... Sir, I said, what about the virginity directive? How far am I permitted to go I asked? To which my benefactor encouraged, "go as afar as you feel necessary, I'm sure you wouldn't want to feel that first time pain every time would you?" By now I was smiling from ear to ear and thinking, "this is going to be a night this boy will never forget, and the best birthday present I could ever get"... 

GENERAL QUARTERS! GENERAL QUARTERS, ALL HANDS MAN YOUR BATTLE STATIONS... GENERAL QUARTERS! GENERAL QUARTERS! PREPARE TO LAUNCH FIGHTERS, ALL SCOUT CREWS TO YOUR STATIONS! Here we go again... hitting save on my tablet and donning my flight gear. In the hallway I meet up with my command crew and head to the launch bay. "Orion 412 manned and ready for launch" I inform the bridge as myself and the crew buckle in... looking over my shoulder to Colonel Sempolski, "Orders Sir?" Stand by one he says, "Jump point activated, possible hostile inbound, LAUNCH LAUNCH LAUNCH!" My hand keys in the anti grav sequence then pulls back on the throttles, the engines roar to life as our craft streaks out into space to join up with 412th fighter squadron...