 The First Course

Nothing to see here, just keep moving. That's right, we scrambled for a lot of nothing. I am not sure what happened but a jump point opened up and a stream of scrap metal poured out. It looked like it was a parts of ship at one time, though I could not tell it's size, shape, or origin. My guess is that the ship had entered hyperspace after a jump point was opened, then exploded before coming out on our end. Ok, ok, I'm not part of the investigation, I am just a lowly lieutenant but that is how I see it from the fly bys and scans we took of the area. Oh well, this will be solved at a higher pay grade than mine.

My landing back on board the Thaksin was flawless as always. Had a quick shower, and a change into some comfy clothing followed by a running dive onto the bed. Yes, even at 23 years old I can be playful... now let's see, where did I leave off? Oh yes, young Sir William.

Mister Drax left the room with a wink and warning for the both of us, "Have fun you two", then in a teasing manner said, "William, don't leave any marks on the girl, I'll be very upset if you mark up my prized Siamese kitten". So now you know where Kitty Siam came from. Ok, so I changed the word order when I was asked to pick my name. Most girls are not afforded this opportunity. Their names are chosen for them. Some of the names they are given are so unfortunate for a genetically beautiful girl. 

As the door closed and Mister Drax was gone, I turned my attention to my mission for the night. I looked young William up and down, checking him out in detail. He was a good-looking guy, tall, strong, and dressed well. Of course he was dressed well, he belonged to one of the richest families in the known universe. He was dressed a little too well I remarked to myself. As I moved closer my fingers went to the disengage tab on my company issues cat suit and with a soft hiss the fabric parted from my neck down to my genetically hairless little triangle. With a quick shrug the garment slid easily off my shoulders. 

My eyes moved from the bulge growing in my date's pants to watch his facial expression as my suit parted and displayed the twins. I swear he was about to drool. Standing in front of him now I could see that he was about a full 31 cm (12 in) taller than me. Looking up at him I took his hands in mine and moved the to my exposed breasts, helping him cup them and squeeze softly. Once he was enjoying himself with the twins I moved my hands to his shirt, loosening the buttons one at a time then pushing the shirt off his shoulders to the floor. "Wow did he have a nice chest", I thought to my self as I ran my slender fingers over his skin.

My fingers worked their way down his chest, over his tummy to his trousers. It took seconds to release the catch and let them slide down his legs to the floor. It was then that his manhood sprung forward and flopped against my bare tummy. It felt heavy against my skin but I didn't want to go for it right away, instead I leaned in and pressed my lips to his left nipple, for soft lick. I did not know a man's nipples were so sensitive but as I sucked his into my mouth I could feel him tremble and his knees almost give out. Oh yeah, I had to do more of this so as I sucked his nipple, I flicked my tongue over the tip causing him to squirm and moan all the more. The more he squirmed, the harder I sucked, and at the same time, the harder his hands kneaded my breasts. Yes I too was getting as turned on as him but my training and genetics allowed me not to show it. In all honesty I wanted it as bad as he did. 

I could feel him now slowly rocking his hips, sliding his bare manhood over my tummy and if my feelings were correct, it was leaking a little and leaving a trail of clear goo over my tummy. "Ok, time for a taste" I thought to myself as my fingers slide down to his thick man-branch. He was not all that long, maybe 17 cm (7 in) or so but he was very thick and heavy and I could just get my fingers curled fully around his girth. I know now that this should have concerned me but then, I did not care how big it was or how much it was going to hurt; I was going to get this thing inside me no matter what happened.

My hand slowly slid up and down his length as I pulled my lips from his chest, slowly slipping to my knees as I kissed and licked my way down his tummy, stopping for a few seconds to circle his bellybutton with my tongue. Now on my knees I'm staring at his hard tool in my hand. Pointing the tip toward my lips I flick out my tongue and just like a cute little kitten, give the tip a lick, and tasting the clear cream. I could feel his body tremble as my lips parted to take him in. The pointed tip was easy to get in but I felt myself struggling to get my mouth open enough to take him in. After a few tries and a lot of moisture from my lips and tongue I had him sliding in easy. It was still a tight fit but now I could get most of him inside.

My free hand slid up his thigh to press against his hairless nut sack, pressing gently against it with my palm, trying to gauge how heavy it was, trying to guess how much was in there as my mouth moved slowly up and down his now soaked shaft. As my mouth slid down he would push forward a little, trying to get me to take more inside my mouth but with his girth, that was a pretty difficult task. Several times he pushed hard and the head of his staff hit the back of my throat. Gag reflex? What gag reflex? That is another thing I don't have due to the advances of genetic engineering.

I could hear him breathing heavier as my mouth moved faster, and then after a while I felt his hands in my hair, holding my head firmly as he started to thrust on his own. Each time he would push in I would release the pressure of my lips around him and as he would pull back I would suck hard to compress my cheeks in around him for added friction.

A few minutes more of that and his fingers were twisting into my hair, then suddenly with one powerful thrust the first thick jet of sperm blasted out of him and splashed against the back of my throat and coated the inside of my mouth. Unable to swallow at the moment with him moving like a piston in and out of my mouth I closed my lips tightly around him and let him fill my mouth. Then with one last loud groan and thrust he came his last, squirting the last full thick load into my mouth. 

My dark eyes looked up at him as I pulled my lips off his gooey staff. With a soft wink I tilted my head back and opened my mouth to let him see what I had captured. With a smile he looked down at me as I closed my lips and swallowed, all the time keeping my eyes locked to his.