  Chapter 4 - The Main Course

He let go of my hair and went on a several minute rant about how good that felt and that he had never felt anything so good. I wanted to believe him but knowing that I had the skills but not the experience made me think that this was just his inexperience talking. I moved my lips back to his still half hard member, kissing it softly and flicking my little pink tongue over his still quivering organ, cleaning up the little strings of his seed that escaped my lips. He was a sensitive one after his big explosion and I was not helping things much that I was poking his sensitive spots with my tongue and sucking on the tip as I attempted to coax out every last drop.

I was having so much fun teasing and licking him that I did not notice for a while that he was fully hard again. I am so lucky to have such a cooperative stud for my first time. Now that he was hard again it was my turn to play, and I am not talking balls of yarn here. Taking matters in hand (grabbing him by the penis) I took him across the room. I did not have to force the issue; he came willingly, following me across the room to the couch. As we walked the short distance I knew I was ready. I could feel some leakage running down the inside of my thigh. Once at the couch I turned him around and gave him a gentle push. Pushing just enough to let him know I wanted him to sit, and of course he complied.

My hand moves to his chest and pushes him back into the couch as I step forward and straddle his legs... leaning forward I take his manhood in my free hand to guide it to the wet opening between my legs. Thinking about how much everyone says this is going to hurt I slide down slowly, feeling the small head slip in easy, then feeling more resistance as the fat shaft sinks in past my bald lips. Then there is, the slow soft tinge of pain that tells me the moment has arrived, the moment of truth as his head is pressing against my virginity. As I thought to myself, slow or fast, which would hurt more? William reaches out and rests his large hands on my small slender hips and with one quick movement he pushes down and thrusts up into me by surprise. 

My hymen is shredded in one quick second and his thick tool wedges halfway up into me. I look down at him for a second with a surprised look on my face. I expected him to start thrusting hard into me, trying to bury the whole bone deep inside and I breathed a sigh of relief when he moved his hand from my hips to my breasts, gently fondling them... giving me some time to get comfortable. Purring softly as I sit atop his tower, my back arching and pressing my firm breasts against his hands then slowly sliding down the rest of his pipe. My walls stretch and accommodate him easily with out as much pain as expected. 

Using my leg muscles I push upward, lifting myself up until just his head is inside me, and then slowly I slide down again. First slowly, then moving faster, sliding up and down his pole as he starts to thrust up inside me. Hearing the soft squishy sounds coming from under me as his meat thrusts up inside me as I slide down. My breasts giggle now in his hands as I land harder and harder. The sound of my flesh slapping against his as my little butt impacts against his thighs. Then suddenly he stops thrusting... I look down at him and ask, "Are you ok Sir William?" Yes I am he replied, but he is close again and asks about me getting pregnant. Do not worry Sir William I say in reply, my genetic engineering prohibits me from getting pregnant; you may do as you wish.

What came next was totally unexpected from a man so young. His hands snaked under my firm little bottom to take a grip on my cheeks, and then leaning forward he stood up. I had to wrap my legs around him quickly as his movement startled me. His strong arms lifted me then dropped me down on his thick pole over and over again. My arms wrapped tightly around his neck as I helped him impale me over and over again. My breasts now perspiring against his bare chest slipped over his flesh as if on a film of oil. 

It was not long in this position that I felt strange stirrings deep inside me, knowing what it was but never having one, my first orgasm was about to happen. As he bounced me on his shaft he took a few steps to the dining table and sat me down. With one hand he pushed me down on my back then lifted my legs up over his shoulder. Leaning in and bracing himself against the table he started thrusting in hard and deep, using my legs as best as I could on his shoulders I pulled myself up to meet his every thrust and that's when it happened... the convulsions started as my body trembled through orgasm, after orgasm, three total. Young Sir William's pole keep hammering me over and over again until his manhood began to swell and pulse... shooting his seed deep inside me.

I looked up at him then looked down between my legs, his pipe was buried deep inside me, though I could feel it starting to shrink. Playfully I gave his member another squeeze or two, which brought a smile and a laugh. Carefully he stood up and his tool slipped from inside me. I felt a great leakage from inside me creating a spreading puddle on the table under my butt and lower back. I looked up at him and suggested that the maids would be pretty upset at us in the morning. He laughed, looked down at his goo covered member, and then looked back at me... "I see something that needs a little maid service right now", he teased. Giving him a teasing salute and a crisp, "yes Sir" I pushed myself up and slipped off the table... and I mean literally slipped off the table as my butt slid in the puddle of goo we had created.

I slipped to my knees and took him in hand. One hand caressing his much lighter than before ball sack, the other pointing his sticky shaft toward my mouth. I was surprised as I slid him into my mouth that I could taste only him on his organ. I guess this means that I am without taste or scent down there as I worked my lips and tongue over him... cleaning him up really good with my mouth and tongue. Though I thought I was done with him, I could feel him getting hard once again in my mouth and a warm feeling shot through my body. Here we go again...