  Chapter 5 - Flood Insurance

His fingers played over my cheek as I held his hardening member in my mouth. His fingers caressed my ear for a few seconds before they slid into my hair to take a gentle hold on the long black strands. His hips moved forward and back as he slowly moved himself in and out of my mouth for a few minutes. He slipped himself from my mouth and used his grip on my hair to gently coax me to my feet. Standing before him and looking up I waited for what would come next and was not disappointed. In mere seconds he had me pushed forward and bent me over the table. My breasts slipping across the spot on the table that contained our joint mixture. It was a little cool to the touch but felt so good on my man handled little orbs. 

I pushed up enough so that only my nipples were touching the tabletop and the remains of our previous adventure. Looking back over my shoulder I watched as young Sir William pressed the head of his swollen manhood at the entrance of my sex and pushed forward. My lips hissed out a soft, "yessssssss" as he slid inside me again. His hands moved to my hips and took hold then slowly he began pushing in and out. Moving slowly at first then picking up speed. With each thrust my hanging breasts caressed the table top, the cool goo making my breasts slip across the tabletop causing me to moan softly.

Each time he would push forward I would push back toward him, helping him impale me over and over with his manhood. As we matched movements I relaxed my arms and slide down flat out on the table. My breasts mushroomed out as the weight of my torso held the firm orbs against the soft slippery wood of the tabletop. As my position changed so did the angle of his thrusts and in this new position his next thrust hit a spot that had never been hit before. Damn it felt good and I tried hard to make him hit it over and over against as I moved to his now animalistic thrusts.

Over and over his pointed head thrust against that most sensitive internal spot and I could feel my next orgasm coming quickly, but this time it felt different. I tried to concentrate on just how different when it happened... my body began to spasm and to my amazement a clear viscous stream of liquid washed out of me to cover his thrusting manhood, his tummy and balls. I felt as if I were pumping the stuff out by the liter but in reality it was not so much. "Holy shit!" was the response I heard from young Sir William. Even though he was amazed at what had just happened he kept on going, enjoying the feel of the warm gush around his member. My legs began to tremble and grow weak, the most powerful orgasm of all consumed me... then as quick as it started, it stopped and now my legs were having trouble supporting me.

As my fingers dug into the side of the table for support and Sir William held my hips tighter he kept sawing in and out of me until unbelievably I felt my body contorting inside again, knowing that I was about to explode for a second time in this position. A clear stream was still drizzling down the inside of my thighs when the second wave hit, a little less forceful than the first but the flood gates opened and once again I soaked the ever thrusting Sir William. Two, three, four squirts and then I was struggling to keep my legs under me as my feet slipped on the wet tiled dinning room floor. For as inexperienced as this young man was, he kept right up with me. As I went to my hands and knees on the floor, he kept right with me and never missed a thrust, causing me to cum several times in this position. I began to wonder if through all of this that I had drained his seed so that he had nothing left to shoot into me, or if he had become so desensitized that he was unable to feel enough to get off. My question was quickly answered when he let out a loud grunt and began pumping the last of his remaining seed deep into my drenched and still quivering tunnel. His grunts sounded primal down to the last thrust and then he went dead weight on top of me, pressing me against the tiled floor with his now flagging manhood still inside me. He held me tightly as he slipped out of me. We lay in a spooning position for a while. It felt so nice to be in his arms even though we were lying in a puddle.

I took a few minutes to contemplate all that had happened while I was bent over the table. I giggled softly while thinking that there was nothing in my owner's manual about my owner requiring flood insurance to use me from behind. Carefully so as not to wake my lover I slipped out of his slumbering embrace with the grace and stealth of a cat and got to my feet. As I stood on still wobbly legs I looked around the guest quarters taking note of the clothing strewn about, the wet spots on the furniture and rug, and the outright lake on the tiled dining room floor. Then my eyes settled on the clock and a shiver ran through me... the time... 0817... My heart skipped a beat as the realization sunk in that 0900 was my scheduled time for the anti-agapic conversion....