 Kevin followed the agent through the spacious halls of the White House to the President's formal planning room. Seated behind the large desk, the President was listening to the multiple voices pouring from the video link as the other world leaders voiced their concerns. The President waved Kevin over and pointed at a chair, and then waved the agent out of the office.

"Gentlemen, Gentlemen," the President said, trying to restore order. "I have the human leader of the so called 'mates' of these aliens with me. Can we all please slow down and listen to what they have to say?"

All eyes turned to Kevin and he wondered where to begin.

"Gentlemen," he started formally. "As you are no doubt now aware, we are not alone in the universe. These people have..."

"They are not people, they are invading aliens." The Russian President yelled. "They come here, abduct my countrymen and then demand more of our people just to satisfy their needs."

"Respectfully, Mr. President," Kevin said confidently, "they have demanded nothing, nor have they abducted anyone, which is more than I can say for us." He shot a dark look at his own President. "They have come to us seeking help and offering us knowledge and resources that we don't possess in exchange for genetic material and in most cases, monogamist relationships."

"How can you say such things?" The Japanese Prime Minister demanded. "They have come..."

"Mr. Prime Minister," Kevin interrupted. "I was in the room with your country man when this issue was discussed. He agreed to share his DNA with his mate after some initial comments about the difference between our cultures. And I believe his mate agreed with what he told her." Turning to the Russian President he said, "Mr. President, I can assure you that they are indeed people, and much more advanced people than we are."

"I can vouch for that," The U.S. President interrupted, trying to take control of the meeting again. "They could have abducted my wife and I if they chose, instead they came to us with a request for help. Now I know that I can't speak for Congress or the House, but I intend to see to it that these people get the assistance that they need."

"I concur," the British Prime Minister said, nodding. "This is a great opportunity for the entire planet and we would be fools not to help, if only for the technology that they are offering."

"We will not allow the west to control this information, nor will you dictate policy to my people." The Chinese President said hotly. "We will make our own decision in this matter."

"That is your right, Mr. President." Kevin said before his President could respond. "However, think about this, do you want the rest of the world to benefit from this encounter and your people to be left behind?" Kevin could see the look of horror on his President's face, but he continued without pause. "And the more pressing issue is that fact that if you say no, then your people will not be represented in the genetic launch of this new race, because, gentlemen, that is what this is, a new race, for they will be neither human nor alien, but a hybrid of both."

Kevin paused and looked at the thoughtful expressions on the video screens.

"Now if you will excuse me, I have to meet my wife and get back to the ship. We will be in contact with you shortly to get your decisions," and he turned and walked out of the room.

Kevin checked with the agent posted outside the door and he was escorted to the First Lady and Mina in the family quarters of the White House. He found Mina sitting on a sofa with the President's son snuggled up to her and sleeping soundly. The First Lady was sitting opposite them and smiling fondly.

"Kevin, there you are." The First Lady said, "we were just talking about you."

"I'm sure of that." He said smiling as Mina blushed. "Come on, we've got to get going. I expect that the President will be here shortly to discuss this with First Lady and I am sure that you have duties to attend to."

"Of course," the First Lady said, "but I just want you both to know that you are welcome here anytime and I expect you both at dinner tomorrow night, seven o'clock sharp."

"I can't wait Helen." Mina said, not moving as David held her about the waist, pulling her tighter as she tried to extricate herself.

The First Lady stepped over and picked her son up and cuddled him as he fought to get back to Mina.

"Looks like you made a couple of friends." Kevin said as Mina stood and walked over to the wall.

"Yes, he is so sweet." Mina gushed. "I can't wait until ours are here." She touched the spot behind her ears and whispered something. The bookcase in front of her shimmered and the portal to the ship appeared.

"See you tomorrow night." The First Lady called as they stepped through the portal and the door opened behind them and the President stepped into the room.

"Kevin, I need..." The portal closed before the President could complete his sentence.

"He didn't sound too happy." Mina observed as they walked out into the corridor from the tele-portal chamber.

"Yes, I think I may have overstepped my bounds during the video conference. I am just not cut out for diplomacy."

"Well, don't worry; I'm sure that he will be fine by tomorrow night."

"And just how did we get invited to dinner at the White House, again?" He demanded.

"Well, Helen wanted to talk to us before the announcement and felt that dinner would be a good idea. She really didn't have much choice, after David invited me."

"He really took to you, didn't he?"

"He did and such an angel too." She said wistfully. "Do you think ours will be that sweet?"

"With you as their mother, they will be even better." He told her hugging her as they walked into their quarters.

The next morning, ship's time, Kevin sat stretched out in bed watching Mina dress for her daily duties. 

"You are just going to lounge about in bed and watch me do all the work?" She demanded as she braided her hair.

"Why not," Kevin replied with an impish grin. "The station thinks that I have the flu and I am not needed until dinner tonight. I am going to take a well deserved day off."

"Not on my watch mister." Mina said firmly. "You need to meet with the other men to see how their meetings went. I checked and all of them have reported back aboard. I have reserved the same briefing room that you used yesterday for this morning and breakfast will be served in thirty minutes, so get moving lazy bones."

"Mated two days and already the ball and chain have come out." Kevin muttered darkly and then leaped from the bed as she dove at him. "You need to be quicker than that Captain." He laughed and headed into the bathroom.

"Just you wait till tonight," she threatened before heading out.

Kevin was the last to arrive at the meeting and served himself a large breakfast from the buffet against one wall. The rest of the men were working their way through varying levels of breakfast and only small talk was made, although the German and Italian were talking soccer rather heatedly. Kevin finished eating quickly and rapped the table top with a knuckle.

"Gentlemen, if we could shelve the soccer talk before someone gets hurt I would like to get this meeting underway." Both the German and the Italian sat back down looking a little sheepish. "Thank you, now if we could have a brief synopsis of each of your meetings, I think that would give us an idea where we stand with each government. In my case, the United States President is all for offering aid and assistance to these people."

They went around the table, each man confirming that their own government had agreed to allow Mina's people to live and work freely in their countries. The Chinese and the Russian members of the board, as Kevin had started to think of them, expressed concerns about their governments' lying to them, but had no solid proof.

"I understand your concerns," Kevin told them. "I noticed last night during the video conference that your leaders seemed a little reluctant to allow the proliferation of our spouses' people. But how can we make sure that the word gets out?"

"Well," the Englishman said smiling slightly, "if these people can travel faster than light, I am sure that they have something that will allow them to make sure that their people are safe and to ensure that any message sent does in fact get through."

"I'll check with Mina about that." Kevin said, making a note on the electronic pad before him. "But what are we going to do about an announcement?"

"Well, I think that a meeting at U.N. Headquarters would be a good start." The German put in, "perhaps with some form of display of their technology."

"I agree with the meeting," the Chinese member said, "however instead of U.N. Headquarters, I think that Switzerland would be a better location."

"Good thinking, as they have always been neutral territory and they are not represented here, it would show that no one side is trying to take over." Kevin replied. "Perhaps we have each leader announce that there will be a worldwide announcement from there on the state of the planet and then when everyone is tuned in; we use their tele-portal and appear with the announcement that we are not alone in the universe."

"Good thinking, perhaps we can have these people take control of the airwaves and preempt every other show on the air at that time." The Italian member put in.

'All right, lets' get started gentlemen," Kevin said and the meeting dissolved as the men left to see their mates and make the appropriate arrangements.

Kevin found Mina on the bridge of her ship, sitting in a seat at the centre reading an electronic pad as the lift dropped him off.

"Kevin, what brings you to the bridge?" The XO asked politely, effectively blocking his entry and announcing to the bridge at large and Mina in particular that he was there.

"We have had a few ideas and I need to discuss their feasibility with the Captain." He said formally.

"By all means Kevin," Mina said smiling. "Let's step into my day cabin and discuss it. XO, you have the bridge."

"Aye Captain, I have the bridge." The XO stated formally and moved to the captain's chair. Mina never looked back as she led Kevin into her day cabin.

"Now what do you have in mind?" She asked as the door closed and squeaked in surprise as Kevin pinned her against the desk and kissed her deeply.

"Nothing," Kevin said breaking the kiss. "You just looked like you needed to be kissed."

"By you always," Mina panted, clutching his shoulders.

"Actually I wanted to discuss a few ideas we had at our meeting this morning." Kevin proceeded to rehash the discussion held over breakfast and Mina nodded in agreement. 

"We can intercept and override their frequencies anytime we want." She confirmed. "That will make sure that everyone with an electronic device will see the information live."

"And if the machine is not on?" Kevin asked.

"No problem, we can override the system and send a program to activate any machine. Even when they are off, they are still hooked in to systems and are only on standby."

"Good, now we can start planning our meeting with the President and how we are going to handle this announcement. I'll let you get back to work." Mina pouted at him and he smiled evilly. "What, you want to go back on the bridge with that just fucked look on your face and me running down your thigh. Not exactly the proper look for a Captain."

Mina sighed and nodded slowly. "I know, but that kiss got me started and I don't think I can wait till tonight."

"When is your lunch?"

"In another hour, why?"

"There is a reason they call them 'nooners' you know." Kevin pinched her nipples and stepped to the door as she moaned in frustration.

"Keep that up and you won't make it till lunch." She threatened.

Kevin stepped out of her day cabin and made his way back to the lift. He turned and watched Mina step to her chair and he could see her hard nipples standing out in her uniform and gave another evil smile as the door closed.

Mina stormed into their quarters at noon practically spitting nails looking for Kevin. She was horny enough to fuck anything and if Kevin didn't put the fire inside her out soon, she wasn't going to be responsible. She saw a note on the table and picked it up:

'Mina:

Sorry, had to check in with real job. Back around two.

Kevin'

Mina crumpled up the paper and flung it against the wall in anger and frustration. She was so looking forward to a quickie with him at lunch. Her anger faded quickly as she made her way into the bedroom, she was going to lie down for a bit and then get back on duty. As she stepped around the wall she looked up in surprise as a wolf whistle sounded. Laying naked and ready in the bed was Kevin.

"I thought you had a meeting?" She questioned.

"I know you did." He laughed.

"Do you know what happens to people who lie to their mates?" She asked darkly, slipping her uniform off her shoulders and shimming out of it.

"I can't imagine." He replied calmly.

"They get punished." She roared and flung herself onto him, swallowing his rampant penis whole.

"You can punish me like this anytime you want." Kevin grunted, pulling her tail gently and guiding her over his face where he dove into her melting crevasse. Mina mewled around his shaft and worked her tongue and lips harder.

Kevin held her tight to his face for three or four small orgasms as she continued to pleasure him slowly. She wanted him inside her and she wasn't going to waste this perfectly hard cock for anything. Still using her tail for leverage, Kevin slipped out from under her, lined up and drove deep into her soupy channel from behind. Mina howled in delight as he settled deep inside her. Kevin began driving in and out of her at top speed, and she pushed back harder at each thrust. The sound of their flesh meeting echoed around the bedroom along with Mina's screams of delight. Finally Kevin pulled up on her tail sharply and drove her face down into the pillow as Mina screamed again. He could feel her tighten around him for the last time and just as he drove himself completely into her he mashed his thumb down on her winking rosebud.

Mina's screams reached a new level as she felt him shoot deep inside her and his thumb sink deep into her backside. She had never experienced anything like double penetration before and the new thrill took her back up and over the brink again.

Kevin slipped out and let go of her tail and Mina collapsed on the bed, a quivering sweating mess. Smiling slightly Kevin climbed off the bed and slipped the special condom off and put it in the stasis chamber by the bed. Getting back on the bed, he gathered her up in his arms and held her gently as she fought to regain her breath.

"I...I...thought I was...supposed to...to be punishing...you." She finally stammered.

"You did." Kevin said smiling down at her. "You teased me long enough."

"Just hold me darling," she said softly, her hand playing in his chest hairs.

"All day and all night long," Kevin whispered and she drifted off to sleep.

Two hours later, Kevin shifted and Mina woke restlessly. Sitting up in shock she looked at the bedside clock and shrieked in dread.

"Look at the time." She said springing from the bed and gathering her uniform. "I should have been back on the bridge over an hour ago."

"You were in conference with your mate regarding the moral and ethical issues involved in sharing genetic material."

"Is that the fancy new name for wild pagan sex?" She asked smiling as she scrambled to get dressed.

"No, that is what we are actually going to do. I have already informed the XO that we need to talk this afternoon about that."

"You spoke to the XO, when?" Mina asked sharply.

"I commed her while you were asleep." Kevin told her calmly. "I said that you were indisposed at the moment and we would be in conference the rest of the day. Now come back to bed."

"Kevin, I don't know if you should be..."

"We need to talk." Kevin said firmly. "A question came up this morning at the meeting and I need to talk about it with you."

Mina slid back into bed and snuggled up under his arm. "What is it, you sound upset."

"No, just concerned," Kevin replied. "The question came up about the parenting of children that are created among the women of your world. Most of the rest of the guys feel, myself included, that if we are going to father children, then we need to be involved in the upbringing of them. These kids will need fathers and it is not right to donate sperm and walk away, but at the moment with so few of us..."

"Don't worry about that." Mina told him gently. "Most of the females of my species still mate with the males of us. They cannot produce children, but they still love each other and want to raise them if possible."

"But that brings up another issue, if we do donate all this sperm, won't the men of your world resent having to raise someone else's child? I know that would weigh heavily on my mind when I was thinking about getting married."

"The ones that want children have to pass a rigorous screening process to ensure that they will be proper parents. Most have already done so. The thought of our race dying out seems to have outweighed the thoughts of raising someone else's child. Also, children are so rare among my people that they are considered the greatest gift in the universe. Anyone abusing or disregarding a child would probably be killed on the spot."

"You are sure?" Kevin questioned.

"Very," Mina said with firm nod.

"What about you, you never married."

"Neither did you." Mina reminded him. "Not everyone follows the same path, much the same as on earth. Does everyone on Earth marry and have two point five kids and a dog?"

"No, I see your point."

"Most of my crew are married, but the ones on the scouting missions, like me, are not mated, just in case they did fall in love like we did."

"Good, I don't want to have to share you with anyone but the kids." Kevin said sliding his fingers down her flank and watching her shiver.

"Don't start that now." Mina said twisting away. "We have to get cleaned up and dress for dinner with the President."

"Just five more minutes Mommy." Kevin said closing his eyes pulling her tighter.

"Nothing doing," she said wiggling out of his grasp. "Now get out of this bed this instant."

"No," came the muffled reply as Kevin burrowed himself deeper into the blankets.

"Fine," Mina said and she turned to the bathroom, "because I was going to take a shower and now I will just have to get all wet and naked alone."

Kevin unwrapped himself from the blankets and was behind her before she got to the shower door.

"You fight dirty." He said, hugging her from behind.

"It works." She giggled as he started nibbling on her neck.