  Chapter 6 – Converted

08:20

The door opened and in walks Fatima Salahi flanked by two massive security guards. The guards dressed in standard black business suits take up positions on either side of the door. I was a little disappointed given the arrival of the entourage that Mr. Drax was not the next to step through the door. I could hear a soft snicker escape her lips as she moved over to where Sir William was sleeping. Turning to me with a wink she asked, "Wore him out did you?" I could only wink back and smile a guilty smile. Fatima paused for a second, looking my naked form over then smiling before setting upon her task of getting Sir William into the bathroom to get cleaned up and dressed. Of course she didn't bathe him or anything but she did give him a playful swat on the bum to get him moving.

Fatima Selah was the Chief of Staff for Mr. Drax. Fatima is around 40 years old, of Persian heritage with a well cared for figure, full firm breasts, and long black hair with just a hint of a curl. She's very close to my height, though a little taller perhaps, with just wider build. She is very sure of her self and when she issued instructions to the staff, they reacted quickly and without question. There is no mistake about it, she is a powerful woman and even Sir William complies with her instructions.

Sir William got up, looked at me and smiled, Fatima handed him a suit bag with a fresh change of clothing and pointed him to the guest bathroom. He disappeared into the bathroom and I could hear the shower water being turned on. I so wanted to take a shower; well to be honest I wanted to take a shower with him. I have only heard of how wonderful real water showers are. We are only permitted sonic showers as water here is scarce and so expensive to replace or recycle.

08:30

Fatima's comm. activates and she moves off into a far corner of the room to take the call. The conversation turns hot and heated with voices raised at times. Curiously I walk about the suite, looking at the little nick knacks, checking out the security guards, the wet spots on the table and floor that are starting to dry to a translucent state. Surprised at how comfortable I am being in a room with strangers and being the only one naked.

Shockingly Fatima turns to me and says, "you too, in the shower, you don't have much time to waste". So who am I to argue? I slipped into the shower to the surprise of young Sir William. I couldn't help giving him a hand with the soap, and just when I was thinking about dropping the soap, from outside the shower I heard Fatima calling to me, "two minutes young lady"...

08:40

The door chime activates as I finish drying myself off and slip into my uniform. My finger pressing the engage tab on my company issued cat suit and with a soft hiss the fabric wraps its self around my body and coalesces once more into the form-fitting garment I was wearing the previous night. I chuckle slightly to myself and smirk as I remember an old Earth term, "The Walk Of Shame". I set about working on my hair, trying to make something of the mess that it had become. I hear my name being called from the other side of the door... It was time for the anti-agapic conversion...

08:47

My clothing and all worldly possessions are removed from my body by the medical staff and myself and packed into a small box with my identification number on it. I am led naked to what can only be described as an operating room. The room is equipped with a glass ceiling... as I look up; the viewing area above the ceiling is full of faces both young and old. A shiver runs through me as I sit upon the table, the medical staff eases me onto my back... my arms and legs are secured to an "X" shaped frame built into the table where my wrists and ankles are secured with Velcro straps. I am to be awake during the conversion process as any anesthetic or pain medication could taint the serum that I am to receive.

Several large bore needles are inserted in the veins in my legs, and in my arms, which are connected to a filtering machine. After the needles are inserted the machine is switched on causing the tips of the needles to expand and force all movement of blood through the machine. At first clear saline is passed into my body, which at room temperature feels rather cool and helps calm me down a little as I look up and see the faces looking down at me. Seeing one lab-coated technician leering down at me staring at my naked form and rapidly hardening nipples. I wink up to him and smile as my tongue licks my lips slowly. I am thinking to myself that he must have a log in his pants nowwwww. 

Shit that hurts! My flirtations with the geek in the glass above end as the serum begins to enter my veins and course through my system. The entrance site start off as a slow burning as the serum is mixed with saline, then as the saline runs out, the full dosage of the serum begins. My arms and legs feel as if they are on fire and that the fire is slowly travels inward to the core of my body. Tears begin to trickle out of my now tightly closed eyes, then that trickle becomes a steady stream, my breathing and heart rate increase to dangerous levels as I hear the beeps and pings of the machines monitoring my vitals intensify. 

The burning sensation quickly spreads to every cell of my body as my mind tries to process sensations of the liquid fire coursing through my veins and arteries to transform and lock in my new genetic makeup. My mouth opened as screams poured out and echoed around the room. A few times during the process my eyes fluttered open and I could see the horrified looks of the doctors, nurses, and scientists looking down at me from the observation room above. My muscles began to contract and spasm, my arms and legs moving against my bonds in a series of never ending convulsions causing me to buck and undulate wildly on the table like a wounded animal in it's death throws. 

At this point in the process I was ready for death, I wanted death and if there was a god in the heavens I would be praying for death, as the realization sunk in that this was going to be a three-day process at minimum. I don't know how long my body was wracked with spasms and unendurable pain, and if I was praying to a god, my prayers where somewhat answered as I surrendered to unconsciousness.

Through my mind's eye I flew through a bright cosmic shower of multi-colored particles followed by a cascading journey through a constricted twisting tunnel before coming to a stop in a room similar to the one my body was in. I could see before me three tables and on each table as a humanoid figure strapped down tightly and connected to each other and to multiple machines. Above the first alien hung multiple containers of what looked like red human blood. As the scene played out the computer read outs over the first alien went to zero, his chest no longer moved and his jaw dropped as he let out a soft gasp with his final breath... the second alien tensed up as the line between her and the first alien opened and a reddish yellow liquid began to flow. Shortly after the flow began to the second alien, I heard a soft, female voice narrating the scene as it played out before my mind's eye.

The death that you just witnessed was that of my father Jandal. The next death you will witness will be that of my mother Sharami and I am Meda. We are Kamaloids. Our bodies are being used to process the fluids that will convert your body. Our kind have been hunted and used in this manner for thousands of your years and we are nearly extinct. We do not speak through words but through thoughts and we are thought to be non-sentient creatures but we are not as we speak through thought and today, I speak to you through a marker that my body is placing in your DNA. For every humanoid that achieves near immortality, three of us must perish.

My mother and father and her generation fought against those that would take us this was as best as they could but failed. I am leaving this marker and message for you in the hope that this process is successful for you and that you live a long and healthy life because as you live, we live within you. As you are hearing me now, my mother has passed beyond and I shall go to join her soon. My hope is that you always remember what you have seen here and remember us and perhaps fight to make sure that this does not happen to the few of us left. 

Your scientists are not aware that we can control the final output of this process, as other races have found out when the serum they were administered proved fatal. Your race is new to all this and are not aware we are able to do this. Mother and father enabled a fatal component of the serum that you are receiving... I have removed that and added some of myself to what you are receiving. You see, we are shape shifters of sorts and are able in small ways alter our appearance. I am encoding this from my body to yours in the hope that you will use this gift to put an end to your people hunting ours for this purpose. I have no way to know how your DNA will cha....

She was unable to complete her last thought as I watched her pass. The connection between her mind and mine was broken and all I was able to see was total darkness, and then a few minutes after the darkness returned my thoughts stopped and there was just... nothingness.