 I know you are all waiting for Kitty to get naked and do what Kitty was designed to do best. It is coming soon after I set things up a little bit. I want to do more story in this one now so be patient, there may be some BEMs near by but I do not want to do spoilers ;)

 Chapter 8 - The Exploration Begins

The sun rose and set seven times since my eyes opened, so let's call it a week. None of the time keeping devices on the ship are in working order so I'm not sure if how many hours are in a day, how many days in a week, etc. I'm not sure which planet this is because I do not know of any planet that has three moons and one sun. After a quick assessment of the ship, it was obvious that she had been in one hell of a firefight and did not fare well. The damage observed on the hull alone is enough to say that she will never see space again.

During the week that I have been here I took on the sorrow filled task of caring for the dead. I moved the bodies outside the ship and arranged them in four mounds. My strength had returned slowly through out the week but still, digging graves in the old Earth tradition with only a small folding shovel was beyond me so I chose cremation instead. I knew that I was not alone on the planet and I was afraid that the bon fires might alert whoever attacked the passengers that they should come back and finish the job they started. While I was caring for the deceased, I rounded up whatever tools, food, and survival gear I could find. Unfortunately there were no weapons aboard as this was not a military vessel. I did however find a Katana, Bowie knife, and a carbon fiber bow with three dozen arrows, which made me thankful for the survival and weapons training that Mr. Drax, insisted that I take.

I think at some point I was supposed to be on this transport as a passenger, not as cargo in a stasis pod because as I was going through the cargo bay I found a container with my name on it. It contained my hiking backpack, my uniform collars, personal clothing and a few other minor items that I had collected. It was not much as we were not allowed many personal possessions and I must admit that I had collected more than I should have but never got caught with my stash.

Each morning started out with a quick breakfast of emergency rations or some fresh fruit that I had found in the forest surrounding the crash site. Realizing that I am going to be here for a long while if not for the rest of my natural life, which at this point I assume will be a long time being that I had survived the anti-agapic conversion. Though I am alive and functioning well, I am not really anxious to test the near immortality component of the conversion process.

My scouting started out with safe circular patterns. Starting in close around the ship and extending outward around the crash site. I didn't find much to write home about, just the usual flora and fauna that you would find in a forest. The scanner that I found came in useful in telling me which plants I could eat and which might turn me into a zombie or worse. The scanner with it's limited range could also warn of approaching humanoid or animal life forms.

On one of my morning scouting trips I came across a large cave about 50 or so meters up a cliff face. It wasn't impossible to get to but anyone not in excellent shape and without experience in rock or wall climbing would probably end up in a crimson pile of goo at the bottom of the cliff. This seemed like a safe place for me to relocate too. It was high above the forest floor and tree line but it also had about a kilometer of open field that any attacker or forager would be seen long before reaching the base of the cliff. It looked like a safe enough place for me to call home until I can sort things out.

My daily routine changed from one of scouting to one of moving. In the engineering bay I was able to find the tools I needed to repair and rebuild a few small solar collectors that I could use to supply power to a force field to protect the entrance of the cave... just in case something decided to pay me a visit in the night while I slept. I also rigged up a solar powered winch to help get the equipment and me up into the cave and then to lower me back down again, saving me many a long climbs. I constructed several copies of the remote control for the winch and force field controls and hid them in various holes in the cliff face and in tall knot holes in a few of the near by trees just in case something went wrong while I was out and about.

Now that I was moved in to the cave it was time to explore my new home. I had looked around briefly and found several tunnels that seemed to stretch into the mountain deeper than I had time to explore. The tunnels turned out to be a series of ancient lava tubes with smooth walls and floor and very few obstructions. Every now and then I came across a few crystals embedded into the walls that provided an florescent glow sort of like the break and shake tubes in the emergency kit. My night vision had always been better than my peers and I had attributed that to the feline DNA that had been used in my construction, but I had never been able to see 100% of everything in the dark. As I would move out of the range of the glow crystals I would feel a slight tingle in my eyes causing my vision to change from color to shades of black and yellow, and it was oh so crystal clear.

My exploration of the tunnels so far had been uneventful. I had passed quiet a few piles of bones, some human, some non-human. A few of the human bones looked as if they had been shackled in to the cave wall. So I'm not alone here I thought as I moved on deeper into the tunnel. The tunnel I was following this particular day began to dip sharply as I followed it. After an hour or so of walking the down slopping tunnel, my chosen path opened up into a greenish glowing naturally formed grotto, and at the center of the grotto was a small glowing pond. The light from the room came up from the depths of the pond. My first thoughts was this was either sunlight being transferred in from outside through the water, or perhaps the glowing crystals were involved in lighting the pool. It turned out that it was a little of both.

Other than a small stream that ran past the ship's crash site, this was the most water I had seen since I have been here. The water looked so cool and inviting and it was time for a little dip. Now most cats hate the water but this cat can swim and swim well having competed for my for my matrix back at good old Osaka Eugenics Academy. Getting out of my hiking clothing was effortless and quick. Just a few taps on the silver collar around my neck and my clothing immediately changed in to billions of tiny multi colored BBs then rolled upwards toward the collar in a blink of an eye, which left me standing in the grotto totally naked. I moved to the edge of the pond and looked down, trying to judge it's depth but I was unable to see the bottom I took a deep breath and stepped in and sunk quickly.

The water was clear and I could see a pretty good distance. There were a few fish swimming by but nothing that looked harmful. Thinking about the fish, I suppose I should have at least brought my knife with me. The water was cool around my body and my small brown nipples elongated as the water caressed them as I swam under the water toward the light. Being in great physical condition I was able to move quickly through the water, and due to my conditioning I am able to hold my breath for a good 4 minutes. I guess I should have been counting as I swam but the beauty of the water and scenery along the bottom took most of my attention. From time to time I looked up and could only see darkness for most of the journey, which was a good indication that there was a hard cave roof still above me. As my lungs started to burn reminding me that I have probably gone past the 3 minute mark in my swim I could see the water above me brighten, it was time to go up and take a look.

Another 30 to 45 seconds of swimming upward and my head broke the surface of the water. Clearing the water from my eyes, then tossing my long black hair back off my shoulders and out of my face, I took a look around. I was fairly close to the shore of a relatively large lake that I had never seen before. Seeing that I was alone I felt confident to explore the shoreline on foot, and being that it was a bright warm day I did not bother with my wardrobe collar, I just strolled about naked...