  Chapter 10 – Mother Of Mangos

I had a dream... Pears, oranges, bananas, apples, melons, papayas, cumquats, and other fruits varied were chasing me but somehow it was the bananas that were tormenting me the most. The bananas had caught me and were just about to... and then I woke up. The vines that bound my wrists behind my back were gone as were those holding my legs. My body was covered with the remains of the thick gooey orange syrup that had been pumped into me by the horny flowers. I pushed myself up to my knees then staggered to my feet with a loud grunt. My body protested as it felt as if I were carrying around an extra 20 pounds or so, and as I looked down at my bulging tummy, 20 pounds seemed about right for someone that looked about 4 or 5 months PREGNANT! My mind made a mental note to confront the good folks at Osaka Eugenics about that "NO PREGNANCY" clause in my design contract with the Drax Corporation.

The sun was just coming up on the horizon as I waddled my way down to the water to wash off the drying crust of orange goo that covered my body. I walked into the water and let my hands run over my skin, clearing off the debris and massaging my aching muscles. A school of small fish circled around me and began making a snack of the goo flakes as the fell from me and landed in the water. Some of the braver little minnow like fish were so bold as to nip softly at my skin to remove the sweet deposits. I ran my hands through my long black hair as I slipped my head below the water. Holding my breath for as long as I could I cleared the sticky debris from my hair. 

As I stood up my hands moved to my swollen belly and rubbed softly, I could feel movement there. Keeping one hand on my tummy I moved the other down between my legs. As I explored my outer folds my fingers brushed against a soft dome that blocked the tunnel to the inside. It was wedged tightly inside I found out as I tried to pry it out. It just would not budge a bit no matter how I pulled, pushed, or pried with my fingers. My thoughts turned to the tool kit that I had back at the cliff cave that I had salvaged from the crashed shuttle. Tool kit, perhaps medical kit would be more practical I thought afterwards. 

My first thoughts were to make a swim for the underwater cave and return home, but I just had to have one last look at those plants before I went on my way. This time when I moved toward the plants they did not move other than a gentle swaying from the soft ocean breeze. I stood before them for I do not know how long until a thought crept into my brain... I was not pregnant, just a container for the plant's seeds. Sort of a walking seedpod. This gave me an idea... I needed fruit like this closer to my lair. With that thought in mind I quickly set off for home. Walking out into the water until the soft waves massaged my breasts, I took a deep breath and slipped under the water. It was a bit more difficult going home under water as my body was not as light and aerodynamic as before, but I made it to the underground cave safely, though a bit out of breath.

It was a little chilly in the cave so a few quick taps on my wardrobe collar and in seconds I was dressed in a long fluffy towel like frock with a thick hoodie that I quickly pulled up to cover my wet hair. The garment was intended for poolside use, but it suited this purpose as well. Securing my frock in place I set about waddling about the tunnels until I came to what I called the "back door" which was nothing more than a voice activated force field to keep anyone or anything from sneaking into my humble abode from the pool or the other many unexplored lava tubes in the mountain. Upon recognizing my voice as I called out, "TONSA 3 DEACTIVATE", the force field shimmered off so I could enter. The word, "ACTIVATE" was enough to raise the shield as I walked off toward my cliff side home. I had to smirk when I thought of myself as a cavewoman. How my friends back at the Matrix would get a chuckle out of the thought that the best pilot in our class would end up as a cave woman on some unknown planet.

I puttered about my cave for a few hours, made a few notes in my journal then went outside to look over my forested lands and my many furry minions. Yes, the Queen of all I could see, and the Mother of Mangos... speaking of which, the mangos, or should I say seeds inside me were becoming active... detaching themselves and moving about inside the sea of orange good that was pumped inside me. Since my womb was full, those that could not get in were bumping against that sensitive little "G" button inside me. Each bump caused a tremor to cascade through my body. I knew I had to make a break for what I liked to call the "roof" of my cave. In actuality it was the plateau that topped the small mountainside that my cave was located in. Luckily I had found an easy to navigate path that led to the roof. It did not require the skills of a mountain goat to get there and I was able to waddle up there in my mango-laden condition.

The tremors caused by my little seeds were becoming more frequent, and the green fibrous dome sealing off my lower lady parts was beginning to fracture and slip downward and it got closer to slip out of me. During the last few steps of my mad dash to the closest green grass area, I tapped the wardrobe collar and removed my comfy robe so as not to get orange goo or anything else on it. A few more steps and a giant wave washed over me, radiating outward as multiple floating seeds brushed against my G spot. I collapsed to my knees and supported myself with one hand as my body trembled through a powerful orgasm, which caused the plant nodule lodged inside me to be expelled forcefully unblocking the birth canal exit. Another powerful wave was building inside me as more and more of the seeds broke free and started their dance over my internal orgasm switch. My free hand moved down between my legs, massaging my lower lips and firm little love button, wanting desperately to bring forth the wave of pleasure that threatened to overtake me any second... and then it happened... my body twitched wildly as a mighty gush poured forth from between my legs expelling the orange goo and several of the seeds.

My fingers kept moving as each wave produced several more seeds from deep inside me. I opened my eyes to watch the spray and seeds exit me. The seeds had become larger than their original golf ball size by about a quarter. As they hit the ground they seemed to roll under their own power as if under the control of some internal guidance system. Once a few meters from me several tendrils pushed through the outside of the seed's crust and began twisting into the ground in a similar fashion as a drill would. Once the hole was deep and wide enough, the tendrils would pull the seed body inside, then pull in the dirt outside the hole to cover the seed. This went on perhaps five or six times until all the seeds had been orgasmicly ejected from my body. When the last group of seeds was gone and the final orgasmic wave dissipated, I collapsed breathless on the soft damp grass. My body convulsed softly as my mind drifted off into unconsciousness with my hand still tucked between my legs softly massaging my lips and firm little button.