  Chapter 11 – Ruminations.

Birthing so many seed batches and the events of the past few days weighed heavy on my slender body, it was no wonder that after the continuous multiple orgasms during the birthing process left me in a deep sleep for the rest of the day and throughout the night. I awoke the next morning, just shortly before the sun hit its mid point in the sky. The air was warm as it always was here on this yet unnamed planet. As I looked around I took inventory of my surroundings and myself. I noticed that the seedlings for having just been planted yesterday had sprouts about 1/4 the size of the tip of my little finger. My tiny children were doing well, of course this though made me giggle softly. A quick touch of my hand to my tummy told me that just as advertised, the anti-agapic was bringing my body back to its default shape and condition. Slipping two fingers between my lower lips I felt the original tightness was returning as evidenced by the resistance I was feeling as they slid in. My lower body was a mess, from the orange goo and my internal fluids that were expelled during the birthing. 

Time for a bath I thought as I pushed myself up to my feet. My muscles protested slightly but complied, as I stood erect to stretch. Before heading down the path to my cave I took a short walk around my little corner of the plateau. Every thing seemed normal today as it did every day. In the back of my mind was always the sight of the murdered crewmembers from the shuttle and those that had done the murdering where out there somewhere amongst the trees. Had they moved on or are they still near by? I wanted answers, but not the sort of answers that would show up at my cave door to try to leave me naked with my throat like the other women on the shuttle. Oh the thoughts that rambled through my brain as I made my way back down the path to my front door.

As my feet moved carefully along the path down to the pool the shuttle and its murdered crew were fixed in my mind. Some of them I knew, but most I did not. As I immersed myself into the cool water of the cave pool and began to clean myself I considered how to go about exploring more of the area surrounding my new cave home, but today would not be the day for that, as I needed some rest badly. My body still needed time to heal and recover from the drastic changes forced upon it by the plants and my little green leafy children. 

The rest of the day was uneventful because I had slept through most if it. The force fields at both entrances to my living area held. Not that anyone tried to get in, though I think a few rodents and mosquitoes gave it a good try and died in the attempt as I could see their buggy bodies laying about under the entrance to the cave. Oh, and for the record, the rodents here are about the size of your average house cat and are quite tasty. These two rodents would not be a meal for me, my appetite had not yet returned and I had no refrigeration, so I chucked them over the side of the cliff, then swept the bugs over the edge of the path with a broom made of jungle palm fronds. 

After finishing my chores, I made use of my wardrobe collar to dress myself in what could be best described as a safari outfit consisting of brown over the ankle hiking boots, beige nylon-like rip stop cargo pants, with a matching long sleeved shirt. This outfit includes an eight-inch Bowie knife strapped to my left upper thigh. After all, with rodents the size of house cats, it's good to have a blade with you on any hike just in case you meet one in the dark. 

After adjusting the harmonics of my collar to provide a sonic barrier against the flying blood sucking insects, I made my evening trek up the path to the top of the plateau to watch the sun set. The event was about an hour or so away so I thought that tonight I would explore the top of the plateau. There were no trees up here, just some small shrubs, some short, medium, and knee high grasses, flowers, and of course my budding children (giggle). 

As I reached the top of the path I took a right hand turn and followed around the edge of the plateau, and of course being very careful where I placed each footstep as it was about a thousand foot drop to the bottom of the cliff should I make a misstep. Along the route I came across a man made staff, sort of like the quarter staffs you would see in an old Robin Hood movie. It was about a meter and a half in length, and appeared to have been sanded and varnished or polished in some way, as the texture was smooth as silk to the touch once the caked on dirt had been rubbed away. Perhaps this is the level of technology for this planet? Oak staffs, and bronze swords and knives? Ok, so I had no confirmation on that just yet, but it was my hope that the other inhabitants of this planet did not have superior technology than me. Oh what I wouldn't give to have a phase disruptor, or at least a shotgun instead of a knife, a katana, and a bow and quiver of arrows.

As I continued my journey I used the staff as a walking stick to prod the ground in front of me. It was starting to get dark now and the first of the three moons began to rise. Using the staff gave me a feeling of safety as I walked close to the edge of the cliff. I continued walking this way for perhaps another 45 minutes, maybe longer until I came to the edge of the plateau opposite my cave. I sat down on the edge of the cliff and let my feet dangle over the ledge. The sun was behind me and was almost completely set as I looked out watching the moonrise. The first moon was full, the second almost full, and the third was just starting to break into view. As the sun finally set the moons were on display in their full splendor. An hour or two had passed since sunset when I noticed a column of smoke rising up rising up in front of the second moon. Looking closer I saw a second and third column rise up out of the darkness below the moons a fair distance from each other. My eyes followed the smoke downward and in the distance I could see what looked to be several campfires five or six miles away.

I squinted my eyes against the darkness, trying to make out more detail about the fires and perhaps steal a glimpse of who or what was gathered around the fires. As I squinted the familiar tingle coursed through my eyes and my night vision kicked in. I was able to see some movement now but was still too far away to make out details, but I could a lot of movement in front of the fire, perhaps ten beings, but probably more. I was tempted to make my way there in the darkness but the trek back to my cave, and then to the area of the fires would be too much to accomplish in the darkness and my sill weakened condition from giving birth to the little seedlings. After an hour or so of watching the moons and meditating on the days events including the mango seed birthing and the campfire watching, I got to my feet and made the trek back to the safety of my cave. Sleeping that night was not easy as my thoughts were constantly on the journey that I would make in the morning.