 I awoke from my nap to a great deal of drama going out outside the tent. I could hear horses arriving, and people talking in raised voices, though I still did not know what they were staying as the UT was stuck on 3%. I got quickly to my feet to see what was going on, but before going to look I thought I had better put some clothing on. My fingers moved to the wardrobe collar and paused there on the golden finish for several seconds while I put the final touches on what I should wear in my mind's eye. 

A few quick taps on the collar and those little wonderful wardrobe nano balls were rolling quickly across my skin leaving me standing in a thin tanned hide skirt from my waste to the middle of my thigh, topped off with a matching halter top, and matching skin tight moccasins rising up my lower leg to just below the knee. Given the ever loudening commotion outside, I thought it best to put on something that I could run or fight in depending on... well, you know how things can spin out of control. 

Quickly I fixed my hair into a long thick fishbone braid, then wound it up tightly into a bun on the back of my head and pinned it there with two 4 inch black steel spikes. Into the inside hem of each moccasin I slipped small star shaped blades in the form of a multi pointed star. The sharp black metal weapons are perfect for throwing or slicing at a sensitive area in close in combat. I was still not sure at what was happening outside, I would have preferred a sword but that was out of the question given that I just met these folks.

Outside I recognized the soft voice of Shilka, which seemed stressed as she was conversing quite loudly with several men. I reached out and brushed back the tent flap and poked my head outside. My actions were quickly met with two wooden poles with wide sharp spear heads crossed in front of my face. I did not need the UT to tell me that the grunts from the two guards meant that I would be staying inside for a while. With that my hand let go of the tent flap and it closed part way, which allowed me to peek through a small slit.

Through the slit I could see Shilka involved in a heated discussion with a uniformed man, and from the gold braid on his uniform, I got the impression that he must be an officer. Two riders dismounted their horses and performed what could be taken as a salute by thumping their clenched fists across their chests. The gesture was returned by the officer and they began to converse. As the four of them talked their facial epressions looked dire, then suddenly the officer turned toward the guards at the entrance to the tent and barked out several orders. The guards saluted and trotted away.

Shilka entered the tent shortly after the guard scampered away. She looked me up and down taking in the little sexy savage outfit I was wearing. I think she tried to explain what was happening as she walked me from the tent. I slung my backpack over my right shoulder as we walked to the center of the beach. Everyone was moving about briskly as they packed up their belongings and began walking briskly to a trail that lead away from the beach. It took us about 20 minutes to walk from the beach to a rather large camp that was in the process of being torn down and packed up in a great hurry. I wanted to ask Shilka what was going on but I still did not have the words in her language to ask... the UT was up to a disappointing 4%.

I noticed that Shilka was a person of some importance around here, and even though she wore a collar of possession, she was not working like the other owned girls were to strike the camp and pack up. As the campers scurried about packing, now and then I would get looked up and down, as people would pass by. Most of the women were clad in white linen dresses that usually came to between the knees and ankles. It seemed that the younger the woman, the shorter the dress, though none were as short as my little savage girl skirt which by the way most of the men had noticed.

One group of women passed by carrying several baskets and as one of the young girls passed she looked at me and smiled. I smiled back and winked, and shortly after winking she stumbled and dropped one of her baskets. I struggled hard to suppress a giggle. I turned to her and starting moving toward her to help, that is when Shilka caught me by the arm and spun me around to face her. As we made eye contact she pointed to my golden colored collar and then to hers, my eyes followed her hand and then I looked her in the eye. She pointed to the girl then to my collar then shook her head in the universal, "no" gesture. Again, communication had occurred and I was slowly learning the rules around here in regard to the golden collar. I just wish I knew what it all meant. However, the UT had just picked up the word for "no" and jumped to 6%.

The camp was packed hurriedly into horse drawn wagons and we were formed up on a dirt road heading. Shilka and I were near the front of the wagon train and unlike some of the other girls in the camp, we got to ride in the wagons, the others had to walk which made me a little uncomfortable being that I was created to serve and to care for others. If they only knew what this collar really was and did I would probably be burned at the stake as a witch or something.

As the column of humans, horses and wagons made its way through the countryside I took time to work with Shilka on understanding her language. She picked up on it quickly and seemed all too happy to assist. As we passed different landmarks and objects I would point them out and say the English word and she would respond with the corresponding word in her language. Shilka surprised me several hours into our journey when she would point to an object and use the proper English name followed by the name of the object in her language. I smiled to her when I realized that she was learning my language as she was teaching me hers. This could come in handy someday in the future I thought to myself. A quick check of the UT progress showed 16% and climbing.

Along the road we were traveling I came to the conclusion that this was mostly an agrarian civilization as the rolling hills were covered in crops of various types. Some of which looked similar to corn, wheat, potatoes, lettuce and beets, and some that looked like nothing I had seen before. We passed pastures with livestock and most of it looked Earth like also. I could make out horses obviously, cows, sheep, goats, and even a few barking dogs. So as far as I could tell, this could be the Middle Ages back on Earth. The most advanced tools that I had seen had been simple devices made of iron and wood. One thing that concerned me as we trekked north were the hastily erected fortifications were being constructed with in a spear's throw of the main road. Every so often I could see an observation tower under construction and the towers were surrounded by a depression in front of an earthen or wooden stockade. I suspected that they were preparing for the arrival of a hostile army, but that was just a guess.

I got a feeling in that something bad was coming this way from the South, and from the reaction of my traveling companions; they were worried about whatever it was also. It was shortly after this realization that I tapped my fingers on the wardrobe collar and interfaced it with my PDD. I ran through the inventory of clothing and weapons that I had loaded into the collar before leaving the safety of my cliff side cave. Unfortunately the device would not hold firearms or focused beam weapons, but I did have a pretty nasty assortment of throwing, stabbing, cutting weapons, and of course my trusty bow and a large supply of arrows. Unfortunately that would not be enough to confront an army but might just be enough to assist me if I had to suddenly dash to safety.

As the sun passed the mid point in the sky and transitioned to afternoon, loaves of bread and water were passed around throughout the wagon train when we came to a large grove of trees. We were able to dismount the wagons, and stretch our legs. I can tell you that this was most welcomed. This was the first time in my considerably short life that I had to ride on a wooden plank on a slow moving wagon. This was a reminder that the good folks at Osaka Eugenics did not give me much padding in that area when they created me. I wondered if Shilka was having the same discomfort, even though she had a perfect hourglass shape, she a bit more padding in the rear than I did.

The military was in charge of this wagon train, but what was puzzling is that most of the people in the convoy were civilians, and the majority of the women wore a collar. A few were copper, bronze, polished metal, and a few were made of simple leather. The though struck me that this was the evacuation of loved ones, or perhaps just an attempt to protect prized possessions. I was leaning toward the latter as the more expensive looking the collar, the more shapely and beautiful the woman was that wore it. I guess I should be thankful that Mister Drax chose to purchase the deluxe wardrobe collar for me.

As we walked around the wooded area, being careful not to stray too far away from the wagons, Shilka introduced me to some of our fellow travelers. Some were glad to make my acquaintance, others played along just because it was Shilka making the introduction. I am not sure if it was a jealousy thing, or if it was because of my black hair, slanted eyes, honey colored skin, or exotic looks. The introduction to the males was a whole different story. They would smile and do their best to make contact with my bare skin. I tried not to giggle when it was so obvious that they were checking me out and while they were, somehow I think Shilka was taking pride in being with me and the fuss that the men were making. I had this thought that maybe she was trying to play matchmaker for me, but then that was a radical assumption that I could not justify, but it was a passing thought anyway. I honestly have to say that even with the language barrier, Shilka and I were bonding as our journey continued.

We sat under a large Spung tree with a group of similarly collared girls. There was not much that I could add to their conversation but I did listen and was now able to pick out a word or two here and there, and the UT meter kept raising and moved all the way up to 33%. By the way, that 33% included the words for "huge" and a slang word for "penis" if the girl collared in copper's hand gestures were understood correctly. Oh, and yes, she pointed to one of the young officers during the conversation so I made a note to myself to check him out if I got the chance. 

When the soldiers came past our little group I was ready for them to usher us back onto the wagons but instead they passed out bedrolls and motioned for us to move beyond the clump of trees. When we made our way through the trees we found ourselves in a small field where there were many quickly erected two man tents were waiting for us. When the sergeant handed me my bedroll I stood up to accept it, and in the words the UT picked up from the day's journey I smiled thanked him. Shilka looked at me with pride while some of the other girls gave me a guarded look as they did not realize that I was quickly picking up their language. One actually turned red faced and I was wondering if she had been talking bad about me earlier and was thinking that she might have been caught.

The rest of the evening was uneventful, other than the other girls had a run-in with some mosquitoes. For some reason they did not bother with me, but for them it was mosquito buffet. We sat around and from what I could gather from the conversation it was mostly gossip about people I did not know, but this time during the conversation Shilka would turn to me from time to time and try to explain what was being said and to her surprise I understood more and more. 

As dusk turned to night the soldiers took up their guard posts and ushered us into the tents. Shilka and I sat on our bedrolls for a while and took turns brushing each other's hair. We whispered to each other about the day's events and just about when we were set to head off to bed she reached into her bag and pulled out two nightshirts. They were her size of course and her being about 5 or 6 inches taller than me, it was like a sleeping bag on me but I accepted her offering and we both shed our day clothing and got ready for bed. Once dressed we turned to each other and she took me into her arms and gave me a hug and bid me a good night in English, which prompted me to return the same to her in her language. We both giggled then went to sleep.

Shortly before first light I could hear the sounds of the soldiers outside making preparations to organize the wagon train and pack up the tents. Figuring that they would get to our tent soon I wanted to get dressed before Shilka awoke. Quietly I slipped out of the nightshirt that she had given me then tapped the wardrobe collar to dress myself for the day. For today I chose an outfit similar to yesterday's except without the halter. Still wanting to look the little savage I chose a short tan hide dress the same length as yesterday's skirt with t-shirt sleeves and a low cut neckline exposing just the bare top of my breasts. Even though I was not busty, I choose to wear a pushup bra today for more support against the bouncing of the wagon. Poor Shilka with her quart-sized melons must have been in agony from yesterday's ride. I imagine that the rest of the girls were having a similar problem, as most of the women here were tall, shapely and quite busty.

As I was pulling on my moccasins the one of the soldiers came to the opening of our tent and called out that it was time to move out. Shilka stirred to life and sat up, and as she was rubbing the sleep from her eyes I playfully lobbed my nightshirt at her and in her language said as best I could I told her to wake up or we would be stranded here. She tossed the shirt back at me, playfully growled a bit, stood up and stretched before tossing her long blonde hair back off her shoulders. I could not help but watch as she pulled her nightshirt off over her head... for a moment I just stood there as for the first time I could see her naked form and I must say that she was beautiful and had a form to be admired by most. My cheeks tinged pink as she turned to me and caught me in full stare. She giggled softly and struck a pose as if she were a model on a runway before doing a little turn. She had a figure that most of the genetic constructs back at Osaka Eugenics would be envious of.

For today's travels Shilka choose a simple white linen dress that passed down beyond her knees, with a simple pair of sandals on her feet. This was much similar to the attire that she had worn yesterday. As we exited the tent and the soldiers began to pack it up, Shilka led me over to what could be described in Earth terms as a chuck wagon. We met up with the other girls and it was clear to see that they were all wearing similar outfits as they were wearing yesterday, and all were very similar to each other. I thought to my self that this must be the specified attire for women on this planet, or perhaps it might just be the approved traveling attire. We joined the other girls, had our morning meal consisting of bread and fresh fruit from a near by grove of trees. The only thing that I missed so much was a hot cup of coffee. After breakfast we were ushered to our wagon and off we went, bouncing our boobs and butts across the countryside. I was thankful that the soldiers let us keep the bedrolls that we slept on; the bedding gave us a little bit of padding against the hard wooden wagon seat. I swore after yesterdays ride that if I ever found myself back on the cramped flight deck of a Drax Corporation shuttle, I would never complain again.

Nothing eventful happened on the road today. Shilka and I continued our conversation and language classes. By the end of the day the UT had reached 49% and even though limited, I was able to begin conversing with others in our group. There were so many questions that I wanted to ask but thought it best to wait until the UT was up closer to 100% so that I could clearly ask the question and properly understand the answer. Misreading the answer could have dire consequences for me for violating their customs, laws and such.

Thankfully when evening came we stopped by the shore of a large lake to make camp for the night because after two days of traveling, Shilka and I needed to bathe, and so did some of the other girls. After dinner we crossed the road and walked down the edge of the lake. There were enough people around us that Shilka dismissed her guards for the evening. She probably would not believe me if I told her that I could guard her just as well as they could, and of course I did not mention it at all. 

We separated ourselves from the rest of the pack of blonde gossip pack, stripped off our dresses and sandals before slipping into the cool water. Shilka noticed my bra and matching beige silk panties and inquired as to what they were and why I wore them. I explained about the bra keeping my breasts from flopping about madly, but mostly I explained that the undergarments being as small as they were are just a custom of ours. My heart skipped a beat as soon as I mentioned "custom of ours" and was waiting for the questions to begin as to where I was from and how I came to be here. I was thankful that these questions did not come. I knew that soon we would have to have this talk and I was ready for it but not looking forward to it.

We washed each other's hair and splashed about a bit. A good thirty minutes or so had passed by when we heard footsteps coming down a path that lead to where we were. From the water we could see one of the uncollared girls accompanied by one of the soldiers. As we exited the water and climbed up on a huge flat boulder, we dried each other off then used our towels as a blanket to lie on as we watched the new arrivals. There was not a whole lot to see at first. They talked a bit as he spread out a blanket on the ground, but before they could sit he placed his hand on the back of her head and pulled her lips to his and they kissed for a few minutes. When the kiss broke he looked at her and spoke the word, "boratcha" in a loud commanding voice. 

With this Shilka whispered in my ear, "watch this as this is our custom. There will come a time when you may have to comply like she will". I nodded to her then turned my attention back to the couple.

The girl looked down as if she was not expecting the command so suddenly but she then looked back into the soldier's eyes and nodded as her hands move to the bottom hem of her white linen dress. The girl lifted the dress up and then off her body to stand before her man naked and barefoot. I could see in the moonlight that she was of similar build to Shilka, except perhaps a little shorter by an inch or two. I think she hesitated a little too long because once again her man barked out, "boratcha!" With that the girl turned her back to the man and slipped down to her knees, then moved into a position where she was on all fours facing away from him.

Shilka's lips pressed to my ear and she whispered, "Boratcha in our language means, "Present yourself". She went on to explain that this is a male dominated culture and that women are required to submit themselves on command to the male. The girl we were watching is uncollared therefore she is fair game and must do as she is commanded. Our owners protect those of us that are collared and an honorable man would not disrespect the collar of another man.

The girl looked back over her shoulders as the man slipped out of his boots, tunic and trousers, then he positioned himself on his knees behind her. He fumbled around for a few minutes with his manhood, rubbing it against her and then with one swift motion he pushed forward to plunge himself deep inside her. She tossed her head back sharply letting out a loud squeal then an even louder gasp of pleasure as he pulled out and pushed back in.
