 Memoirs of Kitty Siam -- Pass Tents.

After our mad dash across the road we dove into our tent and broke out in the mad giggles. I guess it was not often that either of us got to sit through something like that. I have to admit that it did have an effect on me as it had been some time since I had been the object of a man's horny attention, and from the glow on Shilka's cheeks, and the high points on her chest, I think she was in a similar situation as I was. 

I really had to try hard to stop from laughing when Shilka began rubbing her back on her bedroll. She reminded me of an Earth dog trying to scratch an itch that it could not reach. The thin fabric of her nightshirt did very little to keep the mosquitoes away from her skin. Shilka asked me why the bugs did not bite me like they did her. I told her that I guess they do not like spicy Thai food. Unfortunately her not knowing my background, it was not funny for her but I could not help but snicker just a little.

I felt sorry for my traveling companion and I really wanted to do something to help her. I opened my backpack and rummaged around inside for a jar of cream that I had. Even though I did not get bug bites, I knew it would work for other skin irritations that I might get so I took it from someone's luggage that was on the shuttle with me. I turned Shilka around so that her back was toward me and asked her to remove her nightshirt, which she did without hesitation. I took a small amount on my fingers and spread it slowly across her back. Once I had several lines of cream on her I started rubbing it in over the little bug bite bumps. I could hear soft moans coming from her lips, though I was not sure she was aware of the sounds she was making each time I pressed my hands a bit harder against her back as I rubbed in the cream. Her muscles were quite tight and knotted from the long bouncy ride we had today on the wagon.

The more she moaned and squirmed the harder I pressed my fingers into her muscles. The more I pushed the more I felt her moving away from me so I asked her to lay down on her stomach so that I could tend to her better without pushing her away. I am not sure that she understood but I used my hands to guide her down on to her tummy to reinforce my words. Once she was in position I slipped off my nightshirt. I did not want to get the cream on my shirt if I could help it. I assumed that doing laundry meant going down to the lake and beating our clothing on a rock or something.

Once I got her and myself naked I straddled her and sat down with my butt planted firmly on hers. I leaned forward and began working my hands and fingers into the muscles of her neck. I could feel her relaxing to my touch and purring softly as my hands and fingers danced over her skin, and touching all those tight muscles. Remembering back to all those discussions of pressure points in my fist aid and martial arts courses came in handy and helped me to press in all the right spots with just enough pressure to help loosen my friend's muscles and help her relax and get comfortable.

At times I would lean forward and use the point of an elbow to press against her shoulder muscles. Leaning in with all my weight behind my elbow point brought gasps of pain and then pleasure as the knots were released. I have to admit that my hairless little kitty rubbing against her lower back each time I moved was having a good effect on me and made it difficult to remember that I was doing this for Shilka, not myself. I knew I was getting a bit moist down there and was hoping that she was too distracted by my massaging that she would not notice a little wet spot on her lower back. 

I worked my way down her back, pressing my thumbs into the small channel that outlined her spine. Working firmly and carefully which brought about more sighs of pleasure and relief. This went on for probably about thirty minutes or so, which is just about, the point where my hands began to cramp up, and Shilka was relaxed just about enough to fall asleep, or so I thought. 

Gently I slipped off her back and settled onto my own bedroll and tried to calm my breathing as I was just a bit... oh what the hell, I was turned on a lot. I was lying on my back and looking up at the peak formed by the tent while my hand was making circles over my tummy and chest, but avoiding my oh so sensitive little brown nipples. Light little touches as my fingertips danced over my warm skin. Several times I was tempted to dip my fingers between my legs and relieve myself but I thought I had better not, knowing how vocal I can get and not wanting to wake Shilka. As my fingertips danced down to the area just above my pubic bone, I felt Shilka's fingers pushing my hand away as she rolled towards me, propped herself up on one elbow and let her fingers continue the dance that mine were performing.

Her hands moved along my skin, up my tummy and then back down, her motions creating a big oval of pleasure over my torso. Unlike my touch and my avoidance of my breasts and nipples, her fingers explored every inch of me that was exposed. Her fingers brushed over my little brown nipples, her touch was met with a soft low gasp of pleasure followed by a slight tremor flowing through my body. She knew that she had found a sensitive spot and would touch there again from time to time as her fingers continued to lightly caress my skin. When her hand would move over my breasts, her fingers like scissors would close on my nipple and give it a little tug. This was torture to me and my body was beginning its slow clime to toward orgasm. My hands clenched the bedroll and my fingernails dug deep into the soft padded fabric.

Shilka snuggled closer to me as her hand now spent most of the time paying attention to my breasts and nipples, a little tweak here, a gentle pinch there, and all the while alternating between my firm little mango sized mounds, giving attention to both in turn. That is until she firmly clutched onto my left breast, trapped the nipple between her fingers and at the same time squeezed. My head tilted back, I gulped in air quickly and was just about to let out a loud moan, but that moan was quickly cut off as she pressed her lips over my open mouth and pushed her tongue deep inside. My eyes closed as my tongue danced against hers as it filled my mouth. Working her tongue in and out, then working in swirls her tongue played with mine as if in a sensual battle for control of my small mouth. As our tongues danced and wrestled, Shilka rolled more towards me and pressed herself in tightly against me, her heavy breast leaning on my much smaller orb felt as if a hand were pushing down on my little mango. From time to time she would move slowly and her nipple would brush against mine as her firm heavy breast surrounded it.

Her leg shifted and moved over mine when she brought her thigh up to press against my hairless little soaked kitty. A short move of my leg brought my thigh up to press against her mound and the soft tuft of golden hair that covered it. This brought a moan to both of our lips, as this vocalization also did not get any farther than the inside of each other's open mouth. The passion of our kiss increased as our bodies began to squirm against each other. Her hand on my breast began to squeeze harder, and stretch my nipple more and more. My tongue probed against hers and as I was pushing mine against hers, trying to push my way between her lips the kiss was broken. Her body moved against mine and I adjusted myself to keep my thigh between her legs and her thigh between mine. As soon as I moved, her lips surrounded my right nipple and sucked softly, one, two three licks as her mouth drew my nipple in as far as it would go and then it happened... I began squirming under her as my body exploded through its first orgasmic wave.

Shilka continued to nibble on my chest, alternating from breast to breast, and as she slid down my torso to get in to a better position. I could feel her large nipples and heavy breasts rubbing and pressing against my flat little tummy. She had me trapped under her as her lips and tongue played with my nipples repeatedly through wave after wave of orgasmic delight. I opened my eyes and looked up when she pulled her lips from my nipples. My body was still trembling even though the orgasmic spasms had subsided. Shilka looked down at me as she was now propped up by one elbow. With my feline night vision fully engaged, I could see a broad smile on her lips, a gleam in her eye, and a look of accomplishment on her face.

I did not have a lot of experience pleasuring women, though my training prepared me to pleasure both men and women should my owner desire it. My experience with women was limited to the clumsy experimentation that my barracks mates and I had engaged in back at Osaka Eugenics. I could tell that Shilka was way more experienced than I was, but even lacking experience I knew exactly what Shilka wanted when she lowered her breast toward my face and brushed her stubby pink nipple over my lips. On instinct my lips parted and my pink pointed tongue lashed out over the areola and firm nipple. I heard her gasp softly as I planted several wet kisses on her offered nipple before she leaned closer. Her large breast covered most of my face and felt heavy as it pressed down against me. My mouth opened and my lips surrounded her large pink areola and closed tightly as I slowly began to suck. Her hand cradled my head from behind and held me to her nipple, as a new mother would do with her baby. My eyes opened and as I looked up at her beautiful face, her mouth was open, her eyes were closed and she was sighing softly with pleasure. Seeing the affect I was having on her, I drew more of her breast into my mouth for my tongue to play with. Licking her firmly as my mouth pulsed as I tried to pull even more of her breast into my mouth with gentle suction. 

Shilka tossed her head back and moaned, her long blonde hair caressed my forehead with each movement, and as I drew harder on her breast and nipple I felt her hand return to my breast. My hand moved to her other breast, taking as much of it as I could into my open palm. I thought that the thing must weight about five pounds or so, which lead me to a greater understanding of why her back was so tight after our wagon ride. As I massaged the free dangling orb she returned the favor to my breast. As I licked her nipple trapped inside my mouth and kneaded her breast, her hand moved from my right breast, to the left, giving both nipples a little tug between her fingers. As she squeezed and tugged I returned the favor, squeezing hers and sucking harder.

A moan passed from Shilka's open mouth as her hand gave my left breast a hard squeeze before she moved her hand down my torso. Her nails dragged over my honey colored flesh causing goose bumps to rise as my body shivered. Working her way down my tummy, her fingers circled my belly button before her hand trailed on down between my thighs. I felt her nails pass over my hairless mound before passing over then circling my little sensitive button. This brought a muffled squeal from my lips as I continued to pull harder on her breast and nipple with my mouth, sucking now like a nursing infant as if this was my last meal. The harder I sucked the harder she pulled my head toward her, and as I felt a tremble wash through her torso, her fingers curled into my thick black hair and pulled even harder to keep my lips right where she wanted them. 

Another shudder rumbled through her body as I continued to nurse from her, and her hand began rubbing up and down the smooth hairless slit between my legs. I rolled my hips up each time her hand pressed down. This went on for a while until using my hair as a handle she pulled my lips from her breast then covered my lips with hers. Her tongue flicked out against my lips and they parted automatically to accept her. She probed her tongue deep inside my mouth as for the first time her finger pressed inside my tight little slit. This only lasted for a few seconds as she pushed in and pulled out several times before moving her hand from between my legs totally. Her arms slipped under mine as she repositioned herself again while keeping her lips against my and her tongue pressing its way even deeper into my mouth. Her hands came up behind my shoulders and she held me to her and I did the same, hugging her tightly as her large breasts flattened against my torso and spilled out between our bodies. The passion of our kiss deepened, my mouth forced open even more as she pushed more of her tongue into me, my chest rose and fell rapidly against hers as I gasped for air, my savage moans were silenced by her mouth over mine and her tongue pressed deep inside me.

Then as suddenly as our kiss began, it was over and her lips moved to my right breast where her teeth scraped against my nipple before drawing it in sharply. My back arched as I pressed my breast against her lips, then she released my right breast and latched on to the left with her lips and teeth. My fingers twisted into her blonde locks and held her lips to me, not wanting her to break her suction on my nipple, but of course she did, and with that I let out a deep sigh in frustration which brought a giggle from Shilka as she pressed her lips to my nipple to give it a tender kiss.

Shilka took a deep breath then moved a little to my left side then pressed her lips to the center of my chest and planted a soft warm kiss, followed by another, and another. She pushed herself up a little and began kissing her way down my tummy. I was squirming wildly again from every touch that came from her. I did not know what was turning me on most, the kisses from her lips, or the caress from her firm heavy breasts as the massaged my sides and tummy with every move she made. Shilka kissed her way down to my belly button then continued on down until she ran out of tummy and torso to kiss. As she repositioned herself, her chest was pressed firmly against the outside of my right thigh then as she leaned in, she planted a soft blowing kiss on my bare mound as her hand pushed my left leg away, opening me up fully as her next kiss landed between my legs on my wet glistening lips.

I pushed myself up to support myself on my elbow left elbow to watch with my night vision that was coming in oh so handy tonight. My right hand went behind Shilka's head to stroke her hair as her lips moved over mine. Her lips parted and her tongue flicked out over my little button, before moving around its outer edge, tracing its outline with just the very tip. My second orgasm was building rapidly, and there was nothing I could do to stop it, not that I wanted to. Her tongue ran around my little bud in circles several times before she turned her head to me and whispered, "so pretty, so perfect, so soft, and so tasty", which brought a big smile to my face as I had never thought of myself that way down there. She leaned in and pressed her tongue to my little button again, but this time she used two fingers to spread my slender lips apart and her tongue ran through the crease that her fingers held open. A deep tremble ran though me as no one had ever licked me like this down there.

Shilka pulled back again and I just wanted to twist my fingers into her hair with both hands and pull her back, but I was patient. I trusted her and knew that she had something in mind. That is when her hands pressed against my inner thighs and pushed my legs apart as she settled down between them. Her chest was pressed tightly against my wet bedroll and her face was staring straight at the place I wanted her to continue licking, and continue licking she did. She leaned in real close and starting from the bottom, licked up along the left side, she followed up by doing the same to the right. I closed my eyes and clenched my teeth, not wanting to explode right then and there. She had to know what this was doing to me and I suspect that she has done this before a time or two. Perhaps this is also why she is so popular with the other ladies in our caravan and the looks that I have been getting from them were not from disgust, but were from jealousy.

The licking stopped as she opened her mouth and pressed her lips over mine, then the next sensation I felt was her squirming tongue pressing slowly inside me. She suckled softly while darting her tongue inside, then pulling out again. It did not take too long before my hands reached out to grab her hair and hold her lips to my little hairless kitty. I bit my lower lip to keep from screaming out in wild passion as the first wave of my second orgasm took control of my slender body. My hips bucked and thrashed wildly and as she continued to probe in and out of me with her tongue I felt her face slipping against my skin as a large wet spot began to form under my little butt on my bedroll. 

Shilka continued to lick and twist her tongue deep inside me as wave after wave of passion and ecstasy took control of my body. I began to taste my own blood as my teeth sliced through my lower lip, which on most people this would have dampened the pleasure of the moment but for me, for some reason the taste of my own blood brought another powerful wave cascading through my body. Two, three more waves and my muscles tensed, the forth wave coursed through me then everything was gone. My body relaxed and I flopped backwards onto my back on my bedroll, my chest heaving as I gasped for air. My eyes opened as I looked down my torso to see Shilka's wet face looking back up into my eyes. With a little wink she lowered her face and lips back down between my legs and planted a soft kiss on my little engorged button. 

I stroked her hair softly as she planted several more kisses between my legs before she pushed her middle finger slowly inside me. I was not expecting this and it came to a surprise to me as she pushed it all the way in as her lips surrounded my little button and sucked softly on it. She fingered me deep and slowly began to build up speed and as if on autopilot my hips began to reply and push back against her finger, trying to take it deeper. She pulled her finger out and slid her tongue back into me, and though my second orgasm just barely finished, a third was starting to build quickly as her tongue plunged deep inside of me over and over again. My body was losing control again as I squirmed and wiggled against her tongue. My hands clenched the bedroll and my fingernails dug in once again, and then she pulled away leaving me lying on my back feeling quite empty and frustrated.

She moved away from between my legs and moved her face up toward my head. Pressing her wet lips against my ear she whispered in a hoarse commanding voice, "Boracha!" It took me a few seconds to come to my senses when she said it again, except this time a bit more forcefully, "Boratcha!" Remembered our conversation from earlier I knew what she wanted and also knew that I needed to react immediately should I hear this word again. 

My body protested as I moved, my muscles were still in the early stages of another orgasmic convulsion and moved sluggishly as I positioned myself on my hands and knees. Shilka positioned herself behind me and pushed my head and chest down onto the bedroll. Her lips moved back between my legs and her tongue ran their length again and probed deep inside from the back. Her hand moved to my little button and she began to massage, pinch, and stroke it gently. Again my body started down the road to number three when she pulled her tongue out of me and leaned in to rub her breasts and nipples between and over my wet dripping lips in turn, coating them with my wetness. Her fingers still working over my little overly sensitive nub. I was so close to number three when she pulled her soaked breasts and nipples away from me and released her fingers from my little button. Oh I was so ready to take matters into my own hands and I think she knew it too. 
