 Their shower was completed with a minimal amount of grab ass, but still some rather interesting lathering procedures. Mina really seemed to enjoy having Kevin wash her long hair and work her scalp. Kevin shaved and then went to dress as Mina started on her minimal makeup. Opening the closet he got another shock.

"Where did all these suits come from?" He questioned, "Your last boy toy leave them behind?"

"No, they came from the best tailor on Seville Row, London." Mina said casually.

"How?"

"Kevin, you have seen the tele-portal work as a one way viewer, I just had the system scan the best tailor it could find and then replicate the suits in your size from ship's stores. Now quit stalling and get dressed, we have to be at the White House in fifteen minutes."

Seething quietly Kevin dressed in dark blue double breasted silk suit, white silk shirt, cuff links and a red silk tie. His shoes were brand new oxfords and the shine would have done a Marine proud. The feel of the suit calmed his anger. This really was over the top, but nobody had been hurt by it, so why not.

"This is really too much, thank you babe." Kevin said, kissing the nape of her neck.

"You are more than welcome, now let's go." Mina told him, leading him out the door. She was dressed in a floor length dress of pink, light and breezy. They proceeded to the tele-portal and Mina ordered it set to one way viewing and then one way transport as they saw the President sitting in the oval office alone.

"Good evening Mr. President." Mina said brightly as they stepped through the bookcase.

"Good evening," he responded rather shakily. "It is still very strange to see you walk out of a solid bookcase."

"Well, we thought it would be best if you saw as little of our technology as possible until we are officially allies." Mina said confidently. "Thank you for the release of my people, they arrived last night and were found to be in good health."

"We didn't want to hurt them, just learn from them." He said. "Kevin you and I need to talk about what you said yesterday. Captain if you will excuse us, I think you will find Helen and David waiting for you, rather impatiently as it were."

"I will see you shortly Mr. President." Mina told him formally. She opened the door to the oval office and a secret service man nodded politely and waved for her to follow him to the residence.

"Kevin," the President said as soon as the door closed, "do you have any idea of the mess you left last night after that video conference?"

"No sir, I am not a diplomat. I'm a cop and we talk plainly and straight from the shoulder as it were."

"I am not angry Kevin, just trying to let you know how things work at this level."

"Mr. President," Kevin said warily, "I don't know or want to know how politics work at this level, I have enough to worry about with them at the precinct." 

"Well, you better get used to it," he said with a dark smile, "because you have been appointed as the American Ambassador to the aliens."

"Sir..." 

"Too late, it has already happened." The President informed him. "I personally signed the paperwork and called your Captain on the force and informed him that you were being tapped for a special high risk high profile position for the administration. I have not mentioned it to Congress yet, as you know, they have to approve all Ambassadorial appointments, but I'm not expecting any problem"

Kevin sat down sharply without being invited and just stared at the man behind the oak desk that had just changed his entire life with a stroke of a pen.

"Naturally your Captain wished you the best of luck after he got over the shock. I imagine that he cursed a blue streak at your sudden departure though."

Kevin smiled at that and knew that he was right. His Captain had no problem turning the air a startling shade of indigo when he was pissed and losing him in the middle of his investigations would not be something that he would like to do. But there was no point in going on about it now.

"I don't know what to say sir." Kevin finally managed to get out.

"Say 'Thank you' and let's go eat."

"Thank you and let's go eat."

"Smart ass," the President laughed and stood to lead a still befuddled Kevin out of the oval office.

They made their way up to the residence and found Mina on her knees in the sitting room, David beside her showing her some of his toys as Helen stood by watching with delight.

"She really is wonderful with him." Helen said as she saw them approaching.

"It's not hard when the child is as wonderful as David is." Mina said hugging the little boy.

"Dinner is ready sir." A liveried servant spoke from the door and the group turned and headed for the dining room.

"Dinner tonight is a light salad, roast chicken, garlic mashed potatoes, brandied carrots and chocolate cake for desert." Helen informed them. "Is that alright with you my dear?" She asked Mina looking concerned.

"Fine, we have tested all of your earth dishes and found that we can digest and metabolize all of them."

"Oh good, you have no idea how much I was worried about serving you something that you couldn't eat."

"Well, before this is finished, you have to come to my ship and have some of our meals. We are capable of making anything that you make as well as some special dishes that are only found on our planet."

"I'm looking forward to swapping recipes with you already." Helen said grinning.

"In that case, on behalf of the American Ambassador to our visitors, I would like to formally extend an invitation to dinner tomorrow night aboard their ship." Kevin said formally as Mina missed a step and stared at him.

"On behalf of the White House, I accept the invitation." Helen said grinning madly.

"What is this Ambassador stuff?" Mina said sharply.

"Oh, didn't you hear, I have been appointed as the American Ambassador to your people." Kevin replied as though it was common knowledge.

"You're kidding me." Mina gasped.

Kevin pulled her into a hug, with some difficulty as David was still in her arms, his head on her shoulder.

"Stick with me baby, this kid is going places." Kevin said kissing her gently.

They arrived in the dining room and found the table set for seven. The President's chief of staff and his wife were already waiting. David pointed at a place and Mina set him down on the chair and he whispered in her ear. She tapped the tip of his nose with her index finger and said, "You bet kiddo."

"Ambassador Jacobs, Captain Mina, this is my Chief of Staff Wendell Harcourt, and his wife Jean." The President introduced the two couples. "Dell, Jean, this is Ambassador Kevin Jacobs and Captain Mina."

"Please, call me Kevin." He said extending his hand and the Chief of Staff shook it firmly. "I am still trying to get used to the idea of me being anything more than a street cop."

"You'll get used to it." Dell responded with a grin.

"You have no idea how much I have wanted to meet you." Jean Harcourt said shaking Mina's hand with enthusiasm. "When Dell told me about your arrival and your proposal, I could barely contain myself."

"The pleasure is all mine Mrs. Harcourt." Mina said with a wide smile. "I am afraid that we threw the President a bit of a curve the other day."

The President grunted and everyone laughed, the ice broken. They found their places and sat at the table, Kevin on the President's right, Mina next to him and David next to her, the first Lady sat at the foot of the table and Jean on her right with Dell Harcourt next to the President. Conversation flowed amiably around the table, mostly centered on the differences between earth cuisine and that of Mina's people. Nothing of great value was discussed as Mina was constantly distracted by David, jumping in with something new to tell her.

After dinner the group moved to the family's sitting room and was arranged comfortably on the sofa's there, David snuggled into Mina's lap and drifting slowly off to sleep, bored by the grown up talk. The First Lady stared at her in wonder.

"I don't know how you do that," she said in wonder. "It takes me forever to get him to sleep."

"I think it may have something to do with our higher body temperature." Mina said diplomatically. "To him it's like snuggling a warm living blanket."

"Well, let me put him to bed." Helen said picking him up and watching him squirm trying to stay with Mina. Mina laughed softly and kissed the top of his head and he settled down in Helen's arms, snuggling to her instead. "Yep, definitely need to learn that trick." She muttered as she stepped from the room with the sleeping boy in her arms.

The rest of the company talked for a while until she returned and then picked up the conversation that had been going on before Helen left.

"Are you sure that you can teach us how to make faster than light ships and communications?" Dell asked sharply.

"Yes," Mina replied confidently. "It will take some changes in your thinking, and some new elements added to your periodic table, but on the whole I am certain that you can do it. The hardest part is going to be getting all of your people to get along with each other."

"What do you mean," Helen asked before the President could say anything, his face already starting to darken.

"The energy needed to achieve faster than light travel is an order of magnitude higher than anything your science has developed." Mina said softly. "Once you are there, the power drain is minimal, but getting there takes a lot of power. Do you want that power to be openly distributed to everyone on this planet? Just think about what would happen if that much energy was released on the planet's surface. Nothing would survive, the planet included."

The faces around the room suddenly went dark with fear and then white in understanding.

"Precisely," Mina said firmly. "Now we are willing to teach you all you need to know, but at a steady pace. We are not willing to just dump all this knowledge onto the only people that we have found can help save our own race to see you destroy yourselves."

"How do you propose to make everyone get along?" The President asked. "I admit I would like to see all the people of this world come together, but I don't think that you can just wave a magic wand and make everybody love everybody else."

"The same way that you are doing it now, education," Mina told him confidently. "If nothing else, as soon as the rest of the world finds out that we are here, they will band together to hate the outsiders. We can use that to our advantage." The rest of the evening was spent with Mina outlining her plan to the wide eyed company in the White House.

After several hours she turned to Kevin.

"We really need to be going; the Doctor wants us aboard for the first procedure in the morning." She said and stood. Handshakes and hugs were exchanged and Kevin and Mina stepped through the bookcase and back to the ship.

They walked into their quarters and Kevin tossed his jacket over a chair and turned to face Mina. She had ignored all his questions about whatever procedure was to start in the morning until they were home.

"What..." Kevin demanded.

"The procedure is for the insemination of other members of my crew." Mina told him flatly.

"You mean my..."

"Only if you wish," she told him holding up both hands in a placating gesture. "Some of the others have already agreed to be donors if you are still reluctant."

"I thought that you had arranged something without..."

"I told you that I would wait until you are comfortable before I planned on using your seed for anyone else." Mina told him stepping over to him and putting her arms around his shoulders. He slipped his about her waist and pulled her tight.

"I'm sorry, but you just caught me a little off guard." Kevin said holding her tight and breathing in the scent of her hair.

"All is forgiven," she whispered. "Now let's get some sleep. I think you are going to need it when you find out how this has to happen."

"That sounds ominous." Kevin said pulling back.

"Strip and get into bed, I will explain everything." Mina told him. She slipped the dress off her shoulders and it puddled on the floor at her feet. She wore only a thong under it. Kevin felt his blood surge as he saw her almost naked. He reached for her and she slapped his hands. "Not now you despoiler of women, hang up your suit and then come to bed."

Kevin sighed and picked up his jacket with a whispered, "yes dear." She shook her fist at him menacingly but he just smiled and headed to his closet and hung up his suit and tossed the rest into the ships laundry chute. He slipped naked into bed and Mina snuggled up to him, her head on his shoulder, her nails gently twirling his chest hair as he slipped his hand down her back and into the waistband of her panties to hold her ass cheek.

"Now what is so bad about this procedure that I need to be prepared for?" Kevin asked.

"Well," Mina squirmed almost embarrassed, "our physiology is somewhat different from yours. In order for our females to ovulate, it is not just a matter of timing the cycle as with your females. Ours require the act of intimacy in order for ovulation to occur."

"You mean that you have to..."

"We need to have sex in order to ovulate and be able to reproduce." Mina said looking very intently at his chest hair.

"Would you please let me finish a sentence once in a while?" Kevin asked softly, trying to ease her embarrassment.

"Sorry," Mina mumbled.

"So how do plan to achieve this intimacy?"

"Any of our females that wish to reproduce must have...relations...with someone who can impregnate them." She said even more softly.

"I thought you said that that wouldn't be necessary." Kevin said starting to sit up. Mina held him down on their bed.

"No, I said that I would not be necessary for YOU to do that." Kevin paused at that and relaxed. "Now that we have your sperm, we can impregnate each other, but it cannot be done in a medical clinic as it is done on Earth, it must be done with actual sexual intercourse. The act of orgasm is what causes the ovulation cycle to be imitated."

"You know the back of your neck blushes when you are embarrassed." Kevin said with a chuckle and then grunted as she pinched his ribs.

"I am trying to have a serious conversation here." Mina objected.

"I know that," Kevin countered with a grin as she looked up at him. "But you are so obviously embarrassed by this and you are hiding behind such medical terms that it is amusing."

"Well just how would you put it?" She demanded.

"Simply, in order for you to get knocked up, you have to fuck each other, just like the rest of the universe."

"How very crude," Mina said rolling over in disgust.

"Now that is not what I meant and you know." Kevin said slipping in behind her. "You think I don't understand?"

"I have a headache." Mina told her pillow, refusing to look at him.

"I have the aspirin." Kevin said starting to nibble her ear as he reached around her at tweaked her nipple.

"Stop that you pervert," Mina told him, twisting to avoid him, but not fighting very hard.

"Not until your headache goes away," he whispered in her ear as his hand moved down her body. He proceeded down her body, his lips tongue and teeth working over her smooth back as she writhed before him. Her moans grew louder and deeper as he felt her start to moisten and she spread her legs and let him work first one finger then another into her dripping center. He pushed a third finger into her and then had a really wicked idea. With his first three fingers deep into her channel, he hooked his thumb up and slipped it into her back door. Mina screamed in delight, and then arched her back in delight as his ring finger found her g-spot and his little finger flicked her clit. Kevin kept working his way down her back and came to her tail, the tip of which was thrashing in delight and he licked all around the base and Mina screamed in release, her juices exploding from her and her body contracting violently. He kept his other hand around her chest, twisting and teasing her stone hard nipples.

Kevin kept his fingers and tongue moving enjoying her frenzied movements as she bounced on the bed in the throes of a massive orgasm. Finally, with her pussy crushing his hand and the bed completely soaked in her moisture she was able to get far enough away from him that contact was broken. She rolled out of the bed and hit the floor still twitching and shuddering in post orgasm delight.

"Don't ever do that to me again," she said when she had calmed down enough to speak.

"You didn't like it?" Kevin asked innocently.

"I loved it, but you have to warn me before you do that. Look what I did to the bed." She held up the top sheet and Kevin saw the monstrous wet spot and the shredded sheets where she had been laying. Her claws had come out and totally destroyed the bed clothes.

"I'll pay for new sheets in the morning, now come to bed." Kevin said opening his arms and Mina dived into his embrace. The snuggled over on his side of the bed, Mina trying hard to avoid the puddle she had left on the bed, but Kevin didn't mind, it just brought her closer to him.

"Let me take care of you." She said running a nail up the straining shaft between his legs.

"Later, just cuddle for now."

"If you're sure," Mina slurred as she drifted off, her hand clutching his erection.

Morning found them in the same position, Kevin still on his back, Mina laying her head on his chest, her fingers still gently holding his now softened cock. The intercom on the bedside beeped twice and Mina sat up sharply, instantly awake, and slapped the audio only circuit.

"Captain."

"Captain, Doctor here, we have had to push back the first procedure, an equipment problem."

"Very well Doctor, can you give me thirty minutes then join me in my cabin for breakfast?"

"Yes Captain, I will be there on time."

"Good, Captain out." Mina slapped off the com and rolled back over and into Kevin's arms. "Good morning darling."

"Not until I get some coffee in me will it be a good morning, but this is just too nice to leave." Kevin said sleepily and pulled her closer.

"No, we have to get up and shower before the doctor gets here. We have things to talk about that we didn't get to last night." Mina pushed herself away from him and swung out of bed.

"Can't we just have the day off?" Kevin whined.

"No, the President is coming tonight and I have to make sure everything is ready for a state dinner. Now into the shower with you I have to make some arrangements."

Kevin slipped out of bed and made a big show of dragging himself to the shower. Mina threw a pillow at him. As he was about to get out Mina slipped in, kissed him and dropped to her knees before him and grabbed his cock.

"Bet you thought I forgot about leaving you hanging last night didn't you." Mina said as she rubbed his thickening member all over her face and licking it.

"The thought crossed my mind." Kevin replied looking down into her eyes and stroking her now wet hair. He shuddered as she took him into her mouth and throat. Without warning she started slamming her face into his groin, fucking her face onto his dick. Kevin grabbed onto her head to hold himself up and howled in delight as Mina swallowed around the head of his shaft, her throat muscles massaging the crown and bringing him off in record time. Kevin shot five full ropes of cum down her throat and then groaned as she pulled back and jacked her hand up and down his penis milking the last from him.

"Thanks that was just what I needed to get going this morning." Mina told him pulling him out of her mouth and licking the last little bit of cum off his head, enjoying the feeling of him shuddering against her tongue.

"If that is all you need to get motivated in the morning, I am at your disposal any day of the week and twice on Sunday." Kevin panted, holding onto the wall of the shower.
