 Teela and I walked back to the rooms we were assigned. My room was a permanent assignment, Teela's was temporary as Lord Tausin would be spend a lot more time at the castle getting settled into his new role and assuring that his successor as Reeve was brought up to speed quickly. Along the way I had to ask what was appropriate for a trip to the bathhouse. I had seen her wearing her plain white dress when she accompanied her owner, and thought that I would wear the same. Thought I thought an upgrade to the usual white linen frock was in order.

Using the wardrobe bracelet I selected a simple white linen dress in the same style that Teela planned on wearing tonight. I giggled as I thought about entertaining Yashu with a glimpse of the little barbarian girl outfits that I wore on the wagon ride to the castle, but thought that I had better attempt to fit in than stand out tonight. I also did not want to scare off Captain Yashu either as I had plans for him. 

It did not take Teela long to put herself together for the evening, which denied me any time for makeup and hair fixing. I wrapped my hair loosely then pinned it to the top of my head with the two throwing spikes that I rarely left home without. Lately I did not feel comfortable unless I had a little something hidden away for protection. Teela knocked at the door just as I was slipping into a pair of white flat sandals. I thought that turning an ankle in heels on the coble stone streets would not be much fun tonight. I closed the door to my room, and headed down the hallway. Once outside we hooked arms and walked together to meet up with Lord Tausin. Along the way she interrogated me about Captain Yashu and the prospects of him and I doing the "boratcha" boogie. I giggled slightly the first time she mentioned his name. Until now it never occurred to me that the studly guy I wanted to pounce on had a first name that sounded like a sneeze. 

I teasingly told her that I planed on immediately ripping his clothes off and taking him right there in the bathing pool. 

She got serious all of a sudden and told me that this would be forbidden. There was to be no sex in the bath ever and mentioned that there were alcoves along the walls on the ground floor and more luxurious accommodations on the balcony overlooking the bathing pool. 

I nodded and told her that I understood. I had planned on playing it careful and conservative anyway being that I had just been thrust into a new role with many responsibilities and that this was my first trip to the Kreetin bathhouse. I had read up on how the bathhouses in Pompeii and Rome were back in 100 BCE, and in my mind I thought that the ones here would be similar and they were.

Teela mentioned that this was one of the more upscale establishments reserved for the Royals, the Lords and Ladies, and the captains of business and industry. She explained that in my new position I am welcome there as Yashu would be also as he shares a similar position with Lord Tosk's staff. Teela went on to say that given his position and mine, and being that I reported directly to Prince Vortak, my rank superseded his and that I should behave accordingly in public.

That was a bombshell that just exploded on me, as I did not have time to think of such things, as I was very close to becoming a cat in heat. Teela cautioned about us doing anything sexual in public, but stated that it was not forbidden; just that it must be done properly, as in I should not assume a subordinate or submissive position to him in public. In other words, no boratcha in public places. I could do what ever in private, but even then she cautioned me about lessening my standard of behavior with a subordinate.

I jokingly responded to this news that perhaps I should just pounce on the Prince tonight and let him have his way with me.

A deep male voice from behind us chimed in and suggested that his highness would probably enjoy that, but he would probably be worn out and walking funny by morning. 

I turned to see Lord Tausin walking close behind us. He broke out in a loud belly laugh as I turned around and looked up at him. Had it been earlier in the day he would have seen my cheeks tinge pink with embarrassment. He gave us both a gentle shove, "Get moving you two, let us not keep Kitty's victim waiting too long" he said as we stopped dawdling about and made our way to the bathhouse.

As we entered the bathhouse, Lord Tausin put his lips to my ear and cautioned, "Teela was correct in what she told you about your position, should you and your Captain bathe in view of others, the washing should appear mutual." He ended the whisper with, "Do you understand Kitty?"

I nodded and replied seriously, "Yes My Lord, I understand."

Lord Tausin and Teela smiled at me then ushered me to a cordoned off section of the bathing area. I followed their lead and stripped off my dress and sandals. Like Teela I had gone commando tonight. I left the bra and panties tucked safely away in my wardrobe bracelet. A young lady collected our clothing for us as we disrobed. She carefully folded our garments and placed them on a table next to a folded stack of soft towels. 

I left my hair pinned up and followed my friends to the washing pool. The bathhouse was divided into two areas, one for washing, and the other for bathing. It was similar to the custom of old Japan where first you washed, then you bathed. The bathing was more socializing than anything else. Before I slipped into the water I looked around for Yashu and to my dismay, he was nowhere to be seen. I felt a bit sad that he was not there but I figured that perhaps some late minute issue had cropped up that required his attention.

Teela began soaping up Lord Tausin and started washing his front side. Not knowing if it was proper or not I picked up a soft cloth and followed Teela's lead and began soaping down his back. I looked quizzically at Teela before I joined in and her wink and nod told me that it was ok. Together was washed him down good, and Teela paid extra attention to his most sensitive man parts, which had him, erect and ready to boratcha Teela good and proper. 

Teela gave him a final rinse off, then we turned to each other and as I turned toward her I was promptly struck in the chest with a wet soapy rag that she had lobbed toward me. Lord Tausin gave his throat a cautionary clearing and Teela got the message that she had to be careful of my new station in the Kingdom. Unfortunately she got the message as the same soapy cloth spattered against the center of her chest then hung motionless between her orange sized breasts.

We both had a giggle together than we gave each other a good washing. During the soaping and rinsing I had a chance to get a good look at our Lord and Teela standing close together. He was a good six inches taller than her and they both could have been the poster people for keeping the Kingdom physically fit. Even though there was a large age difference, he was more than capable of keeping up with her, and she was more than capable of keeping him up if you know what I mean. My eyes kept falling to his manhood and as I kept looking him and her over, one thought that kept occurring to me is how often he hits bottom when he is inside her. I was so tempted to just reach out and touch his marvelous tool as for the first time I had become truly envious of Teela.

Yashu calling to me from outside the washing area interrupted my musings and impure thoughts. He was still clad in his tunic that bore the crest of Lord Tosk. I called back to him and motioned for him to join us after first gaining the approval of Lord Tausin. 

Yashu came close to the edge of the washing area and was stopped by one of the attendants. He was advised to disrobe before going any farther and for some reason he balked at doing this. Had he been closer to the edge of the washing pool I would have reached out and dragged him in by the ankle. He was a big man and would have made quite a splash.

As he spoke to me from outside the washing area, Yashu told me that he and several of his friends had reserved an alcove up stairs and asked if I would join him. Lord Tausin looked concerned at hearing this and Teela whispered to me, "Remember what we discussed on our way here."

I nodded to her and told her that I would be careful.

I teasingly offered to wash Yashu's back if he wanted to wash before going to the alcove. I was a bit saddened when he declined.

This evening with Yashu was getting off to a terrible start. I could see the concern in Teela's eyes as I exited the washing area at Yashu's insistence. I went to the table, got a towel and dried myself off. When I went to put my dress and sandals on, Yashu told me that dressing would not be necessary.

I was beginning to sense a pattern here and I knew that there was some sort of game afoot and I vowed to myself to be careful as to how the rest of the evening went. I believed that Yahsu wanted me to follow him naked to the alcove, possibly to score points with his friends by having the Captain of the Prince's security staff follow him naked across the bathhouse. I dressed myself in defiance of his wishes and walked beside him as we crossed the bathhouse and ascended the steps.

We entered the alcove and my so-called date for the evening introduced me to his friends and they in turn introduced me to their girls. The whole introduction session had formality to it and I got the feeling that they were just filling a customary requirement rather than really wanting to get to know me. The other couples were in various states of undress, while one of the couples moved toward the corner of the room and began the boratcha ritual on a pile of comfy pillows.

Seeing the couple in the corner doing their thing, I turned to Yashu and whispered in his ear, "If I hear the word boratcha tonight, you will be spending the evening with the healer. Do you understand?"

His reply came as a disgruntled grunt followed by a nod of his head.

Yashu sat on a pile of pillows in between two of the couples. He took me by the hand and gave me a guiding pull and as I began to take my place next to him, he tried to pull me onto his lap. With the grace of a cat I foiled his plan and plopped down on the pillows next to him. As I sat beside him and watched the other couples play, I thought we should not sit there like a couple of ice cubes. I moved my right hand to Yashu's muscular thigh and began to massage it gently. When it seemed that he was opening up to me and beginning to relax, I tried to slip my hand up under his tunic, but my advance was rebuffed and my hand was pushed away.

This was getting very frustrating so I returned my hand to his leg, as I knew that he would allow me to do that at least. As my hand rested on his thigh, one of Yashu's friends suggested that we both get naked and join the rest of the group. This brought similar encouraging words from the rest of the group, even the girl in the corner who was getting boratched into next week.

I moved my hand to Yashu's face and caressed his cheek, then moved my hands to assist him off with his tunic. Once again, he took my hands in his and stopped me. He moved my hands to the hem of my dress and asked undress first.

At this point I knew that there was some sort of power play going on here. Never before had I known of any man that fought so hard to keep from getting naked in front of a girl that wanted to pounce on him and have her way sexually. I told Yashu that I would remove my dress if he would remove his tunic and shirt first. 

He stood begrudgingly and removed his shirt and tunic, and I was quite impressed by his muscular chest and tight washboard abs. I reached down and tucked my curled fingers under the hem of my dress and lifted it off in one smooth motion, exposing my toned slender body to Yahsu and his friends. I moved against Yashu and ran my hands over his tight manly chest. My fingertips caressed his warm skin then moved in circles around his pink nipples. His hands reached for mine and gripped my wrists and guided my hands away from his body. It was then one of the men in the room remarked, "I can barely see her breasts, does she have any?"

Then the same man's companion chimed in with, "Hey Yashu, I was bigger than her when I was ten."

Obviously she was I thought to myself as her big sagging breasts looked like two sausages that had been run over by a steamroller. I so wanted to reply but I kept my composure and remained silent as far as she was concerned but I did whisper to Yashu so that only he could hear, "I had one very special night planned for you, and you have done your best to sabotage everything that I have tried to do to bring you pleasure."

Yashu stammered a bit as I talked, and at this point I think he realized that any thing that he had planned had gone out the window.

I continued with, "I am going back to my suite in the castle, I will leave word with the guards to escort you to my room. However, if you are going to continue to act like an ass toward me, do not bother coming."

I slipped my dress over my head and began to make my way toward the entrance to the alcove when a hand reached up and gripped my wrist. At first I thought it was Yashu having a change of heart, but it was instead one of his friends who held me tight. He tugged at my wrist and told me that everything was fine and that I was welcome to sit with him and his woman. He was trying hard to pull me down onto his lap as I tried to pull away. Finally he stood up to face me and made a grab for my free arm. I pulled my arm away from his attempt to secure it and as he held on tightly to my wrist, I looked him in the eyes and commanded, "Let go now!"

I was not expecting such a reply but when I heard, "What are you going to do about it?" ringing in my ears, I just smirked moved my free hand to his hand that was holding mine. I moved my hand to his hand and placed my thumb in the center of the eight carpis bones that makes up the carpel tunnel area of the wrist. I pressed my short nail and the tip of my thumb in as hard as I could until I felt his grip on my arm loosen. Once my wrist was free I used my grip on his wrist to push harder and bend his hand backwards. The confident look on his face was gone and was replaced by a mask of pain as his free hand pawed at my controlling hand. I pushed even harder, my thumb sinking even deeper into the nerve bundle and as I bent his hand back even farther, the big man dropped to his knees in front of me.

I looked down as I kept a death grip on his wrist and kept him in a state of agony. My eyes met his again and I asked, "If I let you go, are you going to behave?"

His head nodded furiously and he blurted out, "YESSSSSSS."

It was then that I release my grip on him. Immediately his free hand went to comfort his injured hand. I assured him that the damage was not permanent and that the feeling would return shortly. With that said I slipped my feet into my sandals and headed for the exit. Instead of Yashu coming with me, he went to check on his friend. That pretty much told me what I needed to know.

I descended the stairs, passed through the bathing and washing areas then exited to the street. It was a short walk to my quarters and even though things had gone so horribly, Yashu seemed a nice guy when we were alone together. I left word with the guards that he could be escorted to my quarters if he did decide to show up, but in the back of my mind I knew that he probably would not show up.

When I got inside my quarters I lit a few candles, stripped off my dress, let down my hair and slipped into my comfy sleep shirt. You remember the one that I had swiped from Sir William so long ago. Well, it was worn in now and very comfortable and great for lounging around in. I took out a brush and started working on my hair. It had been a while since it had a good brushing. Its not like there was much else to do other than to tend to my grooming and ponder on how things went so horribly wrong tonight. 

I was just about finished tending to my hair when there was an unexpected knock at the door. I set my brush down and moved toward the door. As I slid the latch back the guard said, "You have a visitor ma'am" and when I opened the door, there was Yashu standing there next to the guard with a small jug of wine in his hand.

I opened the door and thanked the guard, then invited Yashu in. I went into a tirade about how unacceptable his actions were this evening and that he should apologize and explain what all the drama was about.

Yashu apologized for his actions and the actions of his friends. He told me that they had been giving him a hard time all day since he said that he was going to meet me this evening. They rode him hard about dating outside his race and that he would be better off with one of the tall buxom blonde serving girls from a tavern. He told them that they would change their minds once they had a chance to meet me, but he was afraid that they were unconvinced.

To which I added that neither they nor he ever gave me a chance to get comfortable and get to know his friends.

He admitted that this was true.

As we came to an agreement on how the evening was a disaster, I found a couple of cups that had been left for me and offered one to Yashu. He opened the jug and filled both of our cups. We sat on what could best be described as a sofa and talked. The longer we talked and the more of the wine we consumed, the closer we came together on the sofa. When the wine was gone I found myself with my bare legs drawn up under me snuggled up against Yashu with my hand loosening the buttons of his shirt. This time he allowed me to get my left hand on his chest and explore at will. I pushed his shirt back off his shoulders then lay my head against his chest, and in return I felt his head lean against mine. I was finally convinced that things were heading in the right direction.

I took his hand and guided it to my chest with my free hand and helped him to undo the buttons slowly. When my shirt was open I sat up, shrugged my shoulders and allowed the garment to slip free from my torso and slide down my arms, I then assisted Yashu in removing his shirt. I took his right hand and placed it on my left breast as I threw one leg over his lap, straddling his thighs. As I sat myself down I looked into his eyes and whispered, "This isn't so bad now is it?" I think I could have answered that question for him as I felt something rising between his legs and poking me in the thigh.

He stammered out, "no" as I started to gyrate my hips slowly, rubbing myself against the growing bulge in his trousers. I felt his breathing rate increase as a few moans of pleasure escaped his lips. I moved my lips towards his to kiss his lips but he turned away slowly, my lips found his ear instead. Not to be denied I moved my lips to his ear as I thought perhaps this is what he wanted. My tongue flicked out over his earlobe and twisted around as it followed the little ridges. His hips started to move now as he was rubbing himself against my bare little kitty, and as he rubbed against me, I could see that my little kitty was nice and wet as I was leaving a nice little wet spot on the front of his trousers.

We were both getting quite turned on now as he was finally responding better to my advances and such. I opened my mouth and took part of his earlobe into my mouth and sucked on it, then let my teeth graze his skin every so slightly as I let it slip through my lips. For this I was rewarded with being dumped on my firm little rump as he quickly stood up and dumped me on the floor. His hand was at his ear and from what I could tell he was checking for blood. "You bit my ear!" he bellowed in my direction.

I apologized and assured him that I did not mean to bite him and this was the way that love play is done in my culture. The way he was checking his ear had me wondering that if cat girl had not appeared for a second and tried to snack on him without me realizing. I think at this point we had arrived at a boratcha moment but he knew I would have none of that, so he extended his hand and helped me up to my feet. I leaned against him and hooked my leg behind his to bring my little mound up against his thigh. He was too tall for me to get my lady bits next to his manly bits without his hands supporting my butt. I did my best to let him know how much I was turned on and I moved my lips back to his bare skin. Once again I started sucking softly on his skin, but the moment my teeth touched his skin, he would pull away.
