 Memoirs of Kitty Siam – General Failure.

I did my best to entice my Prince to play some more but unfortunately I had worn out the majestic Royal penis. I have to confess that I too was a bit worn too but not out of the game. I was tempted to ask if I could borrow a whip so I could go down to the dungeon to play naughty jailer with Yashu and the other prisoners but I assumed that such a request would be in poor taste after spending the morning sweating up the Prince and leaving Kitty stains on the Prince's fine meeting table.

I climbed up on the Prince's lap and I was just about to wiggle my little butt in and get comfy when there was a knock at the door and a male voice calling for the Prince. The Prince had scheduled a meeting with his senior staff and was not keeping track of the time while the needy little Kitty distracted him. 

Prince Vartak instructed his scribe that he would be running a little late as we both scrambled to get our clothing on and make our selves presentable. He apologized to me for having to usher me out the back door of his quarters and I understood that an unkempt Kitty doing the medieval walk of shame through his waiting room with his scribes and such assembled there would not be a proper thing to do. As I was hurriedly fixing my hair and adjusting my dress, the Prince told me that he had never in his forty-seven years had such a wonderful time with a woman. What he said next really shocked me. Him being the Prince and all could have commanded my presence to do it all over again any time he wanted, but with a slight tremble in his voice he asked if I would accompany him to dinner this evening as he had a late meeting with several of the Lords. He assured me that this was a social even and that I would be his date for the evening, not his bodyguard.

I told him that I would be honored to accompany him as his guest but I would look after his sexy Princely body also.

That brought a chuckle from him as we both parted. I was surprised when he hugged me softly and bid me well. As I left he instructed me to get some rest and that we would talk more before dinner.

I agreed and left though the back door as the Prince had asked. As I made my way down the hallway to my room I could not help but wonder who was going to clean up the Kitty tracks on the table and hoped that the Prince would not be serving his guests lunch there without a thorough scrubbing.

When I got back to my quarters I found Teela sitting on my bed, her back propped up by my pillows squashed up against the headboard. As I closed the door I heard her playful words, "Good morning slut!"

I guess she too recognized the walk of shame or perhaps Lord Tausin had told her what was going on. It really did not matter as we both broke out laughing immediately, though my cheeks did tinge a slight pink. I was about to start washing up from the water keg that had been supplied but Teela suggested that we both go the private bath a few floors below us. She assured me that there would be no drama there as the room was only available to honored guests and those living full time in this wing. 

I nodded and collected up a few things then followed her out the door. Along the way we spoke generally as to what had happened the previous night as she was worried that I had left without letting her know where I was going to or why.

I explained the whole story to her about Yashu and told her that I had no clue as to what was going on with all that drama.

She just explained that it was Royal Court politics as usual. She said that Lord Tosk's brother was in line for the Lordship that was granted to Lord Tausin, which would have also meant a promotion for Yashu. The whole evening was designed to make me look bad in public, but instead it made Yashu look like the fool he is when I would not take the bait and left. She said that his filing formal charges against me was a last ditch effort for him to save face in front of his peers.

We changed topics once we reached the door to the bath. We entered and were greeted by the young female attendant on duty. The bath that we had entered was female only, the male bath was next door and there was a small common area where male and female could bathe together in the middle. We were given towels and escorted to an area away from the few other women that were there. They were older women and I assumed that they were here with the other visiting Lords. I asked who they were and Teela did not know, but she did recognize one of them that had been traveling with Lady Matta. My curiosity began to rise when I noticed that she was not wearing a collar, but I decided against asking Teela about her.

We tipped the attendant as Teela indicated that this was the proper thing to do before we stripped down and settled into the water of a small pool set aside on our end of the room for washing. We made use of the soap that the attendant left for us and like we usually did, we washed each other head to toe paying very special attention to our hair. I think I turned a deep shade of red when her hand moved between my legs to wash my bald little well used kitty. She said we have to get this really clean after a hard morning of play.

I cautioned her that more play of that sort was still needed which caused her to giggle and playfully rub a little harder. I closed my eyes and stuck my tongue out at her and that is when she dumped a bucket of rinse water over my head. I guess the two of us acting like two typical teens got the attention of the older women at the other end of the room since they all turned their heads and stared at us for a few minutes. I could see their lips moving as they looked in our direction, but I could not hear what they were saying even with my finely tuned feline hearing.

We rinsed each other off then moved to the soaking pool, which was the same pool that the older ladies were in. Teela and I began talking about the morning's events, though I did not go into detail about being boratchaed by the Prince. I told Teela that the Prince had asked me to dinner with him this evening and explained the invitation as best I could, though I was not sure myself what to expect.

Teela suggested that I dress conservatively in one of the white dresses like she and I had worn before but said that I should pick out my best white dress. She offered to lend me one if I did not have a really good one to wear but warned that it would probably look like a tent on me given our size difference. With that said she playfully arched her back and stuck out her much larger breasts to tease me.

I assured her that I had something special that I could wear, though it was not made of the same materiel that I had seen the other girls wearing.

She nodded and gave me the run down on how to behave in the presence of the Lords and Ladies as there would probably be a few of those at dinner Teela assumed.

I had been trained on how to deal with heads of corporations and heads of state, as part of my duties with Mister Drax would have been transporting them to and from meetings with my owner. I let her know that I would be on my best behavior and that I would try really hard not to kill any of them.

Teela bust out laughing which brought a snort from one of the older ladies at the end of the pool, and when we turned in the direction of the snort, they were all glaring at us.

After an hour or so we had had enough soaking in the warm water. We exited the pool and dried each other off, and once again the older ladies were looking at us. I was tempted to tell them that they had better get out of the water before they pruned up, but I think some of them were pruned by age already. I was nice instead of catty, I smiled to them and waved as we exited the bath and returned to my room.

The two of us prattled on as we made our way back to my room. Teela came in for a while and we continued to discuss the news of the day. The first of the new bows that Lord Tausin was having made were delivered and he had made a gift of the first one to Teela. She was so happy with the gift and went on and on about the two of us going hunting together. We had been honing her archery skills in the privacy of his garden whenever we could find time. We were trading some of our skills with each other; she was teaching me to ride a horse and I was teaching her how to use the bow. We were both getting good at our newly acquired skills and were beginning to combine them, and just like the ancient Hun and Mongols of Earth we could ride and shoot at the same time. Ok, neither of us were Genghis Khan or Attila The Hun, but we could hit a human sized target nailed to a tree at a moderate gallop seven out of ten tries.

Teela was anxious to try out her new bow in the garden, and this is when we parted ways for the afternoon. We hugged as she left and once she was on her way down the hall I went to the mirror and started playing with the wardrobe bracelet to try and come up with the perfect look for this evening. I went through countless combinations and finally found the right look for the evening. Since it was still early I thought I would take a little nap after the workout I had with the Prince in the morning. I saved my outfit and accessory selection then removed it. Once naked I changed into feline form and pounced on the bed and curled up into a big black ball of fur. I do not know why but I found that I slept better this way than I did when I was in human form. Perhaps it was because in feline form I had my own set of built in weapons in case I was disturbed in my sleep.

I awoke to the sound of a female voice and a loud thumping coming through my door. My instincts were to callout, "one minute please", but all that came out was a loud growl. I quickly realized what I had done and changed back into human form. I was about to try that again but from the sounds of running feet in the hallway, it appeared that my visitor had fled. 

I sat on the bed and began running a brush though my hair in preparation for the Prince. As I focused on my hair my mind went over all the possibilities for the evening, the door burst open and in rushed two of the castle guards with their swords drawn. I dropped my brush and stood up naked then assumed a stance in preparation to defend myself. Behind the guards I could see the head of one of the Prince's assistants popping up behind the big burly men.

Once I realized that they meant me no harm I quickly wrapped a towel around me as they stuttered and stammered through and apology. The Prince's assistant apologized as well and confessed that the mistake was hers in that she thought she had heard a wild animal inside my room.

My mind went into overdrive trying to come back with a quick response to explain the noise she heard, and I giggled to myself when I realized that she would never believe that the noise was just a really loud fart coming from Teela's room next door. I decided to play dumb and tell the trio that I was napping and did not hear a thing. The guards asked if they could check out the other two rooms of my quarters and I nodded and stepped out of the way so that they could do their job.

The guards made a quick sweep of my quarters then confirmed what I knew that they would find... absolutely nothing. They thanked me for letting them search and apologized for the bother that they had caused me.

I thanked them for looking after me as they left. The Prince's assistant stayed for a few minutes and said that the Prince was running late and would call for me in about an hour and that I should be ready. She suggested that I wear my best white dress for the evening.

I told her that I would be ready, thanked her for her suggestion, then went back to fixing my hair as she left and closed the door.

Using the wardrobe bracelet I conjured up a off white silk sleeveless Chinese Cheongsam style dress with a narrow one inch Mandarin collar, the Velcro closure well hidden along a soft fold running between the neck and across the top of the right shoulder giving the dress a look that would leave the people of this culture wondering how I was able to put it on. The dress was ankle length but slit modestly up the right side to my upper thigh. There was enough wrap around to give it a conservative look for the occasion, but would show just enough leg as I walked to keep the men looking for more. As I looked at myself in the full length mirror, I noticed that the contrast between the white silk and my honey colored skin made the look all that more exotic. 

I chose a comfortable pushup bra and panty set that matched my skin tone that was made of a high tech blended fabric that would show no lines and would give no sign that I was wearing anything under my thin silk dress. Another look in the mirror confirmed that my small firm mango sized breasts looked more like ripe oranges with the assistance of my undergarment created by modern science.

I did not totally leave my weapons at home as I braided my long black hair then wrapped it up in a tight spiral at the back of my head then secured it to the back of two metal throwing spikes with foot long decorative matching off white silk ribbons that hung down past my shoulder to the middle of my back. As for my shoes, I chose a pair of off white leather sandals with four inch spiked heels. I was concerned about the height of the heels and the prospects of having to walk on the rough coble stone streets, but I figured that I would be with the Prince and I doubted that we would be walking to our destination.

For the first time since I had been on this planet I was able to fix my face properly, not that I wore much makeup before I got here either. I did not over do it, just a thin base, a little power, a touch of eye shadow and eye liner and I was done. I topped my outfit off with a thin silk and lace shawl, then changed the color of the wardrobe bracelet to off white to match my outfit and was ready to go when heard a knock at the door.

When I opened the door, there was the Prince in the hallway with his four guards on loan to his security detail from Lord Tausin. The Prince stood there in silence for a few seconds as he looked me over, and for an instant there I thought that his jaw was going to drop and he was going to start drooling. His hand reached out and brushed against my cheek softly, then his fingertips lightly traveled down my long neck and ran over the top of my soft silk clad shoulder. The whole time his blue eyes were locked on mine. I fought back the urge to blush as he complimented me on my beauty, then went on to tell me how he was amazed at my transformation from assassin to a beautiful goddess. I lost it then and I could feel my face heating up and was thankful that the light coating of makeup that I wore would hide the change in the color of my cheeks.

I thanked him for his kind words and then the Prince offered me his arm as a gentleman would. I hooked my arm around his and down the hall we went. We made small talk about our morning activities, and about how he saw the evening progressing. We were to have dinner at the summer estate of Lord Litch. After dinner the men would leave for their meeting, and that the topic of the meeting tonight was the defense of Kreet.

The Prince went on to say that after dinner was finished, there would be a special guest there that he wanted me to talk to. He was aware that I had made a request earlier through Lord Tausin to speak with someone that knew of the invaders from the South. Prince Vortak had made arrangements for me to spend the rest of the evening with Ambassador Smett from Na'Tal.

I thanked him for inviting me to dinner and for setting up the meeting. I teased him respectfully for saving me from an evening of Royal Court gossip, which brought a deep laugh from my Prince.

As expected when we got to the estate of Lord Litch the men came to attention at the entrance of the Prince and we walked the receiving line of Lords and Ladies. The Lords did their best not to let their Ladies noticed how much they were checking out the Prince's date, but the Ladies let me know that they knew by the graceful scowls that they shot my way when they knew that their Lords were not looking. Oh how I wanted to just reach out and slap the face of the meanest looking woman there just to send a message. Of course I did not do that and was on my best behavior. 

We passed through the greeting line that was arranged by rank and privilege within the Royal Court and at the end of the line was an old man perhaps in his middle to late sixties wearing an old faded uniform that had seen better days. Across his chest was a golden colored sash with a four inch gold star holding the two ends of the sash together as it looped over his back. I would find out later that the sash was what designated this man as an ambassador. He took my hand and kissed it softly as Prince Vortak introduced him as Ambassador Smett.

I expressed my pleasure to meet him and told him that I look forward to talking to him later, he smiled at me but it was a guarded smile.

He said it would be his pleasure to speak with me, but cautioned me that what I hear from him might not bring me much comfort or solace, and that perhaps at my tender age I should not worry myself with the tales that he was prepared to tell.

I told him that I understood but still welcomed the opportunity to speak with him about such urgent matters.

He gave me an honest unguarded smile of pleasure this time and kissed my hand again.

Dinner went well, though there was not much of the conversation that I could join in on. After a while the Ladies started to warm up to me and we began discussing my dress and there were many comments made about the contrast between my silk and their linen dresses. Though their dresses were muted in color like the ones that Teela and I had seen in the shops, the quality of their dresses was much higher. I explained how silk was made and most of the ladies at one time or another touched the silk to see how soft it really was. I did not know if I made any friends at the dinner table, but I knew that I did not make any enemies either, so I chalked up dinner as a win for me.

After dinner the men took their drinks and went into the Great Room, and the women retired to another smaller room down the hall from the men. Before he left the Prince took me by the arm and escorted me to Ambassador Smett and asked him to look after his lovely lady for a few hours.

The Ambassador said that he would take good care of me and educate me well.

Prince Vortak winked at me and cautioned me to keep my clothes on as he turned smartly and walked off to his meeting. 

The Ambassador laughed and offered me his arm and said that even in his younger days he would have sold his soul for a night with an exotic beauty such as myself.

I smiled to my Prince, thanked the Ambassador for his kind words, then took the Ambassador's offered arm and let him escort me to a small library down the hall and near the room where the Ladies had gathered. 

The Ambassador closed the door and locked it behind us, and then he escorted me to a sofa in the center of the room and offered me a seat. I sat first, and then he joined me. He poured two cups of wine from a jug left on the end table and offered one of them to me. I accepted and we drank a toast to new friendships, and then we got down to business.

He began by reintroducing himself as General Smett, and informed me that he was the former General of the Army of Na'Tal, and that due to his failures in battle against the army of the Ishtan; he was removed from his command and sent to Kreet as an ambassador.

It was unfortunate that the battles were lost under his command I said and then I asked him to tell me about the enemy.

The enemy was the Ishtan he said and that from what he could tell that they were a race bred for battle. The Ishtan army is made up of men and women, and the women are just as vicious and blood thirsty as the men when it come to battle. The men and women of the Ishtan army towered over the men under his command by six inches or more and appeared to be solid muscle.
