 Showered and dress, Mina in her dress whites and Kevin in a black suit, blue tie this time they both went down to the tele-portal room and walked into the Oval Office to find the President, and the First Lady, their son seated at the President's desk, the Chief of Staff and his wife waiting for them. 

"Has there been a coup?" Kevin asked seeing David behind the desk. 

"So good to see you again, Mr. President," Mina said with a bright smile, looking at David and he giggled. "Are you are ready for dinner?" 

David leapt from the chair and jumped into her arms and snuggled her deeply. Mina just held him and rocked in place relishing the feel of the child against her. 

"I swear, I am so jealous, he never snuggles me like that anymore." The First Lady said with a wistful smile as she stroked the child's hair. 

"I think we are all here and ready." The President said and Mina waved at the bookcase and touched the spot behind her ear. The bookcase dissolved and the metal room of the ship appeared and Mina led the party through the opening and to her ship. 

The President only hesitated briefly before following Mina and Kevin through only to find that it was no different than walking through a human door on Earth. Mina put David down and held his hand as she led her party through the ship, pointing out different areas and labs for science and research. 

They arrived at the formal dining room and Mina led them in and indicated the seating arrangements by the name cards at each place. The table was covered with snow white linen and gold edged plates, cut crystal goblets and a very decorative flower arrangement. Soft music from earth drifted from concealed speakers and the smell from the kitchen was divine. 

"I hope that Chicken Marsalis is acceptable for everyone?" Mina asked only to have David wrinkle up his nose. "Don't worry buddy," she whispered to him. "I got you covered." As soon as they were seated, stewards came out and served the salad and then the main course. David's eyes widened as he saw the size of the cheeseburger that was placed in front of him, and he gave Mina a hug. 

"He will never finish that," his mother commented. "It is bigger than he is." 

"Don't worry about it." Mina said smiling, watching David try to figure out how to attack the burger. 

The dinner conversation was mostly about the upcoming worldwide announcement and how that would proceed, but nothing was finalized. Three hours later, following a monstrous piece of chocolate cake for David and after dinner drinks for the adults Mina and Kevin walked their party down to the tele-portal room and bid them good night, one of the secret service agents was carrying a very sleepy David. 

Kevin and Mina went back to their cabin and relaxed as he had another drink. 

"This is getting more complicated by the minute." He said looking down into his scotch. "I mean I am not geared for all this high power politics. I think I would be better off having people shoot at me again on the street." 

"I can have a couple of the security staff start taking pot shots at you if you wish." Mina said with dark smile. 

"No thanks, they don't miss." Kevin told her. "Come on, it's time for bed." He put down his scotch and reached for her hand when the intercom sounded. 

"Captain here," Mina responded. 

"Captain, we are receiving a message from the palace, the First Mistress wishes to speak to you." The XO said. 

"Just one second XO." Mina said pulling her jacket back on and Kevin put his own coat back on and straightened his tie. "Pipe it down here XO." 

The screen on the wall behind the desk lit and the image of regal creature much older than Mina, but still just as beautiful looked out at them. She was grey haired and wore a severe cut black dress. 

"Captain, report," she said imperiously as soon as the image stabilized. 

"Mistress," Mina responded formally and bowed. Kevin remained silent and stayed behind her. "I can report success on our mission. We have indeed found a race that we can breed with in order to save our people. At this time I and almost twenty of my crew are currently with young." 

"Excellent Captain, this will make the council very pleased and I think I can safely say that it will also earn you a flag rank." 

"Mistress, you honor me." Mina bowed again. 

"Is this one of your specimens?" She asked looking at Kevin. Kevin stiffened and saw Mina flinch. 

"No Mistress, there has been an unforeseen complication in the mission as assigned by the council." 

"What complication?" The older woman demanded. "I can see that you have it collared and leashed, what is the problem." Kevin stepped forward and started to speak when his implant flashed a warning. 

'Do not speak to the First Mistress.' He heard Mina say in his head. 'I will handle this.' 

"Mistress, this is not a specimen or a pet." 

"Explain yourself Captain." The First Mistress demanded sharply. Kevin saw Mina take a deep breath. 

"Mistress, this is the Ambassador to our people from a major government of this planet and...my mate." Mina said in very small voice. Kevin bowed just as deeply as Mina had, unsure of what else to do. 

"Your WHAT," shrieked the First Mistress. "Captain have you lost your mind? Your mission was to obtain breeding stock to keep our race alive, not too..." 

"Please First Mistress..." Mina tried to speak but Kevin could see that she wasn't succeeding. 

"First Mistress, may I be allowed to speak." Kevin asked calmly. 

"It speaks to us?" The First Mistress gasped. Mina turned and looked him in fear. 

"Yes First Mistress, I request the privilege of speaking with you." Kevin said formally. 

"No mere slave may speak to us. Captain what is the meaning of this foolishness. You were sent out to find breeding stock." 

"I understand that Mistress, but these people are sentient and intelligent. It would be wrong to enslave them." 

"Nothing done to ensure the survival of our race can be considered wrong." The First Mistress looked livid. "You do not set policy Captain, and I use that title for the moment. You are the instrument of policy for the council." 

"Please allow me to explain Mistress." Mina pleaded. "The people of this planet..." 

"They are not people." The First Mistress exploded. "We are the only people." 

"No Mistress," Kevin said firmly. "We are indeed a people, perhaps not as advanced as your civilization, but still a people." 

"Captain, you will keep that slave quiet or I will have it executed." 

"Mistress, Kevin is not my slave." Mina said with some strength. "He is my mate and the father of my children." 

"You dare clam that thing as a mate?" The First Mistress sounded shocked. 

"I claim him as an equal." Mina said standing straight and looking at the First Mistress directly for the first time. 

"Captain you are relieved of duty." The First Mistress said sharply and cut the connection. 

"Well now we have done it." Mina said dejectedly, turning sharply on Kevin. "I said I would handle it and you weren't to speak to her." 

"Sorry about that." Kevin said, "but you looked like you needed a little back up." 

"Captain to the bridge," the intercom announced. 

"Think that still means you?" Kevin asked with a small smile. 

"Yes, that was the XO and she means me. Come on." Mina led the way out of their quarters and to the lift, projecting the calm captain but Kevin could see her quietly fretting all the way. Together they stepped out of the lift on the bridge to see the First Mistress glaring out of the screen at them. 

"What is going on in that ship of yours?" She demanded as soon as they were on the bridge. "I cannot find a single officer aboard who will follow orders." 

"And which orders would that be?" Mina asked casually, already suspecting the answer. 

"The order that someone take over for the disgraced Captain," the First Mistress screamed. 

Mina moved confidently down to her command chair and sat with a casual grace and Kevin moved in to stand beside her. 

"Is that so," Mina said mildly, "shocking this disobedience." 

"Captain I will have you executed upon your return if you don't come to your senses." The First Mistress ranted. 

"First Mistress, I respectfully request to discuss this issue with the full council," Mina said confidently, "prior to my doing anything with this ship." 

"Are you giving my orders Captain?" The First Mistress seethed. 

"No Mistress, simply requesting." Mina said sitting calmly. 

"Very well, stand by." The screen blanked and then relit five minutes later showing a large conference room, paneled in wood and a large group of Mina's people seated staring up at the pickup. "It would take several decos to recall the full council Captain, but the working quorum will hear you out until then." It was not the First Mistress speaking but another councilor near the head of the table. The First Mistress was still almost purple with rage. 

"Thank you Mistress." Mina said formally. "Council members, I am pleased to report a measure of success in the mission you have assigned me." At soft rustle of murmurs ran around the table. "At this moment, I and twenty of my crew are currently with child." The XO tapped Mina on the shoulder and handed her a memo board. "It seems that the number should be twenty five members of my crew. All of the young are healthy and appear that they will be able to reproduce at will upon their maturity." This time the mumbling was louder and obviously pleased. 

"However, I regret to inform you that we are unable to return with breeding stock for our planet." 

"What seems to be the problem Captain?" One of the councilors questioned, this one had pale yellow hair. 

"She and rest of her crew have mutinied." The First Mistress screamed. 

"We have discovered that this race is not a race of simple animals to be bred from and penned up at night like so many gathruns, but they are an intelligent sentient species capable of much." 

"Including the leashed specimen beside you?" Kevin looked down at his tie and realized that that is what they meant; he pulled the tie off and unbuttoned the top button of his shirt. 

"This is Kevin Jacobs, United States Ambassador, father of my children and my mate." Mina said proudly. 

The council froze at her statement and looked at Kevin closely. 

"You would claim this outsider as mate?" This time the question came from a tawny haired member. 

"You see what has happened on that ship." The First Mistress shrieked. "I want the entire crew put to death for gross disobedience." 

"Captain, your orders were to obtain breeding stock for us to ensure our survival." The first member interrupted the First Mistress who seethed at the head of the table. "Can you explain yourself?" 

"Yes Councilor, instead of finding a race that we could breed with and just take what we want, we have found a race of sentient beings willing to help us restore our race. As such it would be improper to enslave them. Do not our own laws prohibit making slaves of people?" 

"But they are not of the people." The First Mistress screamed. 

"They are not of our people, true, but they are still a people." Mina countered. 

"Blasphemy," she screamed again and the screen went blank. 

Kevin turned to Mina, "Was it something I said?" Several of the bridge crew giggled as the tension abated. 

"You are not helping." Mina said with a smile. 

"What now?" 

"If I may Captain," the XO interrupted. "The com is still live and active, only the council's end was blanked." 

"Then we wait," Mina said settling into her seat and the rest of the crew focused on their duties. Within a few minutes the screen re-lit and the council reappeared seated at the table, but the First Mistress was missing. 

"Captain, it seems to have fallen to me to continue with this discussion. The First Mistress has collapsed." The tawny haired councilor said. 

"I pray that she heals quickly." Mina said solemnly. 

"Indeed," the councilor replied. "Now about this creature that you have claimed as a mate..." 

Kevin stepped forward and bowed deeply, he had used the time they were waiting wisely and had done a quick check with the records computer on protocol and had prepared an introduction. 

"Mistresses of the council, I beg your forgiveness and crave your indulgence that I may address this most illustrious body at this time." He heard the bridge crew gasp as he used the formal phrasing of their people and saw Mina out of the corner of his eye. The blood had drained from her face as he spoke. 

"Well phrased," the tawny councilor said, "it is apparent that you have done some research into our customs. What do you wish to say?" 

"Forgive me Mistress, but I am unable to pronounce your proper names. I am Kevin Jacobs, Mistress, your Captain has indeed made contact with several governments of my planet and soon we will be announcing to our people at large that contact with life from another planet has been made. Currently there are twenty of my people aboard with their mates. At Captain Mina's request, we have begun supplying sperm for insemination of her crew. While the twenty of us are probably quite capable of supplying all that you need, it would be best for both of our peoples to use as wide a base as possible." 

"Genetically speaking, that would be best." The councilor agreed. "Captain...Mina as you call her said that you are the Ambassador of the United States?" 

Kevin looked at Mina and blushed. He still had problems with that title. 

"Yes Mistress, the leader of my country appointed me recently as Ambassador to your people." 

"Well that will make it easier to only have to deal with one of you." 

"Your pardon Mistress, but I am only the Ambassador for my country." Kevin said. "I don't know what arrangements have been made for the other countries." 

"Countries?" questioned the blonde haired Mistress. 

"This planet is not governed by a single council Mistress." Mina interrupted. "There are several geo-political entities controlling sections of the planet." 

"Sounds most inefficient," muttered one of the other councilors. 

"It can be most times." Kevin agreed with a wry grin. "However, it is the only system that we know. Now that we have made contact with your people, I hope that a new era of cooperation, not just with you, but within our own people as well, will begin." 

"Well said Mr. Ambassador." The tawny Mistress said. "We will have to deliberate this change Captain. Despite her rather vociferous way of putting it, the First Mistress was correct in that you have disobeyed your orders and brought complications that we did not consider. However, after speaking with Ambassador Jacobs, I personally feel that you did the correct thing, but what happens now is not my private decision. The council will contact you in twelve decos with a decision about your future with the fleet. In the meantime, forward the database on this world and its inhabitants for study." 

The screen blanked and Mina turned to the XO who nodded. "Communications closed Captain." 

"Very well, XO you have the bridge." Mina said standing up and heading towards the bridge lift, Kevin followed. "And forward the information that we have collected that the council wants immediately." Mina gave her first officer a very telling look and the XO nodded in understanding. 

"Aye Captain, I have the bridge." The XO replied formally, settling into the captain's chair. 

They made their way back to their quarters in silence. Kevin picked up his now watery scotch and swallowed it in one gulp before getting a second. Mina paced the room trying to work off the excess energy she felt. 

"Well that was interesting." Kevin said sipping his second drink. 

"Don't you start getting funny now," Mina threatened. "At least you can have a drink to settle your nerves, I can't even do that." The door chime sounded and Mina fumed. "Oh what now, come in." 

The door parted and the doctor walked in with a bottle and two glasses in her hand. 

"Good evening Captain, Ambassador, I thought you might need something to take the edge off." 

"Doctor, I can't," Mina said rubbing her still flat tummy. 

"This won't hurt your young Captain, and after that meeting, you need something or you will worry yourself into a worse state, and that may harm the young." The Doctor poured some of the bright green into each glass and handed one to Mina and toasted with the other. "Sorry Ambassador, but your physiology won't accept this." 

"No problem Doctor, I'm good with this." Kevin said hoisting his own glass. 

"Captain, may I suggest that after this drink, you settle down and get some sleep." The Doctor advised. "It is already into night shift and you only have twelve decos before the council comms back." 

"I couldn't possible sleep now Doctor, but after this, I may lie down for a little while." Mina said, drinking the green liquid in one shot. 

"I would recommend it," the Doctor said putting her untouched drink down, as Mina dropped her glass and collapsed onto the sofa. 

"That took less time than I thought." The Doctor said with mild interest. "Help me get her to bed." 

Kevin slipped an arm under Mina's legs and picked her up off the sofa and carried her into their bedroom and gently laid her down. The Doctor covered her up and checked her pulse. 

"She should sleep about eight decos and wake up angrier than a stepped on Carlothian sand tick." The Doctor said walking out to the sitting room and gathering up her equipment. 

"Doctor, one more thing, I need to set up a search in the database and a sleep teaching session, can you help me with the parameters." Kevin asked. 

"No problem, here..." She sat with him at the table and showed him how to set up the criteria and then the run time. 

Kevin sat on the sofa after the Doctor left and ran through the search program that he set up and then did a little research on his own. After about two hours, he stripped off his clothes and crawled into bed with Mina, spooned in behind her and drifted off to sleep. 

He awoke to a sudden thrashing in his arms and he twisted away from the hard elbow that caught him in the ribs. 

"I'll kill her." Mina snarled, reaching for the bedside comm. 

"What are you talking about?" Kevin asked sitting up and rubbing his side. 

"The Doctor, she drugged me." Mina said sharply. "Did you put her up to this?" 

"Whoa, not me, I had nothing to do with this." Kevin said, holding up both hands. "I just carried you in here after you dropped." Mina gave him a dark look. "When would I have had time? I was with you from before dinner till she came in." 

Mina's expression softened. "Your right, I'm sorry," she said contritely. "What did you do after you put me to bed?" 

"Well, after I untied the Doctor and sent her home with my seed dripping down her..." Kevin ducked as a pillow was flung at him. "After I put you to bed, I asked the Doctor to help me set up a database search and a sleep teaching program." He pulled Mina too him. 

"I'm sorry she drugged you, but I am glad of the result." He said nuzzling her neck. "You needed the rest." 

"I know," Mina said relaxing into his embrace. "It is just the way she did it." 

"You need to be rested and alert to deal with the council." Kevin said firmly. "You don't honestly believe last night was the end of this do you?" 

"I thought you hated politics." Mina said turning slightly to look at him. 

"I do, but that doesn't mean I don't understand it. The station was no different than this, everyone trying to cover their ass and build their own little empire." 

Mina kissed him, "my clever mate." 

"Come on," Kevin said after a deep kiss. "It's time for your workout, and mine too." Mina groaned. "If you want to keep up all these bedroom gymnastics, we both have to stay fit." 
