 The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few - Vulcan Proverb

The rest of the evening was uneventful. We had our bath at the river and socialized with a few other Ishtan that we met there. I was treated with respect and there was no drama of any kind. After our mutual bathing session we headed back to the tent. There were several fights after Imma and I had finished and I was told that the one on one contests went on until just about dawn. I cannot confirm that as I was tired and very sore which prompted me to turn in early. Ok, it was not that early. Imma had to return to her unit so Kenna and I took some time to get to know each other, that is until I fell asleep in the middle of our conversation.

In the morning when Imma came to collect me I was already awake and trying to do something about the black eye that I was sporting. Unfortunately I could not apply makeup to cover the bruise so the best I could do was a few cold compresses to try to reduce the swelling. It seemed that Imma was bruised in similar fashion, as her eye was nearly swollen shut. Had her skin not been dark brown I am sure that a similar bruise would be showing on her as well.

We skipped breakfast and headed back to the truce tent in the center of the battlefield. The Ishtan dead had all been removed and the field was clear, though the smoke from the bonfires could still be seen off in the distance. We took up our positions out side the tent and waited for the two Princes to return. While we had some time to wait I began to ponder how the Princes from Kreet and Ishtan continued their negotiations without my being there. After all, I was the only one that I knew of in Kreet that could speak and understand Ishtan.

When both Princes arrived with their Kreetin escort they fell in across from us and together both units formed a corridor for the Princes to walk. The princes walked together and passed through the assembled troops. Myself not being in uniform did not fall in with the soldiers of either side. They started with the Ishtan troops and on command they opened their ranks for the Princes to pass. They were almost done with inspecting the Ishtan troops with Prince Nassak stopped in front of Imma.

The Prince looked her over then his gaze landed upon her swollen eye, this is when he asked if she had been fighting again.

No My Prince she replied.

Prince Nassak then asked what had happened to her face.

The King declared Kanatae last night My Prince.

Very well the Prince said, and then the inspection continued.

When the Princes came to the end of the line I was standing by myself at the entrance to the tent, and of course this is when Prince Vartak noticed me. A stern look came over his face when he asked if I had been mistreated while at the Ishtan camp.

No My Prince I replied.

Then what happened he asked?

I explained that I had been taking part in an Ishtan ritual.

His eyebrow rose as he asked, "Did you do anything that I need to apologize for?"

No My Prince, no apologies necessary.

Prince Vartak nodded then joined Prince Nassak and entered the tent together. I followed both of them in and took up my position by the center of the table across from Ambassador Smett. I was prepared to begin my duties as translator when Prince Nassak began to speak in the language if the Na'Tal. I was surprised at this and realized that my translation skills would not be necessary when Prince Vartak replied back to Prince Nassak.

The conversation did not last long as they mostly confirmed the issues that they had agreed upon over drinks and dinner the previous night. Most of the conversation was diplomatic double speak but the main point of the agreement was that as of this meeting a truce between the two armies was in place and that additional details would be formally agreed to during another meeting this afternoon.

The meeting broke up after about an hour and we headed back to the castle and the Ishtan went back to their camp. Thankfully Teela brought my horse and saved me from having to walk back to the castle. My back was still hurting and I am sure that the walk would not have been a pleasant experience.

When we got back to the castle the Prince offered me time to bathe and get into some clean clothing and I took him up on his offer. When I returned we met in the Prince's quarters and he explained what had happened while I was at the Ishtan camp, and of course I went ahead and explained how Imma kicked my butt during the Kanatae ritual. That got a laugh out of him, which I suspected that he needed, given the grim look he had on his face since we met up this morning at the tent.

He nodded then went on to detail the bits of the meeting that involved me. He told me that it has been confirmed that the King had fallen in battle and that he was next in line to be King as soon as King's bones were returned. He told me that the Ishtan were in possession of the King's bones and that it was customary in Kreet for the former king to be laid to rest if possible before the new King could take the throne officially.

I confirmed to him that Shilka was alive and well and that I had seen her at the Kanatae ritual. 

The Prince went on to say that the negotiations went well and that all hostilities would cease immediately, but to secure the peace and the King's bones, a formal exchange of hostages was to take place as requested by the Ishtan under the Rantakki Accords. 

Under the Rantakki Accords, both sides sends an agreed upon hostage or hostages to the other country to ensure that nations or city states meet their obligations under the treaty that they have agreed to. The Ishtan agreed to send a Princess and demanded that in exchange they would keep Shilka and the Kreet would send me as well. I was told that Prince Vortak argued hard to get me off their request list, and to get Shilka back being that she was the consort to the king. Unfortunately the Ishtan would not budge an inch on this request. They did not give a reason for asking for me as a hostage, but they did state that Shilka was the property of a defeated King and was now the legal property of the Ishtan King .

I was shocked that this was their request, and was even more shocked that Prince Vortak agreed to it. I was really mad that I was being used as a pawn in all of this but I kept my words respectful and kept my composure. I knew that there was little that I could do knowing how important that it was to get the King's bones back and to have peace with the Ishtan.

I have to say that the term, "hostage" was not used in a negative way here, it was a diplomatic tool to be used to ensure that one nation did not renege on a promise or obligation entered into with another. By the Rantakki Accords the hostage period could last no longer than two years and for the period to be extended, both parties and the individual hostages needed to agree. Unfortunately in the initial stages of the hostage agreement, I had no say in the matter as long as my Prince commanded it.

The Prince did caution me that he believed that the Ishtan insistence on my being the hostage appeared to be a ploy to get me under their control where they could coerce me to provide plans for weapons and battle tactics that they could use in conquest of other countries. He warned me that I should be on the look out for this to happen and cautioned me that this is in direct violation of the Rantakki Accords however; there was no mechanism in place to police such violations.

My meeting with the Prince went on for over an hour. I was really depressed when I left his quarters, the bomb he dropped on me really crushed my spirits. I was joyous that there would be a lasting truce but at the same time I was being sent off to the enemy to be held captive. In my heart I knew that the Prince made the right decision for his nation, though it hurt me so much that I would have to leave him and the friends that I had made here in Kreet. I had to keep reassuring myself that the Prince had made the logical choice as the army of Kreet could not match the Ishtan on the open field and he needed time to field a better army. The treaty would keep the Ishtan out of Kreet for at least two years if the treaty was honored and he had to take that chance.

Since the exchange was to take place tomorrow at noon I spent the rest of the day with Lord Tausin, Teela, and several of my trusted Lieutenants. We had dinner together, and then joined in a few parties in celebration of the war being over. We all stayed out late and celebrated, and then as we parted we said our tearful goodbyes.

When I got back to my quarters after breakfast with my soon to be former unit, I set about packing up my meager belongings. I was not going to be openly carrying weapons so I stored them away in my wardrobe collar, but just as a safeguard I kept the two throwing spikes out and used them to pin my rolled up hair to the top of my head. 

I made sure that I stuffed enough clothing and personal items in my backpack to make it look like I was not destitute when I met up with my Ishtan keepers. For my final ride thought the gates of Kreet I dressed myself in brown denim pants, with matching knee high leather boots. Topping off my outfit was a black tank top and a short brown denim jacket that matched my pants. 

I slung my backpack over my shoulder then met up with Lord Tausin and several of my Lieutenants who were chosen to be our escort. I mounted my horse and we moved toward the castle gate. We were to meet the Ishtan on the road half way between the castle and the stone bridge and there the hostage exchange would be made. I was close to tears as I was having to leave my friends so suddenly, but when the gates opened and the draw bridge was lowered, the tears began to flow freely when I looked down the road that lead to the stone bridge.

There along the road toward the stone bridge were the assembled men and women of the First and Second Cavalry units who today were led by Prince Vartak. Though the Prince would not accompany me to make the exchange, he did assemble the troops and led them out to the road. The mounted horse soldiers were lined up next to each on both sides of the road other from the gates to the midpoint where we would meet the Ishtan. I continued wiping my eyes as we rode out and passed the assembled troops, and as we would pass each soldier in turn would raise his sword in salute. 

When we got to the exchange point I dismounted and introduced myself to the Ishtan Princess, and her Lady in Waiting introduced the Princess to me. By treaty we were allowed to bring one assistant, but I chose not to share my captivity with anyone and went alone where Princess Lalla chose otherwise. The Princess appeared to be in her early twenties, and I have to say that she did not appear to in good spirits either. She appeared quite agitated when I offered to help her up onto my horse for the ride to the castle gates. She refused my offer then her handmaiden spoke up and said that it was forbidden to touch the Princess. I was tempted to slap them both but decided not to make a scene that would cause me to lose face.

I just shrugged and handed the reins of my horse to Lord Tausin. We said our farewells then sadly I turned and walked off down the road toward the bridge with my Ishtan escort. I turned back now and then to look over my shoulder to see my friends and comrades getting smaller in the distance and as I watched the Princess walking behind Lord Tausin's horse, I was hoping that the Princess would have a manure moment and realize that she should have accepted my offer to ride the horse instead of walk behind it.

When I got to the far end of the stone bridge Imma and Kenna were waiting there for me. Imma took my backpack from my shoulder and passed it to one of her subordinates. Before I could utter a word to Imma and Kenna, a nameless scribe approached me and started reading off a list rules that I was expected to follow during my time of captivity with the Ishtan. I pretty much blew him off as my mind was occupied elsewhere.

The scribe asked if I had brought someone from Kreet to be my assistant, and made a short note on his tablet when I confirmed to him that no one was coming with me.

Then Imma chimed in and volunteered that Kenna would be traveling with me as a companion as I made my adjustment to life with the Ishtan.

The scribe once again made some notes, and then wandered off.

Imma addressed Kenna and I and let us both know that Kenna would be responsible for any bad behavior on my part. 

I took that warning to mean that Kenna would be punished if I screwed up while in captivity. This only served to darken my already dire mood.

The Ishtan army had already begun to break down their tents and head southward. There was no reason to set me up in a tent for a few days only to break the tent down and move it south so Kenna and I were put on one of the lead wagons leaving the camp. That put us behind the Royal coaches carrying the King, his numerous Princes, and the rest of the Royal staff. We were lucky to be in one of the covered wagons and were able to keep out of the hot sun.

As we headed southward, Kenna could see that I was still visibly upset by the turn of events and she did her best to comfort me. Words alone could not express to her my gratitude for her understanding and her attempts to make me feel welcome. I promised myself to find some way to return her kindness some day. For the first several hours of the journey, I took comfort in holding on to her and she did her best to comfort me and I was appreciative but my mind was running through the emotions from anger, to betrayal, to despair and then the cycle would start all over again. I know that I was trained to deal with most situations back at the academy but for some reason there was no lesson or training session that I could flash back to that would help me deal with the feelings I was having along the road to Na'Tal as a reluctant "guest" of the Ishtan.

When we stopped for the night the soldiers set up two makeshift compounds. The first compound was a short distance up the road from ours. This compound had the best tents, the best food and was heavily guarded. The compound Kenna and I were assigned to was not so elaborate and the residents were separated, as the previous camp was between military and civilian. Kenna and I found ourselves in one of the better tents mixed in amongst the Royal administrators, and senior scribes. A hasty meal was prepared and it consisted of the same grey porridge that we "enjoyed" in the previous camp. I had pretty much lost my appetite given the events of the past few days, but Kenna kept picking at me like a mother hen and was relentless in her insistence that I eat. 

Kenna and I turned in early, as there was not much to do in the camp. This was much different than the traveling camps that I was in with Shilka and Teela. The mood in this camp was much more somber mostly because this was the first time that the Ishtan army had been bested in battle. Yes, I know it was a stalemate, but to the Ishtan, they considered it a loss. Well, at least the foot soldiers did and they blamed their superiors though they never directly blamed the King or any of the Royals, as this would be against their laws of Lese Majesty.

Kenna slipped into her nightshirt and fell asleep quickly when we got to our assigned tent. The tent was set up to sleep four people but since I was the official Kreetin hostage, I got to share the tent with only Kenna, and the two massive guards stationed just outside the tent flap. I could not sleep as I had a thousand and one things rattling around in my teenage head. I thought perhaps a walk and some fresh air would help me to unwind. I was dressed in the shirt that I had stolen from Sir William oh so long ago when I peeked my head outside the tent and stood up beside the two guards.

The two massive dark skinned men turned to me and suggested that I go back inside as we were still in enemy territory and it was not safe outside. 

I thanked them for their concern and told them that I would be safe and tried to be lady like in explaining my need to relieve myself.

They understood my need and said that they would escort me to the next field where a primitive latrine had been set up.

I tried to let them know that I would be ok on my own but they insisted that they accompany me. The senior guard reinforced his earlier warning that we were camped in enemy territory and that the short-feathered spears of the enemy strike without sound. This is when they took up positions in front and in back of me, which created Kitty sandwich. I guess you could say that we looked like an Oreo cookie as we crossed the field. If they only knew how many of those, "little spears" I had launched at them, would they still be as respectful towards me in that dark field?

I think that their intention was to follow me the whole way and stand guard while I satisfied nature's call but I was not in the mood to have these two men watch me squat. When we came to the latrine area I slipped out of my nightshirt and hung it on the spear that the tallest guard was holding. Both of them stood there staring at my boldness, and of course my nakedness for a minute or so. I slipped off my sandals then I was off sprinting towards the woods before they had a chance to react. I looked back over my shoulder and yelled out, "Please put my shirt in my tent, I will be back in the morning."

I am sure that my guards would have been great in battle but they were not such good Kitty sitters. There was no way they were going to catch me, especially once I transformed to my feline form as soon as I was out of their sight. For the first time since I left Grimsod Shire I felt totally free, and I made the best of that freedom and kept running deeper into the forest. I ran until I could run no longer, it was then that I stopped beside a small brook for a drink and a well deserved rest.

I spent the night in the forest, mostly just wandering about without direction. A few hours into my wandering I came across small critter that looked like a member of the weasel family, which made a nice tasty meal for me after eating all that porridge that the Ishtan had been feeding me. I must admit that my mental outlook improved greatly after having some real meat in my stomach. 

I wandered around a bit longer then started to make my way back to the camp. I had thoughts of escaping on my walkabout but thought that doing so would be dishonorable, though I did keep this as an option for later when we were out of Kreet. When I got close to the camp I could smell and hear the guards tramping around the latrine area looking for me. My two guards seemed to be the only ones searching; perhaps they were too embarrassed that they had let me get away. They seemed nice enough and I did not really want to cause them any trouble so I carefully made my way through the trees and climbed the biggest tree by the roadside between the camp and the latrine and curled up there on a sturdy branch. It was a few hours from daybreak when I finally fell asleep.

The sun was just coming up when one of my guards walked under the tree I was in. My keen sense of smell and hearing alerted me to his presence and I woke up. I flattened myself on the branch where it attached to the trunk of the tree until the guard passed under me where I could not be seen. I quickly changed back into my human form and called out to the guard.

My call startled him and he looked around to see where my voice was coming from. Finally he looked up and found my naked form sitting on a thick branch. He did not look like he was in a good mood from the scowl on his face.

I playfully called down to him and asked if he could throw my shirt up to me since he had it tucked into his belt.
