 Memoirs of Kitty Siam - Princes and Consorts.

The rest of the trip to Na'Tal was uneventful and took us another two weeks to arrive at the capital city called Na'Vek. I was assigned a room on the same floor as the King and the Royal family, but it was quite a walk from his quarters as I was housed in a section reserved for the Royal consorts and concubines.

The consort's rooms were arranged around a large common room that was designated as the "pleasure area" as my guide described it. To enter the consort's quarters one would have to pass through the pleasure zone. I was told that the floor that I was on would be heavily guarded due to the Royal's presence, which meant that the common room would be guarded as well. There would be two guards stationed outside the common room entrance at all times.

Since the King had a Queen for his pleasure, I was told that he did not have or need the services of a consort, so I was given the larger of the consort's quarters that was normally reserved for the concubine of the King and her attendant. I did hear rumors that from time to time the King would make use of consorts owned by the other members of the Royal family, but no one was willing to confirm those rumors. My quarters consisted of two sleeping rooms and one common room. Kenna was assigned as my attendant and would occupy the second room in my quarters. I was glad that she was staying with me as we became close during our journey from Kreet to Na'Tal.

Shilka was given the quarters next to mine. She no longer held the status that came with being a King's consort as the Ishtan King had no use for her. When we arrived at Na'Vek the King issued a proclamation that Shilka would be well treated even though she was considered as a prize taken in battle. Since the King had no use for the twenty six year old blonde consort, he gifted her to three of the lower ranking Princes, which would still allow her to keep her golden collar and her status as Royal consort. When the proclamation was circulated, Shilka broke down and cried. Even after I entered my quarters I could still her crying openly through the thick stone walls. Kenna believed that I was entitled to better quarters being a diplomatic hostage that was exchanged for an Ishtan Princess, but I asked her to let the matter drop and vowed to make the best of things while we were here. 

Our surroundings were comfortable and even though the common area was under constant guard, I did not feel comfortable leaving my backpack and all my personal items on display in case one of my sister consorts decided to do a sneak and peek in my room. The door to our quarters only had a latch on the inside, which meant that the door could only be locked while we were in the room, which created a security problem while we were out and about. In the interest of my personal privacy, I chose to live out of my backpack and when I left my room I made sure to digitize the backpack and store it safely in my wardrobe collar.

When evening came Kenna and I were escorted to dinner by a group of her fellow scribes. She had met a few of them before when she was assigned to the army but now that she would be working in the castle, she had a new group of people to get to know. The food was much better here at the castle than it was on the road from Kreet. We actually had real meat and fresh vegetables instead of that awful porridge but the portions were small and well rationed.

During our dinner conversation with the castle scribes we found out more about the layout of the castle, and learned that just like in Kreet, the Na'Tal had ritualized bathing houses and that the Ishtan adopted this practice but had abandoned many of the rules that the Na'Tal and the Kreet had for such gatherings. We were tempted to make our way there when we learned that the consort area had a private bath located next to the common room. Kenna and I decided that this would be better for us after our long trip.

We returned to our quarters without the castle scribes in tow and it did not take long for us to strip off our simple linen dresses and head off to the bathing area. We were told that the common room was pretty much a free room with very few rules. The main rule for the room was that discretion is a must and that whatever happens in there, stays in there, and we would learn soon enough that the same rule applies to the bathing area.

We left our quarters and crossed the open common area. There was no one around so we did not bother to dress. As we got closer to the entrance to the bathing area we head a loud grunt followed by an even louder scream which was followed by muffled cries and moans. Kenna did not understand the muffled words but I sure did... they were in the Kreetin language and the only one here other than me that spoke Kreet was Shilka. I attempted to make a quick dash to the door leading to the bath but Kenna cut me off and reminded me that I was not to interfere in anything that happens in the areas reserved for consorts, which included the bathing area.

I nodded in agreement but still walked at a brisk pace to investigate what was going on. Once through the door I took a quick glance around the room then noticed that Shilka and her three princely owners were the only people present. Shilka was in the ever popular boratcha position on all fours over one of the Princes who was holding onto her long blonde hair and pulling her downward onto his manhood, which was the cause of the muffled cries, and as he pulled harder she began to choke on his huge dark member, but this was not the cause of her screaming. The other Prince had pushed his enormous tool deep into her nether hole and was sinking it in deeper. He still had several inches to go but he pulled out almost all the way then pushed back in roughly causing another muffled scream to emanate from Shilka. The man's tool was immense and I could see why Shilka was in such pain as his fat dark pole was now spearing her repeatedly.

Kenna and I just froze in our tracks and stood there with stupid blank looks on our faces. We watched as the two Princes got into a rhythm and began moving in and out of her painfully stretched rear entrance and her mouth at the same time. Shilka was trying hard to relax and adjust to the size of both men but she was having a terrible time of it as neither anal or oral sex were practiced in Kreet and it was plain to see that until this day, Shilka was a virgin in these two holes.

Shilka was granted a moment to catch her breath as the Prince holding her hair pulled her head up and off his glistening member. She used this pause to gasp for air and beg the Princes to stop, but her pleas fell on def ears as the Prince at her back began to ram her harder and faster which caused her large firm breasts to jiggle wildly as they hung low against the legs of the other Prince. As a reward for her pleas, her open mouth was forced back down on the Prince's monstrous pole. As her lips were stretched once again and she started to gag, the Prince commanded her to suck it as he began guiding her mouth by his hold on her lovely blonde hair.

All the while that this was going on, the third Prince was standing near by stroking himself and waiting for his turn. He was coaching his brothers as they continued to piston faster in and out of the incoherent protesting blonde. Shilka was crying openly and the tears were streaming down her face as the men used her oral and anal entrances for their pleasure. The Prince at her backside was now forcing his shaft fully into her backside and each push of his hips against her was making a loud flesh against flesh slapping noise.

I think both of them were close to coming when they stopped and lifted her up. They both pulled out of her then repositioned themselves. The Prince in Shilka's mouth latched onto her hips with his hands and guided her over his upward pointing shaft that was now aimed between her legs. He placed the head between her lower lips then pulled her roughly down and impaled her on his member. Shilka tossed her head back and screamed as she was impaled quickly.

The Prince that has been stroking himself quickly moved to stand next to her then took her by the hair and slipped his erect staff into her open mouth and shoved hard. The thick bulbous head caught her by surprise as it impacted against the back of her throat causing her to sputter and gag. The Prince held on tightly and tried to push himself deeper into her mouth and ultimately tried to enter her throat.

The two Princes began to move their hips and thrust themselves into Shilka's mouth and womanhood fast and deep. 

The third Prince stepped up behind poor Shilka to straddle her as she was positioned over his brother. He pressed the head of his pole against her already stretched anus and pushed himself into her and slid in balls deep. She tried to scream again but her mouth was full. She tried to escape but now she was held in place by three strong pair of dark brown hands. There was nowhere to go for her, no escape, and there was nothing for her to do but to kneel in the grip of the three Princes and take it all.

The three men began to pick up speed and they adjusted their thrusting so as not to impede each other's rhythm. The men under and behind Shilka would thrust in alternating, and one would thrust in and the other would pull back. I could see the tight-tortured skin wrapped around the large probing members moving in and out as she was used roughly.

At some point in this painful dance Shilka must have been stretched enough or had figured out a way to relax enough and her struggles ceased. I thought at one point that maybe she had passed out, but I could see her moving a little in time with the thrusts and as she came closer to orgasm, her movements became greater. Her movements caused the Princes to spear her harder and faster until they too were ready to explode. 

The Prince thrusting into her backside was the first to inject his seed. He shoved his long fat pole all the way inside her as he shot his first spurt. He held himself inside for a few seconds then started pumping in and out again as he filled her backside with his seed. He continued pumping until he was satisfied that he had been properly drained, and then he pulled out of her backside. A thick glob of white cream leaked from Shilka's now empty but wide-open nether hole.

The Prince in her mouth was the second man to explode and when the time came he held Shilka by the hair and thrust into her mouth. The first strong jet caught Shilka by surprise and she began to gag on the hot white cream. His cum splashed around the inside her mouth then spilled out the side of her lips as he pumped her mouth full. I wanted to yell to her to swallow quickly but held my tongue. Shilka figured this out on her own and tried her best to keep up with the volume of cum being pumped into her formerly virgin mouth. Once the Prince observed that she was trying to cooperate his thrusts became slower to allow her to swallow. Once he had finished he let himself slip from her mouth and commanded her to lick him clean.

She looked up at him and we could see that the tears were still streaming down her cheeks. The Prince repeated his command and she flicked out her tongue and began to lick the remnants of his Princely cum from his member. It was then that the Prince under Shilka was close to shooting as well, and pulled out of her quickly. It seemed that the Ishtan had similar customs about bastard children as the Kreet did. Once he was free from her sex he pushed himself into her backside and began pumping himself into her from below. Shilka howled as his manhood was larger than his brother's and he was stretching her backdoor wider than his brother did a few minutes ago.

The Prince held on to her hips as he began working harder and harder to get himself fully inside her, and then when he was fully inside, he grunted loudly as he began to empty himself into her backside mingling his seed with his brother's. As the Prince flooded her bowels, Shilka collapsed on top of the Prince under her and did her best to push herself backwards in time with his spurting thrusts. 

As Shilka began to tremble cum again, I looked over at Kenna to see how she was doing after taking all of this in and I noticed that her gaze was fixed on Shilka and her owners. I also noticed that Kenna had one hand between her legs and was fingering herself as her other hand was caressing her own firm brown breasts and nipples. I too had thoughts of doing the same while watching Shilka but fought hard to control myself, but seeing Kenna playing with herself I could not help but to join her.

As Shilka and her Princes began to untangle themselves I lowered my head to Kenna's breast and as she fingered and squeezed the other, my lips surrounded her nipple and sucked softly. With this new sensation on her nipple she released her breast and moved her hand to the back of my head and approvingly pulled my lips firmly against her dark brown little nub.

Both of Kenna's hands were now in my hair and her fingers were massaging my scalp as I moved my lips from one nipple to the other. I sucked softly then flicked my tongue against each as they hardened instantly. I tipped my head back slightly and put on a show for her as soon as I noticed her watching me. My dark brown eyes met hers as my tongue flicked out and caressed her nipple. I worked them in turn as my hands cupped her firm orange sized orbs.

Kenna and I were close to the same height with her being maybe an inch or so taller so it was easy for our breasts and nipples to meet when I pulled my lips from her breasted and licked my way up her chest to her neck then across her dark cheek to her perfectly formed lips. Her lips were plump and thicker than mine but it was oh so pleasurable to press mine to against hers and as I did her lips parted and my tongue flicked out to meet hers. As if on cue our arms circled each other and we hugged tightly causing our breasts to pleasurably pillow against each other.

I knew she was watching over my shoulder as Shilka and the Princes changed position for a second round and as Shilka was forced to sit down on her Prince's pole, Kenna slipped her hand down between my rear cheeks and pushed her long dark finger into my virgin backside imitating the way that Shilka was currently being impaled. As she worked her finger in deeper I squirmed against her, our breasts dancing together in a mutual massage and as she began fingering me, my tongue forced its way deep into her mouth.

Kenna turned me around as if we were dancing together so that I could see that the three Princes had switched positions and had once again filled all of Shilka's holes and once again she was being lanced over and over again, but my attention did not linger there as Kenna became my top priority.

She was the first to break our kiss and her full lips moved down to my little honey colored orbs. Her lips surrounded my right breast and she was almost able to suck the entire breast into her wide mouth, and as she did so I relaxed and pushed backwards to take more of her wiggling finger into me. She sucked harder and shifted her attention to the other breast an as she drew that one into her mouth I felt my legs begin tremble and recognized the familiar sensation of a powerful orgasm beginning to build inside my slender body.

I leaned against her for support and slipped one hand down between her legs. My finger quickly found her wet slit and slipped inside. We fingered each other as we leaned together for mutual support. I believe that she was having the same problem standing as I was and she dropped down to her knees and began nibbling on my tummy. Her lovely firm breasts were caressing my hips and lower abdomen as she kissed her way up my tummy to my breasts. From time to time she would move just right and one of her firm nipples would brush against my swollen little love bud causing me to gasp and shiver with pleasure.

Her lips found my breasts again and she started with the right one. Her mouth opened and her pointed tongue flicked out against my little brown nipple. I looked down and watched her and the sight of her tongue flicking against me made it even that much more erotic. As I watched her, she watched me, looking for any sign in my facial expressions to let her know which movements of hers were bringing me the most pleasure.

I could not take much more of this as my knees were shaking from her licking, sucking and fingering and I dropped down to my knees facing her until once again our lips met for a deep kiss and our breasts and nipples were once again massaging each other. It was shortly after our kiss began that she slipped down onto her back and pulled me down next to her. 

She was slightly sitting up while supporting herself with one elbow, the other arm was across the back of my neck as we got comfortable. I reached my left hand between her legs and using her knee as a grip point I pulled her legs apart. I looked up at her as I leaned in and brushed my lips over the thin patch of black fur that covered her sex. As I saw the approval in her eyes I leaned forward and flicked my tongue over her most sensitive little button, which sent a shudder through her dark slender body and produced a sharp sigh of pleasure from her lips.

I slipped two fingers into her and started working them deeper as I continued to lick the top of her slit and her sensitive little pink button. I was instantly rewarded by a loud panting sound as her breathing increased, and after a few minutes her hips would roll up with each push of my fingers as she helped me to pleasure her. The more she panted and squirmed the faster and harder I licked and poked at her womanhood with my pointed tongue. I was really inexperienced at this and was so proud of myself that I was able to excite her as well as I was.

She was really tight but as her wetness grew I was able to get my fingers deeper into her and soon I was working my fingers in to the second knuckle and twisting them before pulling out and starting all over again. The more her excitement grew the faster and harder she rolled her hips up to grind herself against my tongue. I was not sure if she wanted more tongue or more fingers in her, and it was hard to tell from her movements, which she wanted more of, so I just kept working harder at both. I tried to work a third finger into her but even as wet as she was it was a tight fit and I quickly abandoned that idea and went back to two fingers.

Her moans and cries of ecstasy were so loud that they had gotten the attention of the three Princes as they were still in the process of abusing Shilka in every hole. As one of them noticed us and called out to the others to look, I noticed them as they noticed us and had seen that they had all changed position once again. If I were keeping score I would think that they had all cum a second time and like after the first time they had changed positions. Shilka looked exhausted and was covered in perspiration and in some places a few thick ropes of male cum hung off of her white skin.

My attention was drawn back to Kenna by a playful tug on my long black hair, and even though I had kept my fingers moving, it was my tongue that she wanted. I moved my lips back to her little firm button and sucked the sensitive little bud into my mouth for my tongue to lick and poke at. It did not take long for Kenna to begin bucking and squirming under my ministrations once again and as she was driven to orgasm by my fingers, tongue, and the sight of Shilka being sexually abused nearby. Her hips started bucking and thrashing about wildly as her fingers gripped my hair. Her hands held my lips firmly to her swollen womanly bud as my tongue continued to lap over it and circle around it. 

I continued working my tongue and my fingers until her pants and squeals faded, and I knew she was spent when her grip on my hair relaxed and her body went slack against the stone floor. Her fingers hooked gently under my chin and guided my lips to hers. She kissed me softly then parted my lips with her tongue as it pressed its way inside. She made a soft moan as she savored the taste of herself on my lips and tongue. She playfully licked at my lips and face, and giggled slightly before she said, "all clean now."
