 Memoirs of Kitty Siam - Statues and Obelisks.

Fascinating race, the Weeping Angels. The only psychopaths in the universe to kill you nicely. - The Doctor

We left the small village early in the morning and began following the road that led from the village. The road showed signs of not being used in the same manner as the stone path we had followed the day before. The island was much larger than I had originally thought and when the noon hour came we were still walking the road and from our current location, there was no end in sight.

We made a rest stop in a grove of fruit bearing trees and ate our fill of what tasted like pears and apples. It was not the meat that my body was craving but it was filling and the natural sugars gave us both enough of an energy boost to allow us to resume our journey.

We continued on until the late afternoon when we stopped again for refreshment. We decided that we would go a few more hours and if we found nothing by then we would stop somewhere safe for the night. Throughout the day we had passed a few small lone standing houses in what were now over grown fields. At one time these structures had probably belonged to family farmers and the fields surrounding the houses were once fertile farmland.

The sun was close to the horizon and would be setting in an hour or so, that is when we spotted a small structure in the distance, and we quickly agreed that we would stop there for the night. This rammed earth house was in similar disrepair as the one that we had stayed in the previous night, but unlike that one, this house only had one floor. There were no room dividers and the living areas, kitchen, dining area were in the same room.

Like we did the previous day, Ressa cleaned the kitchen while I went out and ran down dinner. It did not take me long to ambush a flock of birds that somewhat resembled a turkey, and snag one in my claws for dinner. I gave the bird to Ressa and she cooked it over the fire that she has built while I was out hunting. She was becoming quite the little housewife I thought as I watched her work in the kitchen. Perhaps she had missed her true calling, as she seemed to be a better housewife then she was a spy.

The evening was uneventful and we both slept well after a long day of walking, and when morning came we washed up in a nearby stream then hit the road again. As we walked the road yesterday we were walking over fairly level ground, but this morning the road was leading us to a group of low rolling hills. The road avoided the hills and snaked its way around them and then opened up again into a flat plain. As soon as we rounded the last hill we could see a small city in the center of the plain surrounded by low hills on all sides. Rising up from the center of the city was what appeared to be a man made hill or pyramid with a flat top that contained a white structure that looked like it was a temple of some sort.

Once we cleared the hills it was not long before we came to the first of many pure white marble statues that lined the road. At first the statues were spaced about a hundred feet apart but as we neared the city the distance between the statues became less until they were right next to each other and perhaps a man width apart. It was past the noon hour when we entered the city and we stopped for a rest and some nourishment. We took a snack break and killed a good hour or two munching on some fruits and nuts that we had come across near the city gates. During our stop and it was becoming obvious that Ressa's lack of conditioning was starting to take its toll on her. She had become sluggish and her muscles had tightened up once she stopped moving. It took some coaxing and some assistance to get her back onto her feet. She complained that her back was hurting her and I wanted to make a catty comment to her about the size of her breasts being the cause of her back problems, but there was no need for that sort of thing since we were getting along fairly well at the moment. Once I got her on her feet it did took a bit of prodding to get her to start walking again.

As we made our way toward the city center we stopped on occasion to inspect some of the more interesting statutes we came across. All of them in this area were of men and women of adult age, but there were no statues of children or animals that we could see. It appeared that the statues were a representation of the various races from the planet as some could be easily identified as Ishtan, Kreet, and Na'Tal, but there were many that neither Ressa nor I could identify as belonging to a specific country or ethnic group. I did note however that there were no statues that sported Asian features so I still considered myself a minority of one on this planet. 

All of the statues were sans clothing and appeared to have been created from nude subjects. They appeared to be similar in style and appearance to the sort of statues that you would see in a Greek or Roman museum display except that no fig leafs were used to hide the genitalia. Speaking of genitalia, as we came closer to the center of the city and the temple, the male statues were in a surprising state of arousal. Ressa and I compared notes and erotic thoughts as we made our way down the main avenue that led to the temple. 

Seeing all of these aroused male statues had many impure thoughts running through my mind. Thoughts like ditching Ressa and impaling myself on one or more of these well-endowed hunks of masculine marble. I considered this then looked over at Ressa, and I could see that her face was flushed and her nipples were erect and pressing firmly against the inside of her thick shirt. I believe she was having similar thoughts.

We were within an hour or so of sunset when we finally made it to the multitude of steps that led up to the temple. The steps were very steep and stretched upward for perhaps two hundred feet before leveling off onto the grand plateau that contained the white marble temple. As we were about to ascend the steps I got a whiff of something on the wind that smelled like dinner. I asked Ressa to wait for me while I went to check out the source of the smell, but Ressa had other ideas. She said that if she stopped walking now that she would never be able to make the climb to the top of the steps and I knew that she was right. I knew that her muscles would stiffen up as soon as she stopped for a rest so I agreed with her and she began a slow trek up the steps.

The wildlife on Rontara was quite safe from what we had seen along our journey. Perhaps the greatest hazard from the wildlife on the island came from coconuts being dropped on your head by a bratty monkey. 

I changed into feline form and it was not long before I chased down a small deer that had wandered into the city. Once again I did not bother to cloth myself and headed back to the temple stairs as naked as the day I emerged from the birthing chamber. I found a well along the way and cleaned myself then continued the rest of the way being careful not to come in contact with any of the blood still dripping from the creature's carcass.

I ascended the steps leading up to the temple and as I got closer I could see that the structure was bathed in light from the many torches mounted to the thick columns surrounding it. Ressa must have been busy I thought to myself and as I got to the top of the steps I called out for her when I did not see her. There was no answer so I called out again and got the same result. I set the carcass down and began to look around. I walked the outer edge of the plateau thinking that Ressa may still be walking around lighting the torches, but she was no where to be found.

In the center of the plateau there were another set of steps leading up to a platform that was the actual temple complex. The temple was constructed in a manner similar to the temples of the ancient Greeks. Strong thick columns of carefully carved and polished marble supported the roof and protected the likeness of the God from the elements in the center, but in this temple there was no statue of a God, just a tall, clear crystal obelisk that was etched with the same symbols that we had noticed on many of the buildings that we had passed on our way to the city center. 

In the temple area there were a few of the statues similar to those that we had seen along our way here, but these ones appeared more muscular and if I had to guess, I would say that they were probably supposed to be depictions of the temple guards. I had no proof of this as they were not holding weapons, but the male statues looked very brawny like the gladiators of old, though I doubt that the Romans had seven-foot tall gladiators. They were definitely too masculine and well built to be representations of the temple priests.

After staring at the obelisk for a few seconds trying to make figure out what the writing could mean, I looked around the inside of the temple and there on the floor toward obelisk in the center was a trail of clothing leading to a very naked Ressa lying on the floor. She was laying on her back with her head turned to the side and her legs were splayed open displaying her womanhood and the thin patch of reddish blonde fur that covered her tender parts. As I cautiously crept closer I could see that she was laying in a puddle of liquid that appeared to be a very watered down version of the paste that human children used to play with long ago.

I stopped in my tracks and looked around as it appeared that we most likely were not alone but I could not sense anything, or anyone and there were no alerting smells on the wind, but as I crept closer my nostrils caught a strange smell that reminded me of dust from a construction site.

I rushed to Ressa's side and leaned over her, I could barley detect movement in her chest that would indicate that she was still breathing. From her mouth came a weak gurgling sound as she tried to exchange the air in her lungs. As I looked her over I could see that paste-like substance coating her face, chest and torso. There was also a small steady stream of the substance leaking from between her legs and the corner of her mouth. I started to drop to one knee beside her when the obelisk in the center of the temple began to emit a purple light, and as the light traveled up the length of the obelisk I stood to face it.

I did not know what this was but I knew that something like this should not be happening on a backward planet such as this. As I faced the obelisk I forgot about Ressa and since there was nowhere to run to or nowhere to hide, I began to walk toward the source of the light to investigate. I was convinced that somehow this crystalline device was responsible for Ressa's condition and I wanted to understand what had slimed her like that. I stopped to take a look back over my shoulder at Ressa, but when I heard an odd humming sound in front of me I turned back to face the obelisk and when I did, an iridescent purple beam shot from the top of the obelisk and bathed my naked body in an eerie purple light that caused my muscles to twitch and my skin to tingle. 

I tried to move my arms but they felt as if they were made of lead and would not move, and soon I realized that my legs were just as useless. A second beam was then directed at me from the top of the obelisk. This new beam illuminated the top of my head and momentarily scrambled my thoughts and made me feel as if my head were spinning. I felt dizzy for a few minutes while the beam focused on my forehead, then as it moved southward, and intense tingling sensation followed the light as it moved down to my feet. The white beam paused at my feet for a moment then worked its way back to my head while the purple beam held me in place. The white light changed to pretty pink and then it focused on my head. It was then that the two metal spikes I had holding my hair up fell to the ground as if they were pulled out by some unseen magnetic force.

The pink beam was turned off and the purple beam intensified in brightness and as it grew brighter, I felt as if my leg muscles had turned to string cheese. I tried to remain standing but my knees bent involuntarily and I dropped down to the marble floor of the temple. I found that my arms were now somewhat functional and I tried hard to push myself up from a kneeling position but without cooperation from my non-functioning legs, I was not going anywhere any time soon.

As I struggled to stand the white beam returned but this time it was a focused point and touched me between the eyes and just above the bridge of my nose. The intensity of the beam forced me close my eyes as the light coming toward me was dazzling my vision. I could not tell what the light was intended for but as the light lingered my thoughts became disorganized. I could not plan, I could not reason, I could not react in any way as it seemed that my brain had been invaded by random thoughts and actions that were not my own. The light probed my thoughts for a period of time that I could not comprehend, and while I was being probed it seemed as if the events of my life were passing before my closed eyes. Hours, minutes, weeks, days all ran together while my mind was switched into neutral by the probing light.

When the lights were turned off, my mental functions were returned to normal but my legs were still failing to cooperate. I quickly thought that perhaps this was what knocked out poor Ressa, but that theory did not hold up when I remembered the thick paste-like liquid that covered her body and was puddled around her on the floor. When I opened my eyes I noticed that two of the marble statues had stepped down from their pedestals and had moved in front of me. As my eyes fluttered and began to focus, my big brown eyes were starting at the two most beautiful lengths of man-meat that I had ever had the chance to gaze upon. I thought that these two magnificent poles deserve to be immortalized in marble and I could not help but smile and lick my lips before I realized that Kitty was about to go into slut mode.

Once I stopped drooling over the two marble man-tools that were filling my immediate field of vision I cast my eyes upward and took in the physique and facial features of the two living statues. They were much shorter than the Ishtan, and the Kreet, and perhaps a little taller than the Cassani, which in my estimation put them at about four inches taller than me. Their chests, legs and arms were massive and armored well with thick muscle. I thought to myself that these two hulks could pretty much bend any Ishtan into a very small pretzel even though the Ishtan men have a generous height advantage.

My musings were interrupted when the closest statue moved his open hand toward me and cupped the back of my head. With a silent gentle tug he pulled my mouth to his thick marble pole, then rubbed the head of his manhood against my lips. I expected the head to feel like a cold rock as it touched my lips but was surprised to feel a strange softness and warmth from this now living statue.

They did not teach this at the academy, but it was easy to recognize and appreciate the inter-galactic "open your mouth and suck it," signal that the statue was giving me as his hand pulled gently against the back of my head. Being the little wanton Kitty that I was, I eagerly opened my mouth and let the living marble phallus enter my mouth. As it slid in I pressed my tongue to the underside and was able to feel thick pulsing veins on the underside just as one would expect to feel on a humanoid male. I was surprised at the feeling of the pliable marble member, it was smooth and slippery, but not slippery from lube or liquid, it was slippery because it was highly polished. The marble shaft was warm as well, not cool or room temperature as you would expect from a statue. Being warm to the touch I estimated that it was about four or five degrees warmer than my body temperature, which I found to be quite comfortable as it slid its way into my willing mouth.

The girth of the statue's pole was a comfortable fit for my mouth and my lips did not have to stretch much to allow entry. The length was a bit of a problem though as it was about an inch or two longer than what I would consider a comfortable fit up top or down below. For such a marble behemoth he was quite gentle as he held my head and began moving slowly in and out of my mouth. As always, sucking on a nice healthy hunk of man-meat got my motor running and I could feel myself immediately getting wet down below. When the marble member would move inside my mouth I used my tongue to lick and caress the underside. Usually when I would add a little suction to my tongue caresses, this would illicit moans of pleasure from my partner but this living hunk of rock made no sound that would indicate that my technique was giving pleasure. The quickening of his thrusting was the only positive feedback I was getting from my efforts.

While my mouth was busy with the first statue, the second one stepped behind me and started doing the second thing that gets my juices flowing. His strong marble fingers found my breasts and as his palms flattened against my little mango sized orbs he began to squeeze gently at first, and then his massage grew in intensity as my body began to respond. His hands were as warm as the probing phallus in my mouth and felt so good against my very sensitive breasts and nipples. The sensations from my mouth and chest met in my sexually charged brain and spurred me on to voluntarily move my mouth faster on the thickly veined shaft.

Seeing that I was cooperating, my head was released and I began sliding my lips and hand up and down the long thick pole in my mouth, my head moving slowly as my lips and tongue repeatedly caressed the marble manhood in my mouth. As I started to take control and move faster, the statue behind me moved around to the side and placed my free hand on his manly branch and as my fingers closed around it, I pulled my lips away from statue number one, then moved them to engulf statue number two.

Both marble men were of similar size and girth so there was no problem going back and forth between their two magnificent members. I was in heaven as my mouth feasted on these two thrusting shafts in turn. They were very accommodating to each other and there was no sound of despair or disappointment as I alternated between them. I kept my hands moving at all times and continued to stroke them both even when they were inside my mouth. As I continued to work them both over with my mouth and hands, there were no vocal indications that I was giving them pleasure. The only feedback I was able to understand was that they would both start thrusting a little bit faster each time I took them into my mouth. 

Even though they were thrusting faster, they were still careful not to push in too hard or deep and the few collisions that had occurred with the back of my throat were my fault as I was a bit more excited than they were it seemed and tried to take too much of them inside too fast. I was thankful once again that my gag reflex had been eliminated which usually allowed the back of my throat to take a bit of a pounding, and soon that sort of pounding began as the current statue that I was munching on began to thrust harder and faster which caused more collisions with the back of my throat. It did not take long after the hard thrusting began for the flexible marble pipe in my mouth began to spew its gift. 

As the head pushed in it began to pump its first thick stream into my mouth. Not being in all the way the first thick spray impacted against the roof of my mouth and coated my tongue. The blast was more powerful than anything that my mouth had experienced and the thick chalky goo sloshed around my mouth and spilled out of the corner of my mouth before I could get a tight seal. I had never tasted anything like this as the hot thick slurry coated my tongue. It was not sweet, it was not sour... it tasted more like a watered down form of plaster or perhaps cement. There was an inhuman grittiness to this white emulsion and even though it was an unfamiliar taste to me, my academy training kicked and I began to swallow as fast as I could knowing that most males expect this. I was able to swallow most of what was deposited in my mouth though from time to time there was more than I could handle and a fair amount had leaked out of my mouth and cascaded down off my chin to stain my bare breasts below.
