 I was barely aware of my situation and my eyes were on their way to closing fully when a green light from the ceiling illuminated my body and the marble alter in an iridescent glow. The light caused the marble slab that formed the top of the alter to transform and from the side of the table came several bands that appeared to be made of the same living marble as the statues. They crossed over my torso and secured me to the alter. On both sides of my head two solid marble squares rose up to clamp against the sides of my head, and as they tightened a soft buzzing began as my head was immobilized. As the intensity of the light and the buzzing increased, I felt severe pain around my temple area as if two thick needles were being pushed into my skull and were digging their way into my brain. 

I knew that the pain was being caused by the sound and that there were no actual needles in use. I reached out with my mind and could tell that there was no blood flowing from my head, which led me to believe that some sonic or ultrasonic device was being used. Whatever the device was it caused a disruption in my motor pathways and once again my arms and legs were disabled and totally useless. 

With my body's electrical output flirting with the zero mark, I could feel multiple connections being made between the device that was securing my head to the alter. There was no sensation of pain, only a feeling as if I was drunk and someone or something was trying to take advantage of my condition. I could feel the probing of my brain increase and become more annoying. Once it seemed that a solid connection had been established a tightly sealed clear canopy appeared over the alter which trapped me inside. Once the seal was confirmed the void space inside the canopy began to fill with a viscous clear tasteless liquid.

As the enclosure filled to about the half way mark my restraints were released and my body began to float, but I never achieved full buoyancy as the level of the liquid continued to rise to cover my naked body. I took a deep breath before my face was covered and as I held my breath two tendrils snaked up from under me and slithered their way up my nose, then pushed their way in deep then slithered their way down my throat to lodge in my lungs. Once each of my lungs were occupied by a tendril, both of the pliable invading objects increased in girth and sealed off my nose from the rising fluid. I found that if I inhaled and exhaled through my nose I was able to breath normally with the assistance of the tendrils.

As my body floated at mid point between the marble alter and the top of the clear enclosure I could feel a soft swirling motion begin causing the thick warm liquid to caress my skin. My vision was blurred as my eyes were submersed so I could not see what was going on but I could fleet several more tendrils that were much thicker than the ones in my nose moving about. The first two squirmed up between my legs and slid effortlessly between my still swollen labia and pushed inside. The tendrils were not big enough to cause major discomfort, but as they slid over the flesh that had been rubbed raw, there was a slight twinge of pain.

Both tendrils pushed deep inside my slurry-filled womb and I could feel a gentle pressure begin to build inside me. It began as a slow alternating pulse as if a jet of warm liquid was expelled from the tube inside me, and then pumped out a few seconds later. It was quite a pleasant feeling as the pulsing tendrils gave my internal lady parts a good cleaning. As the pulsing continued I lost track of what was going on around me and soon found myself once again building toward a powerful orgasm. My body wanted to move against the tendrils deep inside me but my limbs were useless and no matter how I tried I could not assist the tendrils as their work drove me closer to the edge. 

I flirted with my orgasmic edge for longer than I had wanted too, but that came to an abrupt end when I felt another set of tendrils probing my excessively violated back entrance. I tried to open my mouth and cry out as the two tendrils pushed past my weakened and well-abused sphincter but the nerves that controlled my jaw muscles were as disconnected as were those in my arms and legs. As the newly inserted tendrils began to pulse inside me and intense orgasm tore through my body. Powerful jets caressed my insides from the front and back as and equally powerful suction removed the cleansing solution that was being swirled about inside me.

Even though my body could not convulse through the waves of orgasm that cascaded through me, my mind continued to send out the signals to my muscles as if the nerves that controlled their movements were still connected. I was lost in orgasmic bliss for longer than I could remember and at some point in the continuing waves of joy I lost consciousness.

I did not know how long I was out, but when I awoke I was no longer in the temple. I was still encased in the clear bubble and it was still filled with the warm thick clear liquid. All of the tendrils had been removed from me except for the two that allowed me to breathe. I checked with my PDA and found that two days had gone by since I was encased in this chamber. I opened my eyes and was surprised, as I was now able to see through the liquid that filled the chamber. Nearby I could see what appeared to be data displays, perhaps medical monitors of some sort that recorded and displayed my life signs and such. The writing on the displays were too small to make out through the clear goo.

As I looked around past the monitors I could not see any trace of a living being so I assumed that this was all an automated process. My mind began to wander as I once again felt the liquid begin to stir about me. The last thing I remember seeing before I was forced to close my eyes against the moving liquid were the words, "Transition Lab" written in the same language of the signs that Ressa and I had seen in the village and in the city. My mind began to ponder the meaning of the words, but as I thought about their meaning there was no panic to my thoughts, as so far nothing had happened that indicated an immediate threat that is until my mental links to my PDA UT, and wardrobe collar were severed.

My mind was still active but access to my devices had been disrupted, and at the same time my senses of hearing, speech, and sight were disabled. My brain was now totally isolated. I could not move, could not see, could not hear or speak as I found that I was in a true state of sensory deprivation and that is when my mind began to think of all of the terrible things that could happen next and I began to panic though from looking at me from the outside, no one could see the terror going on inside.

As quick as my senses were turned off, my mind was as well. The panic was suddenly gone only to be replaced by an incoming stream of advanced geometric symbols that seemed to be coming in to my thoughts from an unknown outside source. The symbols gave way to an elaborate set of advanced equations and scientific formulas written in the same language that I had seen in the village. The math stream continued on longer than I could comprehend and when the math stream faded, it was replaced by what seemed to be an unending torrent of celestial charts that were matched up with bursts of navigational calculations. The next torrent to assault my brain was a continual stream of schematics for technology that was completely foreign to me.

While my mind was being filled with new data, I could tell that something was happening to my body as well but it was just a dull feeling that I got from time to time in between bursts of data. The fluid around me was moving and causing small ripples against my skin. Most of the time the sensations were pleasurable but when the data stream paused, I could feel a few twinges of pain being caused by some external process that I could not see or comprehend.

After what seemed like several days had passed, and the data stream ceased, the device that I was being held in began to vibrate and I could feel the level of the fluid begin to lower as if it were being drained away. When the last of the fluid had been evacuated, my back once again came into contact with the marble slab that was the temples alter. A painful electric stream emanating from the wet marble slab coursed through my naked body that caused a series of violent spasms before I realized that I could once again feel and move my arms and legs. At the same time my PDA, UT and collar began to function again, but as I accessed each device I noticed that they had been reprogrammed. The interfaces were different and there were many new items available in the menus. The menus were no longer in my native English, they were written in a new language that I immediately recognized as Annu though I had never been exposed to this language before.

I was jolted away from the exploration of my installed devices by a series of powerful warm jets of clear water cascading over my skin as a metal ring passed over me to clense away the suspension gel that had surrounded me earlier. Once the spray had ended the metal ring, the clear enclosure along with my breathing tendrils were withdrawn back into the marble alters. I quickly consulted my PDA and enquired as to my medical status and I was informed that everything was functioning normally. 

I next checked the date on my PDA and found that seventy-three days had passed since Ressa and I had entered the temple. I sat up slowly and shifted my position so that my legs dangled over the edge of the alter before I slowly slipped off. My hand gripped the slippery marble as my legs hit the floor. My legs were wobbly but they were able to support me. As I pushed my wet black hair from my face I felt two supporting hands take me under each arm to help me stand. It was then that I heard a male voice say, "Take it slow Kitty."

It took a few seconds for the words to register as they were in a language that I had never heard spoken before. The words were being processed through the newly upgraded UT and it took my still foggy brain a second or two to form a response.

With a trembling voice I expressed my thanks, then asked where I was and what had happened.

All in good time I was told. I was assured that I was safe and that no harm would come to me.

I did not totally believe him but being that I was still as weak as a kitten... (pun intended). I went along with the program and tried to learn as much as I could about where I was and what had happened to Ressa and me.

With strong hands supporting me, I was dried off by a male and female with soft, thick white towels. Both were humanoid and had a slightly green tint to their exposed skin. They were dressed in attire that led me to believe that they were medical professionals or perhaps scientists. I was hoping that I was not being used as some sort of evil science project, but again, they seemed totally non-threatening so I cooperated and allowed them to assist me. I pondered the green tint to their skin and snorted slightly after commenting in my thoughts how glad I was that they were not colored grey with big black eyes.

They dried me off and I was surprised when the female put my hair up for me in the way that I liked it, and she even used my two metal spikes to hold my hair in place. I was given a white dress that looked more like a hospital gown except without the opening in the back. After I was dressed I was assisted onto a floating gurney and taken to a plain room non-descript room with a small bed in its center. I was assisted from the gurney to the bed and as I made myself comfortable, a small medical monitoring device about the size of a shirt button was attached to the back of my neck. 

When the device came in contact with my skin it stuck there as if it were a magnet attaching its self to a piece of steel but I could tell that there were no magnets involved as that would be primitive compared to the equipment I have seen since leaving the fluid filled chamber. Once the device was in place a monitor imbedded in the wall flickered to life and displayed my vital physical information. From what I could see all looked normal, but it looked like my height and weight were wrong but perhaps I was not calculating properly between my old Earth forms of measurement and theirs. I made a mental note to myself that the monitoring equipment was using the same language as my installed devices.

I put my hand to the connection point and could feel that something new had been inserted under my skin but there were no scars or incision marks there that I could feel. I started to ask what it was, but then I already knew the answer and aborted my question before it passed through my lips. The information about the data connection was part of the data stream that was downloaded into my brain while I was in the tank. The device was a data port that would allow me to interface with various pieces of equipment by either wireless, or by direct physical connection.

Do not be concerned the male technician assured me. He explained that he had one as well and then he took my hand in his and guided my fingers to touch the back of his neck but on him I could not feel its outline like I could on my neck.

As I thought of the device under his skin the schematics for the device popped into my head and as I quickly read though them, I found that after the interface is installed it will blend into the owner's anatomy and is invisible to all but the installer's scanning technology.

I began to form another question, but as I attempted to speak I felt a little tingle on the side of my neck and suddenly began to feel very sleepy.

The female technician spoke up and informed me that she had given me a sedative and that I needed to rest. My questions will be answered later she added.

As her words registered in my brain the two medical technicians were assisting me onto my back where I quickly drifted off to sleep.

My slumber was another onslaught of data assaulting my brain as it was electronically pumped through the clear fiber strand attached to the back of my neck. My mind was filled with people, places, dates, pictures, and images of creation and destruction on a planetary scale. The best way to sum up my forced learning experience is to say that the first session after I was rendered unconscious by the statues were my Math, Science, Physics, Engineering, Language, and Astrophysics classes, and my current lessons were History, Social Studies, and Stellar Cartography.

The lessons droned on and on and when my eyes flickered open I found myself secured to a sturdy metal-framed chair. My arms, legs and head were immobilized to the frame of the chair by thin metal clamps, and in front of me were several display terminals that were set up to monitor my vital signs. I did not feel that I was in any danger but being restrained again caused me some concern. 

As my senses began to activate fully I made an inquiry to my upgraded PDA and was informed that I had been asleep for a little over three days this time. I tested my vocal cords and made several non-descript noises, then in a language called, "Interlac" that was part of my first learning session I asked if anyone was there.

My question brought silence to the room followed by the footsteps of two technicians. I could feel the hands from behind as they checked the tension on my restraints, then once again I felt a small circle of metal pressed against my neck, heard a small hiss and then my eyes were fluttering closed. My last conscious thoughts were of me kicking the snot out of the bitch that keeps injecting me with sedatives.

This time when I awoke I was in a comfy bed, and as I sat up and looked around the room I instantly recognized my surroundings. I surmised that someone wanted me to believe that I was back in my dorm room at Osaka Eugenics as everything had been recreated perfectly right down to the dent in the wall that was made by my head during a playful wrestling session with my roommate Emiko. I knew that I could not be in my old dorm room and that was confirmed when I instructed my internal PDA to provide my current location. The PDA answered back with celestial map coordinates for a planet called Galora Six.

I stood slowly and as I did my legs felt unfamiliarly stiff and uncooperative. I kept one hand on the wall for support as I moved around the room, and the more I moved the more cooperative my legs became. From the information provided by my PDA it was well over two months since I was walking under my own power. As I made my way over to the full-length mirror, for the first time in a long while I was able to get a good look at myself. I started at my legs then worked my way up as I gazed at myself in the mirror.

My body was a bit thinner than before which I attributed to not having eaten solid food since before I entered the temple. As I looked myself over more carefully I could tell that I had not lost any muscle tone and it took me a while to realize that my breasts were about a size larger than I remembered them being. It took several minutes of squeezing them with my hands to confirm that they were larger and a bit firmer. I could not see any signs of surgery, and they were just as tender to the touch as they always were which indicated to me that there were no implants under the skin. For the moment I attributed the size increase to all of that mysterious plaster-like substance that was pumped into me by the gallon.

There was something else about my body that just did not seem right but as I inspected every inch that I could reach with my hands, nothing seemed different or out of place except for my slightly enlarged breasts. I was not sure if I should be gearing myself up to make an escape from this place but it did occur to me that I was once again naked and thought I had better do something about that before they knock me out again. 

I had been preoccupied with the changes to my body which immediately drew my attention, but when I moved my gaze from my body to my face, my jaw dropped and my mouth hung open as if frozen in a silent scream. I could see the color draining out of my face as I just stood there in horror and gazed at what once were my beautiful brown eyes. Gone were the round brown and black disks surrounded by a sea of white. The white, brown and black colors had been replaced by pure black that reminded me of something that could be seen in one of the late twentieth century horror movies that my room mate Emiko used to enjoy watching.

I stood there motionless trying to understand what had happened to my eyes and then after several minutes of panic, my mind seized upon a the vision that I had during my anti-agapic conversion process, Jandal, Sharami, and Meda the Kamaloids had monochromic eyes. This had me wondering if the eye color change was to be my new normal or could I change my appearance at will like I could between human and feline forms. I stood staring at my eyes in the mirror as I attempted to activate what I liked to call my feline night vision, and for the first time I was able to witness the transformation. 

The change was instantaneous as the black lakes inside the almond shaped openings were replaced by pools of vibrant yellow with dark black slits in their center. My vision instantly improved as I was now viewing the world as a cat would and I found out that just like before, the change would stay until I willed myself to return to my normal vision, and when I did, my dark black eyes returned. I experimented with my eyes and went through several transformations before I was able to get my old white, brown and black eyes back, and as the panic left my body and rational thought returned, I decided to leave my eyes all black so that the humanoids that had been tending to me did not realize that I was able to change my form at will.
