 Kevin woke slowly with a warm comfortable weight on his chest. He and Mina had fallen asleep in the same position after they had finished making love the night before. The sex had been ferocious after they got out of the bath. Twice more they had made love and the final time had been even more athletic than usual. 

Now that Kevin knew about the condoms, he could tell when he wore one but he had to agree with Mina, they didn't change any of the feeling, even when he knew he had one on, he could barely tell. If they marketed them on Earth, Mina's planet would be rich beyond words. But the previous night's last round had been special. They had lain on the bed, snuggling in their post orgasmic haze, kissing and touching when Mina had gripped his cock and started stroking him to get him hard again. Kevin had reached for the condom and Mina had stopped him. 

"No," she had whispered, "this time I want to feel you cumming inside me. We have enough of your sperm for tonight." She had mounted him quickly and proceeded to ride him like a jockey. Kevin had not be idle during their last frantic encounter, he had played with her breasts, stroked her sides and when she finally reached her last orgasm, his pinching of her clit had pushed her to new heights, she had squirted her essence all over him as her walls clenched so tightly around him that Kevin feared she had hurt him, but it still caused him to explode deep within her. 

His orgasm, the biggest he had ever had, has shot his semen deeply into her already occupied womb but that had only caused her orgasm to spiral even higher. Mina has screamed with joy and Kevin had driven his hips upward with a grunt of release. Mina collapsed and passed out and Kevin wasn't far behind her. Now he woke with his usual morning wood and a problem. 

Mina was deeply asleep and every time he tried to move her, she snuggled in deeper into his embrace, clutching him tighter. Kevin decided that he would use his hard-on to his advantage. He had slipped out of her in the night, but as he had hardened in his sleep, he had lengthened and split her lips and the head of his cock rested on her clit. A slight shifting of his hips and she responded still asleep. Kevin could feel her juices start to flow around his cock and he wiggled slightly. Mina moaned in her sleep and her hips began to keep time with his, her subconscious trying to keep the pleasurable feelings going. 

Kevin waited until he was good and wet and then shifted his hips again and slipped into her damp cunt. Mina cooed with delight as Kevin started to work his way deeper into her moist cavern. Kevin smiled and rocked his hips deeper with each movement and Mina responded, her own hips starting to counter point his movements trying to get him deeper with each thrust. Only when Kevin was fully seated in her pussy did she start to wake up. 

"MMMMHHH, UUHH, Kevin, what..." She mumbled. 

"Good morning Captain." Kevin said with an evil smile as he pushed up on her shoulders. Mina sat up on his hips, still half asleep but her eyes opened suddenly has she reached her sitting position, her hips met his and Kevin drove upwards sharply. 

"KKKKEEEEVVVVVVIIIINNNNNNNNNNNN..." Mina screamed in orgasm. Her kegel muscles locked down on him and she squirted again. "What (pant pant) are you (groan) doing to (pant) to me? At least, oooohhhhhh let me wake uuuuuhhhhhnnnnnn up first." 

"I have been trying to wake you for ten minutes before you found yourself in this terrible position." Kevin said calmly as he kept driving his hips up into her while he stroked her flanks. "It is not my fault that you wouldn't move so that I could take care of my morning hard-on, so I decided to put it good use." 

"Aaaaaaaawwwwww, at least let a girl wake up first." Mina complained insincerely, her hips still working. 

"Where is the fun in that?" Kevin asked. "Now can you get off so that I can go take a piss?" 

"No chance," Mina retorted. "You started this, now you have to finish me. I am not letting you up till I feel you shoot that load deep into me and put the fire out." She swiveled her hips around on his cock. 

"You sure you really want to take this challenge?" Kevin asked flexing his cock in her cunt and having it hit her g-spot. 

"Do your worst." Mina said with a leer and a shudder of delight. 

"Okay, you asked for it." Kevin replied with a leer of his own. He flipped her over onto her back staying embedded in her snatch and he started to pound her. Mina howled in delight and locked her limbs about him. Her arms encircled his neck and her legs locked behind his knees, giving her a better purchase to thrust up at him. 

Kevin put all of his weight on his elbows and knees and slipped his hands up under her back and grabbed her shoulders from underneath. This gave him total control and he thrust up and pulled down on her shoulders simultaneously. This got him still deeper into her body and she screamed in delight. Kevin fucked her hard and after several minutes, he rolled onto his side to ease the strain on his arms and legs, but he kept fucking her. 

Mina responded to his movement by twisting her hips and rocking against him. She had lost count of her orgasms and she was beginning to tire, but Kevin was still going strong. She had never seen this amount of stamina from him and she was beginning to worry that she bitten off more than she could chew. 

"Kevin, Kevin, enough, please..." Mina said with a gasp several orgasmic minutes later, her eyes were closed and her head lolled from side to side with each thrust of his cock. Her limbs hung limp on the bed. Kevin slowed his movements, but he didn't stop entirely. 

"Had enough?" Kevin asked and she nodded weakly. He drove one last time into her as deep as possible and she screamed and came again, then he stopped thrusting and slipped out of her. He rolled onto his back and slipped from the bed as she screamed. 

"KEVIN I'M BLIND." She scrambled around on the bed feeling for his hand. 

"Relax; it is just low blood flow to the optic nerve. It will pass in a moment." He slid back onto the bed and pulled her close. Mina clutched at him in panic. 

"Do you do this often to your women?" She demanded. 

"It has happened a time or two before." Kevin said, pulling her close. "Keep blinking." 

Mina did as she was told and slowly began to calm. 

"You could have warned me you know." She said after a minute. 

"I didn't know we had been at it that long." Kevin said gently. "Are you seeing any better now?" 

"Yes, I can see shapes now." 

"Good, then can I go to the bathroom now before I mess the bed?" 

Mina giggled and let go of him and he slipped out of bed and almost ran to the toilet. Mina laughed as she heard the giant sigh of relief Kevin made as he let loose a stream of urine. 

"Feeling better?" Mina asked in an innocent voice as she heard him finish. 

"Yes, greatly," Kevin sighed as he turned on the shower. 

"What caused that heroic display of stamina and sexual prowess?" Mina inquired as she slipped out of bed and made her way by feel to the bathroom, her eyesight had not completely returned. 

"Since you are a woman I can honestly say that you have never tried to come past a piss hard-on." Kevin responded reaching for the shampoo as she sat on the commode. 

"Very true," Mina responded with another giggle. She finished her business and joined him in the shower. Her hands encircled his body and she rubbed her breasts against him, cooing in delight. "I love you so much." 

Kevin twisted in her grip and put his arms around her. He loved the feel of her slick skin against him. "I love you too baby, and you are carrying our children, I can't wait." Her flat, for the moment, stomach rubbed his belly. 

"I want to say that I can feel them growing, but it is only wishful thinking." She sighed, laying her head against his chest. 

"I know, but still it is an important feeling, knowing that they are in there and growing stronger each day." Kevin whispered into her hair. They clung to each other for several minutes before Mina pushed back against him. 

"Enough of this lollygagging around," she said sternly. "We have a meeting in," she paused to check the time display on her implant, "fifteen minutes, so let's get going." 

"I'm done; you are the one that won't let me out of here, demanding more hugs and cuddles all the time." Kevin said trying to pull her still closer. Mina slapped him on the ass. 

"Are you complaining?" She demanded forcefully. 

"Not at all," Kevin replied bending slightly to kiss her nose and nipping it with his teeth. 

"Good," Mina said pushing him out the shower. "Get out and shave." 

"Yes Ma'am." He replied meekly and stepped quickly from the shower before she could do more than shake a fist at him. 

Kevin was pulling on a polo shirt, his slacks already on, but still open as Mina stepped out of the bathroom still naked and damp. He paused long enough to whistle at her and she shook her behind at him. 

"Let's go." Mina told him slipping two wrist bands of metal on. They were about five centimeters wide and less than two centimeters thick, other than that she was still naked. 

"Um, as much as I love the look of you naked, I am not ready to share it with the rest of the ship." Kevin said still half dressed. 

"Don't worry about it," Mina replied airily, fiddling with the bracelets as she walked out of the bedroom. "Come on, we are going to be late." 

Kevin tucked his shirt in and did up his pants, slipped on his shoes and followed Mina out of the bedroom. 

"Mina I don't..." Kevin's voice trailed off as he stepped into the living room and found Mina dressed in a skin tight black body suit, Her hands were exposed and her tail flitted airily around behind her, her feet were encased in the same material, with heels to fit her feet. The suit had four broad white strips on her sleeves, and a small name tag of the same flowing script he had seen in the hologram the previous night indicating the writing on her planet, on the left breast. Beneath that was her name in English. 

"Is there a fetish party somewhere that I don't know about Mistress?" He questioned with a small bow. 

"And what are you wearing?" Mina asked with a grin. 

"Clothes," Kevin replied. 

"Your uniform is on the sofa." Mina told him pointing. 

Kevin looked at the clothes and blanched. On the sofa was a red shirt and black pants, mid calf boots on the floor. The shirt was very reminiscent of one worn on a television show about space from the sixties. Kevin recognized it instantly and turned to look at Mina with a scowl. 

"I am not wearing that." He said definitely. 

"Why not," Mina asked with innocence, "because the guy in the red shirt never comes back?" 

Kevin looked at her with askance. 

"Just kidding love," Mina said with huge smile. "Here put these on and loose the clothes." 

"We don't have time for anything like that." Kevin told her with a dark look. 

Mina shot him the same look back at him and handed him the same bracelets that she wore. Where hers were trimmed in white, his were plain black. He slipped them over his hands and they shrank to fit his wrists. Instantly he felt a connection with his implant and the same space black material that covered Mina slid up his arms and covered his entire body. His was plain space black and his name tag was white. 

"This is our uniform for being underway." Mina told him. "It will protect you from the radiation of space." 

"And your other uniform," Kevin asked as he stripped off the polo shirt. 

"When we are in orbit, we settled deep enough to be covered by that planets magnetic field. That gives the crew a break from these. White trim," she said pointing to her own strips on her bracelets, "indicate command staff, science and medical is blue and support and engineering is green." 

Kevin slipped off his pants and the space black material covered his entire body, including boots with deep treads. 

"If we lose pressure, the suit will seal automatically and protect you. The charging bases are on your side of the bed." Mina told him pointing. "At night take them off and set them in the base for charging. If you need to go to the bathroom, just concentrate on that and your implants and the suit will accommodate you. Now let's get moving to the meeting." Mina grabbed his hand and led him out the door and down the corridor to the meeting room. 

The usual table and chairs had been doubled, each human was accompanied by his mate, and all were dressed as he and Mina. All of the males' suits were simple black just as his was; their mates were colour coded as to their specialty. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, we have a serious issue." Mina told them by way of an introduction. "Yesterday at approximately nineteen thirty hours Zulu, your time, United States Ambassador Kevin Jacobs and I completed a comm conference with the governing Council of our planet and I immediately ordered this ship to leave orbit and execute a plan that myself and my officers came up with, Plan Omega Four." 

The female members of the crew mostly just looked at each other in confusion, but the few with white trim on their uniforms stared at the Captain in shock. 

"The contents of the conference are available in the main computer and in a few moments we will adjourn so that you can view it, we will reconvene tomorrow after you have had a chance to digest the recording. Any questions you may have about the Council or procedure your mates can answer for you and of course Kevin will be available to respond to any other inquires, but in essence Kevin and I both believe that the Council will order additional ships into this sector to begin abducting males of your species and use them as breeding stock, basically they will be slaves. 

"Kevin and I both argued against this, but I fear that our arguments fell on deaf ears. The ships are coming and we have to begin to work out our response when they catch up to us. To that end we have placed a communications satellite in orbit around Earth and several other planets in this sector of space. Our communications signal has been bouncing around between all of them to hide our location. As of this moment, we are on the way to a similar but uninhabited planet. It is actually a very nice planet, and could be a vacation resort world, there is everything there needed to sustain life, but life never developed on this world. That is the essence of Omega Four." 

"Mina, is it possible to contact my government?" Kevin asked. 

"Of course, the relay in orbit will allow real time communications from almost any system we are in." Mina replied. "Who would you like to contact?" 

"I need to talk to the President and I think that all of these gentlemen need to speak to their respective leaders both individually and collectively." Kevin replied looking around the table. "The United States government does not speak for the entire planet and I think that these gentlemen need to get instructions from their own leaders." 

"Kevin we can definitely set that in motion right now, but introducing additional personnel into the conferences with the Council might make things worse." Mina told him. 

"Worse, how," Kevin asked. 

"Quite simple mate," Geoffrey the English man responded. "If the Council of their world sees us as divided and fractured, how long do you think it will take them to realize that they can take us down one country at a time? If we present a united front, then they may pause a little and think about this." Other heads nodded around the table. 

"He is right Kevin." Mina agreed. 

"I have already mentioned to the council that there are several governments on earth, so they already know we are not ruled by one group." Kevin said. 

"True," Hishiro the Japanese ambassador said. "But that could simply be a matter to location, or precedence. If we present a united front, and use the U.N. as it was meant to be used, they won't be able to take us one at a time." 

"I understand, but we still need their input, if only to keep their governments involved." Kevin replied. "If their governments feel that the U.S. is making all of the decisions, regardless of the appearance that we present your Council, then problems will arise in our governments." 

Nodding in agreement Mina touched the table top and the area in front of her lit and she hit another button. 

"Bridge Communications, Lieutenant *****," a soft pleasant voice came out of the air. 

"Captain here, please link into the relay and contact the President of the United States." 

"Yes Captain, audio only or full visual?" The lieutenant responded even as they could here keys being pressed at the other end. 

"Audio only until we get the President." Mina responded. There were several seconds of silence then the comm. officer came back on. 

"Captain, they have disconnect the line saying that we don't have access to the President." Kevin laughed quietly. 

"What do you mean?" Mina demanded shooting Kevin a dark look. 

"The "White House Switchboard" refused to connect the call and hung up after saying that the President was busy and we should make a formal request to speak with him through our representative." The officer sounded both confused and contrite at having to pass this information along. Mina turned and looked at Kevin dumbfounded. 

"How do you people get anything done?" Mina asked and the men at the table all laughed. 

"Lieutenant, I assume you did not say where you are calling from?" Kevin asked. 

"No sir," she replied quickly. "We have standing orders about that and anyway..." 

"The switchboard would not have believed you." Kevin finished for her. "Can you please call back and put me in touch with the switchboard?" He requested as he accessed the tabletop database. 

"Yes sir," and there was a few seconds of silence before a new voice came on. 

"White House Switchboard, how may I direct your call?" 

"Mrs. Carol Davenport please," Kevin said confidently. 

"One moment... Carol Davenport how may I help you today?" 

"Mrs. Davenport, this is Ambassador Jacobs, I need to speak to the President." Kevin said blushing. He hated his title. 

"Ah, sir we have no Ambassador Jacobs and the President is rather busy at the moment. If you would contact your representative's office I am certain that they will be able to assist you." 

"Mrs. Davenport, I am Ambassador Kevin Jacobs, appointed by the President two days ago, you may not have me on your list yet." 

"Sir the President does not make direct ambassadorial appointments, all such appointments go through... did you say two days ago?" 

"Yes I did," Kevin responded cheerfully. 

"The President only made one appointment in the last two days." She said softly. 

"Yes he did." Kevin agreed. 

"Mr. Ambassador, all contact from your embassy needs to go through the State department." Carol told them. 

"I have no contact at the State Department Mrs. Davenport." Kevin responded. 

"I'm sorry sir, but the President is in a meeting and cannot be disturbed." 

"Mrs. Davenport, I wouldn't call unless it was a matter of great importance, interrupt his meeting please." 

"But Mr. Ambassador the President has left standing orders..." 

"Now Mrs. Davenport," Kevin ordered. 

"But sir..." 

"Don't make me repeat myself Mrs. Davenport." Kevin said, his tone broking no argument. "Or would you like to explain to the President that you are responsible for a major incident with a friendly power?" 

"Yes sir." There was a few seconds of silence and then a subtle click, the President appeared and spoke. 

"Kevin, we do have a chain of command for a reason you know." 

"Oh really sir," Kevin countered with an obvious grin. "And just who at the State Department deals with the Ambassador for Extra Terrestrials?" There was another pause and then the President smiled weakly and nodded, conceding the point. 
