 Memoirs of Kitty Siam – One Way Ticket.

His name was Attu, the Alpha of Prim'u village. Unlike the Pa'u who referred to themselves as villagers, the Prim'u thought of themselves as a tribe. From this reference and Attu's description of his people, I got the impression that they were more people oriented than the Pa'u who put the village needs ahead of those of the individual. Seeing Attu alone in the dark at the stream gave me the idea that I needed to put the wants of my little kitty ahead of the needs of anyone else.

Attu had been busy tending to some drama that had cropped up in his tribe and missed the sunset bathing ritual that both groups had agreed upon. Attu began splashing about, enjoying his time alone and did not notice me sneaking up on him from behind. As he reached for the soap my hand beat him to it, and his hand landed upon mine. In the darkness he could not see me or identify who I was, though he probably would guess in the morning being that I was the only female in the camp that was almost as tall as he was and spoke with a strange accent that had never been heard in his village before.

I took the soap in both hands and worked up a good lather, and then I began the washing ritual that I had observed many times in the Pa'u village. I leaned in tight and pressed my breasts against his strong warm back. My nipples came alive as they brushed against his flesh. From behind I reached around and applied the soap to his chest. I started from his shoulders and worked my way down his wonderfully muscled pectorals. My fingers found his nipples as my soapy hands played over his chest. Teasingly I circled my fingers around each firm brown nub and enjoyed the feeling of them hardening more to my touch. At the same time I pressed in harder from behind and used my breast to massage his back, which was a prelude to my pressing my lips against the side of his neck and giving it a playful nip, followed by a little suction.

In no time I had him squirming and moaning as I massaged, soaped, and nibbled my way across his shoulder and up and down his neck. Once I had his chest and abs thoroughly soaped I began working on his back with my hands, and then with my chest. As I pushed forward, he pushed back against me causing my firm little twins to pancake against my ribs. The more contact my nipples made with his flesh, the more excited I became. The soap was now beginning to dry out and was becoming stickier than slippery, so I started splashing his chest and back with water. As I splashed he turned to me and splashed back which resulted in an all out splashing battle that only ended when he picked up my naked body and tossed me into the middle of the stream.

As I came back up from under the water he was laughing wildly and commenting on how big a splash as slender girl could make. Not to be out done by him I calmly made my way back to him then as quickly as I could I twisted into him, put my butt up against his hip as my arm slipped under his. Before he realized what was about to happen I pitched forward and pushed backward with my backside and leveraged him over me. I hip tossed him over me causing him to land in the water with a big splash. Now it was my turn to laugh as he dragged himself up to his feet to stand before me.

We stood eye to eye, but it was only my cat's eyes that could really see in the darkness. He smirked at me and I smirked back, and then my right hand moved like a fish under the water to take hold of his manhood and give it a few gentle strokes. My hand moved faster and that was when he leaned towards me and whispered, "I have a wife waiting for me back in my village." 

I did not have any words to say nor did really want to talk. I had been born to be a sexual creature in service to a galactic corporation and my partner's fidelity or infidelity never was a concern of mine, nor was it ever supposed to be. I had been trained well to serve and service my owners and that night my lust was my owner and this owner would not be disobeyed. 

With my hand firmly wrapped around his impressive mass of man meat I led him from the water back to solid ground. He stumbled a few times as it was too dark for him to see where he was walking. Once on dry land I led him over to a patch of smooth boulders and pushed him backwards against the largest one then pressed my lips to his as I softly rubbed the head of his pole against my warm hairless little kitty.

I gasped softly against his lips as I used mine to part his, and once his lips were parted slightly I pushed my long slender tongue inside his mouth. He was confused at first as I was getting the impression that he had never had a woman be this sexually aggressive with him, but soon he learned his role in all of this and began kissing me back very passionately. Our tongues wrestled and our hands explored each other's body he took control as an Alpha was expected to do. His hands circled around behind me and cupped my small firm butt. His hands were large enough that he could get both cheeks in one hand but he chose to use two anyway.

I was quickly lifted off the ground and carried a few feet away over to a large flat and very smooth boulder that resembled a tabletop. The rock was big enough for the two of us to recline on but that was not his intention just yet. As he carried me and set me upon the rock, his fingers slinked and snaked over my two lower holes. My wet flesh made it easy for him to slip one finger in to each hole and sink them in to his first knuckle. As he began to work his fingers in deeper I nipped playfully at his tongue with my teeth which caused him to move his fingers faster and just a little deeper. 

Attu set me down on the rock and removed his fingers from me, which brought a pout to my face that he could not see in the darkness. Thankfully he was not done with me as I soon felt his hand upon my right breast. He massaged the right, and then the left before gently pushing me down on my back on top of the large flat boulder. At first I felt his warm breath caressing my nipple and then I felt his lips surrounding it and sucking softly. He pulled my nipple between his lips with strong suction then held it there for his tongue to flick over as his teeth prevented the small-engorged nub from escaping. My back arched and my hand went to the back of his head to run though his long thick black hair. My fingers moved through his hair like a sensual comb before gripping it tightly and using it as a handle to press his face against my breast.

As I took control of his hair and kept his lips and tongue on my nipple, his right hand moved between my long slender legs and pushed them apart, though he really did not need to push hard as I fully cooperated and gave him all the access he wanted. I had a smile from ear to ear as his lips, tongue and fingers played with my most sensitive parts. He slid two fingers into me as his tongue worked over my right nipple, and this was when my body began to tremble through its first of many orgasms. As I squirmed and spasmed under his control his fingers worked in and out faster and as they sunk in fully I felt a small puddle begin to form under my bare little butt. A few more minutes of his expert attention and I collapsed and relaxed as my orgasm subsided, though this did not stop his mouth and fingers as they continue to pleasure me.

I took a few moments to catch my breath then sat up and without making a sound I pushed him down onto his back. Now it was time for me to do what I do best. My hand found his manhood in the darkness and softly began to stroke its length. He was still as hard as the rock we were laying on as I leaned over him and took the head of his shaft into my mouth. My breasts pressed against his thigh and flattened out as I began to slowly move my lips up and down his shaft's top few inches. My tongue caressed the bulbous head as it moved in and out of my mouth. His hand moved to the back of my head and pushed softly which as we all know is the universal sign to go down farther, which of course I did but ever so slowly.

I took my time and moved down inch by inch. His equipment was a bit narrower in the shaft than Raffa's but what he lacked in shaft width, he more than made up for with the girth of his head. It was the size of his head that was preventing me from taking him fully into my throat. There was no way that big ripe purple plumb was ever going to get down my throat even with my lack of a gag reflex, it was never ever going to happen. 

Once I realized that I could not go down on him fully I began to stroke the lower half of his haft with my hand while my mouth moved up and down the top. Even though the head was large I was still able to get the first four inches into my mouth comfortably and at that depth I had to resist the pressure that his hand was putting on the back of my head. Once I got into a rhythm I closed my eyes and started to pick up speed. My mouth made soft slurping noises as his mouth made loud but soft moaning noises.

His wet shaft moved easily in and out of my mouth and from time to time I would pull my mouth off and lick its length to keep it nice and slick for my hand to slide up and down as well. One thing that always amazed me was how excited I became while moving my mouth up and down such a perfect piece of man meat. Without even a touch I always found myself wet, and today was no exception because as I was on my knees bent over Attu's thigh, my own moisture was leaving a thin wet trail down the inside of my right thigh. I knew now that we were both wet enough to try to get that huge plumb sized head into my sopping little kitty.

I pulled my lips off of him but kept a hold of his shaft with my hand. His first instinct was to use his grip on my hair to pull my lips back to his tool but I was able to resist long enough to move myself over him to straddle his lap. With my hand holding his sausage I aimed the fat tip at my soon to be very stretched little kitty and began to lower myself. His hand left my hair and soon both of his hands were gripping my slender hips. It was a delicate balancing act for me as I was determined to let that hideously huge head slide slowly into me so as not to cause myself an injury. Believe me, a torn kitty is a seriously painful thing to endure.

I slowly let my weight settle onto his organ and I felt myself begin to spread and stretch. Once his head was pressing against my entrance I moved my hand down to my little wet kitty and used two fingers to help spread myself as the head began to slide into me. I winced and bit my lip as I had about half of that head inside me but there was still more stretching and spreading to go. Slowly I pulled myself up and then settled down again and took a bit more of his head inside me. I whimpered softly as more of him slid in which had me at the halfway point of getting that head inside me.

Several more times I moved up and down and each time I stretched more and more he finally got impatient and used his grip on my hips to pull me down just enough that the head popped inside. I wanted to scream but knowing how close we were to the camp, the last thing I wanted to do was to alert the campers as to what we were doing. We really did not need an audience, though I would have been perfectly comfortable with being watched, I doubt that his marriage would survive the encounter.

Once the head was inside I would normally slide up and off of him and then go down again. There is just something that I really enjoy about that sort of thing but after having as much trouble as I did getting that thing inside of me, it was damn sure going to stay where it was until it gave up its goo.

I took a few minutes to adjust to his size but I must confess that I never did get fully comfortable with that huge bulb inside of me. After a little bit of wiggling and squirming I was ready to continue and after the little stunt that Attu had pulled by impaling me on his tool, he was content to allow me a bit of time to adjust and get comfortable. After encountering two of the men here on this planet, I can see why the girls are as wide as wide in the hips as they are. I had not done any examinations up close but I suspected that their build was in a way complimentary to the length and girth of their men's equipment.

Slowly I took more of him into me as I allowed myself to slide down. I leaned forward and pressed the palms of my hands to Attu's shoulders, and as I adjusted my position, he lowered his hands to grip my butt cheeks. He used his grip on me like a handle to move me up and down his shaft. I was thankful that he was being gentle about it. As he continued to move me up and down his fleshy pipe, he used one finger to transfer some of the wetness from my kitty to my tight little back entrance. It felt so good as he slid his finger in and out in time with his manhood spearing my kitty.

He released my hips and now it was his turn to do some of the work. He began thrusting upward into me and by now I was taking most of his root and his finger into me. He built up a very effective rhythm and as soon as he wrapped his lips around my nipple and sucked hard, I became a quivering orgasmic mess as I struggled to remain on my knees while the head of his tool pummeled my insides.

I lay on top of him for a few minutes while he continued to work his proud pole in and out of me, and I was thankful that he kept the head inside but now I grew concerned as he started to move under me as if he was about to change positions. As he rolled me onto my side I whispered in his ear, "If you pull that thing out of me now, I will kill you!"

Of course it was an empty threat, which caused him to chuckle. However, he did get the message and was kind enough to leave himself in me as we repositioned ourselves. We put ourselves through quite an act of contortion as he spun me around on his lap so that I was facing away from him with my back to his chest. His hand gripped my thighs as he flipped me over so that I was now on my hands and knees facing downward and looking at the smooth surface of our kitty-stained rock.

It was now his turn to take control as his hands gripped my hips and he pushed forward. He was still being quite gentle and by now I had two thirds of his meat pressed deep inside me, but that horrible thick head was dangerously close to my cervix. I did my best to keep him from plowing in fully. As he picked up speed I had to move my hand behind me to press the palm of my hand against his hip to keep him from pushing in all the way. Unfortunately the more exited he got the more he lost control and my small hand and thin arm was no match for him and he began to force himself all the way inside of me.

Though it was painful at times I was able to move and twist slightly to block most of the impact, but after several minutes of this my body once again began to tremble through its most violent orgasm of the night. The mixture of pain and pleasure sent me quickly over the edge. My arms and legs became too wobbly and the only thing left holding me up was my lover's death grip on my hips.

I could tell several times during our night together that he was close to exploding inside me but he did his best to hold it, and finally he could hold it no longer. Like all the men here the fear of creating life with out permission was great and he did not want to finish in side me, even though I turned my head to look back at him and let him know that I could not have a baby. He was unconvinced and now my greatest fear was that he was going to pull out and try to come in my tightest hole. This was something that I was sure would do great damage to me, so I pleaded with him to come inside me or at least let me finish him off with my mouth.

There was no longer any time to reason or discuss this issue as his explosion was near and would not be denied. I was disappointed when he pulled out of me, but I was thankful that he did not jam that huge head into my backside. Instead of pushing inside, he aimed the head at my tiny back hole and stroked his manhood until it began spraying his seed over my lower back and between my lower cheeks.

He directed the majority of his human gusher toward my little dark brown star. Gob after gob impacted between my cheeks and slowly oozed down over my bare little kitty before sliding down my long slender thighs to the rock below. It seemed as if the torrent went on forever and as I looked down between my legs I could see that the puddle there had doubled in size. As the flow began to subside, Attu took his thumb and began to smear his seed round my back entrance and from time to time he would push his thumb inside me and as he did I would push back gently to take more of it inside me. Soon I was purring softly and now as I pushed back on his thumb, I could feel the huge head of his manhood bobbing against my downward pointing little love button, which was bringing forth yet another series of orgasmic quakes.

As I was pushing back harder and faster now, his whole thumb slid into me repeatedly and soon I found his thumb replaced with one finger. His finger slipped deep inside my cum splattered backside and it was not long before one finger became two, which was stretching me a bit more than I was comfortable with but it felt good and I let him continue. He was letting me push back at my own pace and when he got both fingers fully inside me my orgasm started. Now he changed tactics and griped my hip with one hand then pushed the fingers of his other hand inside me and as he twisted his two fingers inside me, my orgasm began and ripped through my body.

I was now pushing back as hard as I could, impaling myself on his fingers. I found myself biting the palm of my hand to keep from crying out as wave after continuing wave of orgasm pulsed through me. In between pants and squeals of joy I would hiss out words like, "harder", and "more" and his muscular arm would drive his fingers hard and deep inside my backside. He was pushing forward and I was pushing back as hard as I could and as I moved forward he pulled his fingers out, and without thinking I pushed myself backward and rammed that huge plum sized head past the guarding sphincter. I was so lost in my orgasm that I failed to realize that he had repositioned himself so that I would impale myself on his tool the next time I pushed myself backwards. He knew a terrible scream was coming and was quick to lean forward and clamp his hand over my mouth to keep me silent, then with his hand over my mouth he pressed his lips to my ear and whispered, "I will stay still while you move, but you must take it all!"

Now I was caught between pleasure and pain and pain was winning out. Even though his fingers had stretched me, I was still not ready for that monster and he knew it. After a few minutes of tears streaming down my face while soft whimpers escaped my covered lips I began to comply with the Alpha's order and pushed back very slowly. I would push back and take a half-inch inside me, then slide forward to let the pain subside then slide back a bit more. I took my time taking him in slowly while he kept true to his word and remained still while letting me impale my self on his illustrious pole.

From time to time he would laugh and slap my butt hard and urge me on. Finally I turned my head toward him, growled and threatened to bit him, but that only got me another slap on the ass for acting the brat. I suspect it had been about ten agonizing minutes before I got more than half of him inside me and it was around this time that the initial barrage of pain from his abrupt entry had subsided enough for me to dare to force the rest of him inside me. I held my breath, bit my lip and pushed backwards until I felt my little tush press up against his hips, and it was then that I knew I had him all the way inside me.

He let me slide up and down his length now at my own deliberately slow pace and from time to time I felt a little twinge of pain, which caused me to tighten myself around him. My tightening brought many gasps of pleasure from his lips and soon I got myself in to a nice gentle rhythm. My speed seemed to be a bit too slow for him and while I knew he found my movements pleasurable as evidenced by the swelling of his pole, he wanted things to go a bit faster. His thick rough hands clamped onto my willowy hips, his fingers dug into my flesh and he took control. His hands pulled me back as his hips thrust forward and soon he was building up speed. The sounds of his flesh slapping against mine could be heard as he powered himself in and out of tortured little brown star. 
