 Memoirs of Kitty Siam – Trees. 

There is unrest in the forest and the creatures all have fled! - Rush 

We departed Qualor Station and made our way through the asteroid field then set course for a planet called Pitzal. It was unusual that there was no star associated with this planet. I rummaged through the Annunaki star charts and data bases to find more information on our destination but there was nothing listed other than planetary landing coordinates. Before engaging the FTL drive both Megyn and I took a few shots with the newly install projectile spitting cannon. We blew up a few small asteroids and discovered that the targeting system was slightly off. It was not much of a problem and a few minor software adjustments had the rounds hitting our next targets dead center. For obvious reasons we did not test fire any of the Mentok missiles, but we did a few simulated runs to ensure that there were no targeting issues. 

It took a little under fourteen hours for us to arrive in orbit around Pitzal. We circled the planet twice trying to locate our designated landing zone. When we approached Dushambi and Qualor a beacon activated that guided us toward our landing zone. We expected the same here but there was no signal to guide the Koloth in. We went in manually to the coordinates that were listed on our flight plan but when we found ourselves over the proposed landing zone we found the area covered with red and black flowing magma. I contacted Sheba to confirm we were on the right planet and she replied that she was in contact with the facility and that maintenance bots were standing by to service our ship. That short conversation told me that the facility was under ground like the ones on Galora, Angkor, and Anora Prime but the lava flow had sealed the landing bay doors rendering the facility below useless to us as a rest stop. 

We made one more low level orbit of the planet looking for a safe place for us to camp out for a few hours, but Megyn's sensors told her that due to planet wide volcanic activity the atmosphere was unable to support human life due to the toxic volcanic gasses that were circulating around the planet. We decided at that point to find another location to spend our rest period. 

There were three other planets in the system but none of them were capable of sustaining human life. Megyn adjusted her scanners to search for habitable planets instead of hostile vessels and after about an hour of cruising about aimlessly she found an uninhabited planet capable of supporting human life that was close by. I set course and engaged the FTL drive. In a few minutes we settled into a low orbit. Megyn scanned the planet as we made our first full trip around the globe and confirmed the existence of life, but no life signs that could be considered humanoid or intelligent. Megyn found us a landing zone in a grassy field near a large fresh water lake on one of the southern continents and that is where we made our landing. 

Together we set up a two-person tent that we found in the compartment marked "Survival Gear." Included with the tent were two lightweight sleeping bags, which we also made use of. We set up camp and built a small area for a fire pit near the tent. We really did not need a fire, but it was a nice touch and it made us feel a bit like pioneers. We also did not need the fire to keep away the predators since we planned on extending the Koloth's shields around our little camp while we slept. I suppose we just wanted to enjoy the pioneer experience for a few hours. Megyn made a few jokes about a guy named "John Wayne" but the reference was lost on me. I think she was doing an imitation of him when she deepened her voice and told me, "Ya better find us some firewood pilgrim!" 

I changed out of my flight suit and into my comfy lightweight cargos, t-shirt and hiking boots combination. It seemed like a pretty good combination to go traipsing through the brush while foraging for firewood. Megyn changed clothing also before she began arranging rocks for a small fire pit. From her duffle bag she pulled out a cut off pair of cammo shorts and an OD green t-shirt to wear. Once a Marine, always a Marine I hear people say. I bring this up because she was the driving force behind setting up this camp. I would have been just as happy to stretch out on the wing of the Koloth, but Megyn was into this so I went along with it to keep my back back-seater happy. 

I came back with my arms full of wood that I picked up from the ground just beyond the tree line. There was no need to climb a tree to hack off a few limbs when there was plenty of dead wood for the taking. While I was off foraging my feline sense of smell detected a whiff of something that smelled like prey. Since we went through all this trouble collecting firewood and building a fire pit, we might as well have something to roast over that fire. Before I set off on my hunt I looked around for Megyn and found her shorts and t-shirt laying on a rock beside the lake. Figuring that she was taking a swim or a quick bath I transformed into feline form and went after a small snack for the two of us. 

About fifty yards or so into the woods I was hot on the trail of whatever it was I was hunting. To me it sort of smelled like bacon so that was a good enough reason for me to keep going. I came to a small clearing and there was my snack grazing on the grasses and weeds that grew there. I set off on a dead run and I had covered about half the distance between the tree line and my prey before it noticed me charging towards it. The small pig-like creature let out a loud squeal of fright before it turned and tried to out run me. Silly piggy... 

I returned to our campsite with a fully dressed and cleaned pig just waiting to be roasted, but Megyn was nowhere to be seen. Her clothing was still on the rock by the lake and I could hear some noises in the brush behind a grove of saplings. To me the noises sounded like a human relieving herself in one of many degrees of constipation. I thought about making a few jokes as my partner took care of her private business but I really was not impressed with the "poop" jokes that I was coming up with so I just let it go and let her do what she was doing in peace. 

I fashioned a crude spit out of a few sticks that I picked out of the firewood pile and placed the pig over the fire to begin cooking. My arms and cheeks were smeared with the blood of the creature that I had killed so while the meat was cooking I decided to head down to the lake and clean myself up. I did not have to worry about the blood on my clothing as the wardrobe device automatically cleans and sanitizes each outfit when it is removed. 

I waded slowly into the water until I was in a little more than knee deep. I started splashing myself with water as I called out for Megyn to join me. I told her that the water is fine and there is a beautiful view of the moon reflecting off the water that she is missing out on. I did not hear a reply from her as I slipped into the lake a bit more. As I stared at the moon's reflection as it danced on the water between three old dead tree trunks jutting out of the lake I felt a sudden stinging sensation in my right thigh. When I looked down I saw a long thin barbed quill sticking out of my upper thigh. There was a thin trickle of blood running from the wound caused. I tried to pull it free from my leg but that only intensified the pain as the barbs were digging deeper into my flesh and excreting some sort of toxin. 

A numbing sensation was beginning to radiate outwards from the wound and I could feel myself going numb from the waist down. I tried harder to pull out the quill, and as I pulled I felt a similar stabbing sensation in on my left side between underarm and breast, and another just below my left shoulder on my back. 

I tried to move my legs to get back to solid ground but my legs would not move. As much as I exerted my will upon them, they would not cooperate. As the toxin began to spread through my upper my skeletal muscles began to atrophy. Panic set in and the last thing I wanted to do was to end up face down in the water with useless arms and legs. With the last vestige of mobility that I had left I pitched my body forward by shifting my weight and tried to lunge for solid ground. I fell forward but my momentum was interrupted as a cold wet appendage wrapped around my slender waist and circled around me three times. The thick sucker covered tentacle covered my abdomen from my hips to just below my ribs. 

I attempted to scream but as I did I felt something snake its way into my open mouth and press quickly against the back of my throat. This appendage was much thinner than the one that was wrapped around me and was now jerking my naked body out of the water. The tip of the protrusion that was lodged in my mouth tried hard to push its self in deeper while I was doing my best to keep my throat off limits to this invader. In an act of desperation I closed my mouth around it quickly and sunk my teeth into the slimy tendril. 

From behind me I heard a noise similar to a grunt or a snarl of pain. I knew that my teeth had done some damage and once the tendril was removed from my mouth I clenched my jaw to prevent it from entering again. I could see a bit of silver ooze dripping from a gash in the tendril where I had left my mark. The tip was concave and had a small slit in the center that I could clearly see as it hovered before my eyes. It attempted several times to push its self into my mouth again, and became more determined with each attempt. The final three attempts felt as if I were being jabbed in the mouth by an amateur boxer. Even though I now tasted my own blood from the pummeling my lips had received I did not open my mouth, not even when a second tendril appeared in front of me. 

This second tendril was thinner than the first that had entered my mouth. This one waivered a bit in front of me as if daring me to keep my mouth closed, and of course I did. All the while I was struggling with useless arm and leg muscles to free myself. The toxin that was inhibiting my movements was having a hard time totally subduing me as my advanced healing properties were fighting against the spread of the toxin. 

My eyes stared at the thinner tendril before me and as it moved menacingly in front of my face, from the center came a needle that was similar in nature to the stinger carried by an Earth scorpion. Without warning the stinger plunged into my face between my upper lip and my nose. I could feel its toxin flowing out of the stinger and numbing the front of my face. When the stinger was pulled out it quickly lanced out again but this time it struck me on the right side of my head just under my jaw. Its toxin was released, then when it pulled out it did the same to the left side. A few seconds later the muscles of my jaw were as useless as those in my arms and legs and my mouth fell open. The tendril with the needle darted into my mouth and stung the back of my throat twice before withdrawing and disappearing from view. It was then that the tears began to stream down my cheeks as I realized that I was in deep trouble. 

With my mouth wide open there was no opposition as the sucker less tentacle slid easily into my mouth and slammed against the back of my throat. The tentacle slid in and out of my mouth easily, and perhaps too easily. With my mouth open there was no resistance or friction so the tentacle inflated its self to fully fill the inside of my mouth and stretch my lips. Now that there was more friction the appendage moved in and out of my mouth much faster, and slammed into the back of my throat harder as it tried to force its way in deeper. 

The toxins working in the back of my throat finally loosened me up enough that the tendril could turn the bend and slither down my throat about half way before pulling back and forcing its way in again. There was nothing now that I could do to stop this and each time it pressed in it slid in deeper and deeper until it pushed through and penetrated my stomach. The tip did not stay there long as I suspected that the opposing stomach acid was a bit too much for the creature to take. The tendril pulled back just a bit out of my stomach then began to swell just like the portion that was swollen in my mouth. I believe the goal was to stretch my throat for something else that was to come later, though the in and out motion that it was using most likely was bring it pleasure as it used my mouth and throat. 

Every five or six strokes the creature would pull out almost all the way and allow me a second or two to breath before plunging back in again. I realized that it wanted me alive, at least for a little while longer. After the creature had its run in with my digestive juices I felt the tentacle around my abs loosen as similarly thick and suckered tentacles wrapped around my lower legs and my wrists. Soon I was pulled into an "X" position with my face looking down toward the water as my mouth continued to be penetrated repeatedly by the expanded tendril. 

As I was forced to look down upon the water, I could not clearly see what was assaulting me but I could see shadows in the moonlight reflecting off the water. The two fat tentacles holding my arms and abusing my mouth and throat came from the area near what I thought earlier was one of three dead tree trunks. The tentacles holding my legs came from the direction of the other two tree trunks. I could only surmise that my observations of these three tree trunks before were in error. 

The tendril in my mouth was moving faster now and I could feel it beginning to swell and pulse, which given my experience with aggressive plant life in the past, told me that it was close to flooding my stomach with something. Just about the time when the tendril in my mouth was about to blow, I felt a similar sized tendril from one of the other tree trunks poking at my lower female parts. My legs were stretch wide and there was no way that I could even attempt to close them, but I still had control of my inner muscles and did my best to clench to keep my lower regions from being penetrated. 

My throat was sufficiently stretched and as the tendril in my mouth was about to unload it pulled back so as just to occupy my mouth. The pace of its thrusting increased as did the swelling and pulsing and then finally the tip opened up and my mouth was flooded with a warm salty but sweet goo. Just like a dog's knot the tendril expanded to keep the spray of goo from leaking out of my mouth. While its tip was not in my throat, the high-pressure jets were aimed at my throat and I had no choice but to swallow the thick gobs that were being pumped into me. Had my throat not been stretched sufficiently, I am sure that the goo would have been pumped into my lungs as well since my throat would have been incapable of handling the volume. 

I never knew how long the creature's orgasm lasted but it continued until my stomach was full, and then kept on pumping in its goo until my stomach was painfully distended. The toxins that were injected into me not only paralyzed my skeletal muscles, it also numbed my extremities to the point that I could not feel the pain from my limbs being pulled apart while they supported the weight of my now bulging tummy. The toxins did nothing to lessen the pain that I was feeling from my stretched stomach. When I thought that I could take no more, the creature continued pumping in its salty sludge. 

When the flow of sludge stopped the tendril in my mouth expanded a bit more to keep me from expelling the contents of my overly filled gut. I was thankful that it had pulled out far enough to let me breath freely as I had almost passed out several times when I choked on what was being forced down my throat. I was crying openly though I could not make a sound. The tears were flowing down my cheeks as the pain radiated outward from my stomach to course through the parts of my body that still had feeling left in it. 

I was hoping that the worst was over, but there was more to come. My body was quickly absorbing the secretion that was pumped into my belly. I knew that my enhanced defenses were fighting against the fluid but were losing the battle. Slowly by belly began to shrink as the goo was absorbed. While my belly was shrinking, my breasts were swelling, but not in proportion to my belly. There was no way that my firm delicate orbs could stretch enough to hold that much fluid. I could feel the alien fluid coursing through my body and whatever it was collecting from my system it was storing in my now engorged breasts. I was being prepared for something but what that something was I could only guess. 

My body was becoming even more relaxed and as I was focused on the effects the goo was having on me, I felt the tendril that was probing between my legs push forward and slide into me without resistance. I expected my little bald kitty to be violated in the same manner that my mouth and throat was but that was not the case, at least for the moment. The tendril inside me was poking around and exploring and probing. Perhaps it was checking me out to see if I had the proper equipment for something that it needed from me. I knew that when I was created that I was incapable of becoming pregnant, but that did not mean that some alien creature could not use me as an incubator or worse. 

The movement of the tendril inside me actually felt pleasurable and if it was not for the radiating pain from my stretched tummy, and the pain that was now coming from my huge dangling breasts I might have relaxed and enjoyed it since it had been a while since the bald kitty had a chance to play. I could not tell where all the tentacles and tendrils were coming from now as my vision was obscured by the tears in my eyes that I could not wipe away with my hands held fast by tentacles. The examination of my lady parts continued as two new tentacles came into play. I felt them slither up the sides of my torso and wrap themselves around my now engorged and pendulous breasts. The tentacles latched on with their suction cups around each breast at a point just before the orbs connected with my body, and as they squeezes slightly my breasts bulged toward the nipple as the fluid inside was forced in that direction. 

At first the squeezing was pleasurable, and combined with the probing I was receiving between my legs I could feel myself growing a bit excited. The biggest turn on for me was always breast play. There was nothing faster at getting me wet than attention being paid to my breasts and nipples. It would have been much more enjoyable if my huge bulging stomach and breasts were not causing me such pain. As the three tentacles continued to squeeze and probe, two new tendrils joined in. These two were different than the others. They were of similar size to the one that was still lodged in my mouth, but when these two were in my visual range the tips of them opened up and latched onto my nipples. The outer edges of the cup-like opening were surrounded by a ring of suction cups that affixed themselves to my breasts just beyond the areola demarcation line. Once they were firmly attached an inner cup of smaller size clamped onto my nipples. 

Once these new tendrils were in place the tentacles round the outside of my breasts engaged in a squeezing motion while the tendrils that had control of my nipples began to apply a firm suction. I imagined that this would be how a cow would feel as she was hooked up to a milking machine. After a few seconds of this I could feel the fluid that was collected in my now melon sized breast begin to flow. This was the first time I had ever felt such pleasure flowing through my nipples that I almost had an immediate orgasm. The only thing that stopped my orgasm from happening is that the toxin that had been pumped into my body was now prohibiting my vaginal muscles from contracting and allowing the convulsions that go with my orgasms to happen. 
