 Memoirs of Kitty Siam – The Journal of Enoch. 

This is the translated book of Enoch which will shed light on future events and fill in gaps in the story line in the past chapters. It is not a disconnect from the story. The Resurrection Protocol brings Maew to life in the next chapter. 

***** 

Enoch penned this journal by his own hand after the planet Angkor had fallen to the forces of the Zeta Reticulans. My work on this translation and summary is still on going. If you are reading this unfinished document it is because my situation is hopeless or my life has ended or will end shortly. There is important information in the words of Enoch that may help in the fight against the Zetas. I did not want to let this information perish with me. 

The Zetas began their attack as they usually did 60,000 or so years ago and continue to use the same tactics today as they did back then. Important worlds such as those like Angkor, Ritaliana, Godani, and Annu that held command and control facilities, shipyards, military bases and large population centers were first hit with an Electro-Magnetic Pulse (EMP) attack, which would put their communications and defense systems into chaos. Even though we Earthlings hardened our systems against EMP, our technology and that of the Annunaki were generations behind anything that the Zeta could bring to a battle. 

Depending on the complexity of the target world's defenses, after an EMP attack, the Zeta would target the general population centers and the military installations. If the planet had a strong military presence or put up too much resistance, the Zeta would call in their "planet killers." The planet killers consisted of a fleet of ships designed to obliterate all life on a planet from high orbit, usually out of range of any planetary defenses that remained operational after the EMP attack. The destruction that these ships brought would desolate a planet for many generations. 

While they carry the same black mist plague missiles that the carriers and battle ships, their main weapon is the mass driver. These ships are so massive in size that on their way to a target they scoop up and store large asteroids to be used as projectiles for their rail guns. Once in orbit around a planet, five or more of these ships work in concert to launch their projectiles until everything below is flattened. The dust and debris thrown up by the asteroid impacts blocks out the sun long enough that the most food sources on the planet die, and eventually all life is snuffed out. The dust and debris that is hurled into the atmosphere is enough to make the air unbreathable to any creature larger than a cockroach. 

The carriers and battle ships could also destroy life on a target world without the need for the planet killers. Their typical tactics that we have seen used against Earth, Angkor, and Anora Prime is after an EMP attack; the carriers launch their Saloof fighters to take out what remains of the planetary defense grid, and any manned fighters that remain. The Annunaki did not have many fighters that could counter the Saloof, though a few new designs did show promise. However, by then the Annunaki Empire was in decline and was not capable of producing the fighters in the quantities needed to make a difference or reverse the gains of the Zetas. 

Once the opposition forces were eliminated and unable to defend the population centers against the plague missiles, enough of them were launched to blanket the planet's atmosphere with the black oily mist of death. The Annunaki medical obelisks had success against the plague here on Angkor but the EMP blast and the power problems here at Angkor Central Command prohibited the last few remaining Annunaki on Angkor from sending out the inoculation code they had developed to the medical stations scattered across the galaxy. 

The Central Command facility on Angkor was not just an Annunaki station. When it was operating at full capacity, Central Command was staffed by as many as seventeen of the remaining technologically advanced worlds that were allied against the Zetas. Those worlds along with the Annunaki home world were being destroyed one by one and the coalition was rapidly falling apart. Once the Central Command facility was discovered and attacked, the Annunaki were forced to consider the survival of their own race and began seeding far way worlds with humanoid life. Earth and Mars were some of their earliest colonies from what I have seen in my travels. 

The plan was for these colonies to mature and evolve them to the point that they could become allies in the fight against the Zetas but a more authoritarian government took control of what was left of the Annunaki and decided that instead of colonies of equals, they wanted colonies of slaves to mine the raw materials that fed their war efforts and economy. The slaves were genetically altered to prevent them from achieving a level of intelligence that would allow them to understand their plight and rebel against their creators. Like the people of the Pa'u village, even after 60,000 years of being free of the Annunaki, they continued to live and work as their masters taught their ancestors to do so long ago and never questioned their lot in life. I was saddened to learn that the twin Princesses Maew and Neko were in favor of the use of slave labor and they convinced their father the King that this was the only way for the Empire to survive. Enoch even mentioned they the Princesses lobbied their father the King to conscript the slaves into the military. Enoch does not mention the resolution of this issue as communications were lost between Angkor and Annu after the proposal was formally made. 

Another example of this is the people of Galora. Their level of technology never advanced past that of early Iron Age Earth. Twenty thousand years after their enslavers left, their main advancement in technology consisted of making a knife longer so that they could kill at a greater distance. They were so shielded from modernity that they never thought to build a catapult or a bow and arrow because that part of their brain had been turned off by the genetics imposed on them. Everything that they knew and did was because of what they were allowed to do, and forced to do while the god-like Annunaki controlled the planet. Again, the twin Princesses were involved in this too if the words of Enoch are true. 

There were several exceptions to the DNA mingling rule that the Annunaki had in place. Earth was one of these exceptions I suppose. Enoch describes several worlds where the sexuality of the humanoid women was so compelling that they began to mate with them in secret at first, then openly later on. The Annunaki High Council and the Royal Family forbade this but it still happened frequently. The Annunaki by rule opposed this sort of thing, but never actually did anything about it. At least that is the conclusion that I drew from Enoch's historical analysis of things. I suppose the saying, "What happens off world stays off world" was as popular with the Annunaki as they are with the men and women serving in Earth Force. 

Once the intermingling began on these few worlds the more sexual appealing men and women were taking off world. Some by marriage, some as sex slaves, and some as pets. Enoch writes that most of the slaves of the Annunaki were what he called, "konancha." In English we have a word to describe this race of people also, we call them "Neanderthals." I never found these words used in connection with Earth in the writings of Enoch, but I suppose that since the inference is there he suggests that the Annunaki mated with the Neanderthal types and produced the next generation of humans called the Cro-Magnons. Continued interbreeding could have produced the next evolutional leap to modern man on Earth, but that is just a theory though Enoch documented similar genetic advancements on other enslaved worlds. 

Enoch discusses the Zetas quite often in his journal. They have been around a lot longer than any of the races that currently inhabit our galaxy. Enoch speaks of the Zetas returning in five thousand year cycles. That sounded a bit hard to believe but then I thought back to the maintenance records and the sensor logs that I came across on Galora, and those found by Sheba on the ship I called "Galora One." This confirmed that it was about a five thousand year cycle between the Zeta's rampages through our galaxy. I ran some basic calculations given the years that Enoch mentioned about the attack cycles, then converted the standard Annunaki year into our galactic standard year and deduced that the Zetas were twenty one years into their current cycle. The journal indicates that the Zetas are only actively attacking our galaxy for about fifty-three years before the attacks subside. 

Since a Zeta home world could never be identified or located, it was thought that they were coming from another universe or perhaps another galaxy similar to ours. The journal is vague on this subject but there are quotes from historians, archeologists, royal family members, and explorers that mention a rift in the fabric of space near the outer rim of our own galaxy. No coordinates for the rift have been found in Enoch's words or in the Central Data Core of the Angkor Central Command. If the Annunaki military found the location of the tear or portal into our galaxy, they did not share this information with the public or Enoch as far as I could tell. I had plans to pull up a star map of our galaxy and have Sheba assist me in plotting known Zeta attacks against occupied planets and following their path back to their point of origin. Unfortunately Sheba had not been installed in the Central Core while I was translating this journal. Going through approximately 100,000 years of data on my own would be quite a daunting task without Sheba's help. 

Enoch quoted many xeno-archeologists when he detailed the rise and fall of ancient civilizations that had passed into history before the rise of the Annunaki as galactic leaders. The dissolution of the civilizations that Enoch discussed was usually caused by the interference of the Zetas. The journal chronicled how before the Zetas returned, the minions that they left behind after their previous cycle worked covertly to undermine prospering cultures who could band together to oppose the return of their masters. In relation to this Enoch discusses a race known as the Zaal. There were reports that the Zetas left behind a colony that would support and direct these covert operations, and serve as a base for future attacks. Some of these were found and destroyed but their locations are not listed in the journal. This colonial activity by the Zetas were in the distant past, and if my math is correct, these colonies existed out on the galactic rim between 500,000 and 750,000 Earth years ago. That seems to be an awfully long time so I suspect maybe there is a problem with my translation or Enoch was wrong about the numbers on this issue. 

Archeological teams from Annu searched the galaxy for a race known as the Harada. It was rumored that the Harada ruled their quadrant of the galaxy for about 20,000 years or more before internal strife erupted in a civil war that caused the empire to fall. Not much information from the Harada culture remained at the time that Enoch penned his journal, but there was a consensus among archeological experts from several allied worlds that the Harada had hidden their advanced weapons away so that the socialist rebels would not have access to them. 

Several documents were recovered from an ancient governing body called the Galactic Trade Federation (GTF). In the documents the GTF mentioned a member world called Hitar that had found a cache of these hidden weapons and used them to rebel against the GTF. It was written in the Hitarri historical record that the weapons that were found were disassembled, improved upon and produced in great quantities, which allowed the Hitarri to reclaim their world from the GTF. It was not clear to Enoch but he did speculate that from archeological evidence he had examined that the Hitarri went on to start an empire of their own, which passed into history perhaps a million or so years ago. 

There was nothing I could find in Enoch's words that indicated that the Hitarri, the Harada, or the GTF had ever faced the Zetas in battle. Perhaps if they did they had another name for this invading enemy. Too much time had passed and over that time civilizations rise and fall and languages and their translations change. 

Another reason could be that the records of the battles with the Zeta had not been found yet, or perhaps due to the passage of time would never be found. Enoch did not know how long the Zetas had been attacking our galaxy but from the experts he quoted, it seemed that the attacks had been occurring in 5,000-year cycles for about 170,000 years prior to Enoch's death. Adding approximately 60,000 years to account for the time since Enoch's passing and the fall of Angkor, the Zeta have been active as a recurring menace in our galaxy for about 230,000 years. 

Enoch writes that as each 5,000-year cycle passed, the next cycle grew in intensity and ferocity. The number of attacks and the number of ships involved in the attacks grew but an unresolved mystery that Enoch mentions is that the level of technology never increased from what he could find in the Annunaki defense records. This lead Enoch to believe that the scientific community of the Zetas was either stagnant, or they did not possess a scientific community at all and relied on whatever technology they could capture from other races. This would account for the fact that Saloof fighter still being used as the front line air superiority craft that it was then and still is today. Perhaps they were not able to steal anything more advance, or perhaps since the Saloof and its generation of weapons were more advanced than their enemy's weapons, modernization was unnecessary. There had been no advancement in the technology used by their carriers other than they became larger and more heavily armed as the centuries passed. When I say that they were "more heavily armed" the indication from Enoch was that there was an increase in the density of the armor and the numbers of weapons pods, not an upgrade in weapons or armor technology. 

The Annunaki Empire did not go away quietly. As their planets were being desolated they moved their people and facilities into places where the Zetas would normally not look. They burrowed deep into planets with atmospheres that could not sustain life, or planets that had no atmosphere at all. Space stations, research facilities, shipyards, and such were constructed in debris fields and asteroid belts where there were too many moving objects that created a severe hazard to navigation. Another benefit to building inside an asteroid was that the rare elements that made up the asteroids offered a naturally occurring resistance to scanners. This helped to mask the location of the facility from a casual scan from an enemy scout or warship. Unless you conducted a detailed scan of the exact asteroid the facility was in, you would never find it unless you got extremely lucky. 

As the Annunaki Empire's forced decline continued the Annunaki expanded their portal building in between the last two 5,000 year cycles. Their leaders had come to the realization that any world that had a spaceport, landing pad, runway, or ships in orbit soon became a target. The shipping routes between planetary systems were mined and patrolled by the Zetas. Many new portals were built that connected to uninhabitable worlds where ships could load and unload their cargo in secret. The cargo would then be transported by portal to the inhabited world that the cargo was intended for. Portals were built that connected asteroids to planets and other such heavenly bodies. Enoch even went as far as to describe how a portal was built into a comet and how the location calculations had to be constantly updated by Central Command to allow transport to that destination. 

Enoch speculates that one of the reasons that the Central Command facility was attacked was because it was a central hub for arriving and departing vessels and it was easy for the Zetas to find their way here by following the inbound ships. Even though the decentralization plan had been put into action, it was not done soon enough to save the newly opened Central Command facility on Angkor. Enoch mentions that one Princesses in charge the facility on Angkor warned that such an attack was an eventuality and was removed by the Queen and sent to an unnamed site to over see the construction of a new weapons research lab. To my surprise the Princess that was sacked was Maew, and later on when Central Command came under attack, Princess Neko rebelled against their parents and joined her sister in opposition. I did find later on in Enoch's journal where he mentioned the name of the research center but two of the pages that contained the narration of this location were damaged by time and were unreadable. 

Along with the banishment of Princess Maew I found a reference to a young scientist that she may have been romantically involved with from an advanced race know as the Castella. Enoch mentions that the Castella's scientific community was much more advanced than the Annunaki's mostly due to the fact that they had not been a target for the Zetas until they allied themselves with the Annunaki. The Castella realized that once the Annunaki were put down that the Zetas would be coming for them next so they threw their scientific community into the mix in the hope that they could develop advanced weapons that could turn the tide of battle. Unfortunately Enoch laments that these efforts were too little, too late. The Castella home world was bombed back into the Stone Age by mass drivers. 

Even after Enoch recorded the fall of the Castella, he still made mention of some of the innovations that their partnership with the Annunaki had produced. While he did not go into detail, he did mention something called a "Dilation Engine" that the Generals were touting as a possible weapon that could change the tide of battle against the enemy. It appears that when the Generals learned of this scientific breakthrough, the Zetas were closing in on the Angkor with an overwhelming force and that the evacuation had already begun. 

On the pages following those that made mention of the Dilation Engine were references to a race known as the Zolfan, who were also members of the alliance against the Zetas. I suppose for security reasons not a lot of details were shared with Enoch about a device known as the "Doomsday Seed." These items were mentioned in a part of Enoch's journal that was badly damaged, but from the scant details that the author had, I would surmise that these two items were being discussed as a way to end the incursions of the Zetas into our galaxy. Many other weapons, ships, and concepts were mentioned by Enoch but his thoughts were that only these two may have had any success against the enemy. Enoch did not mention how these items would be used but he surmised that perhaps they were intended to permanently close the rift in space that they Zetas were using to enter our galaxy. 

Also contained in the damaged sections of Enoch's journal were references to a reptilian race called the called the "Zaal" and a genetically similar race that evolved in a neighboring system called the "KraZaal. As usual Enoch does not give a location for the two planetary systems that this race inhabited, but Enoch does discuss the rise and fall of both of these cultures. This reptilian species was supposedly deposited in our galaxy long before the Zeta incursions began. Both races evolved separately but somewhat equally in that the technological advances of one were mirrored by the other. They were equal in most aspects, and when the two cultures met each other, their aggressive nature would not allow them to coexist and a permanent state of war existed between them. 
