 Memoirs of Kitty Siam - Exodus. 

They are a dying race, we should let them pass. - Ambassador Kosh 

CAPTAIN'S PERSONAL LOG ENTRY, 28 October 2256, Neko Jarro, Captain - Commanding Annunaki battleship Antikythera. 

A while back I was going through some personal correspondence and came across a journal that was being kept by Kitty. I do not know if she has kept up with this since we parted so long ago. I feel it necessary to append my comments to her words in an effort to give our relationship some closure. Her internal wireless system has not been detected for quite some time so there is no telling what has become of her. 

Five years have passed since humanity's last stand at Epsilon Eridani Five, which failed miserably. The ill advised stand saw the total destruction of Earth's military forces, and the forces of those that had allied with Earth. 

The civilian leadership of the Pan Galactic Consortium (PGC) that had ordered the military to stand and fight while they escaped to Mars were abandoned there as punishment for their failure to heed the advice of their senior Admirals and Generals. With the military routed and in disarray those that survived broke contact with the PGC and went off on their own. Some made their way to outlying colonies in the hope that they could avoid extermination. Others turned to piracy since they had escaped in heavily armed cruisers and destroyers; they had the means to prey on fleeing colonists and merchant shipping. 

For a while we tried to hunt down the pirates and contact the colonists in an effort to unite what was left of humanity. Some agreed to join us, others perished when they attempted to take on the superior Annunaki vessels that we had built in secret. After the massacre at Epsilon Five, I met up with my clone sister Maew at the Dushambi shipyard as instructed. It was there that I learned of all of the things that the Annunaki had, and had been developing to combat the Zetas. Before she tried to kill me twice, we had agreed on bringing the remains of humanity to the various Annunaki sites in an attempt to rebuild the military with advanced alien technology. 

The problem with our plan was that there just were not enough humans left to build a fleet capable of challenging the Zetas. Even with what was left of the crews of the Siegfried and the Shinawatra, we barely had enough to properly crew two Annunaki light frigates. 

We began using the portal system to try to contact as many humans and other races as we could, and Maew and her people were having some success in this venture until they discovered that the Zetas were now in control of several major hubs in the portal system. This discovery forced us to send a logic bomb through the portal system that caused a cascading failure to any nodes that were still connected. Maew's logic bomb caused a power surge in each station's equipment that rendered the galactic portal system inoperable for everyone including us. The only good thing that came of this was that we were now using ships for commerce and communication that used the same technology as the Koloth and the Tenshi. Distances that took the Zetas months to transverse took us only days or hours. 

As our new Annunaki ships came on line, from time to time we would detect a Zeta convoy or raiding fleet and ambush them as they came out of hyperspace. Their flight paths and jump patterns were all too easy to predict. While the political leaders from the PGC wanted to imprison Maew for her use of the Mentok missiles, they became standard equipment on all of our strike, assault, and capital ships and gave us a distinct advantage over the Zetas. 

We became confident in our hit and run tactics, but there were still too few of us to make a difference. Our best hope was to keep stinging them until this cycle of their raiding activities passed. Even after we brought in the people from Angkor and reversed the genetic locks that prevented higher learning, we still could only staff nine capital ships capable of taking on a Zetas fleet. After the people of Angkor joined us, Maew lost all interest in helping us in our efforts against the Zetas. She became more cold and distant than she had before and even though she had recognized and acknowledged her friends from the villages, she did not interact with them at all. 

It was about this time that Maew made her second attempt on my life. Her second attempt failed just as her first did when we met up at the Dushambi shipyard after the fall of Epsilon Five. She was constantly going on about how I needed to die to join her in fulfilling our destiny. I knew we had both received the anti-agapic conversion on our eighteenth birthday and that our bodies would heal rapidly, but I was not ready to test this out even though she assured me that death for us was not final. 

Her ramblings about a Resurrection Protocol and us being true twin sisters were not enough for me to be convinced that I should let her slip her foot long Bowie knife between my ribs. Thankfully my defensive capabilities were comparable to her martial arts training, and being that we were of similar build, I was happy for every advantage that I could get. After the first attempt I had beaten her badly and had her confined to her quarters for five months until she promised not to attack me again. The second time my husband General Jarro had her locked in the brig under Marine guard for a year. 

After her release from confinement she kept her distance from me, as I did from her. If there was an occasion that we would be in close proximity to each other, my husband provided an armed guard to watch over me. After her trip to Epsilon, she was never the same. She was never the Priestess/Princess that I had come to know on Anora Prime. There was something disturbing about her as if somehow her mind had been altered. There was always conjecture that the cause was her witnessing the fall of humanity, but since she was not involved directly in the battle I eliminated the possibility that her condition was caused by post traumatic stress disorder. 

Maew was always free to come and go as she pleased as long as she kept her distance from me. She made good use of her Koloth scout craft, and made many trips to places that she always kept a close secret. She seemed to know exactly where the Annunaki had kept their secret armories and research facilities as she was always coming back with new tech for our ships. Most of what she brought back she shared with us, but there were a few occasions where she took what she had found to her own private corner of the shipyard. 

Maew had requested a private area where she could work in peace and not be disturbed. Actually there was not much we could do to disturb her once she erected walls and hangar sized doors protected by a type of force field that we had no way to penetrate or disable, and yes a few of our technicians tried while Maew was off on one of her trips. We suspected that she was building a ship of some sort on the other side of the wall, at least that is what we assumed from the types of items that we had observed being carted about by the maintenance bots that served as her loyal minions and royal entourage. 

One of the problems we had with our capital ships was that our forced quantum singularity reactors did not provide enough power. The plans for whatever the Annunaki used were missing from the data cores of the various facilities we had taken over after Maew gave us the keys to the kingdom so to speak. We were forced to use multiple singularity reactors, which took up too much internal space and added unnecessary weight. This problem was solved when Maew made a trip to Earth. She paid a visit to a site know as Tiahuanaco, in a region once known as Bolivia. 

The reason we know of her destination on this trip was that she needed our help to recover the zendarium reactor from a site near by called Puma Punku. The name Puma Punku held significance for both Maew and me. This translates into English as "Puma's Gate", which was a phrase that we both encountered in a dream of our meeting on Anora Prime. It was as if something was telling us that we needed to go there together, but unfortunately given the attempts that Maew had made on my life, I elected not to go and sent a squad of Army Rangers with her instead. 

Puma Punku I found out was a site that was always a mystery to Earth's archeological community. The building blocks that were strewn around gave no clue as to what the ancient builders used the site for, that is until Maew went there. It turns out that the underground site was used by a race know as the Hitarri as a secret weapons lab, but the only way to get into the lab was through a circular gate like device buried deep under the temple at Anora Prime. For some reason Maew never knew what was under there until she returned from Epsilon Five. After she returned she knew exactly how to activate the gate and transit to Earth. Once there she was able to use a tunnel system that connected to Tiahuanaco, which was the Hitarri's spaceport for the Puma Punku complex. 

The weapons lab had been mostly stripped bare except for a zendarium reactor that powered the portal system. Our guess is that the reactor was a million or so years old and its supply of zendarium was just about depleted. Maew was unaware of our second visit to this site once the landing bay and tunnel system at Tiahuanaco had been unlocked. Maew allowed us access to the reactor to disassemble it so that we could copy the design and construct more to power our ships. We knew that there had to be more to this site than just one reactor so we sent teams of scientists back to study the facility in detail. After six months on site they found nothing of use, but as they were preparing to break orbit they conducted one last scan of the planet and detected a faint energy signature similar to the functioning zendarium reactor Maew had discovered. 

The power readings lead the science team to the Shandong region of China. The power readings were coming from a temple called Thi Shan. Unfortunately for the science team, the Tai Shan temple was located on the top of a mountain and there was no place for a ship, shuttle, or even a helicopter to land. The science geeks were forced to climb the seven thousand steps that lead up to the summit, which was about five thousand feet above the fertile farmland below. 

Once they reached the temple and conducted detailed scans, the found a system of catacombs that led to an underground grotto that housed a small shrine. Behind the altar of that shrine was a room that contained three stasis pods, and two suitcase sized zendarium reactors that powered the pods. Two of the pods contained viable humans so the pods could not immediately be disconnected from the reactors. Additional science and medical teams needed to be sent to work on the problem of retrieving the reactors without killing the humans inside the pods. 

Our teams discovered that only one reactor was needed to power the pods, the second one was only a backup. Earth was a dead planet due to the plague that still circulated freely through the atmosphere and coated the ground and flowed freely through the water. Fortunately we were now immune to the plague having been inoculated by the ancient Annunaki healing machines Mew had taught us to use. Being that we did not know the origin of these Chinese humans, we did not want to open the pods and expose them to the plague. We also wanted to find out why they were there in that temple and why they were sequestered in stasis pods that appeared as if they were sealed and activated a few thousand years ago. 

The two pods contained a male and female human, and the pods were inscribed with Chinese style characters that predated our understanding of the language and required additional study before we attempted to open the pods. The male was perhaps her father or grandfather from his apparent age, and she appeared to be in her middle to late teens. Our archeologists surmised that from the manner in which they were dressed that they belonged to a time that was about five hundred years BCE. To this day we have not yet revived them, but we did manage to connect them to a suitable Annunaki power source. This allowed us to reverse engineer the tiny suitcase sized reactor that was capable of fully powering the largest of our new warships. 

Once we had a working set of schematics and were able to construct our own zendarium reactors, we allowed Maew to have the two reactors that we had retrieved from China. She said that she needed them for whatever she was building, and even through General Jarro pressed her for details, she would not relent and let us know what she was up to. 

Our scientist became pretty good at understanding the Annunaki technology and after a while they developed a scanner that would allow us to track ships that used our FTL drive. We knew that the Zetas had nothing similar, but this was just a precaution incase they did get a hold of some of our FTL technology. This also allowed us to track where Maew was going on her little scavenger hunts. The first trip we were able to follow was to the home world of a long dead race called the Castella. This race also had ties to the Annunaki and as we explored their desolate world we found a deactivated portal connection that led to Anora Prime. 

Anora seemed to be a scientific hub of sorts for the ancient Annunaki, and for some reason Maew knew all about this. I was tempted to have her detained and interrogated but given her mental state I thought it was best that we just observe what she was doing and try to piece everything together on the sly. 

It was easy to figure out where she landed on the planet the Annunaki database referred to as "Castel." The planet was lifeless due to the heavy bombardment that it had suffered from the Zetas' mass drivers. Even though Maew had long left Castel, her footprints in the dust left from the bombardment told us exactly where she had been. We followed her footprints to an underground assembly facility and where the footprints stopped was in a room that held what seemed to be a prototype of some sort of engine. It seemed small enough to fit in a ship as small as the Koloth, or perhaps a little larger. 

Maew's footprints circled the engine a few times before moving off in the direction toward a cluster of offices, and in one the offices were a series of non-functional data terminals, but as we followed the footprints we came to an office that had a terminal that was still functioning. It was being powered by a backup power module about the size of a deck of cards. When we entered the office the terminal was in the process of deleting the information that was stored there. One of our data specialists tried to stop the system wipe but was unable to do so, but he was able to salvage a partial cover page to the schematics for something called a "Dilation Engine." None of our scientists knew what to make of this but it was clear that whatever it was, Maew had a full set of schematics and was planning to build one. 

This was the last of the trips that she had made during our last six months at Dushambi. Once our fleet was ready and our crews properly trained we assembled outside the asteroid field that surrounded the shipyard, then set course for the galactic rim. At one time were determined to fight back but now that the Zetas were actively looking for us, it was time for us to leave this galaxy. Before we were out of sensor range of Dushambi we detected a ship following our path out of the debris field. 

The ship was of a configuration that we had not seen before, nor could we reference the design in the Annunaki database. The power readings were off the scale and were of a type that was unknown to us. The craft was much smaller than a destroyer, but larger than the Koloth and looked like an electric blue disk. The look of the craft reminded me of the old UFO pictures that were so popular back in the 1950s on Earth. 

The ship maneuvered quickly through the asteroids and once clear of the debris engaged an FTL drive that put ours to shame. We were only able to track it for a few seconds, but in that short amount of time it had accelerated to a faster than light speed forty seven times greater than anything that our advanced Annunaki ships could manage. Maew may have gone crazy, but she was a crazy genius for sure. 

That was the last time we encountered Maew, and it has been three years since I watched her disappear in a brilliant flash of FTL engine generated light. She was obviously on a mission but what her destination was has always remained a mystery to us. As long as she was working on her secret project she talked to no one, shared no secrets, or allowed anyone to see what she was up to. We contemplated sending a team back to Dushambi to have a look around her secret area but while we were discussing the mission a large explosion was seen coming from the asteroid that contained the shipyard. It appears that she was waiting for us to leave so that she could destroy any evidence as to what she had built. 

For three years we have traveled to the edge of our galaxy, and soon we will be entering the void between our galaxy and the next. Along the way we stopped on many worlds to collect food and supplies needed for our journey across the uninhabited expanse. We have no idea what lies before us, or how long it will take to cross this empty patch of space. In a few minutes we will leave our galaxy behind for the Zetas to consume and plunder. We did our best to recruit as many as we could for our fleet, and to those that refused to join us or that we could not contact I wish them all the best and hope that they can ride out this attack cycle of the Zetas safely. 

Computer... end log entry.