 Episode 1: The Earth In Danger

i

Hawk Masterson's cock slipped easily into Miss Crimmins hairy cunt. It split her lips far apart as his imposingly solid cock slammed into her cunt bringing cries of pleasure to her lips. As he thrust Hawk's hands spanked the generous curves of her ass. Hawk had pushed her body onto her desk and her breasts were writing a letter as they slapped against the keys of her typewriter. 

When he had first met her the woman had sniffed in disapproval when he had cockily walked into Professor Markov's office. Behind her horn-rimmed spectacles she had watched the muscular test pilot saunter over to her and speak disrespectfully of the great man himself. Miss Crimmins though not old held to very strong views on courtesy and loyalty about her employer.

"Where's the boss Toots?"

"Do you mean the Professor, young man?" Miss Crimmins said in her most disapproving voice.

The blonde-haired titan smiled even more broadly and whistled loudly in appreciation of this woman, she was very pretty though she hid it with her tightly bound hair and severe clothing. The sight of his smile brought an unexpected delighted smile to the woman's face. Seeing a softening in the woman's face he bent down to be closer and spoke again.

"Of course ........ Miss Crimmins," he spoke the name on her desk tag as he admired her tight fitting sweater. 

"Then ...."

"Hawk Masterson Toots but we can talk about other things you can call me."

This man really was too much Miss Crimmin's thought, he had no respect for the great man but she did not move his hand which now rested on her forearm, "Mr Masterson the Professor is in his workshop behind the Observatory."

"You mean the warehouse Toots," he stroked her forearm moving upwards as he pressed her against her desk, "Not much to see at the moment with all this rain."

His hand rose to her upper arm and was stroking along her cloth. It seemed to be sending tingling sensations through her body and she found that she was leaning closer to the man. What he was saying was completely true, like much of middle America torrential rains and unseasonable storms were wracking the country, why the Des Moines river had even broke its banks. Yet before she could speak he had pressed his lips to hers.

"Mr Masterson!!!!"

"Just enjoy it Toots." He kissed her again and she responded warmly. She felt so hot and raunchy. 

As he spoke he took off her glasses and unbound her hair. Again he kissed her and this time he thrust his tongue deeply into her mouth. She found that she was unable to resist him as he pulled her from the seat and pulled open her dress exposing her bra covered breasts. He held his hands to the ample flesh and rubbed his thumbs over the centre of them. He was rewarded for his effort by an increasingly passionate kiss and he felt the nipples push through the lacy fabric. He also felt more than heard her growl of passion.

As for Miss Crimmins this was the first time that she had felt this deep heat building between her legs. He pushed her back against the table and with a quick hooking of his thumbs in the lacy material he exposed the white flesh of her breasts and the coral pink nipples that centred them. She cried as she started with the shock of being touched this way. None of her boyfriends had done this and excited her so much. Then her shock became groans of pleasure as his lips kissed and caressed the hard nipples. He slipped them between his teeth and bit gently on them, again he was rewarded with her body responding to his desire. This time it was her opening her legs to his insistent pressure of his legs as he pushed between them. 

Then she felt her skirt hiked up above her hips exposing her black stockings, suspender belt and white lacy underwear. He lifted his head and kissed her again her lips and turned her to face the typewriter. Then with a firm shove he pushed her over the machine. The touch of her breasts caused a clatter of the keys as he pulled her panties aside, vaguely she realised that he had ripped them but she did not care as he opened her legs and began to stroke between them. He was touching her wet lips and it was driving her beserk with need. The cool typewriter keys pressed into her breasts and they barely cooled her passions.

She was so wet between her legs and she felt his fingers slip between the lips and pump into her hot cunt vigorously. It made her cum over his finger and he pulled it away from her engorged lips. Satisfied that she was ready for him he stood behind her and she heard the metallic rasp as his fly was lowered. She felt his cock press at the lips of her juicy cunt and press between her lips slowly. 

"Mr Masterson!!!!!! Nnnnnooo, don'ttttt stop."

As she screamed his cock thrust deep into her and she felt the muscles of her cunt pulse while pleasure washed through her. She came, it was stronger than the feeling of her own fingers and no other man had made her so hot. The man's hips rocked back and forth as he drove in his cock and allowed it to slip out. Miss Crimmins no longer disapproving was screaming with pleasure as he fucked her. Hawk felt the pressure at his balls grow and grow until unable to hold on he felt the rush of cum through his cock. Before he could wash her cunt with his cream he allowed it to spurt over her ass cheeks and soak into the lacy satin of her torn panties. Unable to cum anymore he cleaned his cock using her panties which he slipped over her legs. 

"There wasn't that better Toots." He spoke happily.

The well-fucked young woman smiled and nodded. Realising that she was virtually naked Miss Crimmins hurriedly dressed again. Still instead of looking at this muscular man with disdain she watched him with great desire and hungered for him to take her again with his marvelous cock. 

"So he's in the workshop." It was a statement and not a question as he moved to the door and opened it.

Miss Crimmin's nodded disappointed as Hawk slipped out the door and made his way to the building outside. She wondered if she should have told him that there was that newspaper woman with the Professor but he would soon find that out. The thunder rattled the windows as the storm swept over Des Moines. Somehow she began to type and wonder if she would be fucked again when he came back. 

ii

"Really Miss Sherwood you have no right to question me like this."

The man talking was upset as the well-stacked blonde asked him about his work. Whenever he was upset his Eastern European accent thickened and he was stroking his gray flecked beard nervously. The woman he talked to thrust her breasts out even more and pursed her thick scarlet painted lips. Warm gray bedroom eyes flirted with this man and he felt his cock rising.

"Ronnie, please call me Ronnie. Don't you think that our readers need the truth Professor?" she breathed heavily and moved a little closer. 

Almost hesitantly she touched his elbow and he sank back into the swivel chair behind the desk. Ronnie sensing his weakness sat on the desk letting her tight skirt expose her black silk stockings covering her well-shaped calves. The man mopped his sweaty brow with a linen handkerchief and he looked unsure. Smiling Ronnie slipped between his legs and began to open his fly.

"Wh...what are you doing?"

"You seem so tense Professor, just sit back, relax and enjoy the show," as she spoke his cock sprung to attention and she began to rub it.

It had been so long since a woman had touched him in a sexual way. Not since the death of his wife when he had fled the Bolsheviks in St Petersburg. His cock felt so hard and large and then he felt his body betray him as his cock shot a load of cum into the air. Laughing she took his handkerchief and wiped the limp organ.

"My that was quick and you definitely needed that didn't you Professor, next time we should try to make it last longer." Ronnie sat on the desk again and took out her notebook.

"So I have heard that you think that this weather is caused by aliens from outer space?"

"No not from outer space but Mars. I have located a source of destructive Y-rays being shot at us from the north pole of Mars. It is causing incredible climate change on Earth."

"Shot so are we at war with Mars?"

"No I don't think so it must be a mistake they probably think they are being friendly."

"Why haven't other scientists discovered this Professor?"

"Bah ignorant fools. They could never see their noses let alone find Y-rays. Anyway I have told the President and he is sending an agent."

"An Agent?"

"Yes an agent, Toots." Ronnie turned quickly as the wet Hawk Masterson filled the doorway.

"Veronica Sherwood, Ronnie for short of the Des Moines Tribune. So the government thinks that the Professor is correct?"

Hawk smiled at the feisty reporter. He admired her large boobs and the well curved ass, somehow he must get her in the sack then he remembered his job. He drawled his answer his Texan accent pronounced,"Don't know that. Just that I am to help the Prof in his work."

As he spoke of work her eyebrow rose and she muttered work. Hawk realised that he had given away more than he had intended to, however before he could say anything more the Professor spoke. 

"Ja. We are to make a trip to the Red Planet and stop the danger. I have built a spacecraft that will take us there."

"The younger man shrugged and smiled tightly,"Perhaps you could show us the craft Prof."

"So Mr Masterson why are you here? "

"Hawk please Toots. FDR wants me to pilot this thing for the Prof." 

"Your that Masterson, the war ace and test pilot." Ronnie remarked as she remembered the story of the eighteen year old who had lied about his age and joined the army and then the air force to become an ace on the Western Front. Later he had been a barnstormer and explorer before joining the air force again. Looking at him she felt her breasts thrust out more in arousal. As she did so she thought he was a very attractive man and the way he was looking at her said he was interested in her. He radiated an intense animal attraction that she reacted to and she felt her cunt tingle and grow wet. 

As she admired the male form of Hawk Masterson the Professor unlocked and opened an iron bound door onto the vast workshop inside. Turning on the harsh arc lights he stepped aside to allow the reporter to look at the spaceship inside. Accepting the invitation Ronnie looked inside and gasped at the sight that met her eyes. 

Instead of the 50 foot telescope she saw a stunted grey cigar held in place by four red fins. A gantry was propped against it and ladders led to the open door on it's side. It gleamed with the silver grey of worked steel. The rivets holding armoured metal in the rigid frame had been painted black. Emblazoned over a fin the flag of the United States and the thick glass windows were at the front making them the eyes of this ship.

The Professor noticing how the reporter was in awe of what she saw started to talk with great pride about his creation.

"I call her the Star Foam and she will take us to Mars. It took a lot of secret work but she has the first functioning atomic engines that will need no refueling."

"Atomic Engines?" Ronnie's reporter instincts took over and she sought answers for her readers.

"Ja Atomic Engines, the sun is one very large atomic engine and I have found the secret of how it works. What we have here is a very small sun that will drive us into space. Of course I needed to get armoured plate from an old battleship that had been wrecked but she is ready now and Mr Masterson will pilot her for me so we can stop the disaster that is happening here."

"I want to come." She said it quickly hoping to shock them into agreement.

"No way Toots this isn't women's work." Hawk spoke bluntly.

Ronnie bristled and snapped, "Mr Masterson I have to report this to the Great American Public and it is guaranteed in the constitution that there will be freedom of the press."

Hawk wanted to tell her that there was no way that he would let her set one foot into the gleaming ship before them but decided on another way.

"Look Toots, er Ronnie lets talk this over. Say there is an office over there lets use it. Prof while I talk with Ronnie here you get the ship ready."

Ronnie narrowed her eyes in suspicion but followed Hawk into the vacant office. It was more a large broom closet but obviously someone used it for an office with the old desk and chair here. Hawk sat on the table which creaked under his large muscular body. He looked at her with undisguised lust and like before Ronnie found herself being aroused. Then before she could talk he was on top of her and kissing her brutally. His fingers unbound her hair that fell in a cascade of gold. So taken by surprise she did not try to struggle and when he ripped her shirt open she thrust her large breasts into his chest. 

She found that she clawed open his shirt and began to pull at the rich growth of hair on his chest. Then there was a snap as her bra gave way and he pawed at her breasts and nipples. He looked at her in unfeigned admiration at her 40 D breasts and then remarked.

"My God Toots you have fantastic tits."

Quickly he set to work licking and biting her large erect nipples and all the time rubbing his hard cock through her skirt. His hands reached down and there was the ripping of her skirt allowing him more room so he could pull off her panties and expose her hairy cunt. Her lips were sticking out and already very wet. Lifting her knees he pushed her onto the table that rubbed against her back through her torn shirt. Opening his fly he pulled out his large cock and rubbed it along her hot lips as he allowed her voluptuous cunt to get ready for his spear. 

"Fuck that's good. Rub it, yess rub it. I want it!!" Ronnie screamed her needs at him and if he was surprised by her language he did not show it.

"Fuckkkkkkkk!!!!!" The woman screamed as he thrust into her. His cunt was tight as his cock stretched her lips and then her cunt but she took him and wanted it all. Then he was pounding that wonderful cock of his into her wet hole and she screamed, clawed at his flesh and cried as she felt him thrust in and out of her cunt.

"Yesssss, harder, harder, harder!!!!" Ronnie screamed with the pleasure she felt.

His cock rammed into her and she found that her body wanted more. He ground against her clit and he set off the love pistol there. It was like he was shooting bullets of pleasure into her body and she came and came. His breathing was ragged as he pushed faster into her. Then she came and she screamed with the pleasure that ripped into her.

"I'mmmmm Cummmingggggg!!!!!!!!"

Hawk's cock twitched and cum hosed into Ronnie's wet cunt. He thrust and came until he could cum no longer. Looking down he saw that the woman was in shock with how much pleasure she had felt and before she could move Hawk had gathered her clothes, had closed the door and locked her into the windowless office. Smiling he placed the ripped clothing near the door and he whistled as he climbed the ladder to enter the spaceship. Behind him he heard the muffled screams of anger and the pounding of fists on the thick, heavy door.

iii

Squeezing his body through the oval doorway he closed and chocked the door. Satisfied that the door was secure he climbed to the bridge of the vessel and climbed into the upholstered chair that would be his for the trip. With an unhurried and practised gaze he made himself aware of each dial and control on the board before him. Behind him the Professor climbed into the seat next to him. Hawk turned and smiled at him.

"Everything okay back there Prof."

"Ja the engines are charging up and we will be ready in about fifteen minutes." Then as an after-thought he asked," Miss Sherwood is not joining us?" 

"That's right Prof. I had a good heart to heart with her and she decided it was too much for a woman. Pity really she was a pretty bit of skirt."

The Professor seemed put out by this and harrumphed grumpily,"Ja this is not an adventure for the gentle sex. Do you think you can pilot this craft."

Hawk laughed,"There is nothing that I can't fly Prof. You can find this place where they are sending rays at the Earth."

"Naturally I have a Y-ray detector in the nose." The Professor spoke without thought as he tapped a dial to be rewarded with the arm swinging into the green zone. 

"Then Time to go then Prof."

As he spoke he tripped a switch and there was a deep groan as the roof parted allowing the rain to wash over the ship. While he waited for the roof to stop moving the Professor started the process of starting the engines and preparing for the launch. There was a sound of sheering metal as the gantry was moved back by mechanical motors. Both men waited for the ship to be fully clear.

"Ten minutes to lift-off. What's that?"

Hawk looked at the older man,"What's what?"

"Nothing perhaps the imagination of a silly old man but I thought I heard a crash on the ship."

"Probably hail hitting the gantry. Come on Prof we have work to do."

At that admonishment both men returned to their tasks until the clock began to tick the last ten seconds of a countdown. At zero there was a terrible roar as flame spewed from the ship and it lifted off the concrete pad into the turbulent air. It almost seemed that the ship would be pushed into the building by the fierce winds that were swirling within the workshop but as the force of the engine pushed harder against ship the vessel moved faster upwards. Both men twitched in their chairs as the pressure of gravity pushed cruelly on them as the ship rose majestically into the dark sky. It shone like a white candle in the air.

Then they felt an ease in the pressure on them as they lifted above the clouds and flew through the upper atmosphere into space. Above the Earth's gravity the Professor eased the thrust of the engine and brought the ship along the path to follow the invisible Y-rays that were devastating the Earth. As the gravity eased Hawk moved his body out of the seat after assuring himself that the course they were traveling would give them no difficulties. 

"How long before we get to Mars Prof?"

He answered automatically," The Atomic Engines should see us there within three hours. They can make us travel up to three times the speed of light. "

"Well I better get some rest." He took out the colt revolver in his hip pocket and checked that it was undamaged. 

"Do we need that Mr Mastereson?"

"You might think that the people on Mars might be friendly but it doesn't hurt to be prepared if they aren't." Hawk answered easily as he pushed the gun back into the holster at his hip. He made his way back to the small sleeping cubicle that he had and he stripped off his street clothes and began to pull on the soft leather clothing the Professor had left for the pilot of his spaceship. He stopped as he heard a sound coming from the storeroom and he stepped towards the door and with a smooth movement wrenched it open. 

From the open doorway Veronica Sherwood spilled out of the store-room and into Hawk's outstretched arms. He felt the rubberised cloth of the space suit and then her fists pummeling his chest as she screamed into his face.

"You bastard, you were going to leave me there!!!!" 

Easily fending off her blows he pulled her onto the cot and pinned her there.

"Easy Toots it was for your benefit. We are going to an incredibly dangerous place. The Prof thinks that we are being bombarded in error but I think we have been attacked Toots and if that's true there will be enemies waiting for us."

As he spoke he found that he was between her legs and that her large,firm breasts were being thrust into his chest and even though both of them were clothed it seemed that he could feel her hard nipples against his and he felt between his legs the hardening of his cock. In an effort to take his mind off the feeling he talked again to the young nubile woman who was between his legs.
