 The Story so Far: Hawk Masterson, Ace Pilot and War Hero, Veronica Sherwood, Ace reporter and the genius Professor Markov have travelled to Mars in an effort to stop the attacks that have been causing wild swings in the Earth's climate. As they came closer to Mars they have come under attack by mysterious Heat Rays that have caused th ship to start a dive that will smash the ship and crew into the cliffs of Mars.

The story continues

Episode 2: Inside the Black Castle. 

i

Ruddy sunlight glinted from the polished walls as the crowd below the vast man on the throne eddied and swirled. He watched and wondered what plots and betrayals were being made on the floor below him. Hidden but always present were the Imperial Guard in their midnight black armour. The man on the throne's head swivelled over the people below and waited like a spider in his web above them, watched and smiled a cruel smile. He watched the prey below his raised throne. 

His bloated body heaved with silent laughter as he saw those people below him. He was clothed in loose gold robes that shivered as his vast bulk moved. He was bald save for a long queue of thick black hair, his small black eyes darted from one knot of people to another. If you looked into his eyes you could have read the cruelty and perversion of his soul just before he ripped out your heart and ate it before your dying eyes. He sat upon a throne built of the bones of the enemies he had slain. The leash in his hand moved and he looked at the naked woman held by the thin chain that was attached to her pierced nipples. Once she had been the wife of the Prince of the Highland Folk until her husband had been defeated by this obscene gibbering thing on the throne. Reaching down the man on the throne touched her tawny hair and smiled at her humorlessly, she started and looked up, what she saw in his face made her flinch as his gaze raped her.

As she flinched from him, his laughter rumbled from his chest and he looked again at the people milling below him, waiting for his words for was he not Toza the Terrifying, Emperor of Mars. A beautiful woman in crimson leather looked up at the sound. Her raven hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail, her scarlet painted nipples poked out above her half-cup bodice. He licked his lips as he looked at the wasp waist that lay below her large conical breasts. He could see the tight leather trousers that encased her long legs and her delicious cunt that would be rubbing naked against the leather made from the balls of men slain in battle. Sharp heels graced her feet as she sat on a naked man. Like her father the Princess Thalia held a lead, this one snaked to a wire cage about the man's balls. 

"Your husband seems to be happy, my Pretty." Toza spoke almost gently. He knew that she was in pain at seeing the man who once had held her dearer than life the plaything of the cruel woman who used him as furniture. She sometimes remembered him as the Prince and hero of his people full of dignity and kindness.

Again the woman did not speak though she saw her husband look with obsessive infatuation at the woman whose curved buttocks were cushioned by his back. The woman near Toza darted her gaze away from the travesty of love as she did so her full breasts quivered as she stifled sobs of sadness. However Toza had seen the effort and he determined that he would need to teach her another lesson to break her. He looked at the throng below and saw his son, the Lord Thollan and his officers. His son was wearing the dark green robes that he preferred and the silver mask that covered his ruined face, about him were feminine youths who seemed to find him amusing. As though he felt his father's gaze Thollan looked up and his lips tightened into a grimace, his eyes spoke of an insane rage that was inside his mind. 

Smiling again the Emperor of Mars looked down at the woman beneath him. 

"Stand up my Pretty I wish to see your bells."

Slowly she rose and he had to give a sharp tug with the lead to pull at her pierced nipples. Without instruction she parted her legs and bent her body offering easy access to her cunt. It had been shaved smooth. Piercing her lips and clit were bells, they were heavy and her lips had been stretched downwards by two inches and had loosened considerably, her clit was now over apparent between her legs. Reaching out he touched the metal bells which swung and chimed in delightful notes.

"Hmmm I think they need to be replaced with something heavier. Do they hurt?" As he spoke he saw the despair in her eyes and he laughed again.

"Dance for us my Pretty. I want to hear your bells."

As he spoke he saw the refusal in her eyes. He laughed again and then snarled an order at the woman.

"Dance!!!!" 

He unclipped the leash as she rose and stood on the platform before him. Those below had ceased talking and watched as the woman began to sway and shake her body. The bells chimed and tinkled as she kicked and swung her body in an obscene parody of the sedate dances she had once danced in happier times. She offered him her pierced and ravaged breasts. Bent over and she opened her cunt lips, swinging her hips back and forth in an effort to please the obscenity that graced the throne behind her. 

Toza watched as sweat slipped between her ripe breasts and towards her cunt. He was offered an ass that she opened, her hole a tight puckered ring. Beneath the ass the bells rang as they slapped into the woman's inner thigh. He realised that he knew what was needed now and laughed as he clapped his hands. The woman stopped, naked fear was etched into her face.

"I think you lack the looseness of hips to dance properly yet my Pretty. Quangdi! Where are you my champion?"

The woman's mouth opened and she hissed one word,"Noooooo!"

"Oh yes my Pretty." A giant seemed to step onto the platform, he must have been almost seven feet tall, his body was solidly muscled and he wore only a loose loincloth that allowed a massive cock to swing back and forth into view. He looked at the woman lewdly. This man was more ape than man and there was no mercy in the simian profile that the woman saw. This man was ugly yet exuded an intense animal power, a power that would make others back away from him in fear and disgust. 

"Take her!"

The words had a finality that could not be withdrawn and the Martian Giant unclipped a catch allowing the loincloth to slip to the floor. His cock was at least twelve inches soft but it rose swiftly to a full twenty inches long and six inches in width hard as he stalked the woman to the edge of the platform. His long arms reached out and pulled her back by her hair throwing her onto her hands and knees before him. She gasped as his body rested on hers and forced her legs apart. A quick thrust into her and she screamed with the pain as he pushed his gigantic cock into her tearing apart her sensitive flesh.

Stretched and opened by the metal bells she was still not loose enough as she felt the tearing of her flesh as this monster pushed his cock into her. He struck the top of her cervix as he drove his cock into her. There was a flare of pain as he slammed his cock into her defenceless cunt the first time and then continued sending thrusts of pain into her. She felt a tearing deep inside her cunt and the filling of it with liquid. Blood dripped from the lips and down her thighs. His cock drove into her and she passed out as he ravaged her broken body. Then he crowed with pleasure as he came. Stream after stream of cum shot into the woman's body and satisfied he pulled his cock from her and then used her breasts to wipe the mixture of blood and cum from his cock, he turned to Toza who smiled at the giant.

"You enjoyed that didn't you my friend?" Toza purred wickedly.

"Was good Your Ferocity. Can have again?"

"Not yet. I think you may have broken her." He spoke as he watched as the blood poured from her violated cunt. He clicked his fingers and two guards moved out of the recesses they were in. The insectile legs clicked hollowly as they climbed up the platform and waited for the instructions that were to come. Their segmented Jewelled eyes looked about the hall as they held the heat guns in one set of arms and the electro-spears in another set. Their mandibles clicked sickeningly together as they waited for Toza to speak his command. 

"She is yours to do as you will."

The carapaced bodies lowered in a bow and the two insectoids lifted the woman in their claws and walked towards the hidden doors near the throne. Doors that led to the barracks below. Her breasts rose and fell in irregular patterns. As she was taken Toza wondered if she would wake as the creatures ate her alive or perhaps she would be used for their breeding as they inserted their egg laying tudes into her cunt and laid their eggs in her body. The victims often came powerfully he had seen when the the sex organs of the insect guards pierced the bodies of their victims that way and laid eggs in the stomach cavities. A pity she would be eaten from the inside when the eggs hatched but that was the way life was in the court of Toza the Terrible.

Looking up he called Thalia and Thollan to his side. Toza was pleased to see Thalia bring her pet with her. As one they dropped to their knees before their terrifying father and pushed their faces into the hard black marble of the Dias. Then they rose and Toza smiled at them, they flinched for they knew that when their father smiled it was only to inflict pain.

"My dearest children and how go your plans to kill me?" He hissed at them.

They started and denied any plans but they wondered what he had found discovered through his Inquisitors. Yet it is not them he wished to torment this once but the man with Thalia. He was naked save for the cage that enclosed his balls and locked a ring about his erect cock. Once he may have been thought handsome but now his eyes showed the black rings of lack of sleep and his body was no longer is hard but seemed to be one that has seen too much hunger.

"You did not greet your wife Prince." Toza hissed to the man who cringed by his daughters feet. 

The man looked up and Toza saw that his eyes were red with unshed tears. His mouth formed words that seemed to be dragged from his body.

"I have no wife only my Loving Mistress who I love beyond life." He spoke by rote as though he was reciting a lesson he barely believed.

"I am glad to hear you say that Prince, for your wife, no ex-wife will be enjoying the company of my guard. An interesting company I am told but only for a short time and it ends so painfully. She was not loose enough, did you not fuck her? No I can see with that little organ she would never be capable of taking my champion. She should have talked to you my daughter since he has pleased you often I hear."

"Yes Father he reaches all the places I need him to reach with that cock of his."

"I may need to take away your plaything daughter." The woman shrugged sending a delightful quiver through her breasts.

"He has grown boring there is no spirit in him now."

"Perhaps your un-brother can draw something out of him," Toza laughed at his joke for Thollan like to dismember his lovers slowly. It was said that his latest was merely a head and torso and that head was without eyes and tongue. 

"And why should I give him my plaything father." Thalia would not give anything to her brother save a knife in his back.

"Because my dear I have a new plaything for you," the obscene man smacked his lips as he signalled to unseen watchers. From a hidden trapdoor beneath the throne platform a dishevelled naked man rose. It was very obvious that he had been whipped and beaten before he had been brought here. He looked on the trio in front of him with contempt until he was pushed to the ground.

"Duke Moran!!" Both exclaimed in surprise. 

The object of their inspection looked through his swollen and bruised eyes and spat bloody flem on the ground in front of the gazing threesome. He was a copper haired man whose muscular body was held on a metal frame. Naked they could admire his twisting and writhing body, it was obvious that he had been beaten savagely. Yet he kept a quiet dignity before the the audience that was in front of him.

Both Thalia and Thollan feasted their eyes on his naked form. They licked their lips lewdly as they admired his thick cock that was encircled in the copper hair sprouting from his pubis. The hair was unusual for the practice at Toza's court was to be hairless save on the head itself, though the Inquisitors were completely hairless. Thalia was the first to touch him and as he tried to escape he rasped a curse at her through his bloody lips. Smiling cruelly she licked her lips and grabbed hold of his balls and squeezed them firmly.

Toza chuckled at the pain that flared in the man's eyes though he remained silent with the pain.

"I am so glad that you are here to enjoy my hospitality Moran," his voice boomed across the hall," And I hope you do not mind my daughter's gentle caresses!"

Toza hissed in a sinister giggle that threatened to grow into manic laughter. The Duke glared back with contempt and futilely strained against the metal cuffs curled about his ankles and wrists. Somehow he spoke again though it almost seemed as though he was struggling against a hand pressed hard against his throat.

"I will kill you one day tyrant and the people of Mars will rejoice in your death."

Toza's fist lashed out and smashed into Moran's washboard stomach bringing pain again to the man's eyes though no cry of pain escaped his blood-caked lips. 

"Why Duke that was ill-mannered. Did not your mother, whichever whore that was, not teach you manners?"

"What do you intend to do with him Father?" Thalia purred. 

As she spoke she breathed deeply, allowing her crimson painted nipples to escape the confines of her bodice. Toza smiled serenely as he reached to one of the prominent hills and twirled and pulled at the flesh only to be rewarded with the small groan of delight from the Princesses full lips. Thollan's marred face twitched in anger and jealousy and he chimed with the silver sweet voice of youth.

"Yes Father what are you going to do with this traitor?" the spite was evident in the voice that had been ripped from its original owner only to be transplanted into Thollan's mangled throat.

This time Toza's manic laughter filled the air as he looked on the three people her. The defiant Moran, and his two children, both who were predators had learnt treachery from their Mother's breasts and their Father's cock. There had been more children but they had died either at his hands or from the hands of the two children who stood before him. Thalia swayed and pouted gracefully and he remembered when he had deflowered her himself. She knew the arts of pleasure well and could debauch any man or woman expertly and quickly. Why she had bedded more than half his court and they would serve her without question. 

Thollan ruled the army and the police through fear. He was a wild animal who took pleasure in the pain he could inflict yet he was as cunning as his half-sister and others were firmly enmeshed in his web. He wiped the slobber that was dropping from his mouth as he considered his answer. A movement caught his eye and he saw the creature at his daughter's feet and he laughed all the more. How delicious he thought to have your enemies chained and helpless before you. With a surprising swiftness for someone so overweight he hauled the man to his feet and stood him before the bound man.

"Do you remember this man my dear Duke?"

The captured man looked at the white emaciated slave before him and a name came to his lips though he did not say it.

"Oh goody you do. Yes it is the Prince of the Hill Tribes just as you were the Duke of the Plain Peoples. You were friends weren't you?" Toza spoke lightly as though he was speaking with a friendly acquaintance.

"He was proud too, said he would die before he would betray you but in the end he did. That is why you are here. Once you might even have called him a man but he likes men touching him now," As though to illustrate his point he touched and caressed the man's balls beneath the brass cage that encircled them. Toza continued to talk," Wasn't your cousin his wife? Why don't you tell the good Duke what has happened to her my little pet."

As he spoke he squeezed the man's balls sharply so that tears ran down his eyes. After a time he began to speak in a low monotone.

"The whore that was my wife has been given to my Emporer's Insect Guards to play with after she was unable to please my Emporer's champion," the man stood ashamed and without courage as he spoke and the others smiled at him.

"Oh why could she not please my champion Prince." The man winced with each word spoken to him.

"She was not loose enough because she had never enjoyed a real man in her cunt."

"Tell me will you try to rescue the whore, Prince?"

He tried to escape but then mumbled a response,"N-n-no my Emperor."

Smiling beatifically he tapped the Princes hard cock and shooed him back to the princess. Turning back to the Duke he spoke again,"Amazing isn't it Duke, it was a byword of Mars that the Prince and his wife were so in love with each other that nothing could change it. So what has happened well, I will tell you!"

He stopped speaking for a short time and then started again," Do you see the brass cage about his cock and balls? It is a device created by Chan Li." 

The Duke cringed at the name of the Grand Inquisitor and chief scientist of Toza. A man whose evil was whispered from mouth to ear. So feared was he that mothers scared their children with his name. Only his master was more feared!

Toza continued,"According to Chan Li the device stimulates the cock into constant erection but stops any orgasm. A man soon finds himself doing anything to have an orgasm, will accept any humiliation and betray anyone or anything no matter how much he loved it. It helped to have my daughter to assist I think, she has tormented your friend with such delights that he now loves her and needs her beyond anything else. Oh he did last longer than anyone before but in the end he broke and now he serves my daughter as her footstool."

He turned again to the prince," Do you love my daughter Prince?"

"Yes my Emperor."

"Then you would be sad to leave her service?"

"I would not be able to live. Please let me serve her! Please!!!!" The Prince wept as he pleaded and begged to be the licker of her leather boots.

"Pathetic isn't it Moran." Toza remarked and then continued," Thollan the Prince is now yours, Thalia you are to assist the good Duke in becoming my servant and tell me where to find the Water Guardians and his hidden army."

Quickly the guards caught the arms of the distraught Prince and led him away to the torture chambers where he would end his life as a stump of body. All the time he pleaded to remain with the Princess. Moran was silently removed from the metal frame he had been attached to and led towards the laboratory of Chan Li and the start of his torment. 

As the hubbub caused by the removal of the two men died away, the crowd parted to allow a bald man in red robes to sweep up the stairs to the throne. He moved in a sinuous manner as he glided to the throne. Toza wondered what this mysterious man wanted of him this time. Though he had served Toza for more than thirty Martian years he had never given away why he had come to Toza and offered him his service. 

Looking at him even Toza found something vaguely repellent about the man. He reminded him of a poisonous snake that swayed gracefully until it darted forward to inject you with venom. His flat unemotional eyes looked at the Emperor with intense curiosity before dropping to the floor. That was usual everything to Toza's Grand Inquisitor was to be tested and measured hopefully even to destruction. This serpentine man was Chan Li a fit companion to the depraved Emperor and family he served. 
