 The story so far: Hawk Masterson, Ronnie Sherwood and Professor Markov have travelled to Mars to stop the bombardment of Earth by secret Y-rays that are causing climatic disasters all over Earth.

Their ship destroyed they have been captured by the Evil Emperor Toza who has decided to make Ronnie one of his sex-sluts. 

Professor Markov has been taken to be turned into one of the dreaded Inquisitors. Whilst Hawk has been sentenced to the Mines of Death.

Episode 3: Escape from the Mines of Death.

i

Ronnie Sherwood's mind felt like it was wrapped in cotton wool, she knew that she should fight these short light green men but for some reason she could not fathom her body did not wish to obey her mind. There was a smell about them that was so pleasant and she wanted to do what ever they wanted to her to do. They were so cute and cuddly even their crimson eyes that stared at her hungrily did not seem to be threatening even though she felt that she should try to break away and find Hawk and the Professor.  

Her body tingled when she thought of Hawk, now there was a man. He was a first class cocksman and she ached for him to thrust his cock deep into her. He was the largest man she had ever known in her cunt and she wanted to know where he was so that she could have him fuck her again.

"Where is he?" she muttered drowsily.

The two eunuchs looked at her in surprise. This was impossible no one could try and say or do anything under the influence of the powerful drug that had been given to the woman but this Earth creature had spoken and was trying to pull away from them. Turning to the woman one stepped forward and sprayed a short burst from a container into her face. The drug quickly took effect and her face became slack with its effect, they were near the Harem and she could be handed over to the Chief Eunuch for preparation.

Turning a corner silver doors were thrust open by the Insect Guard allowing the trio to enter a place of soft diaphanous silks and beautiful women. Had Ronnie been awake she would have seen the red-haired Plains people, the dark-haired Hill folk and the tawny-haired canal dwellers. Every woman looked at Ronnie as she entered, some looked at her with naked with envy, others with open lust and a bare few with murderous rage. From behind a massive stone pillar a more massive green man stepped out. He was hugely fat his body wobbled with each step and he carried a black rod with a silver handle that was in the shape of the cock's head. This rod signified that he was the Chief Eunuch of the Imperial harem.

He touched her with the rod, then it disturbed her golden-hair, he moved it along her cheek and long neck, he used it to measure her broad shoulders the result of hard practice with the longbow. The silver traced around the curve of her large firm breasts, he used it to lift the flesh and then he played the cool silver head to touch the light brown aureoles. Satisfied with the consistency the rod travelled along the flank of her body until it came to the flaring hip, there he moved it over her flat belly and then through the growth of hair between her long legs. 

Satisfied he clapped his hands and called over a serving wench," You there girl come here. See this woman here the Emperor has decided that she is to be one of his concubines so take her away and get her properly prepared." 

The girl curtsied after the high-pitched girlish voice stopped giving its petulant instructions. She was tawny-haired and wore a cotton shift that barely covered a young nubile body. Taking Ronnie by the arm she led the naked drugged woman to the baths where after shrugging out of her shift she led the naked Earthwoman into a pool of warm water. Taking a sponge covered in soap suds she began to wash the Earthwoman's bruised body. 

After looking around the empty bath house she whispered into Ronnie's ear as she washed the woman's back,"Are you the Earthwoman? You must try to fight the drug, you are in terrible danger. "

With an effort of will that surprised her Ronnie croaked out a word,"Danger."

"They have drugged you with a very strong relaxant. Listen to me carefully, I am Toola the Water Guardian of the T'lanta people and I am here to rescue the Princess Suzan but I need your help Earthwoman. Soon they will begin their evil preparations but after that I will come for you." 

Once she had spoken Toola pressed her lips to Ronnies mouth and expertly inserted her tongue between the Earthwoman's lips. Ronnie though never been kissed by another woman found that she was becoming aroused with the woman's body pressed to hers. She found that she played with the tongue in the mouth. So aroused she was that she did not register the liquid spat into her mouth. The other woman pulled away sharply and she heard the voice of one of the Green Eunuchs.

"You there, stop that, you know that you are not to pleasure yourself unless His Ferocity allows it. You are fortunate Earth slut that you are new. Now where has that servant gone, never mind they all look the same to me," the eunuch remarked petulantly.  

As he had told Ronnie off Toola had made a dash for freedom.

"Out of there girl, time to be groomed for your Masters visual pleasure."

Ronnie rose from the pool with a deep effort and another slavegirl wrapped a towel about her sensuous form. Ronnie felt her mind sharpen, everything seemed less fuzzy as the antidote to the drug that had held Ronnie in its clutches began to work its way through Ronnie's body . Looking about her she saw the black insect guards hidden from easy sight. Everywhere the little green eunuchs scuttled to and fro guiding the naked concubines from one place to another. The Eunuch with her suddenly stopped, pulled open the curtain and ushered the woman into a opulent massage room. Other hands, the slaves here helped and pushed her up onto the waiting beauty and massage table. The Eunuch whispered instructions to the plump black haired woman sitting in the corner. 

There was a slight smile and she nodded her double chin. Standing she looked down at the woman who she was to pamper and form into the perfect woman for the Emperor. Taking her magnifying glass she ran her eye over every inch of the woman's body and grunted with surprise at how well formed she was but it was the golden hair that was her glory. Frowning at the thick hair that covered her cunt the woman angrily muttered to herself, that would have to come off, the Murit nobles were fanatic about a woman being hairless there and punished the servants if they came to them with even a single hair on their cunts.

Taking a spatula of a reddish cream in a glass bowl she began to smooth it over Ronnies body. There was no where that the woman did not put it even between her toes. Then the burning began, at first it was dull warmth that even aroused Ronnie, then an itch and finally a wave of pain that seemed to embrace Ronnies body. Before Ronnie could to try to scrape off the foul mixture on her body other hands held her pressed firmly to the table. Ronnie cried with the pain that wracked her body. 

Satisfied the beautician ran a tight string across Ronnies body peeling away the clotted cream that lathered her body. As the cream came off it left her skin soft, smooth and glowing. The cream completely removed the woman again took out her magnifying glass and checked Ronnies body forensically. Nodding her head again she proceeded to give the woman a perm teasing the hair into an elaborate castle above her face. 

Ronnie looked up once and saw a man in red robes enter the cubicle a blue jar held gingerly before him, the others cringed away from the man who held the blue jar in his hands. She saw looks of fear as they turned their heads away from the man.

"Is she ready," his softly insistent voice cut through the sounds that echoed in the harem.

The beautician looked up and spoke in a harsh guttural voice,"Of course Inquisitor. What is to be done with her?"

"His Ferocity wishes her to be the perfect slut-lover. So she will be enjoying the attentions of the Aphrodesia. "

The other woman clapped her hands and laughed shrilly," Oh that is rich. Do you know what that means my girl? Of course you don't. Let me explain, you will be having the Aphrodesia bugs inserted here and here," The woman touched her nipples,"Here and here." that was her cunt and ass-hole. 

The woman continued to crow exultantly, "The bugs increase your sexual appetite ten-fold, so that all you want is to scratch the itch in your body and you will do anything to get at it. You become a perfect sex machine but there's more my dear they recreate your hymen so that the first man who takes you after they have been introduced to your body takes your cherry again."

As she spoke Ronnie realised that her body was to be violated in the most degrading way. Then the man was next to her and open the blue jar with a loud pop. Taking a long pair of tweezers he took out an acidic green coloured object that he placed next to her nipple. She wanted to scream as it scurried across her flesh. There was a little scream from her lips as she felt it bite into her skin and burrow into the sensitive flesh of her breast beneath her nipple. Suddenly she felt a scurrying at the nipple of her other breast and the sharp pain as a bug bit into and burrowed beneath her nipple.

Ronnie felt them move beneath her flesh and then warmth rushed and pulsed through her body from her breasts, with the warmth came an intense pain that left her breathless. It was an agony that made her also feel an intense pleasure. She came as her nipples burnt with this strange insistent pain. The pain and pleasure were so intense that she did not feel the leather bands being tightened about her wrists and ankles. Bands that held her completely helpless to the couch she was on. Even the shrill voice of the beautician did not bring her out of her lust-drenched feelings.

"Look Inquisitor the slut has cum with merely two of the bugs in her. Quickly introduce the others before she passes out with the pleasure I want to see her agony and pleasure." As she spoke the beautician licked her lips obscenely.

The Inquisitor did not need any encouragement to do what the woman called on him to do but took two fluorescent green grubs and placed them next to Ronnies swollen cunt lips, their legs gripped the smooth flesh easily and then they moved blindly between the open gateway to Ronnie's lust and once inside burrowed into the succulent flesh. As they did so they released secretions that changed they way Ronnies cunt worked making her insatiable. Unlike the Martians her Earth body reacted strongly to the hormones injected into her willing body, indeed had she not been stronger than a Martian she would have died with the intense pleasure that flooded her body. 

Satisfied that the woman bound to the table was changing the Inquisitor took out two incredibly fat grubs. One was placed carefully near Ronnie's ass-hole and the other on top of her clit. The woman screamed with agony as the grubs burrowed again into her body. The one at her ass-hole was like a small green cock pushing into her hole while the other creature buried itself deep into the sensitive clit curling about it and fusing with it. Her clit doubled in size and her nipples shot forward as the bugs changed to become part of her body. 

Even bound Ronnie bent like a perfect bow as her body was wracked with a combination of intense pain and pleasure. Wordless screams echoed through the harem as Ronnie tried to escape the descent of her mind into this raging cauldron of fire that caressed her one moment and then scourged her the next. 

Looking dispassionately at the woman below him the Inquisitor turned to the eunuch that had entered the cubicle. 

"Take her to the other one being prepared. I do not need to see her again I think."

His instructions given the red-robed figure left the others to wheel the table with its screaming cargo into the room where another figure was bound to the walls. Then they left Ronnie as the bugs changed her body in ways that she could barely imagine.

ii

Professor Markov remained bound to the metal table as the Inquisitors moved effortlessly between containers of exotic chemicals and the electrical equipment that they prepared. The Professor looked about him as the creatures busied themselves in activities that he could barely understand. They ignored him as they rushed about the well-lit laboratory. There was the familiar snap of electricity exploding into air as the machinery was prepared.

"Please no. No I haven't done anything wrong don't make me become one of you!!!"

Markov moved his head to see a young man brought into the room he was shaved bald like the Inquisitors around him. Seemingly they held him gently but though he struggled he was unable to escape their clutches. What shook the Professor was the look of intense fear on the man's face. Firmly he was bound with heavy leather straps to the table that was tipped up to allow the mans feet to rest on the floor. Electrodes were attached to his temples, to his nipples using sharply serrated clips and to his scrotum.

Hands lifted his head and a thin tube was attached to a brass spigot driven into the base of the man's skull. The tube was attached to a glass bulb that contained a vivid acid green liquid.

"In seven Martian dayssss you will be in that man'ssss place," Chan Li hissed into his ear.

"What are you doing to him?" The Professor asked hoping for some information that would help him. As he spoke the man pleaded piteously to the automatons that prepared him.

"We Inquisitorsss live by pure logic and thought therefore we remove the dangersss of the flesh from our bodiesss. It requiresss much calculation and study since we need to know what givesss both pain and pleasure. Then when we now what is needed we prepare a brassss spout to the brain for drugsss to inhibit the functioning of the pain and pleasure receptorsss in the organ. Electric shocksss complete the processss and then the true training of an Inquisitor beginsss." 

"No!!!!! Please let me go I will do anything you want!!!!!" The man screamed with fear as he looked at the naked woman who was being led to him.

"Ah our tempter. She isss beautiful isn't she, she will try to excite him and once excited we will begin our treatment. Foolish woman she thinkssss that if he cumsss she will be released but if she failsss then she will die in the Imperial Guardsss breeding groundsss. Of course we never fail and the woman isss doomed. Let usss watch asss another one of our brothersss is born." 

Though the bound man tried to draw away from the woman she thrust her breasts at his body and began to draw them across his chest. Her hand slipped to his shrivelled cock and began to touch it. He asked and pleaded with her to stop and though the Professor saw her sorrow he also saw a desperate fear at what would happen to her if she failed. Then the man's cock twitched. His body was betraying him and his cock was becoming excited as the woman caressed his balls and held his cock. 

Each pump of blood through his veins made his cock grow. The woman knelt before his body and her lips touched his cock. It slipped easily between her lips and she began to massage his flesh with her tongue. His breathing became laboured and he groaned in deep despair as his cock grew to its maximum hardness and length. His cock slipped in and out of the woman's lips as she tried to make him cum. Then the Professor saw one of the Inquisitors move from the dials he had been reading to the glass chamber above the examination bed. Long manicured fingers turned the knob that released the green liquid that slowly began to trace a path through the glass tubes to the man being pleasured by the girl's mouth.

Suddenly the Professor's transfixed eyes moved from the oozing green liquid to the sound of snapping electricity as generators were switched on.

"The chemical dullsss and killsss the nervesss that deal with touch, taste and scent. That makes sight and hearing so much better, the electricity destroysss the function of the sex glandsss and drains the organsss of their fertility that is why thisss isss done when the body isss at maximum excitement," Chan Li spoke triumphantly," It also allowsss us to change the thought patternsss of our future brothersss. Ah it is time."

As he spoke the words the green liquid reached the brass spigot and entered the man's body.

"NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!"

The word was a scream of agony that seemed to come from the very cells of the man's body. There was a faint smell of burning flesh as the switch was thrown and electricity flowed through the man's convulsing body in irregular jolts. Muscles distended and rippled as the charge coursed through his body. His eyes were pushed back in their lids and he screamed again and again with agony. The agony that comes as a body is changed forever. 

The woman had drawn away from the man's body in shock and wondered what she should do. His cock shrank but as it did clear odourless liquid was squirted into the glass beaker placed beneath his cock. Later the Professor would be told that this was the dying semen and cum of the man as it was voided by the dying balls of his body. This was caused by electricity as it fried the scrotum and its contents. There was a dull thunk as the switched was opened and the electricity stopped flowing through the man's abused body. The tap releasing the green liquid was again switched off and the last of the liquid slurped through the brass spout.

"Well get on with it woman or do you wish to feed the Insectsss now," Chan Li spoke coldly to the scared young woman. 

The man was stirring from his shock and the woman her well-endowed breasts heaving in fear knelt again before him. She tried her hand first but he did not respond at all. Desperately she started to lick and nibble at the limp cock. This time however he did not stir to her expert touches and she became more frantic in trying to arouse him. She started as he lifted her from her knees and smiling he wrapped his hands about her neck and began to squeeze the life from her body. His eyes shone with an inner madness that made her struggle harder but he seemed inhumanly strong. 

His hands firmly around her throat he lifted her into the air and watched as her feet danced back and forth trying to reach the floor. Her face blue she ceased her struggle and the man threw her away into a corner. As he did so the other inquisitors wrapped his naked body in their crimson robes.

"Tomorrow we will start with the insertion of the brassss spigot at the base of your skull." Chan Li whispered into the shocked Professor's ear.

iii

Hawk was thrown back against the jagged rock as the fist pounded into his chin. He shook his head and saw a large bearded naked man in front of him. The first thought that Hawk thought was duck as a fist passed close to his chin. Stepping gracefully he moved onto the sanded area and raised his fists. He didn't try to ask questions, the answers would come later, what he needed to do now was survive the onslaught of fists that would soon come. 

"Come on Earthscum take your licks like a man. I'm the chief here and I aim to show you that your nothing without licking my feet." The Martian boomed. 

The other men here watched from a rough circle they had drawn around the fighters. They had seen this far too many times to think Hawk had any chance against their self-styled chief. Hawk shuffled forward a step and swung his fist against the man's mid-section. There was a sharp oof and the man bent over only to raise himself with a dreadful anger in his eyes. He charged at Hawk with his fists swinging. With assured ease Hawk stepped aside from the charging man and landed two bows that sent him to the floor. One to the stomach again and the other to the head. With his enemy down Hawk swung a hay maker under the man's chin that threw him onto the sandy ground unable to rise. 
