 "Captain to the bridge please, Captain to the bridge. All hands to jump station, all hands to jump stations." The voice came over the ship's speaker.

Jazzdel reached over and hit the switch. "Bridge, Captain, time to jump point?"

The Executive Officer responded instantly, "time to jump five vestos Captain."

"Any sign of pursuit?" Kladnira asked loud enough to be heard.

"Nothing showing on sensors," Commander Memin responded crisply. "However, the com messages are piling up. You might want to bring a saw to cut your way on to the bridge."

"What are they threatening with now?" The Captain asked sharply.

"That they are going to have the ship held at Arcadia until a proper security detachment can reach us."

The four women in the cabin smiled at each other. "No response XO, we are on our way up. Complete calculations for FTL jump."

"Ready to go Captain," Memin replied. "Course and jump input and ready to execute."

"Any ships in range?" 

"Negative Captain, all sensors clear."

"We are on our way up." The Captain closed the circuit and stood from the table. "Let's get this ship underway Chief. I need a break from all this political mess. Give me a simple FTL jump any day."

"My thoughts exactly," Chief Pelonit agreed stepping out of the office.

Kladnira and Teagin followed the Captain to the bridge. They paused at the hatch as they heard something bump in the closet that held Kladnira's clothes. The Captain drew her sidearm and moved to the door, motioning the others back. Teagin pushed Kladnira behind her and drew her own weapon, with no security on this trip all were armed. Del looked at Teagin and she nodded, pointing her weapon at the door as Del reached out for the handle. Jerking it open suddenly a small figure tumbled onto the floor.

"What are you doing here child?" Kladnira asked of the small pale girl lying in the deck in a heap. "I instructed you to observe the guard."

"I did Mistress," she responded, looking up. She moved gracefully to her feet. "The Captain of your guard showed me all that you commanded, I had lunch with the guard and ran the training course with them. When it came time to depart with the air car, I slipped in among the detail and since I had been following the Captain all turn, no one questioned me. I stayed hidden from the Captain at the shuttle field and slipped into the cargo hold with the luggage. One of the guards simply led me in and told me to stay out of the way. When they were not looking, I slipped into the main seating area and hid in a store cupboard."

"How did you get in here," Teagin asked as Kladnira fought to hide a smile.

"I waited until the crew was moving the luggage and slipped in among them. There are spare flight suits on the shuttle and I used one. They didn't look at my face and I helped carry some of your luggage in here and when they weren't looking I hid in the closet." 

"What is your name child?" The Captain asked,

"Bartelda, Captain." She replied confidently.

"Well Captain, we seem to have a new problem," Teagin said turning to the bother two.

Kladnira had a wide smile in her face when she said, "actually, I think we have a solution." The other two stared at her and she motioned all of them to join her as she stepped out of the cabin and headed to the bridge.

The crew moved with brisk efficiency that spoke of excellent training. No one looked up as the four entered the bridge. The Captain assumed her station at the centre of the bridge and Kladnira and Teagin took the two observation seats and secured their restraints.

"Comm, can you still get me real time with my guard?" Kladnira asked.

"Yes Mistress, putting you through now, they are on the orbital station, making preparations to follow us, but they will at least a turn behind us."

"Excellent, connect me at once." Kladnira said calmly and waited for the screen to show the harassed looking captain of her guard.

"Mistress, you must turn back at once, you have no security with you and you know that is a violation of..."

"Actually Captain I have extremely good security with me." Kladnira interrupted, motioning Bartelda forward. "Meet your replacement, Acting Captain Bartelda." The child looked startled for second then glowed with delight.

"Mistress, you can't mean that." The Captain gasped.

"Captain, your security cordon for the First Mistress was penetrated and defeated by a child." Kladnira said with a grim look. "I strongly suggest that you and the rest of the guards look for new employment. I will be trusting my security to the successful replacement. Also inform her mother of her location and that we will make sure that her school work is up to date. I expect you to have a complete review of all procedures for your replacement. Dismissed." The comm officer closed the channel before the guard captain could do more than stare in shock.

"Well done Mistress."

"Thank you Captain, Acting Captain Bartelda, go and secure yourself in my quarters and we will discuss your duties after the jump." Kladnira ordered.

"Yes Mistress," Bartelda said, smiling so wide, her face seemed about to burst as she moved off the bridge.

"Comm, send an encrypted message to Admiral Nordaltim informing her of the recent events of my security team and instruct her to review the reports made by the Captain. After that she is to preside over a complete review of the shuttle pad incident, with special focus on Acting Captain's Bartelda's involvement in the matter. I would like her to have a complete exercise critique completed before our return. Then instruct her to inform the current security team that they still have their positions, unless I need to replace them with Acting Captain Bartelda's classmates." Kladnira ordered with an evil smile. "And send it just before we go into FTL, so they don't have a chance to respond."

"Yes First Mistress, coding now." The comm officer replied with a matching grin before turning to her console.

The yacht was three light hours from the system primary and just outside of the gravity well created by the g-seven star. The vector was locked in and after a quick scan entered jump space with all the solidity of a soap bubble. The yacht suddenly dropped out of Einsteinian space and into the questionable realm of Faster Than Light travel. In seconds the ship was moving at more than three thousand times the speed of light. 

"How long on this heading," Kladnira asked.

"Two decos, just to be safe," the XO responded. "There are numerous jump points that far out. That will put us in range to adjust to the system coordinates that you gave me, while losing us in the multiple transits."

"Will we make it in the timeframe I gave you?" Kladnira pushed.

"It will be close, but we should make it." Jazzdel said looking at the readouts. "If we drop out of FTL at the point indicated by the XO, we will be only two decos from the jump point to the Dalness sector. If we can jump and maintain a speed of three thousand lights, we will only be about three decos beyond your window. If we can increase to thirty three hundred lights, we will be there six decos early."

Kladnira leaned over to the Captain's chair and pressed the intercom stud.

"Chief at the next jump can we make thirty three hundred lights for five turns?"

"Are you implying that my engines are not up to the task?" Came the snarky reply from below decks.

"Oh no Chiefie," Kladnira said winking at Teagin who shook her head. "I just didn't want to push the ship or her crew beyond anything they could handle." The Captain put her head in her hands.

"This ship will make thirty five hundred lights to Dalness if I have to get out and push." Pelonit's voice from the intercom could have blistered paint on the hull.

"I don't think there will be need for that Chief," the Captain responded with a smile. "Thirty three hundred will do fine."

"Aye Captain, setting for thirty three hundred lights at next jump," came the brisk response from the engine room.

"Captain, the First Mistress and I will get some sleep," Teagin said, looking pointedly at Kladnira. "Please inform us of our rotation in the watch standing. Mistress..." She turned to Kladnira and motioned to the hatch.

"Thank you Captain that was excellently done as always." Kladnira said undoing her restraints and moving to the hatch under the watchful eye of her maid.

"We aim to please Mistress," the Captain replied formally and turned to her duties.

Teagin and Kladnira made their way to their quarters in silence. The rooms were magnificent as befitted the head of state, but neither paid much attention to them. The hatch sealed and Teagin made sure the privacy settings were on full before she spoke.

"Have you decided on a course of action yet Nira?"

"Not yet beyond getting to this planet and trying to get them to cooperate before the fleet shows up."

"And if you don't?"

"Then I will have no choice but to allow the invasion," Kladnira said sadly.

"And if you do get a treaty, what then," Teagin pressed. "What if you have a treaty and the fleet comes in, ignores it and attacks the planet? How will you stop them?"

Kladnira stared at the older women in horror, that thought had occurred to her, but to hear it put so blatantly shocked her.

"I don't know yet," Kladnira admitted. "That is something that we have yet to work out, but that can be after we get some sleep. Captain Bartelda." She called. The young girl appeared instantly from a sitting room off the main suite.

"Yes First Mistress?"

"You will be bunking down the corridor. After we get some sleep I will have someone show you around the ship and explain how things work and what your duties will be." Kladnira informed her.

"I have completed my study of the ships schematics," Bartelda said confidently. "I can find my way blindfolded anywhere in the ship. Also according to my predecessor, my duties are to follow you at all times and ensure your safety. As such, I cannot bunk down the corridor, but will sleep here on the floor by your bed."

"You will do no such thing child." Kladnira said, trying to hide her shock at the child's claim. "If you are indeed going to function as my bodyguard, you will need proper rest, which means in a bed down the corridor."

"Mistress, as your only bodyguard on board, I must be in close proximity to you at all times." Bartelda said with calm confidence. "If I am sleeping down the hall in another room, I could not do my job properly."

"You do realize that you are not really my bodyguard." Kladnira informed her.

"Mistress, per scroll one four three eight nine, section three, sub section two, paragraph three, 'any appointee to the royal guard shall complete their duties with all diligence at all times.' As you informed your former captain, not to mention the fleet admiral, that I am your new bodyguard, I submit that that makes it official and I have no choice but to obey the scrolls." Bartleda commented without a hint of a smile.

"There is no such scroll." Kladnira said in shock.

"Actually there is Mistress," Teagin said quietly behind her. "The child is correct."

"Acting Captain please." Bartleda said looking at Teagin for the first time.

"Of course Captain." Teagin said with a gracious smile.

"Teagin, you can't be willing to go on with this. I only said that to light a fire under Captain Horness." Kladnira said plaintively.

"Regardless of why you said it, you made it a part of the official record and the Captain is correct." Teagin said calmly, she turned to the new captain. "Captain, I am also fully qualified to be the First Mistresses bodyguard. I will share the duties with you; also there are several others aboard that you can rely on if necessary. I suggest that you follow the Mistresses orders and bunk down the corridor."

"With respect Teagin," Bartelda said, meaning every word, "but you cannot stay awake every turn any more than I can. When the Mistress sleeps, you should sleep as well. My presence in her room will not bother either off you."

Kladnira looked at the stubborn youthful face and realized that the girl was willing to argue until she got her way. With a great sigh Kladnira gave in.

"Very well Captain," Kladnira emphasized the title. "You will sleep here, but not on the floor, you can sleep with me. No go get ready for bed and Teagin here will watch me to make sure I behave." 

"Can I trust you Mistress?" Bartelda asked suspiciously.

"Impertinence." Kladnira sputtered.

"Realism Mistress," Bartelda responded. "I was in the shuttle at the port remember?"

Kladnira shot a look at Teagin who started to laugh, before turning it into a cough.

"Yes Captain, I will remain in my quarters until you return."

"Thank you Mistress." Bartelda replied and turned to the replicator and ordered up a night shirt and then disappeared into the bathroom. As soon as the door closed Teagin snorted in laughter. Kladnira rounded on her.

"You were a lot of help," Kladnira accused her.

"What did you want me to say, she was right."

"But you didn't have to agree with her," Kladnira stormed.

"Face it Nira," Teagin smiled. "I think you have just met your match in sneakiness. And she is only a child."

"Go to bed old woman." Kladnira snapped, but her eyes twinkled.

"Sleep well my child." Teagin embraced her Mistress and left the cabin as Bartelda returned in a long night shift.

"In to bed with you Captain. I will be along as soon as I have changed." Kladnira picked out her own night shift and headed for the bathroom.

******************

Fleet Admiral Nordaltim looked up from her reports as her assistant's hologram appeared above her desk. "Admiral, the Prime is here to see you."

"Send her in please and prepare a tray," she responded and stood up from her desk. Her tunic remained on the rack behind the door; she didn't bother to get it. It was proper to be fully in uniform to receive the senior member of the governing council, but Nordaltim and Councilor Byrocnel had known each other since they were children and any formality between the two of them had been set aside long ago.

The door to the office slid open silently and The Prime, Senior Councilor Byrocnel walked through it with great dignity. The senior council member was elected from among all the councilors to lead the council and reported only to the First Mistress. That position was simply called the Prime. It was always a senior member, and not always a title that they wanted but they made do.

The door slid shut and Byrocnel collapsed face down on the couch with a deep groan. Nordaltim smiled walked over to the comfortable arm chair that flanked the couch and looked down on her prostate friend. "Bad day at the office dear?" The Prime simply turned her head and stuck her tongue out, Nordaltim laughed.

The door chime signaled the arrival of the Admiral's aide with the tray, Byrocnel sat up swiftly and arranged herself into a proper position of a leader. The door slide open and Yeoman Aqiltid wheeled in the tea set complete with crystal pots, cups and saucers. The crystal pot and cups had stone handles to prevent heat transfer, but the crystal kept the tea hot, and the pastries smelled wonderful.

"Thank you Aqiltid, I will serve the Prime, you are dismissed." Admiral Nordaltim said and the small pale yeoman nodded, her white hair flicked with the motion and she spun on her heel and left the office. "We are not to be disturbed."

"Yes Admiral, there is a dispatch on the tray that I think you should see right away." The young aide said as the door slide shut. Admiral Nordaltim accessed the room's security systems and the activated the privacy shielding and then poured the tea.

"What is it this time?" Nordaltim asked softly handing over the cup and saucer, then moved the tray of baked goods to the table between them and then poured her own cup before settling into her chair and picking up the dispatch.

"When will the fleet be ready to pull out and begin operations on this planet?" Byrocnel asked in reply.

"We are on schedule to depart in three turns Nel, what is going on?"

"The First Mistress departed this morning for Arcadia, without her security forces." Byrocnel replied. "And according to the station, the yacht departed with a skeleton crew before we could get a message to the station to hold the ship until the security team showed up."

"It says the same here," Nora said waving the dispatch viewer. "It also seems that she has not only moved without her security team, she fired the lot of them and appointed a child that sneaked aboard her shuttle as her new security team leader, that girl." Nora shook her head and laughed softly. 

"So, she left for a little vacation and now we can do what we need to do to complete the mission her mother gave us." 

"Nor, you can't really believe that she went on vacation can you?"

"Where else could she... you don't think she would go there on her own do you?" Nordaltim asked in surprise.

"You saw how adamant she was about not moving forward with the invasion." Nel replied. "If she could get to them first, she might be able to warn them we are coming and this operation will go from a quick invasion and occupation to a long drawn out campaign."

"That would be treason," Nor said shocked to her core.

"Would it," Questioned Nel. "She is acting First Mistress. She can make decisions based on her desires for our people. If she feels that a treaty is the best way to proceed, then she has the right to follow that direction despite what we want."

"Even if it is in direct violation of the orders of the previous First Mistress?"

"In this case especially if it is in violation." Nel replied without heat. "You were there; you saw how she was behaving near the end. If the child wants, she could drag the whole thing before the tribunal and have her mother declared insane. She wouldn't listen to any of us and you know her orders were getting more erratic with every day." She sighed. 

"If she opened the records of the meetings to the tribunal, I have no doubt that she would prove her case in that her mother was mentally incompetent to rule," Nel said seriously. "If the tribunal upheld that decision then we would be the ones held for treason."

"If she does warn them do you think they can defeat our fleet?" Nel asked.

"I don't know," Nor answered, "but even the slightest warning will change the dynamic if the mission. The database provided to us by Captain Mina," she grimaced at the name, "shows that these are a very warlike and militant race. Even if they were know that we will eventually win, that still may not stop them from slowing down the process, and that is not the worst of it."

"It gets worse?"

"Our population is dwindling," Nor responded. "We have a limited time left as a species and currently we have barely enough personnel to operate our ships. A long campaign will no doubt see losses that we can't afford. Not to mention that every loss we take represents a chance for our technology to fall into their hands and give them the chance to learn from us." Before the Prime could reply the hatch slid open and a junior captain stormed in followed by the Admiral's aide.

"You can't go in there," Aqiltid said shrilly trying to stop the captain without actually getting physical.

"Admiral, Prime, I have information that you need in regards to the fleet departure." She said quickly.

"Admiral, I'm sorry, but this Captain insists on seeing you and would not wait." The Yeoman said. "I have contacted security."

"Who are you?" Nora demanded as she and Nel each stood and stared at the intruder.

"Captain Divel Admiral, Intelligence section four."

"And I hope you have a good reason for ignoring the chain of command Captain." Admiral Nordaltim said frostily.

"Yes Admiral, I do."

