 Episode 4: Friends, Enemies and Liberty

The story so far. Our band of adventurers have travelled to Mars to save an Earth being swept by intense climatic events only to discover the evil Emperor Toza who seeks to destroy the nations on Earth. Imprisoned and without hope of help from Earth the trio are sentenced to death or conversion to creatures for Toza's amusement. Professor Markov to become one of the dreaded Inquisitors. Ronnie to be changed to a pleasure slut in Toza's Harem. Hawk had been sentenced to the Mines of Death but had plunged fighting the Duke Moran into a canal of Mars and certain Death.

So let the story continue

i

The Emperor Toza looked down from his throne at the woman bound tightly to the metal frame. She could not touch the floor with her toes but needed to strain continually to hold her arms completely horizontal. If she moved one inch her feet would be broiled on the hot coals beneath her. She had been able to hold away from the coals for over twenty minutes and there were many who wished she would admit failure and touch the coals. They licked their lips with the thought of her pain and suffering. 

At the constant murmuring of the people around her the Princess Thalia looked up at her father, there was no plea for forgiveness in her face merely contempt for those about her who sought her downfall. Naked she strained to keep above the coals and her arms and shoulders burnt with a fierce pain, held like this she gasped for air as her body crucified itself. She saw her half-bother wave to her as though greeting her socially but his eyes spoke of his desire to see her burn and suffer. 

When Hawk and the Duke had fallen to their deaths into the canal she realised that her father's rage would be hard and deadly. He had struck her the once when she was dragged before him and then coldly called upon his guards to take her away. Thalia had felt fear then, she could cope with his anger and could please him in various ways to bring him to forgive her. Like this however she realised that she would suffer for her failure. 

Her body failed and her feet touched the red coals. She screamed as her feet cooked, desperately she tried to draw her body into the air again but her strength was failing and her feet remained glued to the coals that were grilling her feet. The smell of barbecued meat filled the room as her skin charred and grew black in the heat. Thalia's screams of pain continued for what seemed to her an eternity. 

Suddenly her body swung away from the coals and she felt her bonds loosened as Quandi cut her loose and half dragged her to her father.

"I have decided that you will not be permanently physically damaged," Toza's deep voice grated out.

"Instead you will be punished for your failure with pain and humiliation for this day. For your servants there can only be death." His voice was like the grating of stones together.

Then standing he signalled for her to join him and she staggered over the floor to him. Each step was agony as she drove her broiled feet to make each step. Then she was standing near him. Her body was coated in sweat and her hair swung into her eyes that she hurriedly brushed away. A curtain was drawn behind the throne and a door opened onto a small courtyard. In agony she moved to keep up with her father refusing to be dragged into here by his guards. There packed tightly together were her maids, bodyguards and others of her household. Each was tied to a post, yet they were tied in a way that would cause maximum pain and humiliation since they were tied so that their sexes were easily accessible for what was planned.

They had been forced into positions that even trained acrobats would have found difficult and some had felt their joints dislocate as they had been tied in this way. Seeing her some cried out piteously for mercy but most knew that there would be no mercy from the man who stood next to their Mistress. For this was Toza the Terrifying slayer of children and killer of nations.

"Chan Li and I have talked long and hard about what we will do your servants. I think you will enjoy the artistry of it," Toza remarked happily. 

Looking up from her father Thalia saw the evil Inquisitor with his cohorts seated about the arena.

"Now my dear daughter we have some amusements for you and our court!" Taking her by her hand Toza dragged the hobbling Thalia to a throne whilst he sat beside her. Satisfied she was settled he nodded to Chan Li who rose sinuously and stepped onto the arena's surface.

At his signal the other Inquisitors advanced until they were next to their chosen victims. Watching Chan Li some took out long slim silver rods that they held in their hands. Others removed black spheres that they held gingerly. All waited on Toza's command to commence the punishment.

"At first I thought about just giving your servants to my guard for their amusement but Chan Li said that the punishment would not be as effective as it could be. I agree with him since my guards need darkness for their needs, So we have created a most amusing death for them." Toza stopped speaking for a time looking at the victims tied to their stakes and then spoke again,"Do you see what the Inquisitors hold. From what I have been told the devices have been created after years of experimentation."

Chuckling to himself Toza continued," The silver wands will be placed on the women's clits, as the wands warm from the heat from in their bodies, the wands are turned on. The metal becomes a living liquid that flows into the cunt exciting the nerves there. At first they are aroused and they cum almost continually, the metal flows through the neural pathways destroying them as passes through them. They continue to cum and they die as they cum until the metal reaches the brain and expands into it until the skull explodes."

"Now the spheres," Toza continued," Are for men. The sphere is forced into the ass-hole and it massages the prostate gland triggering hard cocks and orgasms. While it does that it releases chemicals that changes the hormones into a virulent poison that causes intense pain as each organ in the body is destroyed and made into liquid. Literally the bodies become a sack of shit."

His explanation completed he waved his hand to Chan Li who signalled his men. With unhurried movements the wands were touched to the clits and triggered. The metal glowed gold and melted into the women's bodies. As they did so there were gasps of pleasure and then screams of intense joy as they began to orgasm. Their bodies tensed and relaxed and as their bodies pulsed and died in pleasure, the metal worked along the neural pathways to the brain. Within three minutes they were paralysed from the waist down but still they came as the nerves were excited and killed. 

As the women died in pleasure there were screams of anguish from the men after the all too brief pleasure as the poisons in their blood streams smashed through cellular walls and liquefied the organs in their bodies. Thalia watched as her servants died before her their screams the music in this silent place. There was a dull whump as a head exploded, blood and brains staining the clean sand beneath the body, then other heads exploded. With the men the screams stopped as they began to vomit up their liquid organs or it sprayed from their cocks in a obscene parody of cuming.

After ten minutes it ceased the only living people being the Inquisitors who even in this charnel house were detailing their observations and calculations as though this was an experiment. Thalia had watched the killing of her household with dispassionate interest and had admired how her father had taught his court another reason to fear and hate him. However if this was all that he intended for her she felt she may yet survive this day. 

Then he spoke and sent a shiver of fear deep into her soul," I have decided of course on the servants to replace those pieces of dead meat."

Spies and toadies Thalia thought silently.

"However we have not punished you enough. As I have told you dear daughter I have considered this and have decided that since you have the morals of a slut we should have you express it to this court," he spoke with a cool irony.

"Therefore you will be fucked by the three hundred Murit nobles I have brought here to this arena. No you do not need to thank me," he raised his hand as though in benediction and continued," Chan Li has told me that he will supply drugs that will keep you awake and in full senses for the entire time."

Thalia looked about her and in the foul charnel house of the arena a device was being prepared for her to lie on. It was like a gynaecological table with the stirrups and the lower part that could make the legs move apart. She felt Guandi's callused hands wrap about her wrists and she was lifted before his smiling simian face. Already she saw his cock hard and dripping with precum. It was huge to her eyes and she remembered how she had allowed this animal to fuck her. It had almost killed her and she had promised never to let him take her again.

"Since you two are great friends Guandi is to be be the first to take you and your half-brother Thollan will be the last." Toza remarked as Guandi carried her to the table. 

Thick leather straps were fixed about her waist and over her wrists. Her legs were gently raised and tied to the stirrups. Then the table was parted as a wheel was turned next to her head, each turn would open her legs until she was stretched almost to the start of pain. He cunt was open and the lips parted. Chan Li now walked about her and taking a spoon of golden molasses he pushed it into her mouth. It dissolved quickly and she felt her body stream with energy. Her nerves seemed to feel each sensation ten times stronger than before and she felt the man rub the syrup firmly into her nipples and clit. 

Her body prepared he stepped back and Thalia saw the looming bulk of Guandi as he stepped between her legs. Then with incoherent grunt he rammed his cock deep into her cunt. She struggled not to scream as he pumped his cock repeatedly into her body. His dirty fingers clawed and mauled her breasts leaving bruises. He stretched her cruelly and it was only with a supreme control of her body that her cunt did not split under his assault. He screamed and slapped her face as he came and she felt his cum shoot into her body.

Satisfied he pulled his cock out of her body and shook its massive form over her belly. As he stepped away another man took his place and thrust into her for a short time before shooting his load into her. The men blurred all took her brutally and her back and breasts burnt with agony, she felt as though her cunt was being roasted as each cock rubbed it raw. Yet she could not block it out as the drugs kept her awake and feeling each thrust.

Then her brother was atop of her and he whispered his greetings.

"I had hoped you had died here slut-sister but you seem to be too strong for that," he whispered venomously and then continued," though you are the wrong sex for me it will be good to see you squirm in pain as I take you like this!"

He pushed his cock deep into her and pounded into her cunt. He had put something on his cock that seemed to rip into her flesh. Later she would find out that he was wearing a condom that was coated in ground glass and it had scoured her cunt. Each thrust brought screams to her lips and it continued till he came and he was skillful enough to keep his cuming from happening for a long time.

Yet in the end he came and she felt him lift from her body and as she was carried away sobbing in pain she fell into an exhausted coma.

ii

Hawk dreamt of Ronnie's lipstick red lips wrapped about the head of his cock as he drove it in and out of her mouth. His eyes flashed open and he looked down his body to see long dark hair washing over his belly and a mouth riding up and down his hard cock. Then he lay back enjoying the sensation of an experienced mouth. Her tongue explored around the edge of his cock and slipped into the narrow slit at the very top.

He lay back allowing her to thrill him. His cock ached and burnt from the after effects of the sexium induced erections, yet behind them he felt the true erection holding and being controlled in her mouth. She expertly held his cum from erupting and she pumped his cock in and out of her mouth her fingers laced strongly about the base of his shaft. He felt so under her spell he did not try to take her or thrust his hardness into her cunt.

He groaned in disappointment as she pulled away from his cock but she quickly straddled his body. He saw her face and her sparkling blue eyes as she guided his cock to her lips and allowed his cock to stretch and enter her cunt. As her cunt slid down the large, wide cock she closed her eyes and gasped with obvious delight. Her body settled slowly down the shaft. When her black haired pubis pressed against his thin blonde covered groin she held it there and moved the muscles in her cunt singly and in combination. 

Hawk gasped as he felt his cock gripped and released, it was as though he was being masturbated expertly but only by the muscles of the pussy that he occupied. He felt still he could not cum but the harsh denial that had wracked his body under the sexium radiation eased and disappeared. There was a short smile that lit up the woman's face as she began again to ride his cock up and down. She did not try to be slow but moved gracefully and quickly. His hands cupped her heavy breasts and his thumbs circled and he felt the nipples grow hard to press into them. 

He felt her juices run over his cock and she seemed to cum but held it deep inside her body. He pressed harder into her and the pressure in his cock grew and grew until he felt an almighty roar as cum shot through the hard shaft and sprayed into the air where once the woman had pressed her body against his. Her fingers pumped up and down his shaft as spurt after spurt of cum shot from his cock. It seemed an eternity before it stopped and she began to tenderly wipe the greenish tinged cum off his body. 

The Earth-man watched her his body satisfied for the first time in days. He did not feel the Sexium driven desire coursing through his body and he began to wonder what had happened here. 

"I have applied the antidote to sexium poison Hawk Masterson," the woman's husky voice answered Hawks unspoken question.

The Earthman sat up quickly," How do you know my name? How do you know my questions before I ask them?"

"I am a Water Witch Earthman and we have skills and abilities few know of," the woman spoke authoritatively and then continued," I am called Lorena and I thank you for bringing us Duke Moran." 

While the woman spoke she cupped his balls and he felt them grow tight. The tightness spread into his cock that grew hard again and her fingers moved upwards as she began to stroke the rod. Hawk found his body rapidly becoming aroused and he growled deep in his throat with lust. He held Lorena's breasts in his hands and rubbed the nipples into hardness. He thought the woman must be at least forty but she had a great body on her, slim and toned. More she seemed to radiate an intense sexiness that he wanted. 

He leapt on her like a cat and pushed her onto the bed and pulled his rapidly energising body onto hers.

"No more talking Lorena lets fuck," he growled.

"Yes that's good Earthman let the sex be hard and fast." The woman spoke serenely, yet her eyes shone with passion and her legs parted so he could get to her cunt.

The man felt her fingers hold his cock and guide it to the hair clad lips. Once there he thrust into her and rammed into her body again and again, as he did so she pressed her nipples into his chest and ground her prominent clit into his groin. His mind sped through desire and passions that were obliterated by the sensations that exploded through his body. It felt that every cell in his body was aroused, that he would have the most amazing orgasm of his life. Yet as he felt the arousal of his body he could feel her arousal and pleasure as his cock ripped in and out of her wet cunt.

To the sounds of her increasingly frantic groans and gasps he cried out as his cum shot deep into her body. His cells seemed to cum at the same time and his body passed into a sense of orgasm that shook him to his soul. From the Water Witch he felt he orgasm and a connection that enhanced and amplified the pleasure that his body felt. 

He continued to hump his cock into her cunt and felt cum continue to shoot deeply into her body until he felt his body exhausted fall away from hers. Then he began to laugh loudly as he felt an extreme joy wash through his body.

"So that's the cure is it Ma'am, well it beats Castor Oil by a long shot," he moved his body until he tried to stand. 

It took a effort but he stood and saw some clothes. He pulled on loose trousers and tied them securely about his waist. He looked back and asked a question as he slipped a loose sand coloured short over his head," So how did I get here Toots."

"We saw you and the Duke falling from the cliff into the canal somehow you missed the rocks below and you were able to drag yourself and the Duke to the edge of the canal. The Murit," she said this with contempt as though it was an insult," did not bother looking for you and when it was dark we collected you."

The woman gracefully rose and pulled about her body a cloak of the darkest blue, as she did she continued to talk," I was amazed other than a few bruises you are otherwise undamaged. I quickly recognised Sexium poisoning and you woke up with me applying the antidote. Hmmm that was very nice Earthman any time you want to repeat the experience I will be pleased to help."

"Name's Hawk Ma'am but why are you here and how do you know I'm from Earth?" Hawk asked sharply.

The woman smiled," I have an agent in that Bastard's court who risking her life to save someone we need for our resistance to the Empire Toza. She saw you in the court and got information to me here."

"Where is here Ma'am?"

"A cave near the canal. Enough of this talk we need to see how the Duke is. I do not like that device that they have attached to him," Lorena spoke firmly.

Hawk followed the woman closely as she moved along the semi-darkened corridors of the caves. Torches flickered on the wall and they passed into a curtained off chamber where the tortured body of Duke Moran humped futilely into the air even though he slept. There were two others in the chamber, like Hawk they wore loose clothes of a sandy hue.

"The Plains Folk will be pleased to get the Duke back they have fled from the Empire into the deep south highlands. Ah he waking up, he didn't come out as well as you did Hawk he has broken his leg and arm."

As Lorena spoke Moran's eyes snapped open and he looked about the chamber until he found Hawk's face standing near him. Then with a snarl he threw his body against Hawks and snapped his hands about Hawks neck.

iii 

Ronnie felt her cunt being touched gently as she woke. She stretched out and felt her cunt lips being drawn back and a tongue sliding across them. Delicious explosions of pleasure washed over her body and her eyes flickered open as she groaned in delight. Looking down she made out tawny hair between her legs. Then the tongue touched her ultra-sensitive clit and her body exploded in orgasm. She must have groaned loudly because the head between her legs raised itself and she heard a voice. 

"Silence my Lady if they find us we shall be punished severely if they find us," Toola licking and kissing her cunt said.

It was a woman who was doing this. Ronnie was being pleasured by a woman! She felt like screaming her defiance and anger at this invasion by a woman but before she could talk the tongue between her legs touched again her clit and orgasm after orgasm rolled through her body. As she lost herself in the pleasure she felt her body, she felt every touch and caress as though it was alone. Ronnie discovered that she could hold and control her orgasms, she could make them stretch out or trip from her body. Somehow she could feel the pleasure in her body and yet hold control of her mind.
