 Episode 5: Battle-Cry Liberation

i)  

Hawk's fingers desperately clung to the razor sharp rock as he pulled his body over the sheer ledge and he gasped for air. They had started the ascent just before dawn. Now they were climbing the red sandstone cliffs that held the massive canal that delivered water from the ice clad pole to the desperate towns and farms towards the equator. They had carefully chosen the time to avoid the guards that patrolled the paths on top and it had been with difficulty that they had made it this far. 

A hand appeared above the ledge and Hawk grabbed hold of it drawing Lorena the Water Witch quickly over the sharp rock. He had been surprised at her insistence at coming but he could not refuse the argument that she was the only one of them who could heal the damage of Sexium poisoning. There was a sharp grunt as the Duke's hand snaked over the ledge and Hawk assisted him onto the slight shelf of rock.

"We need a quick rest before we go further. I think we are only two hundred feet from it," Hawk remarked slowly as he continued to fight for air from this thin atmosphere.

They had already climbed one thousand feet and he was sure that they were near the balcony that he and Moran had fallen from, if only there were no guards there or that they had fixed the broken glass. He self-consciously adjusted the electro-sword that was slung over his back. It was light and he had been unsure how to hold it until the Duke had explained how it worked. Fortunately he had been American champion of the Épée at college and he had a deep understanding about fencing as well as a remarkable talent for it.

He thought back to the night as they were preparing for the climb and how he had shared Lorena's bed as she spoke to him while she was nervous. Even now he remembered the firm teat that he had licked and sucked. It had pressed into his tongue as she stroked gently yet firmly along his cock.

"Oh you are so good Hawk. To a T'lanta the breasts are the fount of life and nourishment, we only expose them to show our submission to our Gods and to those we want as lovers and partners," she gasped as he slipped down the cot and reversed his body so he could press his mouth to her thick, juicy cunt lips and push his tongue into her cunt.

"The Murit know this, that is why they make our woman go topless when they are around," she gasped with pleasure as he touched her prominent clit and she came squirting juice into his open mouth.

"But don't your men decide anything?" Hawk asked.

"Oh they decide if they want to take the woman but they do not make the first move since they know it is the woman who must care for the home and children," Lorena continued," But do not think that we are merely a man's plaything, for we may cast aside a man from us if we believe he is wrong for us and women are the teachers, judges and doctors of our people. It is a foolish prince who opposes our will or tries to enslave his women."

The conversation had ended there as Hawk bent back to the cunt near his face and as he licked and sucked at her cunt and clit he felt her lips wrap about his cock. She wrapped a fist about the shaft and slipped the wide flesh in and out of her lips. Both of them lost their attention to other things as they licked, sucked and nibbled at each others sex. 

Three more times cum squirted into Hawk's mouth until he shook with the force of his own orgasm as strings of cum shot from his cock to fill the woman's mouth. 

A cold wind cut through his dreamlike reverie as he looked up and made out the carved bulb of the balcony above them. The thin cold air whipping through his clothes and decided his movement. Rising swiftly he turned to the other two and spoke," We must go, otherwise we will not be able to move soon due to the cold and the wind. "

Both looked at Hawk with horror but rose as he looked for his next spot to climb. A quick check of the rope and he levered his body slowly up the cliff using small fingerholds and ledges. The cliff was almost vertical but there was a lattice of small cracks that Hawk used carefully and expertly. He thanked his lucky stars that at college he had learnt to climb in the mountain-climbing club. His chest pumped violently as he tried to breathe in the thin atmosphere which grew more violent with each minute. Minutes passed as hours until he was next to the balcony and was passing by the smooth grey rock that it was carved from. 

Taking a quick glance he noted with relief that the windows had not been replaced and that it was open to his entrance. What was worrying was that the five feet from the cliff to balustrade was smooth rock that had no fingerholds at all. Hawk felt that his strength was rapidly ending and that he must make the leap to the balcony now or never. Slowly he tensed and felt his strength coil until with a sharp blur of movement he threw his greater than six foot body at the balcony.

For an eternity he clawed through the thin air until only at the end of the his jump he felt his fingers wrap onto the edge of the balustrade. Hawk's body thumped violently against the rock and almost loosened his desperate hold. Slowly with agonising movement he pulled his body up and over the hard unforgiving rock until exhausted he sank on the smooth floor beneath him. With the last of his vanishing strength he tied the rope firmly to a metal lamp brace attached to the wall and satisfied it would hold he jerked the rope once to show that it was safe for the others to follow. Exhausted he sank to the floor beneath him and passed into the welcoming darkness.

"The Murit and T'lanta have been at war for thousands of your years Hawk," Lorena spoke effortlessly as Hawk thrust his cock between her breasts. As he did so she pushed and released the firm, warm mass so that it felt as though he was fucking her cunt. He felt his cock grow wet and harder, a sure sign that he was soon to cum. He heard her but did not concentrate as his body controlled his mind.

He was amazed since only a couple of minutes before she had screamed with pleasure as his tongue had dipped and scoured the soft walls of her dripping cunt. His tongue remembered the feel of her fat, swollen clit as he rolled it with his tongue and touched it with his teeth in a gentle massage.

"It beggared us in treasure and men, our great cities were destroyed until only the High King's city Arvanth was left. If we had been harmed then the Murit were left with only the shreds of their army. So foolishly when the Emperor of the Murit over ten generations ago said he wanted peace my people weary believed him."

Hawk's cock grew harder and he pumped it harder and quicker through the dry cunt formed with Lorenena's conical breasts.

"Ohhh, God it will be so sooon!!!" he said through gritted teeth as she continued the tale.

"To signal our peace the High King was to marry the only daughter of the Emperor. So in High Arvanth they celebrated as the couple prepared for the consummation of their marriage and the peace to come.The whore that night drove her poisoned blade into the kings beating heart as he lay beneath her writhing body his cock deep in her cunt."

"Yesssss!!" Hawk groaned as cum shot through the air to land on Lorena's chin and face. Each pump saw him squirt cum onto her face or neck until there was no more left in his body. His passion slaked he almost fell off her body and using his shirt as a rag gently wiped away the drops of cum that coated her body. He marvelled at the her body as he felt her firmly sensual body beneath his hands. He felt his cock twitch again but firmly quelled the desire. Soon, all too soon they had to leave for the climb to the mines. 

Lorena calmly climbed out of the bed and began to dress in loose warm clothes. As she dressed she continued her explanation of the hostility of the T'lanta and the Murit. 

"That was the signal for the Insect armies that the Murit had created to attack our army and fortresses. The city of Arvanth was destroyed that day and the dark night of our captivity began," Lorena finished as she bound her dark hair in a bun for the trip along the canal.

Moran's head stuck through the flap of the canvas that formed the door to their alcove in the cavern

"Time to go Earthman."

Hawk felt his clothes pulled and he opened his eyes to see the concerned looks of Lorena and the Duke as they looked at him. Gingerly he pushed his body up and groggily walked about as his aching muscles loosened and strength rushed back into his muscular form. The Duke had lit two electro-torches and he waited sword drawn at the door to the mines. Tenderly due to his aching muscles Hawk drew his own blade and taking an offered torch stepped into the corridor to begin their journey to the men that lay deep in the earth below them.

ii

The sound of unending orgasm broke the silence as the Insect Queens descended onto Ronnie and her party. Perfumed scent hung in the air as death walked towards them, the only signal the softening cries as the woman became drowsy as her body was enclosed in a silk shroud as the last of the eggs were laid in her satisfied body. The ovipositor slid from her cunt, its Sharp edge tipped with bright red blood. In one month the eggs would hatch and eat through the flesh around them into the world and their purposes already programmed into their Insect bodies.

Ronnie felt the arousal steal her strength as she felt her fingers fumble for the clasps on her robe so that she could be naked for the lovers who were coming for her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the Professor slide his red robes from his body his cock in his hand and he was pumping it furiously. As she watched she felt a jarring deep inside her as her mutated metabolism countered the aphrodisiac and as her foot touched the dull white of a polished eaten femur. Suddenly she saw what was walking towards them.

"Death!!!Death is coming to us," she screamed as she snatched up the femur and smashed it into the light skull of the Queen in front of her. Green blood fountained into the air and the coppery stench filled the air. The other Queens halted and moved faster towards the group but with the bloody smell overwhelming their perfume the others recovered and ran to Ronnie who had found her knife. 

In the dull green light she looked every inch a lustful Amazon. 

Naked wielding a long blade in one hand and the long femur in the other she brought death to any Insect that came near her. Knowing that they could not overcome her a high shriek filled the cavern and the group felt the vibration of insect feet through the floor. The Queens had summoned the guards and it would only be seconds before they were in the cavern. 

Desperately Ronnie looked for a way out of this place and saw nothing until her eyes rested on a darker shade of blackness than the other shadows in the cavern. With more hope than information she began to run across the warm sand towards it and called over her shoulder as she pulled her robe about her body.

"Follow me, I think I have found an exit for us!"

The others followed though the Professor and Suzann stayed behind to form a rearguard. As the insect soldiers flooded into the cavern the fleeing party stumbled and skidded through a series of sharp turns and bends in the dark until they ran onto a stone platform above dark water. Diffuse light shone into the smoothly formed tunnel from lights above their heads. Below them the smooth water waited its surface only broken here and there with rubbish.

"We must be on the canal that runs under Viridis," Toola breathed heavily as she looked at the water. The sound of skittering feet behind them reminded them of the doom that followed them. 

"Over there boats,"the Professor exclaimed as he pointed out the low slung forms that bobbed up and down in the water.

There was no need for any instructions as the party crawled onto the flat bottomed barges and with desperate fingers untied the knots that held them to the pier. In one was Toola and Suzann, in the other Ronnie and the Professor. Finally the rope loosened and they slipped from the stone just as the soldiers appeared at the doorway. The multi-faceted eyes found them and the nearest creatures jumped onto the barges. As they landed they were met with death, blades slipped through tough leathery chitin spilling green blood and they fell into the still waters of the canal. There was a slight struggle as they touched the water and then they would slip under the water never to resurface.

With each death the barges slipped further away as the current caught them and pulled them along the canal. Then there was no more foe and they sat exhausted in the hulls of their boats. Dazed they looked about themselves and then the Professor began to laugh uncontrollably.

"Are you alright Professor," Ronnie asked, she gathered her robe about her naked body and the Professor found his eyes drawn to her prominent breasts that peeked from the cloth as she breathed deeply, as he watched them he felt his cock rise.

Turning his eyes from her he could see the other barge peopled with Toola and the voluptuous Suzann. Even in this dim light he could make out Suzann's artificially enhanced breasts and her nipples seemed so hard, as hard as his cock and he wanted her. Breathing deeply he tried to bring his mind back to their survival. There was a slight sensation at the tip of his cock and he looked towards Ronnie who was brushing her fingertips across the very tip of his hard cock. She looked at him and he saw a deep lust that answered his own passion. She had slipped out of her robe and was naked with him. 

"What are you doing?" The Professor asked the woman between his legs, his mouth was dry and what she was doing was unbelievably arousing. He felt her finger take each drop of precum and massage it into his sensitive glans.

She looked at him and pushed him back onto the boat. He looked upwards and could barely make out the smooth rock that they passed under. Then he felt Ronnie's breath on his cock and he waited for her to take him in her mouth. However she stopped before she did so, he felt her hands glide up and down his shaft exciting him but not allowing him the cum. Suddenly with a smooth graceful movement she manoeuvred her body so that her smooth cunt was directly above his head. 

It looked so smooth and inviting, he saw the clit firm and swollen, it appeared like a large pink oblong pearl, It looked like a small cock and he reached forward to lick it softly. He was pleased with the groan of pleasure he heard from Ronnie's mouth. He thought he heard other groans from the boat near them but before he could listen closely she took his glans in her mouth and sucked on it as her tongue massaged the silk-like skin. As she pleasured him his head shot forward and he clung with his hands to her firm flesh ass cheeks as he lashed her clit and the lips of her cunt with his tongue. They lost themselves in their passion.

Her sweet cum squirted and dripped into his mouth and onto his chin, she was insatiable as she ground her cunt into his face. If she came with hm that did not stop her from kissing him along the length of his cock and caressing him with her tongue and mouth. She played softly with his balls and just as it seemed he was about to cum she stopped only to start again when he was less sensitive. Satisfied he would not cum quickly she would start again pushing him onto a higher level of arousal with each teasing she gave him. 

Suddenly he was gasping for air as his iron-hard cock felt the rush of cum pouring from his balls and shooting into the air as she withdrew her mouth at that very time but she pumped her hand expertly up and down his cock drawing out each drop of cum that she could. 

"Fuck!!!! Yessssssss!!!!," he screamed as cum shot into the air forming a parabola that ended with it splashing onto his chest and belly. Even with her expert assistance he had to end and his cock grew flaccid. As he grew aware of his surroundings he heard from the other boat sobs of pleasure.

"There is Sexium here and we needed to get some relief," Ronnie remarked as though it was the most natural thing in the world.

He thought about what she said and that made sense but looking at her he wondered if her actions weren't also created by her own needs and fears. Shaking his head he sat up and saw the landing that was coming towards them. Reaching down into the boat he found an oar and began paddle the boat to the shore so they could get out. Stepping onto the landing with his knife firmly in his hand he was amazed that there appeared no one here and he thought he could smell a faint trace of smoke in the distance. Ronnie was soon beside him and called to the others to join them.

As soon as their boat touched the concrete wharf they jumped onto the landing and tied up the boat. Quickly the Professor was joined by the other three as they looked down the tunnel leading away from the landing and they wondered at the sense of abandonment that seemed to fill the air. There was something wrong about the lack of activity here. They could see the remnants of meals even interrupted games but there was no one here, more there were no guards about the wharf.

"We can't go any further,"Toola said and then continued in explanation,"There will be guards on the entrance to the Great Canal that leaves the North Pole. We can only try to make our way through the secret way in the mines."

"Do you know the way?" Suzann whispered.

"Yes." 

Clothing themselves as best they could and with the Professor in the lead they began their slow descent into the mines. 

iii

   The blade slipped easily into the leathery chitin as it sliced through the narrow waist of the Insect soldier. It had barely time to hiss in displeasure before Hawk and Moran threw themselves onto the squad of five soldiers at the gatehouse. Barely seconds passed before the two men had slain the other guards and opened the doorway into the mines. The stench struck them like a blow and they moved with caution as they groped their way along dimly lit corridors to their goal.

Every now and again an overseer crossed their path only to meet the electro-sword and his death. Then they were there, the barracks and their doomed inhabitants. Stealthily they climbed to a balcony above the workers below. Suddenly Hawk swung his feet off the upper chamber and pounced onto a table in the canteen below. The low murmur of voices stopped and the workers looked at the man who had suddenly appeared.

Hawk stood before the beaten dispirited men who looked at him with dull interest. Then his voice boomed out into the cavern.

"Men of Mars I promised that I would return to free you but to be free you, you must save yourselves. I ask you to follow me to Liberty or Death!" then with a flourish of his arm he brought down the sword blade onto the chain holding the men to their bench. Sparks flew as the metal was shattered by the blow.

"Liberty! Liberty! I am with you Hawk," Bran stood and cried out his defiance. 

Gathering a short length of chain he swung it at the overseers hurrying to seize Hawk. The striking chain made a wet sucking sound as it smashed ribs and mangled the chest of the overseer. There was a short silence before the others registered what had happened and then with a fierce joy they fell onto the running overseers who were seeking the safety of their fortified stations. None made it alive out of the canteen and Hawk was joined by Moran and Lorena and began to organise the vengeful miners.

"Bran get what weapons you can and free the others in the mine. You there," Hawk pointed at a group of miners," You are coming with us we need to take the gatehouses and stop them calling for help from the Black Citadel." 

With clear instructions the men rushed through the catacombs and caverns of the mines, their numbers increasing as others joined them in their campaign of vengeance. Sometimes the guards would appear and they would kill some but the miners who rushed them in fury and the sheer weight of their numbers overwhelmed them and then the sighs of pain would begin as they were torn apart. They left only green blood that some would slip on as they rushed forward to the next guard of overseer. As Bran freed his fellow prisoners Hawk and Moran charged towards the guardhouses that imprisoned the miners. 
