 The Story so far:

Rescuing the miners in the sexium mines Hawk our hero is reunited with his friends Ronnie and the Professor who have fled from the Evil Toza. 

Finding Ronnie with Duke Moran he storms away jealous and in anger only to be met by the Professor who tells him that Toza and his chief scientist Chan Li intend to destroy all civilisation on Earth.

I give you the end of the story with the

Episode 6: Battle Beneath the Stars

i

At first the words did not register in Hawk's mind. All he could think of was what he had seen happening between Moran and Ronnie. He wanted her so, wanted to caress her magnificent breasts and fuck her hot cunt. How could she betray him with Moran. More how could Moran betray him, he had thought the man had honour and he really liked him. Then what the Professor had just told him hit him.

"Whoa slow down there Prof what do you mean?" Hawk said slowly as he wondered what the man would say.

"When Chan Li was explaining what they would be doing to me he boasted that he had found a way to make his Y-Beam projector more powerful," as the Professor explained he became calmer and he walked with Hawk to a table in the canteen. As he spoke the others joined the two men amongst them were Ronnie and Moran who refused to look at Hawk.

The Professor continued his explanation," He told me in that vile manner of his that his tests had been successful beyond his wildest dreams and that when the planets were in correct alignment he would fire his projector at Earth starting a chain reaction of exploding volcanoes that would poison the atmosphere with their sulphuric gases. As that happened the Earth would grow warmer and the ice-caps would melt and drown those cities on the coasts that survived. Even were humans to survive they would be only left with stone age tools."

"Do you think he can do this Prof?" Hawk asked his mind focusing on the problem and not his own anger.

"It would take a very powerful beam of radiation but if he has increased his projector's power then yes I think he could do what he said he would and tonight the Earth and Mars will be in the correct alignment again," the Professor sat down heavily in despair.

"What can we do there is no time to get to Viridis to stop him? Even assuming we can storm that place," Hawk spoke to himself, he felt frustrated and wanted to strike out at anything that he could. It was only with intense will-power that he did not fly off into a terrible tantrum.

"He is not at Viridis but at some Observatory that Chan Li had built to the south of the citadel," the Professor said.

"The Observatory!" Bran remarked with excitement and then continued, "Why there is a lifter road that leads from here to the observatory. We built it to carry Sexium ore to the place. When they finished building it the slaves were brought here. The building is only twenty miles from here." 

Then he spoke excitedly," We could use the lifters to get us there in one hour."

Excited Hawk asked," How long do we have Prof?"

The Professor lifted his head with some hope in his eyes, looked at the clock on the wall and then spoke," We have six hours before he can fire his infernal weapon, we can stop him if we are lucky and the these lifters are fast."

"Luck nothing, a man creates his own luck," Hawk spoke with excitement. 

Not for Hawk Masterson the slowness of contemplative thought but he needed and desired action and clear decisions for his problems. With a target and means to get there he felt in control and ready to do everything that was needed. Without a second thought commands were fired from his lips to the others who formed a council about him.

"Bran take the Prof to the lifters and see what needs to be done to make them ready for us. Lady Lorena we need to be able to move these men out soon find out what you can from the slaves who came from there what the Observatory looks like and what defences it may have....." Hawk hesitated but decided with an effort that his quarrel with Moran could wait until they had finished this matter, the saving of Earth was far more important than a fight over Ronnie at this moment.

"Duke we need the men ready to fight, I need to get the men organised into combat companies and given weapons or anything they can use to fight the guards there, Lorena here tells me that you are one of the best with organising armies can you do this for me?" he spoke clearly and coldly to the man who nodded in the affirmative.

"I will prepare food and other necessities for the battle Hawk," Ronnie spoke.

"One second Toots I don't take women into battle," Hawk spoke without thought.

"Oh you don't do you, you miserable cheapskate!" she was virtually screaming at him," Well unless you want to tie me up I am coming and I will be fighting with you as will Suzann and Toola. It's my planet too or are you going to play at being the hero."

Seeing the other women behind Ronnie he realised that there was nothing that he could say to stop her and that any effort he used against her would be wasted since there was little he could do to stop her. Realising it was not worth the battle he shrugged well she had spirit and he didn't want to face her with a weapon in her hand. 

"If you want to Toots okay but I can't help you understand? We start our assault in two hours," he said more vehemently than he intended to but then smiled though the woman stung had turned away from him.

"Oh I understand alright," Ronnie answered and stalked away from the conference in high dudgeon. 

With his commands and instructions given the others hurried to the tasks they had been assigned. The Professor and Bran moved quickly away from the the seething Hawk wondering to themselves what may have happened while both Moran and Lorena were huddled together in a corner and were talking in low voices. Deciding that he had given all the jobs he could to the others Hawk sought out plans of the tunnels in the offices above the canteen. All around in the mines there was a feeling of intense excitement and tension as everyman was brought into the project to defeat Toza's plan for the destruction of Earth.

ii 

Toza watched the scurrying Inquisitors as they prepared the device for operation. Again he was reminded of scurrying cockroaches and watched as thick black insulated cables were wound across the black marbled floor from the generators power points to the focusing device below the opening roof. Around him instruments were checked and double-checked on pain of death. Chan Li himself had promised that they would die as slowly as he could imagine should they fail in shooting the device at Earth tonight. Outside the guards both Insect and Human prowled the perimeter vigilantly as the slaves in their guarded barracks wondered about the copper discs that had been attached to the walls and floors of their miserable hovels.

As everyone waited the shadows grew longer as the weak Martian sun began to set. Low on the horizon Phobos was beginning its flight across the sky, later Deimos would be seen joining his dark sister in gazing down on the planet below. It would only be later that the blue-white orb of Earth would be seen and then it would take three hours before the device would be fired since that would cause the most damage to the planet in its sights.

Chan Li was everywhere cajoling, threatening and ensuring that the preparations for the firing moved quickly and without problems. At first he thought of starting the countdown himself but decided that it would be best should Toza start it for Toza did not love those who would usurp his power without begging for it. Hiding a smirk of satisfaction Chan Li scurried over to the seated Emperor and prostrated himself before the obscene man.

"If you would do the honour your Ferocity of giving the order to start the countdown of Earthsss destruction," the Inquisitor simpered as he spoke into the cool floor.

Toza smiled cruelly with the thought of the death and destruction he was starting spoke slowly and loudly," The order is given."

At the sound of his words a huge clock opposite the Emperor of Mars was started, a red sweep hand moved with a loud ticks as it swept around the dial counting the time to the Earth's destruction. Inquisitors began to turn brass knobs as they watched the slow flickering that brought life to the dials and banks of instruments. In the focusing device a soft yellow light began to gather in the crystal chamber at the bottom of the gun while the cables began to hum as energy was diverted to the cages and the copper plates to spread its insidious radiation.

"At first they will feel a dull arousal that will grow more insistent with each minute until in about two hoursss they will be unable to control their desiresss. After three hourssss over seventy percent of them will be bestial with each other, at four hourss all of them will be out of control and unable to stop," Chan Li spoke with growing disdain to the man on the throne.

He continued softly," From that point their mindsss will shred due to their uncontrolled passionsss and the radiation will be returned to the air a hundred timesss stronger where it will be picked up by the copper receptorsss in the roofsss. The containment chamber will store the energy until we are ready to fire the device. So not only do we destroy the Earthsss so-called civilisationsss but gain completely receptive slavesss without any will of their own. Oh that is the one in ten who do not die mad and exhausted."

Toza's eyes had taken an evil gleam. A gleam that reflected from the torches that had been lit about the observatory and he looked at the hurrying Inquisitors and servants who were busy. 

Bored he heaved his bulk from the throne and shouted in his deep threatening voice for a woman to be brought to him for his pleasure and then in the next sentence for many women to be brought to him so he could use them one after another. 

Chan Li shuddered with disgust as he realised about what was to occur for only once had he seen the Emperor like this and he had taken over twenty women that night, Toza intended to rut with every woman he could have tonight.

It was a shivering worm from the Harem who brought the first woman to him, looking at her Chan Li could see that she had been drugged with a draught of diluted aphrodesia medication, the large pupils and her listless actions showed that the drug coursed through her veins. Then before the carnage commenced Chan Li returned to the instruments and dials as preparations to fire the weapon continued. As he checked the instruments the screaming began from the throne behind him.

On the throne the woman had been thrown against the harsh metal that covered it and that small amount of cloth that had covered her loins had been ripped savagely from her body. Toza had laughed as the woman whimpered at his assault on her body. Under the flickering flames of the torches and the malevolent yellow glow from the crystal chamber she saw Toza's cock in his hand and she saw the wicked maniacal grin etched into his face. Reaching forward he took her by her hair and rammed her face into the carved arm of the chair. Stunned and her forehead bleeding she felt the monster behind her open her legs and clumsily paw at her cunt pulling apart her lips with his thick digits until he then thrust his cock into her cunt. 

As he drove into her she felt a ripping as the cock pulled her open and split her skin. Dazed by the pain she began to scream as the pain of his cock fucking her dry cunt swept into her, she felt his fingers pull again on her hair and he yanked again as though he was pulling on the reins of some animal he was riding as he thrust his cock in and out of her cunt. 

Cuming quickly he was quickly satisfied and she was vaguely aware that she had been thrown on the floor after he had cum. She remembered his cum splashing down her thigh sand onto her ass cheeks as he came on her. She sensed more than felt the other woman being dragged past her and being taken to the raving madman on the throne who fell on the new woman ripping away what clothes she wore and slamming her into the floor. 

Kneeling between her legs he pulled them open and stroked her cunt in the most obscene way he could. The woman bit her lips to stifle a groan and she felt him pull her body onto his already hard cock. Dry it was agony as he thrust the wide long spear into her cunt. As he took his pleasure with the new woman the Eunuchs frightened that he would slay them crept to the woman weeping on the floor near the throne and led her away blood streaming down her thighs. 

A quick glance towards the throne convinced Chan Li that it would be a difficult night and he once more began to recheck his calculations as the sound of grunts and screams punctured the air behind him as Toza played his games with the woman pressed beneath his body.

iii

Hawk slammed his fist down on the table and spoke ominously,"We must be ready to leave the mines in less than an hour and a half, what do you mean that the Lifters won't be ready?"

Bran looked back at the angry Texan and then with his own anger barely in check hissed,"Unless we repair some of the machines we will not have enough Lifters to move all the men and we need every man if we are to win," taking a deep breath he continued," According to those who know it will take another half an hour before we are ready."

As Hawk gathered himself for another angry outburst he stopped himself and spoke calmly," I am sorry Bran. I know you are doing as best you can but I need to get to the observatory as soon as possible, try to get it done quicker if you can please."

Though doubtful he would be able to meet the Earthman's plea he nodded his head and moved off towards the hanger containing the Lifters. As he left Lorena came over to Hawk who looked at the plans of the Lifter bays near the observatory. Hawk's head moved up and he looked at Lorena wondering what she may be wanting. Lorena looked at him with concern on her face and she touched his hand.

"Come with me now," Lorena whispered to him. 

Surprised Hawk followed until they were well away from the others and not seen. Lorena looked around and as soon as she was sure they were not being watched her hand rocketed towards Hawks face striking it strongly. Taken completely by surprised Hawk rubbed at his stinging cheek and watched the quietly angry woman in front of him.

"Are you completely stupid Earthman?," Lorena hissed and her breath made her full breasts rise and fall arousingly.

"What are you talking about?" Hawk muttered to himself more that to the woman. 

"Do you think that Ron-nay had any control over her need to heal the Duke, do you! If you do then you will become as bad a Toza, think of that Earthman," as Lorena looked at the face of Hawk she softened and smiled at him and then spoke again," I know it is a long way from your world Hawk but try to see us for who we are not what you expect us to be. Now we have some organising to do."

Finished the woman left the bemused Hawk to ponder what he had been told. All too quickly he was seized by a returning Bran who took him over to Moran to hear the plans that were being made. Hawk was soon deep in conversation making suggestions to the basic plan that had been created. Away from them the Professor was busy in the lifter hangers learning about the mechanism that drove the lifters. 

However he had soon learnt of their mechanism and had learnt that the mechanics there did not really wish him there and that he was in fact a nuisance to them. He wondered what he could do before the assault as he wandered away from the mechanics and their charges, everyone about him seemed to have a purpose and he seemed unneeded at this time. At some time he was joined by Toola who also felt as though she was a spare wheel to the busy preparations having finished helping Lorena store supplies and medicines.

"It is such a simple and clever concept, the engine pushes out a stream of air that creates a cushion that the vehicle rides smoothly on driven by fans. Of course the sexium supplies a very powerful fuel," the Professor spoke enthusiastically feeling a desire to explain this machine to her he did not notice that the girl was watching him carefully as the man explained how he had made some suggestions but the planning of the assault was under the control of Hawk, Moran and Bran.

Making a decision she reached to the tie at the back of her top and loosened it to allow her breasts to be exposed. The Professor was surprised and confused by what the woman was doing and sputtered out a question. Smiling she answered him.

"When a woman wants a man in our culture Professor she exposes her breasts to him. I have watched you and you are a kind, brave and intelligent man and I would have you as a lover. Do you not want me?" the last question was said so plaintively that the man realised that the woman was scared and desperately needed company. 

Rubbing his bald head he smiled and moved towards taking her in his arms. Softly he kissed her lips and felt her breasts press through his shirt to his chest. Sweeping her off her feet he took her to a cot hidden away from the action. Swiftly they divested themselves of their clothes and looked at each others naked body. He admired her firm large breasts that ended in two large prominent nipples that had risen to attention and bending he licked them with an increasing passion enjoying the feel of her hard nipple against his tongue. As he kissed her breasts he also stoked along her slim muscled legs that ended in her smooth cunt and well-formed butt cheeks.

She saw his bald head and remembered that the chemicals that had been pumped through his body by the inquisitors had removed all the hair from his head and body and would stop it from ever growing again. Yet it was a good body slim, muscled and strong, his cock was large enough to give her real pleasure whilst not the monsters that Hawk or Guan Di had between their legs that she would have difficulty accepting into her cunt but these thoughts fled from her as she felt her hand stroke the wonderful firm flesh of his cock and she felt her cunt become wet as her juice flowed at his skillful caresses aroused her.

She lifted her head from the bed and whispered for him to kiss her cunt as she sucked on his cock. Soon he had his head deep between her thighs and was licking the tender valley that the V of her legs created. Her smell excited him as did her mouth kissing and teasing his cock. His tongue slipped along the smooth naked lips and then into the hot welcoming hole. Juices quickly squirted into his mouth and he felt the familiar pressure building in his cock.

Toola was too experienced to allow his orgasm but continued to tease his cock unmercifully with her mouth, her tongue was slipping around the head of his cock and into the small slit at the top of it. Her hand gripped the base of the pulsing cock and did not allow the orgasm that just waited to rush through his cock. Realising that she could barely control him any longer she told him to mount her and fuck her.

Toola slipped from under the Professor's body and knelt before him, her curvy ass cheeks the appetiser to the meal that he would enjoy. Her cunt was so beautiful with the swollen lips of her cunt so prominent. The professor feasted his eyes on her cunt offered to him. His hands touched, fondled and explored the soft flesh she offered. He became engrossed in holding and touching the cheeks of her ass, the feel of her hips and then the soft wetness of her cunt that he slipped into a trance-like state. Then realising his aching need he placed his cock at the entrance of that welcoming entrance and smoothly pushed his cock deep into the woman. 

As he did so she cried out with the pleasure of her cunt being fucked and he felt the pulsing contractions in her body as her cunt muscles ran up and down his hard cock as though they were fingers aiming to excite his flesh. Gently at first he rocked his hips back and forth allowing his cock to fill her cunt and then leave it empty. Resting his body on her back he was able to reach under her chest and began to use his hands as though to milk her breasts as he thrust into her with his hard cock.
