 The idea for this came from a few different sources. First, I read a woman's complaint that a certain shirt she likes gets her "eye-fucked" so much that she needs birth control. It left me thinking it would be interesting if a man actually COULD eye-fuck women - line of sight, TV, photos, whatever. And the other day, I was making fun of a certain movie series at a wizard school, and I then realized that Merlin's magic wang could indeed facilitate remote eye-fucking action. And of course, what fun would fucking be without pregnancy? This guy is going to rack up quite the baby count, although there won't be any rapid growth or whatnot. By the way, this is a story sandwich: it opens up with story, proceeds into a lot of sex and impregnation, and closes up with more story. If you don't like sandwiches, don't bite into one. :)

CHAPTER 1: A RING IS THE THING

If you were to ask everyone who's studied abroad in college, most of them will tell you that it changed their life forever. Compared to my semester in England studying their history and mythology though, they may as well have never left home.

One rainy afternoon, I was standing in front of the Natural History Museum in London waiting for a bus. Mostly, folks ignored me in the bus stand, but a wizened old man happened to take an interest in me. I caught him looking at me out of the corner of his eye - then he cleared his throat and spoke.

"You're a student of mythology?" he inquired.

I glanced down at my notebook, conveniently labelled 'mythology'. Given the label, he was unlikely to be a psychic, but he was at least literate. I nodded.

"You know," he cackled, "Merlin was a right horny bastard. For all the time he spent fuckin', he never woulda got anything done if he weren't a wizard."

I raised my eyebrow and inwardly wondered why I'd drawn the crazy one. "Wizard work didn't take much of his time?"

The man shook his head. "No, boy, it took almost all his time! But as a wizard, he had ways to get it done while he worked. Some lesser wizards would summon a succubus to fuck, but not Merlin. He preferred real human women - he just didn't have the time to bed them proper. No, he just created a portal just big enough to slip his dick through. As long as the other side of that portal was the inside of a cunt, he could have all the jollies he wanted without actually leaving his laboratory. He could mix an elixir with his hands while fucking the living hell out of a woman on the other side of town."

"Remote-control sex?" I inquired. 

The old gypsy man cackled at the notion, then reached into his pocket and produced a smooth wooden ring, inscribed with tiny runes. "This, boy! He'd think of a girl, and when he stuck his cock into the ring, his cock wouldn't come out the other side - it'd appear inside the girl's pussy. He'd fuck her as hard as he pleased, then cum inside her. He didn't like cleaning up afterwards, so the spell didn't let anything from her body stay on his cock either. Clean as a whistle for him; soaked in spunk for her." He paused for a moment. "But no one ever accused wizards of playing fair, now did they boy?"

I wasn't quite sure what to say about this one; I wished that I had chosen to wait inside the museum. I was doubly unsure what to say when, with surprising speed, the old gypsy pressed the ring into my hand and said, "And now, it's yours. Don't let it go to waste." He cackled again, and then turned his back and practially melted into the crowd.

At first I wrinkled my nose at the idea of touching it, but then I realized my wallet was missing. For a moment, I nearly had a heart attack - and then I remembered that what had vanished was just my decoy wallet; my ID and actual spending money was still safely in my belt. I just chuckled and examined the souvenier he'd inadvertently traded for a wallet full of newspaper clippings with the words "Fuck you" written on them. The ring looked like ancient driftwood, worn smooth over time, with a pattern of intricate runes carved on its outer edge. It felt smooth to the touch, and it was probably worth more than the decoy wallet. I decided to keep it, as it'd be the most memorable souvenier from my trip. Once I got back to my dorm, I packaged it securely and left it in my luggage for the return trip, then forgot about it for a month as the semester finished up and I returned to America.

Part 2: A DRUNK CONSCIENCE WILL ACTUALLY TRY TO HELP YOU GET LAID

The next month, I was back in America and drunk as I remember ever having been. I'd just come home to discover that not only was my girlfriend Carly fucking one of my friends, but the friend was female and both parties had refused to entertain the mere notion of a three-way. Moreover, my ex had decided I was going to have to move out the following Monday. Given that I had one last weekend there, I chose to get good and smashed before moving to the dorm room I'd managed to secure on short notice.

It was 2am when a tiny, drunk version of me stood up on my shoulder and started shouting into my ear, "You know, you're being rude to that old gypsy by not trying out Merlin's ring."

I shook my head and begged off, noting that I was far too drunk to try - and moreover, it was nothing more than a tourist trinket.

"In that case, you might as well use it, eh? You've got Carly on your mind pretty well now, so you'd know if it worked right away, right?"

I blinked. Drunk-me had a point, but logical-me just wanted to pee, puke, or pass out - or maybe all at once.

"C'mon, just do it - you might as well find out if it works, right?"

This went on for a few minutes until I resolved that I was going to throw up. After which, I felt a bit better - and the voice was more persuasive. Finally, I acceeded to the request and staggered into my bedroom, where the souvenier had taken a place on the antenna of my clock radio. I picked it up and squinted at it - it just looked like an ordinary disc. But, the sooner I tried it out, the sooner I could get to sleep. I pulled down my underwear and slipped it over my wang, and - it did feel like I was inside Carly. I thrust a couple of times, and the detached, sober part of my brain noted that this is probably the dumbest thing I've ever done to jerk off. Still, I was hard, and it felt good, and it didn't take me long to cum. I fell asleep with the ring on my wang, and slept the sleep of the dead.

The next morning, I awoke on my side. The ring had fallen off during the night, and I had a massive headache. I staggered through my morning routine, then sat down at the kitchen table to drink some water.

Carly was already there with Irene. "I swear, I didn't cheat on you Irene!" exclaimed Carly.

Irene was pissed. "I wasn't always a lesbian, Carly - I know what cock juice tastes like, and it was coming out of your pussy this morning," she said.

"Well, that's impossible - the last man I was with is sitting at that table, and it's been over for months. I had a really hot dream last night where a man was fucking me bareback, but that's all."

I rested my head in my hand. "Do you think you could keep it down, ladies? I'm way hung over here."

Irene turned on me. "You fucked her last night, didn't you? Breakup sex for old time's sake, something like that?"

I shook my head. "No, the only thing that got fucked up last night was my kidney and a bottle of Jim Beam. Unless she came in and raped me in my sleep, I didn't touch her."

I staggered to my feet, head still hurting. "But I will point out something, Irene: she told me she loved me, she told me she wanted to spend her life with me, and then as soon as my back was turned, she started fucking you. What makes you think she's telling YOU the truth?" I didn't even wait for the retort before walking off to my room to finish packing.

A couple hours later, I was feeling significantly better, and drove my stuff off to my new dorm room. The dorm was right on campus, on the second story and pretty quiet. Because the semester in England had finished a bit later than the semesters at my school, I'd just missed the bustle as the students moved out and had just barely eked out a special permission to move in early. I moved myself in; I didn't have a lot anyway. Just a futon, a laptop, a camera, and a small assortment of the sort of knick nacks a college student acquires. The only other person around was a hot co-ed in the parking lot, waiting for her boyfriend. Apparently he was fighting with the financial aid office.

Bored as hell after spending a whole 60 minutes unpacking, I decided to masturbate. The ring was staring at me, and I remembered how good it'd felt last night, although I was chalking up a good chunk of it to being extremely drunk at the time. I shrugged and resolved to figure out if it was as good while sober. The young lady in the parking lot had leaned her seat all the way back, and I could make out that she was wearing a thin sweater which showcased her glass-cutting, erect nipples. I figured that now was as good a time as any to test the "Merlin" ring, so I picked it up and unzipped my fly. I went up to the window, looking out at her as she waited. I looked down at the ring and muttered, "This is stupid." Then I slid the ring over the tip of my penis, and watched its tip vanish.

Seriously, the tip of my wang vanished. The center of the ring went completely black, and where my tip should have stuck through the ring, it didn't. On the other hand, the tip of my penis was somewhere warm and wet. I stared down in disbelief at the ring, and slowly pulled it off. I felt the warm wetness slide up and off of my penis, and as soon as my penis was completely clear of the ring, the blackness vanished from its center and it went back to being an ordinary wooden disc.

Looking down at the girl in the parking lot, I could see her hand resting on her jeans, rubbing a little at the v between her legs. Emboldened, I decided to put the ring back on. I placed it over my wang and slid it down, down, farther and farther, until my penis appeared to have been replaced entirely by the disc. Looking down at the girl in the parking lot, I could see her bucking her hips to meet the thrust, gyrating with pleasure as my phantom member entered her. I pulled the ring off halfway, then slid it back down and commenced thrusting regularly. I could feel her muscles moving as she thrashed side to side, caught up in what must have seemed the strangest auto-erotic experience of her life. I took the ring between my fingers and slid it up and down my wang, feeling her warm wetness pressing against my wang but magically not coming back through on it. I thrust and thrust, building up until I felt a familiar fire building in my loins. As I built up to a climax, I could actually hear her shrieks of pleasure coming through the disc as if from far away. Just as I began to shoot the first of my load, I pressed down on the ring with both hands, ramming my rock-hard penis into it as far as I could. The ring pressed down, and parts of my penis which could never have gotten inside of a girl were suddenly thrust all the way inside of her, adding at least a couple inches worth of length. A muffled scream of pleasure mixed with pain drifted out of the ring as I rammed into her cervix and blasted every ounce of semen I could muster inside of her. I felt my sperm coarsing into her for what seemed like an eternity, flowing freely from me, through the ring, and depositing deep within her throbbing sex. Panting with exhaustion, I pulled the ring off of my wang and looked at it with wonder.

"Damn - if he built this to save himself the bother of getting laid, I really don't want to know what he came up so he wouldn't have to take a shit," I mused.

As sweat streamed down my face, I looked down again at the girl I'd just inseminated. She was rubbing her crotch contentedly, splayed out in the passenger's seat. I went over to my desk to pick up my camera so that I could see her expression, and when I came back, I zoomed in with the 300mm lens. I could make out a quizzical expression on her face. She'd unzipped her pants, and one of her hands snaked under her panties and came up covered in white goo. I could see her stare of disbelief as she sniffed it - then experimentally touched it with the tip of her tongue. I could see her mouth "What the fuck?" before pulling out some kleenexes to clean herself up. She finished just before her boyfriend showed up and opened up the driver's side door. It wasn't long before the car drove off.

Part 3: FUCK THE NEWS. NO, I MEAN LITERALLY

That pretty much settled it - I was in possession of a magical erotic relic. Morals aside, I no longer had to worry about finding a sex partner again. No woman would be out of my reach, unless I decided she was. I laid down on my bed and pondered things for a bit. But not for too long - you see, I'm a 23 year old guy lying on a bed in a dorm. I got hard just thinking about fucking that girl again. Rather than try to enter her again based upon memory, I turned on the TV to watch the news.

The news provided a soothing distraction, taking my mind off of making a list of girls to fuck. Soothing, that is, until Brianna the weather girl came on. She was in her mid-20s, with a spectacular rack showing just the right amount of cleavage and a very well-defined shape. I've always been a sucker for her look, too - mid-length blonde hair, sky-blue eyes, and kissable lips. Before I knew it, I'd unzipped my fly and was stroking myself. As I grew hard, I realized I was going to have to find out just what the limits of this ring were. She was halfway through the weekly forecast when she gasped mid-sentence as I slowly, experimentally thrust myself into her. She caught herself and resumed talking, although she had a puzzled expression on her face. I could almost hear her thinking, "Make it through the segment, make it through the segment" when I started thrusting into her rhythmically. To her credit, she managed to continue the forecast, although she was sounding more and more distracted. I could see sweat starting to bead up on her forehead as she neared the end of her segment, and I just kept going, sliding the ring up and down my shaft and, by extension, sliding in and out of her. In no time, I was getting close - and then her segment ended. I could feel her vagina still on my wang, and I knew I was still connected to her. Within moments, my cock was getting massaged as she walked with my penis inserted firmly into her vaginal tract. I wasn't sure what was going on, but then I saw the scene on the TV cut away to show her at a desk with them. Seeing her face was all it took; I thrust hard and pounded away inside of her, watching as her face reddened and she clutched at the desk with both hands, gasping slightly.

"Are you all right?" asked the female co-anchor. I felt bad for a moment as the weather girl answered, "Oh, just a leg cramp - I'm fine."

They were supposed to banter about something, but I didn't pay attention to whatever it was. All I was doing was finishing what I started, and it was only seconds before I erupted in a volcano of cum. I could see the weathergirl's hand fly to her midriff as she felt my sperm saturating her vagina. Just to be civil, I kept the ring on so that I wouldn't "unplug" and distract her while she was still on the air. Besides, I was still occasionally shuddering with pleasure and oozing a few more drops of sperm within her greedy pussy. I came back to earth and focused on the news just as their segment was coming to an end, and once it was off the air I looked down at the ring. Whereas the last girl I'd fucked had left the ring with a black center, the ring's center was now a pulsing green. Curious, I pulled the ring off of my wang, and it went back to being a plain wooden disc without anything in the center.

Things were good for me that semester. I discovered that the ring wasn't limited to live TV, but worked with any image or likeness of a woman. On any given night, I could be fucking an actress, a supermodel, or even the girls in a catalog. There were a few occasions where the ring's center went red and I couldn't enter at all, and I learned through experimentation that that meant a virgin. Merlin was a horny bastard, but apparently he had taken steps to protect a woman's first time. I certainly respected that, even if it meant I could only fuck half the girls on campus who claimed to be virgins. It was a few weeks before I started overhearing girls talking about "ghost fucking". Apparently they were getting the idea that the school was haunted. I was surprised to learn that at least one of the girls had spread her legs and tried to reach inside herself to touch the "ghost's" penis, but somehow there was a barrier over her vulva preventing her from getting her hand inside. I took note of that for the future, even as I snapped a picture of the girls with my cellphone - which had become my preferred means of capturing which girls I was going to screw that night. Most of the time the ring's center was black, but sometimes its center would glow green, or very rarely blue. On a couple of occasions, it pulsed green like it had with the weathergirl. I just laid back, studied my subjects, and took a cellphone picture of any girls who struck my fancy. By day, I was a spider snaring womens' images for later consumption, and by night I was a rutting monster, furiously compelled to climax in at least three different women a night, and another two in the morning.

As for Brianna the weather girl, she seemed a bit chubbier than usual for a while, until she announced that she was actually pregnant and expecting a child in seven months. Given that we were two months into the semester and I'd fucked her right when I moved in, I knew there was a chance the baby was actually mine. That's when I realized what the pulsing green light meant - and I'd seen it several times since then. Just for old time's sake, while she was telling the anchors about her pregnancy on the air, I thought of her and entered her again. She gasped under her breath, and passed it off as the baby kicking - impossible that early, but it saved her from trying to explain that she'd just felt a phantom penis penetrate her again. I looked down at the ring, and it was showing blue, then fading to green, and back again. I pulled out instead of going all the way this time around, as I'd already changed her life enough for the time being.

Part 4: FUCKING LIKE BUNNIES - BEACH BUNNIES

I'd promised a friend's family that I'd watch their beach house for the weekend, and I was going to use it as an opportunity to see that pulsing green light happen several times more. It was March now, and in California the generous heat meant that the beach would be packed with barely-clad women. Saturday morning, I sat in a comfy chair in the guest bedroom, looking out through tinted windows at the people walking by or sunbathing on the beach in front of the house.

I saw a young woman walking by - tall and athletic, with a tightly toned body. Unfortunately for me, I wouldn't be able to feel the rest of her body - however, I would certainly be able to feel the part which mattered. I was only wearing boxer's shorts, so I pulled out my cock and slipped the ring over my penis, and my breath caught as the ring pulsed green: if I was right, she was fertile! I lowered the ring until my head was swallowed up by it, watching the girl as I did so. She jumped a little, apparently freaked out by the contact. I slid the ring down farther, slowly, and the girl's face took on an astonished look. She put her hand over her pubic region, clearly feeling me as I entered her. I put the ring all the way down to the base of my cock, and she gasped. I thrust repeatedly, watching her get more and more excited as I entered her again and again. She staggered backwards and sat down on a bench, inadvertently facing me and giving me a perfect show as I thrust into her again and again. For a moment her legs were spread and I could see her swimsuit bottoms move as my penis thrust into her, displacing her vulva lips to show an amazing spread, enrorged camel toe. In fact, part of her vulva became exposed as her swimsuit bottom shifted to the side as my penis penetrated her repeatedly. Her face showed a barrage of emotions - sexual ecstacy, humiliation that this was happening in public, disbelief of what was going on, and sometimes I'd catch a flash of guilty pleasure that she was experiencing these sensations and no one around her knew what was happening. I heard a muffled squeak from her - she was clearly starting to climax, and that took me over the edge. I thrust long and hard, staying inside her as, deep within her pussy, my cock erupted with sperm. I left the ring on as I recovered, enjoying the feeling of staying just barely inside her pussy. I wanted to reach out and put my arms around her, but that wasn't possible. After a few moments, she got up and started trying to walk, and I could feel the movements of her muscles coaxing my cock. If I hadn't been tired, I would've thought about going for round two - but the sensations were a bit too intense and I reached into my pants to pull the ring off my cock. I heard a gasp as I did so, and she put her hand to her vulva at the sensation. I could see a spot right in the center of her swimsuit bottoms where fluids had commenced to gush out of her pussy, and she clamped her hand to it quickly. She looked to one side and then the other, then took the towel she'd been sitting on earlier and wrapped it around her waist. I looked down at the pulsing green light, and brought up my camera to shoot a quick snapshot of her. If I'd just gotten her pregnant, I wanted to have a way to check back later.
