  She was tall, closer to his own height than any other he had seen, beautiful, graceful, and appeared to be intelligent if somewhat negligent to her own safety. She had the nerve to sleep on the ground reserved for the volunteers. He had been requested to reconsider his choice by the local farmers, three girls had already volunteered to be selected and mated by him, but his mind had been made up, this new aspect of accepting tourists to the planet, was already starting to pay off.

She arose early, leaving her small tent on the shoreline, and stretched her arms above her head, raising her hands to the sky. Facing the sea, her nude body outlined in the rosy hue of the dawning day, she inhaled the wild and tangy scent of the open ocean, all the while allowing the morning breeze to caress her entire body. 

Walking the coastline of Admar had been one of her more inspired ideas, she stopped where she liked, and camped out every night. The two-month hike had toughened and toned her body into the best shape of her life, a pity she had no one to share it with. Working for her entire life (or so it had seemed), and receiving nothing for it except money, security, and an active envy for those women who had found a mate early, and spawned their offspring into a loving and carefree world. The day she had turned 31, she had resolved to end her enforced exile, and leave the world in which only couples had seemed to exist. She had taken the proceeds of the sale of her house, and the profits from her constant efforts at work and had left her homeworld and set off to explore the planet Admar, and hopefully discover herself in the process.

Admar was listed in the planetary directory as a class 3 developed planet. Only primitive machinery, (windmills, waterwheels, and animal drawn carts) was allowed onto the planet. The population was vaguely aware of the existence of other inhabited worlds, but had no reason to leave their comfortable and predictable lives. The occasional 'tourist' went unremarked, and the visitors were welcomed as long as they obeyed the local customs. All in all, a great place to lose oneself, and discover places lost to time.

The local farmers had been a little upset at her choice of campgrounds…but the local officials had overridden all objections from the townspeople, making her welcome, and suggesting the exact spot to place her tent on the beach for the best view of the sunrise.

Looking about her at the rugged natural beauty of the coast, the trees, the sand, and the wonderfully amazing blue water that seemed to beckon her into it, she had to agree that this was probably the best view in the local area. Not being one to pass up any opportunity to bathe, she finished her stretch, and walked down the beach and into the cool embrace of the water.

She was coming to him, he had only to wait a matter of moments, and she would be his.

As the level of the water rose up to her thighs, Naima felt someone watching her…she crouched into the water to hide her body from view, and looked around. There was no one, the beach was deserted, and no locals could see her without being visible on the beach, or neighboring embankments. She shrugged off the feeling and proceeded into the water, delighting in the warm/cold currents caressing her body, her breasts, her thighs, and delving in between. Her eyes popped open…the currents seemed to be alive! The pressure against her breasts was deliberate, teasing her with changes in temperature; first swirling hard and hot and then coursing soft and cool like an evening breeze. The pressure of the water on her clitoris seemed to be deliberate as well. Hard rhythmic pulses of water blasted her clit and made her moan out loud, a sound startling to her in the silence. That was when she realized that something was not right…the waves had ceased to beat against the shore, but the currents of water were still very active, supporting her and carrying her towards the open ocean. Alarmed by her rapidly growing arousal, and her movement toward the open water, she turned and began to head for the safety of the shoreline.

Flailing her arms, and floundering forward, fighting the gentle and insidious water, she almost didn't notice the whirlpool beginning to form in her path…. Almost.

Rising out of the churning water was a god. No other word could do him justice, and it was definitely a him. Seven feet tall, wide shouldered, and narrow hipped. A beautiful chiseled face, with completely black eyes, strong jaw, proud nose and clearly defined lips was surrounded by a wealth of blue-black hair which fell past his hips. His translucent ivory skin played a stark contrast to the dark hair on his broad-planed chest and crowning his aroused manhood. He met her eyes and smiled. Then he spoke and the timbre of his voice reached the heart of her arousal, magnifying it a thousand fold, but the words terrified and thrilled her at the same time.

"You have been chosen."

"What the hell are you talking about?" the scream came from her without any warning, "Who are you? What are you? Get out of my way, I am getting the hell out of here!"

"As you are mine now, I am afraid that I cannot allow that."

"What? I am not yours, I am not even from this goddamn planet!" Her voice had risen into a high decibel shriek. She darted to the left, trying to get around him and to the beach, only vaguely realizing that he was hovering on the water, not on the ocean floor.

He effortlessly moved to block her, and then in one swift maneuver, he picked her up in his arms and they sank out of sight, leaving the tide to resume its relentless pounding against the shoreline.

"I realize that you might be a little taken by surprise, but according to the laws of this planet – which you agreed to abide by, by the way – I am allowed to seek a mate from the available women in the area. This just happens to be that time, and I chose you." He smiled once again at her retreating form, as she attempted to find a way out of the underground caverns lined with rugs, tapestries, and jewels. This was a woman of action, and the thought of the time he would be spending with her heated his blood. The last volunteer was in awe of him and he returned her to the surface after the minimum one-month time. Her constant fawning, whimpering, and obsessive agreeability was annoying. He liked a little spirit in his females, and it looked like he had chosen well this time.

"Where are we? Let me out of here. Where is the exit? What is this place? You have no right to keep me here." The statements flew out of her mouth as fast and as furiously as her feet were moving; if she could just keep talking and not look at him he might not actually be there, then she might not panic, and fall into a blubbering heap. She turned a corner and found herself confronted by a wall of water that reached 12' high, halfway to the ceiling, and 12 feet wide to either side of the corridor in which she stood. As she stood gaping at it, it began to move toward her, picking up speed. She snapped herself out of her reverie, and began to retreat, walking backwards; keeping her eyes on it at all times. It followed, herding her through the caverns and eventually stopping in a doorway. She watched, and it did not move. Slowly, she turned around, dreading the thought of where she might be, and saw to her confusion that it was a light and airy chamber decorated with shells and pearls, a large 4 poster bed was in its center, but the room set her at ease with its obvious femininity. Across the foot of the bead was a gown embroidered with pearls, and seeing this, she suddenly remembered that she was naked. She crossed the room, and examined the gown closely. Finding nothing amiss she put it on, and found it to fit her as if was made for her. Looking around the room she found a mirror, and gasped at her reflection. When she had left home, she had been slightly (OK 40 pounds) over-weight, her hair at shoulder length, and no obvious muscle tone. The woman in the mirror seemed graceful, confidant, healthy, and most of all, scared stiff.

As she stared at the mirror in silence, the wall of water parted to reveal her host. He took in her gown, complimented himself on the fit and style which accented her breasts, her flat belly and the lush curve of her hips, and moved behind her to meet her eyes in the mirror. 

She gave a little shriek, and spun around as he appeared behind her in the mirror. She darted her glance between his very naked form, and the wall of water that still blocked the entrance to the room. "How did you get in here? Don't you ever wear clothes?" He merely waved his hand and the wall of water parted, then closed again as she made a darting motion towards the opening. His dark eyes filling with laughter at her lurid curse when the escape route was denied her. "You will be allowed to leave when I decide it, and not before." His rich and deep voice once again affecting her as it had before, reaching into her soul and awakening her desire. 

"I am Mervald, inhabitant of these northern shores. You may call me Mer, or my lord, whatever you prefer. My race was here before the colonists arrived, and we shall continue on after everyone here has left. It is our will that binds the seas, the sky, the land and its people. When we investigated the new arrivals, the colony ships, we struck pacts with them to not interfere in their matters as long as they restricted themselves to our allowed tech level. This level does not pollute, or damage the environment. Anyone found exceeding these limits is encouraged to stop, or leave the planet entirely. The people in this area and I worked out a pact. I would encourage their area to flourish, keep the sea fertile for their usage and they would provide me with a companion when I desired it. Until now that has meant a local volunteer, and I have to tell you that there have been no shortage of volunteers, but I have chosen you. You may feel free to express your gratitude", he finished with a small bow.

"Your insane, is that it?"she began to back away from him as much as the close confines of the room would allow. Now that he had joined her in it, the room seemed a lot smaller.

"You did not enjoy yourself in the water before I appeared? You do not find me attractive?"

"You are quite beautiful, and you know it. Wait…that was your doing, the water, the currents, was you?"

"Thank you, I find you very attractive as well. Water is my element, I control it completely."

She sat down on the edge of the bed, a little disgruntled and very insecure. "Why me?" She whispered in a small voice.

He began to glide towards her, "because I sensed great passion in you, and I consider it a personal challenge to bring it to the surface." With that, he reached out and held her face gently for his kiss, slowly bringing his tongue into play. Licking softly, and then harder at her lower lip until she opened her mouth with a soft moan. She tentatively began to suck on his tongue, and his answering hum told her that he was enjoying himself. Although the only place he touched her was her face, her breasts began to tighten, her nipples standing out proudly, and she felt a tingling wetness beginning between her thighs.

As the kiss continued, she felt a slithering movement across her breast and shoulders. She looked down to find that the dress had been released at the shoulders, and was pooling around her hips, where it was stopped in its progress by her seated posture.

"Shall we get more comfortable?" he asked, and without waiting for a response, he removed the last of the dress from her, and laid her back on the silk coverlet. 

Rising to his knees above her, he looked her over slowly and his eyes began to burn like black pearl. "Where should I start? Your breasts are wonderful, and your belly looks so soft, and look, here between your legs is a tiny pearl." With that he lay down, between her legs, and began a closer investigation of the tiny nub. He moistened a finger in her channel, and then trailed it upward to circle around the bud, which seemed to be quivering for his attention. With his eyes and one hand engaged, he reached up and began to gently fondle one breast. She moaned again and arched her self further into his hands, and heard him once again chuckle gently. "So soon little one? The passion is not buried as deeply as I had suspected, but given your tightness, you do not exercise it enough. It must be constantly below the surface, how delightful!" He removed his hand from her clit, and applied his mouth to her, flicking gently, then harder, constantly changing the pace, and occasionally using his teeth to gently tug at the center of her pleasure. His hands were now both on her breasts, kneading gently, pulling slightly at the nipples, and the burning within her grew. She grabbed at his head, pulling him away from the little bud that was blossoming under his attention, pulled him along her body and to her mouth where she tasted herself on him. "Now", she gasped "I want you in me now, Put it in me …please" she begged. He gave her a small smile, and reached down to rub his cock against her. "This? Is this what you are asking for?" "Yesssss" she hissed and began to buck against him, trying to capture him in her moist depths to quench the burning within. 

With a smooth thrust that caused her to shriek at the girth of the cock invading her depths, he joined their two bodies. Waiting for a moment for her depths to adjust to him, he kissed her, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth with a rhythm that boiled her blood and caused her inner walls to contract around him in the same rhythm. Then, he began to thrust, slowly at first, then quickly, never letting her achieve her release, driving himself all the way in, and then slowly drawing out again, so she could feel every ridge, and vein. When she tried to move her hips faster, he grabbed them and held them with immense strength, bruising her, his fingers digging into her buttocks, not letting her change his pace, moving her to meet his thrusts. Finally, he started to quicken the pace, reaching between their heaving bodies to touch her swollen nub of flesh again. She screamed, and went over the edge, her body consumed with a spasm of release, delight, and relief. His thrusts became harder, faster, and she felt that he was trying to punch through the other side of her body. Amazed, she realized that her desire was building again as her body was rocked by his relentless drive for release. Her body welcomed his ferocity, and she was rapidly propelled to another climax. With a hoarse shout he gave a final flex of his hips and she felt him pumping into her. He dropped onto her with his entire weight, and this final pressure on her well-used clit sent her over the edge again. He gave a small grunt as her inner walls milked his shaft of any reserves, and moved off of her, collapsing at her side. She gasped for air, and felt the wetness trickling out of her, as the sweat dried on her body.

He met her dazed eyes and smiled, "Oh, I think that we will do very well together indeed."

To be continued….if you want me to….

This is my first attempt at writing any kind of fiction. Please let me know how I did.