 Spoiler Tags: Hypnosis, Lamia, Lesbian, Transformation, Bondage, Domination, Fem Dom, Monster Girl, Naga,

Author's Note: This one's a bit of a slow burn. It takes a little bit to get to the hot and steamy stuff. You've been warned. Also big thanks to VeeBird for taking the time to help me edit these stories.

A knock on the door shattered my last tenuous grasp on the long, pajama pants laden, weekend of fall break. The short sharp noise, rang out through the small apartment and made me tense, like a scared bunny, as I turned to the door with wide eyes. My heart hammering like I'd done something wrong, I crept toward the door, my fuzzy socks muting my sound as I peeked through the keyhole. It was both freeing and nerve wracking being the only one in the apartment.

What if it's a rapist? That pizza delivery guy two days ago looked might shifty? My nerves provided the thoughts that did nothing to calm me down. I sighed as I spotted a tall woman in business casual dress and an immaculately dressed shorter balding man. My heart sped up for entirely different reasons than fear as I spied the two. I popped the lock and opened the door, spreading my arms wide.

"Kate," the woman called warmly.

"Izzy," I replied with equal warmth.

"Seems like break has done you well," she said giving my attire a once over. I blushed under her attention and my heart gave a little pitter patter. Fortunately she turned and gave her father a hug, so she didn't notice. He gave me a cold look over her shoulders, reinforcing with his eyes the promise he'd made to me the first time we'd met, about a week ago. He'd pulled me off to an enclave off to the side of the charity party he was throwing.

"I've looked into your family. Seems like your little brother, Mitch, was it? Had a little problem with the mary jane, didn't he? Would be a shame if someone unsealed those records of his?" His words stunned me into an angry, scared, hollow silence. Eyes large with disbelief and fear, he read the question in them.

"Why? It's simple, Kathleen. My daughter has a little bit of an infatuation with you, and I am aware that you share her predilections. Here's whats going to happen. You will kindly rebuff any advances my Elisabeth makes towards you. If you do not then... well we wouldn't want your brother's mistakes to catch up to him, would we?" I nodded, tears started to fill my eyes. "Good. I'm glad we could come to an understanding." He got up and walked away. Pausing after two steps and turning to look over his shoulder. "Also, I'm a very generous donor to the university. It would be best if you kept your scholarship and Elisabeth remained unaware we had this conversation, don't you think?" I nodded again, my brain buzzing with shock and disbelief at what had just happened.

Back in the present, I frowned and gave the "honorable" judge Preston Seymore a nod showing my acquiescence. Izzy turned back toward me and her father turned and sauntered away like he hadn't a care in the world. My stomach soured and I thought about the coming week, terrified of the Halloween party she was throwing in two days. She'd been throwing me more meaningful glances and snuggling closer to me during movie nights for a couple of weeks before fall vacation. I was pretty sure she was planning to make her move during the party and I wasn't sure I could keep her father's threats secret. Also, I was stupidly horny with all her casual touches, made all the worse by the hidden danger that made my heart race with fear. My purple dildo had been put through the wringer during the break and even now was damp with my release in a box under my bed.

"You okay? You look a little flushed," Izzy asked as she carried her large designer travel bag into her room.

What does she keep in there? It was only a four day weekend? Why does she need such a large bag?

I shook off my thoughts before I replied. "Yeah. I'm fine."

"Good. I've been hanging out with all my dad's stuffy friends and their daughters all weekend so I'm looking forward to our movie night tonight."

"Don't you have that thing with your students?"

"Yeah, but the aquarium closes at five so we should have plenty of time to chill afterwards."

"Sweet," I said, gritting my teeth, reconsidering for the thousandth time whether I should move out.

But it would crush her if I did. Also I'm a bad enough liar that if she confronted me there's little chance I could keep my secret, and I can't afford to go to college without that scholarship.

"You know, I think my dad's trying to set me up with these girls. It's cute but he doesn't get that that's not the kind of person I'm looking for, someone who cares more about their bank account and social status than the thoughts of the person sitting next to them. I want someone more grounded and solid than that. You know what I mean?" I deeply regretted now that I was so upfront with my roommate about my sexuality. Although, I was surprised such a well dressed, proper woman, shared my orientation, my appreciation of the fairer sex.

Maybe we wouldn't be so open about personal issues if I hadn't. It would make this whole situation so much easier if I didn't know what a kind, caring, and thoughtful woman she was. As beautiful and composed on the inside as she was on the outside. 

"Yeah I do, kinda. I don't have to worry about that sort of thing though. Most people in my pay grade are just struggling to get by, let alone think about how other people view them."

"In some ways I'm jealous of that." I snorted.

"Don't be. You know how much time working takes. It's amazing any of us have time for sex at all," I said, my mouth running away before I could catch it.

She laughed. "Well speaking of work, I have to get going. Fifth graders aren't great at policing themselves when confronted with reptilian toys. I got to go but the whip to em and what not." She blew me a kiss as she shuffled out the apartment.

I spent my time cleaning up the common area, something I'd avoided doing during the break. A few dancing sessions with Pandora music blaring through Izzy's impressive home sound system, a few loads of laundry, a few glasses of box wine later, and I was mentally prepared for the minefield our movie night had become after her father's ultimatums.

"Knock knock," Izzy called out as she entered our apartment, letting her purse flop to the floor next to the dresser next to the door. I poked my head out the kitchen where I was just finishing up preparing some spaghetti.

"How were the little monsters?"

"The humans ones were fine. The scaly ones... Not so much," she said, holding up a bandaged hand.

"What happened?"

"One of the boas liked my smell a little too much and decided to have a little chomp."

"You okay?"

"Oh yeah, it barely broke the skin. Hardly bled at all. They disinfected it, bandaged me up, and told me to go home." She shrugged out of her coat tossing it onto a hanger and wandered into the kitchen. "This looks wonderful, thanks for taking care of me." She pulled me into a hug I didn't fight too hard to avoid.

One careful meal later, and we were ready for our movie. I carefully positioned myself on the loveseat, spreading out so she had no chance to sit next to me, pretending not to notice how she narrowed her eyes after she saw my seat choice. She popped in a movie, her choice this week, and sat down with a bowl of popcorn. Mentally groaning at the opening chords of the Princess Bride, I braced myself for a ton of loaded looks. As our favorite movie, it was something we'd learned about each other during our first week together, and was in fact the genesis of our weekly movie night tradition. Around half way through the movie, the wine got the best of me and she paused the movie as I wandered to the bathroom. When I got back, I saw she'd moved onto the loveseat from the couch, studiously not looking at me as I entered the room. I sat on the edge of the couch farthest from her, folding my legs beneath me, and started up the movie. Ten minutes later we had to pause again as she went for a second helping of popcorn. I was considering moving to the loveseat again but felt like that would be childish as well as playing into whatever game-slash-scheme she was running. Smirking, she sauntered over to middle seat of the couch, right next to me, and started up the movie without a word. Hypersensitive to the closeness of her thighs to my feet I was barely able to pay attention to the movie. She was near enough to feel her heat without actually touching, her panty hose clad skin tantalizing close. Like it was the most natural thing in the world, she let out a yawn, setting the bowl from her lap onto the coffee table, leaning onto me. Her straight black tresses tickled my bare arm as she pulled her feet up onto the couch, spreading out to get more comfortable.

Yeah right, you transparent, and lovely girl. Everyone in the room knows your game but there's nothing I can do to escape it. You've got me trapped.

Fully convinced my eyes were cartoonishly wide, a vitriolic mix of arousal and fear flooded my body as she innocently laid her hand on my thigh. She didn't move it. Every perfectly manicured digit carefully placed as it rested lightly on my leg. I held my breath. Every heartbeat making me waffle between pulling her deeper into my arms and dumping her to the floor and fleeing to the safety of my room. Pulling a shaky lungful of air, I began to mentally disengage.

"Izzy," I said, my voice coming out low and scared.

She tilted her head back, slowly rotating to reveal a face filled with hope. Her eyes. Those glorious baby blue eyes that I could stare at forever slowly locked onto mine.

Why... are they so... bloodshot? Also... such a strange shape... The thoughts drifted slowly through the molasses of my mind as her eyes engulfed me in a well that eagerly swallowed me.

Everything went dark.

I was floating in a drifting haze of impressions and muffled sound that never quite penetrated the fluffy calm that embraced me.

Izzy asked me a question. She asked again and began to grow worried. I told her she was silly and booped her nose. Everything was fine, why was she worried? She made a request and I started to hop on one leg. Then she told me to stop so I did. I stuck my tongue out and acted like a chicken all under her directions. She asked me to sit back down on the couch just as the credits started to roll.

"Wake up, Kate."

It was like rising from the most restful sleep of my life. I couldn't remember anything that had happened since I went to the bathroom but I found myself on the couch with Izzy standing near me her hand on my arm. She looked like she had just discovered a juicy secret, unabashed glee on her face.

"Sorry, I must have drifted off. I don't know what came over me."

"It's fine. You looked so cute sleeping that I didn't have the heart to wake you." She gave me one of her trademark smiles that cut through any bullshit I may have perceived with how genuine it was.

"Now I know something is up. I must have drooled or snored or something to have you smiling like that."

"Nothing of the sort. You're truly just that cute," she said, partially covering her smile with her hand but the curled corners of her lips still peaked above her hand.

"Please," I snorted. "Little girls are cute. I am gorgeous," I stated with a false air of haughtiness. She had no response other than half lidding her eyes.

Shit. Should not have encouraged her.

"I think I'm gonna call it a night. If I'm tired enough to fall asleep in front of a movie that's probably the best plan for me." I faked a yawn and retreated from the beautiful yet unintentionally dangerous woman who both featured in, and threatened, my dreams.

Fortunately for my psyche, I woke up and the world no longer felt filled with hidden dangers. At least up until I walked in on Izzy doing her hair in the mirror.

In her panties and bra.

Frozen like a deer in the headlights I stared at her. Tracing along her curves my gaze eventually reached her lips, pinched tightly against a smile.

"Your eyes. They're strange," I sputtered as I met her amused stare. Before we could fully lock eyes she shifted back to looking at herself in the mirror, with an occasional glance thrown my way.

"They're contacts for my costume tomorrow. I wanted to make sure I'm comfortable with them."

"Oh okay."

"How do they look?"

"... Fine. They're just fine," I said through a lump in my throat. The realization that I was essentially looking at Izzy in her skivvies washed over me like a bucket of ice water.

I missed the amused look of promise that flashed over her face as I slammed the door.

Luckily, I managed to avoid any additional contact for the next couple hours. Tension was slowly building in the apartment, and I wasn't sure my life as I knew it would survive if it- when it, boiled over. Izzy was stalking me and I didn't have the excuse of a girlfriend to avoid her any longer, my last girlfriend was more of a fling than anything, and we'd grown tired of each other about a month ago. I was pretty sure that Izzy had a thing for me ever since I'd first moved in and now that my mourning period was over, the proverbial gate was open.

And Izzy was off to the races.

Burying myself into my textbooks I studied chemistry as my roommate bustled about the house, presumably setting up decorations for her... our... shindig. I put on some headphones and listened to some instrumental celtic music and poured time into studying. The one time I took my headphones out, there was this strange rhythmic knocking sound coming from the wall that separated my room from Izzy's. Focusing, I tried to figure out what it was.

"Ohhhhhh Kate." It was a barely recognizable mishmash of words and lusty moans as they filtered through the wall, easily distinguishable in the relative silence of the apartment. A scarlet blush swept through my flesh, and I jammed the headphones back into my ears. I couldn't stop myself from shooting a couple curious glances at the wall.

Eventually, hunger drove me from my self-imposed solitude. Peering both ways down the hallway, I crept out of my room and headed for the kitchen. Initially I was planning on grabbing a box of crackers and a glass of milk, just enough to snack on until dinner, that changed when I saw what was waiting for me on the counter. It was a turkey sandwich on white bread with garlic aioli and swiss. Accompanying the sandwich was a handwritten note, it read, "Keep up the hard work. Some fuel for your study - Love Izzy."

"Awwww," the noise slipped involuntarily from my throat. This was why I couldn't quite bring myself to leave the apartment. She was unbelievably nice. Selfless in so many aspects of her life she always strove to be better, to do good in the world and I loved that about her. The reminder made me feel bad at the awkward way I'd treated her this morning.

I just need to approach this with some maturity. Just lie like an adult and tell her I'm not interested. She'll respect this decision, and I can stop giving myself ulcers. Nodding to myself I put a pot of water on the stove for some tea and queued up Netflix on my phone.

I was munching on the sandwich and sipping on my tea when Izzy's hand landed on my shoulder, startling the everliving shit out of me.

"I thought I could control myself but there's this heat inside me, and I need to know," her voice rumbled like a cat's purr, low and tingling all the wrong places as I turned to look at her. "I need to know how it feels."

Her face was flushed, and she almost panted with desire.

"What's wrong..." My voice trailed off as her gold filled eyes split with a solid black pupil pulled me back into the warm haze. My jaw went slack and the half eaten bite of sandwich flopped out of my mouth onto the floor. My body felt heavy, and I began to slide off my stool, nosediving towards a world of hurt, but I couldn't bring myself to care. Lunging forward, she coiled around me with her arms, cradling me to the floor. My head rested on her shoulder, my nose buried into her silky locks. I sighed as the light floral scent of her shampoo swam through my sinuses, sending me even deeper into my fugue. Her embrace was warm, and I couldn't help but feathering touches along her back as she whispered into my ear.

"Until I say the word mercy, you will..." She swallowed around a lump in her throat and stumbled in her speech. "You will be in love with me." My head bobbed up and down in languid acquiescence as I drew in deep breaths of her scent. "When I snap my fingers you will wake with no knowledge of this conversation. I'm... sorry." She finished speaking by brushing away my hair and giving my forehead a gentle kiss. Using muscles that weren't readily apparent, but I knew were cultivated through a plethora of self defense classes, she hauled me back onto my stool. My vacant eyes stared at nothing, a matching slack grin accentuating my parted lips. Izzy gave me a sad look, full of pained longing before she moved over to the fridge snapping her fingers the moment before she slammed the door closed.

Blinking away the haze, I twisted my back to see Izzy grabbing a glass out of the cabinets and pouring herself a glass of milk.

"Thank you for the sandwich. Sorry for bailing on the party prep."

"No big. How'd the studying go miss future doctor."

I barked a laugh.

"Yeah, that's still a ways off."

"I have utter confidence in your abilities. But, if you could use a break from the books, I wouldn't say no to some help decorating the place."

"Sure, at a certain point it feels like I'm staring at an alien language. It'll be good to stretch out my limbs."

"I'll throw on some tunes and we can get to work."

"When there's something strange-" the opening chords of the timeless ghostbusters theme had me bobbing my head as she popped open a labeled plastic container with various nicknacks. We both got to work.

It was somewhere between the fuzzy fake cobwebs and the pewter jack o lantern with candle inset that I noticed the intense looks Izzy was giving me. I had to fight from staring at her myself, her yoga pants did things to my insides that weren't fit for civilized conversation.

Remember the things you don't like about her.

After sharing a domicile with someone for any amount of time there were always a little friction that came from seeing someone in their home.

She's neurotic about keeping the bathroom counter free of clutter. She organizes the cups all upside down from tall to short instead of alternating for least amount of space taken. She hates leaving dishes to soak in the sink, but she's terrible about getting her clothes washed. With no set sleep cycle and the ability to survive on five hours of sleep, she can be up at any time. She snores, loud and deep, with this occasional adorable whimper that makes her lip curl. She hates being late to any appointment, and she keeps me from being a sourpuss homebody. A bit bossy at times, she takes the lead and get things decided in group settings. She's used to getting what she wants and does this sweet pouty face with her arms crossed where she closes her eyes and counts to ten in french under her breath. I think I love her...

The thought stills me for a second, keeping me from placing the little plastic spiders into the fake cobwebs.

But I knew that already. It's best for both of us if I keep up pretenses until I graduate and we go our separate ways. Its especially best for Mitch, who's worked hard to put his past behind him. A deep breath and I was back to decorating.

As the night wore on, she grew increasingly angry and frustrated. I asked her what was wrong and she stormed off to the bathroom in a huff. Worried at how upset she seemed, I followed after her. Hovering on the brink of knocking, I stopped, listening as she talked to herself.
