 Well, once again my servo was in the shop and I'd have to depend upon public transportation to go visit the museum that day. Those damn Japanese just don't build them like they used to, it seems these days if you don't buy Bulgarian or Iraqi you're just buying junk. I mean hell, my Nissa-Toyota has been in the shop six times this year. What I wouldn't have given for a hover bike then, and to think they said Dell-Packard was nuts producing a laptop hover bike.

Anyway, I was forced to hoof it down to the Metro on foot, actually needing to walk between the escalating sidewalks and cross walk spring leaps. It was an interesting walk though, I saw a woman in a Volvo Cruiser pulled over by two policemen. Two human policemen, not something you see everyday, so this had to be a special case. The best I could tell she had somehow fooled the inebriation override and had been driving on manual. Unfortunately she was driving manually on the center island so the police pulled her over. Well, as Volvo Cruiser drivers are likely to do, she was creating a major scene, resisting the officers until they threw her over the hood of the car and switched on the mango-locks. After that she quieted down so I headed on toward the Metro.

On my way I noticed some discarded prophylactic bottles and reminded my self to grab a Dasani Prophy V on my way. The ride would take a while, so I figured I might as well take the sex car. Yeah, I'm a little gray on the top and broadening in the middle, but you can always count on running into a few women needing some daddy or granddaddy loving. The Dasani would give me prophylactic protection for a full three days and the V will give the old cock a bit of the blue pill boost it needs sometimes. The Dasani would also keep my hydrated after this walk. 

I quickly spring-leapt across the street and headed in the long tunnel down to the Metro, passing several shops on the way. For a quick gauge on the reaction of my personal gear, I paused in front of a Sex Shoppe and looked over the wares. They had several holographic porn flicks playing and I quickly tuned into a Jupiterian special. Talk about your wild porn. Now there are no indigenous species from Jupiter, but the humans who have lived their lives there are called Jupiterians. Anyway, they have been so used to supporting their sexual organs and breasts from the incredible gravity that when they come here to film the porn in the relative low gravity of earth they become almost superhuman.

Without having to fight the gravity, the guys' cocks are incredibly strong and a man with an erection can lift a car. The women can lift automobile engines with their pussy lips and the kickback from releasing their breasts from a Jupiterian bra can decapitate a man. A few teams at NASCAR had some women on their team using their lips to pull engines during pit stops, unfortunately when the TV censors figured out what that was lifting those engines they quickly put an end to that.

Anyway, the Jupiterian man and woman were lifting each other into the air with each thrust and when he finally came she was hurled over the bed onto the floor. While this incredible sexual action did run tingle through my dingle, my cock was nowhere near hard. Yeah I was definitely going to need a Dasani V for sure, so I walked a bit further and slipped into a Cocaine Mart drug store to pick up a bottle.

I had plenty of time to kill, so I decided to take the store up on its V test option. After paying for the drink, I quickly swallowed about half the bottle and the pretty little salesclerk led me into a small room. She kneeled down and un-velcroed my pants and pulled the old guy out. With a couple quick, but very practiced strokes of her hands, I was hard as an eighteen year old in line to fuck a movie star.

She looked up at me sensuously and asked, "Do you want the full treatment?"

"If I do, will I be able to perform later?"

"Just finish off the rest of the bottle and you'll be just this hard in ten minutes, and you'll have a full week of prophylactic coverage. By the way, how did you like the new Fresh Pussy flavor?"

"Oh it's my favorite of them all," I said, watching her mouth slide over my cock. Well, it's been a long time since I well... felt the fine services of a lady and so from the first suck on, I was tiptoeing the edge. She sucked hard while toying with my balls. Soon she moved her hand from my balls to the shaft of my cock and stroked it while bobbing her head up and down on me. Well I came and shot a fully immunized, sterilized and debugged spurt of my cum into her mouth.

She swallowed every drop of it, running her tongue over the tip of my cock to lap up the last bit of cum from me. Smiling she said, "Yes that Fresh Pussy taste is quite good."

I thanked her for the test and then headed out of the store, gulping down the last of the Dasani. I continued walking down the tunnel toward the Metro with a bit of a spring in my step. Watch out you daddy loving twenty something nymphets, I'm high on Viagra and I'm heading your way.