 I continued heading down the tunnel toward the Metro, finally reaching the long escalators. Riding down I was struck by the appearance of my surroundings, it all looked like a giant concrete vagina being penetrated by a huge stainless steel cock, and all us spermatozoa were quickly being spurted into the Metro womb. I just wondered if everyone noticed that or was it just the Viagra talking to me.

Walking up to a fare machine, I ran my imbedded ID past the scanner and approved the subsequent charges for the Metro fare. Since I indicated I planned to use the sex car, a quick scan was run, confirming my use of an approved liquid prophylactic. Yeah, we still had nasty, dirty, unprotected sex elsewhere, but the prudish folks at Metro were having none of that. You can't really blame them considering the new and improved STDs out there. Just the thought of the Venusian hook worm was enough for me to keep my assets fully protected. The Dasani I had finished a few minutes ago was my health insurance.

Once the fare was worked out, I went through a turnstile which read my ID again and then slid me on a mini personal hoverboard to the car at the very back of the cushion train. I stepped off the board and into a hedonist's playground. What were double seats on the standard cars were converted into small, lockable compartments allowing the consenting adults to do whatever they could manage to do in the restricted space. Of course a number of the people enjoyed being watched, so they either simply left the door open or didn't even bother with the compartments, choosing to have sex right there in the wide aisle ways.

Walking into the car, I had to step over a couple locked in a sixty-nine position that was so energetic that the slapping of asses and heads on the floor of the train sounded like beating drums. Several other couples were at it in various positions in the aisles, so I had to walk a sinuous path to find an area where they had open seats. There was another guy already sitting in one of the seats. I sat down close to him and asked, "Daddy or grandpa?"

"Going with the grandpa routine, last time I played daddy I threw my back out. These women are looking for athletic daddies, so I'll stick to grandpa this go around. They don't expect as much. How about you?"

Feeling the train begin to move, I steadied myself in my seat and replied, "I'm still a bit too vain to admit I'm old enough to be their grandpa. I just loaded up on the Dasani V, so as long as I don't get a gymnast, I should be okay."

I was waiting for him to say something else when a beautiful woman squealed out and said, "Grandpa, is it really you?"

Standing up he replied, "Why sure honey, I've been looking all over for my best granddaughter." As she embraced him, he looked over at me and winked. He then reached down and grabbed her ass, squeezing it.

"Oh grandpa, you are being so naughty today," I heard her saying as they disappeared into a compartment and closed the door.

I sat back and relaxed waiting for a daddy's girl to wander through. While I waited I looked over at the sixty-niners still drum thumping on the floor there and wondered how they were still conscious. Adjusting my cock, I noticed a woman come up carrying what appeared to be a math book.

"Can I help you darling?" I asked.

"Daddy, I need help on my math homework, will you come to my room and help me study."

"Of course darling," I said following her into a compartment. I closed the door and locked it and then asked, "How can I help you?"

"I get restless when I study, I need to be doing something. Daddy, can I fuck you while I study?"

"Why of course dear," I said, pulling off my clothes.

In just a few seconds I found myself on my back looking up at her as she lowered herself down over my cock. She had me hold the book up so she could "study" as she bounced up and down on me, but I was still able to peek around it to get a good look at her. Her hair was a curly blond that feel down about her shoulders, but didn't reach down to her breasts. They were bouncing wildly and I wished I didn't have to hold the book because I wanted to grab them and squeeze them hard.

Glancing down beneath the book, I could see her lips bulge in and out as she moved up and down on me. Her pubic hair was dark and I immediately saw that she only went for the partial coloration. Since it's no longer stylish to be two toned like that, I can only assume she couldn't afford the full coloration tablets. Well, her and her tablet blond hair began to moan and in a few moments she came, her pussy pulsing on my cock.

She paused for a moment and then tossed the book aside and encouraged me saying, "Come on daddy come in my pussy. Please daddy, I want to feel you come inside me."

Well her encouragement worked, not that I'm into this daddy thing, but when any woman begs me like that, well I just gush. And I did gush, shooting my jism deep into her wet pussy. She remained on top of me, holding my cock inside her for a polite period of time and then she climbed off, got dressed and kissed me goodbye. As she stepped out the door she said, "Bye daddy, I'm going now."

Just to make her feel good I called out to her, "Now be in before midnight, you hear?"

Peeking her head back in the door she purred, "Yes daddy," and waved bye bye.

I got dressed and moved back out into the car. My friend the grandpa was back where he had been seated before. I waved to him, but realized he was fast asleep. Heading over to the seats I sat down next to him until I reached my stop at the Smithsonian station. I got up, stepped over the thumping sixty-niners and got off the train. A hoverboard sped me to an escalator where I scanned my ID again and rode up into the heart of the museum.