 Major Luco stormed through the halls of the base back towards the hangar. He followed the yellow line on the floor as it turned corners and led him to the heavy double doors. Now that Synne's awake, he thought, she'll answer for her actions. Breaking her own arms? Pleasuring herself on duty and in public? These were unforgivable in his eyes, no matter how much the thought of it turned him on.

He burst through the doors, ignoring the many salutes from his subordinates. "Where is she," he demanded of the medic, who was washing his hands at a portable hygiene station. The medic pointed to the gurney some twenty feet from Cezanne's feet. As he approached Synne and Coral, he saw a compact mirror held to her chest, and Synne's lips speaking.

Synne read the words aloud: "To make of this world something which is stable and lasting. This is my mission, and this is my name: Cezanne."

A rumble shook the hangar as the Cezanne powered on. It's core booster fired, moving it into position with its back facing away from Synne, and the cockpit hatch opened with a hiss.

The technicians working around the Cezanne all turned to look. "The Cezanne, it activated itself!"

"That's impossible," Major Luco muttered in amazement. "There's no pilot inside. Unless..." he looked to Synne, who was still lying on the gurney. Luco closed the distance between them, and took hold of her by the shoulders. He shook her as he spoke in a seething whisper.

"You...are going to tell me...what the hell is going on...with my machine. And you're going to tell me now."

Synne looked back at the Major, confused. "Your machine?"

Synne explained the happenings inside the cockpit (the details which the report did not recount) with Cezanne. Major Luco stared dumbfounded at the revelation. "You can activate the thing externally?"

"It seems that way, sir," Synne answered, looking up to the Cezanne, which turned to meet her gaze.

"I guess all that talking with it you claimed wasn't bullshit after all," Major Luco said after some thought. He walked a way, and with a dismissive wave of his hand, "you're not to pilot OR activate it again until your injuries have fully healed. Coral, take her back to her quarters. She's not fit for combat."

"But Major," Synne pleaded, trying for a third time to raise herself on her arms, "Who's going to pilot the Cezanne while I'm recovering?"

"It's a Lebensarmierung, isn't it? If it functions the same as the simulators, I should do just fine," he answered with an almost audible sneer. Finally, he thought, a chance to get some live combat time in the real thing. I bet the cockpit still smells like her, too. "That should keep me entertained while I kill."

"Major?"

"It's nothing. Get the Captain back to her quarters, Coral. You're to stay with her until her recovery is done, understood?"

"Yes sir."

******************

Synne watched the ceiling, counting the fluorescent lights as Coral wheeled her back to the barracks. The lights were bright, and hurt her eyes like the sun had. Had the sun been real, or was the whole thing an illusion? It must have been real, Synne reasoned, because she was able to activate Cezanne.

There was no external power. There was no pilot in the cockpit. And yet, it had been able to initialize and move by itself. Truly, she thought, this was the power Cezanne had given her.

"Here we are," Coral chirped, opening the door to Synne's quarters before wheeling the gurney in. "Let me just help you in to bed, ma'am." Coral put one arm around her shoulders and hoisted the injured Captain off the gurney, helping her across the cold linoleum floor to her bed. The cold tiles made Synne's feet cringe and curl up until she felt the soft embrace of her mattress.

"It's never felt this comfortable before," Synne laughed as she stretched her legs.

Coral watched the Captain stretch and flex her legs and feet, amazed that she could keep them so smooth and clean despite her grueling schedule. "Did you need help getting undressed," she asked after a nearly audible gulp.

"Well, seeing as I can't move my arms, sure."

Coral lifted Synne's torso off the bed and untied the thin strings holding her medical gown closed. She pulled the strings forward, the gown trailing behind it, flowing away from the Captain's flesh. As more and more of her was uncovered, Synne began to wonder why Coral was taking so long; being so tender.

The gown fell to the floor, and Coral looked down past Synne's breasts to the (disappointingly boring, she thought) white cotton panties that Synne wore. Coral reached her hands towards them, and hooked her fingers under the fabric. "What are you doing, Coral," Synne asked quietly. Coral quickly withdrew her hands, apologizing profusely.

"It's no problem, Private," Synne giggled. "Don't worry about it. Between you and me, I usually sleep in the nude."

"Ma'am?"

"But," Synne continued, "since you're going to be here, I guess I'll sleep like this." She crossed her legs and closed her eyes. Her arms down by her sides; still immobile, preventing her from covering her breasts, which swelled and receded with each breath. Synne opened one eye, looking at the glassy-eyed Private.

"That wasn't your first time undressing a woman, was it, Coral?"

Coral blushed and looked down at her lap; at her hands wrenching tightly together. "I...don't know what you're talking about."

"You have forty-eight hours to self-report that lie, Private."

"But, ma'am, I really haven't done...anything like that before. Not with a woman, or with anyone," Coral continued, still unable to meet her superior's eyes.

"Well," Synne reasoned, "isn't it time you tried?"

Coral looked at Coral, seeing her grinning face, flushed with lust. "Ma'am, are you suggesting that we--"

"Yes, Coral. I am, now shut up and come over here. I can't move my arms, and you're assigned to watch over my recovery. So either get to work on me, or I'll get so horny that I'd probably off myself from frustration."

Coral tentatively moved to the foot of Synne's bed, and lay her hands on the Captain's smooth legs. She ran her hands up and down the calves and thighs before coaxing them apart from the ankles. Synne wiggled her toes, and Coral took this as a sign. She held Synne's foot in her hands, and brought it close to her face. The decontamination room had left her smelling great all over, and this was no exception.

Coral ran her index finger all over the bottom of Synne's foot, finding creases, ridges and details which caused Synne to giggle and cringe. "That tickles, come on," Synne pleaded. Coral came to the toes, and sucked the big toe into her mouth, running her tongue over the rough bottom and the softer first joint. After a thorough treatment, Coral repeated this with the other toes, and the other foot as well.

"Jesus, let's go already," Synne whined. "I'm in agony here, look what you've done to me!" She squirmed her hips back and forth and off the bed, and Coral moved up, half lying on the bed on her stomach now. She reached up to Synne's panties, now darkened with an obscene amount of moisture, and poked her finger into the cleft of her lips.

"You're so wet, ma'am," Coral commented, pushing the length of her finger on the lips, teasing them back and forth. "Looks like you weren't kidding after all."

"Shut up and get started already," Synne said as Coral slid the panties down her legs. Coral looked at the Captain's cute pussy, still smooth and slick from the decontaminant.

"Where do you find the time to keep it so neat," Coral marveled, cupping the utterly bald mound with her hand, feeling the amazing heat radiating from it. "It really is completely bare."

"Never mind that now," Synne said, still impatient, "just get to work."

"Can do, ma'am," Coral answered. She pushed her finger into the wet slit, finding the passage to be easy to slip into, but hard to pull out of. "It's like you're sucking me in," she commented, listening to the soft sucking sounds which accompanied the Captain's moans; finally sated.

Coral sped up her fingering, going deeper until she was up to the knuckle. She added a second finger, and turned her hand, curling her fingers up to run across the top of Synne's channel, as if beckoning her. It struck a deep chord within Synne, and she began pushing and pulling her hips, fucking the fingers back.

The wetness seemed to just leak from Synne's pussy, coating Coral's fingers. Coral pulled out her fingers and licked them, relishing in the uncanny flavors. She put her fingers back to work, but lapped at her knuckles, getting all the juice from them that she could. Her tongue brushed across Synne's clit, making her jump.

"Oh God, Coral, that was amazing," Synne groaned. "Do it again!" Coral took a slow pass at the erect little nub with the breadth of her tongue. "Oh yes, that's fantastic! Do that now, keep going!"

Coral kept her fingers pushing faster and faster into the tight wet, warm hole as her tongue began flicking back and forth across Synne's clit, sending jolts of pleasure directly into her brain. As she pressed her tongue against the throbbing clit, she sucked it into her mouth, curling her tongue around it and sucking in hard.

Synne stifled a scream as she came hard, her clit throbbing furiously in the loop of Coral's tongue, her pussy grinding on Coral's chin (now sloppy wet from the gush of wetness). Coral lapped happily at Synne's pussy until she pushed her away, breathing out a complaint of being too sensitive right now.

After Synne had caught her breath, she looked into the happy eyes of her subordinate, and smiled in kind. Her smile quickly changed to an expression of worry, though. "We can't tell anyone about this, Coral."

"I know, ma'am. I'm...I guess I'm just glad to be able to help. I hope your wounds will heal quickly," Coral said as she rose from her seat and began to leave.

"Where do you think you're going, Private," Synne asked, resuming her formal and authoritative tone. "Like the Major said, you're to watch over me until I'm recovered. Now sit down and tell me where you learned to do that shit so well."

******************

Hours later, Coral sat at Synne's bedside, the two musing and discussing anything that came to their minds; trying to fill the time. Coral asked the question which had been on her mind since the earlier incident. "So, ma'am, how does it work, the way you made Cezanne turn on without a power source?"

Synne thought for a moment, and answered as best she could: "To be honest, I'm not really sure myself. All I know is that I say the words on my chest," she said, motioning to the marks on her chest, "and it listens to me."

"It's amazing technology," Coral mused.

"When Cezanne talked to me, he told me...that it wasn't any technology like man's ever invented. It's something...different."

"So...someone else invented the Lebensarmierung?"

"He told me that the LA's are divine. The power of God, wielded by man. We must tread carefully."

Silence permeated the room, and Synne rolled her head toward the window. The rain still fell, just like every other day, and the clouds still covered what sky there may have been. Wet and dark, just like every other day. In the hazy gray, Major Luco's test piloting run on the Cezanne was already underway.

******************

"How do the controls feel, Major Luco," asked Staff Sergeant Beagle from the observation deck.

"They feel good," the Major responded. "A guy could get used to this sort of thing." He ran his fingers over the controls where just hours before, Synne had broken her arms to pleasure herself. The smells of her arousal still hung heavily in the cockpit air. Luco could almost swear he felt some moisture on the seat which he straddled. This smell, it's overwhelming, he thought to himself. Maybe there is something special about this LA unit, he mused. He could feel the vibrations coming from the hum of machinery all around him, and it went straight to his core, causing quite a rise.

"Alright, sir," Beagle said. "There's a target at your rear. Execute a 180 degree turn at...half speed and destroy the target."

Luco took hold of the controls firmly, and pushed the speed up till he was rolling down the disused landing strip (now used for exercises like this) at around 60 mph. He pulled on the left handle and pushed the right foot control down. The Cezanne lifted its right foot and fired a short thrust which propelled it to the rear. Luco scanned the range until a large red and white balloon target inflated; he fired a short burst which popped it.

"Too easy, my friend," Luco chuckled over the radio. "Didn't I tell you I've done this before? Let's try something harder." While it was true that Luco had piloted before, it had been an older model before the use of Midbrain Probes; these tests were quite necessary.

"With the midbrain probes as well as your...sufficient piloting experience, you should have no trouble executing the 180 degree turn at full speed. Turn and engage the target at your rear," Staff Sergeant Beagle said, quickly growing weary of Luco's special blend of pomposity and overconfidence.

"Heh, you got it. Write this one down in your little notebook, boy," Luco sneered as he brought the Cezanne up to a full 120 mph. Roaring down the tarmac at top speed, Luco pulled the left hand control back as far as it would go, and slammed down both the foot controls. Looking more like an accomplished "break-dancer" than a military machine, the Cezanne boosted into the air, tumbled left only to catch itself on its left hand and slam its feet down facing the rear. Luco fired before the machine touched down, eliminating the target balloon.

"Well done, Major," said Beagle, actually impressed. "Basic combat training is admissible, and you've been cleared to return to the hangar."

"It's gonna be one hell of a highlight reel," Luco laughed as he began his return to the oversized hangar. "How about we check it out over a few beers, eh?"

"I'd like that, sir. Recommend we hit Rosethorne's; it's at 23rd and Cross in West Ruukon."

******************

Staff Sergeant Beagle waited outside Rosethorne's Café at 1840 in the evening rain. Evening rain was colder than midday rain, but not as depressing as the morning rain. Early is on-time, and on-time is late, he thought to himself, that's always been the policy regarding the Major. He watched two young ladies walk by and giggle as they stole glances at him. The uniform was always a good way to meet women; that was Beagle's initial reason for joining up. But then he discovered that some of the cutest girls were already in the ranks...Like that Captain Altaria. Synne Altaria, the Ironblood Angel. What a woman.

"There you are, Beagle," Major Luco called as he approached. His cover was slightly askew, and his long officer's overcoat hung open, trailing him in the wet buffets of wind.

"Ready to head in? This rain chills a guy to the bone."

"Yes sir," Beagle responded, holding the door open for his esteemed Major Luco. As the Major entered, his booming voice sounded throughout the warm, well-lit café which he frequented:

"All attention all, it's officially a party! And being as it's Friday, let's carry out the plan of the day, and IMPLEMENT THE WEEKEND!"

Beagle followed along, trying to be less obnoxious. 

******************

Synne woke from a pleasant dream, a reliving of the earlier tongue fuck she'd received from Coral. It was Coral's voice and hand that woke her, incidentally. Coral shook her shoulder and called her name softly. "Captain Altaria, we have to go."

"Go? Go where," Synne asked groggily, trying to rub her eyes with the cast-flippers which were her upper arms. "I can't go anywhere like this; even if I can move my arms now, I can't drive worth shit."

"That's why I'm driving, ma'am," Coral smiled.

The drive was a short one, out to West Ruukon. During the drive, Coral briefed her Captain on the reason for the trip. "The employees called at 2015 to report a disturbance. Apparently, one of your fellow soldiers has been causing a big disturbance there. We're here to apply disciplinary action."

"You mean I'm here to apply disciplinary action, and you're here to hold the door."

"Well, the door, and possibly the soldier depending on how drunk and unruly he is."

Synne grinned, motioning with her unusable hands, "what makes you think I can't handle him myself?"

Coral gave her a sideways glance. "Ever been to this place before, ma'am?"

"Can't say as I have. Why, is it a shady place?"

Coral laughed. "In fact, just the opposite. It's a real high-class place. It's something that we adapted from the Japanese back in the 21st century. It's called a maid café; it's basically an ordinary café, but the waitresses are dressed in skimpy maid outfits. They serve you drinks and play board games with you, and some even offer massages."

"You seem to know a lot," Synne smirked. "You ever been to a place like this before?"

"You trained to be a mind reader, Captain Altaria?"

They arrived at Rosethorne's Café and entered, already noticing some distress on the face off the hostess. "Good evening, are you here about the soldier," she asked nervously.

"Yes, ma'am," Synne responded. "I'm Captain Synne Altaria, and this is PVT Jessika Coral."

"Please come this way," the woman said with a bow which Synne was sure must have exposed her ass to anyone behind her. "He's locked himself in one of the private rooms. There's another man in there with him, and I think just one of our staff."

"Coral," Synne said, "Put on your sexy voice. Let's get this door unlocked."

"Yes ma'am," Coral said with a girlish giggle, already getting in to character. "Oh soldier," she called through the door, "I'd just love to join you in there! I've got another drink here for you, and if you play nice, I could give you a massage while you enjoy it."

She paused, and heard the door unlock. Synne kicked it open to view the chaotic scene inside. Major Luco hobbled back to the couch and plopped down leering at the waitress on the table. She lay hogtied with what looked to be the remains of her lacy skirt. Her mouth was gagged with her tattered shirt, and her stockings showed signs of struggle.

"Jesus Christ, Luco," Coral said, shocked at the stage set before her. "How much did you drink?"

Luco smiled, "only about...uh...oh man, what's that number I'm thinking of, uh, twelve!"

"You're a monster," the waitress shrieked as Coral removed her gag. She covered her lack of shirt with her arms as she seethed with anger. Synne turned to Coral who was reviving the passed out Staff Sergeant Beagle, who wore the waitress's garter around his head; a trophy of the two men's debauchery.

"Coral, once you're done with the ...Staff Sergeant over there, escort Major Luco to the car. We'll deal with him when we get back to base."

"Yes, ma'am."

Luco jumped up from the couch, and in his drunken stupor, "no, no, you can't take me back there now, do you have any idea...just let me stay somewhere for the night, let's..."

He paused, and a smile grew across his face. He walked slowly towards Synne. "Let's...let's you and me get a place! A hotel or some shit, I dunno."

"Sir, it sounds lovely, but--"

"No, YOU...sound lovely! I mean...shit. You LOOK lovely. Sorry, I can't talk all that good, I'm kind of drunk."

"Sir," Synne tried to reason with the drunken officer, "I think the alcohol's impairing your judgment. You're confused."

"Shut up you," Luco said through his teeth, switching his demeanor into 'mean'. "Always strutting around the hangar in your slutty SCPS uniform...always with the shameless flirting...getting mad when I take the bait."

"Major Luco, let's go out to the car," Coral said, taking his left arm.

Luco roared as he swung his free arm, catching Coral in the side of the head. She crumpled to the floor, and Luco turned on Synne again. His lips stretched tight in a devilish grin. "Things are really getting interesting now, eh Synne?" He lifted her by her throat as she struggled to wrench his hands from her. Luco threw her to the ground next to Coral, who was beginning to recover from the powerful blow.
