 He took her by the arms and moved her towards the fire.

‘Here. Stand here in front of the light. I want to remember you like this. The flickering light from the fire shone through her dress, outlining her body, the gown was completely transparent. ‘Do you have any idea how long it is since I’ve been with a woman?’ He asked.

‘Probably not as long as it is since I’ve been with a man!’ Micca laughed. ‘If it wasn’t for my ship’s Sex-Sym I think I would have forgotten what to do.’ Llyr laughed too and took a step towards her.

‘Let’s take our time then. We have all night,’ he said. ‘First of all though, Micca, take off your gun!’ She giggled and undid the belt that was holding her stun gun and threw it to the floor. Micca could feel desire rippling through in her body; her nipples were already erect and pushing out the fabric of her dress, the softness of the material gently rubbing them with each breath she took. Llyr put both his hands behind her head and entwined his fingers in her hair. He bent and kissed her forehead, then kissed her eyelids, her nose and finally her lips. She opened her mouth to accept his tongue but he had already moved to her neck. He turned her around and slowly kissed the nape of her neck, and moving down onto his knees, kissed down her exposed spine to where her dress began again just above her buttocks. Little shivers of pleasure were running through her body with the delight of it all, and the anticipation. She closed her eyes and let herself be swept away by his kisses. He turned her around to face him again and whilst kissing her shoulders slid the straps of her dress down her arms. With no purchase the dress slid quickly to the floor and she stood completely naked. She could feel her clit throbbing and the wetness trickle from her pussy to the top of her thighs.

‘Llyr, I…’

‘Shh, Micca, don’t speak.’ 

Leaving her standing there naked, Llyr removed his jacket, shirt and trousers. Micca could see the bulge of his cock through the tight fabric of his shorts and again she felt the wetness trickle from her.

He gently took her breasts in his hands and lowered his mouth to her aching nipples. She gasped at his first touch of them, his warm, soft tongue sending a myriad of sexual impulses through her body and all of them connecting at her clit. He got on his knees again and slowly kissed down to her navel, licking her belly button as his hands massaged her buttocks.

‘Micca, you are as beautiful as I imagined you would be,’ he said quietly, ‘Sit down.’ Micca did as Llyr asked and sat on one of the chairs, the leather felt cool to the heat of her pussy and she felt the slick wetness of her juices spread onto the chair. Kneeling in front of her Llyr took one leg, and then the other and hooked them over the arms of the chair. Her legs were wide apart, she felt her swollen lips part and expose her engorged clit; again she felt a trickle of wetness ooze from her pussy. He slowly kissed her thighs moving closer and closer to her throbbing, slick, open pussy.

‘I wish you could see what I can see,’ Llyr said, ‘It’s so sexy!’ With that he touched the opening to her cunt with one finger and it was instantly covered in her wetness. He slowly slid his finger up to her clit, circled it once and then made his way back to her cunt. He continued to do this, softly and slowly, sliding his finger from her cunt to her clit, over and over again. Micca couldn’t believe the feelings he was producing in her – this gentleness of touch was one of the most erotic experiences she had ever had. She had never felt so wet, never felt her clit so hard, her lips so swollen, never wanted something not to stop so much!

‘Oh God, Llyr,’ she managed to whisper, ‘What are you doing to me? This is amazing!’

‘I’m worshipping your body, Micca, and giving it the pleasure it deserves. Your body demands that I worship it – it demands to have time spend on it.’

‘I’m certainly not going to argue with you,’ Micca groaned. He laughed quietly and pulled her hips forward on the chair.

‘Now, my tongue,’ and keeping up the same gentle pressure and slow rhythm, he replaced his finger with his tongue. Micca’s body was in raptures. Her pussy lips felt huge, like they were new parts of her body, and her clit felt enormous and all they wanted was to be gently stroked like this forever.

Llyr’s body and mind were also in raptures – he had dreamt of making love to Micca for years and here he was with her sweet, swollen cunt in his mouth. It was so wet, so soft, so delicious! His cock was rock solid but he knew that he wanted to be patient, he had waited so long for this he did not want a quick fuck with Micca, especially if this was their one and only night together…he continued to lap at Micca’s pussy but when his tongue touched the opening to her cunt he inserted his tongue in, just a bit. He probed her tight little hole almost imperceptibly, mere pressure really, delighting in its hot little folds. He felt her tense, felt her push her pussy onto his mouth, knowing that she wanted more and knowing that he could give her much more! But there was plenty of time. He quickly inserted his tongue into Micca’s cunt as far as it would go then moved from her pussy. She moaned loudly at the desertion but he moved to kiss her mons, her navel, her tits, her neck and finally found her lips. Her mouth opened and greedily they accepted each others tongues, saliva mingling with cunt juice as they kissed passionately for the very first time.

‘Llyr – I feel incredible! I’m so horny – I want to fuck your fucking arse off!’ Micca said as she pulled away from his mouth. Llyr laughed, took her by the hand and pulled her to her feet.

‘That, my dear Captain Traquair, can be arranged!’