 EDITED BY THE INCOMPARABLE "WIRES" WHO ONCE AGAIN HAS MADE MY STORY BETTER IN EVERY WAY.

*****

Bob Trent finished his fourth beer in fifteen minutes. He belched and slammed the empty bottle down on the already cluttered table. The table top was as wet as if water had been poured on it, and already covered with empty beer bottles. Bob, sitting with his friend Simon, glanced at the other three young men sitting around the table. He changed his attention to Simon and glared at him, then he almost yelled as he once again complained vehemently about the assignment given by Professor Sheripati to him and Simon in their Early American History class. 

Bob snarled, "That asshole is insane. I told you we should take a different class, but you insisted we take his. Now look what it's gotten us. Two weeks of class and he gives us this damn research paper with a minimum length of 100 pages. Crap, I have no idea how to even start to answer the question and he tells us it is HALF of our fucking grade! Then he says tests and class participation are the other half? That's BULLSHIT. There's no way we can do this. Did you ever hear of a more stupid paper in your life? He wants us to (he pulled a paper from his pocket and read) research—assuming cost is no objective, and transportation is no restriction—pre-1930 non-motorized, non-electrical tools, equipment, and supplies the early settlers could have taken into the wilderness to improve their chances of living well and safely. We are to give priority to 1850-1900 items that were improved, sold, and used pre-1930. He wants us to compare and contrast our suggested tools and equipment to those they did take. Crap, I have no idea what they took and what they could have taken to survive."

Simon sighed once again and said, "Oh, calm down, Bob. That's the point of the paper. He wants us to research the tools they took, how they were used, their quality and so forth, then suggest alternates, improvements, and additions. We know the original settlers couldn't have taken the items we suggest because many of them didn't exist at that time. The point is to show how invention and learning improved life and living through the period we are studying. You forgot the other part of the question as well. The suggested equipment cannot exceed the capacity of a Conestoga wagon (first built in about 1717 and 18 feet long, 11 feet high, and 4 feet in width, capable of carrying up to 12,000 pounds per Wikipedia). We also have to justify our selections and compare and contrast the actual progression of settlement and civilization with our projected progress using the items we propose the settlers take when they move further inland. If we do this properly we learn American History, manufacturing, farming, and living from colonial times up to 1900. That, after all, IS the scope of this class."

"Yeah, exactly. How the hell do I know how the civilization would grow? It's bullshit. I'd drop the damn class if we weren't past the drop date. I think he did this on purpose to fuck with us after it was too late for us to get away from him. Shit." Bob raised his voice, now slurring slightly, and yelled at the pretty bar maid, "Hey. Bring me another beer."

Paula Breckenridge, a classmate working as the waitress, pressed her lips together and glared at Bob. Without saying anything she walked angrily to the bar and ordered the beer for Bob. When the bartender handed it to her he said, "Paula, remember you don't have to put up with obnoxious assholes. He's been hitting them pretty heavy since he got here. Tell him he has to slow down or I'll cut him off. It sure sounds as if he is pissed about something. Woman problems?"

Paula sighed and grimaced then said, "No, he's one of those under achievers that want to take all easy classes and not have to work for a grade. His friend Simon wanted to take Professor Sheripati's Early American History class instead of one taught by someone else. Instead of taking a different class when he couldn't talk Simon out of Sheripati's class Bob signed up for it, also. Now he's pissed about the research paper he has to write and is taking it out on anyone that will listen. Heck, the requirement for the long research paper is listed in the course catalogue for the course. He should have known what he was getting into."

"Don't you have that class also? I haven't heard you talking about the paper."

"Yeah, I have it too. We just found out about the paper today. I mean, we found out the topic and length today. Some of the other classes have papers, but they're much shorter. Some even let the students do two or three instead of one large one. I don't know how I'm ever going to find the time to write it and do a good job with all the other things I have on my plate but I have to try. You know, my major is history and I really think I can learn a lot in this class. I am so looking forward to it. I rearranged my whole schedule just so I could take the class from Sheripati. 

"I knew there would be a long paper when I signed up for the class, but I'm like Simon. I wanted to take Sheripati's class because of how great an instructor he is. I mean, you learn so much more in his classes if you work at it. I've heard it's a really fun class, too. Some of the class discussions can get really intense, or so I've heard. Sometimes a student is assigned a topic to research and present to the class. Then they lead the discussion on that topic. You not only learn about early American History but you learn about how people lived and worked back then. Most of the people I've talked to that took his class say it's awesome. It's really strange, though, every class there are a few that drop out after drop day and lose their money and take an F. Almost every year one of the best students seems to lose it and just disappear. They stop coming to class and no one ever sees them again. It's spooky how he gets to some people, but that's the price you have to pay for a good class sometimes. He never has more than ten or twelve in the class, either. Most students seem to steer away from him. I really don't know how Bob managed to get in."

Paula picked the beer up and carried it over to the table. She set the frosty bottle in front of Bob and waited for Simon to stop talking before she told Bob what Pete, the bartender, told her to tell him. As she waited for a break in the conversation she listened to Simon. He was saying "...care what you think Bob. This is going to be a great class. I told you it would probably be best for you if you got your history credit in another class. I can't wait to find out about the tools the settlers used and how they worked with them. When we were young we camped out and pretended we were settlers. Now, we can see how they did some of the things we did and we can plan how we would do them using simple tools and materials. I think this will be one of my all time favorite classes. One of my hobbies is woodworking and I can see how the early settlers did that. I can see the difference between how they farmed back then and how we do it now. Can you imagine what one of the settlers would think if they came to our farm today and saw how Dad does the work? We do as much in an hour with our modern machinery as they could do in a season with their horses and hand tools."

"Whoopee. That's great, but you owe me asshole. I don't have time for this shit. I need copies of your research and I'll want a copy of your paper so I can change it some and turn it in. You got me into this shit and you're going to get me out of it." 

Before Simon could answer Paula broke into the conversation. She relayed Pete's message, then, before she turned away from the table to check on her other customer's she said, "Bob, just chill. I agree with Simon. This is going to be a great class. I'm going to do my paper primarily on the things a woman took and used in the house and what she could have taken. I've already done a little talking with my friends and its amazing how little those early settlers had. Almost none of the things a woman or man used to work carried over to the other sex. The only medicine they had was a few herbs they picked. Think about what they could have done with some modern antibiotics and alcohol or other disinfectant. Many of the settlers actually carried their worldly possessions in a pack and managed to not only live in the wilderness, they prospered. Just think how much easier their life would have been with just a few good tools and some simple medicines! I just know this is going to be a great class."

Simon smiled at Paula and really looked at her for the first time. Oh, sure, he remembered seeing her in the class during the last several days, but she was just another face until she said what she just said. Now, he was amazed at how much she seemed to agree with his position. He said, "Paula, I agree with you. Would you like to meet and talk about the paper sometime? Maybe if I know what you're looking for I can point you in the right direction if I see something you could use when I'm doing my research and you could do the same for me?"

Paula smiled and said, "Thanks. I think that's a great idea. Why don't we meet in the library tomorrow morning about ten? It's Saturday so I'll have to work tomorrow night but maybe we can make a few plans."

Bob spoke up loudly, "NO. That won't work. I have to meet some guys at their house tomorrow morning. Besides the paper isn't due until the week before Thanksgiving. Crap, we have two months to do it. You'll have plenty of time to slap something together."

Paula glared at Bob and started to answer him, but Simon spoke in before she could. "Bob, we didn't mention you coming. I already knew you wouldn't worry about the paper until it was almost due. Paula and I intend to work on the paper now so we don't have to hurry to finish it. Besides, we have time to work on it now and we might not when the semester gets going. Right now we don't have much homework and we are a few days away from tests we would have to study for so we have time. Also, I won't give you my paper to copy. I've told you in the past I won't do that. I'm not sure I should even give you copies of my research, but I will do that. At least if you see it you might learn something, but you'll have to read it and write your own paper."

Bob's face got red and he snarled, "Listen, asshole, we may be friends, but if you keep shitting on me like this that can end. Like I said earlier, you got me into this mess and I expect you to get me out of it. I'll expect to see you tomorrow about ten so we can go. You have the wheels or have you forgotten?"

Bob stood drunkenly and looked at the other three guys. He slurred, "I have to get out of here before I get sick listening to this crap. You coming? I think I'll go to the hangout. Their wings are better anyway."

Simon noticed he wasn't invited and truthfully he was glad. He would have refused and that would just have made Bob angrier. This was their second year in college and he wasn't sure their friendship would survive the year. Of course Bob thought they were much better friends than he did—or maybe he just called him friend to use him. Simon wasn't really sure by this point. He was sure that if they hadn't been roomies the first year of college he would never have hung around with Bob at all. They just weren't the same kind of folks. 

He first met Bob the first day of his freshman year. They were roommates in the dorm and did everything together. Of course, being freshmen, they had many of the same classes. Several times Simon caught Bob copying his work and it bothered him. He always took his papers away from Bob, always with a scathing comment from Bob about him doing it. His sophomore year Simon made sure he and Bob didn't room together, but they were in the same dorm so still saw each other and, surprisingly, had almost all the same classes at the same times. Simon was pretty disgusted with Bob, but wasn't quite to the point where he would purposefully hurt his feelings enough to sever ties with him completely.

The other three boys at the table looked at Simon a moment, then at Paula and Bob. Timothy, Bob's current roommate, stood up and said, "Yeah, I'm ready for a change. Let's go. The other two looked down at the table and didn't say anything. Finally, Bob and Tim left loudly.

After the two roommates left the whole atmosphere around the table changed. Don and George relaxed back into their chairs and Don said, "Damn, what's with that jerk? I've got that class, too, and I don't think the assignment's that bad. I was about to leave just to get away from him."

George, Don's roommate, said, "Yeah. He seems like a real asshole." He turned to Simon and said, "What're you going to do about helping him?"

"I don't have any plans to do very much at all. I wish I didn't know him, but I do. He thinks I'm a lot better friend than I think we are. We were roommates freshman year and I can't seem to get away from him without causing a real scene. I don't know how he does it, but more often than not he shows up wherever I am. It's almost as if he was stalking me. Many days when I'm not in class he shows up where ever I am like he did here today. Somehow, he manages to get into most of the same classes with me. I think he finds out when I take a class and changes his schedule because many times it's the second or third class meeting before I see him. 

When we were freshmen I caught him several times copying my work when we roomed together. I had to keep it hidden if we had the same class to keep it safe. He always made low grades and just barely got by then he complained about the Prof's having it in for him. Oh, well, he's gone now. Let's relax."

Simon and Don talked about the assignment off and on for a few minutes. From time to time Paula dropped by and made a comment or two. By the end of the evening Don agreed to meet them the next morning also to begin planning and researching the paper. 

The next morning all three classmates met at the library when it opened at ten. They were in a small study room discussing the assignment and making plans when the door slammed open and Bob stormed into the room. He glared at Simon and snarled, "I thought you were going to pick me up at ten? I told you I needed you to take me into town to Bill's house. Come on, we're already late. We were supposed to be there at 10:30."

A librarian walked up to Bob and said, "You need to be quiet or I will have to ask you to leave."

Bob glared at the librarian and said, "Don't sweat it. We're leaving now." He looked at Simon and said, "Well, come on. We have to get out of here."

Simon looked up at Bob and said, "No. I told you last night I needed to study. If you want to study with us, fine, but otherwise leave so we can finish studying."

"FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE," Bob yelled just before he turned and stormed across the floor.

The librarian's voice followed him. "That'll be enough of that young man. What's your name?"

Bob glared at her over his shoulder and kept on walking after he flipped her off. She turned to the three in the room and said, "Who was that rude young man? Is he a student here?"

Simon sighed and gave her the information she requested. After she left the three resumed their studies. By the time they decided to quit for the day and head out for lunch together they had a plan laid out. They each knew what the others were going to make the main point of their research. Of course, much of the research would overlap because they start at the same point, the equipment actually taken into the wilds. The divergence would come with their choices of what the settlers need to take in lieu of the equipment history showed they actually took. They agreed to meet every Saturday morning at ten to share research, ideas and to discuss the project.

As the semester progressed Simon and Paula became very good friends. They actually even sat together in class. Don usually sat with them and they, not surprisingly, had many of the same ideas and made many of the same points during class discussions. More often than not Bob cut class.

Five weeks after the assignment was made the Professor began the class discussion with a frightening request. He said, "After class I want Mr. Franklin, Miss Breckenridge and Mr. Johns to stay for a few moments."

By the time the bell rang ending the class the three friends and study companions were very nervous. It seemed to them the Professor spent almost the entire class period watching what they did and listening to everything they said to each other. They were all worried about the reason they were requested to stay after class also.

After the final student filed from the room and the door closed the Professor relaxed and sat on the corner of his desk. He looked at the students for a moment, then said, "You three seem to be of the same mind on most of the coursework. You have answered almost all the pop quiz questions the same even if your answers were not worded the same. I see you sitting together when the rest of the class spreads out more. I have seen you several times in the library studying or doing research.

"I need to remind you that this project is not a group project. You are to each write your own paper. Is that clear?"

After receiving three agreements the professor continued, "Would one of you care to enlighten me now about the reason you seem to be always together? I have checked and find most of the time you are seen in the library together you each have one of the books dealing with colonial America, or more modern tools and medicines in your case Miss Breckenridge."

Simon looked at the other three and said, "Professor, we know we have to write our own paper and do our own research. We seem to get along well together and are interested in slightly different aspects of the paper you assigned. I'm interested in farming and building things that make life easier on the farm, as well as items that would make growing food easier and more efficient. Paula is interested in medicine and household items. Don is more interested in manufacturing and transportation, although those interests do compliment mine somewhat. As I am sure you know, when you research one topic you frequently come across an item for another topic as well. We have been sharing references we discover that impact one another's topics as we research our specific interest.

"We know we will have to touch slightly on many topics in our paper but we cannot do justice to the entire universe of knowledge and equipment necessary for success in a pioneering endeavor. We will have to limit our report somewhat and key in on specific areas we feel are more important than others just to keep the paper at the 100 page limit. I am sure you will find our three reports will complement each other well and are three parts of the whole but we are not writing the reports together, sir."

Professor Sheripati looked surprised and thoughtful. He rubbed his chin and said, "That is a different approach I must say. Many times a student writes only about one specific item or group of items leaving out much that is considered necessary for a successful homestead or business in the wilderness. I have never had a group of students do what you are doing so I never thought about addressing the issue of sharing research. Most times a student talks about farming implements or cooking utensils or wood working tools and so forth, and totally ignores all the other tools and items necessary to live. If you have a good plow maybe you can turn the soil more efficiently, but if you don't have good wood cutting tools and building tools you cannot make a safe, secure place to live and may still fail. It appears you three are on the right track to produce an outstanding paper. I look forward to seeing the finished product."
