 No, I am not an avid skier, as a matter of fact, I spend more time on my ass than on my skis....

 I'm usually the one on the snowmobile destroying the trails....but not this weekend...I had a different plan, I was going up to the mountains alone and was going to take the ski class to try to actually make it down the mountain without having everyone laugh at me. 

I had already put on my skis and signed up for the class~~~I had a half hour to kill so I decided to go grab a Starbucks and check out the ladies.....I had found the snack area at the base of the mountain was a great place to see the hotties walk by in their sexy snow outfits~~~

I noticed this one MILF in particular...she was with a group of kids and another pretty good looking woman Thee were trying to organize which of the older ones were going to be in charge of which younger ones~~It was quite amusing to watch!

They finally got it worked out and most headed off while she stood with 2 younger ones apparently waiting for the same class I was.....Just a little bit embarrassing if you ask me.

She got herself a cup of coffee and the boy and girl some hot chocolate~~~Bad move, I thought to myself~~~I wasn't exactly Mr. Mom, but I've seen enough of the nieces and nephews to know that was a mistake.

I was just taking her in....she was a bit frazzled, but her face was very soft....she had a well toned body judging by the way her jumpsuit hugged it~~curves in all the right places......

She glanced my way and realized I was staring at her, but it didn't seem to bother her in the least. As a matter of fact, she seemed to give me a nice look at her ass more than once.

Whatever~~~I was actually here to learn to ski today...and hubby was probably one of the superstars at the top of the mountain or shooting the half pipe and would be bangin' the shit out of her and getting his dick sucked tonight anyway....while I jerk off to the porn channel!

About 5 minutes before the class is ready to start, the kids start whining they have to use the potty~~right on schedule I laughed to myself!

She was trying to figure out how to handle this situation and I figured I would go to the rescue..."Excuse me miss," I said with a smile, "can you direct me to the men's room? My class is about to start and my coffee wants out."

I knew exactly where it was, but let's see if she nibbles on the bait~~~

"Yeah...here too. I feel a little awkward asking, but my nephew needs to go, and you look like the fatherly type~~~would you mind making sure he is safe?? I'll wait right outside the door and I'll even make it up to you with something hot after class.........I'm done for the day after class!"

Her voice was beautiful...now that I was up close, I could see how pretty she really was.....

But fatherly?? I look FATHERLY??? Well, I may as well help out, I'll get a cup of coffee or something in 2 hours for my good deed.....I guess she was a bit young for me anyway~~~

"Sure.....c'mon son, I'll make sure you get in and out safely....never can be too careful. Just point me in the right direction please miss."

The class was just starting as we came out~~~

There was me, some woman that was old enough to be my mother who was hitting on me and a bunch of little kids. Miss tight ass found it very amusing to watch. It was actually fun though and I DID learn how to ski.

As the class ended, I saw a real bitchy lookin' cunt come our way...has to be the relief I thought and I was right. They spoke briefly, and I figured they would walk off together so I sat on a bench facing away from them, took off my stuff and figured I'd head down to the lodge and have a drink.

As I stood up, I hear her voice behind me.....

"Not too bad, just trying to brush up?"

I swung around at that beautiful voice and saw her walking up to me. Her snowsuit was now zipped down to her waist revealing a thin tank top and full breasts. 

"Alicia~~" she said as she extended her hand out to me.

"Harry," I said as I shook her hand..

She grabbed her skis, and we started towards the lodge.

"Ready for something hot, Harry?" She had a mischievous little twinkle in her eye and that sounded very much like a cock tease. And it certainly did tease mine. I think she was more than a little amused at the fact that I was now walking a little funny.

We chit chatted as we walked and I found out there were 12 kids and 4 mothers in the group and they owned a mountaintop chateaux... The husbands are in business together and all bailed on them because of some out of state emergency, so they left the wives to deal with the kids! 2 of them get the kids up and out in the morning and the other 2 do the afternoon shift. After dinner, they all hang together and party.

We hit it off and she offered to help me ski if I wanted to try skiing at the top of the mountain...she said there were some areas near their chateaux that would be OK for my skill level..

Why not.....That's why I was here this weekend......We headed up on the lift.

She led me to a large structure and said this was her place. It was huge and beautiful......she asked me if I wanted to take the tour before we hit the slope. She showed me all the rooms, a large deck AND the hot tub overlooking the mountain........I commented on the Hot Tub and she smiled broadly......

"It's really nice, so relaxing.....but no one but me enjoys it.......would you like to slip in something warm and wet instead of skiing?"

HOLY SHIT was that a loaded question........

"I'd love to...but no suit" I said with my best devilish smirk.

"No suits here in the mountains silly Harry, the ONLY way to enjoy an open air hot tub is in the buff."

She slipped out of her jumpsuit and exposed the best body I had seen in a long time.....she had no bra under that top and skimpy little panties. As she slipped everything off, I saw her full, round, natural breasts. She had the sexiest belly ring I ever saw. Then there was this hot little tattoo right above her neatly shaved pussy!

"Beautiful" was all I could say as my cock was ripping through my snow pants.

"But what if your morning helper comes home.....what will she think?"

"She was going into town shopping when she was relieved. Some find fulfillment one way, some of us another. But don't worry she'll be gone long enough!"

She turned away and walked out the sliding doors onto the deck...she turned on the pump and slipped into the tub......I hesitated a moment, but slipped off my clothes, laid them on the couch and followed her into the tub...I was sort of glad she didn't turn around and see my erection, although I don't ever think it was ever bigger or harder than at this very moment!

"Now isn't this nice Harry?" she asked with her eyes closed........"Stay under the water or you'll catch a chill~~it's nipply out here~~"

NIPPLY did she say NIPPLY???

I was just staring at her beauty.....her breasts were floating near the top of the water.....she opened her eyes and saw me staring...

"Do you want to touch them, Harry? Maybe put your mouth on my erect nipples? How about burying your face in my pussy? I had such a sex filled weekend planned for me and my hubby and he bailed.....why should I suffer......Why shouldn't someone that helped me enjoy this?"

As she said this she came close to me...she grabbed my shoulders and floated across and straddled me. She started kissing my neck and I started running my hands up and down her body~~~~She stood up on the seat and her pussy was right in front of me...I buried my face and started working my tongue all around. She positioned herself so I could slide my tongue up into her hole and she shivered each time I did. She was grinding her hips faster and faster. She let out a deep moan as she came and I heard someone shout Woo-hooo...not sure if that was just good timing or what. She slid down until she was back in the water, sitting on my legs.

"If you want to slip in, you have to move closer~~~~"

I slid to the end of my seat and she slowly slid onto my erect cock. She took a deep breath as she took me completely inside. I was leaning back, my legs stretched out and my head resting on the side of the tub. She leaned forward and whispered in my ear..."How does that feel......is it tighter then you expected? Isn't a slippery hole more thrilling than a slippery slope?"

"Uhhh-hmmmmm" was all I could get out. She felt fantastic~~~hot and tight.

She rode me like that for what felt like an hour, slowly sliding from the tip all the way in until her ass was pressing on my balls. Her feet were on either side of me and her hands were wrapped around my neck. This left my hands free to massage her breasts, to slowly roll her nipples between my fingers....I wanted to get my mouth on her nipples, to flick my tongue across them, but I could not in this position. One jet was pointed just past my balls, and must have been massaging her asshole, because every once and a while she would slide all the way down and just stay there for a moment, her body twitching at the sensation.

Two skiers passed by, their heads barely visible from the deck, but we could hear them and I'm pretty sure they could see us if they came from the right direction. "Ohhh that makes if more exciting doesn't it?" she cooed.

She slowly slid off she turned around and said she wanted to look out over the mountain while she came this time..I stood up behind her and slowly entered her..it was cold out of the water, but I didn't care, I grabbed her hips, and tried to hold onto her wet body, which added to the excitement. She started cumming and pushed against me faster..she came with a squeal, which was muffled by the snow that was now falling.......I heard that same Whoo-Hoo again.

She quickly moved from her position, leaving me standing there, my cock doing a little dance in the cold.

"I wouldn't leave you hanging, slip back in the water~~~I'll be right back"

She walked away, her ass glistening from the water.

She reappeared in a long white terrycloth robe open in the front exposing her round breasts. She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the edge of the deck, faced me out over the edge and stood close behind me, her warm body was pressed against my back. She told me to place my hands on the rail and spread my legs...I did as she asked.

She proceeded to stroke my cock with one hand and massage my balls with the other..it didn't take me long for an orgasm to overwhelm me I arched my back, pressed forward against the rail and shot my load over the edge of the deck with a loud grunt, again, I heard that Whoo-Hoo.

She stroked me a few more times and then asked softly if that felt good.

"Oh yea, but what's that Whoo-hoo I keep hearing"

"I didn't hear anything Harry. Here, come sit here near the edge of the tub."

She slipped back in the water and started licking my cock and balls. I looked down and she seemed to be loving what she was doing. Her tongue was flicking all around, she was taking me deep down her throat. Her hands were massaging my balls. She had me on the verge of another orgasm in minutes.....as I was about to explode, she grabbed my shaft with one hand and with the other she grabbed my balls and pulled down...it felt as if my whole body was cumming...I felt it from the tip of my toes to the top of my head....I soaked her tits with cum as if I hadn't cum in a month and she enjoyed the show.

Again, I heard it~~~~Whoo-Hooo....

Alicia told me to get dressed and went into the house I got dressed she came out in a sweatshirt that showed off her belly piercing and sweatpants rolled down so far it just barely cover her well trimmed bush~~~

She walked me out to my skis and told me just to stay to the left, it sloped down slow that way I would be OK. She kissed me deeply and then said

"And those Whoo-Hoos..they were for both of us, my husband loves a live porn show. Now he'll be down from his tree stand in a few minutes and he'll be so horny he'll fuck me harder than you did. If you were exciting enough for him, you'll get an invite to the party tomorrow night, he'll let me know....But don't look for me with my neighbor's kids...I'll find you."