 Lord Gideon Elrik sat at the ornate table in his grand hall. He was at home, which was odd considering he spent as much time away from his Keep as possible. But duty dictated that for a few weeks at a time he must come home, survey the lands, deal with the taxes, and associate with his wife. 

His wife was the main reason that he did not enjoy these visits home, Helena was...difficult. Oh she was pretty enough, with long blonde hair and ivy colored eyes, she was indeed lovely to look at. At first she had even been wonderful to be with. She had been demure, artistic, and seemed honorable enough. It took him only until their wedding night to realize the mistake that he had made. Helena was as cold as they came. She had lain there, impassive and unresponsive as he touched her. Her only speech had been "Hurry" As much as he would have liked to have believed those words to be lustful...he realized that she just wanted it to be over and no amount of cajoling could persuade her mood to be otherwise. The first few weeks of their marriage Gideon had tried to coach his wife into passion...but he was met with a brick of ice. 

It was nearly 3 years later, and since those first weeks he had taken to her bed only twice. Both times had been as bad, truthfully worse, as that first time She had seemed so unwilling that he'd gone limp before his pleasure could be had. It had been awkward...and depressing.

So there they sat, staring at their plates, and ignoring one another except to ask for this or that. They made very small talk about the goings on of the manor, Ragnor Keep was a wealthy home favored for its high mineral content and favorable training grounds for the armies. Inwardly Gideon sighed. He could not fault Helena for keeping the manor running, she did it very well, but it was done with that icy efficiency of the confidently emotionless. For what seemed like the millionth time he wondered where he went wrong. 

He finished off his roast, pushing his plate away. He stood bowing to her, she replied with an inclination of the head. He paused for a moment as they began their final ritual of the night. 

"Will my lord seek out my chambers this night?" 

"No Helena, I am weary and seek rest." 

He turned and he heard her let out a sigh of relief that brought an ache to his chest. Where had he gone wrong?

~

"You could divorce her." came the flat voice of Aden, Gideon's cousin. They sat across from one another in the den of his Keep. They drank a dark brew from horned cups and talked of whatever came to mind.

"No...she's of the catholic law...they don't do that." 

Aden sighed and shook his head, "I told you before you married her...you should have found a woman of the Old Way. Fierce...wild...passionate...and beautiful." Aden leaned back with a pleased smile.

"Not all of them are as wonderful as your Eulewyn..." Gideon lifted his glass in salute to his cousin's fair and wonderful wife.

"No, not all of them, but you would have been better off." 

Gideon would have argued if he hadn't had the sneaking suspicion that he was right. Gideon had loved his wife once...loved her so much he had thrown aside his own beliefs and married her. And it had all been for naught. 

"Why don't you come back with me...you can stay at Loch Burach for a few weeks...maybe find a woman who strikes your fancy to keep you warm for a few nights." 

Gideon shook his head. "I am pledged..." 

"How will you ever get sons off of a woman who can't even slake your lusts?" 

Once again Gideon had no answer. 

~

Night after night for two weeks Gideon sat across from Helena at diner, and stayed from her bed. On the eve before his departure he woke in his own bed...alone and needy...at first he started to relieve himself...rubbing the hard cock with his hand...thinking of having a woman above him...someone wild and passionate...like the tribeswomen of the north. He could almost feel her round hips in his hands....full and soft as she rode him...

No...he should not thinking of other women...he had a wife...he should be with her. He threw on his robe and made his way to his wife's chambers...only to hear from the hall that they were not occupied by his wife alone. 

He stood in the hallway...unsure of where to go...what to do...he though for a moment that he should be angry, furious even. But he couldn't seem to find the heart for it. Years had passed between them without affection. Why should this matter now? 

When the door opened he watched the figure come from the room hooded...pausing at the door he heard the sounds of a goodnight kiss and the robed figure walking away....he thought for a moment that he might leave her be...but no. He wanted answers. 

"Is that the reason you did not wish me in your bed?" He called stepping forward. Helena jumped guiltily.

It seemed for a moment she could not speak. Finally she bowed her head in shame "Yes..."

"Did you ever love me?" 

Another pause...this one longer. "I thought I did...but..." 

"But it passed..." He finished for her. 

She nodded and looked up. "I am...sorry..." 

He turned from her. "Me too." 

~

Aden passed another drink to Gideon. "You've been here...moping for weeks! You admit you don't love the woman, and that she doesn't love you...yet you've taken no other to your bed." 

Gideon shrugged and drank from his cup. "I don't know what to tell you, cousin...none have struck my fancy, some are beautiful, and willing enough, I'm sure...but they...they don't...." Gideon waved his hand in a dismissing gesture. 

Aden shrugged and finished his cup, "Ah, well...can't please them all. Ahhh...Aria...." 

Gideon turned around to see who had come in the door...and felt his mouth go a little dry. She stood in the doorway, the light from the hearth fire making her look like some sort of pagan witch. Her skin was the color of the palest peach...and looked just as soft. Her hair was unbound and laid about her shoulders in a straight glistening wave of rich brown. She had a bow slung across her back tucked into a handmade quiver of arrows. Her outfit was doeskin breeches...form fitting, stretched tight across full round hips. Her shirt was a mans shirt, loose and billowy, but the firelight struck it and made parts transparent to show that nothing beneath the clothing was masculine. 

Aden didn't miss the look his cousin gave Aria, and he smirked *finally* he thought to himself. Aria was a bit to masculine for him, but perhaps...perhaps for Gideon she might be good. 

"Gideon, this is Aria, Eulewyn's sister. She was at the wedding...but younger then." 

He saw recognition pass over his cousins features. "The scrawny bridesmaid?" He exclaimed before he could stop himself. 

Aria gave him an angry look.

"Sorry...I just mean...I meant not offense." 

She sighed and shrugged, "It was the truth I guess...still..."

*wonderful....nice going Gideon...real well done* Aden shook his head and smiled. 

"Aden?" 

All three turned and saw the pretty woman in the doorway. She resembled Aria, the same soft colored skin and bright eyes...but her hair was thicker, darker and lush with waves. Aden smiled. He was indeed proud of his wife.

"Aria! You're back!" Eulewyn pushed forward and flung her arms around her sisters shoulders. "I'm so glad...you'd been away for so long." 

"It was two weeks, hunting's been a bit thin." 

"You're a hunter?" Gideon asked. 

"Hmm...well being so scrawny I had to find some trade I was good at." She gave him a wink to show she was teasing. Gideon smiled back. And a look past between the two of them everyone noticed. Aden took his wife's hand and stood from his seat. 

"Well...I'm fatigued...and now Aria is here, perhaps she can keep our brooding guest company." 

Aria shrugged, "I'll be up a while yet...go...keep my sister warm." 

Aden pulled his wife to him. "I aim to do so..." 

Eulewyn raised her brow and smiled. "Hmmm..." And with that they scuttled off to the bedroom. 

~

"Have you been matchmaking?" Eulewyn accused as soon as they were alone in their room. 

Aden gave a wide eyed look, "Me? No...that's a woman's job. I've been setting them up." 

She rolled her eyes and laughed. "You can call it what you like, but you've been playing cupid." She placed her arms around him, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. "It makes sense mind you, sweet in a away, but still...you could have told me." 

"Honestly the thought didn't cross my mind till she walked in, but...well, they aren't what's on my mind right now..." He let his hand drift down the length of her back over the firm roundness of her ass. "I've got other activities on my mind..." 

"Oh?" She said coyly. "What might those be?" 

He tilted her chin up brushing his lips over hers in a feather light way. "I plan on keeping my wife warm...I've been coming to bed so late." 

She nodded, "Yes, I'm aware...wondered if you even wanted to come to my bed anymore." 

He smiled and swooped her up in his arms, carrying her newlywed style to the bed. "Shall I prove it then? Prove how I've longed for the warmth of my pretty Eulewyn's body?" He laid her back and nuzzled her breasts through the layers of winter dresses she wore. He frowned, "You know...all these petticoats and chemises...and all those fancy words you've got for dresses and the shit that goes under them do get in the way. Aria has a bit of sense and wears something practical." 

She gave him a mean look, "Would you rather have her in your bed then?" 

"Gods no! She'd kill me." 

"Oh?" She asked spitefully, pulling away, "Well if that's the only thing..."

He half laughed, "Pleasing as the idea is to have two lovely women in my bed...you would kill me for enjoying it...and she'd kill me for betraying you...then she'd flay me...and you'd cook me up as a stew...now...quit your girlish jealousy and come over here...I said I'm going to get you warm I mean it.." 

She smirked..."No...I don't think so." 

He heard the teasing tone and licked his lips, "You plan on making me beg woman?" 

"No...but you'll have to catch me." 

He lunged forward grabbed for her ankle, she gave a little squeak and rolled away. "Quick little minx aren't you?" He said moving towards her again. 

She smiled leaning forward so he could see the heavy swell of her breasts pressing to the top of her dress. "Come and get me...if you want me." She skittered off the bed and lunged to the side as he made a grab for her. She made quite a game of it...moving just in time...slipping from his clutches just as he caught an ankle...an arm...it made him think of darker things...of wilder things. Her womanly form prone just for him...She made a dash for the door...a dumb move.

He grabbed her and pinned her against the stone of the wall. "I'd planned on taking you gentle-like my love...but you've gone and made my heart race...made me work for you. I plan on having my prize now." 

She gave him a dark look...one hand unlacing her bodice letting her plentiful tits spring forth. "Did you now?" 

He gripped her ass sliding her higher so that his face were planted in her lush mounds. "Such large breasts you have. Like ripe melons." He took one nipple sucking it into his mouth and shaking his head back and forth like an animal. The mounds shook wildly and she gasped. He teased his teeth over the rough pointed tip of her nipple biting gently.

"Aden!" 

"Do you want me to stop?" 

She shook her head, "No...no I don't." 

He gave a devilish smile and pinned her body with his hips, pressing her breasts together till her nipples almost touched. He growled and suckled them both. 

"Ohhh Aden....Aden that feels wonderful!" 

"Does it?" He smiled and slipped his hand beneath her skirts. He frowned feeling the barrier of cloth that covered her womanhood, and ripped them away...tearing them to shreds. "You wont be needing those." He slammed his fingers inside of her...finding her wet and tight. He pulled his fingers from her feeling his digits slide out with a soft 'pop'. "You do don't you....you like feeling my mouth on your tits." 

She nodded, "Yes....I've missed it." 

"Do you know what I've missed?" 

She shook her head and he guided her down the wall till she was kneeling before him, "I've missed how your tongue feels on my shaft when you take me in your mouth." 

She licked her lips as he slid his breeches down his legs revealing a half cocked member. She smiled at the sight of him. Even not full erect he was endowed, a long thick rod that made her womanhood clench with need. She drew her tongue down the shaft, lapping playfully. "Like that?" 

"More...." He said leaning his head against the wall as she teased. 

She rolled her tongue over the tip, sucking on the sensitive end gently at first. She took the base of him in her hand and slid as much of his member as she could handle into her mouth 

"Yes...yes my wife, like that..." 

She smiled and began to bob her head along his shaft, sucking hard. She paused, and decided to show the new trick she'd learned. She released her hand, tilted her head back and slid him down her throat. She took every last inch of his long member into the warm wetness of her mouth. 

"Eulewyn!" He cried out at the new sensation. "How..." 

She groaned her throat vibrating around his shaft as she picked up speed...he reached his hands down gripping them in her hair both to guide her speed and to keep her from bumping her head against the stone. He felt his member throb in her mouth, and the little whimper she made told him she'd felt it too. He pulled her off his shaft and dragged her back up the wall. Pinning her once again with his hips. But now his naked cock pressed between her nether lips. 

"You've been naughty while I've been away..." 

"A book..." she said by way of reply. 

"Reading naughty books while I've been away. Do I not please you?" He said with a smirk. 

"I want to please you..." She replied rubbing herself against him. He slid her skirt up her thighs and smiled. 

"You do please me, my wife..." He rolled his hips rubbing his firm length against the sensitive nub of her clit. Her eyes fluttered and she wiggled against him, trying to slide him in. He smiled and pulled her higher. She slid down impaling herself slowly on his mammoth rod. She stretched around him. Her tight sheath unused to him. He worked slowly...easing her tightness, moving slowly in and out till she began to moan. 

"That's it....that's it..." He said feeling her loosen around him. 

She groaned and wrapped her legs tightly around him as he moved faster. She quivered, her tits bouncing as he began to loose himself in the hot wet sensation of her pussy. "God...Aden YES! Give it to me....more...I want more..." 

"As my lady wishes..." He pulled himself out of her and turned her around till her cheek pressed the cold wall. He grabbed her hips and lifted her from the ground holding her up as he rammed into her from behind. 

"GAHHH!" She cried out feeling him slide into that deepest place...it was almost to much...she wiggled, arching herself and the sensation changed...he was rubbing somewhere else now...against that swollen rough spot deep inside. "Aden....there...right there....right THERE!" She screamed out as she felt herself clench tightly around him, her pussy vibrating as she came hard and fast around him. 

"That's it....fuck..." He groaned feeling himself throb in response, she was so slippery...so hot...his member swelled, and that hot rush came over him as he spewed his thick ropes of cum deep inside her. Over and over again he released in a wave of heat. 

They lay together afterwards, legs to limp to make it to the bed. "I love you.." He whispered. 

She curled against him and smiled, a tad sore...but happy, "I love you too..."