 I'd like to apologize for the long time between uploads. My internet has been shut down at home, and it's a little awkward going into the local Starbucks to upload porn. Hope you enjoy this chapter, and like always, feedback and comments are greatly appreciated.



Kelly's mind reeled at the realization of what happened. A Wrongful Acquisition, one of the rarest occurring crimes on the planet, carried one of the worst penalties there was. How could she have screwed up so badly? If the Dairy Regulation Board found out about this, she'd be stripped of all rank and sent to the R&D department to become a guinea pig for various experiments in fertility and output. She remembered Sarah, mind completely gone, her body turned into a living fountain of sexual fluids. No way in hell she was going to become like that. She'd made her mind up right then to get the hell out of Dodge as soon as she could.

Unfortunately for her, Linda had already locked the one door and was flicking the air bubbles out of a syringe. "You're not thinking of going anywhere are you, Kelly? We all know what this could bring down on us. And I'm sorry, but when it comes down to me and you, well, it's been nice knowing you, babe. Mary, grab her." A stunned Kelly was suddenly wrapped up in the unbelievably strong arms of her boss, and watched in horror as Linda took the syringe and shot its contents into her arm, sending a chill across her body. 

She thrashed about as hard as she could, finally breaking free of her traitorous employer, and sprinted for the door, unlocking it and running down the hall as fast as she could run. She only got about 50 feet before the drugs started to take effect; her muscles ached and her body felt sluggish and heavy. At the same time, an itch was building deep in her pussy, slowing her down even more. The drugs she had been shot up with were taking their full effects now, sending her body into heat. Her legs gave out under her and she fell forward, landing on hands and knees, mind reeling under the new feelings of submission and the desire to be mounted and fucked by anyone and everyone. 

A farmhand walked out of a nearby stable just then to see the naked dickgirl writhing in the middle of the hallway. Concerned, she jogged over. "Hey, are you alright?" Kelly looked at her with pure lust in her eyes, body covered in sweat. "Fuck me, please! Can't...unh... control my body...need to be taken! Ahh! Mount me...oohh...make me your bitch!" The farmhand was completely turned on, even though she had just fucked one of the cowgirls not minutes ago, and obliged the desperate woman. 

She walked behind her, admiring and massaging her amazing ass, pulled her rapidly hardening cock out, and slowly slid it in to Kelly's dripping snatch.

Fireworks were going off behind Kelly's eyes as inch after amazing inch slid in to her spasming cunt, ending in an amazing orgasm when the lucky farmhand finally bottomed out all 9 inches. The two of them were completely lost to each other then, humping away in the middle of the hall, no shred of dignity or shame left. The pair inevitably drew the attention of several other farmhands, and with a little adjusting, her mouth and ass were also filled. Kelly, due to the drugs, was in heaven and had completely forgotten about why she had run in the first place. Her two bosses meanwhile, stood back from the throng of naked farmhands waiting their turn, contemplating their next moves.

"You know what has to be done, right Linda? This can never be spoken of again, mentioned, anything. If the regulations board ever found out about this, we'd be in just as much trouble, if not more. I'm going back to my office to make some calls and tweak some files. When they finish having their fun, get one of the farmhands to help you take the two of them down to the Lab."

"Yes ma'am. I do have a question though: What about the farmhand that helps me? I mean, if she helps, she's going to know something's up. It's only obvious that the less people that know, the better."

Mary looked over at the ring of farmhands, all of them naked and stroking their cocks while waiting their turn, and looked back at Linda. "It's unfortunate that it must come to this, but whoever helps you must also be silenced. After you take the now non-existent cowgirl and pilot down to their cells, give your little helper this." Mary slipped a small capsule into Linda's front pocket, "It's a little something I've been working on with some of the girls down in R&D. This will make sure she's too distracted to say or do anything."

"Okay boss, I'll get to it. If anybody asks where she went, I'll tell them she was fired for stealing the product. I'll get started hiring a replacement farmhand after I'm finished. Shouldn't be too hard, what with the hundred or so applications I get per month."

"Exactly. I guess at least let them have their fun until the drugs wear off of Kelly, which should be another hour or so, then get started. I expect a report as soon as it's finished. In person, by the way, never know who could be eaves dropping the comm lines."

With that, Mary walked calmly off as if nothing was going on, and headed back for her office. Meanwhile, the orgy surrounding Kelly was in full swing. Those not currently fucking the delirious pilot were busy playing with each other. One of the perks of the job of being a farmhand was upon hiring, each of the dickgirls were given procedures to permanently increase their sexual stamina and responsiveness. When your job requires you to have sex fifteen or twenty times a day, it comes in handy. 

Linda spotted the unlucky girl that would help her out. She was sandwiched between two other farmhands, who were pistoning out of her twat and ass alternating thrusts. Linda walked over, unsnapping the fly of her overalls, and unceremoniously shoved her cock into the girls mouth, who started sucking with gusto. The orgy lasted for almost two hours, and when everyone cleared out, Kelly was practically glued to the floor by all the cum. Linda shot her load down the farmhands throat, then helped her up, keeping her hand on the girls wrist.

"Hey, wait up a second," She looked down to her ID stud "Stacie, I need an extra pair of hands for a minute. Could you help me out?"

"Sure thing, boss. What's up?" Stacie said, cleaning herself up as best she could and getting dressed again.

"I just need your help getting her," Linda pointed to Kelly, "and one cowgirl over to the lab for some blood work. Shouldn't take but maybe an hour."

"Yeah, no problem. What room is the cowgirl in? I'll go get her."

Linda told her, then went over to a booth at the end of the hall and unwound a hose, which she then used to spray down the area, washing away any evidence that anything had occurred. After that, she went and grabbed a stretcher, wheeled it over to the passed out Kelly, and lifted her on to it, strapping her down in case she woke up. Not a minute later, Stacie was pushing Karla on a similar stretcher and the two made their way out.

As they were stepping outside of the stables, Stacie turned to Linda.

"Ma'am, if you don't mind me asking, there's a question I've always wanted to ask."

"Sure, what is it?" Linda silently hoping it wouldn't be about what they were about to do.

"Well, I've been working here for about two years now, and I've loved every minute of it, but I've always wondered why all the cowgirls are from offworld. I mean, why can't we be used as cowgirls?"

"Actually, that's not a bad question, and the answer is kind of simple. Humans, as in Earth humans, when given a specially mixed blend of drugs, hormones, and modified DNA, create a special mix of proteins in their milk and cum. The side effect of the injections is it turns them into the cowgirls that you know today."

"Okay, so what would happen if one of us was given the same treatment?"

"We tried this once, and the results weren't the same. The test subject, an old coworker of mine named Nancy, became helplessly addicted to her own semen, and died of dehydration and exhaustion two weeks after injection."

"Oh damn."

"Yeah, ever since then, experimentation has only been administered to specially selected prisoners who volunteer. Needless to say, we don't get many volunteers."

"I guess not, but back to the cowgirls. What do we need their milk and sperm for? You know what I mean?"

"It's used as ingredients for several drugs, it's also used as a nutritional supplement in foods. But mostly, they're used for breeding purposes. Centuries ago, a plague was released which almost completely neutralized our ability to reproduce. Before the cowgirls came around, the average birthrate was only a few thousand per year. Afterwards though, birthrates have climbed exponentially. Does that answer your question, Stacie?"

"Yes ma'am, it does. Thanks for telling me. And what do you know, we're here."

'oh you poor thing, if you had any clue, you'd have run screaming' Linda thought to herself.

The two of them made their way inside the non-assuming building with a quick code in a keypad from Linda, and proceeded down to an elevator. Stepping inside, Stacie was surprised to see as many buttons as there were. The building was only four stories tall, but had eight basement levels.

"Hit 8, please, and when asked, type 1,2,3,4,5 on the keypad." Linda said casually.

"1,2,3,4,5? THAT'S the code?"

"I know right? You'd think that an experimental, top-secret, clandestine operation would have a stronger password."

"But, that's the kind of code an idiot puts on his-"

"I know, I know. Look if it makes you feel any better, I didn't decide on that."

Rolling her eyes, Stacie punched in the code, firing up the elevator, and sent them down into the ground.

When the doors opened again, there was only a white hallway stretching away in front of them, doors lining each side with block numbers on each one. From inside a couple of them, various sounds could be heard, mostly of the sexual variety. Stacie kept her eyes forward, not wanting to think of what was going on, wanting to be done with this and back in the stables. They made their way quietly down the hall, Kelly and Karla still unconscious on their respective stretchers, until they reached an open door. Linda walked inside, followed quickly by Stacie. 

The room had a single bed on one side, sink and toilet on the other, and two vents on the ceiling. While Stacie's back was turned, Linda slipped out the capsule Mary had given her.

"Okay, Mrs. Linda I think that should do it. I'm gonna head back to the stables now. Oh, do I need to put the code in to-MMPFHH!!" Linda covered her mouth from behind with her hand, slipping the pill in.

"I'm sorry that it had to come to this, but it's just how it has to be. Now swallow like a good girl should."

Stacie was wild in fear and was determined not to swallow whatever had been shoved in her mouth. She wasn't expecting it at all when Linda reached around started stroking the girls cock though her shorts. Caught completely off guard, she uncontrollably gulped down the pill, eyes widening with fear. She was thrashing desperately to get away from her backstabbing boss, but it was too late. Her body was responding to the hand job, hips jerking uncontrollably. A tear slid down her cheek as Linda's hand moved away from her mouth to get her shorts off.

"Ooh, you bitch. Nnnhh...what did I do? Was it something I said?"

"No, nothing you said or did, love. You just had the rotten luck of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. But not to worry, it isn't all that bad. At least, it shouldn't be." With that, Linda picked up the pace on Stacie's cock, twisting a nipple with her free hand.

Stacie's body arched back, eyes rolling in her head, as she blew her load into Linda's open hand. That hand was then placed in her open mouth, where she couldn't help but clean off the cum soaked fingers. As soon as she was done, Linda withdrew both her hands, letting the dazed girl fall to the floor in a heap, ass in the air as she slipped into unconsciousness. Linda knelt down, taking the girls hands and binding them behind her knees, locking her in that position. 

Looking around, she spotted a studded vibrator, grabbed it, turned it on, pulled her shorts the rest of the way down, inserted it, and pulled her shorts back up, keeping the vibrator locked in to her cunt.

Linda stood up, watching as Stacie's unconscious body was shaking from the vibrator. All told, from the time she had picked her mark to now, twenty minutes had passed. In that time, on the other side of the facility, Mary had been busy altering, modifying, and deleting files in the company database to cover up their tracks. Linda shut the door behind her, the three girls inside now oblivious to their surroundings, and walked back to the elevator. She got in, a small smile on her face as she hit the main floor button. 

From there it took another ten minutes to get to Mary's office.

"Everything is done ma'am. Our three little problems have been taken care of. What now?"

Mary leaned forward, resting her head on her fists. What she had just done over the past half hour would put her away for centuries in a maximum security prison. And once she got out, she'd be sent to some company's lab, to be used as a guinea pig. She had lived by the motto, 'Two people can keep a secret if one of them is dead.' It was a shame, honestly. Linda had such an amazing ass.

"Perfect. Now, as for one final loose end..."

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

I want to say that Chapter 5 is well on it's way to being done, but unfortunately for me and all of you, I have run head first into a wall of writers block. I've got all these ideas, but no clue how to string them together. Because of that, any suggestions for events are greatly appreciated along with the usual scathing feedback about your and you're, space travel, and everything else. Until next time, peace and chicken grease.