 Author's Note: Blame my Yahoo friend laurel for this one. Somehow, we were discussing penis pumps one day. I had fiddled with a penis pump for awhile, and mentioned how it felt like a weird milking sensation. Laurel and her demented imagination basically took it from there. Basically she spoke about a guy being milked everyday for his cum with a device like a pump. Well, my mind, being just as demented, took that idea and ran with it, making a few modifications. The following tale is what came out. Let me know what ya think.

*

Through the blinds of the bedroom, sunlight poured in swiftly as dawn gave way to the sun taking over the sky. Jenny Maester's eyes twitched and opened to a squint. She shook her head and rose off her stomach to her hands and knees, then turned and flopped back down on the mattress on her rear. Her dark green eyes blinked, struggling with the brightness as a soft yawn escaped her full lips. The warm sunlight shone off her face, making her creamy-pale naked flesh seem to glow. 

Her legs stretched out in front of her before she planted her feet on the hardwood floor of her home and stood straight up. Her bed was in disarray, but she shrugged and left it as was, stepping out of her bedroom. She stretched her arms above her head, her hands catching the doorbeam. Her hips arched forward a bit as she stretched her arms and back. Her fine fingers opened and closed repeatedly as she turned into her washroom.

The spray of steamy hot water from the shower soaked her skin, and the warm water rolling down her flesh felt exquisite. She bowed her head, letting the water soak into her wavy black hair, humming to herself cheerily. Reaching for a bottle of specially scented body wash, she flipped open the top and the smell of lavender filled her senses as she began scrubbing her form. Deftly she washed her frame, sudsy water rolling between her heavy, soft breasts, both of them hanging like great pendulums as she bent to wash her hard, powerful thighs and calves. A gentle purr vibrated her throat as she rinsed herself, wisps of steam rising from her flesh as the hot water washed away the suds, then stepped out to dry herself off.

She took gentle care brushing her hair, slowly stroking the stiff brush through her dark mane. She wanted make sure everything about her appearance and smell was perfect. With her hair neat and in order, she stepped back into her bedroom, opening her chest of drawers and quickly locating a box of forearm length rubber gloves. Next to the box was a bottle of vanilla flavored massage oil. 

"He loves that scent so much," she thought to herself. "It always makes me think of him too ... "

Jenny was constantly busy and hard working, employed by a grocery store franchise's marketing committee. She was successful and quite a creative genius, but was still in need of that lil something to push her over the edge and into true success and riches.

As she stretched rubber gloves tightly over her agile hands, she strode down the hallway toward a heavy wooden door. Pushing it open, she stepped onto a small landing above a long wooden staircase leading down into her basement. Five large, tightly sealed glass jars lined a near wall, and she gathered them into her arms and stepped carefully down the stairwell, which led into a large, wide open room with a low ceiling and deep brown carpeting. Ceiling high bookshelves filled with all manner of book lined the walls.

Her eyes swung to the far right corner of the room. A large, cozy bed with thick comforter blankets sat there, and laying atop it, was the beautiful young man she had made all these preparations for. His tall, slender, sinewy frame was pale like hers, but much more solid. He laid on his side, his thick, long blonde mane ruffled and pooled around his head and neck and behind him. A long chain trailed off the far side of the bed, and was hooked securely into the wall, the other end attached to a hard leather collar about his neck.

Laying against his curled leg though, was an enormous, powerful length of flesh, his cock, resting. His heavy balls stretched his sac downward as they hung and laid cozily on the mattress. The head, bulbous and round, seemed swollen in comparison to the rest of the shaft.

"You delicious stud ... " she sighed as she admired his sleeping form.

His breathing as he slept was deep, and his closed eyes showed quick darting movement. One arm rested folded beneath his head, the other clutched an over sized pillow. His cock twitched noticeably as she moved closer. Somehow, through some miracle or mutation of the Goddess, this young man had been blessed with an immense set of genitalia, and through that awesome cannon of manhood, could produce an ungodly, untold amount of semen in single orgasms. This hyper productive stud, her most beloved and cherished, was her way to a life free of worry, and the rest of the world.

Jenny shuddered, a chill traveling up her spine. She quietly sat the jars down near the bed, and then raised one of her legs up and onto the bed, standing so her cunt, its soft, moist pink flesh open and exposed, was roughly a few inches above her stud's face. Her hand slid down to her clit and began rubbing, pinching and rolling the tiny nub viciously, her eyes running all over his naked form, stopping at that gorgeous, twitching member. Her body tensed as she felt herself getting wetter. She kept masturbating faster and faster, her free hand swimming through the golden strands of his hair.

She exhaled hard and started panting as she felt cum soaking her fingertips, running down her fingers and dripping down onto the face of her love. She glanced down, biting her lower lip, then smiling as she saw his gentle light blue eyes open and swing up to her face. He inhaled deeply the scent of his beloved's cunt and scooted his head directly beneath her dripping flow of fluid. His manhood twitched and shuddered and began to straighten and fill out as her juices rolled down his tongue and into his body.

"It's milking day, my sweet one," she whispered to him.

"I always look forward to this, my Goddess," he answered in a serene, warm voice.

Jenny's grin widened as she stepped back from the bed. She watched as he pulled his knees up against his chest, and then parted them outward, his hands splaying behind him as he leaned back slightly. The mighty length of flesh, heavy, thick and smooth, jutted from his hips, not yet completely hard as the gorgeous head pointed down towards the floor. He flexed the muscle of his crotch hard and the giant slab swung upwards, pointed at an angle towards her. Jenny grinned at the offering, her property's inviting eyes and smile turning her on and making her feel most adored and worshipped.

She knelt down on the soft carpeting, unscrewing the bottle of oil and pouring a generous portion over her gloved hands, rubbing them together till they were slippery and warm. Her eyes stayed focused on his face; she didn't want to miss his reactions to what she was about to do. Her hands wrapped about root of his monstrous member, not gripping tightly, and began a slow upward stroke. Inch by inch her hands travelled along the tower, her touch full of care and adoration. They reached the outer ridge, the head bulging angrily as she squeezed just a bit at the very top of this lively mountain of a cock. She felt giddy as his head bowed and his eyes closed, his lips quivering with a breathy moan.

"He's immensely fertile," she thought to herself as she continued. "Just one jar full of his cum can keep a sperm bank in business for monthes, and his sperm is of the very highest quality."

She continued the slow stroking, relishing the ridges of the many constantly pulsing veins that arced about his shaft. His breathing was deep and loud, and his blood was pumping fast. She had no desire to hurry though; she was thoroughly entranced by this wondrous slab of manhood. This could not, would not ever get old. Her hands and fingers made beautiful love to him, her soft coos and whispers of encouragement making him swell and grow till it towered straight up, the gorge of a slit at the tip nearly level with it's the young man's face.

"Truth be told, I'd much rather drink from his fountain then bottle it and sell it."

She rose to her feet and cupped both hands over twitching crown of his cock, lovingly rubbing and petting the fierce red head. He hissed and gritted his teeth, leaning back farther as his head tilted up, his wild eyes peering up to her. Her stomach knotted and her legs quivered a bit with those pleading, frantic eyes upon her. She rubbed faster against the taut knob of flesh, the oils mixing with the flow of precum that oozed from him. Her fingertips flitted back and forth over his slit, opening and closing it repeatedly, strumming it as if she expected some wonderful music to come forth.

She slipped her lips, then her mouth over the deliciously warm head. The stud moaned, his hands gripping the sheets of his bed tightly. She took a moment to enjoy the tart smoothness of his precum as it soaked her tongue, indeed, there was no debating its fine flavor. Her tongue lapped and circled his tip adoringly, and he shook and shuddered all over. Jenny straightened herself, and with began to push as the head bulged against the entrance to her throat. She twisted from side to side ... she knew she could make it fit, but it was never easy.

At last, it slipped in, a penetration of utmost pleasure, her throat stretched so very wide that her hands seized the stump-like root of his cock, holding on as she nearly screamed. The orgasm was sudden, in perfect time with the fullness in her throat. Her hips swayed, her pussy was starved, cum drooling like a rabid beast from deep within her. Her toes curled, gripping the fibers of the carpet as she continued the slow push down his mammoth cock. The way her throat was being stretched, the uncontrollable pleasure that was shooting up and down her spine and all through her. The jolts were eventually coursing straight to her cunt, forcing more cum to spill forth from her.

She continued down, the ungodly fullness in her throat leaving her whole body twitching. She hadn't orgasmed yet, but it was taking every last ounce of concentration and focus to keep from doing so. Her beloved was nearly losing control too, as her fell on his back, his fists balled tightly, clutching the sheets of his bed. She was a few inches from having taken half of him deep within her throat and it was indeed her limit, she could go no further. Listening to the sounds he was making, he almost sounded as if he was in tears, groaning, there was indeed a deep agony to go along with the ecstasy. He wanted this to last forever, wanted to stay buried within her and never know anything but the pleasure of her what her body could give him.

Her eyes closed and she pulled the walls of her throat tighter. Her hands wandered down to his enormous hanging balls, each roughly the size and shape of lemons, each incredibly warm, pulsing slightly. Her hands cupped them; their heat was intense, easily felt through her gloves. She rubbed and massaged them, giving a good squeeze to each occasionally. He could feel his balls beginning to tighten. Jenny could feel it too. She willed her throat to work faster, tighter, and her fingers worked over his balls fiercely. She left his balls just long enough to pull the jars closer. She twisted her body to one side, then the other, wanting to feel his cock from ever possible angle against every inch of her throat.

"I-I'm close," he groaned. "I can feel it ..... almost ......"

Jenny gave one last tug with her throat and quite slowly pulled away, lifting herself completely from his member, which now dripped with a thick coat of his cum and her saliva. A gout of the same saliva-cum mixture spilled from her lips and down her breasts and stomach. She carefully pulled him to his feet, wrapping one hand tightly around the head of his cock, and moving behind him, placing her feet hard on the floor as he braced himself against her. Her other arm held him and hugged him to her adoringly. 

"Show me all the wonderful cum you have for me, sweetness," she whispered in a breathy tone. "Show me how good you feel, how much you love to be milked like this."

She kissed the side of his neck and her hand began milking his cock, stroking it tightly and pulling it incredibly hard. Almost immediately she could feel his seed surging up the shaft. A scream filled the air and the first huge spurt of thick, lava hot ivory tinted cum flowed forth, shooting into the jar. The stream lasted a few seconds, and he screamed the whole time, his hands digging into Jenny's thighs. That one stream alone filled the jar almost halfway, but Jenny knew the show wasn't over yet.

To Jenny it was the most beautiful spectacle she had ever seen, to witness an orgasm on that level of intensity and producing that much cum. The second stream came, and filled the first jar to near overflowing. She quickly guided his aim to another empty jar, and yet another rocket of thick, fresh sperm blasted into the empty jar. Jenny merely watched in awe, clutching her thighs tightly, trying desperately to ignore the violent spasms of her needy cunt. She just continued to guide this man's mighty orgasm.

Finally, the blasts stopped, and a few thick dollops fell, splashing the carpet where a good deal of Jenny's cum had already fell. The 5 jars were all full to the brim. Still holding him tight, she guided him back to his bed, laying him down comfortably. 

"So lovely ...." she whispered as she caressed his face, drawing a gentle whimper from him. "You're so beautiful ... a deity of sex and fertility, I swear." He managed a weak laugh. His eyes were glazed with exhaustion as his breathing slowly fell back to normal.

Jenny's eyes fell to the jars of his cum sitting of the floor. Their edges dripped with his fluid. Her core pulled tighter than ever, and she could no longer ignore the spasms threatening to snap her sanity. Kneeling on the floor, she took the fullest jar and upended it over her head, tilting back and opening her mouth to accept the downpour of still-hot semen across her body. It filled her mouth, fresh, its musky-sweet flavor engulfing her senses. It pooled in her mouth and she gulped it down, drinking deeply on the seed. It cascaded over her breasts, through their valley, the burning hot stickiness clinging to her nipples and flesh. 

Her pussy drew tight, tighter, and as the cum rolled over her thighs, it pulled too tight and seemed to double over itself, a massive, almost painful orgasm raging from within her. It flowed from her continually for a good minute. She screamed out loud, falling to her hands and knees, her body wrapped in her stud's gift. He started to stand, but she held her hand up, shaking her head. She sat up, her eyes empty but for her adoration for him. She rubbed the sperm into her skin, licking it from her hands and arms, adoring and cherishing every last drop. She sighed a deep, joyous sigh, and carefully stood up. Smiling, her stud layed back down, his thighs shaking a bit.

"Rest now, my dear," she whispered as she crawled to his bedside and kissed him again. "You did wonderfully."

He purred, his eyes locked with hers. She kissed his lips tenderly, standing slowly on wobbly legs, capping each jar and getting ready to carry them off.

"Someday..... I want to truly make love to you ..." he suddenly uttered dreamily.

She stopped as she heard those words. Her cunt pulled tight again .... good Goddess, she knew in her soul she'd die to be impaled on that sweet spear of flesh. But she knew, in her life right now, she could not fully commit to this lovely creature, and letting him take her .... she would become addicted to his body, his attentions. She was already addicted to his cum, and just his eyes could send her emotions spiraling. She turned back to him, smiling gently.

"My love .... know this .... someday, soon, I will make you mine. You won't stay here anymore. It is my bed you will be chained to, at my beck and call always. I will make you take me, make love to me, every day, every night, every aspect of your existence will be mine. But for now .... just another year .... then I can leave the world behind and commit my time to you. This I promise you."

He smiled and nodded softly. His eyes .... so lovely. They fell shut, and soon, he was in a deep, comfortable sleep. 

"You already belong to me .... and you will forever. "