 The village was relatively quiet. Maquessa strode down one side of the street gazing in the store windows. Not surprisingly many of them bore signs stating that the shops would reopen later in the day. A few grumbles could be heard from other potential patrons, but none seemed to be overly irate about the situation. A number of people in the local area shut down their business when the Ninth Brigade stopped near the village for a recreational leave. Male or female, a number of the villagers had already attempted to catch her eye.

Standing at six foot even, the young Captain of the Ninth had blonde hair to her shoulders and soft green eyes. While some of the male villagers had their eyes fixed firmly on her bosom, the village women rather brazenly kept their eyes somewhat lower. Not that she minded. She knew behind the locked doors of a number of those store windows, her soldiers were entertaining themselves. By the time they rolled out to resume their patrols the villagers would be more than sated and ready to resume their normal lives. She had something special in mind for herself though. As yet another of the young village women endeavored to catch her eye she politely took her leave and continued past the last of the houses at the village edge.

As her long legs carried her up the hillside path she inadvertently gazed back towards the hills on the other end of the village. She knew the tanks were secured under their netting and with the guards standing nearby. Knowing the ones she had picked they were probably engaged in a similar fashion as those in the village proper. She was willing to let it slide, however, since the area was a well pacified one. A low sound came from ahead of her and her step quickened just a bit as the dairy came into view. A few milk cows ambled about in a fenced in pasture. Most of the milk came from other farms, but Deliah still insisted on keeping a few herself.

Well known in the region for the quality of milk it sold, Deliah's Dairy was one stop Maquessa always made when they stopped in town. She had just lifted her hand to knock on the stout wooden door when it pulled open to reveal a rather plump matronly woman. Deliah wore a sexy little smile on her lips as she stepped back to admit the captain. Her eyes sparkled with the promise of their play, having already heard about the Ninth stopping in the village below.

"I was beginning to think you had forgotten me." she said with a pretty little pout to her lips.

Maquessa took off her cap to dangle from a nearby hat rack. A smile quirked the corners of her lips as the faint sounds of the milking room reached her ears. While Deliah may have been nearly a dozen years her senior, and probably thirty pounds or so too plump for most, both knew the captain wasn't likely to forget about her. As the door clicked shut, Maq slipped an arm around Deliah and together they started through the dairy.

"Now you know you were my first stop when we got here." Maq chided with an amused grin.

She was looking forward to their time together as well. Of course, as they passed the milking room, she couldn't help but glance inside. While the bulk of the milk sold by the dairy came from cows, whether raised by Deliah or obtained from local farms, it was the special milk that had kept the dairy on the map. The gasping moans from the milkmaids was louder there in the doorway. Perhaps two dozen girls filled the room, in various stages of orgasmic pleasure. Sucking noises filled the air as each girl writhed in her device.

Some were bent over on hands and knees, gags filling their mouths as the cups on their nipples drew forth their sweet breast milk. Others were seated in a chair with legs spread wide and a silken dildo plunging repeatedly into them from below as their milk was harvested. Maquessa felt herself stiffen at the lewd display and Deliah slid her fingers down to feel with a throaty chuckle.

"You certainly do have a thing for the milkmaids, don't you? Must be why you enjoy me so much."

Maq pulled the older woman close in her excitement. She had learned on their first meeting that Deliah had been a milkmaid like these girls in her youth. She still strapped herself in to harvest her own milk regularly. As the pair watched, Deliah with a hand slid into Maq's trousers, one of the girls sank limply on her device. The jug beneath her was half full as she panted softly. An attendant rushed over to disable the machine and loosen her bindings. As the girl slid to the floor to catch her breath, it was hard to miss the glistening nine inches that slid out of her pussy. Maq's breath was husky as Deliah stroked her, and she pulled away from the door to the nearby stairs.

With a giggle, the plump woman gave her cock a squeeze and pulled away to run up the stairs. Maq was swift behind her and close enough to give the wiggling bum a soft slap. The noises of the milking room faded behind them as they approached Deliah's private room. She was shucking off her dress as Maq came in the door and the younger woman paused to let her hungry gaze feast on the expanse of flesh put on display as Deliah's dress hit the floor. A few marks of childbirth marked her belly from a past childbirth. The next to hit the floor was her bra and the older woman's pendulous breasts swung free. She stuck her tongue out in Maq's direction and lay back on the bed.

As the captain fumbled with her buttons she could clearly see a drop of milk gleaming from one dusky nipple. Her cock was throbbing from the teasing and spectacle of the milking room. The younger woman was quickly ready and approached the bed as Deliah smiled at her.

"Always standing at attention, you soldiers."

She grinned and reached out to grip the base of Maq's shaft, using it to pull the younger woman to her. Their lips met in a deep kiss with dancing tongues. As their breasts pressed and rubbed together, Maq could feel the slick milk leaking and coating her skin. This only led to her throbbing harder in Deliah's grasp.

"With you, yes I am. Though you should know that well enough by now."

Deliah let out a sigh as Maq kissed down her chin and throat until she could trap a firm nipple between her lips. The first taste of her milk was always the sweetest as Maq was always quick to tell her. She reached up to stroke her fingers through Maquessa's soft hair while the younger girl filled her mouth with warm milk. It was several gulping moments before Maq came up for air and another sensual kiss. Her eyes were slightly glazed with lust as she took in the sight of Deliah lying naked beneath her.

"I'm going to have to arrange more patrols to pass near the village."

With a throaty sensual laugh Deliah pulled her down for a kiss. Their tongues slid together and over one another as Maq began to leak her own fluid on the older woman's heated skin, albeit slightly lower than her breasts. Slender fingernails slid delicately down Deliah's thigh and then up again. The kiss turned into a gasp as one digit penetrated the hot depths. Unable to wait longer and eager for her first taste of their lovemaking, Maq slid around and buried her face between Deliah's plump thighs. The older woman's arousal caused her nostrils to flare.

First one lick, then another, and she was burying her tongue in the hot pussy spread before her. The musky feminine odor was one of the most potent aphrodisiacs she had ever known and she relished the taste as she explored the steamy pussy. Deliah let her knees fall open and tried not to shudder as the feelings and sparks the younger woman's tongue struck within her. A throaty moan escaped her lips as she reached to fondle the heavy orbs resting on Maq's thigh. A little shift of her shoulders and she was final able to get her first taste of cock. The precum slicked her tongue as she lapped softly at it and she used her fingers to fondle and tease the weighty orbs resting on Maq's thigh.

The scent of the younger woman's aroused pussy reached her as she fondled the orbs and impishly she slid a finger behind the balls to plunge inside. Maquessa jumped with a gasp of surprise and Deliah let out a sexy laugh. The captain slid back around to kiss her hotly and wag a finger.

"Naughty naughty!"

Both knew full well out stimulated Maq could get when her balls and pussy were played with together. Deliah licked her lips and grabbed at the smooth hips of the younger woman. A tug and she had engulfed several inches of hot cock in her hot mouth. Her tastebuds came alive as she more fully tasted the rigid cock and her eyes gazed up to meet Maquessa's. It was a bit hard with the soft tits jiggling on the captain's chest. The captain was fondling one nipple as she slowly fucked into the warmth of Deliah's mouth. The older woman had tried to coax her into becoming a milkmaid after her time in the army on more than one occasion.

Her cock throbbed as she fed several more inches into the woman's mouth. No gag reflex meant she could easily handle the eight fat inches and she proved it again every time they were in bed together. Only a few moments of sucking were enough for her nose to bury in Maquessa's pubic hair. The soft blonde hairs tickled her nose as she felt the pulsing head caress the depths of her throat. The older woman reached down to squeeze and pull at her own nipples as she gulped on the hot cock teasing her senses. Her pussy was leaking copiously on the bed, more than ready for the fucking she knew was to come. Until then, she settled for coating her fingers in her own breast milk.

Once they were adequately lubricated, she slid her hand down lower to push milking fingers into the captain's pussy. The cock filling her mouth swelled as she began a slow finger fuck of her young lover. Maq didn't pull away this time and instead began to rock her hips against Deliah's probing fingers. The two had often played games with Deliah's breast milk and thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it. One of Maquessa's favorites was to fill Deliah's pussy with it and then drink it back from within her slick depths. She claimed it added a richer taste.

As two fingers invaded her pussy, the young captain knew she was about to flood Deliah's throat with her creamy sperm. She leaned over to brace herself on the bed and started to hump her hips. Her swollen cock fucked in and out of the older woman's throat. For her part, Deliah just kept her mouth wide as she continued the finger stimulation. The heavy meat dragged itself across her tongue and she could feel the almost constant flow of precum sliding down the back of her throat. Her nostrils flared as her own orgasm built in rising waves. The captain's first orgasm was always quick and potent. The only warning she had was the swift retreat of the thick organ.

Her eyes gazing up once more, she felt spurt after creamy spurt erupt onto her tongue. Maq knew how much she loved this special milk and enjoyed rolling it about on her tongue. Warmth filled her mouth as the cock finally withdrew and glistened wetly with her saliva. Deliah luxuriated in the masculine flavor of the semen on her tongue, yet with an undeniably female quality to it. She bathed her tongue in the hot semen until she could control herself no longer and gulped it down. The creamy fluid coated her throat as it flowed downward and her eyes sparkled as she gazed up into the stunning green eyes that had first drawn her to her younger lover.

"I swear I need to get me some milkmaids that can produce milk like that."

Maq chuckled and slid to rest beside her lover, kissing her glistening lips. Her rigid cock rested on Deliah's thigh, leaving a slick trail of fluid there. She only needed a moment to recover herself before she pulled her lover close and kissed her more insistently. Deliah's hunger matched her own and the plump woman was already pulling her to rest on top of her soft body. Fingers trailed down Maq's smooth body until they raked fingernails lightly across her bum. Softly she nibbled her way down Deliah's neck as her thick cock nuzzled the entrance to her pussy.

"You do and I think you'll become an even more popular dairy than you are now."

It was a discussion they had held in the past, as they rested in one another's arms after their intense lovemaking sessions. Maq figured they would again, though for now more pressing matters demanded their attention. As the head of her cock kissed the glistening wet depths of Deliah's hot pussy, she plunged inside. The older woman gasped in delighted surprise as she felt herself spread open to take in the thick girth and she wrapped her legs as best she was able around Maq. The two kissed again as the pressure from Maq's breasts caused her own to leak milk to further coat their soft skin. The entire bed was rocking and bumping lightly into the wall as Maq pumped her hips to repeatedly drive her cock deep inside Deliah's steaming pussy.

Panting and breathing heavily the former milkmaid caressed and stroked Maq's back as her hips rocked up to meet the deepening thrusts. She groaned as she felt the heavy balls slapping against her wet flesh. Deliah's back arched up off the bed as her first orgasm of the evening struck, causing her breasts and body to jiggle and shake from the intensity of it. A gasping cry erupted from her lips, not unlike that of the girls from the milking room down below. Unlike most of them, however, Deliah's cry was accompanied by a gleaming spurt of fluid that struggled to make it past the thick cock inside her. Maquessa's thighs and balls were coated with the sweet creamy girlcum that Deliah always made when they were together.

It was enough to draw a growl of delight from the younger woman who only began to thrust more intently up inside Deliah's slick depths. Deliah was losing herself in the pleasure of the moment and lay back moaning on the pillow and trying to catch her breath as several other smaller orgasms rippled through her. All she could do was slide her hands down to grasp the captain's ass as she fucked into her.

Maq panted above Deliah, loving the scents filling the air. The first time the older woman's pussy had squirted, she had been licking and using her tongue to fuck in and out, she had almost shot her load all over the bedspread. The thought of that sweet cum spraying across her face and tongue was too much for her. A gasping cry erupted from her lips as she sank herself deep inside to spurt in Deliah's pussy. Wad after thick wad of cum shot from her throbbing cock to coat the woman's inner walls. Beneath her Deliah cried out in pleasure as she came with her lover. Her arms and legs wrapped tightly around Maq's body as she shook from it.

Sweat glistened on both naked bodies as Maq lowered herself to kiss Deliah's rosy lips. Only then did the captain shift to lie beside her on the bed. Her cock remained buried to the hilt inside her, their fluids mingling and partially coating the spread beneath them. Deliah nestled in Maquessa's arms and idly fondled one of her nipples. A twitch of the cock within drew a smile to her lips. Young soldiers always had the best stamina, and the Ninth Brigade more than most. It was going to be a long night.