 (((To begin with, I love all my fans so much, and not just because you write me such sweet letters and comments to my stories, but because, like me, you know that sweet cock, big titties, tight little pink butt-holes, and gobs and gobs of hot steaming cum are the most delicious treats in the whole wide world. That being said, and per request, I am returning us all to MilkTitty Farms, where all those things can be found in abundance, and enjoyed openly by all of us.

I left a lot undone in the first MilkTitty farms, and hopefully Kelly can provide a little exposition in this first chapter to fill in the gaps. I just can't go back and start where I left out. That's not how my mind works, but I promise you Kelly and Darlin have been alive and well in my mind for all this time, just dying to get back out and have some fun. I hope you welcome them back as I do. I will of course be adding lots more to this new story arc, but I beg you my loving readers, to comment here and message me about what you like and would like to see. Also, I am always looking for role play partners for juicy escapades. 

Look forward to hearing from you all, and without further pause... Mmmmmm Better grab some tissues... And Enjoy.)))

*****

It was a whole new season at MilkTitty farms, and the whole place was bustling with activity. The weather and mood in the air couldn't have been more delicious. The sun was shining, there was a cool breeze in the summer air, and the whole farm felt alive. No one could have asked for more, most certainly not Kelly, nor her beloved Bull-girl companion Darlin.

As Kelly descended the steps of the main house, surveying the lush green grounds of the farm all around her and glancing down the hill where buses of new girls had come to help work the farm for the season, she was met with a grinning chocolate-skinned angel with big horns, an adorable snout, and a long swishy lion-like tail that wagged with happiness the moment she saw her.

Darlin bounced right up to Kelly, her enormous black titties jiggling as she trotted along and her big black leathery cock-flesh dancing heavily between her thick thighs. She wore not a stitch of clothing, except for the cute little brass bell around her neck which clickity clacked as she threw her arms around Kelly's neck and kissed her deeply in their usual morning hello.

Kelly wore her shortest jean shorts, that allowed the bottom halves of her beautiful bubble bottom to show. Her own swollen sex was straining against her buttons and zipper, and her tiny crop top was likewise fighting a losing battle against her gigantic tits as she accepted Darlin's loving embrace, opening her mouth around the long wet tongue her bull-girl gave her. Among their many inhuman traits, bull-girls had big fat twisty-twirly tongues that were a throw back to their four legged cousins, and Kelly adored wrapping her lips around Darlin's 8 inch pink pleasure and drinking in her flavor. Kissing a bull-girl was like sucking an average sized cock, with the added bonus of warm juicy spit that flooded her mouth as she nursed at it. As they kissed, Kelly reached around her pretty bull with both hands, digging her fingers deep into the flesh of Darlin's gorgeous brown bottom. They pressed their bodies together firmly, and Darlin responded with animal lust as she pushed Kelly back against the porch's support beam and began to grind against her.

Moaning her desire for her beautiful bull, Kelly devoured her lovers tongue, slurping loudly on it as she drank deeply of Darlin's spit. Before long the lovely bulls big black cock was rising along the curve of Kelly's thigh, causing her to abandon Darlin's bottom with one hand and run her fingers along the endless shaft of her lover's dick. Darlin cooed with pleasure as Kelly cupped her hand and stroked her palm along the thick vein underneath her big black cock, easing her fingers down The length of the heavy chocolate meat so she could handle one of the bull girls overloaded balls; each the size of a cocoanut, and contained in a smooth sack of satiny skin that longed to be bathed by Kelly's mouth and tongue.

Finally their kiss broke, and Darlin looked deeply into Kelly's eyes with desire. To her it didn't matter that it was the first day of the season, and that they both had so much to do in order to get the new girls ready for their duties on the farm. All she wanted was for Kelly to handle her big cock, or maybe push her beautiful human dick-flesh deep up inside her and mate her puffy black fuck-hole until they both unloaded. So far as Darlin was concerned, any moment the two were apart and not draining each other's delicious cum-tanks was a waste of time. Her big black cock needed milked, and her heavy titties too, and so she bit her lower lip and fluttered her eyelashes at her human, hoping Kelly would understand and give her the fucking she so desperately desired.

"Now you behave with those big brown eyes of yours." Kelly teased her bull, grinning as she continued to handle Darlin's big balls and enormous cock. Darlin's dick was nearly three foot long when she was fully hard, and Kelly knew just how to handle that gorgeous flesh, running her hand up and down along its full length and allowing the natural curve of it to conform to her hip and up along her side into the small of her back. "You know we have new girls to meet, and Mom and Momma can't handle them all. We have responsibilities you silly bull."

Darlin pouted, leaning in and biting into the material of Kelly's top with her teeth, tugging it up until one of Kelly's big melons spilled free. She allowed Kelly to go on talking as she opened her mouth around the fat door-knob nipple and bit lightly into it, tugging and slurping as she began to nurse. Soon enough she felt the first warm dribbles of milk, and Kelly's words trailed off as she cooed her pleasure and allowed her bull to feed.

"Mmmmmm you are soo bad. You know that?" Kelly whispered into her lovers twitching ear. She brought one hand up along Darlin's side, tracing her ribs and the curve of her body until she found her way around her back, up between her shoulders and along her neck. She knew just what her lover liked, and as she ran her fingers through Darlin's thick hair she allowed them to play along the length of her horns, lightly tracing them one by one as she pushed her heavy tit into her lover's mouth.

Darlin absolutely loved when Kelly played with her horns. Nothing could be more erotic for a bull-girl. It wasn't just the tender touch, but the thrill of giving yourself over to a lover. When Kelly held her horns, she was in control, and that drove Darlin to the brink of ecstasy. She wasn't Kelly's slave, or pet, but she was absolutely her possession when she felt her take hold of her in such an intimate fashion.

Darlin couldn't count how many times Kelly had ridden her bull bottom from behind, grabbing those horns and holding on tight as she fucked Darlin's tight fuck-pucker with long deep strokes, flooding her insides with hot seed. Darlin was at her mercy entirely when Kelly had her by the horns, and would moo and whine as her ass-hole was taken, loving the feeling of being dominated, bred, and thoroughly fucked by her beautiful human lover.

"Come on." Kelly gently nudged her bull off her tit, smiling as she watched Darlin's long tongue reach out to try and slurp up just one more drop of milk. "We have to greet the troops."

Darlin pouted, reluctant to give up her morning meal, but obediently followed along with Kelly all the same as her human led her down the path toward the parking area. Several busses filled with milkmaids and other girls come to work the season had already arrived, and both of Kelly's Momma's, Honey and Cindy had taken groups of them off to find beds in the various bunkhouses and explain their duties.

In the last couple years, Kelly had made MilkTitty Farms her home, and both her and her mother Cindy had moved into the main house with Honey, the farms owner and founder. They'd brought along Kelly's dearest friends, the bouncy blonde sex dolls Cindy and Mindy, whom Honey had adopted, and the house had never been so filled with love, affection, and tender cock-girl incest.

Kelly had discovered that Honey was in fact her other momma, and that only Honey's marriage to her husband John had kept her and her other mother Cindy apart. Farmer John was a memory now, and the elder Cindy and Honey were deeply in love with one another, both raising their three daughters on the farm that had been Kelly's legacy and destiny all along.

Kelly had taken to life on the farm with joy, and fallen deeply and madly in love with her longtime crush Darlin, but since she'd arrived and been given her mothers permission, she'd done all she could to grow the business with her own new and fresh ideas as well. She'd doubled, and then tripled the size of their bull-girl herd, expanded the farm, and brought in more and more lusty young milkmaids each year to help handle the work load in their own private paradise. She now shared responsibilities with her moms and sisters, and had taken on a lot of new jobs herself to keep the place running smoothly. It meant she had to spend more time taking care of her duties than wallowing in bed with her big dicked bull lover, but Darlin rarely complained, having been given an even larger herd of bull-girls to look after as their alpha bull herself. When they did get time alone together, they more than made up for it. As much as they fucked, and sucked, and gave up their hungry butts throughout the day, nothing could compare to the bliss Darlin and Kelly found in one another's arms every night.

Darlin was right at Kelly's side as they approached a large gathering of young milkmaids standing in the grass beside the busses. They were all gorgeous, with huge bouncy titties and big bulging cocks. Each of them looked eager to strip down and get right to the business of flooding one another's butts with cum, and Kelly couldn't deny her own eagerness to join in on the fun, but this was more than just a place for big dick love, it was a business as well, and Kelly had to keep her girls in check.

Climbing up onto a bale of hay, and grinning as she thought back to how she herself had once listened to a welcoming speech much like the one she was about to give, Kelly put two fingers between her lips and whistled loudly to get everyone's attention. As the crowd began to come to order Darlin stood nearby, grinning up at her human and doing her best not to tackle Kelly right in front of them all and buttfuck her on the spot.

"Damn! You all look so fuckin sexy I could bust." Kelly said with a big smile. "I can't tell you how happy I am to welcome you all to my home, and yours too for the next few months at least. We are gonna have sooooo much fun, and I hope I can get to know each and every one of you while you're here." She fluttered her own lashes at that, making clear her innuendo.

"Some of you are here for your first year, and some are returning, but as you all know this is a place of work as well as play. Those of you who are hiring on as handlers will be assigned your own bull-girl, just like my angel Darlin here, and those of you who are just signing on as workers will find more than enough to keep those juicy puckers of yours nice and stuffed as well." Kelly beamed, allowing the girls a moment to cheer and holler before she went on.

Kelly pulled Darlin up with her onto the hay bale along with her for the next part of her speech, smiling as she snuggled her bull from behind and spoke to the girls over the blushing bovine's shoulder. "As you well know, our main product here is bull milk, which we get from these gorgeous titties." Kelly reached around, openly groping Darlin's huge black breasts as she did. She squeezed them, fingering the fat coal black nipples for all to see, and Darlin melted back against her as little rivers of warm cream began to leak from her heavy udders. The audience just looked on with hungry mouths. Many of them had grown up in loving dickgirl homes, drinking bull milk everyday as they looked at the image of the gorgeous Darlin on the carton smiling back at them. They knew well the benefits of a diet with lots of sweet bull cream, and their incredible bodies showed it well. The delicious treat all but stunted the aging process, and if you had no curves when you started drinking it, by the time you finished your third of fourth quart of the stuff you were stacked like a porn star. It gave girls with big futa dicks even bigger cocks, and enhanced the sexual libido to incredible levels. It had similar effects on men of course, but not nearly as clearly as it effected women.

"Our pretty bulls also give us their yummy butter." Kelly continued, stroking her fingers down across Darlin's wet belly to the root of her big black cock. Darlin grew hard again almost instantly in Kelly's hands, and as Kelly handled her lover's huge throbbing organ the girls groaned at the beautiful sight before them. A bull-girl's cock was easily twice the size in length as a dick-girl, except in rare exceptions, and Darlin's big dick was an object of absolute perfection. It was as black as dark chocolate, and glistened almost constantly, with a long curved shaft covered in finger thick veins, and a bulbous knob that was something like a human's own pretty cock head but slightly flatter, with a larger than average cum hole that leaked with pearly sap almost constantly. Eating or drinking delicious bull cum was another thing entirely from drinking their milk. It had all the same benefits, but was much more potent and provided even more delicious results. Girls who regularly ingested bull butter grew even larger cocks, and even girls who hadn't been born futas would overtime lose their pussies and sprout a heavy cock and balls in its place. Bull butter also made a girls tits even bigger, and caused them to produce sugary sweet milk. It filled a futa's balls to bursting as well. A futa girl who regularly enjoyed bull butter could cum pints, and never seemed to tire of the most obscene sexual activity. The product had single handedly changed the futa on futa porn industry. They even gave out awards at a Dick Girl Porn yearly ceremony. The hottest scenes were rewarded with cute little golden statues of pretty bull girls with big fat dicks.

Kelly knew all the most sensitive spots of Darlin's gorgeous cock, including a sweet little area just beneath the fat grapefruit sized knob that brought her lover right to the edge. Just baring down on that spot caused her lover's hole to drool, and once again all the girls took in the beauty before them as a river of pearly white sap openly flowed from Darlin's tip, down over Kelly's searching fingers and along the ridges of cock and big swollen chocolate balls.

Licking the precum from her fingers, Kelly nudged Darlin down from her makeshift stage and gave her a wink, promising to finish what she had started the moment they were alone. As she turned back to the girls, she continued her greetings, and informed them of some of the rules of the farm. Several of the girls had questions once she was done, so before she led them to their bunkhouses and let them pick their rooms Kelly did her best to answer them.

"Miss Kelly." One of the girls beamed with adoration as she was called on, blushing so bright red and giving Kelly a look that was an open invitation to fuck her any time she liked, in any way she liked, and for as long as she liked. She had pretty red hair in pig tails, and freckles, and Kelly knew she would enjoy splitting open her cheeks before the summer was done. "I was just wondering about your moms, and the whole thing about how you found out you were Honey's daughter. It's like a Cinderella story, but so much juicier. Is it true what we've heard?"

Kelly smiled sweetly. It was no secret by now that she had discovered that she was in fact Honey's daughter, and that Honey and her mother Cindy had been in love for years in secret, and only just recently been brought back together. The rumors about how it had all transpired were not a matter of public record, as it just wasn't anyones business outside of the farm, but since these girls were MilkTitty Farms girls now, and basically family so far as her mothers and her were concerned, Kelly had no problem opening up.

Kelly explained the details of what had happened her first year at the farm; how her being Honey's daughter had eventually come to light, and how it had been hidden from her husband Farmer John for some time. John had not taken the news well when he discovered his wife had had a child with one of her milkmaids, and was even less excited when Kelly's mother Cindy returned to the farm to put the past behind them and be reunited with Honey, at least in such a way as to allow Kelly to know both her mothers. Cindy and Honey hadn't intended for their long time love to be rekindled, but the moment they had seen each other everything had come rushing back for both of them. They were truly soul mates, and now that they were back together they couldn't wait to fill one anothers anal cunts with cream. bringing their daughter into their bed made the union all the more sweet, and so John's exclusion from their group was more clear than ever before.

John was furious at the way Honey had kept such a secret from him, and so he decided to divorce her, and put the ownership of MilkTitty farms at risk. He took a few of the less than loyal milkmaids along with him and opened his own small farm where he began to find ways to milk the bull-girls for more than they could take. He added machines that could do the milking for him, and reduced the bulls he owned to little more than livestock, but Honey had one last trick up her sleave.

Thanks to the help of Honey's lawyer, the lovely dark skinned Madonna, and some creative book keeping she had done in the past, Honey revealed that the exclusive rights to all bull girls belonged to one woman and one only. John had attempted to fight that, based on the fact that half of all Honey's assets were his as well, but at the very last minute it was revealed that years earlier, in secret, Honey had given all the rights she had for the care and ownership of all bull-girls everywhere over to her daughter, Kelly. It was a loophole that ruined farmer john, and saved the day for MilkTitty farms.

Once John was put out of business, and the bulls he had taken with him had been returned to Kelly's possession, the darkest days of MilkTitty farms were put behind them, and since then, all had been udder perfection on the farm. Kelly added with a humorous note.

"So you own all the bulls?" Another of the girls asked, curious.

"I do, legally." Kelly added. "I don't like to think of them as possessions, because they are so much more to all of us, but since modern laws don't recognise them as having rights of their own, I look after them. Darlin keeps me informed what they need and desire, and I do everything I can to make them happy. Believe me when I tell you, there is no place on earth any of my bulls would rather be than right here with us, and since their big throbbing cocks and beautiful titties need attention, we bring in bus loads of cute little fuck dolls like you each and every year for them to play with. It's a pretty good system if you ask me."

Kelly joined the girls in a laugh, and bounded down from her hay bale, leading them along to the bunkhouses to show them where they would be staying. After they had all been seen to, and her duties were done, she felt a tender nudge at her shoulder and turned to see a pair of impossibly big brown eyes staring back at her from between a set of equally adorable horns.

"You gotta catch me first." Kelly teased, licking Darlin across her snout and running off toward the woods. Darlin laughed aloud and gave chase after her lover, both of them jiggling an bouncing along without a care in the world as they left behind their duties and ran toward their just rewards.
