 Despite the charmed life she led, with so much love and warmth around her and the constant affection lavished on her by her mothers, sisters, Darlin, and all the bulls on the farm, Kelly did have her bouts of frustration. She needed to release stress just like anyone else. Currently, it was the task of assigning jobs to all the new arrivals on the farm that was getting to her. It was her first year taking on the responsibility. She knew she could handle it, but it was proving to be more difficult than she had first imagined.

Nearly half the girls who had applied and come work the farm were assigned as milkmaids, which made her job somewhat easier. There would be a short period of time over the next week when milkmaids would mix among the farm's bulls, pairing up and beginning to establish bonds with one another. That job handled itself. There would be blushing milkmaids kneeling in private little corners to stretch their jaws around their first pretty bull cocks, and lovely bull tails swishing in the air as new human lovers slid into their steaming puckers to unload cum into tight little butt-wombs. Soon there would be obvious couples walking hand in hand through the farm, or even small clicks of lovely dickgirls of both races gathering together with giggles and snuggles that led to cum dripping orgies behind barns, or full on gangbangs down by the lake or deep in the woods. Returning milkmaids would seek out their beloved bulls to be reunited, and first year girls would fall in love with their counterparts. It was one of the sweetest parts of the season.

Besides milkmaids the farm had positions for milkmaid assistants, who took care of the equipment used in handling the bulls and who on occasion assisted in the milking process themselves. There would be girls assigned to the task of keeping up the grounds as well, and this year there were even a few girls with some carpentry experience, which was always a plus. Girls needed to be assigned to help Honey in the main house with preparing the huge meals that everyone would gather for at the end of the long day, and Honey would also need a few girls to help assist her with her work in the melon fields on the backside of the property.

Kobasch melons; a kind of pink watermelon type fruit that grew and flourished on the farm had become a particular delicacy for the locals of Sutters Hollow, the nearby town. The fruit was delicious, and had particularly powerful side effects that required special handling before they could be diluted to the point where eating them was possible. In the coming years Honey planned to expand her melon patch to a size where she could export and distribute the melons nationwide, and as it grew she needed more hands to help her. Any girls with agricultural experience, or who might have been raised on farms themselves would be perfect for the position.

Kelly would need to assign some girls to take care of the bunkhouses, and some to assist in storage and transportation of milk and butter to the distribution center in town before it could be sent out to their many customers. She would need girls to act as milking trainers and supervisors in the milking barns, and others to assist with the job of herding the bulls when they inevitably began to wander or sneak into the bunkhouses to visit their milkmaids afterhours. That job was a difficult one for sure, as bulls were just as capable of being sneaky as their counterparts, and while it wasn't exactly frowned upon for milkmaids and their charges to develop more intimate relationships, it was a waste of good milk and cum after all.

In order to alleviate stress, Kelly often went for long jogs around the property. She was in spectacular shape of course, thanks in no small part to her extra-curricular activities with Darlin, but she enjoyed running, and she looked gorgeous doing it. It was also a chance for her to have some time to herself. 

Kelly's jogging outfit consisted of white tennis shoes and pink leg warmers. She wore a skin-tight black leotard bottom that rode obscenely high on her lovely hips, and a lose fitting MilkTitty farms tank top that hung off one shoulder as she jogged. She ran with her hair pulled back in a bouncy pony tail, and wore a fluffy white headband to keep her sweat out of her eyes. Altogether the outfit made her look even more alluring than if she had been running naked, which was kind of the point. Her bottoms were tight fitting and cupped her heavy bulge as though painted on, disappearing into the crevice of her behind entirely and conforming to her jiggling cock and balls in such a way that just to walk around in it rubbed her in a delicious way. Her top was lose enough to allow her large tits to bounce and wobble as she ran, and more often than not a juicy pink nipple would find its way free, twitching and bulging as the sun kissed it tenderly from above. Her headband and tennis shoes were practical of course, and her leg warmers made her legs look even more beautiful.

The farm was enormous when you took in all the property it sat upon, and several long winding paths through the woods made for perfect places to get away and just run. Kelly could choose to jog by the lake, up into the hills past the melon patches, or even down to the hot springs even deeper into the woods. She knew ever path by heart, but there was always something new to see on her runs, and she was never disappointed.

It was mid-day, and Kelly had already been at it for over an hour when she came to a bouncy halt on a bend in the path before her. She was as far out from the main house as was possible, and needed to stop to catch her breath before she started back. She bent forward, hands on knees and panting from her run as her heavy chest heaved and she glanced around at the beauty of nature all around her.

A sudden snap of a twig brought her attention around to the woods at her back, and while it was not uncommon to spot wildlife on her runs, it was always a treat. Being careful not to scare off whatever she had stumbled upon, she tip toed to the edge of the forest and peered out to see what she could see. She couldn't have been more surprised to find a pair of big pink eyes staring back at her from the foliage, paired with a cute little twitchy nose and a huge set of spectacular tits as well.

"Well hello there." Kelly spoke softly to the creature, looking it over in awe as she moved closer to see it better. It was a rabbit, but unlike any rabbit she had ever seen before. This one had no fur, but smooth milky white skin, incredibly feminine curves, and it stood on two feet, rising up and trying to hide its gorgeous body behind a tree as Kelly drew even nearer. Despite having three toes on larger than average bunny-like feet, three fingers on each very human hand, and the bushy little tail that sat right above her bottom, this bunny had a human body with a figure that would have been considered incredibly voluptuous anywhere but MilkTitty farms. She had wildly long ears that perked up to listen as Kelly spoke, a cute little pink bunny nose, and oversized teeth that covered a tiny portion of her lower lip. Her bushy blonde hair was long and unkempt, with bangs that draped down over her eyes just a bit, and the way she stared at Kelly as she approached had a hint of intelligence that could not be ignored.

"You have got to be the 'pest' Momma Honey keeps complaining about, stealing her kobasch melons." Kelly figured aloud, grinning as she reached out in as unthreatening a manner as she could, closing the distance between her and her new forest friend and lightly cupping her hand against the bunny girls cheek. The bunny sniffed at her fingers, but allowed the touch, and she seemed to be as interested in Kelly as Kelly was in her. "You are absolutely gorgeous, aren't you?" Kelly purred, not at all frightened by the beautiful five-foot six floppy eared doll she had discovered.

"We have a piggy girl back at the farm who's a lot like you." Kelly continued, reaching out with her other hand to tenderly cup the bunny's enormous breast. "Honey lets her help tend the melon patches. I bet you two would get along well."

As Kelly spoke, the bunny moved in closer, allowing both their bodies to press together sensually as she pushed her cute little nose up Kelly's neck and rooted at her ear, sniffing her. Kelly giggled at the display, but took full advantage as she allowed her hands to slide down the curves of her new friend and around the generous swell of her sexy bunny ass. When the bunny showed no sign of disapproval, Kelly gave her new friend's juicy butt a squeeze, and guided her so that they were positioned perfectly together; Kelly's growing cock seated right in the space between the bunny's thighs, just below her tummy. She could feel the heat from the lovely animal's pussy through her bottoms, and as the bunny wrapped her own arms around Kelly's waist in return, she brought her face back around to her new friend. Her grin was simply adorable, and it was clear Kelly was having just as intense an effect on her as she was on Kelly.

"I bet nobody has ever touched you like this huh?" Kelly purred, smiling as her top shifted just enough for her naked tit to fall free against her new friends own gorgeous breast. Their oversized nipples rasped and bumped against one another, and they looked down together as if to watch the sensitive nubs getting acquainted.

"I bet this is some kind of side effect of eating up all those melons." Kelly reasoned, smiling as she and her new friend allowed their heavy titties to make love. A tiny droplet of Kelly's sugary-sweet milk began to form on her nipple, and soon both their swollen nubs were glistening with wetness. "Momma Honey has wasted so many carrots and a whole lot of effort on little rabbit traps to catch you. I guess she wasn't using the right bait." She giggled.

The bunny just cooed and twitched her nose in response to Kelly's words, rubbing her face against her new friend in an attempt to show affection. She'd never even been kissed, and with such a darling little mouth, that was for sure not going to be a fact for much longer.

"You know I can't just take advantage of you without even knowing your name." Kelly whispered sweetly, rubbing her nose against her bunny lovers own and looking deeply into her eyes. "Guess I'll just have to remedy that."

Kelly thought for a long moment, enjoying the way her bunny was moving her body against her as they cuddled. Her pretty floppy eared lover soon discovered Kelly's butt in return, and the two of them were both pulling each other in tight now, openly grinding their lower halves together as their pulses grew quicker.

"I think I'll call you Bobbi." Kelly purred, smiling as she slid her hand into the crevice of the bunny girls cheeks and teased her fingertips across the tiny pink pucker she found there. Bobbi seemed to melt when she was touched in that spot, and Kelly watched her big pink eyes close in pleasure and her adorable little mouth part as if in a silent little bunny moan. It was all the invitation she needed.

Bobbi was startled at first when she felt Kelly's mouth pressed against her own. Her big ears stood on end and she opened her eyes wide as it happened, fearing for an instant that she may have misjudged her new friend and that she was about to be bitten. When she was given a tiny pink tongue instead, and she felt the heat of Kelly's mouth begin to mingle with her own, she once more began to relax and give in to these bran new pleasures. Soon Bobbi offered her own tiny pink tongue to her lover, which Kelly accepted without hesitation.

There was no doubt in Kelly's mind that the delicious bunny girl had never been made love to, but her body was built to give pleasure and take it, and she knew that with just a little guidance Bobbi could learn to enjoy what she had to give her. As she pushed two digits into the tight little ass-hole at her fingertips Bobbi rose up on her tip toes and whimpered, but the instant she felt her hole conform to the welcome invasion, she settled back down upon it and began to wriggle her bottom in Kelly's hand; eyes wide and a big smile on her face as she looked into her human lover's eyes.

"Oh, you like that huh?" Kelly teased, adding a third finger and pushing them even deeper inside her lover. She twisted them, and tenderly pumped Bobbi's hole as she lowered her lips to the bunny girls juicy left nipple and covered it with her mouth, baring down to give it suck as she continued her lesson in lust.

It was Kelly's turn to be pleasantly surprised as she felt a little spurt of warmth on her tongue, and she happily accepted the bunny's delicious tit milk as she began to lap her tongue across Bobbi's nipple, gulping down the first of her creamy treats as she savored the flavor. It was a particularly yummy mix of milk and cotton candy; very much like the taste of kobasch melon, and for a moment Kelly felt her mind begin to cloud over with intense desire as she drank deeply of what Bobbi was giving her.

When she realized what was happening Kelly pulled back, shocked but smiling as she looked into her Bunny's eyes. Bobbi had been eating a steady diet of kobasch melons, and it had changed her in more ways than were at first apparent. Kelly knew that if she had continued to nurse at Bobbi's beautiful tit, she would have lost all control. Her bunny milk was intoxicating, and in small doses an incredible aphrodisiac as well.

Overcome by lust, Kelly tugged Bobbi to her knees and kissed her passionately once more. They rolled their tongues together for some time before Kelly finally broke away, guiding the luscious creature onto all fours and moving around behind her. Her throbbing cock was already straining the material of her little leotard bottoms, and as she peeled them off her heavy meat sprung to attention between her thighs. As if on instinct Bobbi arched her back and brought her butt up behind her, ready to be taken. As she looked back over her shoulder and saw the size of Kelly's raging pink cock, she grinned from ear to ear.

Kelly just sat back for a moment, staring at the plump pink lips of Bobbi's glistening pussy mound, and the tiny puckered hole that sat right above it. She began to stroke her drooling cock as she admired the beauty of both cute little untouched holes, biting her lower lip as she imagined what she was about to do to them. Her little Bunny was stirring her hips, as if to tempt her lover to come and claim what she wanted, but Kelly couldn't deny herself the visual of such a beautiful sight, hairless and cotton candy pink. Bobbi's holes looked good enough to eat.

Bobbi threw her head back in the next instant, cooing in her darling little bunny way as she felt her lover dive between her buns and begin to devour her steaming sex. Her pussy mound was so thick and juicy that Kelly could burry half her chin into her lover and burrow between her folds, extending her tongue deep into Bobbi's depths and slurping noisily as she ate her pussy. Bobbi's incredible cunt was like a ripe fruit, split right down the center and dripping with sweetness, and as Kelly let those juices dribble down her chin and neck, she lost herself entirely to the flavor of Bobbi's drooling hole.

Not to leave any treat unsavored, Kelly left behind the dripping pussy she was gobbling and made her way up along the crevice of Bobbi's ass, the flat of her tongue pressed down hard into the bunny's ass-hole as she slathered it with her spit and affection. She paused there, sinking her tongue into Bobbi's butt-hole deeply, and reaching up and over her big bunny bottom to caress her gorgeous cheeks and pull her back onto her face for an even deeper tonguing. Thankfully the intoxicating effect of Bobbi's titty milk was not as overpowering in her other juices, but Kelly could detect it all the same in her lover's pussy and ass-hole. She could have gone on eating Bobbi's ass and pussy for days, and never come up for air, but her swollen dick was so fat and throbbing for release she knew she had to see to its needs as well.

Moving back to Bobbi's pussy, Kelly once more buried her face into her lover deeply, nuzzling her nose against bunny ass-hole as she stuffed her tongue as deeply as she could get it inside of her. Beyond the thick wet mound and velvety pussy lips Kelly soon found her bunny lover's inner core, and the hole was so tight leading into her depths that she whimpered as she felt it squeeze down on her tongue and try and suck her in. Kelly was like many futas, who preferred butt fucking to pussy sex for various reasons, but this pussy was beyond inviting. So tight, and drooling with creamy desire. There was no way she was going to allow either of her lover's tight little openings to go unfucked.

Bobbi as it turned out, was not entirely submissive, and as Kelly continued to slurp loudly at her lover's drooling pussy her bunny began to move, turning her body and crawling around to get at her lover in order to return her pleasures. Kelly wasn't at first sure what to make of Bobbi's intentions, but was pleasantly surprised as Bobbi guided her onto her back and crawled over her in a naughty sixty-nine.

"Oh, you bad bunny." Kelly groaned, watching with desire as Bobbi's plump pink pussy lowered right back onto her mouth. She went right back to eating her, and soon she felt her lover's hands reaching out, taking hold of her raging cock and guiding it between her lips. The beautiful forest cutie knew far more about fucking than she had at first let on, or perhaps it was instinct that drove her, but as Kelly felt a set of wet bunny lips take the knob of her cock between them a wave of pleasure washed over her from head to toe.

Bobbi was a creature born of the sweet nectar of kobasch melons, which only grew on MilkTitty farms, and which were thought to be a byproduct of all the sweet cum and bull milk that had seeped into the ground of the property. She had been transformed by some mysterious means from a darling little animal into a sexual creature capable of untold abilities. As Kelly felt every inch of her thick pink cock swallowed whole, she gasped aloud into the steaming pussy before her in shock and surprise. Bobbi swallowed over a foot of wrist thick futa cock as though it was the only purpose her velvety throat was meant for, and without pause began to pump her mouth up and down along Kelly's length as though she had been sucking cock for years.

Kelly couldn't believe the pleasure of Bobbi's incredible throat, and began to gasp and whine as she was eaten alive, twisting and bucking her hips in time with the beautiful creature in an effort to fuck her face each time Bobbi swallowed her length. Bobbi wasn't one to be forgotten however, and soon began to bare down on Kelly's face with her sopping wet pussy, encouraging Kelly to return to her task at hand.

"Oh fuck!" Kelly groaned, though her words were muffled in the meat of her lover's pussy along with a groan of intense pleasure as she felt her dick begin to erupt deep inside Bobbi's throat. It was all she could do to reach out and grab hold of Bobbi's plump butt, digging her fingers into the soft flesh as she felt her cum boiling out of the tip of her cock far beyond her control.

Bobbi moaned in return, swallowing her lover whole and closing her lips as tightly as she dared around Kelly's cock at it's root. Her throat muscles were made for exactly this, and she began to gulp and swallow all of what her human lover had for her, eyes closed in bliss as she took pints of steaming cream into her belly in long wet pulses of such deliciousness that her own mind could hardly comprehend what she was doing.

Kelly couldn't help but buck and wriggle beneath her lover as her dick spent its full load into sweet pink bunny heaven, but as her intense orgasm began to ebb, she knew they were far from done. The dripping pink hovering over her face, still dribbling with spit and pussy juice, and the tiny little pink ass-hole quivering just inches from Kelly's nose were still in need of something only Kelly could provide. She stared into both of them as she caught her breath, all the while enjoying the sensual sweetness of Bobbi's throat. A Kelly's strength began to return to her, she knew that there was still some very enjoyable work to be done.
