 PROLOGUE

Kelly couldn't have been more nervous as she stepped down from the MilkTitty Farm's shuttle bus and observed the beautiful and seemingly endless farm land all around her. The grass was lush and green, the barns beautifully maintained, and the main house sat high on a hill overlooking the rest of the property: a gorgeous and palatial mansion strait out of the old antebellum south.

In the distance Kelly could see several silos topped with clearly cock shaped roofs, like huge metallic pricks jutting up from the land beneath them, and on the gentle breeze she could detect the unmistakable scent of wet juicy butt sex. She couldn't help but close her eyes and inhale deeply. The scent made her girl cock swell in her panties; tucked tenderly back between her thick voluptuous buns.

The bus ride had been over ten hours long, and the blackened windows and partition separating the driver from passengers had kept the carefully guarded location of MilkTitty Farms a secret, but now that she was finally here Kelly couldn't imagine any place on earth she would rather have been.

Like the rest of the girls who had shared her bus ride and signed on for the season as workers, Kelly was a futa, (or dick-girl as many of them preferred to be called.) Her cock and breasts were large and luscious, and her curves, curiosity, and sexual appetite were superhuman compared to average everyday people. It made her a perfect prospect as a Milkmaid at MilkTitty Farms.

Beyond the attributes she shared with other dick-girls, Kelly had long auburn hair that she kept strait and sexy down her back, big beautiful green eyes, and a deep and lovely tan complete with erotic bikini lines and a pierced bellybutton that added a sensual allure atop her cleanly shaven pubis and gorgeous 19 inch woman-cock.

Almost all the girls had been raised on MilkTitty Farms commercials featuring the lovely Darlin; their own gorgeous little chocolate skinned bull girl appliances, with her big golden eyes, cute little horns, swishy bull tail, and incredible ass, packed so adorably in her trademark tiny little bib overalls. She advertised the many products that were produced at the farm and offered worldwide to men and women alike.

Bull Milk was the farm's primary export, and was only available to those who could afford the hefty price it went for. It was said to be milked directly from the enormous and deliciously bouncy titties of bull girls just like lovely Darlin, and completely halted the aging process in humans, in some cases even reversing the ravages of time altogether.

Just as popular and a great deal more expensive, was MilkTitty Farms delicious Ball Butter, a health drink designed for men that increased the sexual libido and size of the male member to near obscene proportions. It was made entirely of refined bull girl sperm, milked from their own enormous cocks and balls, and had much the same effect on human females as it did males, causing women to grow big bloated dick-slabs of their own and their pussies to disappear slowly over time; so long as the product was consumed regularly of course.

Like most dick-girls, Kelly's mother Cindy had been a Milkmaid at MilkTitty Farms herself years before, and had given birth to and raised Kelly on the sticky sweet tales of the summer fun she had working the farm. Kelly had listened with rapt attention and often fantasized about someday visiting the world of acceptance and sexual freedom her mother had described to her, but had had to wait until she came of age to finally do as she'd always wanted. Now that she finally had, she was excited to finally be doing what she had been born for and longed for her entire life.

The bull girls of MilkTitty Farms were far more than just livestock that walked about on two legs and enjoyed having their big beautiful udders and cocks pumped by pretty milkmaids. They were, in some circles at least, celebrities. They had bios and pictures posted regularly on the MilkTitty Farms web site, enjoyed writing letters back and forth to their fans, and even had collectors' cards that were traded in naughty little hidden spots out in human society.

Kelly was particularly excited, because she was finally going to meet Darlin face to face. She had all of the pretty bull girl's cards, including the extreme limited addition triple X rated series, had mailed letters back and forth with her several times, and had even purchased a big black rubber dildo that had been cast from Darlin's own gigantic two foot long bull cock. Kelly took the toy to bed with her nightly, suckling, licking, and thrusting the enormous toy in and out of her accepting asshole as she imagined being with Darlin in the flesh. She ached to finally meet the object of her desires, and if at all possible, to become Darlin's personal Milkmaid as well; in charge of handling the pretty bull girl's big fat cock and balls and milking her delicious tits as well.

CHAPTER 1 - Orientation

"Gather round girls." Kelly was brought back to her senses at the sound of a sweet female voice, dipped in honey and sunshine and calling her and the other potential milkmaids to order near the busses.

Following the voice along with the other girls, Kelly discovered a gorgeous freckle faced strawberry blonde standing atop a pile of hay bails and clad in a tiny blue button up sun dress. The top several buttons of the woman's dress were left undone revealing miles of milky white cleavage that sat between what had to be a pair of freckle dusted double H cup titties. The bottom of her dress came just above mid-thigh and was being tussled and flipped by the gentle breeze, on occasion rising high enough to reveal a pair of cute little white cotton panties just stuffed to bursting with fat and juicy woman-cock.

"I'm Honey, Farmer John's wife and I guess you could say Mistress out here at MilkTitty." The redhead continued, her sweet southern drawl rich and as pleasant to listen to as she herself was to look at. "I know you all have questions, and I promise to get to each and every one of them when we're done, but I thought it would be best if we began with a little tour to get you all acquainted with the grounds and settled in."

Kelly bit her lower lip and fell in pace with the rest of the girls, her dick throbbing between her buns, and the swollen wet tip of her she-meat nudging against her own asshole as she watched Honey lead the way.

Her momma had told her stories about the pretty redheaded farmer's wife of course, and how she treated the milkmaids like daughter lovers. She'd been the farmer's wife ever since MilkTitty Farms had been founded, and of course, having started as a milkmaid herself, had access to all the delicious bull milk and cum she could handle. She looked to be in her early twenties, though she was likely five or six times that.

Honey fucked all the milkmaids, and often invited her favorites up to the main house to join her and her husband in their bed. Kelly's mother had had the privilege of being fucked by the pair on several occasions, and always blushed and batted her eyes when Kelly would inquire about it. "Some things are just too sweet a memory to put into words baby girl." Her momma would say. "Trust me. You'll know what it's like one day. When you get invited up to that house, your whole world changes."

"The main house is just up the hill ladies." Honey spoke as she walked along,the girls trailing behind her. "You're all welcome on the ground floor any time of course, in the parlor, kitchen, living room and such. Milkmaids are only permitted on the second floor by invitation though, or if we happen to behaving a house party. We already have three planned for this season, and they are absolutely delicious gatherings. I do hope you all attend."

Several of the girls giggled at that, having heard about the main houses no-holes-barred orgies. Farm hands, bull girls, milkmaids, and special guests were allowed to mingle freely at such events, and encouraged to be as nasty or dirty as they desired. It had been at one such orgy years ago that Kelly's mother had become impregnated with her daughter to be. She had no clue whose sticky-sweet sperm had done the trick, but among dickgirls such things weren't particularly important. She knew all too well who her momma was, and that was good enough for both of them.

"Down the hill just yonder is the bunkhouse, where our farm hands all stay." Honey continued. "I hope you ladies don't take offense or find me racist, but since I do all the hiring around here, I only employ the biggest, blackest,most gorgeous, and obscenely hung men to take care of our heavy lifting. John says I'm just a big Cole-burning slut who loves black dick, except for his of course, and I have to admit, he's a particularly insightful man."

Again all the other girls giggled as the group continued further down the hill to a set of three large cabins. "And these of course," Honey offered. "Will be your dormitories. Each cabin has communal showers, five rooms with three beds each, and a common area for you ladies to relax when you're not working. I'll leave it up to you girls who you decide to bunk with, and I trust you won't do anything I wouldn't do when the lights are turned down low and the rest of the farm is fast asleep." She turned to the girls with a half lidded stare and licked her lips, emphasizing what they all already gathered. Screwing like wild bitches in heat was not only expected, but encouraged at MilkTitty Farms.

With a flourish Honey stopped at the foot of the first cabin's steps and turned to face her girls. She looked past them just up the hill along a circular path that would lead back up to the main house. "And that, of course, is the barn, where all of our little milkers stay. The bull girls are free to roam the farm, with some restrictions on where they can and cannot be during milking hours, and you all are free to mingle with them as you like as well. However, I would offer a little bit of a warning, which you can take as you like. During non-milking hours, if you're cute little asses happen to wander into the bull girls' barn, I wouldn't expect to get out of there any time soon. Don't plan on walking right for a few days after they finally decide to let you leave either." Again there was a chorus of laughter.

"Is that where Darlin stays?" Someone asked, which got Kelly's attention as well. She couldn't see from where the voice came, but turned to Honey just as interested in the answer. Honey smiled brightly from ear to ear.

"Darlin lives in the main house with Farmer John and me, and our pet Piggy girl Penny as well. Since she's the face of MilkTitty Farms, we give her extra special treatment, and as I'm sure a lot of you know, she's allowed to pick her own milkmaid out of your numbers. I expect she'll be doing the rounds sometime tomorrow getting to know some, if not all of you. Milking season doesn't begin for another two days, so you'll have that long to impress her if you want to spend your summer in that little cutie's company. Good luck girls."

With a wink and a nod, Honey set off, leaving Kelly and the new milkmaids to pick out their cabins and beds, her near naked ass peaking from beneath her dress as she waggled up the path and out of sight.

Kelly glanced after her as the rest of the girls skipped inside and bit the corner of her lower lip as she imagined her pretty little black bull girl milling about inside the main house. Starting tomorrow, she would have her work cut out for her winning Darlin's affections. What a shame it would be if she missed out on having that gorgeous black bull bitch cock all summer long.