 CHAPTER 2 – ROOMIES

Before any plotting or planning to win the affections of her pretty bull girl, Kelly had to get settled in, and so turned with the rest of the group in search of a cozy bunk and a place to store her things.

True to their nature, most of the other dickgirls had already begun pawing at one another and breaking off into tiny clicks with whom to share their living arrangements. A few were even growing closer than that already. Kelly had to smile as she caught a glimpse of a sexy huge busted redhead laying back on a couch in the common room; skirt tugged up and legs spread as a lovely little raven haired Asian girl hungrily and openly stroked and slobbered along the length of her new friend's wrist thick peaches and cream cock-shaft.

Venturing further into the cabin, Kelly found a room near the end of the hall that was surprisingly still empty, and so stepped inside and lay her bags out across a bed near the window; a cozy little twin sized bed with bronze bedposts, purple pillows, and a comforter to match. The window over the bed looked up the hill toward the main house, and in turn toward the object of Kelly's affections. It was perfect.

"Hey there." A voice from behind turned Kelly from the window and brought a smile to her face at a pair of twin girls standing in the doorway, loaded down with bags of all shape and sizes. "Got two beds left in here? We were hoping to share." The girls added. They were short, and adorable, and what they lacked in height they more than made up for in curves and attitude. Each one had platinum blonde hair, big beautiful blue eyes, and they wore matching skin tight jeans and little pink pullover sweaters. Their jeans were bursting at the seams with girl-dick, and the hopeful look in their eyes was almost as precious as the two were sexy.

"Sure." Kelly said with a smile sitting back on her bed and watching as the blondes struggled to bring in their bags. If she was going to be spending the summer rooming with two girls, she couldn't have picked a sexier pair, and twins at that. As much as she ached to kneel and worship at Darlin's cum filled cock-shank, she couldn't help but imagine a few naughty trysts between her and these two cuties as well.

"Thanks." One of the blondes spoke up, and the other followed suit as if to continue her sister's sentence. "We're almost never apart. Been that way since we were kids. Daddy says we're dependent on each other, but he doesn't know what it's like." Kelly watched as the pair even went out of their way to nudge their beds together so they could sleep side by side and listened as they went on about themselves in bubbly southern California beach babe fashion.

The girl's names were Cindy and Mindy, and though they were dick-girls like Kelly, they had been raised by a father instead of their mom. Apparently at some point in her pregnancy their mother had decided she wanted to alter her lifestyle.

They told a story about their mom having met a dick-girl, and having had an affair. She'd been introduced to Bull Butter, and began drinking it as her relationship with her husband had degenerated. When her cock appeared the marriage was over, and the girls would have gone with their mother once they were born, but for complications during childbirth that led to her sad demise. As a side effect of their mother's newly acquired taste for Ball Butter, they had been born with cocks and unmistakably female, and though the remembrance of his lost bride was etched on both of their young faces as well as in their bodily attributes, their father had loved them all the same.

"Daddy was never really wild like momma." Cindy began. "When we hit puberty and started getting all wild he wasn't prepared for it. Girls like us are still a minority in the normal world out there, so he hadn't a clue how to handle us, and when he walked in on Mindy throwing her love meat up my butt one night, he kind of lost it a little.

"He got all distant and things were never quite right at home, but he still loved us and all." Mindy added. "He also got super strict and real upset any time either of us was to open about who and what we were." As the girls talked they sat hip to hip on Mindy's bed and began to caress and cuddle one another. It was making Kelly's cock grow between her buns, and she was enjoying watching the pair in their petting almost as much as she was paying close attention to their story.

"Anyway, when we decided to come here to work the farm, he was against it at first, but he wasn't too hard to convince. He didn't want us doing anything naughty in his house, and we needed some freedom, so it all worked out for the best." Cindy spoke, craning her neck as her sister leaned in and began to kiss her up along its length toward her cute little ear. "We're taking the money we make from working here this summer and moving in together. That way we're out of Daddy's hair, and we can enjoy being together like we wanna."

"Speaking of......" Mindy said with a horny growl. "Do you mind if we........." She glanced to Kelly sitting across the room and batted her eyelashes as she was tugging her sister's sweater up over her big beautiful double F cups.

Kelly grinned from ear to ear as she shook her head with no protest, and leaned back on her own bed to take in the show.

With a chorus of giggles, Cindy and Mindy pounced on one another and tugged away their tops, tossing them to the floor in the center of the room. Both of them sported big beautiful titties, and each one was topped with a puffy pink nipple that looked poised to be suckled at. Kelly licked her lips and felt her mouth begin to water as they smashed their big tits together and wrestled their way up onto the bed, fingers clamoring to unzip and unbutton one another's jeans and kicking off their matching Chuck Taylors as they lost themselves in wet kisses and kitten-like purrs of pleasure.

Unzipping herself, and peeling off her bottoms, Kelly sat nearby and watched the two blondes in their foreplay, her own panties soaked with pre-cum, she peeled them down and tugged her long beautiful cock out from between her buns, all wet and slimy and growing harder by the second. She measured an impressive 18 inches, and her lovely dick was covered with veins and ridges; easily as thick as her wrist, and always aching to be played with.

The twins soon peeled themselves out of their panties as well; a pair of oozing 16 inch woman-dicks bouncing free and into sight, nudging against each other between the two lovely blonde's young hard bodies. Even as they kissed and mewled at one another, legs scissoring and hands searching out big naked asses, their dicks seemed to do a bump humping dance of their own; knobs smooshing, and roots rubbing so hard that Kelly imagined they may start a fire with the friction they were creating.

"Think we have an admirer sis." Mindy said with a giggle, her sister straddling her and licking her titties from right to left as they scissored their legs and rubbed their bloated balls together. Both girls glanced over to Kelly and took in the sight of her big beautiful cock from behind a veil of their blonde hair. They rose up together, a shared grin on their faces. "Be a shame to waste that fuckin gorgeous dick."

Kelly blushed from head to toe as the pair left their bed and crossed the room, bare-butt nekid and each of their dicks bobbing and leaking copious amounts of cum as they made their way to her. They held hands, and shared the same lovey sparkle in their eyes as they stopped at Kelly's bed and climbed right on along with her, without waiting for an invitation.

"I want her asshole." Mindy groaned, both her and her sister taking Kelly between them and manipulating her onto her side so they could sandwich her between their beautiful naked bodies.

"Good. Cause that cock is begging to be gagged on." Cindy responded. All three girls laughed as they played together, and both the twins slid down along Kelly's body, making sure to pause and lick trails of wetness along each and every tan line until they were staring intently at the objects of their desire.

Cindy toom hold of Kelly's big throbbing dick-meat and steered it between her big tits; toward her lovely mouth. Mindy tenderly spread Kelly's buns and groaned with pleasure as she took in the sight of her new roomie's pinkish brown anal-cunt and began to lick her lips as she moved in close.

Kelly peeled her top up and off, joining her new friends in their bare assed nudity, and threw her head back in pleasure as she felt them guide her as they liked. One wet pair of delicious lips encircled the head of her throbbing cock, as a twisting twirling little tongue began to work and wriggle its way against her horny little butt-hole. All the while she reached up herself, and started to tug and twist on her own nipples as she gave in to the desire to be used by these naughty nymphs as they liked.

Cindy was unreal in her skills as a cocksucker, and curled and coiled her tongue around the sides of Kelly's giant prick as she worked her mouth up and down along the length of it. At the base of the juicy dick-slab she wrapped both hands around it and began to twist them in alternate directions, pumping and stroking the last few inches of Kelly's dick as she nursed the tip and slopped her mouth up and down over 12 inches of scalding hot flesh, her spit dripping openly from the dick in her grip, and every ooey gooey drop of pre-cum that Kelly's cock had to offer was sucked down with hungry intent.

Mindy held apart Kelly's buns and spat on her wet ass-hole, leaning in and dragging her tongue across the puckering hole as she eyed it with horny desire. Soon she began to ease her fingers in and out of Kelly's butt when her tongue required a rest, and when the pink little treasure was so wet and dripping with her oral delights, she rose up and took her own cock in hand, pressing the bloated apple-shaped knob against Kelly's back-hole and easing it inside.

"Fuck!" Kelly gasped as she felt her pucker split wide and every inch of Mindy's throbbing girl-cock shoot deep up inside her in an almost violent thrust. "Oh god! Fuck me!" She begged, and looking down at Cindy beneath her, she whimpered with untold pleasure as she realized she was looking into the same big beautiful blue eyes that were staring down at her dick-shanked ass as well.

Huge titties smashed into Kelly's back as Mindy began to slop her meat in and out of her newfound lover, and it was all Kelly could do to keep from losing her mind to the pleasure as she gripped the sheets of her bed in her fists and held on, her eyes shut tight in ecstasy as she bucked between the twins humping her wet shaft in and out of Cindy's accepting mouth like she was pounding a pussy of her own.

Finally Cindy came up for air, and crawling up before Kelly, slammed her mouth down hard on Kelly's own. She accepted the kiss in turn, despite the wet cock sucking mess that adorned Cindy's pretty face, and the pair began to tug at one another's lips with their teeth like some sort of beasts coupling in the wild.

As they kissed, Cindy took hold of Kelly's big dick and slid in against her, her own cock nestled up between Kelly's titties as she guided the big dick in her hands beneath her low hung girl nuts and pushed it against her little beach babe butt-hole.

Kelly felt her face being pulled this way and that as Mindy took a turn swirling tongues with her over her shoulder, and then the tight sweet embrace of a Cindy's asshole took hold of her cock and eased down its length beneath her.

As Mindy slowed her pace, tenderly churning Kelly's ass butter, Cindy pushed her shitter down the entire length of their new roommate's big beautiful cock. Soon the trio were like one creature, bathed in spit and lust, and humping and writhing against each other on the bed.

"You're so tight." Mindy groaned. "Cindy, you have to try this sweet bitches pussy-pucker." Mindy groaned, hands on Kelly's hips and guiding her onto her knees with Cindy pinned beneath them and equally impaled. "Her little shit-pussy is like a vice. Oh Gawd!"

"Her cock is incredible sissy." Cindy cooed, laying back, legs up alongside both her lover and sister as Kelly moved her hips in tandem, spearing her asshole with dick-flesh as she got it good from behind. "I think we defiantly picked the right roomie.. Oh shit! I'm gonna cum!"

Kelly knew she couldn't hold out any longer either as she felt her own giant woman-cock burst off hard in Cindy's twitching ass; her cum sloshing against the inner pink walls of her lover's butt as she felt another stream of rich scalding hot baby-batter erupt not only between her big jiggling titties, but up her accepting ass as well.

The perfect orgasm rode its way through all of them, their dicks busting hard and unloading torrents of milky cum all inside and over one another as the trio screamed out their lust and slowly came down to earth together in a sticky sweet mess of their wet lust all about them.

Together they panted, dicks wet with cream and legs coiling and cuddling each other as Kelly snuggled between her two lovers on the tiny twin bed and they in turn caressed and stroked their shared fuck partner. Back and forth they kissed, and rubbed noses and bathed in the afterglow of their sex. When they finally became aware once again of the world around them, they could hear the tell-tale moans and groans from all the other rooms a a well.

The trio smiled and giggled at the realization, and listened to girl-dicked lovers sharing cock and ass all about them as they squirmed their naked bodies in a pool of warm cum.

"Oh we definitely came to the right place did." Mindy said as she mischeviously pulled Kelly's hefty tit and gum-drop nipple within nursing distance.

"I agree." Cindy said smiling, sitting up on her knees and openly fisting her semi hard fuck-organ. "This place is incredible. I can't wait to see what happens tomorrow."