 This story is written for my Master with all my love.

*****

My divorce was finalized two months ago and I needed a new environment. Moving to the city is a big change from the suburbs but ensures that I won't have to worry about chance encounters with him. The move was stressful by myself and just as the apartment gets set up and the kids settled, he gets them for the summer as per our agreement. It's an adjustment but I need to get used to it as this is my future. The few days the kids have been gone, work has kept me busy and my mind off the empty nest. It is now my first day off without them and it weighs heavy on me. Still not knowing anybody on a friendly basis, I decide I need to venture out on my own and maybe find some new friends or even a special someone. There is an establishment nearby I pass on my way to work called Feeders that has intrigued me, their website shows a restaurant and bar that transforms into a night club after hours. Their slogan is 'When life goes dark, we bring you back.' I find it a little odd but I want to drink my depression away and who knows, maybe a shy drunk mother of two will run into her next husband.

I spend two hours getting ready and I'm still not dressed. It did feel good shaving off all the hair from my vaginal area, something he would always protest. I apply more makeup than I've worn the entire length of my marriage and look thirty-four going on twenty-five. Perhaps if I had done this more often, my ex-husband wouldn't have started fucking that coffee shop barista he now lives with. The reflection of my body in the mirror says otherwise. A mother's body is on display with the heavy breast that droop and large dark nipples pointing down instead of forward. There is the added weight on my belly, hips, ass and thighs that I have never been able to lose. Then of course there's the stretch marks, the scars that my children left me to ensure I always remember the 18 months I carried them. I force the thought from my mind before I start crying and head to the closet. Thankfully the fashion designers know how to hide and enhance all these flaws. I settle on a black mesh lace fit and flare dress with a sheer neckline and sleeves with a pair of black flats to save my ankles.

I walk instead of drive, feeling comfortable enough with the local neighborhood to still feel safe. Now I won't have to worry about my car should I drink a little too much which is bound to happen with my current mental state. It doesn't take much for me to feel the effects alcohol but I do know how to keep myself out of trouble. It's a cool night out for Summer and the walk is enjoyable. The store fronts are all dark with the occasional food delivery place busy bringing late dinners to my neighbors. The road is busy with cars going nowhere in particular and I pass a few others out for a late night walk. A little over five blocks and I can see the sign. 

The night club entrance is off the side in an alley with signs leading the way. It is a little creepy, but a line has already formed and people are waiting which provides comfort in numbers. The way the younger woman dress suddenly make me feel my age again. So much is left uncovered and their perfect figures leave me feeling jealous of their youth. I am comforted to see that I am not alone in my age group. Surprisingly there are a few women who appear to be in the later years of their life. The number of women slightly outnumber men and the men that do wait accompany their dates. The patrons fill the time with idle conversations while I stand alone waiting.

I do carry on occasional short conversations with others but they don't last long. The bouncer walks the line and pulls a few women out as well as a couple. They bypass the line and they are allowed to enter. Otherwise, the line stays motionless. Red lights illuminate the alleyway and as the night progresses the air becomes cooler. Another pass ten minutes later and another group is allowed to enter. I start to wonder if this was all a mistake. A mother of two shouldn't be out at a club but sitting at home watching TV and eating tubs of ice cream and should be looking for a companion in church. What was I thinking, trying to be young again? I am pulled from this thought as a group of men walk up directly to the door bypassing the line. My eyes lock on one of the men for a few seconds and we hold each others gaze. I get that feeling in my stomach of nervousness and excitement, butterflies some would say. It passes as quickly as it came, watching him disappear through the doors.

Fifteen more minutes pass and I feel disheartened. Another wasted night, back to my empty apartment where it's bad TV and that tub of ice cream. The bouncer walks the line, listening in to an ear piece and speaks inaudibly to an unseen microphone. A few seconds and he points to me and pulls me from the crowd. I am frozen for a brief second, and then follow as he pulls me by my arm. Walking past those waiting, a blur of faceless bodies but I can feel their stares watching jealously as I am escorted to the door. The music gets louder as I get closer and you can feel it penetrate you. He puts a band around my wrist and then opens the door for me and I am inside.

I am instantly overcome with that feeling that this is somewhere I should not be. It has been at least a decade since I last frequented a night club. The loud music is disorientating, the people bunched in groups make it difficult to walk. I get this feeling as though I'm being watched but everybody I see ignores me as I walk around bouncing off of bodies. It is just light enough to see where you're going and who you are bumping into. The atmosphere matches what I had seen on their website, just darker with red lighting and so many people. I finally spot the bar and slowly make my way. It is in a separated by a wall with a doorway and this area is a little more quiet and lit up. The tables from the restaurant allow for a place to relax from dancing and to enjoy a drink.

I finally make it to the bar and use a little trick I learned when I was younger to get the bartenders attention. Lean over the bar and putting my modest cleavage on display, he finishes with the patron he is serving and comes to me. I still have it, I smile to myself which doubles as innocent flirting. 

"Can I get a Long Island Iced...", I'm suddenly interrupted by hands on my waist. Startled, I jump and look behind me to see those eyes that I seen earlier while waiting outside. His voice is deep and commanding, "She'll have a sparkling water with lemon, on my tab." The bartender nods and prepares the drink. The man's eyes pull me in and I am overcome with a calmness, an odd comfort that I shouldn't feel with a complete stranger. "It's dangerous for a beautiful woman like yourself to be drinking alone. Who knows, someone might take advantage of you." His hands are still on my hips but I don't mind. His eyes have done something to me, built a trust with just his look alone. He nods to the bartender as he hands me the drink and then leads me to a table hidden away.

He pulls two chairs so they face each other, the edge of the table is a small but ineffective barrier. He leans close to me, his hand midway up my thigh. I am overcome with a warmth. I should be nervous as men are never this forward with me, ever. I should be asking for space but I don't. His eyes, dark yellow, have a grip on me that I can't escape but oddly enough don't wish to. He uses this force against me, it leaves me vulnerable and open. I feel compelled to the truth and I speak openly and honestly, holding nothing back. He introduces himself.

I learn his name is Jonathan and he is part of a group who owns the establishment we sit in. He is one of twenty investors. He explains the establishment isn't a source of income but has other perks making it a worthwhile investment. He subtly turns up the flirting, casually hinting that when he saw me in line he knew he'd have to make an appearance. As he talks a warmth continues to blanket me and I find myself becoming more and more attracted to him. His fingers traveling to the insides of my thighs go unprotested. Listening to him and feeling his touch, my mind begins to wander. I remember reading that a woman knows within the first few minutes if she is willing to sleep with a man and I, now for the first time, believe that to be true. He smiles as though he can read my thoughts and his hand moves further up my thigh and I become very self aware of my current arousal. "Enough about me, I am very interested to learn more about you."

I speak as though he is a friend I have known for years and I'm telling my deepest secrets too. I don't have any skeletons in my closet but that is the feeling I get as I open up to this man I have only known for such a short time. I talk of my divorce and how I moved to just get away. I tell him where my apartment is and that I am a mother, even the hospital where I work. He learns of the depression I am feeling and that it has been close to a year since I have last had sex. Intimate and personal details flow from me with no filters in place and I feel okay with this. He lets me vent and just listens and he soon knows my life's story. The questions he ask show he is paying attention and wants to know more, I give freely.

The time has disappeared and the crowd is now thinned and the music less intense. I don't know how much time has passed and I don't care. Is this what they call love at first sight or is it something more, the way his eyes penetrate deep into my soul? He moves his hand from my thigh and takes my hand, "Would you like to go somewhere more private? I have an apartment here where we can continue this further. A few proper drinks, with someone safe."

Normally, every thread of my being would be screaming no but I am drawn to him. His demeanor is comforting and pulls at me, there is no thoughts protesting his invitation. "I would like that." I reply shyly. He stands and offers his hand. He nods to the bartender who presses a button hidden under the counter that opens a hidden doorway. He escorts me through and we are standing in an empty room with only another door. The one we just passed through shuts and seals behind us and for the first time I feel a little fear. The room is well lit and I can see him clearly, handsome and charming. He can sense my fear and pulls me close to him so that my body is touching his, his eyes again lock to mine. Staring into me, I can feel him massage away the anxiety and he puts me in a trance like state. His words become my reality and the fear fades. 

"Through these doors you will see things that would disturb many people, but not you. You understand that these women are here on their own free will and do so in order to protect the population. They have been given a new life, one that is much more pleasurable than their previous but it does come with a cost. They feel a hunger like never before, both a physical hunger and a sexual hunger that can mix with fatal consequences. We prevent that, keeping them and those they would normally harm safe. We are what you know of as vampires. The stories you have probably heard are lies and exaggerations but we can be dangerous. You are safe. I will keep you safe, always. You desire this new life and I will give it to you."

I nod in agreement feeling his words influence my thoughts and feeling them as my own.

We walk through the doorway into a large room filled with smaller living areas, all with glass walls. Some are vacant, others with women in various stages of sexual acts performed on themselves. We pass one such room where a woman is being taken by a man, his fangs exposed and eyes glowing yellow as he thrust his hips forcefully into her. She watches us from her hands and knees as we walk past. I stop briefly, touching the glass wall where she brings her hand to mine and smiles lustfully. I watch momentarily as they fuck, her breast swaying forward and back each time he pushes into her. He pulls me softly by my arm and I reluctantly follow. We reach his apartment and I look back one last time. A woman who is masturbating smiles at me and nods, I hear her voice filling my my thoughts telling me it is worth it. Again he gently pulls at my arm and I'm lead into his room.

The room is similar to those we just passed through but private and slightly nicer amenities. He sits me on a couch and hangs his suit jacket on a hanger before joining me. He again takes my hand and looks into me. I can feel him, his thoughts become mine and his desires mine as well. He speaks with his voice instead of the connection he has formed between us for the intimacy of oral communication. 

"I am giving you a new life. You will still raise your children as before but we will provide a highly trusted caregiver to sit in while they sleep and you will return to me. You can still work and help those you care for. I will provide for you, the money you earn can be saved for your kids as you will have no need for it. I will provide for those urges that fill you and in turn you will feel no pain. Sadness will never be an emotion you feel again. You just have to give yourself to me."

"Why me?" my voice calm but curious.

His hand now on my thigh, inches from my sex. "You're beautiful and naturally submissive, already a mother and unhappy with your life. Our numbers are small, less than a hundred. We need women to have offspring and bring forth more full bloods. Those numbers are even less, currently at fourteen and all but two under the human age of thirteen." His fingers are now pressing against the swollen lips of my pussy; my mouth falls open as I gasp in air. "You join us, become mine." His lips now against my ear and a finger traces along the outline of my slit through the panties, and as it reaches my clitoris he whispers, "Give in to me and join us."

That very moment I am subjected to a life changing event. I don't know if it was because it was the first time in close to a year that I have been touched by someone else or his ability to take over my mind but I don't resist. I moan as his finger presses into me and I cry out, "Yes, please yes." His finger hooks my chin and our lips meet in our first kiss. As our tongue dance, I trace his fangs that have extracted. There is a pleasant taste from a thick fluid dripping down them that fills me with a sexual lust I have never experienced before. I later learn that it is this chemical that will forever change me but for the moment it is my drug and I crave more.

He speaks bluntly as he interrupts our kiss, "My cock will be your last memory of this life, and the first of your new."

I am speechless. His finger are exploring me, pressing the fabric of my panties into my flesh. My breast are swollen and my bra feels tight and uncomfortable. My overly sensitive nipples fighting against the padding that hides them, sending electric pleasure pulses through my chest, neck and abdomen. My head falls back to a rest on the sofa and my breathing is erratic. Soft moans accompany my exhales. He has found another one of my weaknesses, placing small kisses on my neck. As he kisses, he randomly presses his fangs against my flesh but not with enough force to puncture my skin. I know it is coming soon and my heart races but I'm not fearful. My body may be afraid but my mind is focused only on lust.

He sits up and reluctantly pulls his hands back to his lap, "Undress for me, slowly."

I suddenly become nervous. I can feel my legs shaking as I stand and my mind races with negative thoughts. I am a mother of two and have the scars to prove it. What if he is turned off by my stretch marks, or the sag of my breast? I am frozen, so close to the sex I desperately crave and now he'll be disgusted by my body. He can hear the thoughts racing through my mind. He stands next to me placing his arms on my shoulders, turning me slightly. He reaches for the zipper of my dress and teases it before speaking in a reassuring voice, "The transformation will rejuvenate your appearance, just as it did for those women you passed on your way here. I wish to visually enjoy this last time, the way a human woman should look. Women conceive and grow children in their wombs. The changes that makes to your body is beautiful and nothing to be ashamed of."

My heart skips; his words make me desire him that much more. I reach back for the zipper struggling to find it. His fingers help me and then he steps back watching as I slowly free my body from the dress. I find myself a little embarrassed that I didn't plan ahead as the dress falls freely to the floor and I am left standing in unmatched bra and panties. He twirls his finger indicating he wishes me to spin and I do so slowly. He seems pleased and nods for me to continue. I reach back and struggle with the clasps on my bra, taking a few moments before finally freeing the three hooks. He watches my breast as the bra slides slowly down my arms and to the floor. My breast drop, my nipples now a quarter of their natural size. The areola wrinkled and firm, darker than the normal soft pink. His fingers brush across one, then the other. He smiles then nods his head down. I turn my back towards him and hook my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and slowly pull down, leaning forward as I do. My ass fights to hold on to the fabric finally giving way. The crotch is darkened by my arousal, a clear thick fluid stretches before breaking and finding my inner thigh. The panties roll as I slide them down, past my knees and to my ankles. I can smell myself as I bend forward, woodsy with musky notes. 

Starting to stand, I can feel his presence next to me. His hands find my hips and hold me as I become vertical and he pulls me against him. I close my eyes and focus on this feeling, his strong hands gripping my hips and the expensive fabric of his clothes against my back. It is the feeling of his erect cock nuzzled between the cheeks of my ass that I am finally comforted knowing he is indeed not disturbed by my body. I inhale deeply as his hands move up my sides and cup my breast. He places a gentle kiss on my neck which is followed by a quick sharp pain. It happens quickly and as I cry out in surprise the pain becomes numb and he is licking the wound. He was injecting me with small dose of his toxin, just enough so that I feel that sexual high that it provides. 

He pushes gently on my shoulders forcing me to my knees. He walks around me and I am face level with the bulge in his trousers and he lifts my face with a finger under my chin. "Free him, and kiss him."

Without hesitation I unbuckle his belt and quickly work the button and zipper holding his pants up. I pull both his pants and underwear down with one motion and his hard cock slaps against his stomach with a thump. My left hand cradles his smaller package while my right guides his member to my lips. I give two quick kisses and then lick the length of him until I reach the head. The skin is soft against my tongue, a mild salty taste of his excitement. I can hear him sigh with approval as my warm lips wrap around him and slowly move down his length. I reach the fingers of my hand holding him and then pull back in a corkscrew motion. My saliva mixes with his precum, lubricating both him and my lips making it easier for him to go deeper and deeper. His grunting and breathing encourages me, eager to please his thick member. I can feel him begin to throb. "Not yet." he says through heavy breath with a handful of my hair in his fist.

Some time while I was fellating him he undressed the rest of his clothes. He pulls me up by my hair and then pulls my body close. His cock throbs against my lower belly and we kiss as lovers. I have known this man just a few hours and already feel as though it has been a lifetime. That sweet taste is present again and my tongue slowly goes numb. He guides me to the couch not breaking the kiss until I am seated. He sits back, resting on his feet. My eyes open and focus on him as he parts my knees. We look at each other briefly before he starts kissing my inner thigh, moving higher with each kiss. He stops just short of my pussy and looks to me with a quick smile.
