 CHAPTER 3 - MILK MATES

Kelly woke the next day with the warmth of the sun on her face. Her horny roomies had left her to her restful slumber and no doubt were off someplace enjoying the sweet wet of one another's pink little pucker-cunts, if not luring some unwitting sweetie into a no-holes barred three way for a repeat of what they'd done with Kelly the night before.

It was mid morning, and as Kelly rose to her feet and admired her naked body in the full length mirror at the corner of their room, she licked her lips and gave her throbbing morning sex a gentle pumping; her hot cock still sticky-sweet from ass, and her body funky with the smell of dick-girl sex.

Grabbing a towel and a little travel bag filled with lotions and shampoo, Kelly stepped out of her room and made her way down the hall bare-butt naked, enjoying the freedoms of her new summer home. She passed by a pretty little redhead who was just as nude, and the pair shared a polite wink and unspoken promise to get to know one another later on.

Glancing back over her shoulder as the girl passed, Kelly took in the beauty of her bubble butt and an adorable dusting of freckles at her lower back just above it. She considered following her. Her morning hard-on was so swollen with need she wondered if the little cutie might not mind being bent over the banister and brutally butt-cocked on the spot.

Kelly wasn't watching where she was going, and with a resounding smash, slammed full on into another curvy body that had unexpectedly stepped out in front of her. She lost her footing and came down hard on her rump, then quickly shaking herself out of her daze, looked up to apologize for her fault. When she did, she froze; voice caught in her throat as she took in the goddess of big black she-bull cock before her.

"Well hey there honey-pie. You okay?" It was Darlin, the chocolate skinned giant tittied, and equally enormously dicked bull-girl spokes-cow for all of MilkTitty farms, and the object of Kelly's most obscene and romantic fantasies for years as well. She was barely five foot nothing, though thick and curvy beyond belief, and her big golden eyes, adorable little horns, and gigantic titties were even more incredible in real life than Kelly could ever have dreamed. "You shoo took you a spill honey... Here."

Darlin reached out to help Kelly to her feet and brought her up and close to her body, her naked black cock touching Kelly's own as she curled her arms around Kelly's lower back and pressed balls, knob, and shaft with the pretty new milk maid. Kelly almost came at the intimate contact; dick to dick with her fantasy girl.

"I'm Darlin. You ain't never worked here before huh?" The pretty bull girl purred, all the while cock-rubbing with Kelly as tenderly as if they had been lovers for years; their fleshy meat bumping knobs and both their little cum holes leaking yummy cummy dollups of precum. "This is how we hug here at MilkTitty Farms. Nothin sweeter than rubbing dicks y'know."

"Your cock is sticky, and Mmmmmmmm." Darlin took a long deep sniff. "You smell like you been fuckin too. I like to go dirty dicked after I fuck sometimes. Looks like you was gonna take a shower though. Wanna little company?"

Kelly was still speechless. She could only stand there and enjoy the cock rubbing as she stared at the beautiful bull girl standing before her. When Darlin finally let go, reaching down to gather up Kelly's bathing things, she found herself powerless as the adorable bull girl turned and pulled her along in the direction of the communal showers down the hall.

"You're so incredible." Kelly finally managed as she was tugged along behind Darlin, her eyes locked on the fat black bull ass swaying from side to side before her. She watched Darlin's cute little cow girl tail swish this way and that and felt her already hard cock bulge to never before felt fatness.

Darlin glanced back over her shoulder with a grin. "So she can speak huh?" She teased. "Glad to see them purty lips and tongue have a use beyond what I have planned for them, even if I plan to be shushing you up pretty soon anyhow."

Kelly blushed at that, and Darlin giggled in turn as she led her milkmaid lover into a little shower stall and turned on the water. The stalls were there to act as separators and shelves for bathing supplies, but not nearly capable of hiding their occupants from sight. All around her Kelly could see other girls doubled up, and even some three or four crammed into a stall in various stages of fucking, ass stretching, throat bulging, and titty bouncing sex. There were even a couple of other bull girls who had apparently ventured into the milkmaids cabin to meet the new arrivals, much as Darlin had.

"I think you're incredible." Kelly repeated in a cuteish little whimper as Darlin stepped beneath the warm shower spray and brought a pink bar of soap between them, beginning to wash their big beautiful tits as they got to know each other. "I came to MilkTitty farms because of you. I was hoping maybe you might like me to be your milkmaid this year."

Darlin listened intently as Kelly continued, bringing her fat chocolate love-jugs up against the pretty human's own, and using her tits to spread the soap and rub it in deeper. Their dicks were both rock hard, and arched up beneath their gorgeous breasts; the seeping knobs hidden beneath their huge soapy orbs grinding together in a sudsy soapy spermy heaven. "I know I can be a good one. I've watched the videos that MilkTitty Farms produces, and I even read the manual Farmer John published: "The care and milking of Bull Girls.""

Darlin smiled, hands sliding behind Kelly's shoulders and pulling her in so their giant tits could roll and smoosh together as she hooked one little baby hoof-like foot around the back of Kelly's calve.

"I don't usually pick me a first year girl." Darlin smiled and gave the side of Kelly's face a long tender lick. "Most new girls like to fuck around and swap hot cum with all the others their first year. They like going from dick to dick and even do the rounds in the milking barn. I need me a special girl; one who's crazy for my cock and ball butter; one who's all mine."

Kelly trembled as she hung on Darlin's every word, and reluctantly, she pulled away, turning to offer her naked ass as she placed her hands on the low partition between the showers and raised up on her tip toes, spreading her legs and arching her back. Tossing her long hair she glanced back over her shoulder at the beautiful black Bull-girl with an inviting smile.

"I know what you need Darlin." Kelly groaned like a horny lion. "You need a girl who can hold all of that gorgeous cock in her little pink ass, and take your milk, and fucking bathe in it, and pleasure your big black titties and butt and mouth as well." She shook her naked soapy ass from side to side and undulated her hips as she felt Darlin staring hungrily at her puckered asshole.

"I don't care about money. I don't care about the free bull-girl titty milk, or the other girls delicious ball butter." Kelly mewled. "I came here for you, you beautiful black bitch bull. Mmmmm please.. Give me that fat cock!"

Darlin laid her hands on Kelly's haunches and stroked her sweet tanned flesh. She ran her fingers along the cutie's tan lines and licked her lips at the tiny puckered milking hole between her cheeks. Her fat ebony cock rose between Kelly's buns and she gasped at the heat between them. She could even feel the gorgeous milk-maid's dirty pucker-cunt kissing the under-shaft of her twitching cock-stalk.

Darlin bit her lower lip as she steered her giant black knob between Kelly's cheeks. Her fat apple sized knob barely touched the pink wrinkled folds of Kelly's pucker, and then, slam! she buried herself deep inside in one brutal ass claiming thrust.

"FUCK!!!!!!" Kelly screamed at the top of her lungs as over two foot of arm thick ebony cock slammed up into her guts and forced her organs aside. Her tiny hole was stretched taught and glistening wet as Darlin slowly withdrew from her milkmaid ass, and watched the slimy pink sleeve of Kelly's inner hole hug her black trunk along its length until only the swollen head remained inside.

SLAM! SLAM! SMACK! SPUTTER! Darlin began to pound her giant black club-cock in and out of Kelly's asshole, jamming her meat into the tight holed human girl with violent thrusts and then slowly and sensually tugging her cock-shaft out as she caressed Kelly's naked back and buns, only to jam her dick balls-deep inside her once more.

"Oh gawd!" Kelly gripped the partition and whined as she was butt fucked by Darlin's ungodly dick-shank. It hurt so wonderfully, and her own balls would jump and bounce along with her huge tits at each and every thrust. Her cock was now harder than it had ever been; the wet knob smashed against the partition as she took the fucking of her life from behind.

"So pretty..." Darlin whimpered in mid pounding. "Little pucker and pretty wet butt....." She spoke like she was on the edge, and even with as many tight little milkmaid assholes as she had had over the years, she couldn't remember one as sweet, or one that could take her so fucking deep. What's more? This milkmaid pushed backup and arched her ass for more. Most cried and whimpered. Not Kelly. Kelly's asshole was a pussy for bull dick. Darlin couldn't believe how sweet she felt inside.

"Mine!" Darlin grunted as she rooted her meat in Kelly's anal cave. She closed her eyes and nestled their big dripping balls together as the water sprayed down over their bodies. "My heifer. Mmmmm my love whore!" She purred, then withdrew her cock to half mast and buried it hard once more.

All around Them other girls were butt-sexing with one another as well. Even Kelly's sexy twin roomies had found their way to join in the fun. One was making ass-hole love to the other as some nameless bull girl eased in behind them.

"Unngghh." Kelly felt the giant black dick removed from her ass, and quickly turned to see what was wrong. She ached to go on, her asshole stretched like she had just given birth from it; she looked to Darlin with a trembling lower lip, weak in the knees for more fucking.

"Want my dick milked..." Darlin demanded with a groan, standing there with both hands pounding up and down her big chocolate shaft. "Your ass soooo tight. I love to fuck it. Mmmm you wanna be my special one. Show me. Oh gawd girl... I gotta give my milk!!! Now!"

Kelly dropped to her knees on the hard wood floor. This time Darlin turned and offered her ass up to her lover, pushing her dick and balls back between her legs and ass cheeks as she leaned over and felt Kelly take her giant black cock in both hands.

Kelly had dreamed of this, and pressed her lips and tongue to Darlin's giant girth, both her hands sliding up and down the ass greased length of her pretty bull girl as she tugged darlin's cock back even more and slid it between her tits for added pleasure.

If they had been in the barn there would be a special bucket between Kelly's legs to collect the sweet fuck-milk, but this was intimate and just for them, so she openly rubbed Darlin's black veiny log against her own raging dick and began to bounce; her sweat, soap, and fuck slickened body rubbing Darlin from nuts to knob as she groaned her own horny pleasure and smashed her face between Darlin's buns.

"Mmmmmmmmmmoooooooooo!" Darlin threw her head back and groaned as she felt the flesh of her own asshole being lapped by the flat of a womans tongue. Kelly seemed to have six hands as she mauled the bull girls giant cock and balls and stroked her thighs and caressed her lower back. She longed to memorize every vein and bathe in pools of Darlin's delicious cream. Since the first time she'd seen the beautiful bull-girl she'd known that she had to be with her.

Darlin gasped out loud, wide open smiling mouth, and eyes closed tight, as gallons of thick cream rushed down the length of her swollen cock and erupted with a splatter of hot wet SPLOOSH! all over Kelly's lap and the floor beneath them.

Kelly smashed her face in between Darlin's big black balls and screamed out in pleasure as she felt her entire lower half saturated in wave after wave of cum. Still she went on, body fucking that giant black dick as her own big pink girl cock burst in a few long wet ropes of it's own, her human cum mixing with Darlin's and adding to their sodden mess as she held on to ride out her bull girl's incredible orgasm for all to see.

Panting, Darlin and Kelly came together on their knees, lips meeting for the first time in a long sensual kiss. Each of them scooped up wads of creamy cum and they smiled impishly, and fed it to each other while they cuddled close.

The rest of the shower had gone quiet, and laying together in their own spunk, the pair looked up to see several smiling faces looking down on them, warm loving stares that told them that all the girls who had watched their first milking knew that they belonged together. A fact that both Kelly and Darlin felt in both their hearts.