 Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade

As much as Kelly would have loved to spend her first day worshipping the fat black length of Darlin's cock, before she could truely begin her new job as a proper MilkMaid, she had to be trained. So, after cleaning up a bit and changing into the cute little milkmaid outfit that was commonplace at MilkTitty farms, Kelly skipped happily down to the milking barn where Honey, the incredibly sexy farmer's wife was already instructing a group of first year milkers.

"This is your milking station girls." Honey began. She was wearing a red and white checkered half top, tied in front to contain her giant titties and not another stitch, her big beautiful cock-slab hanging lewdly between her thighs almost to her knees and glistening with wetness; Kelly could only guess who's bottom had recently been wrapped around it.

The milking station was a small enclosure not all that unsimilar to a horses stall, with a grey marble floor and a tiny wading pool in the center. Beside the pool was a padded stool and a couple of large containers that looked like they could contain a few gallons of cream each.

"Now if I could have a volunteer. Ill show you ladies how your equipment works and the proper way to handle one of our beloved milkers." Honey continued, undoing her top and letting it fall to the ground as she kicked it away and freed her naked body for all to see; a set of big beautiful peaches and cream udders of her own bouncing atop her chest, and two fat fist sized nipples just begging to be milked atop them.

"How bout you there cutie pie." Honey said with a horny little wink and lip licking smile in Kelly's direction. "From what I hear, you've already made quite the impression on our lovely Darlin. You're gonna have your hands full with that little cream machine. Best get started practicing right away."

Kelly blushed as she stepped forth and the other girls made way for her. She had only just left Darlin, but word seemed to travel fast at MilkTitty farms. Using her wet little hole and fuck crazed horniness she'd managed to attract the attentions of her long lusted after bull girl, but if she could impress Honey as well, her place as a preferred milker at MilkTitty would be ensured for as long as she liked.

"How shall I,,,, Or rather. What do I do first Ma'am?" Kelly asked. "Don't we need a bull girl?"

Honey just smiled as she stepped into the wading pool and brought her hands up to her large luscious tits. She pinched both her fat pink nipples between her thumb and forefingers and the girls watched as long wet rivers of milk flowed from between her fingers and down her naked body into the pool at her feet. "Mmmmmooooooooo." She teased, and Kelly giggled as she stepped to the edge of the pool ready to begin.

"First things first sweetie." Honey instructed, her eyes glancing down to some equipment beside the pool. "As you well know, all of our little bull girls are big dicked fuckers. Darlin in particular is a major hand full at times. If she had her way she'd spend all her time beating down pink little milk maid puckers like yours, and never bother getting milked at all."

"When you ladies are on duty, its up to you to take charge of our horny little bulls. To ensure they obey you, you'll have to harness them. They've all been trained from day one that while they wear their harness, they are to obey and be the submissive. Once you get them into it, they'll be puddy in your hands." Honey said with a smile.

Kelly followed the lovely redhead's gaze to a soft black leather bunch of straps and little chrome rings. She picked it up and inspected it. It was similar to a kinky bondage harness, designed to fit around the bull girl's big juicy titties, neck, buns, and cock. The straps covered nothing of course, and lifted and separated pretty bull ass and titties. At a nod from Honey she lowered the outfit and held open the straps so Honey could step in and allow her milkmaid to dress her in the kinky fetish wear.

Tightening the straps in place, Kelly adjusted them so that Honey's cheeks were well parted and her large luscious titties lifted up and poised for proper handling. Beneath her dress her dick was growing fatter by the second, and Honey's own cock was large and throbbing as well, the tip dribbling with wet beeds of hot pre-cum.

Kelly was kneeling, her face alongside Honey's gorgeous dick, and as she tightened the last straps at the farm misstress's curvy hips, she couldn't resist the urge to draw her tongue up along the fat pinkish-tan shank of the beautiful dick before her.

"Mmmmm. Feels so nice." Honey ran her fingers through Kelly's hair and looked down at her bright eyed lover, who in turn was looking up at her. It was clear why Darlin had chosen this beautiful teenaged fuck angel. Kelly didn't just know how to kiss and lick cock, she absolutely worshipped it.

"Now then," Honey continued her instruction, hesitant to finish the lesson as she stood transfixed on the pretty wet lips sliding up one side of her giant cock and back down the other. She bit her own lip to keep from groaning in pleasure as Kelly encircled her cock knob and began to swab her tongue up and down the delicious cum hole, their eyes never broken as the gorgeous teen jabbed and twisted her tongue into Honey's gooey sperm slit.

"Next girls." Honey managed with a hesitant whimper, reluctantly cupping the side of Kelly's face and beckoning her to stand and gather some more of the equipment beside the wading pool. "The nipple tubes must be fitted onto your lovely bull, to gather her milk."

Kelly found the tubes without much trouble; each one a long sexy wine glass shape with a hose at it's end to allow the free flow of warm bull milk into the containers nearby. Taking them in hand, she hefted Honey's watermelon tits one by one and opened her lips around her teacher's fat milk dripping nipples.

Honey's pink titty-tips were soft and squishy like oversized marshmallows, and the tiniest tug on them caused a river of delicious milk to slosh across Kelly's tongue and down her throat. She could feel her big dick jump with each mouthful she was fed, and once she'd properly spit greased each of Honey's hot nubs, she fitted them one by one into the milking tubes.

Honey cooed with pleasure as the natural suction of the tubes took hold of her fat nipples, and the girls all looked on in awe as her fat pink titty-tips began to swell and expand inside the milking tubes. Kelly had a front row seat as she watched both of her teachers nipples elongate and bloat to perverse thickness in the tubes; each one fattening to fill the eight inch deep three inch wide receptacles entirely; warm gooey human milk flowing freely down the hoses into the containers nearby.

"Fuuuccckkk!!" Honey groaned out loud at the pleasure. She closed her eyes and wrapped both hands around the back of Kelly's head pulling her in between her big juicy tits. "Feels sooo fucking good! Mmmmmm and its ten times more intense for a bull girl ladies. Their nipples are as super sensitive as their cocks, and their milk is like titty cum. Every milking for them is like a non stop tittygasm. Oooooooo shit!!!!!"

Reaching for the milking tubes, Honey gripped both of them and pulled her titties free with a loud and wet resounding pop. Her nipples remained engorged and leaking for a few moments before slowly shrinking back down to size. She stood on weak knees, panting with Kelly before her.

"Of course I don't have nearly the milk of one of our pretty bull girls." Honey said with a tender smile to the watchful milkmaids. "They can give several gallons in a single milking, and it'll be up to you girls to gather every single drop."

"Now...." Honey fought to regain her composure and continue, her hands sliding down around Kelly's hips and holding her close as she spoke to the other girls in her teaching circle. "Titty milk is of course our primary produce here at the farm, but as you are all also well aware, we let no creamy bull girl goo go to waste. Milking a bull girl's dick however, is an entirely different thing."

Guiding Kelly over to the padded stool beside the wading pool, Honey reached behind the lovely teen and untied her apron with a gentle tug. After that, she slid her dress up slowly revealing Kelly's lovely legs and her beautiful bare naked ass and cock.

Blushing adorably with so many eyes on her young makes charms, Kelly sat down on the stool. She was nude from the waist down, her giant dick jutting up and out from between her perfect thighs at a throbbing and incredibly sexy curve. Honey tenderly ran her fingers along the swollen teenaged cock knob and several inches of Kelly's shaft, then turned and backed her naked ass up against it as she addressed the other girls once more.

"We tried for a long while to manufacture a cock tube resilient enough to contain one of our lovely bull girl's big cum dripping cocks," Honey began. "but to no avail. Bull girl dicks bulge and throb and twitch, and even the strongest material is no match for them when they are at full fuck-mast. Steel is to hard and cold, plastic to brittle, and glass obviously not an option."

She paused in her speech to reach back behind her and guide Kelly's cock between her cheeks, the sexy teen purring in untold pleasure as she sat back on her padded stool with her hands down beside her, gripping the seat and watching as her fat cock knob disappeared into Honey's pretty pink butt-hole.

"The only way...... to..... milk a bull girl's ball cream......" Honey spoke in between shallow gasps, as she brought one naked foot up onto one of Kelly's knees and slowly pushed her ass-hole down the length of her student's raging cock. "Is to fu.... fuck her.... Mmmmmm until her cock busts naturally."

Honey let her words trail off as she began to stir her ass around with half of Kelly's throbbing length inside of her. All around them young milk maids had hiked up their dresses and began to stroke and tug on their swollen dicks as the teacher lowered her buns further and further down Kelly's length, fucking herself in a show of shameless asshole stretching pleasure.

Kelly rose up to add her own lust to the fun, tugging the little strings of her peasant blouse and corset until her big titties were free to bounce, and then taking hold of Honey's bull girl harness and beginning to fuck her in earnest.

Honey groaned with pleasure as she placed her hands on her knees and arched her back, head craned over her shoulder and eyes glazed with lust as she saw Kelly looking down between them where teachers ass-hole met students big beautiful cock.

Other girls lost self control and turned to the milkmaid student nearest to them with hunger in their eyes. Dresses were hiked, legs were spread, and bottoms were raised to receive cock as pairings formed; some without even knowing one another's names, and an ass fucking frenzy ensued.

The wading pool at the milking rooms center had at it's own center a little drain that was designed to catch and collect cum. Honey had intended to finish her lesson by instructing the girls of this fact, and asking them to try their best to stay near the wading pool so that when the time came, the precious, expensive, and highly sought after bull girl cum could be deposited in the wading pool. They would have to have that lesson later on though. Kelly's cock just felt far to fucking good for her to concentrate on anything but her pleasure.

Amongst twisting bodies, groaning moaning dick stuffed mouths, and all manner of wet stringy juices flung across naked flesh from every which direction, Kelly and Honey maneuvered themselves into the little wading pool and into an intimate missionary position; Kelly's cock still buried balls deep in Honey's ass, and her sexy teacher laid out on her back with her legs wrapped around her lover, and her bare toes clenching in the fleshy pillows of Kelly's ass.

"I can feel your hot spunk in my butt baby." Honey purred as she ran her hands up and down Kelly's naked neck and down across her pendulous titties. "You came in my bubble-cunt twice already, and you're still so hard. Mmmmmm. Darlin sure knows how to pick em."

Kelly blushed. Her dress had been tossed aside entirely in the midst of her and Honey's anal love making, and she pressed her hot tummy down against her lover with Honey's own spent cock wedged between them in a mess of sticky wet ropes of cum. "My momma told me what a sweet pussy-butt you had." Kelly purred in return. "She didn't do it justice. I could fuck your ass for days."

They kissed, each licking sperm from one anothers cheeks and then feeding it to one another. Their slow fuck continued for several long minutes as the other girls screwed in a cum slopping orgy all around them, until eventually even Kelly's insatiable cock fell free of the tight grip of Honey's pussy-pucker.

"Who was your momma, if you don't mind my asking?" Honey asked as the crowd began to thin out and she helped Kelly back into her dress.

Kelly beamed. "Do you remember a girl named Candy? That was her. She said you use to gut her with your big fat cock. Do you remember her?"

Honey looked for a moment like she had seen a ghost. No girl that had ever worked at MilkTitty farms had been as memorable as Candy. She and Honey had butt fucked almost daily, and spent more creamy loads in one another than anyone else. They'd had something far more intense than lust, and had it not been for Honey's husband and her love for him, she would have made Candy a permanent resident of MilkTitty farms, and her she-dicked bride as well.

Honey did the math in her head as she stared into Kelly's eyes, then swallowed hard at the realization that she'd come to. Only a futa girl could ever impregnate another futa girl, and that last night that Candy and her had shared together so many years ago had left both their assholes overflowing with cream. Kelly was her daughter. She'd never been more sure of anything in her life. She couldn't believe it, but she'd have to talk to Candy to know for sure.