 Kelly lounged in the warmth of a beautiful sunset beside the cool and sparkling waters of MilkTitty lake. Tucked behind the main property and down a short path through the woods, the creamy white waters of the lake provided a cool and refreshing break for all the hard working girls at the farm.

For years, since the farm first opened, milkmaids and bull girls alike had frequented the lake, their bodies slathered in cum, milk, and all manner of bodily juices. Over time the copious amounts of fuck cream had permanently mixed with the water, and thanks to a naturally occurring spring nearby that fed the lake and circulated its contents, the mixture was kept fresh and clean of any unwelcomed impurities.

Nearby Kelly could see her cock crazed roomies Mindy and Cindy wading in the water together. Mindy had her back to her twin sister, her ass eased back onto the length of Cindy's shaft as Cindy stroked her hips and pumped her hotness in and out in a show of beautiful incestuous lust.

There were other girls all around joined in pucker fucking pleasure as well, and the sweet scent of stretched futa assholes and hot steaming cum hung heavy on the evening breeze. After a day of making love with not only her lifelong crush and new-found lover Darlin, but the beautiful farmer's wife Honey, Kelly was steeling a moment to relax her body and dream of what the next day may offer.

"Hey you. Can I talk to you for a second?" Kelly looked up as a curvy brown skinned goddess stepped over her, blocking out the warmth of the setting sun. The girl spoke in a less than friendly tone, but couldn't have been more beautiful. She had long strait black hair, big brown eyes, and the skin of a Polynesian islander. Kelly's dick was already growing fat at the prospect of fucking her.

"Is this your spot? Is there something wrong?" Kelly asked, climbing to her feet and gathering her My Little Pony beach towel. She stepped to the pretty brown skinned girl with a friendly smile and offered her hand in greeting, still unsure how she had managed to earn the scowl on the stranger's face. "I'm Kelly. It's nice to meet..."

Before she could finish her thought the strange girl took hold of her wrist and yanked her along. "I'm Lilu. We need to talk. Now!" The girl insisted, and made for the treeline not far off with Kelly in tow.

Still unsure what was the matter, Kelly followed along all the same. Lilu was naked down to a pair of pretty pink sandals, and as she led the way Kelly was given a full view of her deliciously thick and rounded ass. She imagined she might like to lick each of Lilu's pretty buns until they were shiny with her spit, and them hot-dog her big cock between her cheeks for a while before finally sliding home into her ass for a nice leisurely evening ass fuck.

Dragging Kelly along into a clearing set aside from the lake, Lilu released her grip and turned to face the confused brunette. There were two other girls in the clearing as well, clearly waiting for the pairs arrival and standing with hands on hips and serious looks on their faces. One was a beautiful black girl with dark ebony skin and a shocking white buzz cut, and the other a platinum blonde with pig tails and pretty door knocker nipple rings.

Each of the two girls that had been waiting were openly stroking their nearly two foot cocks, all wet and shiny with pre-cum and aching to be slammed balls deep in a proper hole.

"Grab her!" Lilu demanded. Before Kelly could act, the black girl and blonde lunged at her, grabbing her arms, pinning them behind her back, and forcing her to her knees on the ground; holding her in place.

"Wait! What the?!" Kelly gasped in surprise. She looked even more confused and frightened as Lilu stepped up with hands on her hips looking down at her in a sneer. "What's going on? I don't even know you.."

The black girl and blonde held Kelly's arms tightly behind her and each straddled one of her legs, their cocks rock hard and smashing against her hips as she was held in a kneeling doggie position with her ample ass thrust back and out.

Lilu began to speak, stroking her own growing cock as she moved around behind Kelly and into place. "We know you though you little Cunt!" Lilu growled. "Fucking nameless first year milker showing up and causing all sorts of bullshit on her first day."

Kelly began to answer Lilu's accusations, but felt her voice caught in her throat as a large swollen cock knob was set between her cheeks and wedged into the puckered hole of her anal sex chute. She gasped out loud, all the air in her lungs escaping as Lilu gutted her with every throbbing Polynesian inch of her iron-like cock, burying her flared knob almost two feet deep in Kelly's hole.

"Mmmmmm tight." Lilu purred. "Figured your sweet little shit-pussy would be sweet, but you're like a little whore virgin back there aren't you? To bad you're gonna enjoy this. Can't exactly rape a futa, especially a whore like you."

Kelly began to grunt like a wounded animal as Lilu brought one knee up alongside her hip and began to plow her dick in and out. Her asshole was already making wet squishy squelching noises, and the cream of Lilu's invading dick was lubing her insides to bring an end to any discomfort and intense pleasure in it's place.

"Why?" Kelly begged. She looked from her left to her right at the girls holding her in place and found them both smiling at her; sneering as if to let her know they were only waiting their turns to gut her fine pink ass.

"I've been a milker here for five years!" Lilu answered from behind, now up on both her feet squat fucking Kelly's ass in a butt slamming blurr. She held onto Kelly's hair with one hand and her hip with the other as she fucked like she was possessed. "You come along... and get Darlin to fall for you... before the season even gets going, after I already planned to make her sweet bull dick mine,,,,, and you act like it's no big fucking deal?!"

The pain was long gone in Kelly's cock craving ass-pussy now, replaced by intense pleasure. However, the ongoing humiliation remained, and the occasional slap of her ass, tug at her hair, or foul remark whispered in her ear only added to her debasement.

"I'm next you fine puckered whore!" The black girl growled.

"Then me you sperm pig!" The blonde added. "You're gonna shit my cum for a month!"

"Darlin and I..." Kelly tried to speak, her breath heavy and her tits bouncing wildly as her body was thrust back and forth. "We're special... We... Please.. Ohhhhhh... Feels good... But please stop."

"Unnnggghhh...!!" Lilu grunted as a torrent of her cum exploded up Kelly's asshole, jets of her cream splashing out all around her invading cock as she came down close to her victim's ear and whispered her depraved intentions, while still bulging deep in Kelly's sputtering ass chute.

"I couldn't care less about you and your little whore bull." Lilu hissed. "She's top bull around here though, and so whoever her handler is is the favorite to get the new Trainer job. That's what I want you worthless sperm cow." Lilu broke off in thought for a moment, the satiny confines of Kelly's asshole to sweet to ignore as she felt her dick throbbing back to full fatness and began to rise up on her bare toes for another pounding.

"MilkTitty farms couldn't keep up with demand last year bitch." The black girl explained as she rubbed her swollen ebony meat against Kelly's tanned thigh. "This year Honey and Farmer John are adding twenty new bull girls, two new milking barns, and hiring on just as many new MilkMaids for next season."

"They have to hire a trainer." The blonde added from Kelly's other side as she leaned in close and ran her tongue up and down the edge of Kelly's ear. "It's a full-time year round position, with lots of power, and whoever gets it will be answerable only to Honey and Farmer John."

"Fuck this asshole is tight!" Lilu groaned as she leaned back down over Kelly's back and stirred her hips with her dick nestled miles deep inside her victim. "So we'll just have to ruin it, so nobody else will want your pink little ass. That trainer job is mine bitch! So just keep that in mind, or we'll stretch this cherry hole out so wide it'll take a tree stump to get you off."

With their warning delivered, the time for talk was passed, and Kelly began again to gasp and whimper as her rapists laid into her with bloodthirsty lust.

Lilu had at her brown haired bitch with a series of long slow downward thrusts that buried her dick so deep up inside Kelly that her belly bulged on each downward stroke.

When the black girl, who Kelly learned was called Buffy, took her turn, she held both of Kelly's hands high above her head and laid her out on her back, slamming her ebony meat deep up inside the wriggling first year milker, smiling as she looked into Kelly's watering eyes and let her big chocolate balls swing low, spanking her white girl ass as she gutted her relentlessly until finally pulling out and blowing a pints worth of wet ropey cum across Kelly's heaving tits, face, and belly.

Jenna, the blonde, had Buffy and Lilu hold Kelly upright with her face against a nearby tree and her ass thrust out for a raunchy standing fuck, then stepped into place and stuffed her giant pink cock to the balls with a horrific chorus of giggles and squeals.

"Just love having that whore ass nailed don't you pig?!?!" Lilu whispered in Kelly's ear as Jenna wildly rode her puckered butt-hole from behind. "Just look at you. Those dangling udders with nipples so fat and hard; and that cock's been dripping with cream since we started."

"P... Please..." Kelly mewled. "D... Don't... Don't stop..." She was teary eyed, and awash with shame and humiliation, but it felt so fucking good. She wanted more. She needed it. This wasn't love making, like she'd shared with Honey, Darlin, or the twins, but it was incredible all the same.

She was standing in a puddle of cum that had drooled out of her brutalized asshole, being talked to from both sides like less than a human being, getting raped in her asshole over and over again for the pleasure of these three beautiful bullies, but she hadn't called out for help, and truth be told, hadn't fought against their hold on her much either. It was twisted, and she was ashamed for it, but she was fucking loving this as well.

"Ooooooo!! What a cunt!" Jenna moaned like a wounded animal as her cream spurted hard up Kelly's ass, washing her inner walls with hot she-spunk and blowing out in spurts and sputters around her invading dick. "Fuck...!! Fuck...!!" She whimpered, and with hesitance pulled back slowly as her long pink meat fell sloppily from inside Kelly's butt.

When they released her, Kelly lost all strength in her legs and collapsed at the foot of the tree. Her asshole was wide open and spilling wads of creamy cock butter onto the ground beneath her, and her whole body was tingling with aftershocks from more anal fuck-gasms than she could easily count.

--

"Kelly. Hey Kelly. You okay?" Kelly opened her eyes and looked up at her two impish blonde roomies standing together beneath the moonlight hand in hand. She'd passed out when Lilu and her friends had finished with her, and couldn't be sure for how long.

"Hey guys." She said with a weak voice and kittenish smile.

"What happened baby?" Mindy asked as the two sisters scooped Kelly up between them and helped her to her feet. They could both tell by looking at her mussed and cum slickened body that she'd been fucked, but her tossled hair and the little red whelts where she'd been held and squeezed and groped were signs of a clear struggle.

"Just made a couple of new friends." Kelly replied. "Would you two help me back to our cabin and into the shower?"

"Of course silly." Cindy answered with some concern. "You gonna tell us who did this to you, how it happened, and all of that?"

Kelly nodded. She'd tell her friends everything of course, without leaving out any details, but would insist that neither of them did anything silly like make an issue out of what had happened, or try and get revenge. She knew she would have to do something about Lilu in time, but for tonight Lilu and her friends were only a memory; and a not so terrible memory at that.