 Please send feedback if you enjoy my stories. I live to hear from fans and followers, and don't be afraid to offer suggestions also. I write as much for you all as I do for myself... Donna...

*****

Kelly lay snuggled between Mindy and Ciny in their private bunk, the pretty blondes both fast asleep and nuzzling against her as she thought on the events of her first day at MilkTitty farms.

Cindy absentmindedly suckled Kelly's left nipple and Mindy groaned in her slumber as she humped her body against their adopted sister's right side, their cocks pressed together and pinned by her overlapping thigh, each bulbous knob bumping and rubbing lewdly in the space between Kelly's hip and tummy.

"Psstt." a soft sound from the bedroom window brought Kelly's tired eyes to bare, and she felt her body begin to tingle as big beautiful golden eyes stared back at her through the tiny cracked space in the curtains. Darlin looked every bit her namesake as she peered into the dimly moonlit bedroom, her lower lip trapped between her teeth and a look of need on her face.

"Sssshhhhhh." Kelly responded, carefully maneuvering her body until she'd slid out from between the twins, the pair of them mindlessly crawling together and coiling around one another's naked limbs like a pair of breeding octopussies.

Nude, taking only a moment to slip on her tennis shoes, Kelly crept to the window and opened it wider, leaning out to greet her beloved baby bull. As she did, Darlin came to her as well and encircled her neck with snuggling arms, their lips smashed together in urgency, tongues swirling and swishing about in passionate coupling.

"I missed you." Darlin finally spoke, her lips inches from her human lover's own, and her breath sweet and warm against Kelly's face. "I never felt a tighter sweeter butt before, but the way you fit against me, and your smell, and the way your eyes make me hard and wet at my tip just from you looking at me."

Kelly grinned, so happy that her beloved chocolate bull was as enthrawled with her as she was in return. "Tell me more about my eyes you silly little heffer." She teased, fingers stroking Darlin's hair and the side of her plump cheek as she glanced down along the length of Darlin's equally naked body.

"Come out." Darlin insisted. "Come make love with me." She shifted from one cute little hoof-like foot to the other and tugged at Kelly's arm as her big beautiful black cock rose to swollen fatness between them.

Kelly followed her lovers instruction and climbed out her window, the pair coming together in a hot embrace and feeding one another their tongues once more. As they kissed, their bodies humped and ground together, their swollen cocks bumping and rubbing in an erotic frot between their bare bellies, both their hands sliding down around one another and squeezing and groping at their naked bottoms.

Darlin took hold of Kelly's hand and pulled her along, the love struck milkmaid following without argument. Together they mounted the hill past the main hoise and followed a path down toward the storage barn, ducking inside away from the night and into the darkness.

Kelly felt her bull girls hand let go of her own and Darlin guided her by her wrist to take hold of her swishing tail. Once she had hold Darlin put both her hands to use taking an old oil lantern down from the wall and lighting it with matches laid nearby.

In the golden glow the girls came back together in a naked snuggle as Kelly looked around, grinning as she spied a red and white checkered blanket laid out for them in the far corner, bails of hay stacked around it to provide privacy and add to the intimacy of their beautiful fuck.

Together they knelt on the blanket, and each took the other's cock in hand as they moved their mouths tightly against one another and began to rub and stroke their throbbing dick-shafts. Both their moans and whimpers increased in tempo with their pulses, and in no time each of their big girl balls were pumping pints of wet precum up the lengths of their sex.

"I've wanted to be with you like this ever since I first saw you on my first carton of Bull Milk." Kelly purred as she sat back and maneuvered her legs to scisor with her sexy bull girl, pulling her close and bringing their balls together as their hot shafts criss-crossed, Darlin's cock nestled between Kelly's titties and Kelly's aching prick between Darlin's as well."

"I never felt like this about a milk girl." Darlin said with a bashful smile. "I know about love, and I feel like this with Honey, only its different. Me and Penny are close too, but there's something about you. I just wanna wash my body in your kisses and cream. I like to see you smile almost as much as I like to fuck your butt."

For a long moment they moved together, each one lowering their mouths to lick and suckle the others gooey cock tip. All the while their eyes stayed focussed on one another and their bodies seemed to grow closer and closer.

"Get on your knees for me baby." Kelly purred. "I wanna give you a dick bath." Darlin grinned from ear to ear, not knowing what to expect, but quickly posing on all fours, ass raised high and her bottom waggling from side to side.

Kelly stood and lowered her ass over Darlin's, pumping and stroking her cock from knob to nuts, her pre-cum now flowing in teaspoons full from her bulging cock tip. She laid her heavy balls in the small of her lovers back as she milked her own dick, and Darlin began to groan and writhe as hot dick-milk dribbled all along her shoulders and spine.

"Arch your back for me baby bull." Kelly instructed, pushing her fat dick down against the curve of her bull lovers body, rubbing the sodden wetness of it up and down, from side to side, and all along her beautiful black skin. Every patch of skin was left wet and glistening, and throughout the entire procedure Darlin let her head hang low between her shoulders, eyes closed and her body trembling in intense pleasure.

Lowering her giant weapon between Darlin's cheeks Kelly, pushed her bull lover's ass pillows together around her hot pink dick and began to roll her hips in a undulating rhythm. Her low hung balls rested against Darlin's own, and Darlin could feel the knob of Kelly's cock smashed in the small of her back on each forward thrust.

"Feels sooooo good." The bull girl moaned and began to move against her lover. Kelly's cock was smashed against the meat of her asshole and dragging back and forth against it, only driving Darlin more and more wild with desire. Few females had ever fucked Darlin in her ass before, her being the prize girl bull of MilkTitty farms and often times being the more dominant of her couplings, but she knew that if Kelly took her in her butt, it would be more than just another fuck. It would be a mating, and though it was impossible for their species to bear young together, she knew that she would beg Kelly to breed her ass if she wanted to fuck her bottom. Being filled with Kelly's cum seemed as close to bliss as the naughty bull girl could conceive.

"Now roll over for me." Kelly said, Darlin doing as the pretty milkmaid instructed without pause, her huge black cock at full rock hard mast and even her nipples erect with desire.

Staring down at her bull lover Kelly was beside herself with lust. She ached to guide Darlin up into her pink asshole and bounce atop her, let her own dick drip and drizzle over the bull girl's face and tits as she milked that big black cock in her ass. She also imagined pushing up Darlin's thighs and burying her own cock in the heffer's tight little shitter. In that possition she could suck bull milk from Darlin's titties and belly-fuck her gorgeous dick as well as bary her meat balls deep inside her again and again.

"Please." Darlin whimpered, handling her own dick as she awaited her human lover to take her any way she liked.

Finally Kelly stepped around her prostrate lover and lowered to her knees just above Darlin's face. Without so much as a moments hesitation Darlin opened her lips and took Kelly deep into her throat, swallowing her beautiful dick in one lust crazed gulp.

Kelly leaned forward and returned the pleasure, her jaw stretching over the giant black bull dong she was so incredibly in love with. Together they face-pussied one another in slow sensual tandem, groaning unspoken lusts to each other as they sputtered and gulped and gagged on each others cock-shanks.

"Guk Guk Guk." Kelly assaulted her lovers ebony cock, determined to fill her belly to overflowing with bull cum.

"Slurp Suck Gak Gak Gak." Darlin answered in kind as she reached up around Kelly's incredible ass and pulled her down deep, her nose nuzzling tight pink asshole and her face surrounded by soft sperm filled balls.

They rolled with one another on their blanket, so coiled tightly together and lost in their mutual suck that they began to cup the backs of one another's heads with their naked feet to hold each other deeper on their invading cocks.

Grunting like wild beasts they both crested together in a mind blowing orgasm; a perfect yin and yang of black and pretty tanned flesh, cum began to boil out of each of their mouths and noses as they whined and whimpered and kept throat fucking one another without pause.

Their bellies overfilled almost instantly, and gysers of cum shot up their already overly stretched necks, finally bursting out of their mouths and back into each others faces, and still they sucked and gulped and wallowed in the delicious sperm that they shared.

Finally, reluctantly, they pulled apart from one another's oozing dicks and turned to face each other, their bodies a mess of wet spunk and sticky sweet cock milk. They looked into one another's eyes, saturated in cum and dripping ropes of one another's lust.

"I'm in love with you Kelly." Darlin said in a baby whimper as sperm drooled down her chin and neck. "I belong to you."

"I love you too my perfect baby bull." Kelly answered back, and the pair kissed once again' wet white goo flowing from one mouth to another and across their necks, tits, and bellies.