 Chapter 7 - Honey's Melons

At sunrise Darling and Kelly sat side by side on the mossy bank of MilkTitty lake together, naked, shoulders touching, and their eyes drifting from the beautiful setting to one another. Never in the history of love and lust had any pair been more perfectly fit for one another. They were insatiable for each other, and as deeply in love as any two souls could be.

"You two aren't exactly easy to track down." Honey spoke with a motherly tone as she walked up on the basking pair, her big beautiful bottom clad in skin tight blue jean cut offs and her freckle dusted titties free and jiggling with each step she took. Both Darlin and Kelly looked up with blushing smiles as the older woman nudged them apart and slid in between them, taking a seat to share their sunrise. As she did, they both made room, but quickly scrunched closer to her, closing the gap between them and laying their heads on her beautiful titties to welcome her into their midst.

"I can't blame you though." Honey added. "Your momma and me use to come down here all the time after a long night of love making." She glanced to Kelly and felt her heart swell with love and affection. "She would wash me, and I her, and usually we'd end up splitting one another's bottoms a couple more times before the rest of the farm woke up. John had no idea of course. We weren't cheating mind you. John's never been jealous of what i have with the girls; he just never gets up that early. He's probably the only farmer on earth that sleeps til noon."

Kelly smiled as she listened to Honey's tales of her mother Candy. She felt a close bond with the sexy redhead, and imagined that Candy had felt much the same when she'd been a Milkmaid at the farm. If not for her sticky-sweet bond with Darlin, she may very well have sought something as intimate with Honey as well. The sex they'd shared had been as intense as any she'd ever had, and she found she enjoyed the carefree and easy going nature of her 'boss' more and more as she came to know her.

"So momma and you were lovers?" Kelly asked. "I mean, I know you were close and all, and we're not exactly the kind of girls who do the whole monogamy thing, especially with so much tasty all around us here on the farm. You two were close? Like Darlin and me?"

Darlin smiled across the valley of Honey's titties at her human mate and reached out, taking Kelly's hand and staring longingly at her. Just an hour before she had knelt in the shallows of Lake MilkTitty and taken her lover's enormous cock deep in her ass in a long slow sensual butt fuck. She could still feel the warmth of Kellys cream that Kelly had filled her hot little hole, bubbling inside of her.

"Your momma and I were soul mates baby." Honey answered back, reaching over and tracing Kelly's cheek with her fingers. "Its as simple as that. Don't you go telling John, because I'll deny it, but when she and I were together, we were like one person. When we made love it was fucking euphoric, and when we were apart, it hurt my heart to be separated from her."

"I still feel like that." Honey grinned. "John wasn't the jealous type, obviously, but even the most accepting of men can only take his woman being in that sort of relationship for so long before it causes issues. So Candy and I decided it would be best if she and I went our separate ways. It happened that she was pregnant with you at the time, so it made for a convenient excuse for her to take some time off from working the farm and raise you."

Kelly listened intently as her fingers entertwined with Darlin's in Honey's lap, the bulge of the older woman's beautiful cock separated from both their touch by a thin layer of denim. "I'm grown now though." Kelly offered. "She misses this place, and you too I'm sure, so maybe she could come back."

"Let's talk about something else baby." Honey offered as she rose to her feet and offered a hand to each of the girls. "The reason I came down here to find you, was that I need someone to take on a little extra duty around here. Naturally, since you'll be concentrating on milking duties with Darlin and won't have to worry about any of the other girls, you'll have a little spare time on your hands, and id love it if you spent it with me, in my garden. Your momma use to help me out with certain extra-curricular chores as well, I thought you might have some of her knack for the job."

"What job?" Kelly asked, beaming a smile as both her and Darlin stood and followed along with their sexy guide as they started up a path through the woods curving back around the property behind the Milkmaid's bunks and into a little valley, a beautiful sun dappled clearing opening up before them with what looked like a vast melon patch settled in its center.

The melons were like nothing Kelly had ever seen in her life. They were plump, like big juicy titties waiting to be licked and suckled at, and as bright pink as nipples, glistening wet with dew in the morning sun.

"They're called kobash melons sweetie." Honey said with a wink as she set down into the patch and tip toed in among the vines. Kelly followed, with Darlin snuggled on her arm, and as she minded her step to avoid crushing any of the strange fruit she became increasingly aware of a scent that she couldn't place. Finally it hit her.

"Strawberries. Strawberries and...... cum!" Kelly said with a giggle and a bright smile.

"I do a little gardening when I'm not balls deep in a beautiful butt." Honey said smiling. "It occurred to me, that since Bull Butter and Bull Milk had such an incredible physiological effect on people, that it might make an interesting fertilizer as well. So I picked out some of my favorite fruits, added a little love, and a whole lot of sticky sweet cream, and after a couple of tries, I came up with Kobash melons. They aren't exactly F.D.A. approved." She added with a wink and a wiggle to her hips.

"Can I try one?" Kelly asked, squatting down and running her hand across the rhine of one of the tasty looking fruits. She found its outer texture smooth and soft to the touch. Beads of pinkish wetness covered the melon and seemed to be produced from it. As she touched it, she felt her head begin to spin slightly and her cock begin to throb and grow.

"Oh no sweetie! be careful!" Honey crossed the melon patch and helped Kelly to her feet, pulling a little handkerchief from her back pocket and quickly whipping the melon juices from the younger girl's hand. "The melons have an potent side effect on humans. The Bull girls absolutely love them, and when they are added to their feed it increases cum production by gallons, but humans aren't as capable of handling the effects."

Kelly felt hot, her insides burning, and her dick openly oozing with pre-cum as she looked to Honey with a curious stare. Suddenly she wanted nothing more than to tear the older woman's shorts off her and rape her on the spot. She longed to shank her fat dick in and out of Honey's puckered hole until she was all used up and panting like a well fucked bitch. Then she'd have a go with Darlin, and then another, until the sweet little bull was left whimpering from pleasure on her belly in the melon patch. After that she'd run back to the farm where Mindy and Cindy would squeal like fuck pigs on her bloated dick, and once she was done with them, every hole at MilkTitty farms would be hers to screw until....

"Snap out of it sweetie." Honey whispered, taking Kelly's chin in hand and staring deep into her eyes. She continued to wipe away the excess juices from Kelly's fingers, and slowly Kelly came back to her senses, though her dick still stood at rock hard erection.

Darlin stepped in close to the pair and took her lover's prick in both hands, cuddling it between her titties and watching with concern and desire as Honey brought Kelly out of her daze.

"What happened?" Kelly groaned; head still spinning, and a wet pink sex crazed fog slowly lifting as she regained her senses. "God. I felt like I was gonna lose it. I was so hot, and you...."

"I know baby." Honey reassured her, smiling as she tucked her hankie in her back pocket and leaned in, softly kissing Kelly's lips as she explained. "I should have warned you. Kobash melons are an incredible aphrodisiac. They turn girls like you or I into fuck crazed animals. Normal pussy women out in the world would lose their minds entirely if they were to come in contact with a Kobash, and Men, well I don't know what would happen if a man came in contact with one of them. That's why I need a helper to mind and harvest the melons with me; someone who I can trust to look out for me, and whom I can look after as well."

Honey continued. "Candy worked the patch with me, and since she's been gone, Penny has been helping me with them. Somehow that little piggy is immune to the melon's effects. Go figure. One of the many bonuses to being a genetically enhanced big tittied pussy pig girl I guess." The trio shared a giggle. "If you say yes, you'll spend two days a week with me in the melon patch, when you're not milking Darlin here of course. She can come and help as well if she wants, and we can spend the time getting to know one another."

"I'd like that." Kelly said smiling, her big dick still in Darlin's hands, she reached out and took Honey by her belt loop and pulled the older woman in closer. "I think I'm still feeling the effects though if you know what I mean." She added with a wink and a lip licking grin. "What ever shall I do with this big juicy fruit of my own?"

Darlin snuggled close to her lover as she rested her head on Kelly's shoulder and both Kelly and her looked to Honey with girlish little grins, still both naked, standing in the melon patch surrounded by sweet smelling fuck craze educing fruit, and eyeing their older companion with devious dick slurping interest.

"Come on you two." Honey teased with a turn and flip of her short hair, one thumb unsnapping the button at the top of her jean shorts as she stepped carefully out of the kobash patch and made her way to a little shack beside the clearing.

Kelly and Darlin gave chase, walking hip to hip as they prepared to pounce on Honey and deflower her in the most delicious mid-morning fuck they'd participated in in hours.

Inside the little shack, kobash melons were piled in big baskets ready to be taken back to the farm on wheel barrels. There was a little tractor for pulling a wagon set off in a corner, and tables for sorting and inspecting melons, but the most obvious and interesting sight that greeted the girls as they stepped inside, was the gorgeous pig girl standing with her back to one of the sorting tables, naked down to her little darling hoof -shaped feet and smiling from ear to ear.

"Penny, I'd like you to meet Kelly." Honey said with a naughty little wink over her shoulder, her shorts dropping free of her hips, kicked aside as she slid her naked butt atop a stool beside one of the tables and took her fast growing cock in hand, stroking the meaty length from knob to nuts as Kelly and Penny closed the distance between one another with girlish grins. "Kelly, this is Penny, the only pussy for thirty miles, and the sweetest, wettest, tightest little cunt you'll ever fuck."

Penny had big beautiful pink eyes, tits that put even Kelly's huge knockers to shame, and an obvious overly plump hairless pussy between her thick and juicy thighs, that seemed to be openly leaking with arousal.

As she came close to Kelly, Kelly held out her hand for a polite hello, but Penny tenderly pushed her hand aside and slid right up against her, their titties smashing and arms encircling one another as the horny pig girl wasted no time in pushing her mouth hard onto Kelly's own, a long dripping wet tongue invading Kelly's mouth without hesitation.

"Come here Darlin." Honey called out to the sexy bull girl. Her cock was large, fat, and dripping as she perched atop her stool and double fisted it's length, both her feet up on rungs and her knees spread wide in open invitation for a proper cock sucking.

Obeying her mistress, and with a hungry groan of desire, Darlin reluctantly left her lover behind and knelt at the altar of Honey's dick, her mouth grabbing for the juicy knob and taking it in with a sensual slurp, both her hands sliding up and down the inside of Honey's thighs as she began to worm her tongue in and out of Honey's gooey cum hole while looking up at her with big beautiful cum thirsty eyes.

When Penny finally broke free of her and Kelly's kiss she presumed to take hold of Kelly's raging cock-slab and tugged it to her, pressing the hotness of it's fat length against her belly and biting her lower lip as she offered a naughty grin to her new friend and an open invitation for the raunchiest fuck she had to offer.

"I heard bout you." She said in a high pitched little girly voice hat perfectly suited her blonde curls and big pink eyes. "I heard you fuck like a dream, and that Darlin loves you lots and lots, and that you are so sweet and Candy's daughter, and lots of stuff."

Kelly grinned in return, letting her eyes take in what had to be a set of Double K-cup piggy tits that looked primed to suckle at, and squeeze, and be bathed in hot cum. She could feel incredible heat coming from between Penny's thighs and her aching pussy, and stepped in closer to show that she accepted the unspoken offer in kind.

"I heard about you too." Kelly answered back. "I had no clue you were so bubbly and... buoyant though." They laughed, and again Penny filled Kelly's mouth with miles of wet piggy tongue as she backed her up toward a little padded bench at the room's corner.

With introductions made, the foursome let go their inhibitions, and both Penny and Darlin took cock deep in their throats as the two human women groaned and mewled their pleasure. Loud wet sputtering sounds could be heard to echo out across the melon patch, and the moans of wet cock sucking pleasure joined them in a chorus of incredible lust and desires.

Across the room Kelly met Honey's hungry stare as they both had their beautiful girl-dicks deeply gobbled by their animal-girl partners. Honey's mouth hung wide open in bliss as Darling gagged and stretchedher jaw around her cock, and Kelly licked her lips as she grabbed two fists full of Penny's pretty blonde curls and fucked her mouth with hip-twisting little humps. From their possitions each could see the uptjrust asses of Darlin and Penny as they worked to suck cock; each of their tiny crinkled puckers wet and shiny with need, almost bubbling between their cheeks for futa cock.

Penny left Kelly's dick slathered in spit and slobber, and climbed up on top of her newfound friend as she steered the swollen dick she'd so expertly gobbled toward her obscenely fat little pussy hole.

Kelly closed her eyes and gritted her teeth as she felt Penny's muffin grip her, and with a wiggle of her hips, the entire length shot deep up inside of her, the tiny little hole like a well-greased fist around Kelly's big dick, drooling so much hotness from around the root of her meat that it was scorching her asshole beneath her sodden balls.

Darlin had laid back in obedient submission atop one of the sorting tables, and looked up at Honey with a daughter's love, lifting her own beautiful bull balls to expose her little chocolate rectum as she felt a swollen cock knob smash against it, and begin to work it's way inside.

"So big momma. I want it all." Darlin mewled, and Honey leaned down over her, kissing her baby bull on her titties and looking up into her eyes. Darlin had not only become the face of MilkTitty farms, but had been Honey's first bull girl way back before the farm had opened; even before she'd met John or dreamed of doing what was now her lifelong dream. As she slid her fattened knob inside her wriggling baby-bull Darlin gasped out loud, and the pair both stared deeply into one another's eyes as their fucking began.

"You're pussy is on fire Piglet." Kelly groaned out loud, maneuvering her body so she could take hold of Penny's hips and guide her cunt to some extent, looking up at the bouncing wobbling tits above her as she laid back and let her cock and her lover's pussy couple, and the cream between them flow free.

Kelly was sitting in a pool of their pre-cream already, and reveled in the pleasure of her naked ass sliding this way and that in pig juices while she made her best effort to thrust up into the bouncing girl atop her, a warm bath of pussy juice flowing freely across her lower half.

"Cause your cock is so fuckin big." Penny whimpered, her baby voice so adorable as she spoke filthy words. She lowered her big titties over Kelly as she stirred her hips, offering a bubble gum nipple to her mouth, and Kelly accepted, biting into the fat pink marshmallow and causing Penny to squeal in orgasm, cum gushing out of her cunt all over the both of them. Still though, their fucking continued.

"Momma! Oh Momma!" Darlin screamed in passionate release as her own big black dick spat ropes of gooey bull cum up over her belly and tits. She held her mouth open wide and took as much on her wriggling tongue as she could, enjoying the flavor of her own fuck-butter as she was relentlessly split between her cheeks, Honey now plowing her butthole in long vicious thrusts as she brought one knee up on the sorting table and held Darlin by her hips, fat-dicking her with fully half of her bloated shaft in each deep-dicking lunge.

Kelly and Penny switched places, crawling onto the dirty floor together as the horny piglet laid back and opened her legs wide apart, Kelly kneeling between them. She let out a loud "Suuiiieeeee" and began to toss her head from side to side as Kelly slammed her meat deep inside her, fucking her cock up into the piggy womb laid out before her and grinding her fat nuts against the wanton little slut's butthole.

Pushing her legs up alongside her huge titties, Kelly groaned at the beauty of the pig girl beneath her and craned her neck to try and kiss her over the smashed together mountains of her tits. They couldn't quite reach one another, so in an act of unspoken understanding, Penny held her mouth wide open, and Kelly let spit dribble from the tip of her tongue down into the gaping jaw, feeding her pig lover her spit as she slopped away in and out of her puffy pink pussy.

The sounds of groaning moaning fuck crazed sex were music to each of the lover's ears as they screwed like wild whores into the morning. Finally the foursome came together, and assholes were licked of sweet drooling cream, pussies were groped and fingered, and titties smashed together, bitten, and slapped. Finally, the group knew they couldn't keep the fuck up much longer, and impossibly as it seemed, each had held their cum gushing orgasms as long as they could, wanting to all blow at once, in a nuclear meltdown of sexual bliss.

Darlin followed Honey's instruction, and lay back on the dirty floor; Penny stepping over her and lowering her pussy onto the bull girl's gorgeous black dick. They smiled at one another and kissed like long time lovers. Each were close friends, and as close to being sisters as any two animal girls could be, with Honey their beloved momma, their pink little holes hers for her pleasure and theirs.

With Piglet mounted atop bull, Kelly guided her cock into Penny's butt, listening to her whimpers and squeals as she eased her length deeper and deeper, fucking her way into the plump pink ass while riding along with Penny's own bucks and waggles, her pussy stuffed to bursting with Darlin's giant cock.

The threesome finally joined, and two enormous dicks in Penny had her lost in mind blowing pleasure as she threw her head back and gasped out loud, another gusher of pussy cream bursting from inside her all over Darlin's cock and balls.

