 She was afraid. The sounds of armored boots echoed closer to her hiding spot. Muffled voices murmured from under the door she had taken refuge behind. Her heart pounded in her chest as she held her breath. She panicked that even her breath would alert them to her. The sounds faded slowly and she allowed herself to breath. 

"Well, I wonder where I have gotten myself trapped this time," Rincitni whispered to herself.

She looked around the room. Its walls were covered in shelves. A stone slab table stood in the center of the room. Her low light vision made out a high back chair sitting between the shelves on the back wall of the room. A window just over the chair gave her a sense of relief. Scanning the shelves for loose items to tuck into her bag, she suddenly felt like she was being watched. An ear towards the door confirmed that the guards had moved out of this part of the fortress.

{What are you looking for? } whispered a voice in her head.

"There has to be a few things here that will fetch a coin," she said plainly. 

She looked around the room and felt oddly about saying that aloud. She shook it off as a case of jitters about almost being caught. She turned her attention back to the shelves. She made her way down the wall and a few things found their way into her sling bag. 

{Don't touch that!} the voice cautioned.

She held herself motionless. She didn't imagine that voice. Looking back over her shoulder, her eyes searched the room for anything that would explain this. There was no magic in this room; her talisman would have shown to her items carrying enchantments. She stepped back into the center of the room until the back of her legs came in contact with the stone table. 

"What are you? Where are you?" She hissed in fear.

{Right in front of you, Rincitni} the voice imparted warmly.{What I am is another matter,} it said so coldly, her body shivered.

Her mind raced wildly. Where would she go... the window? she thought. She moved around the table and came to a stop. The High back chair wasn't sitting under the window anymore. She looked to the left and saw it was sitting at the head of the table. 

{If you wish to leave, you will have to use the door. I would rather you stay and talk with me, though.}

"Talk to you... a voice in my head?"

{You do it all the time, it would seem. This time, however, you might learn something useful instead of just playing into your own fantasies,} it said smoothly.

"You don't know me.... " she snapped back.

{Oh, but I do know you. Shall I prove how well?} it purred with clear amusement intoned in its words. It cut off the rest of her retort. It left her to grind her teeth and set her hands to find hilts of the daggers she wore at her legs.

"Who the hell are you?" 

{Zerret,} it stated. {Those aren't going to be of much use to you. I would like this to be an enjoyable encounter. Moreover, you think I am going to call for the guards and have you dragged to the dungeons. I hate to be the one to tell you, prisoners from the dungeons are usually brought here,} he finished sending, words shaded with arrogance.

Her mind raced. This voice, Zerret, could have her captured then dragged back in here, anyway? What was this thing.....?

{I am what you fear to want,} he sent clearly.

"YOU!! Stay out of my head. You filthy mages think to turn intruders into your personal slaves and when you are done with them... feed them to one of your pets!" She growled. "I have had enough of this."

{You are right in most of that,} he said. {Only this fortress is held by a dragon, though. I could be thought of as one of the pets you'd be fed to...}

"You eat people?? What manner of evil are you?" she questioned.

{Are you willing to sit and talk about it or would you rather fall to your death from the window of my chambers?}

She thought about it... she could not see this thing, it knew what she was thinking, and even now the hallway was silent. She wanted to run as far from here as her legs could take her. An icy thought ran down her spine. "I was sent here to die." A vicious thought followed, that if she survived this the guild leaders would not. By chance, she might sell them here for her freedom.

{Lovely thought... not one you could fulfill.}

"Get out of my head. Don't you talk to people normally?" she asked the seemingly empty room.

{No. I usually just eat them,} he said flatly. {Did you just want me to eat you?}

Her stomach fluttered. Images of the only enjoyable encounter with a man, of any race, she ever had filling her mind. This man's steel colored hair draped across the mixed hued skin of her inner thigh. His fingers holding her hips as his tongue caressed her sensitive petals. Her head whirled in memory as she shook herself to focus on the here and now. Placing her hands palm down on the stone table she fought to keep her legs from folding under her.

{Clearly you seemed to enjoy being eaten then,} Zerret sent.

"Why are you doing this to me?" she whimpered. Her body quivered. The heat of her skin was highlighted by the sheen of sweat, and the matted wet feeling of her under garments pressed to her crotch. "I am a thief and mercenary... I will get out of this place. This thing cannot hold me here," she argued with herself. "But it could have hurt me, even killed me and hasn't. What does it really want?"

{Should I answer you or do you still want to make up lies to make yourself feel better?} his voice coolly flowing into her turbulent thoughts. {As it stands, you are correct in thinking I can hurt you or even kill you. You are an admitted thief. I have caught you and as such you are mine to do with as I see fit.}

"So you want me to rut with you is that it?" speaking with what little defiance she could muster.




{That sounds so delicious... but I am not that kind of animal,} it said with what felt of real disappointment. {But I might conjoin our flesh in a pleasurable manner akin to this rutting.}

"Animal? You aren't a mage playing games with me?" she stammered. She stood up straight and looked around the room. The high back chair had again moved, as did the mirror. The chair sat facing the mirror. Thoughts rolled from the corners of her mind of being on all fours and pounded by some half orc. She thought of being forced to watch herself being pummeled and pawed by the pig faced creature.

{But the act excited you? The male involved in the act was the only part that kept you from howling in pleasure... how fortuitous for me... and you.}

She stepped closer to the chair and asked "So I am to sit here?"

{Yes. Though if you wish to keep your garments, you will remove all of them and place them on the table with the rest of your belongings,} he sent edging his words with authority. {And should you wish to fight or flee....} the words faded as searing phantom pains seemed to manifest.

Her legs folded under her and dumped her bodily to the floor. Every nerve in her screamed. She was burnt, frozen, battered and torn. Her vision blurred with a fog of blood being chased by the black veil of unconsciousness. Then they were gone... all pain left her. She gasped. Still, her body felt as it should. The solid cool stone work of the floor was a pleasant feeling to her bewildered mind and nerves. 

{I have a question I need you to answer.}

"What question?" she asked in a shallow timid exhale.

{Do you think of yourself as a beautiful creature?}

Rincitni turned her eyes to the mirror. Glittering gold-green eyes shown clearly beneath thin black eye brows. Most of her face favored the elven blood of her mother, her nose did not. It was wide and shallow. She often thanked the gods it favored human shaping rather than the out turned flare that orc blood would impart. Her hair was a think mane of black-green. It was a great source of pride and was, on occasion, an income of silver coin.

She got to her feet, not taking her eyes off of her reflection. She started to shed her gear and armor. Dagger sheaths from the tops of her thighs followed the sling bag to the table's surface. Her eyes unerringly turned back to the mirror to look at herself as she placed belts, plates, and gear onto the table. She looked herself over once she had reached her common garments. Her body was not the lithe wisp of an elven maiden's, but surely wasn't the bloated soft smooshiness of a human women, either. Her arms were tone and the muscles flowed beneath her grayish-mint shadowed skin subtlety.

She seated herself in the chair before the mirror to remove her boots. Movement in the mirror caught her attention as she pulled the second boot from her foot. The steel haired drow male that had been punished into pleasing her stood watching her from behind the chair. She quickly turned to see that he wasn't standing in the room, though he stood watching her in the mirror.

The male reflection stepped around the chair in the mirror and took her by the hand. Rincitni sat mesmerized as her reflection stood and allowed the man to pull her tunic up. He leaned forward to place his lips firmly over one of her pert nipples. Her hand reflexively sought her own bosom. She still wore her tunic, and was the only person in the room.

{You still don't think of me as being in the room, how quaint. You still are wearing clothing... or are these items that you don't care about?}

"I... How are you doing that? Are you doing that?" she stammered as she pulled her tunic up over her head and half- heartedly tossed it in the direction of the table. Eyes transfixed to the display of the mirror, she hooked her thumbs into the hem of her britches and under garments. With a bounce of her frame and quick shove down her legs, those articles, too, found themselves feebly kicked in the direction of the table. 

There was no answer from the voice, Zerret. 

In the mirror, he had stepped around behind her, reached up, and gracefully drew the hair from the right side of her neck with his left hand. Stepping right to the back of her, she watched warm kisses along her neck threaten to buckle her legs. Her own body chilled as the sweat caused by her rapidly rising body temperature formed. His right hand caressed along her side and in one quick thrust, dove into the front of her britches. The eyes of her reflection locked with hers. They glowed with lust and hunger as they stared back from the mirror, and then glazed over as his fingers found their mark on her pleasure maker.

She breathed heavily. She was almost panting as she watched this man pleasure her reflection. Laying her right leg over the arm of the chair, her own fingers slid down her abdomen and felt her nectar dripping from her enflamed feminine nethers. In the mirror, she was turned to face the chair and pushed into a leaning position. Her hands were braced on the chair arms to keep her upright. His hands pulled her britches only halfway down her thighs before burying his face between them. She caressed and fondled her breasts with her left hand, trying vainly to placate her hard achy nipples.

The mirror offered no assistance, either. Her reflection only looked back at her over its shoulder and gave her a wink. A hiss of jealousy escaped her lips. Her mind rebelled at this as she pushed her two middle fingers into her dripping nectar pool. Her eyes fluttered closed as her hiss congealed into a throaty moan. After three deepening thrusts, her palm cuppingly caressed her clitoris as her fingers teased the inner folds of her wet pulsing passage.

When her eyes once more focused of the mirror, her gaze locked with her reflection's. In the mirror, her body arched and ground its hips into the face of the steel haired drow. Her legs were thrown over the arms of the chair. Her left arm was gripping the top of the chair and holding him between her thighs with a right hand full of his hair. Her look of hunger was accented by the bare tooth grin on her sweat sheened visage giving proof of the dark elf's skill. Her own body started to quiver and quake as every fiber of her being tensed up in a maze of carnal need. She pressed her thumb firmly to her clitoris. It was the trigger that uncoiled the waves of white hot pleasure that crashed through her body. They crashed, one after another, until a waterfall of warm nectar gushed from her pulsing depths. It trickled from her shaking thighs and left a pool under her on the chair. 

Her breath came back to her in heaving gasps. The mirror was empty. Her body was slumped over one of the chairs arms. Her thick black hair had matted itself to her sweat covered body. Leaning up took more effort than she could muster. She felt contented to have had such a release, though part of her still squirmed. She could hardly lift her head and still there was a want of more. The fulfillment of having your depths churned in heated passion. Those yearnings seemed far more of a fantasy than those of the mirror.

The chair beneath her seemed to melt and change. 

{I can give you what you yearn for.}

"You enjoyed the show that much, did you?"

{More than any other... are you ready for higher levels of pleasure?)

The chair sprouted tentacles that wrapped themselves around her arms and legs. Her mind raced through boundless fears that all seemed to end with her in a puddle of pleasured insanity. Fear turned into reality as a large tentacle pushed past her outer labia and didn't stop till it put pressure on her cervical hood. Rincitni's orgasmic scream echoed off the shelved walls as her body thrashed in the tentacle's grasp. Before the waves of pleasure started to fade, it pulsed and grew wider in her clutching depths as it pulled another body thrashing orgasm from her tender flesh.

Wave after wave of pleasure rolled through her, and just when she thought there was nothing left, the tentacle twisted and vibrated sharply. The walls of her pussy convulsed around the tentacle, causing it to be expelled. Instead of shoving itself back into her, it buzzed her over sensitive clit. Her body went rigid. The lightning effect of this last orgasm sent her juices squirting forcefully from her loins. Her eyes rolled back and numb darkness bloomed in what was left of her mind...

The tentacles deposited her unconscious, quivering, body to the stone table's surface. They turned and wove themselves together and, in moments, Zerret's nondescript form stood looking down on Ritcitni's nude, sweaty, body.

"A beautiful creature you are, indeed," He said over her quivering form. "I have never had a pet. If you hold your mind, I think you will make a fine pet."