 A sharp sting on the side of her face snapped her eyes open.

"Bitch, wake the fuck up!!" a placid female voice hissed over her. "Good. You aren't dead... Are you that scared of a naked woman?"

She blinked a few times to bring her eyes back into focus. Kneeling over her was an elf with long silver hair. A look of half panic and relief etched over her fluid elven beauty. Her flawless crème hued flesh adorned in only a collar of white leather with silver chains hanging from it. She climbed to her feet and pulled Rincitni up with her.

"I'm Lunixri; one of Trinseccets' pets. I'm sorry I scared you like that..." she said. "What did Zerret do to you that has you so scared?"

"The man in the black silk was Zerret?" she asked warily.

"You didn't know that?" she asked in wide eyed surprise. "So, where did he get you? The dark market? Family servant?"

She looked at the floor and couldn't answer.

"What is your name at least?" she asked

"Rincitni. I am from the Misted Forests of Kreen Ramnitra in the Western Province."

"Long way from home there, Rin... You going to eat all of these?" she asked, pointing at the sizable pile of sausage patties on the tray of food.

"Help yourself... Just leave me two or three."

"I'd get fat if I did that. You trying to trick me," she voiced icily.

"What? I don't know what is going on... I am a thief. I got caught and have to be Zerret's pet for three months or be burned to death by Lord Trinseccet... I think... It was implied," she blurted.

"Wait... He is claiming you as a pet instead of handing you over to the dragon... You must have given him some really good honey... Way to go... " she said. "Wait... You don't even know what goes on here, do you?"

"Honey??? What are you talking about? I hid in here last night to get away from the guards... The next thing I know, I am being sexed by a chair until I passed out. After that, all I know is Zerretness in black is telling me I belong to him or he gives me to the dragon I was trying to steal shit from.." On the verge of tears again, she continued. "I don't want to die... I don't want to be some nameless slave in a harem, either. The chair made me feel so good and scared me so much I don't even know what to think....."

"Calm down, Rin... It isn't like that here... Well, for most of us with good keepers, I mean. I see you have a trunk for your things... Let's put your things away and I will tell you about the Fortress of Trinseccet. Wait... Did you just say a chair sexed you so good you blacked out?"

Rincitni nodded her head and wiped a few tears from her eyes.

Lunixri helped her put her things in the trunk and began to explain. The Dragon was kind of a sage of sex some would say, just not to the dragon. He had a harem of 7 to 10 girls/women at any given time. Most of them came here of their free will to be with other women... like herself. But to the dragon, he studied female sexuality a little differently than most sages... He let "his girls" explore all kinds of sexual pleasure. If you let him observe and answer his questions about the experience, he kept you well fed and warm... He even gave out rewards when he wanted you to do things for him... She admitted her locked chest held 50 plus platinum ingots and a full wedding dress of pearls. She grinned, helped her clean up, and fed her bites from the food tray.

Rincitni thought about what Lunixri had said about being a pet. She would be fed, safe, and get money for doing what her keeper told her. Also, she could say no. She wasn't a slave like that. She was not a whore that laid down for the coin every night. Lunixri looked at the chain set Rincitni was told to put on. She held it up and looked at it this way and that. She handed it to Rin who slipped into the chains like she had been wearing them for years.

She checked herself in the mirror... it looped around her neck then split to frame her breasts. The wrap clasped to the two drop chains then rested on either side of her labial blossom, which squeezed her gently every time she moved. Over her shoulder, she noticed Lunixri watched her dress and now viewed her with a sexually hungry expression. It made her blush and sent a tingle down her spine... She felt dizzy. She felt sexy... She felt wanted. IT felt amazing.

"Do I look like a pet?" Rin asked shyly.

"Yes. You look like my pet," Zerret's rich voice rolled into the room from the open door. "Lunixri... your master is looking for you. I have overstepped myself enough for one day... So, go before they find you here."

With that, Lunixri scooted past her, whispering, "I want to taste of you next time," in her ear.

Then she passed Zerret. He gave her a look that said he would bite her if she didn't move fast enough. Giving her a wink, Lunixri turned out of the doorway and was gone.

"I have a contract of service, if you can read... Otherwise, I will read it to you," he said formally.

"I don't read very well. Keeper, if you would read it aloud I will listen and take this as my first lesson."

He looked at the open door.

"Follow me." He said breathily.

Zerret walked out of the room and could feel her confused cloud of thoughts and emotions hurry to fall in behind him. He just listened to her thoughts as they walked. He allowed himself a grin as she argued internally about enjoying being leered at by the elven lesbian.

{It is different to you now, isn't it?} Loc's liquid voice flowed into his thoughts.

{Somewhat. Did Uncle talk to you?} he asked in return.

{Yes. And yes I think I see why you and I have been annoyed at each other. I do apologize and hope you to are willing to offer one to me, as well,} Loc sent, sorrow and a need for validation swimming in the texture of his words.

{I do apologize, Uncle Loc. (affection) My youth and inexperience set us at odds. (sorrow) We should perhaps have sought the advice of 'Uncle' sooner,} he conveyed to Loc smoothly.

He felt the fear and fascination of Rincitni as she watched him walk side by side with an Illithid, unaware of the telepathic conversation the two of them were having. He hoped that when she did see him, she wouldn't suffer a mental break like the two previous potential pets had.

{This one feels stronger than the ones we got for you. I might mind your instincts more often, as well,} Loc sent with a warm parental pride, before taking a different direction, leaving him with his new pet.

"Keeper?" she asked timidly.

"Ask your question," he said reassuringly.

"Would you ask me to pleasure that creature sexually?"

Even at this distance he could feel Locs' mental "What!!?!" before he started laughing and placing a hand on the wall to keep himself from falling to the floor. She stood motionless in confusion and apprehension. His laughter subsided and he turned to look at her.

"I don't think that would work out well for any of us... So, no. I won't ask you to sex up the genderless Illithid. However, if you are in need of something to sex with I can see what Lunixri has going this evening."

"I ...um.... Don't I belong to you for sex and like....???" she stammered.

"That has yet to be worked out. Shall we continue on to your chambers?"

She stood before him. He had read of the contract and she was ready to recite the rules she had to follow. Zerret had yet to show himself to her. It unnerved her somewhat. Nevertheless, the prospect of receiving gold for getting pleasured by his ungodly chair of sexual torture almost had her fainting in delight.

"Keeper... I, the pet, am to keep myself clean with no less than one full bath a day. I am to keep myself in good health with proper diet and adequate sleep. I choose to refuse or allow advances from anyone," she said. "You, Zerret, are my Keeper and set the rest of my rules as you see fit."

"Are you comfortable with this arrangement, Rincitni?" he asked. "At this point, you still have the option to broker another contract. After this, you may only ask for another Keeper. Is this understood?"

"It is understood, Keeper. I agree to the terms as they are, sir."

"Zerret, I see why you wanted to keep this one from me," Lord Trinseccet said from outside his viewing port into their room.

This was one of those other rules of the Fortress they both answered to, it would seem. She held herself and watched her Keeper for what to do. He seemed not to mind being watched by the dragon and went about what he was doing, which was undoing his cowl and robe. The gloves already sat on the chest of drawers and the boots stood beside it.

Her eyes widened as he turned to face her. He was featureless except for eyes. They were warm, yet piercing, and leveled into her the way a demon hunting cats would. Her surprise was far from over. As he stepped in her direction, his skin rippled and his tall muscled frame seemed to melt. Her breath caught in her throat. Three heartbeats later, the ungodly sex chair stood in place of her Keeper, Zerret.

"Does the sight of this chair excite you, little pet?" said the dragon into the room gently.

"Yes? But," she said, half coughing at the return of movement to the air in her lungs.

{I am the chair, Rincitni. I am a shape shifter; a Mimic. I am just under six weeks old with the knowledge of 700 years of my kind and 120 years of collected human memories and skills.} he openly broadcast to her and Uncle. {With you as my pet, I hope to gain an understanding of the knowledge I currently possess. I am willing to give you immeasurable pleasure in return.}

"O I um think I can be interested in that yes thing." She muddled three thoughts into something not really a sentence. But Zerret gave an inward sigh of relief. Her mind was excited- confused- horny- and completely intact. He found a pet- friend- sex ... She took one step in his direction and fainted.

Morphing quickly, he closed the space between them and caught her unconscious form before she hit the floor. He looked up at his uncle with a wry smile.

"You are brave for doing that in front of her, Zerret," the dragon said.

"And your doing so in front of me was any less a risk for you?" he replied.

"Fair enough... I will leave you to work things out with her. I expect you both in the dining hall this evening. Good luck, Youngling," Uncle said as it turned from its viewport into the room.

Loc passed the corridor outside of Zerret's new chambers. His thoughts were private, yet raged through his head from conflicting vantage points. Never would an Illithid have said it had a headache. His tentacles jerked and twitched, which mirrored the discordant flow of his thoughts. He closed his eyes and focused on a mind cleansing exercise.

"Uncle Loc? "Came Zerret's voice.

{Why do you disturb me?} he sent.

"You have been standing in this corridor for the past three hours. And when I did not get an answer to my mental greeting, I spoke aloud," he stated in a calm tone.

{Three hours? You must be mistaken,} jeered Loc, his emotional disbelief radiating from him.

{Uncle when was the last time you slept?} Zerret sent as he gestured down the hall towards the Illithid's chambers. {Perhaps we can communicate while we dine. I would appreciate your advice on types of fare.}

{You want to ask me about what to eat?} Loc nervously asked.

{Well, more like whom...} shrugged his reply.

Loc's tentacles swished as his mental laughter rolled with the wave of humor he exuded. Zerret smiled as they walked to the central staircase that led them into the fortress' dungeon. Zerret felt that he and Loc might work out a rather strong relationship now that he was growing into more of an independent person. Loc would have more space to think of him as a friend instead of one of his children. It also meant Zerret would be held, by Loc, to a high standard of mental conduct. He could accomplish this.

She had watched him move about the room. He was plain to the point of strange to her eyes. Rincitni had awakened in the soft warm embrace of the large bed centered on the back wall of the room. He put the trunk of her belongings into an armoire. Appointments in the room were impeccably fashioned. She had never seen a room with this much thought put into its décor. She knew that he was aware of her, and he looked over to her as he pointed to the wash basin and towels.

<Freshen up before we head down to the dining hall. I will give you an hour. I will return,> he had sent mentally before stepping to the door and leaving.

She sat up in the bed, looked herself over, and then swung her feet to the carpeted floor. Exploring the room, her thief's skill of appraisal couldn't keep up with the value of the items that furnished it. Even the linen on the bed was a type that the guild masters of Kreen would have given 10 gold coins for. The room would rival a nobles' stateroom in even the best hosting houses of the capital.

Tapping at the door half startled her. She snuck over to the door and tried peeking out a little crack she opened in it. She saw the long silver hair of Lunixri. She could hear voices of at least two other women with her.

"What are doing here, Lunixri?" she hissed though the crack in the door.

"Open up... We have fortress welcome gifts... You know... Those kinds of things that them male types don't know we sexy females need to stay feeling up for the hot lovin'... Open the door, girlie."

"Maybe we should just hand her the stuff and go," a fearful feminine voice whispered.

"We are here 'cause Trinie said so... Now, you three shut it. Rincitni, let us in... Zerret won't be mad about you getting grooming items... I mean, Rule 2, right?" Lunixri voiced plainly.

She opened the door a bit wider, "Number 1... Stay clean at all times with no less than a full bath daily."

"This room was marked, 'Death resides here - Keep out,' the last time I was on this floor of the keep," said the blood red haired elf that had spoken before.

"I don't see any signs, now... Rin, you got some deathly thing in there with you? Come on, I want to see what kinda room your keeper set up for you. Is it full of naughty racks and chains?" Lunixri grinned as she spoke. "Besides, I still want to give you a proper 'Welcome to the fortress' kiss and get that taste."

"You want to...." she started to say, pulling the door wide to the women standing outside. She started to shake as she felt her heart jump and the burning of cheeks as she blushed fiercely. She watched as the five women all scooted into her room. Every one of them only made it 3 feet into the room before stopping in their tracks. She closed the door after a peek in to the corridor.

All of them seemed to have them same awestruck expression. They looked at the bed and furniture with very little doubt they we envious of her. She stepped past them, trying not to let her eyes linger on any of them more than a heartbeat. Lunixri had brought her roommates: a red haired wild elf, two drow women, and an elf with blue-green translucent hair.

"Rin, if I had to rut a couple of trolls for this room, I would be lying if I said I wouldn't think about it," Lunixri said breaking the silence. "Money. Sex. Really good food. But this room... I could see myself fucking someone to death to get a room like this."

"I think you are getting a little overly dramatic, Luni," The redhead said.

"Oh... sorry, she's right. You got a nice keeper. So, where is his demon sex chair?" Lunixri asked.

"It hasn't been moved in yet," she lied, not sure what they knew about Zerret.

"Your keeper has a demon. Does Trin know about it?" asked the taller of the drow.

"Would you all stop? It was a figure of speech," Lunixri said. "I think introductions are in order... This is Vale," gesturing to the blood red haired elf. "Ruvia and Fretni," indicating the shorter first then the taller drow women. " And this is Nistine the half-blood Nixie. We all call her Nye."

"Only 'cause we yell it into the water when she won't stop licking," Vale said.

"In my defense, you can't call me by my dolphin name," Nye said blushing reddish-blue.

"She breathes underwater and loves the taste of us dark elves when we are wet... By any means... Turned on or bathing," Ruvia ribbed.

"If you are here to give my pet gifts... Do so and go," Zerret's voice rolled over the group from the door with LocNial standing at his shoulder. "We are all expected in the dining hall in 10 minutes."

The women all rushed around Rincitni. Each one handed her a small bundle and kissed her on the cheek. Each of them whispered that they would welcome her better when her keeper wasn't around. Lunixri handed her a soft side sling style purse then pulled her into her arms. Rincitni went ridged when the tall silver haired elf's lips pressed tightly over hers.

Lunixri caressed her bottom as she released the kiss. "Ask your keeper to sit at our table for dinner," she said, then walked away from her, eyeing Zerret as she gathered her roommates and exited the room. Loc followed them.

"Are you alright, Rincitni?" he asked. "We are needed in the dining hall. If you wish to sit at their table you can, but keep in mind they might want you for dessert."

She put her gifts onto a low table next to the wash basin and followed him out of the room.

"You are flustered. You feel like you now have a question or two," he said, not looking back at her.

"I have a lot of questions...." she blurted.

He looked back over his shoulder at her, his eyes stabbingly cold in their expression. She realized what she had just done by not using his title or proper manners.

"Yes, Keeper... I have questions," she corrected. His eyes warmed and looked upon her gently.

"Hold your questions till after dinner," he said in an even tone.

She asked, "Keeper, what do those women know about you? What am I allowed to say? These questions can't wait until after dinner, sir."

He stopped. "You're right. For now, tell them you are forbidden to talk about me. I don't know what they were told. We will talk this out after dinner," he said and continued to lead them to the dining hall.

"Does Trinseccet expect his harem to seduce me at the table?" she asked, then quickly added, "Keeper?"

"You can say 'no'." he reminded her.

"I don't know if I want to say 'no'. I have never had this kind of attention before, Keeper." Her voice was a mix of childlike fear and excitement.

"You don't feel that from me?" he asked.

"Yes, Keeper. But from them, it's different," she said as she looked with a questioned expression.

He didn't look back. He could feel her thoughts, the questions and her arguments with herself. To look at her in anyway would only add to that turmoil. He opened the large hall door and stepped in. Holding the door for her, he looked around the room to find where they were supposed to sit. The dragon turned and waved for them to take a table to the left of his harem's table. Loc was seated at a private table just beyond that one.

She looked at the women sitting at the table. Vale and the two drow were there. Nye was flanked by two other exotic looking females opposite them. Lunixri, however, was not at the table. She didn't know if she was relieved or disappointed. Zerret pulled a chair out for her to sit in, then sat down in the chair to the right of it. She fidgeted when the dragon swept its gaze over the collection of diners in the hall.

"Welcome, Zerret, I see you have joined the Keeper ranks," the dragon said.

"Yes, Uncle. Thank you," he replied. Rincitni was confused but kept still and quiet.

"So, by what name are we to know your pet?" Trinseccet asked.

"Her name is Rincitni. I haven't decided on a pet name yet," Zerret said clearly.

"Rincitni, please stand and tell us one thing about you that no one else knows," the dragon said, looking from Zerret to her.
