 Rincitni was not sure what to do after he had shifted into a barrel. It wasn't until the next day, when Lord Trinseccet stopped to ask Zerret why he had left before the entertainment, that she knew what to think again. The Dragon asked and she answered. When she put forth questions, he would answer; save anything about Zerret. He told her, however, he would send LocNial to check on Zerret for her and gave her a pull rope to summon a personal room attendant from the kitchen.

Zerret, the dragon guessed, had misjudged his need of sleep. As his nephew's pet, he would not leave her without someone to check on her and Zerret. He assured her she would be fine, save that if she tried to flee after accepting contract, she would become his property or killed outright. The secrets of the fortress and those within it were paramount.

An hour or so after that, LocNial (the Illithid) came calling. After checking Zerret, he advised her on what not to do. He toldher something about Zerret's species. Some of it she followed. The rest she just blankly listened to. Once he had left, she returned to the paper, quill, and ink. She started writing... Questions; a will; even fantasies. Each she put into a pile around the desk.

A few days passed. She wrote. When she was hungry, she got food. When she was tired, she slept. On the fourth day, Trinseccet stopped to talk to her and advised that she start taking her duties as a pet seriously... like the bathing. LocNial added advice to rub her own female juices on herself to keep Zerret from mistaking her for breakfast.

She got used to her captivity. With the exception of being threatened with death should she try to escape, being here was, for the most part, pleasurable. It was the dreams that really made being here a lot more interesting. All of them were erotic adventures that stayed with her and just added to how horny she seemed to be all the time now. There was always plenty for her to envision as she touched herself. After every pleasurable session, she perfumed her body as the Illithid had said. She would lay out on the bed and look over at the barrel, which was Zerret. She would think about what else he could do to her as she drifted off to sleep.

"I am myself again," he thought as he shifted back into a bipedal form.

As his eyes opened, there was very little changed in the room to take notice of. Reaching out with his mental senses, he felt her. Her supple female form sprawled out in the middle of the large silk clad bed. She still wore the chains he had left for her. Stepping quietly, he looked over her sleeping body.

It was very attractive. Having talked with his Uncle at length on the subject of bipedal forms, his assessment of her proportions fell in the range ideal to a female form. Her skin showed very little evidence of the hard life she had lived. Only two scars marred her smooth skin. One was high on her right leg just below the line of her hip. The second was on the underside of her left arm. Her body had a few of the human hair placements. Aside from her head, her under arms and small patch above her pelvic region were both present. The rest of her was lacking in hair or recently groomed.

He turned away from the bed and walked over to the desk. Papers were stacked in uneven piles along its length. He sat in the chair. The feel of her thoughts were calm and warm. His face felt strange. He brought his hand to his face and his mouth had turned itself up at the ends. A smile. He was smiling. For the first time, he felt himself smile.

"You are awake... um, moving around again," Rincitni said from the middle of the bed.

"Yes I am. How long have I been 'asleep'?" he asked, looking at the mounds of paper on the desk.

"Six days, Keeper," she replied as she rolled on to her stomach. "Loc has checked on you every day. Trinseccet visited almost daily, as well, though he usually talked to me from the port in the ceiling as I ate."

"Uncle is not what you would think of when one mentions 'dragon'," he rationalized.

"I didn't find talking to Trinseccet any different than talking to any other noble," said Rincitni as she propped herself on her elbows.

"I don't think Uncle would find that much of a compliment," he said.

"That isn't what he expressed when I answered him. He said his people skills must be improving," she said. "He then went on to ask other things because he wanted the opinion of a female he wasn't sticking his tongue in."

"You seem to have adjusted to being here," he said.

"I will admit that that first day was more than a bit frightening. I mean, I did sneak in here on the orders of my guild master to steal from Lord Trinseccet. Then, after fleeing the guards, I found myself in a room with a voice that can inflict pain that showed me images of my wildest fantasies. Who told me if I wanted to live, I will be its pet-slave-girl. With the real kicker that the chair ravaged me in the most mind melting sexual way and the chair turned out to be the voice... you," she rattled out. "After everything else, a group of nude women wanted me... I had been taken by men, used and raped. So the thought of turning to women for that kind of pleasure had been considered." A dreamy trance emerged on her features. "I am looked on by many here as a women to give pleasure to. I am seen as sexy, exotic, and desirable."

"And all of this?" he said, gesturing over all of the papers on the desk.

"Questions and other things that I thought of while you were - um, how did he put it - dormant," she said.

"Who said that?" he asked.

"You did. Then Trinseccet reminded me a few days later, so two days ago. I tried asking about you but he refused to answer anything else on the subject of you."

"So he is leaving it up to me... It is my choice what to tell you or not. Well perhaps we should let you gather up these papers of yours and get through some of these before I wander off to eat," he said.

She slid off the bed and scooted over to the table. He could feel the nervousness of her thoughts as she reached the side of the table. Her eyes studied him; there was no sign of what he was thinking. Talking with the dragon had been a bit intimidating. She picked up a pile of paper and looked to him for how she should go about asking. He stood up and motioned for her to sit in the chair behind the desk. He walked past her. The feel of her thoughts was ever the turmoil. He began to wonder if this was her native mental state.

"So you are a Mimic... " she started. "Only you are a hybrid?"

"That is probably the closest explanation of what I am. I thought Uncle didn't talk about me?" He said.

"LocNial told me that. As well as keeping myself as freshly scented as possible," she went on. "So, after every bath I would bring myself to pleasure and perfume myself with my own nectars. SO, if you woke before you had a chance to regain yourself, I would not smell like something to eat. His words ... well thoughts."

"Do you have a problem with what I eat?" He asked and scanned into her thoughts. Most of her seemed to not care what he ate while another part liked the idea. This confused him for a moment.

"No, I don't mind, Loc told me that these people were tried for their crimes and deserve death. He said that both of you eat when you must. It is not because you want to kill people." She said. "I eat the meat of animals, so do you... just a different kind." Her emotions were as calm as her words which would imply she was telling the truth.

"Alright, next question..." he said as his own curiosity started to rise about this female.

"How is having me as your pet going to give you insight into the knowledge in your head?" She asked seemingly half confused by her own question. "I think I wrote this one right after you turned into a barrel."

"Reference. Reading your feelings and feel will help me find the context to the knowledge in my head," he said, but felt that this wasn't making any sense to her. "It is like having a book but not knowing the language it is written in."

"Ok... You know I am a female and you are, from the way you present yourself, male. Right?" she said.

"This is a problem?" he asked. This was not something he would think of as needing consideration.

"Well, yes... I mean even the feel of sex is vastly different. So, wouldn't that translate to how a man or women feel in a simpler way? I like smooth silky bedding, but that's me. I've met other women that can't sleep if they aren't on fur. And that's just a different kind of elf. That's not even a difference in gender."

"And you think I should have a male pet then?" he asked. Fear shot through her every thought.

"No, no. I ... no, I mean... well, if you want to be male and learn what it feels like to be male... You're going to have to copy from them more than me... But don't send me away... Or eat me, wait, kill, eat me..." she said in a panicked rant. "I want to stay and help you... Trinseccet said if you sent me away with what I know, he would have to keep me locked in his harem or kill me. I don't think I could handle his harem any easier than just being killed... and I don't want to die."

"Calm yourself!" He all but shouted. "You seem to be reading a lot into an answer I haven't even given yet. You are smarter than you give yourself credit for, but you are running away with yourself because of it as well." Her mind raced across itself, images and blurred feelings. "Perhaps this is a subject we can get back to later."

His flat tone and stoic expression did very little to relieve her fears. She looked through the papers for questions that would not relate to closely to this subject. Page after page she went... everything seemed to have everything to do with this. She looked him in the eyes.

"How do you change shape?" she asked out of a sense of needing something to say.

"How does a fish learn to swim?" he asked in return, remembering Uncles conversation when he asked about himself.

"It doesn't learn; it just does???" she replied.

"Right. I just do," he said. "I, however, can shift my shape with a more conscious effort different from just blending into the scenery. Like becoming a chair that will restrain, then probe sexual passages."

"Did you enjoy that... I mean did it feel good to you?" she asked shyly. Her thoughts and body reacted to the memories of how pleasurably intense it had been. Her nipples started to stiffen slightly and she began to fidget in the chair with the increase in heat and moisture gathering between her upper thighs.

"I felt what you felt. Was it 'good for me'? It was fun and the way your body sang in pleasure prompted me to want you as my pet." He said. "I don't 'feel' that way. I want to learn how."

She looked a bit confused. The feelings in her were sad. That it was her fault in some way, she had not been good enough for him. Memories of being looked down upon by males that had taken her. The sneers of them when she didn't meet their approval after they had used, or in some cases, raped her. Even as the thoughts raced, her body seemed to turn cold, drained of the remembered pleasure.

"You can stop that NOW!" he growled at her. His eyes felt like they pierced into her soul. Her mind blanked of all thought. He walked to one of the barren walls.

"It wasn't you and you are very good for me. Loc explained it to me and I will try to do the same for you," he said. "I don't 'feel' the same way other beings do. It has to do with the way my flesh works."

This calmed her, somewhat. He could feel yet another inner turmoil Rincitni kept hidden in the dark recesses of her mind. These, too, were a great source of curiosity for him. She watched and listened to him intently. He picked up a piece of chalk and drew two human shaped outlines on the wall.

"Now in most bipeds... humans, elves, and even Illithid, you have one massive center of nerves." He said as he drew a circle into one of the figures. "From there, all thoughts manifest - knowledge is stored - and used. Now this is where my main nerve cluster is." He shaded in the whole head and torso of the second figure as well as the upper parts of the legs. "This is only the start of what is different. I have a very keen sense of smell - but have no ability to taste. I feel you speak to me more than hear it - I have no ears in that respect. So asking me if it 'felt good' is why I want you as a pet. To learn how to 'FEEL' as any other non-morphic biped does."

She sat there in stunned silence. This was not making any sense to her at all. How did he not feel? If he could think, how did he not feel?

"Stop that! Again you are letting your thoughts run ramped," he said his voice sharp with annoyance. "Describe the color yellow."

"Um... bright, sunny, happy?" she said. Her mind was at least moving in one direction again.

"If you were blind, would what you just said make any sense to you at all?

"When I say I can't 'feel', I do not mean I lack the ability. My sense of touch is very acute. However, I do not get itchy, ticklish, discomforted by a rough surface nor am I pleasured by a caress or fondling. My skin is not as discerning in its feeling of what touches it."

"So, it is more like you are colorblind in your skin with sensation?" she said with loud ring of understanding that almost left Zerret dizzy.

"I... Yes, that is the most accurate way of putting it I have heard said about it. You are quite a smart woman, I will have to tell Uncle this description. As for you, I think you deserve a reward for this," he said. "Even LocNial hasn't come to this kind of understanding and he is telepathic. What kind of reward would you like most? Or should I choose one for you?"

"Yes... Keeper. I am your pet to train and reward as you see fit," she all but purred as the raw need of sexual affection poured out of her. After six days of masturbation, her mind conjured many fantasies of the chair pleasuring her wriggling body. She almost visibly drooled as those thoughts surfaced in her.

This reaction made him feel very good. That Rincitni wanted his pleasuring. He understood what Loc had said about getting pleasure from giving, that it would happen quickly. That is why Trinseccet did what he did to his pets. Emotional pleasure is just as important, or in cases like Loc and himself, even more so. It was a sensation he would very much like to have a lot more of.

"Then I will go eat... you will find something to do with this..." he said, using a hand to indicate the surface of the desk. "Have food brought and a bath ready for you by the time I return," he said before moving towards the door. Looking back to see how her emotions would play over her features, he felt a rise in the feelings she held of herself. As he reached the door, she was standing, not completely still, and had a look of resolve on her face.

"Everything will be done, Keeper," she said as her excitement and anticipation started building before he had even left. "How much time will I have to make ready, sir?"

************************

Nye danced nervously from foot to foot. She waited for Vale outside of the servers' entrance of the dining hall. Vale scared her when she came through the door. The look in Vale's eyes told her that Zerret had just come into the hall. With an exchange of thin smiles, they took to the corridors. Nye had overheard one of the servants say they were going to need the hot water tub and cart for Keeper Zerret's pet.

Since the night of Zerret's welcome dinner, none of them had seen him or Rincitni, his pet. Nye was growing very concerned. Even after she had asked Lunixri, and then Trinseccet, no one would give her any answers about the mixed elf maiden of Zerret's. She had to see for herself. She had to bribe Vale into showing her the way after she ended up lost trying to find the room herself.

Now she was on her way. Vale lead the way through the maze of corridors. Vale moved swiftly across an intersection of hallways and stopped in front of what should have been Rincitni's room. Vale nodded for her to knock on the door. Nye was anything but shy. Vale winced as Nye knocked on the door like a sieging barbarian.

The door opened and there stood Rincitni. Nye breathed a sigh of relief. Vale had a look on her face like she was going to faint. Rincitni tilted her head to the side with a very relieved and confused expression.

"Nye and Vale? Right..?" she asked. "What are you two doing here?"

"I was kinda worried when we didn't see you again after the welcome dinner."

"And you pick now to come bang on the door....? Get in here," she said.

Nye grabbed Vale by the arm and pulled her inside with her. Rincitni closed the door after them. Nye smelled that no one but Rincitni and her Keeper Zerret had been in this room since she was here last. This seemed strange. There was no smell of anyone else, like staff or guards.

"The dinner was six nights ago." Rincitni said. "So you just get around to checking up on me now?"

"I have tried checking on you for the past four days." Nye admitted.

"She kept getting lost." Added Vale. Nye nodded, looking at her feet.

"Look, I have less than an hour to get the room ready for my Keeper," Rincitni said. "So unless you are here to help, stay here by the door. You don't need to be tracking your scents all over the carpet."

"The two of you better be prepared to explain yourselves," Trinseccets voice rolled into the room from the viewing port in the ceiling. "I don't remember Zerret asking for either of you to check up on his pet. Nor do I recall either of you asking to come there."

Both of them dropped to their knees in a straight back pose with their legs spread open shoulder width.

"Lord, we beg forgiveness," They said in unison.

"The blame is all mine, Lord. I bribed Vale into bringing me to see Rincitni," Nye said.

"I am as equally to blame, Lord. I agreed to bring her. She would have, once again, lost her way in the fortress if not for my assistance," said Vale

"Regardless, you two are here without permission. I do not believe that the two of you are so neglected that you need to seek the attentions of a pet belonging to someone else." The dragon said, his humor skirting the edge of his words.

"We are not here for that, Lord... I was worried for Rincitni. After Norrinshrin spoke ill of Zerret and was well... put in her place," Nye said meekly. "After the dinner, and their having left without seeing Lunixri perform... questions unanswered and my imagination... I worried for Rincitni's wellbeing."

"Rumors of LocNial being suspicious and afraid of Zerret only added to our worry for a new pet in the fortress. Was it not you, Lord, that charged us with making sure new pets felt safe and welcome," said Vale. "Rincitni was given gifts and even Lunixri, your favorite, showed little interest in the new pet after only one day... After going against you by sneaking us all here on the first day."

"We were afraid that she was being sorely mistreated... a direct violation of what the fortress was built on... your rules and code of conduct, Great Lord." Nye said.

Rincitni was a blur of emotional conflict. These two women risked themselves to find out if she was well. Her heart ached with affection; no one that she could remember had done half as much to look after her. These women hardly knew her and risked a dragon's wrath. The other side of her screamed Zerret, her keeper and shape changing sex god, was coming back to this room to reward her. She wanted it.

"Lord, I do not see how their looking in on me is a reason for their being punished. If anyone here should be punished, it is I. However, that is not for you to decide, Lord. That would fall to my keeper. And as he left no instructions regarding my being allowed guests, the matter should be moot," Rincitni said with as much pride as she could muster.
