 I gasp violently - as though I have been held under water for much too long. My body seizes up but is quickly pulled back to a soft mattress beneath me. My eyes fight to adjust to the dim lights, but for a few minutes, all I see is the blurred world around me. I hear incoherent mumbling, unable to make out what they are saying. My arms and legs are only able to move slightly and then are forced back to the soft padding my body lays upon. As my vision slowly returns I am able to make out figures. They all have an odd glow to them, like those seen in videos with temperature sensing cameras. There are two bodies standing near my head - one struggling, and a third person at the foot of the bed standing between my spread legs. I can make out my own reflection on the tinted glass ceiling; my arms are stretched wide and legs parted and bent at the knees.

As my senses return, I am filled with an unexplainable fury and a physical hunger like I have never felt before. I am naked and the bed supports me up to my lower back. My ass hangs over the edge and I can now make out Jonathan, who is the one between my legs. Looking at my reflection, my figure is now so young. My body free of the scars from motherhood. My breast firm, now defying gravity and staying in place instead of drooping to my sides. My skin is smooth and free of the stretch marks that previously covered my abdomen, breast, and sides. My eyes startle me the most; black as night and not a hint of the whites. They appear demonic, my first realization that I am now living my new life. Those by my side are two women, one being restrained wearing a hospital gown with a black bag covering her head. The other is naked and keeping a firm hold of her captive.

I yank on my tethers and see Jonathan flinch briefly as the chains go taut making a loud clinking sound. They feel as though they may give to my new strength but I am disappointment as they hold up. Frustration overcomes me and turns to anger. Resistance is futile, but still I struggle. "Free me," I growl, "free me from these chains right now!" There is hatred in my voice, an evil I don't recognize in myself but very much present. The glow emanating from myself is a crimson while the two in control glow blue.

His voice calm, "In due time, but there are things we must do first. We must account for all of our safety as well as yours. We talked about this already but I suppose you forget that. First, you must feed."

The hooded woman squirms and lets out a muffled cry. She too fights and struggles for her freedom. "I have brought someone special, a gift, for your first feeding." He nods to the woman who I now recognize as the same who I saw before entering Jonathan's chamber. A quick yank and she pulls the hood off their prisoner. My eyes grow wide and I am suddenly filled with even more rage. I again try to overpower my restraints, pulling and punching wildly at the air. I feel a discomfort in my gums as my new fangs extend for the first time. Standing there beside me is the slut who ruined my marriage, the barista that chose to fuck my husband...the father of my children.

He smiles at my anger, his remains voice calm, "Go ahead Sabrina, offer your wrist. It the least you can do after breaking up her marriage." She now fights violently, the fear in her eyes very visible and her body glows yellow. Her screams are muffled by a cloth rag filling her mouth and held by tape. Her handler quickly grabs her by the throat and whispers in her ear. This has a calming effect on her and she begins to cry. A few seconds pass and some more words are whispered. Only Sabrina can hear and after a few seconds, she slowly extends her arm. As her wrist approaches, I am overcome by this new instinct within me and strike quickly. My fangs sink into the skin and pierce her veins before pulling back. Heavy blood flow allows me to feed. She lets out another muffled scream followed by whimpering. Her pain is not suppressed as mine was when I was fed from.

My first feeding is messy but satisfies that primal hunger. As I feed, her body begins to go limp and has to be supported. Consciousness leaves her, her eyes roll back and I am cut off from my food source. The other woman stops the flow of blood with pressure then moves the almost lifeless body to the corner of the room.

"She'll be okay in due time," Jonathan speaks with a smile, "we don't want to turn you into a killer." A surge of strength flows through me and I again fight. The metal post to which I am bonded bend and Jonathan's eyes watch closely. They continue to hold. "It's time we get you tamed, we can't have you getting too powerful." Blood trickles down the sides of my face and I let out a rage-filled growl to which he chuckles.

"Your body draws power from feeding and...from here," his fingers slide through my lubricated vaginal lips with ease. "And from here," his fingers slide down past my perineum and to the other opening which he circles a few times, "you surrender your powers. You sacrifice them to those who take it." He steps closer and grabs his already erect cock. His free hand pulls on a rope which lifts my thighs and in turn my hips. He slides his cock down - pausing briefly at my vaginal entrance. "One day soon, you will feel me again here. We will create life." He then proceeds lower and stops at the next orifice and presses gently, "But for now, we must get you under control."

"So help me, if you put your cock in my ass..." and before I can finish my thought he thrusts forward and buries himself in one push. It isn't painful, just minor discomfort. Without hesitation, he begins to fuck me. After a few thrusts, the discomfort disappears and I strangely start to feel blanketed by a calmness. My anger subsides slowly as his hands hold grip my ass, spreading my cheeks wider. My eyes move to my reflection and I watch as my breast bounce each time he pushes deep into me. His head is down watching his cock disappear; my grunts and his moans meet in harmony. The blackness of my eyes slowly fades each time he penetrates me, absorbing back more of the powers he gave me as I transformed.

"You like being fucked like this, taken against your will. An animal, tied up and surrendering to your Master...giving him your strength." As he talks, he fucks harder which prevents me from replying. I can only grunt and moan as the stolen strength provides him more energy to push harder into me. His hands move to my hips where he grips tightly, pulling himself into me. "Your kitty is so wet," I can only nod. I look at my reflection and see the black film over my eyes is gone; the iris yellow like Masters.

Without slowing, he motions for the other woman to join us. She leaves Sabrina limp against the wall and moves to my side. They communicate without speaking and I am able to understand. It is clear from their communication that she too is submissive to him however he is not her creator. He tells her to kiss me and she does so. She cleans the blood from my cheek and then her lips meet mine. The yellow of her eyes glows brightly before closing and her tongue brushes across my lips. 'Be a good girl and kiss me, please your Master'. The words are heard in a whisper but her lips are pressed to mine. Her long blond hair falls over me, shielding my face. My body jerks with each drive of Master's member but our lips remain connected.

He is soon close to orgasm and I can feel him throbbing as he fights to hold it back. "Make her come with me". His voice is commanding and she does as she's told. Her fingers find my pussy quickly and her two fingers penetrate me with ease. Muffled as our lips remain fused and our tongues dance, I moan loudly as her fingers synchronize with him and both my openings are fucked in unison. A few moments and soon his seed is spilling into me as he grunts in orgasm. My body follows his lead. The kiss is broken as I struggle to breathe, gasping and crying out. Waves of blissfulness reach every part of my body as he empties himself into me.

As the mutual orgasms subside, he takes her wrist from me and brings her fingers to his lips. I watch as he cleans my thick arousal. He misses none and he is intimate as he does so. Once satisfied there is nothing left, he lowers my hip with the rope attached to my waist. His cock slowly slips free as I drop to the bed and he lays his weight on top of me.

He kisses my breast then my lips, "Welcome to our world, you're my good girl". There is an intimate bond for a few moments and then he slowly unties my restraints. I don't fight, nor try to free myself but instead embrace him. My arms hug him tightly and I am enveloped by a calmness and warmth.

Our intimate moment is interrupted by Sabrina who has regained consciousness and is again fighting, this time with very little strength. She has either found new bravery or simply given up. "You better kill me now or I'll expose this entire place to everybody. The entire world will know what sick and twisted people you are!". The woman moves to her and smiles, forcibly grabbing Sabrina's wounded wrist and she winces. "You're not the first to threaten us and I am sure you're not going to be the last." She licks over the scars on the wrist and they instantly heal, "Nobody will believe you and you don't know where we have you." She tosses her arm back and grabs her by the throat lifting her up with ease. She leads her towards the door where they disappear.

"You're my first and therefore very special to me. I can feel your needs and wishes, your fears and pleasures. You are mine and I will keep you safe and happy. This I promise you." His fingers run through my hair and he looks at me with love, "There are some things I will require of you. You are forbidden from sexual contact with human men. Your biology is different now, your body steals the strength of your partner during vaginal sex. This has a biological reason...allowing you to protect potential offspring but is often fatal to organic life. As with all things in nature, there is a balance. When a male takes you through anal sex he is able to pull that power from you. I am your creator, your Master. This power belongs to me so that I can protect you."

He slides to the side of me and frees my arms and legs from the restraints. He then disconnects the posts I was restrained to through a complicated procedure and places them outside to be collected. The room now looks like the others I passed on the way to his chamber. All are exact replicas of each other, except for the colors that decorate the spaces. There is no privacy but strangely I am not bothered by this. He helps me sit up and pulls me to him as he sits down beside me. I feel loved, like never before...even as a newlywed.

"I only wish for you, Master. Nobody else, just you." I have no understanding of why I feel so deeply connected to this man I just met such a short time ago but my words are profound and sincere.

I am looking at the bed with my head against his chest but can feel him smile. He squeezes me a little tighter and again runs his fingers through my hair. He speaks with a calmness, "I can feel how truly you mean that. I know that your thoughts are pure but the changes within you will lead to conflicting needs if you are not properly cared for. You have so much to learn, to understand the changes you have endured. Allison was gracious enough to assist me today and she really likes you. She is one of our Elders transformations and has been with us for quite a while. I have arranged for her to be your mentor."

He stands and reaches for a control and types in a code. The two neighboring rooms shift and move together, creating a suite. Two side doors meet and create an opening. "We only have a short time to get you ready to be out there on your own. I have taken care of your employer, and you are excused from work for a few weeks. When you go back and you're not working you will be here. Only when your kids are with you will you be allowed extended stays away." His fingers hook my chin and bring my eyes to his. "As your body finalizes the transformation, you will need rest. Once the transformation is complete, sleep will no longer be needed. For now, rest." He kisses my lips and walks out the room. I lay back on the bed and quickly find sleep.

My dreams are varied, all very vivid and sexual. I have always been mild sexually. My idea of kinky was a blowjob and doggy style. I enjoy sex but was never the adventurous type. The dreams - I am fucked by multiple men at once. I am tied up in various positions while my body is exploited by whoever wishes. And then there is the lesbian sex. Before waking from my death, the thought had never even crossed my mind. It didn't bother me, but it just wasn't for me. That all changed with Allison's kiss and the way she touched me. I could see her in each of my dreams, not always participating but she was there.

I am startled awake by her voice. Her fingers running through my hair as she stands at my side, still completely naked. "You need to feed again, the changes take a lot out of you." With her, another woman in a hospital gown. This one is not combative and seems eager to donate her blood. Allison guides her wrist to my lips, and I can feel her pulse like the heavy bass in music. My fangs come out and I latch on. Her arm jerks slightly but then rest after the initial shock. My fangs retract and I begin to gently suck on the flesh to bring forth the blood to my hungry lips. My eyes meet hers and she smiles shyly before looking away. As her flesh begins to go pale, Allison pulls the wrist from me and seals the wounds. She then assists her to the door where she is offered food and juice by another woman and led away.

Allison comes back to the bed and sits at my side. A finger slides across my lips collecting some of the blood left and she slowly traces her tongue over her finger. "The nightclub provides us many willing donors. Some do it for the free drinks, others get some kind of gratification from giving but we always get fed." Her finger wet with her saliva traces down my sternum and between my breast. "I'm sure you have questions, anything I can answer?"

So many questions, but I start simple. "What day is it?"

She smiles, "It's Tuesday. You left your previous life behind a little over four days ago. You have only been sleeping for about nine hours since Jonathan...I mean your Master tamed you." Her fingers are now not so innocently tracing my new breast, my nipples already responding. I am finding it very hard to concentrate but still have so many questions. Vivid lesbian images start flooding through my mind and I'm not sure if it is her doing this or just my own thoughts. I try to fight through it with increasing difficulty and I can tell that Allison is enjoying my struggle.

I eventually find my words, "Why are the walls glass and we not allowed to dress?"

She gives a devilish grin, "Honesty, or their answer? The men are perverts and keep us on display so they can enjoy our bodies and at times watch us in various sexual acts with each other and ourselves. Essentially, we are their live porn. Now if you ask them, they will tell you half-truths; the politically correct answer. We become more dangerous as we acquire power. The glow you see from all living creatures is a key indicator of one's mental state. They claim clothing interferes with their ability to read this sign. It is bullshit but is one of their reasonings nonetheless. More accurate with their argument is that we are sexual beings. We have only two natural instincts; reproduction and feeding. The men use the glass walls to ensure we are acting appropriately on those instincts." Her fingers are now on my pubic mound tracing random shapes against my flesh. The urges become too strong and I give in; give in to my body's demands and push her back onto the bed as I too lay back.

Her fingers push inside me and my hips lift slightly. I feel relief. My body was demanding sex and with Allison's help, she will appease its demands. She takes my hand and places it on her own swollen lips. This is a new experience. I have never touched another woman, not like this. She guides my fingers inside her; her fingers still moving slowly in and out of me. She communicates through thought, 'I know this is your first time and it's okay. I promise you will gain a lot of experience.' Her hand leaves the top of mine and brushes my cheek, pulling my gaze to her. 'Touch me like you touch yourself when masturbating." The feel of her lips are different to mine, they are thinner and her inner lips protrude much more than my own. I watch her shudder as my finger brushes over her clitoris and glide through her flowery vulva. Our breathing harmonizes and our chests rise and fall in unison.

My fingers enter her. Just as I did when her fingers entered me - I watch her shudder and her head fall back. She grips my fingers with her vaginal walls as they slowly inch inside her. I can feel a slight vacuum as her wetness creates suction. Her hips begin to rock slowly. She moans for the first time and retrieves her fingers from me. "That's a good girl, fuck me", her voice raspy. "Move your fingers faster, you won't hurt me." Her hand meets mine again and she shows me. My wrist goes limp and allows her control of my hand. She takes full advantage; my hand slaps against her labia, masturbating herself roughly using my fingers. After a short time of this, I can feel her an orgasm approach. Those telltale signs and she slows my invasive hand down before it takes over. With a soft nudge, she slowly stands and gently pulls me to her. I roll off the bed with her, my body presses against hers and she kisses me. She again removes her hand from mine with my fingers still inside her and she pulls me even closer. She places her hands on my lower back and ass. Our breast press into each other and I can feel her nipples fighting against the soft skin just below my own. Both of our abdomens trap my arm to where I can't pull it back.

She communicates with me while we kiss. In my head I hear her voice, 'Make me come for our audience'. My eyes open in shock and look around. In my peripheral vision I see two figures against the glass and suddenly feel nervous. Her voice again calms me before I panic, soft and commanding, 'I am your focus not them, make my pussy feel good like I showed you.'

I slowly begin to move my fingers inside her, the palm of my hand pressed firmly her clitoral hood. Her fingers grip into my back and ass while our kiss becomes more aggressive. Her moan muffled, her tongue assaults mine and her hips thrust against my fingers keeping me fighting for balance. I have never given another woman an orgasm but that is soon to change. She is so wet and the contractions get stronger, pressing against my fingers in longer increments. Her lips break the kiss and one arm moves around my shoulder and she rests her head on my other. Her shallow breath is cool against my skin and her soft moaning no longer muffled, creating music with the wet sounds of my fingers penetrating her. When her orgasm begins, I know immediately. Her cries are much louder and she somehow manages to pull me tighter to her body. She whispers in a breathy tone, "Oh God I'm coming!" but I already know. The palm of my hand continues to grind into her sensitive nub and my fingers fuck her against the squeezing of her strong muscles.

Giving another woman an orgasm is so new to me but at the same time so familiar. The waves start moving down your legs and up your spine, each one just a little stronger than the previous. Once they start, there is no going back and you surrender yourself. She cries out, each wave forcing a moan to escape her open lips as she struggles to breathe. Then the explosion happens and claims your body. Her body stiff and her cries hurt my ear. She convulses against me and the walls of her womanhood claim my fingers as their own. My arm around her lower back stabilizes her as the orgasm consumes her, and continues for a little over half a minute. As she tries to come down, I continue my assault. Her moans turn to squeaks and gasps, her hands fighting mine and tries to push me away. In her moment of weakness and my continued stimulation of her overly sensitive clit, I win the battle and overpower her. She continues to flail for a few more moments until another orgasm consumes her. She stops fighting and again goes stiff, her body vibrating with convulsions. Her nails dig into my flesh until the climax ends.
