 Zerret crossed to the door. His telepathic sense told him that Loc and Lunixri stood on the other side before he even opened it. He opened the door to them and Lunixri darted into the room. Loc stood motionless, save for the disjointed twitch of his facial tentacles.

{She is a bit angry at the other two,} Loc sent.

{Maybe so, but rules are rules. Her rudeness will not be stood for,} He returned and spun on his heel. "Woman, you have disrespected me for the last time," he growled at the back of her. "If you do not come back over here and make amends for your actions, I will have you removed and held till your Keeper can make amends for you."

Lunixri froze in her tracks, as did the rest of the women in the room. She turned a wide eyed gaze to meet his. She dropped to her knees with her back straight. He looked from her to Loc and gestured for the Illithid to enter. Loc moved to one of the cushioned chairs at the side of the room as Zerret closed the door. Looking back at Lunixri, his thoughts were a bit conflicted. This was Uncle in her elven guise, after all. This was her fortress and she could do as she pleased. Adding to the confusion was that Uncle dropped his head into the room from the ceilings' window.

"Lunixri, you have gone too far this time. Explain yourself at once." The Dragon demanded.

"Lord, I came in search of you. I was told you were here and I did not realize that the cat-man at the door was Keeper Zerret. I mistook him for a servant. Having met him previously, I was looking for the face he had when last I entered this room." She said smoothly and clearly. "The Drow delegation has arrived at the deep gate, Lord. As instructed, I have come to you with this information by the most direct means possible."

She turned to meet Zerret eye to eye. "Sir, I was wrong to enter your quarters so brazenly. I did not recognize you, though it is hardly an excuse. I await any punishment you see fit to place open me. I have disgraced my Lord. Orders or no, my lack of manners is inexcusable," she said, dropping her eyes to the floor.

"Uncle, she is yours and has offered a proper apology. I can confer punishment for her lack of manners, though this stemmed from orders of some import given by you." He said looking up at the draconian face.

"She is on her own in this. Too often she has gotten out of punishment. She is yours. I have matters to attend to." He looked at her. "She will not be permanently damaged or you will pay for her. Is this understood, Nephew?"

"Yes, Uncle. I understand very well, sir," he replied as the dragon withdrew itself from the room.

"You two," pointing at Nye and Vale, "have duties to my pet to fulfill. So get back to doing them. Loc?"

{I am not in this. I can wait,} it sent waving its three fingered hands in a defensive manner.

"So be it. You!" pointing into the face of Lunixri, "Stand." She did. Walking closer to the bath, he grabbed up two towels and set them on the floor in a position that allowed an unblocked view of the tub and bed. "You will kneel here and place your arms behind your back." She quickly complied. He pulled the draw sting from his robe and bound her hands together with it. "Now you can watch. If you move from this spot I will have to hurt you."

Rincitni motioned to gain her attention. Lunixri met Rincitnis' eyes and saw fear for her in those gold-green windows to her soul. Lunixri nodded to her that she would hold her place. Lunixri sighed as Zerret looked over at Nye and Vale. His eyes were fearsome, they conveyed the same promise of danger she found in her reflection as a dragon. She held back the grin for Zerret, having seen her dragon form in the room and having her elven guise burst in, with Loc watching. "Well played, my nephew," she thought.

It would be a test of her willpower now. She was sure Zerret knew it, too, but in the long run this would be good for morale and set Zerret's place in the public opinion of the fortress' staff and residence.

"Master LocNial, what brings you to my chambers? We talked less than an hour ago." Zerret said, walking over and sitting in the chair next to the Illithid.

{I found a bracelet in the fortress vault that might help you. I was bringing it by with the offer of assisting you learn its use-and acting as guard if it caused problems to you.} he sent along with images of good and horrifying possible outcomes from its use. His emotions were hopeful yet fearful that the latter would be dangerous even for him.

"I understand, Uncle. Thank you for looking and finding something so quickly." He said taking a look at the red haired wild elf hand feeding freshly peeled fruit to Rincitni. "I would have to decline trying it this evening."

{I agree, Nephew. I also like that you are starting to show wisdom in your thinking,} he sent. {Since we are not trying this...} holding up a metal hoop bracelet, {I will go about my business. Enjoy your pet time.}

Loc stood, as did he, and they crossed back to the door. Zerret bowed his head to the Illithid as it left. Closing the door, his attention returned to the collection of pets in the room. The Nixie girl waited at the side of the bath while the redhead seemed to be fighting with the clasp on Rincitni's body chain.

{Uncle,, why are you doing this?} he sent to Lunixri only.

The only thing he got in response was a feeling of "It will work". The feelings Rincitni conveyed were excitement, fear, wanting, and a sense of vertigo. He no longer had any question as to why Loc kept his mind mostly closed when not in his privet chambers. The other women were sharing almost the same emotions -- lust, sincerity, with an "I wanna show off to everyone" overtone. He took a seat behind the desk to watch over his pet and her playmates for the evening.

Rincitni was helped into the large tub by Nye. They embraced as Nye guided her into a kneeling position at one end of the tub. Vale leaned into the tub and kissed Rincitni. Vale scooped water from the tub and poured it over the two women as they caressed each other. Rincitni was drunk on the affection these women's hands bathed her body with. If lips met hers she kissed them in whatever manner they kissed her. She was incapable of thought. Nye's skin on hers felt like hot silk. She watched in total fascination as Nye turned and slid down the front of her body, not stopping at the surface of the water but submerged completely under. Nye smiled from beneath the water and wiggled her way between Rincitni's thighs. A tug at her hair brought her attention to Vale. The women had a half dozen soapy lathered cloths along the tub's rim. Water poured through her hair prompted her to lift her head up sharply. A full body quiver and throaty moan rolled from her body as Nye began tongue washing her labia. Vale giggled softly to herself and drizzled fragrant cleansing lotion into her wet hair. Rincitni was on the verge of fainting and cumming. The gentle pulling of her hair as Vale drew the cleansing oil down her hair's length coupled with the erotic bliss of Nyes' tongue worship of her labia.

Lunixri strained to see into the tub. Her nipples stood firmly erect. Her labia was dripping wet from watching her roommates wash Zerret's pet. Zerret watched with an appraising look. The same look one would have when weighing the value of a purchase.

A hard gush splashed Rincitni's inner walls. She went rigid and bolt upright. Her quick movements half dragged Vale into the tub. Her cervical muscles clenched reflexively expelling the water.

"What the hell was that?" Rincitni exclaimed.

Vale giggled as she righted herself. Lunixri laughed softly, but held her place kneeling on the towels. Rincitni looked into the water at an innocently surprised look on Nyes' face beneath her.

"She was cleansing your depths," Vale explained. "She blows water gently into you, it feels very strange at first, but how you feel after makes it a welcome feeling when you get used to it."

She shot a questioning glance to Zerret. He returned a warm look and feelings of "You are safe". Hesitantly, she lowered herself back into the water and allowed the cleaning to continue. Rincitni enjoyed the tender touch and caress of their hands but the erotic edge of it was dulled. Their efforts to make it more arousing did nothing for her. Once out of the tub they dried her and wrapped her hair before taking her over to the bed. The crèmes they applied were amazing. She had never felt this fresh and nubile after just a bath. Their hands working the crèmes on to her regained some of their edge.

Vale spent a long time combing out her hair. When she was done, it felt so silky that Rincitni couldn't believe it was really her hair. Nye just seemed to fritter about during this, but was very willing to enjoy Rincitnis' silken locks with her.

"Rinci, there is only one grooming item we haven't applied yet," Vale said to her.

"It helps you not to get to dry down there," Nye said as she pointed to her feminine blossom.

"It works, and since most of us run around wearing nothing it would be uncomfortable to let yourself chap those lips..." added Vale. "Applying this is very arousing. I can show you, if you would rather put it on yourself."

"I am alright," she said and moved closer to Vale. "Please put it on me." She looked over at Lunixiri. The silver haired woman was all but shaking. Zerret also held his place. His control during this was a sure sign he was not like other males. It excited her.

Nye slid behind her on the bed and gently urged Rincitni to recline against her. Vale tenderly reached for Rincitni and opened her legs. Nye had cradled her with her left arm and her right hand gently caressed her. Nye put her hand between Rincitni's legs and tenderly held her labia to one side and Vale applied a generous smear of salve then rolled her hand and held it to the other side. More salve was applied and her body temp started to climb. Vale worked the salve into her womanly folds with practiced skill. A moan slipped from her now wriggling body. Nye shifted slightly and began holding her still more than just allowing her to recline.

Rincitni rolled her hips and she grunted as the fire of lust reignited with a vengeance. Vale flicked her thumbs over her stiffened clitoris a half dozen times. Rinci bucked as her back arched and she groaned deeper. She wanted to cum. Tilting her head back, she filled her thoughts with the chair-Zerret. Arms slid under her legs as a hot wet tongue began lashing at her tender nethers. Nye backed farther onto the bed, trying to give Rincitni space to thrash if need be.

Zerret dropped the drawsting on to the floor. Lunixri had all but knocked Vale out of the way diving into Rincitni's pussy. Vale then wrestled a place next to her to join in the tongue worshipping of Rincitni.

Nye yelped as she was pulled and wrangled. Rincitni was as feral as a succubus. Part of her reveled in the living fantasy and the other begged for emotional fulfillment through giving and receiving pleasure.

Rincitni had her now. Rincitni's arms wrapped Nye's legs and brought the lithe nixian's nethers in range of her tongue. She snaked in for her first taste as a second set of lips caressed her and placed a succulent kiss on her enflamed passion flower. She licked and moaned into Nye's tasty petals. Rincitni even shifted herself to get a glimpse of Vale and Lunixri lapping and sucking her pulsating snatch. Beyond them, Zerret ever watchful sent her a "Wish I could". Soon fingers upped the level of passion. Two fingers pushed deeply into her. So, too, did she slide two into Nye. Sweat trickled down the legs of her mewing nixie captive. She bucked driving her fingers hard into Nyes' pulsing box. A shuddered twist of her hips and Nye slid herself down Rincitni. After a deep gravely moan, the nixie quivered then went rigid, squirting her hot nixie nectar into Rincitni's cleavage. It pushed her over that same edge. Her eyes rolled back as she drew up her legs and gushed a fountain of juices into the faces of Lunixri and Vale. Sweet oblivion claimed her pleasure ridden mind and body.

Lunixri and Vale looked afraid and stunned; their faces dripped with feminine juice.

"Our duties are completed. Permission to leave great glorious Keeper?" they half squeaked in unison.

Zerret mentally looked into Rin and Nye. Both were well. "Granted," he said.

Both women bolted from the room, their fear dripping from them just as evidently as Rincitni's girl juice.

Nye moaned and mewed. Rincitni lay quivering and breathing deeply.

{Zerret, what has Trinseccets' pets fleeing this room in unholy terror?} Loc asked mentally as he entered. {Well, from what I see it mustn't have been anything you did.}

"I don't understand what had them so afraid," he explained, "This one had a massively pleasurable fluid releasing chain of orgasms, which triggered Rincitni to have an explosive orgasm herself."

{I could not hear what they were thinking, so I have nothing to add,} Loc sent. Vague confusion hung in his words. {I must confess, that is twice today Lunixri has not been in control of herself.}

Zerret closed his thoughts from Loc's. He pushed his awareness deeper into the thoughts of the bliss-drunk women still quivering and panting on the bed. Rincitni had thoughts of satisfaction; Nye, on the other hand, was going through some kind of bonding litany.

"Loc, do Nixie pair bond for mating?" Zerret asked.

{I... Trinseccet would know. Mate bonding is not a familiar subject. I am here for mental and physical health concerns. Why do you ask?}

"This one is singing a mantra to her found mate," pointing at the still mewing Nye.

"Nephew, what has...." Trinseccet asked, "Nye has bloomed, with your pet, and the others ran screaming horny into my meeting."

{They are both sane and healthy, Lord.} Loc sent.

"I can smell that Loc. Zerret did you add to their play?" the dragon asked.

"No Uncle, I didn't even intrude privately as I have done with Rincitni in the past. This was a reward for her. I didn't want to take any of this from her, by sharing her senses or adding to her perceptions." He explained as he moved closer to the dragon's descending face. Loc followed his example leaving the pets a bit of space to enjoy their post orgasmic bliss.

{I hear her now, as well. I don't know how she will be when she regains herself. We will have to wait and see which instincts will be favored by her once she is ... awake,} Loc sent halfheartedly.

"If she wakes and feels mate bonded to Rincitni, I will not force her to stay in my harem. Zerret, are you willing to look after Nistine as you do Rincitni if that happens?" Trinseccet asked.

"I would. I am going to need you here as other things are explained, Uncle." He said. "LocNial, I would request that you be there as well, if you would please, Uncle Loc."

Trinseccet almost laughed at the wave of pride and affection that poured out of the otherwise stunned to silence Illithid. Zerret regained in this thoughts and emotions, not sure how he should interpret these new environmental changes. A sound from the bed drew his attention. Nye had moved herself to cuddle subserviently at Rincitni's side. Rincitni petted and stroked Nye gently though somewhat unknowingly.

{I will excuse myself now. The taste of the room is getting a bit overpowering,} Loc sent as he made his way to the door. {Message me when I am needed. Otherwise, I will talk with you tomorrow over a snack.}

"I will, Uncle Loc." Zerret said warmly. "Lord, if she is Rincitni's, does that mean she needs to replace what she has taken? That is Law in the fortress, is it not?"

"Will she..? I do not hold Nye in that fashion. She is her own." Trinseccet said. "But I will not turn down the offer of a replacement if it were made."

"And what would a suitable replacement be, Uncle?" he asked. "An exotic woman such as she has to hold a special place for you. Wouldn't one that takes her place also need to have this quality?"

"Your opinion seems a bit clinical, Zerret." he said leveling his eyes at his nephew.

"An exotic blossom to affectionately nurture into full bloom. One that will tame the sting from the one that bloomed and find fulfillment with another, and has left the bouquet of your direct tending," he said with a wave of his arm and majestic bow.

"And when did you find this skill of verbal elegance?"

"Rincitni. Her deepest thoughts are all sweetly held in her heart this way. I have gained great interest in literature from her," he said letting his gaze wander to the blissful pair on the bed.

"I approve. You are more amazing a person the more you grow. Your parent would, should, be beyond proud," the dragon said. "When they awaken, have them freshen, and come see me in the dining hall."

"I will, though from the look of them, it may not be until morning feast," Zerret remarked humorously.

Once the dragon had gone, he turned to look at the bed. He could feel that Rincitni was not as deeply into a blissful repose as Nye. In truth, she had listened to the bulk of the conversation in the room and held her silence. She sighed. Zerret had kept her eavesdropping a secret. She felt that she had to say something but how to ask or say what she needed when she could hardly understand it.

"I feel for you, Rincitni. You feel, in some ways, as I did when I was assessing you as a pet." he said. "And, yes, I understand this is a far more emotionally difficult situation. You have held my secret very well and in return I was going to give you secrets that I hold to show you how I have come to trust and care for you."

"You don't love me, though?" she asked.

"I think that I do. But my kind has never had emotions like this. So I won't tell you "I love you" and it be a lie. I want to learn what it means and if I in truth love you, when I speak those words to you, no part of you will have any doubt that they are not true."

"I want you to feel that about me, Rinci," Nye mewed softly at her ear.

Her body trembled. Even Nye felt it, and embraced her tightly. She felt Zerret back out of her thoughts. She felt wanted. Her mind clouded in a sexual haze. She still drew images of isolation.

"I am not alone anymore," she told herself. Nye's hot silken body laid with her. An ever watchful Keeper dared her to feel pleasure and a dragon's hungry presence waited to sex her into insanity. Oh, she was wanted and as alone as a grain of sand on the beach.

"You wanted me to want you, didn't you?" Nye asked softly.

"Yes," she admitted.

Nye kissed her neck, then her cheek, and finally softly on her quivering lips. Rincitni let herself be kissed and as Nye leaned to kiss her a second time, she returned it. Their lips met and her body melted into the caress of this silken skinned woman's every touch. As their kisses became more impassioned, their tongues embraced each other. Rincitni moaned into Nye's lips as she had an orgasm.

"Thank you, Nye," she said.

"Why are you thanking me, Rinci?"

"You are the first person to really 'kiss' me. One of loving rather than lusting."

Nye looked past her at Zerret. "How could you not kiss her?" she asked him.

"I don't want to hurt her. My lips have never touched any part of her though I have wanted to, many times now. My... well, for now, I will say I want to but cannot out of fear," Zerret said.

"You have wanted to?" Rincitni asked.

"Yes. It is a form of affection and a statement of belonging. One that I would genuinely bestow on you. I do not from fear of hurting you, not unwillingness."

"Nye, you are mine and I am yours?" she asked.

"For each other, yes," Nye replied. "We will for each other."

"Then, you need to know... I am his, and he is mine. You are mine, but... Can we show her?" she asked eyes wide in a hopeful plea.
