 Norrinshrin sat seething. Her thoughts had been less than controllable after her encounter with Zerret. Lord Trinseccet had soothed her drow need for retribution. She didn't want revenge. She wanted more. It disturbed her in ways she could not understand. No male had caused her body to react with such overriding need. Not even the erotic fear of being tongue fucked by the dragon.

And he was nothing to look at, featureless humanoid, and lacking all traits that would promote attention. The 'man' didn't have a penis!! Yet she had felt one in her. A thick hot veined organ filling her pleasure so completely. His eyes looked in to hers for that one moment. In them there seemed to be unthinkable erotic depths. Then it was all gone. She fell to the floor, trying to keep that feeling in her body. Trini had pleased her.

Zerret had apologized to her for his inappropriate actions, she wanted him to do it more, and it infuriated her. Others of the harem had gone to "his" chambers, Vale and Lunixri, they had returned and pleasured any that would allow them. Nye had returned many hours later only to gather some of her things and give kisses to her closest. Nye had become "his". Trinseccet didn't seem the least bit saddened at her departure.

What was this Zerret? Where did he come from? The Fortress of Trinseccet was a labyrinth of mysteries and secrets. One could lose their way here and never be seen again. By the same token, others would seem to appear from nothing right before your eyes. Even this didn't account for Zerret.

She could take no more. Putting her feet on the floor, she set her mind to confronting someone. She crossed the harem chamber, mind fixed on one thing: Finding the answer or death. Vale watched her from her private corner. After Norrinshrin had left, she too hurriedly got to her feet and followed. As Vale kept the noble Drow warrioress in sight, she realized where the Drow woman was going. Instead of trying to reason with the woman, she turned a corridor and set to face her own fear: LocNial.

Vale jumped back. The Illithid opened the door before she had a chance to knock. Its all white eyes were unnerving but ran chills down her spine being set in a face that looked like a purple squid, complete with tentacles.

{You fear Norrinshrin is out for violence?} Loc sent to her.

"Yes," she replied. "She...." Vale stopped as the Illithid put its hand up.

{You don't need to tell me. Your thoughts have been pouring out of you loudly since you entered my hallway. I know I unnerve you. Our races have been blood enemies for eons. Now, the matter at hand is Norrinshrin. She is acting out of sorts, and has stalked off to face Zerret. This is what you feel, given what you know,} Loc sent in an even tone, withholding the emotional context, to keep Vale's fear from clouding her thoughts.

She nodded. The heart of her fear was Nye and Rincitni. They could be hurt in any number of ways in an altercation. Nye was a lover, Rinci was young and worth protecting. She tried getting ahold of herself, only to have more fears creep to the surface.

{Return to the harem, Vale. I will not let harm come to anyone,} He sent.

She turned and walked quickly out of the Illithid's hall. Loc kept to himself a few of the red haired elf's thoughts, but found them humorous nonetheless. He closed the door and proceeded to the chamber of his "nephew" Zerret. One of the thoughts Vale had was that the fortress would not lose anything if Norri never returned. A real gem of truth from an open minded being.

He strolled through a half dozen corridors and as he turned to a side passage he came face to face with Norrinshrin. She sneered at him. Thoughts of killing him danced to the surface, dragging with them a single word question. Why?

{Trinseccet has need of me,} Loc answered her unspoken question. {And the pleasure of killing me would only gain you more pain and torment then you have ever imagined.}

"What do you want, Mindfayer?" she snapped at him.

{To warn you,} It sent, dripping with grotesque pleasure. {I am sure Zerret will answer you if you asked, but I don't think would understand the explanation. He might even go so far as giving you the pleasure your body senses only he can. Are you willing to give up your station, family, and possibly your mind to find out?}

"You threaten me, servant?" she snarled.

{No. you do,} he sent then turned and walked away.

She stood there. All the questions fell from her thoughts. Her rage at the vile Illithid extinguished. She trembled. She could have, she wanted those things it said and, until it reminded her of her place, would have without question.

"Norrinshrin, come to my chambers now." Tirnseccet's voice echoed clearly through the corridors.

She started moving from habit more than intent. She felt dizzy and tired. Not knowing what else to do, she answered the Lord's summons. Loc watched from the shadows of the corridor. She was still going to be a problem. He thought about things and how quickly he had changed his feelings about Zerret. Did he feel his "nephew" was just as Illithid as himself? Perhaps he did.

While Nye had been retrieving her things from Trin's harem chamber, Zerret asked Rincitni questions that had her thinking about what Nye would mean for them. She was younger than her by only 2 years. Trinseccet said that made her the Elven equivalent of 20. She, herself, was nearly 30. However, with a lifespan of 200 plus years, she was young, Nye would live for 7 to 8 hundred years.

Zerret had asked her, what she wanted from her service to him. She wasn't sure what that meant. Nye had a place to belong and lovers to enjoy. It is all she wanted after her service, permission to stay, the dragon had told them. Not having to toil over the needs of staying alive, she was unsure of what she wanted. Her service would gain her money over time. She was well looked after in all other respects. Also, for the first time in her life, she was shown affection and pleasured by those that wanted her.

Trinseccet told both her and Zerret that no one stays in the Fortress forever. One day, everyone moves on to another part of their life. But they were all young and had plenty of time to think about what they wanted. Trini also cautioned Zerret to not rush into things. She still had a hard time focusing on Zerret's actual age. 6 and a half weeks old? Nothing about that made sense. Instead, she didn't think about it at all. It brought her peace of mind. She was fine with that. Zerret told her she could do what she wanted to decorate the room, provided it was done while he was awake. Too many changes during his dormant state might lead to unforeseen problems. She agreed, not needing to think hard about it.

Nye returned with her trunk and two other bags. She bounced into the room, all smiles and kisses. Rincitni was first, Trini, and even one for Zerret. It didn't escape Zerret's notice that Rincitni's body language changed within two minutes of Nye's return to the room.

{Uncle, do females in your harem do that?} he sent to her.

{Do what, nephew?} she asked.

{Change how they walk and hold themselves in the presence of other women?}

{I hadn't noticed. I will watch for it from now on, though.} she replied.

Zerret watched as Rincitni moved to help Nye put her things in order. As she did, however, she would stay very close to Nye. She made physical contact with Nye as much as possible with a bump, rub, or just pressing herself against her. She seemed to be using her body to beg Nye to touch her. Nye didn't seem to mind or really notice.

"Alright, you two." Zerret said. "I am going to be going down to eat shortly. There is food here or you could have more brought. I have decided on what names I will be giving you. I will leave it up to you. Would you like them now, without the reasons, or after I have returned?"

"I would like mine now, Keeper," Nye chimed. "It will make this truly my new chamber and clan."

"I will take the name you give whenever you are ready to give it, Keeper," added Rincitni.

"Very well. Rincitni, from now on, you are 'Passion' and Nye, you are 'Sly'," Zerret said.

"I don't think I understand your reasons, Nephew," Trinseccet said.

A knock at the door put all other conversation on hold. Zerret crossed to the door and opened it to the waiting Loc. The Illithid entered and bowed to Trinseccet as well.

{Trinseccet, you may have an issue with one of your pets. Zerret, the drow woman Norrinshrin, you remember her? Well, she hasn't forgotten you,} Loc transmitted to them both along with what he had divined from his encounter with Vale.

"This seems a bit excessive or is it me, Uncles?" Zerret questioned.

"Drow women are intense. I will have to talk with her. Thank you for bringing this to my attention," she said and lifted her head from the room.

{It is Vale that you should be praising for her attention to detail,} Loc sent.

"Loc should I be worried? She wouldn't hurt them, would she?" Zerret said gesturing at his pets.

"Who are you talking about, Keeper?" Nye asked. Rincitni held her silence.

"Norrinshrin. She seems out of sorts with me, I have apologized for assaulting her, but it may be that I will have to atone further to appease her."

"What did you do to her?" Rincitni asked timidly.

"He punched the cunt's cunt." Nye giggled. "I think you were far too lenient with her, Keeper."

{I won't get too involved in this but, even for a drow she is elitist. No one should have something she can't get. I think she may be of royal class, but am forbidden to look. Fortress law,} Loc sent to everyone.

"And I somehow gained her attention for putting it to her?" Zerret asked.

"She is nosey, Keeper. And I have left the harem after one meeting. It must vex her that the dragon's tub toy pet would want to be a pet to some ill-kempt thing. Added to the fact that I found a bond with someone outside of the harem; your pet," she said as she gently slid herself into Rincitni's embrace.

"Wait. You punched a drow woman in her womanhood?" Rincitni asked.

"Yes, she made comment about my lack of male endowment," he said flatly. "So I proved her comment false by shoving this in her birthing hole." He said holding his arm for them to see, letting it remold into the thick veined phallus it had been. "The thing is, I was annoyed with Loc and when she made her stupid remark, I wanted to teach her a lesson."

{Trinseccet said you took it out on her without realizing it. That, given everything, inappropriate or not, you did hold yourself back. You are a very powerful creature. You could have killed her and not even missed a step,} Loc sent. {Trinseccet admired your self-control even if what you did was socially inappropriate.}

"Hearing about it made me curious enough to come back here to get with your pet! I was worried she was mistreated and with what you did to Norri, I had some really scared thoughts about what you were doing to her," Nye said snuggling against Rincitni. "I still think you should have shoved it up her ass."

"That's the reason? You bribed Vale into bringing you here thinking I was punch fucking my pet to death?" he asked. "Why would I sex her in the ass?"

{With that, I am leaving. I will see you over a meal later, perhaps,} Loc sent and darted for the door.

"It is an erotic thing, well, a control thing," Nye started. "It is an act of submission. And so much more, I brought my notes about non-mating sex acts. I wanted to talk to you about them, Passion. We are not going to have children, but I want you all the same."

"You feel that way about me? You called me 'Passion,'" Rincitni mused. Her heart fluttered and she was dizzy with euphoria. His name for her spoken by this sexy creature sent tingles all over her body.

Zerret could feel the discomfort radiating from Loc as he opened the door to the fleeing Illithid. He closed the door and turned to see Nye dumping one of the bags she brought onto the surface of the desk. Bound rolls and small folded packs of paper tumbled from the bag. She dropped the bag to the floor before reaching for a roll of papers with a pink ribbon binding it.

"I want you to read this, Passion, and maybe you will do it with me. There are some things I want to try with someone, but they have to be special and caring. You are that for me. I want to share all of my secrets and fantasies with you and our Keeper," she said, looking longingly into Rincitni's eyes. "The harem was fun, but I never felt as wanted by them as you made me feel. I want to show you how much you wanting me makes me want to give you more of me. Does that make sense?"

"Yes, it kind of does. I feel about Keeper that way. And about you. I can't really say because being here is the first time I have felt that what I feel matters. I want to be wanted for love, sex, a relationship of equality. The guild I served used me cause I didn't know any other way. They sent me here hoping it would get me killed," she said starting to quiver in heartache and anger.

"Why?" Nye asked.

"One of the things I was going to ask when you were ready to talk about it," Zerret added.

"I don't know. But it is the only thing that makes sense," Passion said.

"I need to go eat. I will be gone about an hour. If this conversation can wait till my return, I would like to be part of it," Zerret said. "If not, then at least answers to the question."

"I won't grill her, Keeper," Sly grinned.

"I will do whatever is asked of me, Keeper. Even answer questions, sir," Passion said.

After he left them, Sly started opening and laying out all of her "notes". Some of them were just drawings, while others were written out in some form of Elfish script. The one she wanted her to read was written in Common. It read like an instructional guide to giving women oral pleasure and using fingers to increase the enjoyment by how they should be put in the pussy and anus.

Passion balked at the thought a moment, taking the time to read through it a second time. Sly watched her read it, almost vibrating as she sat on the edge of the desk. It clicked for her, then. Pleasure in submission. It was an act of trust. Thinking about it, when Zerret used his many tentacles on her, would she enjoy more of him if she could? Yes. This was Sly asking for her to take more of her; to feel more from her. It was dirty, but it could be made less so in the bath.

"Sly, are all of these like this?" she asked motioning over the desk, then pointing at the one in her hand.

"Most of them," Sly replied.

"I can't read most of these."

"I wrote them in Nixie, so the other girls in the harem wouldn't try to do them to me," Nye said. "Watching him pleasure you though, I will admit scared me at first. No, it terrified me. The look in your eyes held me; there was nothing but pleasure and lust. I could see you wanted me to feel it with you. After that, I thought about all of these. The stuff I heard other girls talk about that excited me but I was too afraid to try. You trust him so much it scares you, doesn't it?"

"It's because he makes me feel so good and doesn't feel it himself. I want him to feel it," she said sorrowfully.

"He doesn't feel it? How does he not feel it?" Sly asked.

"I can show you," she replied, reaching for the half-Nixie's hand. She guided her to stand in front of the mirror. She pushed the mirror so it was showing the ceiling. "Point your finger," Passion instructed. "Now, count the knots in the ceiling rafters."

Sly looked confused but started counting. She got to three when her finger felt like it was being sucked. She looked at Passion. She wasn't sucking her finger. She was milking it with her now wet hand.

"No peeking, and keep counting," she said as she guided her arm behind her back. Passion grabbed fruits from the table and pushed them over her finger, then a crème filled pastry and, finally, into a roll of still warm sliced meat. Tossing the items into a bucket after finishing using each one, she pulled her back around to face her, bringing Sly's finger to her mouth and sucking it.

"Which one of those was in me?" she asked.

"The one before you turned me to look at you again," Sly said with confidence.

"No. None of them were," she said. "That is what sex is for him. Some is soft--moist and other hot-drippy-wet. He feels how it makes me feel and morphs into what makes me feel more pleasure. Even though he is changing his shape, it feels the same to him. But he feels that I feel pleasure, like Loc. I don't even know if he can orgasm. I am so dizzy from pleasure that I can't say that he does or doesn't. I think not if it all feels bland. I want to make him orgasm."

"You want him to feel pleasure in sex like we do," Sly said, fascinated.

"No. I want him to be turned on knowing it FEELS good making us orgasm. That his tentacles do feel what a man's penis would if it did those things inside me," she said softly. "That I could suck him and it felt like sex, not just another wet hole." She looked at the floor. "Every other man I have known treated me like a wet hole, that is all he feels and he has never made me feel like that."

Sly stood, thinking about what Passion explained. And yet Zerret voiced his feelings. He cared if Norrinshrin would hurt them. His emotions were very clear. He wanted them. To watch out for them and give them pleasure. She was here because he cared that much for Passion. Even Trinseccet had not shown that kind of devotion to any single pet.

"Do you feel like that about me? Attraction, I mean," Sly asked.

"No, I mean yes. I know you feel pleasure touching me. You feel my pleasure when I touch you. I love that and love you for it and because of it. He doesn't, so it is different. I think you would better understand how I feel once you trust him to give you unbounded sexual pleasures. I want to be able to do what he does for me to you. That, however, is not even possible; I would go insane if it were."

"You love me, and him. You want me to love him with you the way you do. And will sex me cross-eyed trying to make me feel as good as he make you feel," Sly said.

"She has been begging you to touch her since you came back in the room. I think she is very much attracted to you, Sly," said the dragon as her head dropped into the room.

Passion blushed almost bodily. She felt a little childish having not really thought about it. Then having it pointed out by the dragon and making her admit it left her embarrassed. Sly also blushed. She so wanted to be told, she hadn't seen it. Now, thinking about how many times Passion rubbed against her, stood close when it was not needed, and held their skin together whenever possible.

"Oh you little darlings, blushing with sexual tension. I won't stop you from expressing your needs and desires for each other," Trinseccet cooed. "I was only stopping in to check how you were settling in, Sly."

"Lord, what about Norrinshrin?" Sly asked trying to change the subject. Passion looked at Sly, then to the dragon.

"What about her? She is alright. Why would she not be?" asked the dragon.

Sly let the matter drop. Her knowledge of the dragon's habits told her they would not get any answers.

Zerret stepped into the dungeon with mixed feelings. He didn't know why Norri or any woman, for that matter, would seek him out to be raped. Passion had memories of rape. They were filled with fear and humiliation. Her memories focused on what felt good to block out everything else. Why would a woman seek out something like that?

{The answer would surprise you,} Loc sent from three cells down.

"Really Uncle, there is an answer?" he asked.

{Drow women have the power and authority. They are still women-female, bearers of offspring. It is a submissive role. Instincts can be overwritten. Only if there is nothing to trigger them,} Loc sent.
