 "Sprawl out on the bed, Zerret," Passion cooed to his right.

Sly quivered and purred on his left. They had awakened him. His mind could interpret sensation, and his body could feel as others yet still be so much more. It had been glorious yet had almost cost him the lives of his pets. He thought it through again, taking time to organize other memories as well.

They led him to the bed and climbed onto it. Their bodies smelled so wonderful, exotic feminine musk that eager women exude when they are highly aroused. They looked at him with questioning eyes, both stealing glances at his new sexual tentacle. Passion was the first to reach out and caress it. It FELT. The sensation was like nothing he had ever known.

"You felt that!" Passion squealed. "It felt good to you, pleasurable?"

"Yes, it felt very pleasurable," he said. His mind raced to find how it had done this.

"May I pleasure this more for you, Keeper?" Passion all but begged.

He was dazed by the touch and she wanted him to have more. He just nodded. Sly watched as Passion leaned forward and took Zerret between her lips. Gently sucking as much of the flaccid phallus in to her mouth as she could, she moaned over the mantle of manhood. Zerret's mind exploded in a torrent of untapped memories. Sex, training, brushes with death, killing that which would have killed. Lifetimes of information bloomed in his awareness.

"Zerret!" someone yelled as he felt something slam into his chest.

His eyes flew open to see a panic ridden Sly holding the remains of a chair. Looking down, Passion was turning blue. She was being choked to death by his swollen penis. He regained his control and quickly reduced the size of his male appendage. Sly grabbed Passion and pulled her to the center of the bed. Passion choked and gasped. Rolling to the side of the bed, she vomited. Zerret backed away from the both of them. He retracted the phallus to the point the bracelet fell to the floor.

Passion looked over at him. Her eyes were pained and saddened. Sly moved into a defensive position over Passion. Fear and confusion marked her face.

"I am sorry, Keeper," Passion wheezed before a choking fit took hold of her again.

"What the fuck are you apologizing for?!? He could have killed you!" Sly raged.

{I am sorry. I didn't know what was happening,} he sent.

{You couldn't feel me?} Passion thought.

{No. The bracelet blocked my telepathy. The pleasure of your mouth overwhelmed everything.} He sent his worry and love of her with those words.

{There is more of you now? I could feel it. It unlocked your collected knowledge, didn't it?} she asked.

"Well, what do you have to say for yourself?" Sly grumbled.

Both of them stopped. They realized that none of this had actually been spoken.

"We are fine, Sly. He is speaking in my head," Passion soothed.

{Passion you could feel what happened?} Zerret said in astonishment.

She nodded. Sly slid off the bed and retrieved the bracelet from the floor. She looked at it closely. An Elven warning was engraved into the inside of the band. It read, "To truth or be forsaken." Sly flipped the thing across the room and returned to Passion's side. Her color had returned and she was breathing much easier. Sly looked over at Zerret. His eyes were filled with fear and sadness.

"I shouldn't have done that," Zerret said.

"I begged you to let me. We both forgot what your Uncle warned us about," Passion said. "But your knowledge is awakened. I will be alright. Sly saved us both."

"True. If she hadn't screamed when she hit me, I may have slid into a dormant phase and not woken for who knows how long," Zerret said.

"I didn't. I just beat you with the chair until you opened your eyes," Sly said.

He looked at her questioningly. The room got blurry and the two of them slumped to the side. The knock at the door and worried presence of Loc standing on the other side began to explain much. He took a moment to finish shaking off the bracelet's effects.

{I almost killed Rincitni,} he sent to his Illithid Uncle, opening the door for him.

{I screamed at you,} Loc sent. {I am somewhat to blame in this as well. There are ways this can be fixed. It will be something between us. The dragon can never know. I can make them forget, but that will not work on you. Can you keep this from them and your Uncle?}

{If it will give them peace of mind, and take the fear out of them, I will carry the secret forever,} he sent.

{Clean up anything out of place. I will heal Rincitni and take all the memories they have from the time you came back into the room. We will put them in the bed and when you wake them, they will believe you have just returned to the room.}

Loc set about healing Passion and cleaning the memories of the past hour from their minds. Zerret felt through his new memories for the spells. It was somewhat scary that he thought that. He would think about it after Loc was gone. He gathered all of the parts to the broken chair and hid them. While Loc was truly distracted, he used his newly acquired magic to clean the floor and bedside.

They laid the women in the bed in each other's arms. Zerret found the bracelet that was the culprit behind it all. Once done, they exited the room and faced off.

{Take this back. It has a curse,} Zerret sent

{I didn't know. I was only trying to help,} Loc sent.

{I don't blame you. How long should I wait?} Zerret asked.

{Ten minutes. After they lay down for normal sleep, come to my chambers so we can talk,} Loc sent and hurried down the hall, not wanting any of Trinseccet's other guards finding him there.

Zerret waited. His thoughts combed through the 120 years of ingested knowledge. He was going to have to find a way to organize his memories. Skills, languages, even magic spells randomly hung in his memory. These would have to wait for now. He opened the door and stepped back into the room.

He crossed to the bed and checked the sleepy thoughts of the two women. Both of them were dreaming of sex. He saw erotic explorations of themselves or, in Sly's case, of Passion. They both seemed to be focused on feeling something in their ass while having sex. A naughty idea brought a smile to his features. He started caressing them. He had one firm tushy for each hand. Sly reacted to his touching by purring and moving towards the sensual sensations.

Grabbing a firm grip of their round bottoms, he shook them gently.

{You pets fall asleep waiting for me?} he asked hoping not to see any fear in them when they looked at him. "Wake up, you beautiful darlings," he added aloud.

"You're mean, Keeper. Why would you keep us waiting for you so long?" Sly asked as she stretched next to Passion.

"How long were we asleep, sir?" Passion asked. {It didn't work on me, Zerret,} she sent mentally.

"Only about an hour, I think. Do we want to show ourselves in the dining hall?" he said. {I had a feeling Loc would be unable to remove your memory. I am glad you remember and will find some way of making it up to you.}

"Are we going to get our own private table, Keeper?" Sly beamed as she sat upright and grabbed one of Passion's hands into hers.

"We should freshen before we go. Our appearance must reflect our devotion to our Keeper," Passion said. {Telepathy is apology enough. I know you love me, and it hurt you to think you hurt me even accidentally. I am your pet-lover-servant. After dinner, please pleasure me so you can feel it, too.}

"Before you freshen, I want you. Scoot over here and open your legs to me," he instructed.

"Sounds yummy, Keeper," Sly said.

Passion giggled, seeing the mischief in Zerret's eyes. They opened their legs and waited for whatever Zerret was going to do. He was glad Passion still trusted him and that Sly had forgotten all the reasons she feared him.

"Open our mouths," he said. "Now, each of you lick these so when I put them in you, they slide right in."

Sly grinned, seeing Zerret meld his hands into slender phallic tentacles. Passion winced inwardly. {You can control it this time, my master?} she whispered to him.

{Yes, most treasured,} he returned. She had a small quivering orgasm.

They both sensually put tongues on the offered appendage. He moaned a couple of times. Hearing this excited both of them to lick and gently suck with more genuine enthusiasm. To him, their erotic tongues translated into a dual cock sucking no mortal man could ever hope to experience. Both looked at him in pouty indignation when he removed the phalli from their mouths. This quickly changed to one of sexual hunger and lust as he pushed the tentacles into their sweltering depths.

"I think the two of you need to feel how much you mean to me," he said. "I will tell it to your most sensual pleasure in the language of the Mimic."

The tentacles pulsed, throbbed and vibrated inside them. Sly was instantly wiggling herself into a more comfortable position. Her every mew coupled with a tensing of her inner muscles. Passion moaned and laid herself back on the bed. Zerret's phallus felt so right, her snatch wept orgasm after orgasm.

{Oh, thank you, Keeper,} whispered into his thoughts from Passion. Her body, mind, and emotions all shared a state of sensual ecstasy. Her movements were relaxed and unhurried, submissive to whatever pleasures Zerret would pour into her willing body. The little orgasms blended into one rolling wave of deep emotional fulfillment.

{Sly-Nye is needing more, my Passion. Hold her to you when I roll her into your arms,} he sent as he drew himself from her dripping wet pussy.

Only two heartbeats later, Sly's hungry mouth meet hers. Sly kissed her wantonly, sucking her lips, and desperate to offer her tongue to Passion. Their oral dual slowed as Sly bodily quaked. Zerret pushed aggressively back into Sly with a thicker tentacle. Deeply he trust, and drew back tenderly in an even pace. Her kissing stopped when her moans took hold of her breathing.

"He feels good in you, doesn't he?" Passion whispered in Sly's ear, having pulled the sexed woman closer to her. "Thick pulsing power deep inside, caressing every wet petal in your sacred temple." Sly groaned. Small tears trickled from the corners of her eyes. Passion didn't know if it would work, but she sent the gathered memories of the research Sly showed her to Zerret.

{Suck her tongue. Hold her body firmly,} he returned.

Passion caressed and groped Sly, working herself into a good position. She grabbed her hair and pulled their mouths together, kissing and licking. Sly felt her moment and caught her tongue in her lips and sucked on it like a nursing child. Zerret sensed Sly's core soften. He slid a sleek, wet, phallus right into her ass. Her body melted in an explosion of orgasms. Passion felt the hot juices rain over her steaming pussy as they gushed out of her limp, quivering, lover's body.

After that, he had climbed into the bed to hold his pets in his arms. They were both very willing to settle their quivering bodies on either side of his. They pet and caressed him affectionately. He gently did so in return. None of them wanted words to intrude on their blissful repose.

He took this time to reflect on his new knowledge and expansion of perception. Three things sharply stood out in his mind as incongruent with the natural order. First was Rincitni; nothing gets into the fortress. His memories from the mage held a conversation with Trinseccet. The dragon had caught the intruders. During their interrogation, it was told to the mage they had been let in. The wards had been removed to let them think they were succeeding. If this were a true statement, Rincitni was allowed entrance as well.

Which brought up the second out of proportion occurrence; Drow attackers caught in the fortress proper. As with Rincitni and the mage, they would have been let in. What is here that requires this much determination in eliminating? Zerret was also never permitted to consume a Drow without Loc first having consumed its brain-mind-memory. These things weren't even the least bit out of place before. Now, all of these memories and knowledge revealed the lurking danger, an ominous shadow that clouded every aspect of his existence.

Then there was the matter of him. Who had paid to have him created? It was a painful realization. He now knew Mimzerret had not willingly sacrificed itself to have a humanoid offspring. The creature had been force bred to create him. The dragon knew. His uncle, Trinseccet, the two faced lesbian, and that being literal, knew. The words he found warming about how proud it would be, stripped to the empty lies they were. And LocNial. Did the Illithid know? Would he have the courage to ask those questions? More importantly, would the answers be something he would understand and accept?

{Zerret, you are thinking very loudly,} Passion sent. {Can I help?}

{I apologize. All of these memories, skills and knowledge have given rise to an uneasy question,} he sent. {The betrayal of your guild in sending you here is only part of a greater betrayal. My existence is somehow a key part in a looming shadow of coming evil. Though I now understand and know that I choose what I am used for or by whom I am used.}

{Go ask. I will stay with her,} she sent. {I will have us both ready for dinner.}

He climbed from between his pets. Passion moved to snuggle the still purring Sly. She looked up at him with a worried gaze. He returned her a smile and a gentle caress of her leg. Crossing the room quietly, he opened the door and slipped out soundlessly. Passion closed her eyes and tried, once more, to make sense of the flash jumble of memory she had felt pour from Zerret. She could feel them in her mind, just at the corner of her awareness.

She almost died, choked to death by his long, hard, penis. It had swelled so quickly in her mouth she wasn't able to remove it. It had been then that her mind blurred from the pleasure he was feeling, just for a few moments she was part of him. The flood of knowledge and emotions eclipsed all other sensation her body felt, including her eminent suffocation on the still expanding phallus in her throat. It could have gone on, but the lack of air took its toll. She began to lapse into unconsciousness. Hands grabbed her hips and pulled. Her body fell backwards as the thick phallus slid from her mouth.

All the memories lost substance, melting away like fog in the morning sun. There was a popping in her nasal passage and an acrid aftertaste of blood. She had felt the Illithid trying to slide into her thoughts. She didn't fight it. When he turned her thoughts to induce sleep, she faked it. She could see his thoughts and hear his emotions. The healing he performed relieved the discomfort. As he erased memories, they would simply resurface as his attention moved away from that level of her mind.

She peeked into Sly's mind. It was warm and fuzzy. Images of Sly getting taken by her from behind formed. The half-nixie was singing her name, over and over. She took a closer look; Sly had given her two penises in her dream. She backed out of her mind, leaving the women to her dream-fantasy. Wrapping her arms around Sly, she slipped into sleep and dreaming.

Zerret walked purposefully to the chambers of LocNial. He questioned himself. How far was he willing to go? If Loc was in on the secret, could he force the truth from the creature? The Illithid was his uncle. It was annoying in some ways, but never false to him. But had it lied to him?

Turning the corner into Loc's hallway, all thoughts of Loc's duplicity were silenced. The door into the Illithid's chambers stood wide open. One of uncle's "snack" creatures laid part way out of the room in a pool of its own blood. He hurried for the room, morphing his skin into a layer of armored scales and crystalline plates. His fingers went rigged as his talons formed.

{Loc where are you, Uncle?} Zerret asked into the room.

Images of the inside of the room and those within it opened to his mind. Four Drow attackers and a cloaked figure looking down on Loc accounted for the intruders. This was all he needed. Three steps into the room, two of the Drow assassins fell at the bite of his talons. Loc hissed laughter through the damaged tentacles on his face at the cloaked attacker. The figure plunged a tri-bladed dagger into Uncle's chest.

{Take care of her, Nephew,) Loc sent with the last of his strength. He felt his uncles' mind go dark.

Shifting from talons to blade on his right arm he beheaded a third attacker, and in the same fluid motion, impaled the last Drow. The cloaked figure turned to find Zerret standing toe to toe with them as the Drow's body slid from his arm-blade. The face in the cowl was not right. A black skinned Illithid looked him in the face from feminine elliptic silver-violet eyes.

"What the hell are you?" she spoke as her arm flashed the weapon into a defensive position.

Hearing her speak swayed his bloodlust. His talons melted from his left hand just before he seized the figure before him by the throat. She stabbed wildly at him with the dagger which only clinked off his scales harmlessly. The hand that encircled her throat decreased in size, cutting off her air supply. Even with physical contact, he couldn't see in this woman. Once fear entered her eyes, he opened his grip and allowed her to breath.

"Drop the weapon, meat," he snarled. "Who are you?"

"Dyneehlu. What are you?" she wheezed.

"Drop the dagger!" he said again, tightening his grip.

"I c- c- c-annnn't" she whimpered. She held her right arm out for him to see the tri-dagger "was" her hand. It was part of her arm, thou scars and stich marks made it clear this was done to her.

"Who sent you here? Give me a reason not to kill and eat you!"

"My Keeper. Please. I welcome death."

He felt her tears drip on his arm from her cheek.

{Zerret, stop. Look at the rest of her body.} Passion's thoughts rang in his mind with a wave of revulsion and horror.

Scars and burns covered her body. Even one of her breasts had been replaced with a gnarled plate of metal. A thick scar of stitched flesh marred what should have been her chalice of womanhood. Her legs carried fresh burns and heavy callouses from long worn shackles. It became clear that this female was not here by her own will. She had said, "Keeper". She began the shake violently in his grasp.

{What are you doing?} she asked.

"Zerret, stop!" Sly yelped.

Zerret dropped the thrashing women and backed away. The cloak remained upright as Dyneehlu bodily dropped to the floor under it. He could feel Passion and Sly taking defensive positions, guarding the path out. So he would be able to escape and nothing would be able to follow.

"Cloaker!" Sly screamed, being none too shy about sharing her fear of the thing.

It dove at him. A flaring display of black silky cloth with an empty leathered Illithidian visage lashed and attempted to entangle him. His talons sought purchase in the garment, but found none. It coiled and folded around every attack. IT had him, its needles trying to meld into his flesh and take control of him. It was trying to eat him.

His laugh was icy and razor sharp, "Two can play at this game," he hissed evilly.

A loud crack broke the nearly silent battle, as a dozen barbed black tendrils burst from his chest. They dove into the silken cloud, snagged and tangled as they made contact. He melted himself into the wine barrel. His tendrils wriggled from the top like a predatory potted plant. The creature sensed the danger too late. No longer having his body to hold on to, he dragged the Cloaker from the air into his gaping maul.
