 The dragon stalked the corridors of the Fortress. Her thoughts were painfully out of control. LocNial was dead. She didn't much like the Illithid and joked often of his death, even to the creature's face. Loc had taken the threats and still had told Zerret to take care of her. Had Loc really loved her after all? Lunixri had cried for hours. It was getting harder to keep her two parts in harmony.

The curse was taking a toll on her mind. Her dragon half was feeling less and Lunixri was becoming overly sensitive to even the smallest things. Had she underestimated the Mindflayer? She was feeling caged in the fortress. She wanted to be whole again. She turned down the corridor that would take her past Zerret's chamber. When would he awaken?

It was going on day 12 since he had swallowed a Cloaker. Nye and Rincitni had relayed the battle between Zerret and the creature. Rincitni even scared her when she conveyed it to her mentally. The mix blood woman was now telepathic. It was Zerret's doing. Rin... Passion also admitted to knowing about her. Too many people were learning her secrets.

{Uncle, your thoughts are way too loud.} Zerret's thick masculine thoughts intruded on her internal rant. {Loc did love you. He saw you as a sibling. He wants me to take care of you. I don't quite understand what he means by that. And I have questions, Uncle.} 

"Zerret?!?" She said. Turning her head to look into his chamber brought her face to face with her nephew. He was standing on the sill of her viewing port. He looked different.

(Where is the woman?} he asked. {I want her. If you have off-handedly done away with her, I...} He felt her wave of relief and stopped to think for a moment.

"You are awake, Passion has well... Passion has the woman hidden away from me. Her and Nye. They wouldn't even let me see her. Aside from Passions telepathic images," she said. "Your pets are extremely loyal."

"Yes, and sleeping. Can we move this conversation to the dining hall?" he asked.

"Of course," she replied. "I am glad you are awake. You have questions and I have a lot to tell you. I have a few questions of my own. Do you still trust me enough to listen? I am sorry about LocNial. Joking aside, I miss him."

Zerret stepped from the sill and dropped the twenty feet to the floor. He landed and started walking as if the feat had been nothing. Zerret heard the dragon and thought about it. He hadn't had the time to miss his Illithidian Uncle.

"How long have I been dormant?" he asked.

"Almost 12 full days, Nephew," she replied.

"It felt like minutes. What was done with his body?" he asked.

She recoiled. "Zerret, you're not wanting to...?"

"No..." he said. "No. I want to say goodbye, Uncle." 

   

----------------------------------- 

   

Dyneehlu sat in the dark cell, wondering why Zerret had kept her alive. The women that watched over her weren't guards. If she wanted to, she could even escape this place. But to go where? Even the one called Passion had asked her that. She had been asked if she enjoyed the pain that much. They would be coming to check on her soon, with food she hoped.

Her cell wasn't very large, 5x6 perhaps. It was warm enough. The women had brought her pillows, a rug, and even a few blankets. Passion told her repeatedly that she might want to enjoy the comforts they offered her. Zerret would be the one to decide her fate once he was ready. They had washed her. Both commented that if the dragon smelled her even Zerret couldn't have saved them. 

The food they brought for her was very good. She couldn't remember the last time food had tasted so good to her. Nothing about her captivity made much sense to her. She was happier as the prisoner of these women, and their Zerret, than she had been in forever. The sound of the door's latch drew her attention. The door opened and a tall silver haired woman in a white leather slave collar stepped into the cell.

"I finally find you, you murderous cunt!" the woman hissed as she stood poised to do battle with Dyneehlu.

Dyneehlu managed to half block the woman's first kick. She rolled to the side, gathering one of the smaller blankets around the daggers at the end of her right arm. The second kick toppled her backwards into the wall. The woman was on her, pummeling her. She put her left arm over her face but made no move to strike back.

"FIGHT ME you BITCH!!" Lunixri screamed. "You deserve a slow painful death. But I think beating you to death might make up for that." She grabbed the cowering girl by the hair and threw her against the other wall. The clank of metal on stone rang loudly off the cell walls. Lunixri jumped at her again. A weighty punch bounced her face off of the stone wall. She could taste her own blood and a burst of sparks floated in her vision.

"STOP!" a voice screamed. "Look at her, Lunixri."

"Zerret let her live for a reason. Want him to kill you instead?" said a second voice.

"Why should I waste time on some... Oh gods... What the...???" Lunixri mumbled.

"Get out Tri- Um- Lunixri!" Passion stuttered, grabbing her and pulling her out of the room. "Zerret saved-captured her. She is his till he says otherwise. Tell the dragon if you have to. I don't care. Now get out of here before you kill her and things get really bad for all of us!" 

Hands rolled Dyneehlu onto her back, and gently brushed the hair from her face. 

"It looks bad. Dyne, can you hear me?" Sly asked, worry dripping from every word.

"I sorry, but we don't have time for that," Passion said, moving Sly aside and pulling her to her feet. "We have to go, now! I will carry her. You roll up the rug with everything in it and bring it, too! Don't leave anything for the regular guards to find. Got it?"

"You have been hiding me?" Dyneehlu groaned.

"You wanna ask that question, you're gonna have to wait," Passion snapped.

The three mostly nude women crossed two intersections, made a right and then a left. Passion opened a heavy door into a palace chamber, in Dyneehlu's opinion. She was pulled to the table by Passion.

"Get that stuff in here and close the door, Sly. Don't forget to lock it," Passion said over her shoulder. "You lay back on the table. I will get cleaning cloths and bandages."

The door shut and the lock was thrown. Sly tossed the roll towards the corner and froze. The barrel was gone. ZERRET was GONE! Just the feeling spun Passion in her tracks. 

{Don't say anything aloud Sly. This woman doesn't need to know that.}

{Sly, calm yourself. I will be there shortly. Take care of the girl, my lovely treasures,} Zerret's voice warmly caressed their thoughts.

Dyneehlu watched, confused, as the women visibly perked up and set to fawning over her. They seemed disturbingly gentle, and were almost caressing her. She fell into unconsciousness feeling overwhelmed by their physical display of compassion.

   

 Zerret stopped in the center of the dining hall and faced Trinseccet as she entered. He scanned her thoughts but got little from the attempt. Her emotions were as equally unyielding to him. She was worried, and relieved by his appearance.

"I wish to talk face to face, Uncle," he said.

"As you wish, Nephew," she replied shifting into her elven guise. It unnerved her. Zerret didn't look away, or even shield his eyes. "Is this better?"

"For now," he said flatly. "I need answers and now you are the only one with them."

"That hasn't changed," she stated.

"Don't. Just don't. You may have had time to deal with his death. I haven't," he started. "How much did you tell him? Or are you that afraid that no one can know? Did you make me as some new toy or as a weapon like that elf-girl that killed Loc? What have you been hiding from everyone for so long that you are coming apart at the seams?"

"My curse," she said locking her eyes on the floor in front of his feet.

"You are cursed, Uncle? How?" he asked, losing the angry edge in his voice. 

"Yes, the dragon half is Trinseccet and the Elven half is Lunixri. LocNial knew everything. He shared the curse as I do. Everyone that has learned of the curse has fallen victim to its effects. Forcibly being split in two along some line of heuristic context," she said. "I am trapped in this fortress. It is my prison. For 263 years, I have been like this. Trying vainly to atone, negate, and unravel the curse. You are the latest attempt. One Loc suggested 100 years ago."

Her emotions seemed to highlight certain words. Lunixri-curse-Everyone victim-It-263-unravel-Loc.

"How is this an answer? I mean, how can I break this curse? IS that the reason the fortress is always under attack?" Zerret said, his thoughts all turned and jumbled.

"I will tell you everything. Just know that regardless of how it sounds, I now hope for your help. I do not expect it. And even if it wouldn't have understood, you are a child of Mimzerret. You carry part of it in you. I shall start at the.... Oh no... I found her...." She went from feeling untruthful to panicked in only a heartbeat.

"Wait... found who?" he asked.

"Dyneehlu. Your pets hid her. Only Trin – I was told. Lunixri wasn't."

"Why? How could you keep this from yourself?"

"Call your pets. I can't stop myself. You saved her for a reason and Passion faced me down to keep her for you. She so loves you ... I see why you named her that." The dragon's resentment of Lunixri was laid out to him.

Zerret stretched out his thoughts only to find Passion and Sly had matters well in hand. He was going to let things go for now till Sly noticed he was not in the room. He had to say something. {Sly, calm yourself. I will be there shortly. Take care of the girl, my lovely treasures,} he sent, then turned back to his Uncle.

"This sounds like it is going to take much time to explain. You have lied to your other half and are going to have to deal with that. I need some time to deal with what happened. I am not angry any longer. We will sit down and talk all of this out over breakfast."

"I will put out more comfortable chairs, because we are likely to be there until evening feast," she said.

The slamming open of the doors echoed into the vaulted ceilings of the hall. Lunixri stormed in red faced, fist clenched and looks to kill. That all drained away when she saw Zerret. Her jaw dropped and eyes went wide as a wave of confusion stole all ability to think. 

"I will leave you to work things out with yourself. We will talk soon, Uncles," he said, bowing to one of her faces then the other. He turned and walked through the doors into the keep's kitchens. The dragon seemed resigned to his decision, but felt hopeful that she had said enough.

   

_________________________________________

   

Norrinshrin heard the echo of metal meeting stone. It took far longer than it should have to reach the source. She was out of practice, she scolded herself. Yet another fault from remaining in the fortress. The smell of blood hung heavy in the guard locker. It lingered on the air. She followed it. There were other scents known to her on this trail, even some of her own.

The trail ended at the heavy doors of Zerret's chamber. A twinge in her thoughts almost caused her to flee. The handle of the door clattered and the door swung open. Rincitni, now called Passion, stood holding a hand towards her.

"Norrinshrin, please help us," Passion pleaded. "I can't get the bleeding to stop. You are a noble Drow warrior, keen in battle. Do you know how to dress the wounds of your comrades?"

"I can. Is it your keeper that has these wounds?"

"No, his prisoner," she said, stepping to the side to let Norrinshrin see the tormented Dyneehlu.

"You harbor the Killer of Loc. You would give aid to this vile creature," Norri spat.

"Yes, she would. In service to her Keeper," Zerret's commanding tones rang. "Norrinshrin, I humbly ask your assistance in the healing of this person. I will grant to you any request it is in my power to give. You may refuse and I will respect your decision. But I will ask that you hold your tongue for 4 hours as to her being here, after that you may tell ...."

"I will assist you, Keeper Zerret," she said as she crossed to the table. Looking over the woman, Norri understood Zerret's unwillingness to end her. This woman was made slave-prisoner in her own flesh, and had not likely had any choice in killing the illithid. "Where is the Creature that commanded over this poor woman's body?"

"I ate it!" Zerret said. "Is this a problem?"

"No... I suppose not."

Passion and Sly looked bewildered. Too many emotions played out at one time to focus on, even for themselves. Norri took charge and the three of them spent the next hour stitching and branding the cuts closed. Zerret swapped the irons in the stove and kept clean water pitchers filled. 

"I have done all I can for her. The rest is on her," Norri said.

"Thank you, Norrinshrin. Passion, Sly, please help her refresh. We don't want Uncle to think me an ill-mannered host, returning his dark maiden scented in blood," he said. "An animal I may be, but not one that disrespects its superiors. If you will permit them?" He added a bow.

"You will grant my request, then?" she asked as Passion and Sly stepped to her sides.

"I will grant your request in accordance to the law of the Fortress. You are owed a request, and I will provide it if your Keeper-Lord allows it. If not, I will give to you a token and fulfill the request once your service to your Lord is complete."

"You are an unusual Keeper, Zerret. Trinseccet looks differently at you then other keepers in the fortress. I think I am understanding why." Norrinshrin said and went with his pets to clean up. He wasn't so sure Trinseccet looked at him differently for the reasons Norri was thinking of. 

"You didn't fight back? Why?" he asked Dyneehlu, stepping closer to the dining table on which she rested. 

"It would have made things worse. I am only alive for you." 

"You need to rethink that just a bit. I let you live. Passion has kept you alive," he gently states. "If you have nothing to live for other than me, why did those women try so hard to heal you? I am not worth living for." 

"I don't understand. Those two that hid me, did so alone? You did not order them to hide me?"

"No, I didn't order them to do anything. They serve me, but they live for themselves. Rest , food is being brought shortly. We will talk about what is going to happen to you once you have had a chance to heal." That said, Zerret stepped away from the table to make a comment that their guest wasn't moaning in pleasure loudly enough. His pets better do something about this or miss out, themselves, later.

She laid there listening to them. Her thoughts kept being pulled back to one overwhelming truth. Passion had saved her from the dragon, starving even the bone monster that ripped the demon out of her mind. This woman had stood up for her no less than 3 times. No one had ever done that for her before. It was indescribable. Tears rolled down her cheeks. She didn't want to die without repaying this servant-pet, somehow. Darkness closed over her mind and she slept.

"You heard Keeper. She isn't moaning loudly enough," Sly giggled.

"Yes, he does love his music. Perhaps we should use that music you had me read," Passion said coyly.

"Oh, yeah. She'll love it and he will be pleased with us for giving her such moaning pleasure," Sly said.

Norri was a little worried, Nye had never been this forward in the harem. Passion washed her back and Nye washed her front. With little warning, they pressed their bodies to her and slithered themselves against her. She was unaccustomed to this much physical contact. Sly got out of the tub and Passion nudged her to move further to the end of the tub. She was pushed forward to lean against the low end of the tub. Sly draped a towel over the lip so she could drape her arms over the side more comfortably.

Passion straddled her back and started working water and cleaning oils into her long white hair. It felt so relaxing. Passion lowered her weight onto her upper back and grabbed large handfuls of her hair, dragging her head back. She was trapped. 

"You want our Keeper. Don't you, Norri?" Passion asked.

"What are you doing to me?" she retorted. 

"Answer her, Norri," Sly said, then slapped her wiggling wet ass and climbed into the tub behind her.

"You want him, don't you?" Passion asked, pulling her head back further.

"I... Yes... Yes, I want your Keeper," she cried.

"You want him to fuck you, hold you down and fuck your brains out. Don't you?"  

"Yes, I waannn...." she moaned as Sly pushed three fingers into her nearly gushing twat.

"He would do that. But not just that. You'd have to suck his manhood. Would you take his thick hot dick into your pouty Drow mouth and caress it with your tongue?" Passion purred into her ear.

Norri shook hard as she came, moaning throatily and deeply.

"Thing is, he wouldn't be done with you after that. He would take all of you," Passion cooed. Sly pushed one of her thumbs into Norri's tight ass. The Drow woman moaned, howled, and came again violently. She gushed over Sly's fingers multiple times, then went limp. 

"Sly.... Um, help! She passed out," Passion squeaked.

"She what?" Sly asked numbly.

"Alright, you two. Let go of her and finish getting cleaned up," Zerret said, grabbing the unconscious Drow. He gathered her into his arms and carried her into the bed. Laying her out on the bed, and then stepping back by the tub, he grabbed up a fresh dry towel. He dried her hair and dried the majority of water from her body. Looking into her thoughts, he saw that she was very fulfilled by what the others had done to her. 

Looking back at Passion and Sly, he found them watching him intently.

"You aren't thinking about keeping both of them are you?" Sly asked.

"You are so not thinking the right way, Sly. I hope he does. We might need the help," Passion giggled.

 

"You two are asking for it, aren't you?" he asked

 Two shy little "Who, us?" expressions peeked at him from the edge of the tub. He shifted hands to tentacles before he even got to the side of the tub. He groped and drilled five or six orgasms out of each of them before they slid into unconscious bliss. He dried each one and gently placed them in the bed with the mewing Drow.

"This is going to be a problem," he said to himself, looking from the pile of women in the bed to the single one on the dining table. "What would Loc think..."