 Women screamed as the doors of the harem slammed open. Vale rushed out of her chamber to find Zerret pulling Norri into the room by her arm. The look on his face chilled her to the core. He looked into her eyes. Her very soul cringed. 

{Get your things ready to go. You are leaving with me and Norri.} He sent , his thoughts were warm and tender. 

She turned back into her chamber and started gathering up her things. Looking over her things it occurred to her that of all the items in her chambers, only a handful of items mattered to her at all. Grabbing a sling bag, she placed them in it and was headed back out of the chamber in minutes. 

Zerret soothed the fears of the rest of her harem sisters. He had told them that he required her and Norri to assist in tending LocNial's recovery. He instructed them that when Trinseccet returned have the Lord come to his chambers. He told them he hadn't meant to open the door so loudly. 

Norri was visibly flustered. She crossed the room to her side helping place her things into a couple of sling bags. The Drow woman gave her hand a squeeze as she looked in her eyes. She held her gaze with the unspoken message not to speak or ask. Just follow Zerret. 

Norrinshrin pulled her bags over her shoulders and motioned that is was time for them to go. Zerret escorted them from the room and closed the doors behind them. 

"What is going on?" Vale asked. 

"I am keeping you safe. Unless you want to be an Illithid's sex toy," He said frankly. 

Lunixri turned the corner in front of them. She raised a hand in a questioning manner. 

"Don't even start with me, Lunixri. I am giving you fair warning. LocNial is awake and horny," He snapped at her. "Thank you for the trust and wisdom. Give my sympathies to Trinseccet." 

Vale gave Lunixri a "sorry" as the small group passed her by. LocNial? Horny??!!?? All three of the women around him were clouds of fear and fantasy. He walked purposefully through the corridors. Just when he thought he had a handle on his role in the world, the world would change leaving him with more questions. 

"You can't take them," Lunixri blurted. 

"Who said I am taking them?" He replied. "You were invited?" pointing at Norri, "You were invited?" pointing at Vale. "We are going together to see Passion and Sly. I am only an escort. Right?" 

Both of them just nodded their heads. He motioned them to keep moving. 

"I am sorry my chambers are not larger. Perhaps yours will be the first name on the invite list for the next girl's night sleep-over." 

"You're either lying to me or leaving out something that I should be told," she ranted. 

"How does it feel?" he asked turning a corner not really wanting the answer. 

----------------------------------------- 

Passion held her ground. Loc had captured Sly before she had a chance to realize the woman was in danger. Sly was slumped at the Illithid's feet. Though this Loc had the same feel as the other, it had an aura of carnage. She fought every instinct just to keep her legs from folding under her. This she-Loc had made no effort to communicate with her. It had taken control of Sly to let her in and then let the girl fall to the floor. 

{Get out of here Loc! If you harm any of us, he will eat you a piece at a time!} She screamed the thought at Loc. {If I don't kill you first.} 

The aura melted away. {You are powerful. Sly honey, stand up.} She broadcast. Sly rolled to the side looking up at Loc. 

"Loc? You have tits and a pussy?" she asked in childish honesty. 

{Yes I do. I would very much like to pleasure them with both of you, but I must ask your Keeper for permission first,} she purred into their thoughts. {But for now, I will check the wellbeing of my assassin if it is ok with Passion. You are the Alpha in the House of Zerret?} 

"What are you fucking playing at? Why did you do that?" Passion asked. 

{Testing you, I was going to tell Zerret everything the night my other half was killed by this one. I could have killed her easily. That however would have killed Vale, too,} she sent to only Passion. {Please continue this telepathically.} 

{So Vale is cursed? Who else in the fortress has been split in two?} Passion asked. 

{I told Zerret. He is gathering them here.} She went on not answering the questions. 

"Look over Dyneehlu. We have done what we can for her. You are not looking for revenge are you?" 

{No, Passion. Maybe some hot sex later, but not revenge,} Loc joked. 

"You mend her body enough for her to feel pleasure. I will indeed grant you unholy hot sex," Zerret said as he stepped into the room. 

{Don't tease with something like that,} Loc pleaded. 

"Norrinshrin, do I go back on my promises of pleasure for service?" he asked. 

"No, Keeper Zerret. When you promise pleasure, no one can deny you have fulfilled your end of the bargain," Norri replied, turning blue-magenta as she blushed almost bodily. 

Zerret grinned, feeling the wave of euphoria from Norri and spike of fascination from Loc. Passion was still on the leery side. 

{Zerret, do you know what she did?} Passion asked. 

{She did the same to me. A test of your strength. It is an Illithid thing. Loc did it to me before; he tested my control so I wouldn't hurt a pet. Something about social rank is involved as well. I will have her apologize and make it up to you if need be,} He sent warmly with compassion and understanding. 

{If I may, Keeper Zerret, what resources are available for restoring yon maid?} Loc sent, waving a three fingered hand over the still unconscious Dyneehlu. 

"Loc... How is her general health now? IF she is not in need of healing now, we will get what we need later. Passion, Sly, the two of you know where to find things for bedding. Norri, go with them and guard them. We need enough for at least two more beds," he said. "Vale, Sly said you're good at putting things away for later use, snacks -- rations. Set up at the desk and make a list of things we should get from the kitchen or pantry. Plan for 6 people to be in this space for no less than 5 days. To be safe, make it for a week." 

"What about everyone else?" Sly asked fearfully. 

"If things go really bad, there may not be anyone else," he said. "Loc... Wait. That is bothering me badly, I know you are the same person, but not. He was my Uncle. You are new to us. Would it bother you to be called Lox instead?" 

{I understand and agree. He and I were once one, but we are different, memories or not. Why Lox?} Loc posed. 

"'Cause since you have woken up, can you say you haven't wanted sex with everyone you've seen?" 

It broke all the building tension in the room. Everyone started laughing, even Lox. Zerret held back his darker thoughts concerning Lox and his personal feeding requirements. He would do well to keep the feel of an "all girls slumber party" going. Since seeing the statues in the vault, an ominous cold feeling had settled over him. His mind plowed thru the 120 years of his human memories. It started to give a picture that could only have one answer. Something was wrong with time itself. Coupled with the cryptic conversation with Trinseccet, something was looming that he would have to act on. 

The three women left to gather up bedding. Vale set herself to the task she was given. Looking at Lox, he watched as the little Kobold ran to her and danced happily at her feet. Trinseccet didn't know the truth, that much became clear. It was Lunixri, hiding behind her draconian half that held the key to everyone's suffering. None were aware of their prison though. It was a gilded cage of pleasure and fantasy. 

The coming attack held perils of its own. Those brothers in Dyneehlu's memory, were not brothers at all. They were cursed as in the same way as those inside the fortress. Lox had seen the same memory by now. Was she starting to see the same incongruities? It was time for him to decide who he could trust. With Passion as the only one he could truly be sure of, how far was safe for the other women in this room to know? 

{Lox, I have a question for you. One that you may have an answer to or not. How far back can you remember, honestly?} He sent to the Illithidian woman. 

{I can remember back to my first Inquisit. When one of my Nepran gave me language. I was 2 days from leaving the nesting pool. So 132, plus 260 as a stone, learning from Loc. Why?} she sent. 

{How old is Sly-Nye, Norri, Vale? If Dyneehlu is Vale's other half, why are they not the same age? How are women so young affected by a curse 263 years old? Loc suspected, didn't he? You know there is something wrong with time, or timing for everything inside the fortress? Trinseccet suspects or knows but doesn't understand. She is the cause. More to the point, Lunixri is the cause. AM I right?} he dumped at her. {Take a minute to think about it. You are outside told by Loc. I am outside. I went dormant for 30 hours, but six days passed. At first, I thought it was me. Memories of those I have ingested tell a different story as well.} 

All feeling and thought seemed to stop from Lox. He had to look twice to see if she was still breathing. A wave of dread rolled from the Illithid as she confirmed the truth in what he had told her. She could see the fissures in the fabric of life inside the fortress. What chilled him was her unasked thought, "How long had they really been in the fortress?" 

{We are going to have days to think on this. Let us just set them aside and work on keeping the girls safe. I can feel that this is no little hit and run attack like others have been. Someone out there really wants Rincitni killed, which puts an even bigger quarry of enigma on our situation,} he sent. 

{Who else have you told? Passion-Rincitni?} she asked. 

{No one. I didn't really see it till I got the wand out of the treasury and saw the statues. I want to trust someone. Loc seemed the best of my option. He was killed and now you are here. Something about the way he talked with me, a mistrust of me caused by Lunixri-Trinseccet. I think my developing telepathy has unbalanced the apple cart,} he sent with a shrug. 

{She made Loc not trust you so you were going to trust him?} she asked. 

{Yes. Trin I can feel. Lunixri I can if she wants me to. Is that a common trait?} 

"Zerret, when you say a week in this room, do you mean everything we need? Does that need to include a stockpile of water?" Vale asked. 

"I am sure he does, but I will bring you enough for 10 days if you are frugal with its use," Trinseccet said as she snaked her head into the room. "I love the ploy you used on Lunixri. I hope you find answers for all of us. When would you like the water tons brought? Three should hold you for 10 days. Welcome back to the land of the living, LocNial." 

{See what I mean?} Zerret sent. 

{Yes. Thank you, Trinseccet. So you understand what he is up to?} Lox asked. 

"Saving us all would be my hope. But if it happens to be only those in this room, that is fine as well," the dragon said solemnly. 

{You are fine with your death? Lunixri isn't and Zerret won't trust her.} Lox saw the meaning Zerret had expressed about the dragon and her other half. Trin was not an issue. Lunixri was at the center of it. 

"In two hours, Uncle. Bring the water tons in two hours," Zerret said. "If you would, Uncle, could you also bring us a barber's kit and large jars of salve. Both burn and healing." 

"I can have them left out on a pantry shelf," she said. 

"Thank you, Uncle," he said and looked over the Vale's shoulder at the list she was making. This was going to be quite a shopping trip. Looking up, she had already left. 

------------------------------------------------------------- 

Soft moans came from Norrinshrin's chambers which should have been empty. Trinseccet looked over the wall into the room. Lunixri had her face buried in the sheets and was pounding three fingers into her snatch viciously. Looking back at the rest of her pets, all shared the same worried look. The curtain to Vale's chamber was ripped from its rod. The room was in a shambles. Most of the furniture was overturned if not outright broken. 

"Who?" he whispered, not needing an answer. 

All went to their knees bowed their heads and pointed at Norrinshrin's chamber. The dragon tapped a claw to get them to raise their heads and look at her. As they did, she reached over and opened a bar stairwell. Gesturing for them all to exit, she poised herself to bathe Norri's chamber in a rain of fire breath. 

"Go down to the springs. I will come down for all of you shortly," she said. 

After the last of her pets had scurried past, she closed the gate behind them. Stepping lightly back to the side of Norri's chamber, the moans were now mixed with hisses and an irregular wet slapping sound. Peering over the wall, Lunixri was stretching her labia open and spanking her flowing blossom. 

Zerret had figured it out faster than she had ever imagined possible. With LocNial's primitive side this curse may not only be broken, it might even be reversed. Nothing would bring peace to her like seeing everyone returned to their true forms. For now, saving those caught in the trap would have to do. 

--------------------------------------------------------------- 

As promised, Trinseccet brought three tons of water to his chamber. The stocking of the room was complete and between Lox and Zerret, beds had been fashioned for everyone. Only one thing remained. Eating. Zerret looked at Lox with a "You feeling it, too?" expression. A twitch of tentacles and nod of her head was all the confirmation needed. 

"Ladies, Lox and I have to feed. I don't think this should take more than an hour. IF we are not back in two hours, don't let anything in this room. And I do mean anything, her and I included," he said. 

"You think it is going to start that soon?" Norrinshrin asked. 

"That will all depend on how Trinseccet handles herself while dealing with Lunixri," he answered. 

Sly and Vale in concert asked, "Trinseccet is female?!?" 

{Really? Trinseccet is female?} Lox joined in the cascade of disbelief. 

"Passion, if you would be so kind as to bring the rest of our guests up to date. I will talk with Lox while we eat. Though I need to eat very soon, so Lox," he said, jabbing a thumb in the direction of the door. 

{You better come back. We still don't know why they want me dead. Besides that, I want you!} Passion sent, even her thoughts were dripping with lustful need. 

{We must eat,} Lox agreed. A wave of panic and hunger hit him as the fear in Lox words showed through. 

{I won't be long. I will have you for dessert and again for breakfast,} he sent to Passion. He then stepped from the room and followed Lox to the dungeons. 

------------------------------------------------------------- 

"Lord, you are troubled. How can we ease your burden?" Klysdia asked Trinseccet. 

Looking down at the cream skinned maiden, she just wanted to hold and caress all of them. Zerret had taken up the position of champion. His strength and presence had stirred her. She was horny. She couldn't remember when she last felt this needful. 

"No one is looking, Lord. Use your magic to look like Lunixri. We won't tell anyone," Ruvia said. 

"We will recite The Tree and Garden the Drow way..." Fretni added. 

"All of you know? How long have you known?" The dragon inquired. 

"It is implied rather obviously in the pet's contract. And I don't know about the rest of your girls, but I can tell when it's you or her," Fretni said. 

"Oh yes, Lord is much more sharing and sensual. I dream fantasies after an evening with you, Lord. Sex with her is sex. It feels good, but all you get from it is not horny and exhaustion," Klysdia said. Five of her other girls nodded in agreement with coy smiles, and invited her with their wet exotic bodies. 

"Lord, most of us figure it out after the first time with you. Clearly the staff and other keepers are not to be told so your harem keeps it to ourselves," Ruvia said. 

"And as much as we would like to crush Lunixri's ego, we haven't told her we know 'cause none of us want you to stop pretending to be her," Said the lithe River Elf Ivris. "We love our Lord. Her pleasures are worth putting up with a self-absorbed look-a-like." 

All of their words of affection and devotion were too much. She transformed right in front of them. Not a single woman flinched. Two of them even quivered in anticipation. She stepped into the pool greeted with a persuasion of warm caressing embraces and hungry passionate kisses. 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

{You are testing a theory?} Lox asked. 

{Yes. Rincitni is hunted by someone outside the fortress that is victim of the curse,} he sent. {I know her mind and memory. It is not something she did or knows, so it has to be what she is.} 

Both thought about that privately for a while as Zerret kept watch for Lox. In this primitive form, it was a more gruesome task to eat. Zerret had offered to assist. Lox had refused. He got the feeling that she needed to know that she would be able to feed herself. He would not always be there to help. 

{If Rincitni isn't part of this, why drag her into it at all?} Lox asked. 

{To tempt Trinseccet into making a mistake. How often has Lunixri shown an interest in a woman she has only heard rumors about, but not seen? And how is it she found my chamber to try seducing her?} 

{Loc was the only one told where to find you after Trinseccet brought you in. You never left the room. Loc led your meals to the room and they never told a soul after that,} Lox seemed to mumble. 

{You can't think with your mouth full or something?} he asked as he lightly scanned his thoughts into the cell. Instantly, he wished he hadn't. She was orally servicing one prisoner as a second pounded away at her pussy. The middle digit of one hand pistoned in and out of the anus of the male she sucked. Backing his thoughts away, he stopped. He reached his thoughts into the male pounding her from behind. 

He pushed Lox' control of him away and took over himself. Lox wasn't in a position to fight. The male pulled himself completely from her wet magenta cunny. He got on all fours and shoved his face into her wiggling lavender backside. His tongue delved deeply into her juicy gash. The Illithid convulsed as a gush of fresh liquid flowed out of her. 

The male she was sucking off twitched then jerked violently, and fell against the wall. She reared back with a loud open tentacle moan-hiss. The male reached up and pushed her back down on all fours. He gained a little space to maneuver. His lips locked over her love nub and suckled it aggressively. Lox went rigged in climax. Zerret blanked for a second. Getting his hold over the male's mind again, the male pressed her into an almost flat face down position. 

Gathering her legs closer together, he pressed his sizable cock into her spasming pleasure cavern. He found a slow driving pace that had her depths clenching a gush of nectar around the throbbing organ. He probed over and over until Lox could take no more. She twisted out from under the male and pushed him onto his back and mounted him. She rode him forcefully, setting her breasts jostling wildly in his face. The male's body twitched as the onset of orgasm took hold. At the first gush of seed into her depths, she clamped her maul over the male's face. Bliss shot through his mind, leaving him dizzy in euphoric vertigo. 
