 It is 2025, after a gradual process, the whole world has been united under a One World Government that has turned earth into a dictatorship. Unfortunately there are several dissident or "rebel" groups, necessitating a large Law Enforcement Agency - the OWGLEA or One World Government Law Enforcement Agency – whose main task is the finding and eliminating the elusive rebels.

07:55

Officer Tony Johnson flopped down in the plastic chair towards the back of the briefing room. Slowly the vacant chairs around him filled with other officers. The room was abuzz with the sound of light-hearted banter and the occasional bang or clatter of equipment belts against the furniture. There was also a strong smell of freshly bathed bodies and even fresher coffee and donuts.

Sergeant Davis walked up to the podium and shouted: "Settle down, people. Let's get this show on the road." 

The few officers still clustered around the refreshments slowly took their seats.

"Right. The Governor wants more checkpoints set up and he wants us to check everyone. That means no spot checks, people, but EVERYONE!" The sergeant paused to let the groans and catcalls subside before he continued. "There are still too many attacks, which means that there are still too many rebels out there..."

Tony Johnson slid down in his chair. Shit, just his luck – another shift manning a damn checkpoint. It has been the same for close on a year now, ever since the rebel group started attacking government installations worldwide. Actually it all started a lot earlier, when the One World Government came to power and started dictating to everyone. There was bound to be people who would oppose it. The restrictive policies of the government only increased the amount of disgruntled citizens who joined the rebels. Damn, he should have joined the rebels too, but he thought that the chicks would like the macho look of the black OWGLEA uniform, and if there was one thing that was more important to Officer Johnson than doing his job, it was picking up chicks. In fact he'd rather be shacked up with some big titted blonde than to be wasting his time at some checkpoint. 

"...known as Lisa the Mind Warper. She reportedly has the ability to control your thoughts if she is close to you. She could warp your perception of reality so much that you would actually remember the experience as fact..."

Tony Johnson even missed this bit of important information as he fantasized about the big titted blonde. In his mind's eye he saw himself mounting her doggy-style and aggressively fucking his hard dick into her open, wet pussy. As if it had a mind of its own, his hand stroked the bulge that was forming inside his tight black leather pants. Fuck, he'd have to go and jerk off before going out on duty or he'd end up with a serious case of blue balls.

Eventually the briefing ended and the officers reluctantly started filing out of the room. Tony's partner, Rick, grabbed his elbow, "let's go, Pussy Hound."

"C'mon, what's the rush? I gotta go to the can first. Meet you outside, okay?" Rick was such a stick-in-the-mud. The guy had to learn to enjoy life.

"All right, but hurry up." Tony turned away and sauntered down the passage. "And Tony?" 

"Yeah," Tony answered, looking over his shoulder as he walked away. What now?

"Quickly, huh? No time for jerking off in there."

Hell, he'd have to get another partner. Rick knew him too well. Fuck him; he was going to jerk off. "Yeah, yeah."

09:45

"This is a bullshit detail," Tony complained and hitched his heavy equipment belt higher. "What's the point? I'm so fucking tired of asking: 'ID please; where you from? Where are you going?' "

"Concentrate, okay. The rebels are everywhere and they can strike at any time – or don't you watch the news?"

"Watch the news while I have this monthly subscription thing for fuck flicks? What are you, nuts? This whole rebel issue is overrated, man. The government must just allow more freedom and they'll have nothing to fight for."

"That's easier said than done. You sound like you actually sympathize with them. They are outlaws, man."

"Yeah, I guess you're right." Tony did not want to argue with Rick. The prick might actually go and report him to the Sergeant for his anti- government sentiments and he had heard to many horror stories about internal affairs Agents. "It's still a bullshit detail though."

"It's our job, Tony. It's what we get paid for." 

Just his luck to be saddled with a fucking Boy Scout as a partner. He wished he had a female partner. At least he could have kept busy trying to convince her to allow him into her pants. 

13:50

"That hamburger's given me indigestion," Tony complained and burped into his fist. 

"Damn, Tony, do you ever stop complaining?" Rick scowled.

"Yeah, when I'm fucking." Tony laughed raucously at his own joke and once again hitched his equipment belt higher around his waist. 

Rick just stepped away from him, shaking his head in wonder. 

"Hey check these two out," Tony indicated with his chin in the direction of two approaching women. The left-hand one had shoulder-length Auburn hair and her shapely ass was clad in a tight-fitting pair of latex pants. Her form-fitting T-shirt also emphasized her ample bust. The right-hand one was even more stunning. She had on a long black leather coat and had lush strawberry-blonde hair that came down to her waist. Her hourglass figure was accentuated by the tightly-cinched belt on the coat. "Good afternoon ladies, may we see some ID please?" Actually he'd love to see more than their ID's.

"Sure," the blonde answered, smiling.

13:55

"Yeah, haul out that big cock," the blonde growled as she sank to her knees in front of Tony. She had uncinced the coat and he noticed that she was naked underneath, except for a pair of fishnet stockings and six-inch stilettos. He looked down onto her big tits as she fished his raging hard-on from the tight confines of his pants. He still wasn't sure how they had ended up in the alley so quickly, but these two were hot to trot.

"Mmm, yes bitch, take it into your mouth. I want to fuck your mouth with my big cock." Tony noticed that his hard-on seemed even bigger than normal, but he wasn't complaining.

"That's exactly what I'm going to do, stud. Fuck my mouth with your lovely cock." 

Tony grinned as she engulfed his length in her hot, red mouth and he looked across at Rick, who had the brunette kneeling in similar fashion in front of him. "Are these bitches hot or what?"

"Oh, yeah, "Rick groaned as he grabbed the brunette's head and shoved his hips towards her sucking mouth. He'd certainly come around quickly enough once he had his dick in the little sluts mouth.

Tony also grabbed the blonde by the hair and started fucking her face. He could feel his long shaft slide down her throat and he dearly wanted her to swallow his cum, but he also wanted to fuck her first.

As if reading his mind, she let go of his dick and climbed to her feet. "Want to fuck me, big boy?" Tony nodded dumbly. "Well, come on then, take me from behind while I lean against the wall," she commanded and shrugged out of the coat before leaning forward against the rough brick wall. 

She spread her ass cheeks with both hands and Tony could see her pink asshole and her dripping, fat cunt. He walked over and undid his belt. His pants slid down around his ankles. He took his stiff cock in his fist and aimed it at her slit. "Will you look at this hot slut," he said to Rick who just grinned back at him. The brunette was still blowing him. "Why don't you fuck her too?" he asked.

"Good idea," Rick grunted and pushed the girls head away from his wet cock. "C'mon slut, you heard my partner. Get those pants off so I can see your pussy."

The girl obeyed without comment. She slid the tight latex down her firm thighs. She was not wearing any panties.

"Bring her over here beside us and fuck her against the wall too," Tony instructed. He felt very much in command now. This was his kind of duty; his cock up some slut's wet cunt while watching his partner fuck another hot bitch. 

The brunette joined her friend, bent over against the wall, and Rick positioned himself behind her ass. "Will you look at the hot ass on this whore? I think I'm going to fuck her asshole, man," Rick said to Tony who was already thrusting into the blonde's wet pussy. Then he added, "would you like that, you slut?"

"Please, oh yes, fuck my little asshole with your big thick dick," she moaned and wagged her ass at him. "I want to feel you ream my ass. Do it, please."

Tony rode the blonde with more force and he could feel his balls slap wetly against her pussy. He looked down, seeing his wet length repeatedly ram into her juicy cunt. She moaned with every thrust. He leaned across her back and tweaked her rock-hard nipples. "Oh yes, honey, pinch my tits. Oh, your cock feels so good in my wet pussy. Yeah, keep fucking me like that..."

Tony looked across at Rick and saw him bend down, his face inches from the brunette's ass. He extended his tongue and started rimming her pink, puckered ring and then he spat on her ass. Next he placed his hand on her cunt and sank his fingers deep between the wet folds. Once satisfied that his fingers were slick enough, he pressed two fingers against her sphincter and inserted them into her willing back door. She groaned and encouraged him, "Oh yes, lube up my ass for your thick cock. I want your hard dick up me." 

Rick took his prick in his fist and pressed it against the brunette's tight asshole. He pushed forward and the thick bulbous head penetrated her tight ring. She whimpered and held her ass cheeks wide for him. Rick grabbed her hips and forced himself into het tight passage. "Ahhh, oh fuck, you are so deep in my hot ass. Yes darling, fuck my ass. I want you to cum in my ass."

The blonde looked over her shoulder at Tony and said, "I want you to fuck me in the ass like your friend is doing to Tina, please. I want to feel your big cock in my ass."

Tony gave a few more quick trusts and then let his cock slide wetly from her open pussy. The head and the shaft was covered in a thick slick coating of pussy juice and he could smell the sweet smell of her excitement. "Okay, but I want the two of you to lean against each other. Play with each other's tits while we fuck you in the ass." The two women instantly obeyed. Now Tony and Rick were facing each other over the women's backs. They grinned at each other and then Tony looked down. "C'mon. Open your ass for me."

The blonde spread her ass cheeks and he could see the creased ring of her anus. He bent down and rimmed her for a while and slid his hand into her dripping cunt. "Oh yes. Use my pussy juice on my asshole, "she directed and Tony inserted two pussy-juice covered digits to her tight ass. He finger-fucking her asshole for a while and withdrew them. He positioned himself behind her and held his stiff cock in his fist. He aimed it at her slick ass and pushed forward. "Ahhh, that feels so good. Push it all the way in, stud," she moaned. She'd definitely been fucked in the ass before, he thought as he shoved all the way into her, hearing his balls smack wetly against her open pussy below. He reached around her and felt for her clit. "That's it, play with my clit. Make me cum with your cock in my hot asshole." 

Across from him Rick was fucking the brunette hard; his head thrown back and his eyes closed as his pelvis slapped against her round ass. The two women were kissing each other while playing with each other's tits. 

"Oh God, I'm going to cum with you fucking my ass," the blonde shouted and thrust her butt at him. Tony fucked harder with a steady rhythm. "Yeah, yeah... YES... YEES... FUCK MY ASS, I'M CUMMING!" Tony could feel her tight rectum milk his rigid cock as she spasmed in orgasm.

Then the brunette started whimpering, "Oh yes, I'm close too... keep it up. Make me cum too." Rick grabbed her by the hips and rammed deep into her. "Ahhh... Oh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming with your hot cock up my ass!"

For a while both Rick and Tony kept up a slow, less urgent rhythm, just enjoying the post-orgasmic ride.

Eventually the Blonde lifted her head and said to Tony, "I want you and your friend to fuck me together, please. I need to feel more than one cock in me, please. Fill me with cock." The men grinned at each other and both stepped back, releasing their cocks from the tight confines of the girls' well-fucked asses.

"Come lie here on my coat," she directed and pointed at Tony. He hobbled over with his trousers still around his ankles and lay down on the discarded coat. He milked his slick cock with his fist. The blonde straddled him, looking towards his feet. He looked up at her ass and wet smooth pussy. Then she squatted over his cock before taking it in her hand. She expertly guided the tip to her bruised asshole and sat down. This time his thick length slid effortlessly up her greased anal passage, until she was sitting on top of him. Then she leaned back onto his chest. "Okay, now you come and kneel here between our legs. I want you to fuck my pussy while your partner here fucks my ass."

Rick also scuttled closer and kneeled between the blonde's legs. Her wet, open cunt was slick with her excitement and thick strings of fluid ran from her lips onto her thighs. She held the lips open with her fingers and he could see her big clit bulge from its protective hood. 

"C'mon, shove it in," she ordered impatiently. Rick took his cock in his hand and guided it between her spread legs. "Oh, yeah, that's it. Push it all the way into my wet pussy. Tina, come over here, honey."

The brunette also came closer and stood over the tableau. From his position under the blonde, Tony could see that her pussy was big with thick, wet prominent lips. Her thighs were also coated with her excitement. He would love to have some of that too, he thought before he became distracted by the feeling of Ricks cock through the thin membrane between the blonde's ass and pussy. He could feel every thrust of Ricks cock against his own and he also began thrusting in counter rhythm.

"Ohh, yes, YES. Fuck me with your thick cocks, Fill me with your meat," the blonde groaned. "Tina, come stand over my face, I want to lick your pussy, while these two studs fuck my ass and my pussy."

Tina stood spread-eagled over the Blonde's upturned face, facing Rick who was thrusting away at the blonde's open cunt. He looked up and into Tina's crotch, before his gaze traveled up; past her big breasts. His eyes locked with hers. 

"Lick my pussy with Lisa, stud. I want to feel both your tongues in my pussy while you fuck her hot cunt." Rick leaned forward and stuck out his tongue. She tasted sweet and as the point of his tongue found her clit, she grabbed him by the head, mashing his face into her crotch. "Yeah, eat that pussy. Lick my clit."

Tony kept pumping into Lisa's tight ass, while he fondled her round tits. Past her head, he could just see her tongue rimming her friend's asshole. The sight made him pump harder. The blonde moaned into Tina's wrinkled anus.

Suddenly Lisa shouted, "Oh fuck... oh... I'm cumming again. FUCK ME HARDER!" Both men obeyed and rammed their cocks into her, completely filling her with cockflesh.

Soon after, Tina also jerked and clenched her ass as she too came from Rick's tongue on her clit. "Yeah... yeah... eat that pussy... drink my cum. Ahhh!"

Lisa slumped back onto Tony's chest and said," I want both of you to cum on our faces. We want to taste your hot cum, please." Tina stepped aside on wobbly legs and Rick withdrew from Lisa's slippery cunt. As he looked down he could still see Tony's thick cock embedded in her ass. Then Lisa slowly got up, Tony's prick sliding from her open asshole. Finally Tony also came to his feet. 

Both law officers stood above the two kneeling sluts. The blonde had Rick's dick in her fist, while the brunette had Tony's cock in het mouth, sucking hard. "Will you look at the dirty slut? She's sucking my cock that's been in her friend's asshole! Do you like that, you dirty whore? Do you like the taste of your friend's ass on my prick?" Tina merely nodded and kept sucking. Tony pulled her head away by the hair, looked down at her and said: "C'mon you dirty whore, say it."

"Yes, I love the taste of Lisa's asshole on your cock. I want to suck you dirty cock and I want to feel your hot jizz all over my face," she answered and immediately took him back into her mouth. 

Lisa was also now sucking Rick's cock. "This slut certainly likes to taste her own pussy on my cock. Look at the bitch suck that cock, man."

Both women kept sucking at the two policemen. Tina was actually jerking her fist up and down Tony's shaft as she licked the glistening red helmet of his cock. Lisa was deep-throating Rick's cock and he had his hands entangled in her tousled hair.

"Fuck, I'm going to blow my load all over this whore's face, man," Rick groaned and took his wet cock from Lisa's mouth and started masturbating furiously.

Lisa looked up expectantly. "Yes, cum on my, baby. I want to taste your hot load," she whispered and held her mouth open like a hungry bird; ready for his seed. 

"Here it comes... ughhh... ohhh..." Rick groaned in ecstasy as thick ropes of white cum shot from his jerking cock. The first two spurts splattered across her cheek; her nose and down her chin. The next spurt ran down her neck and onto her tits. Then she took him in her hand and licked the remainder from his dick.

Watching his partner shoot his cum all over the hot blonde, drove Tony over the precipice too. "Ohhh fuckk... I'm... Uggg..." The brunette jerked him faster while her extended tongue circled the underside of his cock and milky jets of cum shot down her throat and across her upturned face. "Yeah, you little cumslut, drink that cum. You love it, don't you?" Tony asked as he shot three more spurts of thick jizz over her face and hands before she licked his cock clean.

 * * * * * *