 Jason Clint was out with his mom, Mindy. She had decided that since he was moving to another state in just a few months for college they were going to spend as much time together as possible. Today she had dragged him to a Carnival a few towns over. They did the normal things; went on rides, played games, ate junk food, and so on. It was just a normal day of a mom dragging her teen son to things she thought were fun.

But everything changed when Mindy saw the sign that read Mistress Sophia: Prepare to confront your Destiny. "Jason look a fortune teller lets go in."

"Mom everyone knows its all just simple mind tricks."

"Oh don't be such a party pooper," she whined before running over to the tent. 

He followed his mom in and found not a single other person was waiting to see Mistress Sophia. "Mom come on this is a waste of time."

At that moment a woman walked through the back flap. His mom gasped when she came in not from being surprised by her arrival but shocked at how the woman looked. She appeared to be in her forties or fifties; it was hard to tell in the candlelight if her hair was blond or silver. Her body on the other hand was easy to make out as she was hardly wearing any clothes. She had on one single article; a thin veil made of silk that was wrapped around her body snuggly. Jason was sure that if she were in a well-lit room you could see right through it.

"Well hello are you two ready to face your destiny?"

"Um yes we are well I am anyway," Mindy said looking at the woman's nearly nude body.

"Well then my young customers please sit and find out what I see." She led them into the back and to a small round table. "I can feel a strong connection between you two. You are family, mother and child."

"Yes that's right."

"I can also feel that the connection is weaker than it once was and soon to getter even weaker. You two grow further apart but not because you don't love one another but because you don't understand each other."

"Yes we have grown apart the last few years," Mindy said.

"Oh come on mom please of course we've grown apart some all mothers and sons do as they get older," Jason nearly shouted.

"Yes young man you are correct but I also know you and your mother can become closer and see the world as the other does and I can show you how if you wish."

"Yes of course we do," Mindy said, "How? What do we do?"

"Wait here for just a moment," Sophia says and goes to a small cabinet she mixes a few things together pours the mix into two small bottles and comes back. "Now these ingredients aren't cheap..."

"Here we go mom now is when all out dreams can come true with the small amount of a few hundred or few thousand dollars."

"Jason please don't be rude."

"No ma'am its ok there are many fakes out there and I am asking for money but unlike your son claims only a small amount of $20."

Mindy dug a twenty out of her purse and placed it on the table, "Here. And if it is all a fake twenty dollars isn't so bad."

"Ok now both of you hold hands and then drink the contents of your bottle at the same time. But let me warn you that if you do this there is no going back at least not for a full rotation of the Earth around the sun and with the same mixture." 

Jason rolls his eyes but plays along to please his mom and figured it be a fun story to tease her with in the future. They held hands and drank, they waited nothing happened, "Well mom that was exciting."

Sophia took the bottles, "Don't worry the mixture will take effect tonight as you sleep. And remember you wanted this to be closer to your son and your son closer to you and to see things through the others eyes. And when you awake to the new dawn you will."

They left the tent, "Well mom was it worth the twenty buck?"

"I guess we'll see in the morning," she smiled. They wandered around a little longer then drove home. As they drove she turned to him, "If this really works I hope you learn something."

"Oh and what about you?"

"Seeing the world through the eyes of an 18 year old man I'm guessing involves a lot of sports, videos games, and junk food. Oh and of course breasts, boobs and hooters."

He laughed, "Ok true but you forgot some things."

"Yeah like what?"

"What else? Ass, pussy, and of course tits."

They both laughed at that. "Well, Jason thought, if nothing else mom and I haven't joked around like this in years." For the rest of the drive they talked and joked around. When they got home they saw his dad's car was gone. They unpacked the few things they won or bought and went inside. 

On the couch watching one of those real house wives shows, you know the ones were few of the women are even married, was Catie, Jason's older sister. "Hi mom, hi little brother how was your date?" she giggles.

"Oh Cindy it was great your brother is a good date, look at all the things he won for me, he is a gentleman, oh and not to mention he's a great lay," she said with a smirk.

"God mom I think you've spent too much time with Jason."

"Maybe you just need to learn to have more fun. Oh and baby where's your dad?"

"Oh his boss called some emergency at their branch in Buffalo and Daddy had to fly out and fix it. He said he'd call when he lands but that depending on how bad things are he may be gone for a week at least."

The rest of the night went by without anything out of the ordinary. Though when Jason told Catie about Mistress Sophia she had fun teasing her mom. Mindy decide that they'd stick with easy and fun for dinner and ordered pizza. They talked and joked all through dinner. After wards Jason and Catie played rock, paper, scissors to pick the movie and she won so they watched some chick flick. 

After the movie they went to bed, but both Mindy and Jason had trouble falling asleep. After hours of tossing and turning they fell asleep. During the night the each had the same dream. They were in Mistress Sophia's tent holding hands, but when they tried to let go they couldn't, they fought and pulled but nothing worked. 

Though out the whole thing Sophia kept chanting, "See the world as the other, learn to understand together, for a year or forever." Finally their holds came apart but Jason was looking at his own body and Mindy hers. After the dream passed they went into a deep peaceful sleep until the shine of the morning sun woke them.

Mindy woke up feeling strange, her body seemed stronger and she felt like she was seeing the room at a different angle when she stood up. She brushed it off as still being sleepy but somehow something just didn't seem right. She blinked a few times then it hit her this wasn't her room she was in Jason's room, "Now how did I get here?" She walked to the hall bathroom, turned on the light and looked in the mirror and let out the loudest scream she ever had. But it was not her scream and it was not her face in the mirror it was Jason's.

When she heard the scream Catie ran to the bathroom, "Jason what's wrong? I haven't heard you scream since you were little. Jason answer me. Jason? What the fuck is your problem?" 

Mindy just stared at Jason's reflection in the mirror as it did every thing she did. She knew it had to be a trick her kids were playing on her. She pulled off the shirt and boxers she had on but instead of her DD tits and trimmed pussy was a flat muscular chest and hairy semi hard cock and balls.

"Oh my god Jason what the fuck I'm right here I'm going to tell mom about this." She ran to her mom's room and found her fast asleep. "Mom wake up Jason is acting strange even for him. Mom." She shook her a few times calling mom.

"Catie what the fuck leave me alone." She kept shaking her. Her mom sat up, "Ok what is you want cock breath?"

"Mom what the fuck?"

"Catie are you high or something I'm not mom. God!" Jason looked at his sister like she was crazy and from the look on her face she was. "Catie what is fucking important you woke me up?"

Catie didn't say anything at first then got a real pissed off look on her face and yelled, "Ok mom I don't know what kind of fucking joke you and Jason are making but stop it already."

Jason went to stand up and noticed a strange weight on his chest and looked down to see a pair of tits he grabbed them to see if they were real and found they were then he reached to his crotch and found his cock was gone, "Holy Shit!! What happened?"

"Ok mom the jokes over cut it out."

"Catie I swear to god I'm not joking and I'm mom."

At that point Mindy in Jason's body walks in now dressed again, "Catie sweetie he's telling the truth that's Jason in my body and I'm in his."

Catie looks from her brother to her mom on the bed and back and forth. "Oh come on this is all some stupid joke you two thought up yesterday, Right?" they both say no. "Ok then," she goes to Jason's body, "if you are mom in my brothers body answer this question that only mom would know. Last week when we went shopping who did we run into?"

"We ran into my last boyfriend before your dad."

"Ok you could have told him that, what did he ask you?"

"If I missed sucking his cock?"

From the bed, "Eww don't say things like that in my body."

"You could have known I'd ask that and told Jason so now," she moves to her mom's body, "I know no way in hell Jason would tell mom this for some stupid joke, So Jason if you are Jason when I walked in on you a few weeks ago who were you with and what where you doing?"

"Ok, um mom can you go outside for a moment?"

"No she... he ...whatever stays right there now answer."

"Fine Catie you got home early and I was with mom's friend Sara."

"And?"

"And she was giving me a blowjob. Happy now?" Instead of answering Catie fainted and fell to the floor.

They both jumped to check on her, "She'll be ok in awhile Jason. Now young man why was my best friend sucking your cock?"

"Mom I think the bigger problem right now is its no longer my fucking cock its yours!!" he screamed. "What the fuck happened? How did we swap bodies?" A thought popped into his head, "You!!"

"What? What do you mean me?"

"You and that stupid fortune teller you wanted to see thing through the other's eyes. Well I think you got your fucking wish." 

They both just kneeled there over Catie looking at each other thinking. "Um Mom did you have a dream last night..."

"Where we couldn't get our hands apart and then oh shit it wasn't just a dream we really swapped bodies and..."

"And we're stuck. Catie wake the fuck up" he shouted as he shook her. 

"Mom I had the strangest dream," she stops and looks up at them, "Oh shit it was real and I fainted."

"Yes you did now get the fuck up."

"Mo... I'm mean Jason why?"

"Because we have to go find that fucking fortune teller and have her fix this and I don't think it be smart for us to drive so you have to."

"Sweetie your brother is right please get up."

"Ok, ok but do I call you by who you are or how you look?"

"Well just so it doesn't seem that you are calling your brother mom if some one hears us call us by our looks isn't that right mom?"

"Uh yeah right Jason."

"Ok," Mindy says, "mom, sis now that we have that figured out I think we all need to get dressed which means we will have to see our new bodies naked."

Catie starts to laugh, "Ok little brother don't forget those boobs you currently have belong to mom."

Mindy laughs a little too, "That's right son they were your mine but I guess they're yours now, oh and Catie I don't think Jason knows how to put on make up so you'll have to help." That makes Catie stop laughing. "Ok you two girls get ready," Mindy laughs as she goes to Jason's room.

To be continued...