 Chapter 6
Tassels and Tentacles

Jayce looks at the sign on the elevator and sighs. 'Fuck. Of all the days...' Heading for the stairs Jayce makes the four storey trek to his current apartment. Reaching the door he fumbles with the keys, dropping them twice before eventually getting them into the lock. But before he could open the door, it was opened for him.

'C'mere!' Mia all but shouts as she yanks Jayce through the doorway; the exit closing behind him. She drags him by the arm into the dimly lit and quite warm living room where he's tossed towards the coffee table. Bracing for the inevitable smash Jayce is surprised to discover the soft landing provided by pillows; specifically one very large pillow.

Opening his eyes to the now less-blurry livingroom, he can see all around just about every piece of furniture has been pushed up one end of the room to make place for hundreds of 'Pillows?' He mumbles questioningly.

'Pillows...' Mia grins back as she clambers over the pillows towards him, her hands coming down on his belt buckle as she humms to herself.

'Uh...' was all Jayce could manage.

With a quick pull, Mia removes Jayce's pants; his briefs left intact on his increasingly naked frame. 'Jenny and I have been sending "sexts" all day, and I need some relief.'

Jayce gasps as the warm air hits his near-naked legs. 'And the pillows?' he asks, curiosity barely overriding his sex drive.

'We were also shopping, and these were on special.' Mia says, shifting her weight about, causing the large pillow to sway; Jayce bobbing up and down as he watches Mia sensually remove her top. The desired reaction has already begun to occur, but as Mia's curves bounced free from the shirt – the lacy black fabric of the bra barely holding them in place – Jayce's cock quickened it's pace; straining against the fabric of his briefs.

Mia flings the shirt to once side and slides over the man's frame, sliding her hands under his shirt and up his chest as she dips low; her cleavage brushing against the hardon as she moves. The heat of her body radiates outwards to Jayce, who has now abandoned all thoughts not concerning the sex goddess breathing heavily up his neck; biting his earlobe slightly as her body comes to rest on top of his, her wetness leaking through the black panties beneath her tight black denim skirt and onto Jayce's barely constrained member.

The lust-fuelled woman grinds her hips against the cock, further soaking Jayce in her love juice. She leans forward and kisses Jayce passionately, their tongues intertwining as her body writhes upon his. A few seconds of this and fate intervenes, snagging the fabric of Jayce's briefs on part of Mia's garter, pulling it down just enough for his stiff cock to spring free of it's confines and press against her hot wet snatch. Both lovers pause their kiss and moan into each others' mouth.

In a very quick and fluid motion Mia spins around on the pillow, halting when her face is poised just above Jayce's member; while her legs now sit astride his head, giving the stunned man a very close view of her soaked black panties in the dim light. Without hesitation, the two figures reach out in the darkness to their lover's crotch, Jayce barely hooking a finger around the thin material before Mia had slammed her mouth down over his cock, sucking it deep into her throat as her teeth lightly graze the edge of his ballsack.

The feeling of Mia's throat muscles clamping down around his cock as her tongue pushes and rubs against it's length drives Jayce into a frenzy as he rips the delicate material at the hips, the warm air breezing across her naked pussy. The scent of her womanhood is too much to handle as Jayce pulls her forcefully onto his mouth, his tongue exploring her pussy with as much ferocity as her mouth only moments before.

Mia moans into Jayce's swollen member, the vibrations reverberating through his cock and into his balls; the action causing himself to moan into the woman's cunt. His cock twitches as he holds back the familiar sensation of a climax, desperately wanting the sensation to last as long as possible. Mia on the other hand, is not quite as disciplined; after hours of randy text messages it doesn't take long for her to reach her limit.

Jayce feels his tongue sucked into Mia's hungry pussy as she cums, pulling her mouth away from his cock to sit down hard on the man's face, trying to force as much of his tongue into her as possible. 'Fuuuuuuck...' She moans as the darkness intensifies around them; Jayce unable to stop the transportation as the familiar sensation of slipping into one's mind overcomes the two figures.

The softness of the pillow has instead been replaced with softness of another kind; skin. The ground in this particular place feeling like the inside of a clam, and even looks rather similar too; all it lacks is the shell. Pink and slightly mucusy, this odd surface only extends a dozen feet in either direction before it dips down below what appears to be a sea of green jelly. Mia lays writhing on the pink fleshy stuff, fingering herself as she slowly regains consciousness.

'Where-' the woman's hands cease their groping as she blinks herself awake 'Where are we?'. Almost immediately after removing them from herself, Mia's hands slide up to her breasts; pulling along with them some of the slime from the ground.

'I don't know...' Jayce surveys the landscape, puzzled; his cock throbbing hard in the warm air. He thinks of a rubber ball, wishing for it to materialise in his hand, to no affect. 'Must be in your mind...'

Mia moans as her fingers make their way to her nipples, tweaking them gently. 'Mmmmm, it feels so good here....'

Jayce gets an evil thought, but is thwarted when he tries to stand on the slippery surface; falling over onto his back right where he started. 'Dammit, I can't stand up.' He mutters, flipping over and trying to slide himself to the incredibly horny figure near him. Just as he reaches her, Jayce feels something slimy brush past his leg. 'What?'

'Hmmm...' Mia mutters as she looks over to Jayce's startled query. She looks half in lust and half in horror as a slimy tentacle wraps it's way around his leg, traces of the jelly it emerged from sloppily dripping over the man as a second and third tentacle break the surface. 'This- this...'

"Blaaagh!' Jayce cries as he's bound by one of the pink limbs, it's slimy flesh pulling tight around one ankle as another slides towards him. He struggles, but to no avail as the second tentacle wraps it's way around his other leg while a third and fourth tentacle bind his wrists. He stops his screaming as he's lifted a few feet in the air, his eyes focused on Mia. 'You watch too much-'

Jayce's sentence is cut off as a fifth tentacle forces it's way into his mouth. He struggles against the intrusion again, but with all limbs held back, all he can do is shake his head; which it easily compensates for as the phallic limb pushes deep into the man's throat.

Mia realises now that Jayce may be in some danger, moving to try to help. Unfortunately, she is able to withdraw her hands from herself just long enough for them to be entangled by her own set of binding tentacles. However, the woman doesn't struggle as a thick phallus is thrust towards her face, gladly opening her mouth to let it in; sucking at it as it pushes it's way past her lips.

Unable to control their own movements, the tentacles place the two on the ground once more, rubbing their bodies along the slimy mucus covering this small living island. Now coated head to toe in the sticky substance, the tentacles pull the two back up, bending Mia over in front of Jayce; splaying her legs and giving Jayce a view to die for. The tentacles slither and slide across the islands surface until the tip of Jayce's cock is pushing gently against Mia's wet slit.

Unable to stop himself from entering the girl even if he wanted to, Jayce feels the tentacles tighten as he's thrust forward; his cock pushing easily into Mia's wet cunt due to her vigorous fingering and the traces of slime. They both moan as skin meets skin, legs sliding against each other as the unearthly limbs reposition the two so Jayce can thrust as best as possible.

Taking the hint the man pulls back out to the tip before slamming back into the girls wet hole, the slime producing a satisfying slap with each bottoming out. Mia moans into the tentacle as it pulsates in her mouth, pushing deep into her throat before pulling back out to be played with by the girls eager tongue. Jayce begins to treat his intruder with more sensuality, running his tongue up the exposed section within; feeling it writhe with each lick.

Mia's matching Jayce's thrusts now as he pushes deeply into her, the tentacles holding him in place helping to get him deeper than normal he can feel his cock push against the girls cervix. Mia moans louder through the tentacle as Jayce hits her "spot" repeatedly, bringing her closer and closer to the orgasm she's been on the brink of since they arrived in this odd world.

Jayce too feels close but in a way like never before. He can tell that at any moment he could pop, though at the same time he feels unable; like the few times he'd had multiple orgasms and had nothing left to ejaculate.

A pair of tentacles slide over to the two lovers, unnoticed through the sexual haze. Rising from the slimy ground they move toward the only orifices left, pushing against Jayce's puckered arsehole first. The man would have jumped if his legs weren't firmly held down. He moans in protest but the tentacles twisted around his hands and feet only tighten further, the oral intruder pushing deep into his throat as the new limb pushes its way into his tight hole.

It slides around inside, almost as if it were looking for something, prodding and poking his insides. Jayce feels his cock swell as it tries to cum; the tentacle had found his prostrate and was now doing its best to stimulate it as sensually as possible. Jayce's thrusts had slowed to a stop, his cock buried as deep as possible in Mia as it pulses against her inner walls.

Mia senses something wrong when She can't feel Jayce's hot seed within her and attempts to turn around, but the tentacle she's orally pleasing refuses to let her see, instead pushing deeper as a protrusion pokes at her tight arse. Much more accepting of the new limb she relaxes her cheeks, allowing the tentacle to slide in, coating her arse in the same sensually sticky slime that covers her entire body.

Jayce watches as the tentacle pushes its way into Mia's accepting arse, it's ridged length causing the girls cunt to twitch with each push past her ring. Nearly five inches had been pushed into that beautiful behind before the tentacle began to withdraw, slowly thrusting its thick self into Mia. It looked larger than the one inside Jayce, nearly as wide as his cock, and nearly as long compared to the finger-width one inside him.

With the hint of a wry smile on his face, Jayce gently moves his hand towards the tentacle in his mouth. Hesitantly his restraints let him, allowing the man to reach the protrusion, stroking its length as is pulsates harder from the touch. He starts pumping his slime covered hands along its length as it pushes deeper into his mouth. 

After a minute or so Jayce realises he hasn't breathed in a while, a fear that is allayed by his still conscious state; he assumes the need for air in this place may be somewhat lessened. With this new point of veiw, Jayce grasps the tentacle even firmer; pushing it deep within his throat he can feel it pulse as it races down towards his stomach. The bindings holding his hand releasing ever so little in the process.

Jayce begins thrusting again, matching his timing to that of the tentacle invading Mia's arse; causing the girl to moan as she slams back against the two phalluses desperate to cum. The man can tell she's nearly in pain from being on the brink for so long, and with a deep suck on the tentacle in his mouth as a distraction he slips a hand free from his living bindings.

Hand darting towards the girls arse he yanks the tentacle out mid-stroke, replacing it with his own meaty cock; thrusting it deep within her as he slams nearly a foot of the surprised appendage into her now vacant pussy. The tightness of her arse serves to only tease Jayce further as his cock aches for release.

The sudden vacancy of her holes was at first shocking to the girl, but it was only short-lived as Jayce's cock pushes deep inside her well-lubricated arse and the prehensile intruder gets roughly shoved deep within her hungry pussy. The sensation of having Jayce thrusting forcefully into her arse while the tentacle picks up the pace once more finally sends Mia over the edge.

Every tentacle tightens and pulsates, squirting thick syrupy fluid across the entire island, which if either lover noticed or cared they would realise it was the source of all the slime. Jayce's throat bulges as the appendage within him pulses, delivering wave after wave of hotness into his belly. Far too turned on to resist, Jayce instead sucks on the member as it slowly fills him with the strange pineapple-flavoured fluid.

Mia openly accepts the burst of hotness in her throat, and with her eyes clenched tight from the earth-shattering climax, she avoids being blinded when the tentacle pulls out; splattering her face in the slimy substance as her moan can finally form itself into a shout of pure lust. Her cunt also warms from the spasming length inside her, it's velvety walls sucking in the tentacle and milking it of the otherworldly cum.

Mia's arse clenches around Jayce's cock with an almost vice like grip, but he still kneels behind the orgasming girl unable to cum himself. He knows he's so very close but for some reason something here is stopping him.

The two remain locked in that position until finally the tentacles lose their grip and allow the pair to fall to the ground exhausted. Jayce's cock remains hard as ever as he slips out of the girls tight arse with a pop. The tentacle down his throat finally pulling out as he sputters up a bit of the fruity cum. 'Fuck... *coughcough*'

'Mmmmmmm....' Came the contented response from Mia. As she writhes around on the ground, her pussy still spasming from the intense fucking she'd just received.

The tentacles retreat back into the jelly-like ocean as Jayce slides over to the girl, his hand reaching out to hers. But Mia pulls her hand away in protest 'Mmmmm, not yet...'

Both lovers flatten their hands against the ground as what seems like a mini earthquake rocks the small island. The ground beneath them begins to give way as a large crimson crevasse opens up between the two. The edges of the island seem to raise like a bowl as Jayce and Mia slide toward the central opening. Mia notices the shape first and smiles as she slides into the lubricated folds of the giant cunt.

Jayce follows right behind, falling only a few feet down into the warm darkness he's slowed to a stop by the walls; small nubs lining the skin-like surface in their thousands. He feels something sliding upwards towards him, comforted moments later by the familiar feeling of Mia's hand pulling him towards her though the slimy passageway until they lie suspended, hugging tightly.

'Sounds like you had fun.' Jayce managed to say through the tight squeezing atmosphere.

'What, you didn't?' She muses, pulling herself closer to him; giggling as his rock-hard cock pushes against her stomach 'Mmmm, guess not...' Writhing against Jayce as she finds the right position, Mia slips his hard member inside her well used snatch as the living walls around them squeeze the two lovers together, their nubs massaging the two bodies as the sticky fluids within the hole coat them once more.

Mia sighs as the cock pushes deep inside her, Jayce throbbing as he bottoms out inside her easily. The walls draw ever tighter, pushing the two into a tight embrace; Mia wrapping her legs around Jayce's waist as they hug each other firmly their lips meeting in a passionate kiss. The smooth protrusions from the wall making tiny circles across their lubricated skin.

Jayce tries to pull out to begin thrusting, but the walls of this hole are holding him too tightly; His cock barely able to move an inch. Mia feels the struggle and tries to help, but even with the leverage of her position all she can do is writhe against him; barely able to grind herself against his hard member in the tight space. She realises their kiss has lasted quite long and comes to the same conclusion as Jayce had earlier: air here is somewhat unnecessary.

With the same thought running through her head Mia goes for broke, plunging her tongue deep into the mans mouth as her hips buck forcefully against Jayce; his rock-hard member crashing against her cervix. Jayce moans into the eager girls mouth as he feels the depth to which she's pulled him, his cock pushing hard against the closed door to her womb.

She withdraws from the kiss with barely enough space to move, let alone talk. Still she utters a few muffled words 'Please, deeper...' To accentuate her request she pushes hard against his manhood, his balls sliding against the base of her dripping pussy. 'Please...'

Jayce stays frozen as that word echoes through his brain, pulling painful memories back from the depths before being pushed aside by the arrival of another passionate kiss. Oddly his cock reacts to the phrase, pulsing hard inside the girls hot cunt as it strains against her inner opening.

The walls around seem to sense the longing of the two figures and pushes against them. Tiny nubules slide over the two as Mia and Jayce's pelvises are squeezed together, his cock pushing hard against her cervix before with a slip and thud he pushes past the barrier as the head is sucked into the hot womb.

Mia ecstatically screams into Jayce's mouth as she's driven to yet another orgasm from the deep penetration; the walls of her pussy gripping Jayce's cock like a vice, rippling inward to draw his length impossibly further in. The walls of their sexual prison draw increasingly tighter with every contraction of Mia's orgasm, acting like one massive cunt itself; trying to squeeze the orgasms out of each of them.

The slippery skin holding him in place against the writhing buxom figure impaled on his cock is just too much for Jayce as he returns her orgasmic scream with his own lust-fuelled growl. Tiny nubs gently massage his balls as his cock pulses, releasing the first spurt of cum deep inside Mia's spasming pussy.

Both minds lost in ecstasy, they lie there in the warm wetness of the island pussy as Jayce's cock fills Mia's womb to bursting point with an inhuman amount of cum. As Mia feels his juices fill her she slides a hand down their sides to find his, squeezing hard as the world around fades to white.

Mia is off of Jayce's face before his mind fully returns to the warm living room, her body flinging around to land the hot wetness of her pussy on the man's throbbing member. Mia slams herself onto Jayce! rising only once before she feels him pulsing. Cumming hard into the still spasming pussy, Jayce pulls the girl down hard, impaling his cock deep within her once more, driving her over the edge into another orgasm as a blurry reality sets in.

'So- so deep' she stammers as the climax scrambles her mind 'deep is goooooood....' Moaning, Mia collapses on top of the still cumming Jayce, who grabs her ass firmly with one hand to hold his cock in her as he unleashes another load inside her hot wet pussy, while wrapping another behind her back as he pulls her into a sweaty half-clothed hug atop the soiled pillows.

Unleashing another shot of cum into her hungry hole, Jayce holds Mia tight. 'That, was fun...' He smiles as his breath returns heavy and hard; matching her gasps for air. 'So...' He begins, his thought broken by the need to breathe 'you like it deep then?'
