 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex....on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. If you're still in...please enjoy! I also just wanted to say a quick thank you to everyone who is loving this series and sharing such amazing feedback! It is beyond flattering! Thank so much and thanks for reading! ~Karin Mac)

Stage 2-2: The Breeding Pits

Sticky alien cum seeped between my violated pussy lips, dripping down my naked backside onto the roof of the Wryglen Express. I could still feel the warmth of the ALPHA's load inside me and couldn't help but wonder if I was already pregnant. Knowing that if I was defeated by the ZAUKs I'd be taken prisoner for "breeding" but did that mean right away, or something else...? Guess I was about to find out. As I lay there, gasping for breath, watching the crimson glow of my Health bar (HP: 1) and my maxed out Stim Points (SP: 60) dread settled over me. Even by the standards of this twisted game, I felt utterly violated; I was a man, yet here I was fearing pregnancy after being raped by an alien creature.

Red letters flashed before my eyes: YOUR HEALTH HAS BEEN REDUCED TO 1 POINT! That quickly followed by: YOUR STIM HAS BEEN MAXED OUT! And then: YOU HAVE BEEN CAPTURED BY THE ZAUKNOIDS!!

"This is one hot piece of ass!" chortled the ALPHA who's load was still warm inside me. "Let's take her back for breeding!"

The ZAUK approached, holding my PLASMA PISTOL. Bending down to grab my arm, he pulled the E-LARIAT off my wrist as well. Then my HUD opened by itself, displaying my inventory to be EMPTY as he confiscated my PLASMA RIFLE. Next, all my skills returned to a LOCKED state, as he reached down and wrapped a cold metal chain around my neck. My Stim bar cleared (SP: 0) but then shrank by half (Max Stim: 30) as my class and level were overlaid with the status: BREEDER!

Additionally a new progress bar appeared as well, this marked: PREGGERS (MAX 30).

Pushing myself back to a kneeling position, waves of fear and humiliation rolled through me. I couldn't believe this was happening, I wasn't supposed to be able to get "preggers," I was supposed to be a man! A dreadful shudder climbed up my spine, sending a jiggly quiver through my naked breasts as if specifically to remind me that that was not currently the case. At least it was empty, I took that to mean I was not currently pregnant. Maybe I could still get out of this...

The ZAUK reached for me again, attaching a long leash to the chain around my neck. I couldn't hold back a dejected whimper, dropping my face into my dainty hands. Once again overwhelmed by emotions, I could feel tears welling but tried my best to fight them back. I looked up hearing an air-ship approach, it was Devil Seth's.

"Another whore for the pits, eh boys?" the taskmaster cackled, seeing me naked and leashed. "Big udders and wide hips, she'll make great breeding stock by me own eyes!"

Hearing him talk about me like that made feel about two inches tall. I could not let this happen!

He guffawed again, lowering to about level with us and extending a ramp to the platform of his vessel. The ZAUK tugged my leash, pulling me to my feet and then leading me up onto Devil Seth's ship. I couldn't seem to resist, as my mind was flooded by an overwhelming urge to obey and follow. 

I did not like that one bit! It meant that aside from pumping female hormones and emotions into my head, the game could compel me to do things. How much further could it go?

Once I stepped onto the air-ship, more notifications began to flash before me: DEVIL SETH HAS ROBBED THE WRYGLEN EXPRESS! and then MISSION FAILED! YOU LOSE!!

The air-ship veered away from the train, trailed by the other two remaining vessels. I could move around on the platform, but any time I reached the length of my leash the ZAUK would give it a harsh yank, pulling me right back to his side. Eventually I gave up and just stood next to him obediently.

The Sonhadran desert whizzed past, and it wasn't long before we were slowing down. The ship veered into a valley between a rise of slate grey mountains, as more words appeared before me:  DEVIL'S MINES DISCOVERED. There were openings carved into the sides of the mountains, with hundreds of ZAUKs moving in and out, some with wheelbarrows full of ore, others carrying pickaxes or other tools. ALPHAs moved among the crowd too, corralling and directing the smaller MOBs. 

As the air-ship landed, Devil Seth swiveled his chair around to face us. He was much larger than me and the other MOBs, just like Gnash One-eye had been. He had one robotic arm, and a robotic peg-leg. 

"Bring the bitch over here!" he demanded.

I'd only been a woman for a few days, but I already hated being referred to as "bitch" so often and so casually.

The ZAUK walked over and handed him my leash. His eyes scanned my naked body as he pulled me forward. I could tell from the way he looked me over, he was an NPC like Gnash as well, not just an enemy MOB.

"So you're the one that took out ol' Gnash?" he seemed unimpressed.

"And I'll do the same to you if-hey!" I began but Devil Seth seemed to ignore my words, instead grabbing my breast with his one organic hand (SP: 1). He gave the fleshy globe a good squeezing, before reaching between my legs. "Get off!" I whined, feeling his fingers sliding along my naked seam (SP: 3). I tried to step back, but a firm yank on the leash pulled me back to his hand for more fondling. 

"Captain Korvas'll be glad to know you're finally out of his hair," he said, passing my leash back to the ZAUK. "Even more so when he hears you're trapped in the pits, breedin' new ZAUKs for his army!"

My stomach twisted and a little shiver crawled up my spine. I did not want to find out just how far this game would take that threat! 

Suddenly I remembered some of the things I'd learned about Lex and what my role in this game was supposed to be. I was meant to be a seductress. Too bad I'd never seduced anyone in my life, especially not a man! Of course, this was an NPC so the game play should be on my side...if I could play it right!

His hand was still between my legs, so I grabbed it and leaned forward invitingly, pushing his rough fingers into the soft folds of my labia. This sent a tingling rush through my curvy hips (SP: 4-5-6) and for once I didn't try to hold back my moan. At the same time, I thrust out my tits and tried to put a sexy pout on my face.

"Surely you can think of a better use for me than that," I purred.

Devil Seth ogled me for a moment, but a notification flashed in my periphery: ALLURE FAILED -- BLOCKED BY BREEDER STATUS.

"You'd like that wouldn't you?!" Devil Seth shook with laughter. "Well not as much as I'd like to see you popping out new ZAUKS for me! BWAHAHA!"

I hung my head in defeat. It felt so degrading to be standing there completely naked, the chain of a leash hanging down between my tits. I had no idea what would happen next. This didn't seem like a GAME OVER scenario, which meant I should have an opportunity to escape at some point. However, that meager hope seemed far far away as I stood there powerless and chained by enemy MOBs.

"She's all yours boy-O's," the task master went on. "Haul her down the pits and enjoy the show!"

I didn't like the sound of that, but said nothing, only clenched my jaw and continued to obey the tug of my leash. I thought about fighting back and or running away, but any defiance was overridden as my mind was flooded with a submissive compliance. I couldn't resist the compulsion, unable to even drag my feet as I was led off the air-ship by my captor.

The miner-ZAUKs quickly began to gather, and I couldn't help but become hyperaware of my nakedness; large breasts bobbing, wide curvy hips swaying from side to side, plump round booty rolling with every step, and of course the prim, hairless pussy nestled between my thighs. I tried to cover my chest with one arm, and my mound with the other, blushing furiously as a chorus of "Nice tits!" rippled through the crowd.

Their big green hands began pawing at me, some grabbed handfuls of my prominent ass, squeezing or spanking my firm round cheeks. Others reached for my chest, tugging my arm aside so they could grope my perky melons. 

"Back off, back off!" barked the one holding my leash. "She's for the ALPHAs in the pit!" 

The miner-ZAUKs seemed to ignore him completely, continuing to molest me as I was dragged through the crowd. Feeling more and more helpless, my dread was turning to panic, with a garnish of humiliation. 

"Stop it! Stop it, you little pervs!" I squealed, feeling tears brimming.

Finally, we broke through the crowd, and I was led toward one of the cave openings. Crossing into the darkness we proceeded down a long dark tunnel. There was a single strand of light tubing running down the center of the ceiling, providing just enough light to cast the tunnel in eerie shadows. 

Every so often I heard insectile skittering, too close and sounding a little too big for comfort. Several times I glimpsed movement just at the edges of the shadows. I found myself just as jumpy as I'd been in the jungles back on Cirkon, although now being completely naked, I longed for the then-frustratingly-skimpy red and gold bikini!

I began to hear a rumble coming from the end of the tunnel. The noise of a huge crowd. My stomach twisted into a knot as the air thickened with a musky, sweaty smell. For a moment my mind pictured the prospect of a huge ZAUK orgy; all green skin and huge hands, groping and fucking me... A disgusted shiver crawled down my spine. 

When the tunnel opened out at last, we entered a huge, domed chamber. It was an arena of some kind, with tiers of stone and wood benches encircling a deep pit. There were hundreds of ZAUKs gathered, sitting and standing on the benches. They were shouting and waving their big green hands. The hollowed-out center was several feet deep, and maybe twenty across. 

The notification flashed before my eyes: ZAUKNOID BREEDING PITS DISCOVERED.

I was led to the edge of the pit where the ZAUK holding my leash stopped. I looked around, feeling the pit of ice in my stomach growing colder. 

"Quite agreeable mammaries!" shouted an approaching ZAUK. This one was different, taller than the rest, but skinnier than the ALPHAs. It was wearing what looked to be denim coveralls, and he had a bristly gray goatee. He took my leash and scanned my naked body. "Welcome to the Pits, breeder," he said with a strange accent. "I am the Pit Boss!"

"Great," I grumbled. "How do I get out of here?"

"There is no escape!" the Pit Boss declared. "You will have the honor of breeding new ZAUKS!" He tugged my leash, leading me around the perimeter of the pit. "In the pit you will be paired with a mate, now don't make things hard on yourself, he'll only hurt you as much as you hurt him but once you have been subdued, the ALPHA will begin to impregnate you, assuming he can hold his load long enough to..." He paused for a moment, reaching up and beginning to remove my leash from the chain, which remained around my throat. "If you prove to be too much for your mate, you will be studded more suitably tomorrow!"

My HUD opened as he removed my leash, and my skills (MASTURBATION, TEASE, BLOWJOB) unlocked! However, before I could do anything else the Pit Boss shoved me backwards and I fell into the pit.

The ZAUK audience cheered. 

I got to my feet, trying to cover my naked body, but quickly realizing my two skinny arms just weren't enough to hide from the eyes of the surrounding crowd. My cheeks got warm as embarrassment rushed through me. 

The walls of the pit were at least eight or nine feet high, no way I'd be able to jump high enough to climb out. There were stains splattered all across the floor. I now noticed there was also some furniture in the pit. There was a bed, something that looked like a cross between a bench and a sawhorse, a stockade, and what looked like a torture rack...or maybe not torture per say...

There was an opening at the far end of the pit, and the crowd began cheering as an ALPHA came through it. He was completely naked. Without their armor, the ALPHAs looked just like a regular ZAUK. Green skin, long gangly arms with oversized hands at the end. His head was big and oval with grey almond shaped eyes. The only difference was that he had a thick, green cock hanging between his stubby legs.

The ALPHA threw up his hands, playing to crowd as his cock rose into a long, stiff erection. The audience cheered again as he pointed (aimed?) that erection directly at me!

"LET THE BREEDING BEGIN!" the Pit Boss shouted from above.

Then in big red letters before me: BREEDER STIM BATTLE! Quickly exchanged for: ROUND ONE!!

I backed away as the ALPHA came towards me. I couldn't actually fight him, not only were my CQC skills worthless, I only had one hit point left. 

The alien MOB lunged at me and I ducked under his arms, scrambling away. All around us the crowd's cheers turned to boos.

I knew what I had to do, but I'll be honest and say I just didn't want to. The Pit Boss had said "Assuming he can hold his load long enough" which meant this was a Stim battle I could win. However, as I watched the green skinned alien coming at me with his huge erection bobbing, every one of my male instincts rose up in revulsion.

"Come back here, you hot piece of ass!" the ALPHA grinned at me. "Nowhere to run now!"

He charged at me again. This time I dove to the side, avoiding his rush and rolling nimbly to my feet. My human body was never so agile, it would have been cool under different circumstances. 

Again the crowd booed. I didn't care but I was beginning to realize I couldn't run forever. Or maybe I could, but where would that really get me? I had no choice, I was going to have to seduce that ALPHA and try to make him cum first! Maybe if I won, they'd let me go...

I glanced around, then dashed to the bed. I crawled onto the mattress, then looked back towards the ALPHA.

"Alright, er, big boy," I stuttered. "Come and get me..?"

On my hands and knees, I arched my back and thrust my round little butt towards him. Thinking back, I tried to mimic some of my favorite porn stars. I felt so silly, but the crowd shouted their approval.

The ALPHA sauntered over, checking me out. Batting my eyes at him, I tried to look shy and innocent. He gave my ass a slap, making me yelp (PN: 1). His big hand caressed my backside, sliding over my curves and up along my spine. A rush of warm tingles spread through my legs and stomach (SP: 7-8).

"Hot piece of ass!" he grumbled.

I turned quickly, pulling him onto the bed with me. Butterflies swarmed my stomach feeling his green, rubbery skin against my soft, naked curves. His big green hands crawled all over me as I squirmed into top position, straddling his midsection. A sharp toothed grin split its alien face, seeming all too happy to let me on top. My stomach did a back flip feeling his cock prodding my bare ass.

My hands slid over his chest as I leaned down and buried my face in his neck. My plump lips pressed against his rubbery skin as I began kissing and sucking at his throat. The ALPHA shifted underneath me, groaning. Sinking into the moment, I moaned against his throat, running my tongue from his sternum to what passed for his chin. The gangly body shivered between my legs and at the edge of my vision I noted the word TEASE flashing.

I glanced up and saw a Stim counter glowing over the ALPHA's head: StimP: 3! 

I almost grinned, but instead licked my lips at him. Then I leaned down to his chest, using my pillowy lips to plant a flurry of wet kisses. Feeling him squirm in response to my efforts was a rush of its own, despite the weirdness of it all. I began eagerly licking his chest, spreading my warm saliva over his rubbery alien flesh, errantly realizing he had no nipples.

Suddenly his big hands clamped onto my head and I was pulled up to his face. TEASE BLOCKED! flashed at the corner of my eyes. The ALPHA drew me in, clamping his thin alien lips around mine. A long forked tongue forced my lips apart and snaked into my mouth! I tried to pull away instinctively, but he held me tight. My cheeks flushed hotly as his tongue squirmed in my mouth and even slid down my throat (SP: 9)!

Once I was caught up in the alien kiss, his big hands slid down my neck and grabbed my breasts (SP: 10)! Feeling him squeezing the firm bulbs sent an irresistible rush through my chest. My nipples tingled, perking up against his rough palms and I couldn't hold back a little moan (SP: 11-12). 

Breaking the kiss, he leaned me back and his forked tongue slithered down my chest. The sensation made me tremble (SP: 13). His hand kept a firm grip on my breast, as his long, slimy tongue coiled around my hardened nipple. It gave a tug that made me throw back my head and squeal in a mix pain and pleasure (SP: 15, PN: 2).

The crowd cheered loudly!

Watching my Stim counter tick up, I realized I'd lost control of the battle. I had to get it back, I was not going to end up PREGGERS in this damn game!

I reached back, groping blindly for his cock. My slender fingers closed around the ALPHA's thick shaft and I felt him tense beneath me. When I gave a gentle tug, his tongue went slack around my nipple and his grip loosened. Quickly, I spun around on his torso, and found myself facing a big green erection. Just the sight of it sent a surge of anticipation through my chest.

That anticipation gave me pause. I couldn't deny that I wanted to suck that dick. Who was I becoming? Was it the game messing with my mind? Or was it something else...? That hesitation cost me. 

Big hands clamped around my butt cheeks and pulled me backwards. His slimy tentacle of a tongue slithered through my slit (SP: 16-17-18). I moaned loudly, my hips quivering as fireworks of arousal burst through them! Glancing between my tits, I could just see that forked tongue lapping at my pussy, before it parted my lips and squirmed into the sensitive flesh in between! My breath caught in my throat, as a flood of heat raced through my torso, making my nipples ache and my head spin (SP: 19-20-21)! I felt my pussy gushing, his strong hands continuing to knead the still-unfamiliar fullness of my female ass.

Hooting and hollering, the crowd urged their guy on, as I was nearly overwhelmed by a flood of submissive urges. It wasn't the game this time, just my own confusing willingness to give in as I sensed my building orgasm.

Struggling to regain focus, I reached for his cock. Grabbing it with both hands, I began pumping. The ALPHA groaned, and more importantly his tongue withdrew from my quivering cleft. I continued stroking with one hand, reaching for his balls with the other. Heat spread through his entire package as I began fondling his sack. 

Feeling the stiffness and warmth in my dainty hands made my mouth water! The desire to suck that dick came rushing back and this time I didn't resist or hesitate. Leaning down, I devoured the big green erection! 

It was the ALPHA's turn to moan, and his gangly body went nearly limp underneath me. I heard the crowd "Ooh and Ahh" but I was fixated on the hard, hot cock filling my mouth! My plump lips slid down the shaft, as a rush of excitement filled my chest. Pulling back, I gasped a quick breath then began licking every inch. I couldn't believe my own eagerness as my soft little tongue slipped over every vein (SP: 22-23).
