 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. If you're still in...please enjoy, and thanks for reading! ~Karin Mac)

*****

2-3: Draknut

"This way BREEDER!" The Pit Boss urged with a tug on my leash. The ZAUKNOID audience continued to jeer as he led me towards the tunnel at the back of the arena.

I followed obediently, unable to resist the compulsion flooding my mind. These immersive games weren't supposed to be able to affect the impulse or control centers of the brain, there was already legislation against that. The development companies claimed not to even have that capability yet. I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised that this game was capable of actual mind control, after all it had kept my male brain marinating in a river of female hormones and emotions ever since I'd accidently logged in as the femme fatale BOUNTY HUNTER, Lex!

Feeling the still unfamiliar sway of my curvy new figure, I suddenly became aware of the hundreds of ZAUKs ogling me. I was a naked woman after all, sweaty and sticky from the Stim Battle I'd just won...barely. I quickly wrapped one slender arm across my ample chest as instant heat blushed my cheeks and dropped the other hand to cover the slit between my thighs. The femininity of this body left me with a perpetual sense of vulnerability as it was, now that was even being intensified by the humiliation of being collared and leashed.

Once again, I was overwhelmed by a flood of emotions; frustration, anger, embarrassment, all tied together by a feeling of utter powerlessness. Tears filled my eyes as I realized my time in the Breeding Pits was far from over.

"It's hard enough being stuck as a woman without being a crier too," I sniffled, brushing a few errant green tresses back from my face.

"What was that BREEDER?" the Pit Boss glanced back as we finally crossed into the darkened tunnel.

"Nothing," I murmured, blinking back the tears. Without the constantly jeering audience, my nerves calmed slightly. "So how does this work, what happens now?"

"Now that you've proven to be too hot a piece of ass for common ALPHAs," he began, leading me down an alcove off the main tunnel. "I'll take you to the bathing ponds to be cleaned. Then you'll be taken to a chamber to rest and first thing in the morning I'll bring you back to the arena to mate with Draknut!"

The word mate dropped a ball of ice into my stomach. I still wasn't clear on how serious this game was about the whole breeding aspect of these Breeding Pits. But judging from the PREGGERS bar in my HUD, and how seriously it took everything else, I expected it was more than just an empty tagline.

"So what happens if I lose to Draknut?"

"Don't think of it as losing," the Pit Boss corrected me quickly. "You'll be winning the honor of becoming a mother of the ZAUKNOID warriors!"

Now the word mother twisted my stomach into a knot around that icy pit. I'd only barely survived the Stim Battle with a normal ALPHA, Draknut would surely be tougher, like an elite enemy or a boss. I felt a few hot tears slide down my cheeks as anxiety, tinged with fear, added itself to my emotional flood. I was a man, the possibility of getting pregnant wasn't supposed to be a worry for me!

I was still trying not to cry when we reached a small cavern with three bubbling pools in it. The air was humid and I could see steam rising from the surface of the water. For a moment my spirits lifted at the idea of a hot bath. Then I noticed that there were several ZAUKs running around the chamber. The now familiar sight of their short green bodies, big oval heads and long gangly arms, immediately clued me in that this was not going to be a relaxing soak.

"Nice tits!" the closest one barked, coming towards us.

The Pit Boss passed him the chain serving as my leash. "See that she is thoroughly cleaned, and then taken to rest," he instructed. "I'll come for you in the morning, BREEDER, first thing!"

The ZAUK tugged my leash, triggering those compliant urges. He only came up to about my shoulder and if I'd had my PLASMA PISTOL, I could've popped the thing with one shot! Instead, he was leading me around like a big breasted pet! I followed him down to poolside, where two more ZAUKs approached.

"Nice tits!"-"Nice tits!" They barked in turn.

"Don't you guys say anything else?" I groaned, wrapping both arms around my ample chest.

BATHING POOL - BONUS ROUND! Suddenly appeared in big red letters over the steaming ponds, followed by: RESIST THE ZAUKS FOR BONUS STIM POINTS!!

The two MOBs grabbed me by the arms. Then the one holding my leash reached up and unclipped it from my chain-link collar. Even without the leash's control, I wasn't physically strong enough to resist the little green men as I was dragged backwards and shoved into the pool! Nor was I able to stifle an embarrassingly girlish shriek as I fell in.

The warm water enveloped me, and for a moment it was heavenly, relaxing even. I found my footing and stood up, peeling soaked green locks back from my face. All three ZAUKs were following me into the water, holding rags and bars of soap.

I backed away, trying to figure out how to resist them. Thanks to my pitiful CQC skills, I couldn't fight them in any useful way. Despite being horny little aliens, they didn't have cocks for me use my BLOWJOB skill on. Was I just supposed to TEASE them into submission?

The ZAUKs pounced on me all at once! They dunked me under the water and I came up sputtering and disoriented. Six huge hands grabbed me, trapping my arms and groping my breasts! A wave of heat flushed through my chest as they squeezed and kneaded my firm orbs (SP: 1-2-3-4-5). I groaned, trying to pull free but they were too strong and continued fondling my perky melons (SP: 6-7-8-9-10).

Realizing my Stim counter was climbing more quickly than usual, (SP: 11-12-13-14-15) I thrashed desperately and managed to slip one arm free. Shoving and twisting, I fought out of their grip and swam for the side to get some distance. 

How could I TEASE three MOBs at once?

Then I noticed my Stim Bar began falling (SP: 14-13-12-11). So this bonus round was about sustained stimulation? Got it! 

I reached the edge of the pool, but it was too slick to climb out (SP: 10-9-8-7). As I was figuring that out, an oversized hand closed around my ankle and dragged me back to the center of the pool. I kicked and thrashed but the three MOBs easily overpowered me, and I was dunked again. This time when I came up, they began cleaning me!

One of them held my arms pinioned behind my back, while the other two started to rub me down and soap me up. Warm tingles danced through my curves as the slick bars slid over my shoulders and collarbone (SP: 7-8-9-10). I squirmed, swallowing a moan as they moved down to lather up my tits. Feeling the bars sliding and caressing my soft flesh, while the bubbles slipped and dripped over my sensitive nipples sent a rush of heat through my neck and chest (SP: 11-12-13). 

Despite my growing arousal, I knew I had to get free if I was going to win the bonus. I assumed I would need all the extra Stim Points I could get when I faced Draknut. I strained against the grip on my arms, trying desperately to pull free. I could only groan in powerless frustration as the ZAUK easily restrained me. 

All but ignoring my struggles, the soap slid down my hourglass figure, stirring up butterflies in my stomach and sending a quiver racing between my legs (SP: 14-15-16). Feeling big hands grab at my thighs, I tried to squeeze them together but the ZAUKs pried my legs apart with relative ease! Then one of them reached in with his soap to begin stroking my defenseless pussy (SP: 20)! I couldn't hold back a whimpery moan as hot tingles crawled through my hips and up my spine. He pressed in, rubbed the sudsy bar into the soft folds of my labia, sending anxious tremors down my long legs (SP: 21-22-23).

Writhing in their clutches, I suddenly realized how slippery my skin had become thanks to the soap! I twisted one way, then the other, feeling their grip slip in the suds. They grunted in frustration as I squirmed loose and scrambled out of the middle. I sighed in relief seeing my Stim bar dropping once more (SP: 22-21-20-19-18).

I needed to figure out some kind of offensive strategy though, so I grabbed the nearest ZAUK, clinging onto his back. I slid my arms around his scrawny chest, pressing the fullness of my breasts against his back and began kissing his neck. Immediately I heard him let out a delighted gurgle. Just in my periphery I saw the word TEASE glowing. My Stim points continued to drop as he lurched in the water, clearly enjoying my tactics (SP: 17-16-15-14). Meanwhile, the other two struggled to get around him for a moment (SP: 13-12-11).

By the time they got their hands on me, the ZAUK in my clutches had gone basically limp. Still they peeled me off, overpowering my meager resistance and dragged me back to the center of the pool. I noticed their fellow roll onto his back, floating contentedly while a bright red StimP:15 flashed above his big green head. It was a short-lived satisfaction as the other two quickly wrestled me back into a fairly helpless position; arms pinned, legs flailing in the water. 

Now they began scrubbing me with the soapy rags. Their grip tightened as they rubbed and kneaded my sensitive breasts (SP: 12-13). The coarse texture of the clothe rippled over my nipples, stimulating the excitable pink nubs and filling my chest with anxious tingles (SP: 14-15). I squirmed, unable to mount any strength as they wiped down my curves and flat tummy (SP: 16-17). 

I twisted towards one of the ZAUKs, pulling him in so I could get my lips on his chest. I planted a flurry of kisses on his rubbery skin, causing him to falter momentarily and I was able to pull loose a bit. Before I could get free though, I felt the other's hands grabbing my ass! He began rubbing and kneading my plump, round cheeks with a sudsy rag, sending a distracting charge racing up my spine (SP: 18-19-20)!

Then the first readjusted his grip, cinching my arms even tighter! I whined in helpless frustration, barely able to squirm now, much less pull free! Then I gasped, feeling the rag push between my butt cheeks, before sliding down between my legs! I let out a simpering moan as he began stroking my pussy once more (SP: 25). Lightning shot through my torso making my nipples ache (SP: 26). Strong fingers massaged the plaint flesh of my smooth labia, spreading an irresistible warmth through my hips and stomach (SP: 27). Overwhelmed by the slippery sensation of the sudsy fondling, I couldn't resist spreading my legs to give him better access (SP: 28)! My head was spinning as he rubbed the soapy rag through my pussy lips and over my swollen clit (SP: 29-30!)!

A rush of hot electricity crawled up my spine, making every curve and appendage quiver in ecstasy! My hips writhed, bucking involuntarily as my pussy gushed into the warm sudsy water. I heard myself squeal and whine in abject surrender, as my body went limp in their hands.

Predictably YOUR STIM HAS BEEN MAXED OUT! Appeared before my eyes in big red letters. YOU LOSE!! Then it began listing my "cleaners": ZAUK 1 StimP: 0 (no bonus). ZAUK 2 StimP: MAXED (bonus). ZAUK 3 StimP: 3 (no bonus).  After that my Stim bar increased slightly: LEX Stim POINTS +5. Before the final declaration:  BONUS ROUND FAILED!!

I felt weak and numb as I was dunked once more to be rinsed off. Then the two ZAUKs basically dragged me out of the pool. I was on my hands and knees, sputtering for breath, as they reattached my leash. Those compliant urges flowed into my post-orgasmic brain, leaving me too submissive to even be embarrassed about having been molested into orgasmic bliss by the ZAUKs. A simple tug of the leash brought me to my feet, eager to please, and I followed my captor obediently as I was led away from the pool.

As we meandered through a network of smaller chambers, I began to hear whimpers and moaning from some of the chambers we passed. There were other ZAUKs moving past us, carrying little bundles of...of something...small and squirmy, they didn't exactly look like babies. As my mind began to clear, I remembered that I was here to be impregnated with whatever was wiggling in those bundles, and my stomach dropped.

Before I could get a good look at what they actually were, the ZAUK led me inside one of the chambers. It was small and roughly spherical. I immediately noticed a set of metal shackles bolted into the floor, and ice crawled up my spine.

"You can't be serious," I whined dejectedly.

I started to back away, wanting to run but a simple tug on the leash brought me trotting over to the chains. I turned away from the MOB in desperate frustration...and was startled to realize the cell had another occupant!

She was sitting on the floor, just behind the chamber's door, watching me with something like pity in her eyes. Like me she was completely naked, with a chain-link-collar around her neck. Hers was locked and connected to another length of chain, extending down and bolted to the floor, but her arms were free. 

The ZAUK pulled my leash again, now forcing me down onto my knees. I didn't bother resisting as he grabbed my wrists and clamped the rusty manacles around them. Then he connected the end of my leash to the bolt fastening them to the floor. Once I was chained, the MOB left and my attention returned to the other prisoner.

She was every bit the video game babe that I...that Lex was designed to be, with a cutsie face and blond hair cascading down her back, long enough to touch the floor. I thought that maybe her breasts and figure weren't quite as bodacious as mine...but what really drew my attention was her round, protruding belly!

Once the door shut and locked, she scooted closer to me. Her chain allowed for a great deal more movement than my shackles, which were only about a foot and a half long. Still trying to regain my bearings, I tested the bonds.

"They're not going to budge," she frowned. "Lex, is it?"

"I didn't think so," I murmured. "My avatar is pretty weak anyway."

I glanced up, able to see her player ID:  EYLA - BREEDER. 

"You're a player!" I gasped, relieved to find she wasn't some pregnant NPC. 

She nodded. "Yeah, Eyla."

"So even our ID card displays as 'BREEDER'!?" I groaned. "Well that's just a little extra humiliating."

"Just a little," she agreed with a chuckle. "Did you know that if the boys get captured they just go to a jail cell for a little lock picking mini-game?"

"Well that's kinda bullshit!" I snorted, trying not to dwell on the fact that that should be me right now!

"I guess maybe there's some torture involved or something," she shrugged. "But still."

"This is some game," I sighed. "Torture, rape, breeding, who the fuck designed this?"

"That's what we all want to know," she reached out and put a hand on my shoulder.

"We?"

"We...the players?" she explained.

"Right," I sank back to a seated position, feeling the still unfamiliar padding of my round booty under me. "The only other players I've met have taken me prisoner or used me as a distraction so they could get away."

She frowned. "Yeah, you'd think being trapped in a malfunctioning game would bring us together, but there's still a bunch of assholes running around out there."

"Apparently," I groaned. "So...I can't help but ask..." My eyes dropped pointedly to her stomach.

"It's okay," Eyla looked down and caressed her swollen tummy. "Actually this is my third time... I lost round one the first time, but then Draknut has beaten me twice."

I groaned, feeling a little sick. "So they're completely serious about..."

"The breeding part of the breeding pits?" She half grinned. "Afraid so."

"Fuck," I groaned. 

"It's not that bad, actually," she went on. "A little weird, sure, but the pregnancy only takes a couple days, and then-"

"I don't want to know!" I cut her off. I wasn't ready to try wrapping my brain around getting pregnant, much less having to give birth to baby alien. "Sorry...not trying to be rude, just not sure I'm ready for all that."

"I understand," she chuckled. "So I guess you've never been pregnant IRL either?"

"Obviously not!" I snapped a little too quickly. "I mean," glancing down at my body I realized it wasn't so obvious. "No, I haven't."

"Ok."

"So is Draknut really that tough?"

"Yeah? But I may not be the best judge," she said. "My avatar's specialty is hand-to-hand fighting but I'm actually kinda weak at the sex stuff, so it's extra tough for me."

"Oh, really?"

"Yeah," Eyla blushed. "Raised by celibate monks to be a warrior, so apparently I'm inexperienced and all pent up or something. I have a low Stim bar and I max super easy."

"That's the exact opposite of me," I said. "I'm a bounty hunter who uses my, uh, feminine wiles to get close to my targets before taking them in. So far, all my skills revolve around seduction and sex."

"Sounds like you're quite the little slut?" Eyla teased.

"Yeah, that's me," I groaned, but couldn't help chuckling a little, it felt good. "I can't do any damage up close though, like at all."

"That's great!"

"Yeah, it's super great," I rolled my eyes. "Who needs CQC when every enemy just want to rape me?"

"I'm actually being kinda serious," Eyla explained. "Maybe you'll be able to do better than me in the stim battles, and then you can get us both out of here!"

"Can...can I do that?"

"Everything else is so interactive," Eyla explained. "I assume players can rescue each other."

"I hadn't really thought of that," I admitted. "I guess since the rest of this twisted game seems designed just to victimize the girls, I just assumed that it'd leave us pretty much on our own down here too."

"Well, there's no way to escape on our own without going through the Stim Battles," she shrugged. "So you might be right. I have been hoping my boyfriend would figure out a way to come rescue me, but I have no idea what even happened to him after I was captured."

"You were in here with your boyfriend?" I gasped.

"Yeah, he's the one who talked me into playing this damn game after a friend emailed him about it," she explained. "It was a blast at first, we had already played through Cirkon before even realizing there was a problem with the logout."

"Really? So, have you completed any of the other levels?" I asked. "Or did you come here after Cirkon too?"

"Oh definitely not, this is supposed to be one of the tougher levels!" she said. "We went to Planet Jeotania second, that's where everyone goes to grind up levels. There's a city there, with all kinds of side missions and bonus games. What level are you?"

"Three," I murmured. 

"Oh."

I could tell from the look on her face that was probably too low for Sonhadra. My heart sank, finally realizing why I'd gotten my butt kicked so completely back on the train. 

"Guess I'm pretty screwed whether we escape the pits or not then?" I sighed.

"Don't worry about that for now," she replied. "Just focus on getting through these next two stim battles!"

"Yeah, great," I groaned. "Just out-fuck a couple of alien monsters and we're in the clear!"

"I know," Eyla laughed. "But if you can do that, and get me out of here, I can help you clear this level."

I nodded, staring down at my rusty manacles. Eyla's laughter sounded a little forced. Was she really the optimistic type, or just trying to keep things positive? Glancing at her pregnant belly, I decided either was both admirable and appreciated.
