 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. Before we get started, I would also just like to send out a huge THANKS to everyone who is leaving such positive feedback and comments! It means so much to me! And THANK YOU to everyone who is reading and enjoying this series, Lex and I are so excited having you along for the ride! And if you're new here, thanks for reading and please enjoy! ~Karin Mac)

2-4: The Boss's Pit

The Zauknoid audience booed my victory enthusiastically.

Leaning against the stockade, feeling my achy slit leak hot juices down my quivering legs, I had a hard time disagreeing. I had been trapped in that device mere moments before, but without it now, I would have collapsed right there. 

I could feel the weight of my breasts heaving as I struggled to catch my breath and calm my nerves. Brushing damp green hair back from my face, I tried to remind myself just how relieved I would be once my head cleared. However, at that moment, my mind was still buzzing with orgasmic energy, swimming in a soup of submissive urges pumped in by the game and fogged by the INTELLIGENCE penalty from having my PAIN maxed out, so there was no quelling my disappointment. In fact, hanging on the verge of my fourth climax after Draknut had failed to impregnate me, I was having a hard time even remembering I was supposed to be a man.

"Well done, BREEDER!" The Pit Boss congratulated me.

"G-go to hell," I gasped meekly.

He smirked, reaching out to reattach the leash to my chain-link-collar. "Actually, we Zaunkoid do not believe in an afterlife."

"Because you're all soulless computer programs?"

The Pit Boss looked at me with cold, oval eyes as the gray bristles of his goatee lifted in what seemed to be a knowing grin. He gave the leash a tug and my mind flooded with an irresistible compulsion to obey. I came to him in abject compliance, and his grin widened showing a row of pointed teeth. It was almost like he was trying to illustrate my so-called-soul's susceptibility to his computer program.

I knew the Pit Boss was an NPC, unlike the ZAUK soldiers who were basic MOBs. That meant he could think and react outside of a set program pattern...but was his AI that advanced? Usually even NPC's were programed to ignore any direct reference to their programming.

Standing there with his cold red glare slithering over my naked female body, I was swept by a fresh sense of vulnerability. Knowing I couldn't fight or resist him in any way, especially with the leash keeping me submissive and docile, I couldn't help but drop my own gaze in deference. I wrapped one arm across my chest, dropping the other to cover my prim mound, hoping that a bit of modesty might counteract those callow feelings.

"Come, BREEDER," the Pit Boss said, clearly enjoying the sight of me wilting before him. "You've earned another dip in the bathing pools!"

Another tug of the leash and I trotted obediently after him. The few hundred ZAUKs surrounding the pit jeered and ogled as I passed. As we crossed into the dimly lit tunnel at the back of the arena, I was beginning to feel my strength return. 

"No one warned me Draknut would have tentacles," I said, my head clearing as the STAMINA and INTELLIGENCE penalties ended. "So what's this CHAMPION like?"

The Pit Boss walked briskly, tugging my leash periodically to make sure I kept up. "He is the most virile and fertile of the Sonhadran Zauknoids!"

"Sonhadran Zauknoids?" I echoed. "So the Breeding Pits are different for each level, er world, huh?" It seemed obvious, but hadn't occurred to me before.

"There are Zauknoids on most planets, yes," he agreed. "With their own Breeding Pits."

This realization started me wondering about the other creatures I'd encountered in this game. The creepy bug men back in Birtle's dungeon for example, what would have happened to me if they had maxed out my Stim Points?? On second thought, maybe I didn't want to know!

He led me back to the cavern with the hot spring bathing pools. where I had failed a bonus round the day before. While I didn't relish the idea of trying to resist being molested by a group of horny ZAUKs, I knew I needed to do better today. Something told me I was going to need the extra Stim Point bonuses when I faced the Breeding Pits' CHAMPION.

"Everybody out!" the Pit Boss thundered, dragging me down to the pool side. "Out you slime!"

The six or seven ZAUKs meandering about, jumped as if they'd been startled and then quickly scurried out of the room. 

"What's going on?" I asked, turning to find the Pit Boss leering at me.

"I must say, BREEDER," he hissed, licking his lips. "After watching you the last two days, you truly are one hot piece of ass!"

BATHING POOL - BONUS ROUND 2 suddenly appeared in the air over his head. RESIST THE PIT BOSS FOR BONUS STIM POINTS!!

Shit.

He yanked me forward and I couldn't resist practically falling into his arms. I squirmed, helpless as his spindly limbs enfolded me. Rough fingers tickled up the back of my neck, snagging a handful of hair and jerking my head back. Was he going to kiss me? 

"I've been dying to taste you since you first arrived!" he groaned.

"Ugh! Hands off you piece of slime-uulk!" A snakelike tongue slithered over his pointy teeth and into my mouth mid-protest. 

I squealed in disgust, feeling his slimy tongue writhing against mine! He moaned hungrily, letting it squirm over my lips, before licking the side of my face. My stomach twisted into a knot, but I couldn't push away. Skinny as he was, I still wasn't a match for his strength. As the feel of his tongue on my skin sent shivers down my spine, he reached up to unclip the leash. Then he shoved me backwards into the pool!

I plunged in with a surprised yelp. As good as the warm water felt, I came up quick, trying to stay focused. I still needed those bonus Stim Points!

"It's been some time since a BREEDER made it past Draknut," the Pit Boss said from the edge of the pool. "That's what I'm supposed to say," suddenly his face twitched awkwardly. "But there's something special about you!" 

"Oh really?" I asked. "And what's that?"

He removed his coveralls, tossing them away and revealing his spindly body. He was taller than me and built like one of the ALPHA Zauknoids, huge groping hands, long arms and torso, with a prominent green cock between his stubby legs. I backed away as he sank into the water with me.

"You're not like the rest," he went on. 

"What do you mean? How am I not like the rest? The rest of who?"

His face did that twitchy thing again. "I simply must have you before the CHAMPION breeds you!"

As he came forward, I knew what I had to do but hated the idea. It was tough enough getting used to this feminine body without having to play seductress in these sexual encounters. Unfortunately, those were the only skills and attributes LEX seemed to have.

I let the Pit Boss back me up against the side of the pool. When he reached out for me, I slipped under those big hands and threw my arms around his neck. Using my TEASE skill, I latched onto his neck, kissing and sucking at his rubbery flesh. I sensed a little shiver crawl through his shoulders, as his arms wrapped around my hourglass figure. 

"I'll admit," he murmured. "I did not expect you to be so receptive!"

I moaned against his neck, running my tongue from his clavicle, up his throat, to what passed for a chin on these aliens. He shifted in my arms, big hands crawling down my back to grab my ass. I still wasn't used to having a such a big, round booty, so I was keenly aware of my firm fullness in his grip. He squeezed tightly, sending a little tremble down the backs of my thighs. He pulled me closer, and I instinctively wrapped my legs around him.

As I was distracted nibbling on his neck, the Pit Boss pressed my back against the side of the pool. His hands left my backside, sliding up along my hourglass curves to my chest. I realized too late, grabbing at his wrist just as his grip closed around my tits! He pushed me back, squeezing the fleshy orbs and when his rough thumbs swiped over my nipples a starburst of tingles filled my chest making me gasp!

TEASE BLOCKED flashed before my eyes. Crap, didn't realize that could happen!

As his grip tightened on my firm flesh, warmth flushed through my chest and my Stim bar began to climb (SP: 1-2). He continued playing with my nipples, teasing them into hard pink nubs (SP:3-4-5). My neck and cheeks flushed hotly and I had to swallow a moan as he fondled me (SP:6-7-8).

"Nice tits!" he groaned. "The nicest tits!" 

Feeling my sensitive nipples rolling between his fingers sent a wave of heat cascading down my stomach, ending in a needy quiver between my thighs (SP:9-10-11). Caressing his sinewy arms, I tried to pull his hands away. He basically ignored the feeble effort, and I couldn't hold back a moan as he responded by kneading my plump bulbs even more firmly (SP:12-13-14). 

Keeping me pinned against the side of the pool, the Pit Boss lifted my left breast to his mouth. Leaning down, he clamped his bristly goatee around my stiff, defenseless nipple (SP: 15). Feeling his sharp teeth nipping the delicate nub sent butterflies dancing through my stomach (SP: 16-17). Then his slimy tongue swirled around the sensitive areola flooding my chest with achy tingles (SP: 18-19). Whimpering and squirming, I was helpless as he switched to my right breast, driving me crazy all over again (SP: 20-21-22-23-24)!

I was moaning shrilly as his teeth and tongue continued to torment my rosy bud (SP:25). Even in the warm water, I could feel my pussy getting slick and slippery as my legs quivered against his sides (SP: 26-27). 

Did he have me already? That easily?? Even though I had just been thoroughly plowed by Draknut in the arena, part of me was aching for the Pit Boss to fuck me now too!

Twisting desperately, I forced myself to squirm out of his grasp. His big hands groped after me, but I thrashed and kicked, slipping away. I swam to the far side of the pool, gasping a few calming breaths (SP: 26-25-24). 

"Where are you going?" he barked. "I know you were enjoying that!" 

"N-no, no way!" I lied, pushing sopping green hair out my face (SP: 23-22-21-20). "How could I ever enjoy being with a freaky alien like you!" I glanced over his head: PIT BOSS StimP: 12.

"Come back here and I'll show you how!" he grinned, lunging for me.

I ducked out of the way, but his limbs were too long and snagged me by the arm (SP: 19-18-17). I tried to pull free, but he yanked, dunking me under the water. I came up sputtering and disoriented, but at least my Stim Points continued to drop (SP: 16-15-14). I hadn't lost yet!

Big yet...I thought as he pulled me back in.

Now with my back to his chest, his arms snaked around my body pinning mine to my sides. One hand went straight back to my breast, squeezing the fleshy orb firmly (SP: 16-15-16). The other hand reached down, pushing between my thighs to grab my pussy (SP: 17). He began to knead my smooth, pliant labia, while doing the same to my firm, round boob (SP: 20). Warm electricity crawled up my spine, arching between his two fondling hands. I felt him spreading my lips to stroke my sensitive clit, at the same moment his fingers seized my stiff, achy nipple (SP: 25)! 

I moaned loudly, quivering in his arms and melting against his body. Fuck he was good! I didn't stand a chance...

I could feel one finger sliding through my slippery petals, searching for a soft spot. I knew if he got that digit inside me, it'd be all over! So once again, I summoned my will power and twisted, writhing out of his grip! I retreated to the opposite side of the pool, this time hearing him splash after me (SP: 24-23-22).

I maneuvered out of his way just as he pounced (SP: 21-20-19)! I was surprised and more than a little impressed at just how smoothly my feminine curves seemed to glide through the water (SP: 18-17-16). Feeling like I'd found something of a rhythm, I was able to keep away from the Pit Boss now using my high AGILITY score (SP: 15-14-13-12-11). We splashed around, playing the tensest game of cat and mouse I'd ever been involved in (SP: 10-9-8-7-6). 

Eventually, he learned my pattern and outsmarted me, feigning a lunge only to snag me as I dodged the wrong direction. I thrashed and writhed, feeling so stupid for letting him catch me! He quickly overpowered me. Hearing my feminine whines somehow made me feel even more helpless as he dragged me back to the side, shoving me chest first over the edge.

"Let me go!" I squealed impotently.

He grabbed my left wrist, twisting that arm behind my back to hold me in place. His free hand reached straight between my legs, and before I could so much as squirm in protest, he shoved his long, thick finger into my vagina (SP: 8)! I whimpered, feeling each knuckle slide all the way inside me (SP: 9-10-11). He thrust twice, making me moan each time (SP: 12).

"See," he gloated, wiggling his finger inside me (SP: 13). "You do like this!"

I whined in frustrated denial, unable to keep my body from quivering around his penetrating digit. I knew it was over as he started pumping that finger in and out of me (SP: 14). I could feel his erection brushing my thigh as he fingerbanged me (SP: 15). It was just a matter of time before he stuck it in and fucked me silly!

Realizing his dick was pressed against my right thigh, I reached back with my free arm and grabbed it! Instantly, the Pit Boss groaned, and his grip loosened slightly. I squeezed gently and began to stroke, gasping softly as his finger slid out of my cooch. I sensed his strength draining and freed my other arm. His hardon swelled in my hand, and he became incredibly responsive. Using his cock like a handle, I turned and guided the Pit Boss against the side of the pool, then up so he was sitting on the edge.

The heat from his erection permeated my soft palm, racing up my arm and making my mouth water. I maneuvered between his legs, and without waiting or teasing, devoured his big green cock (SP: 17)!

Not nearly so massive as Draknut, the Pit Boss slid easily to the back of my throat, gagging me (SP: 18). I pulled back, sucking as I did and savoring the long moan this drew from him (SP: 19). Closing my plump lips around his rigid shaft, I began to bob my head, only errantly noticing BLOWJOB begin to glow in my periphery. The thick member continued swelling against my tongue, spreading my jaw a bit wider (SP: 20). The heat from his erection blushed my cheeks, and I grew more eager, bobbing and sucking excitedly (SP: 21-22-23-24-25)!!

The Pit Boss fell back, moaning loudly and coating my mouth in precum (SP: 26). The taste sent a rush through my torso that left my nipples aching and my pussy gushing (SP: 27). I moaned with his cock still in my mouth and the reverberation caused his hips to buck, forcing his cock down my throat and gagging me again (SP: 28-29). I pulled back, gasping a breath and sputtering on the thick web of precum and saliva streaming from my lips. 

As I swallowed the stiff green rod once more, I felt his legs tremble against my sides (SP: 30). Absorbing his energy, my curvy figure shivered in response, making me moan and gag as I deepthroated his rock-hard cock again (SP: 31).

I no longer cared that my Stim Points were about to max and I was about to lose the bonus. I only wanted his cum! Draknut may have denied me, but the Pit Boss would not!

Gripping his hips in my dainty hands, I pushed down sliding his cock into my throat and gagging (SP: 32). I did it again, feeling the veiny, rigid shaft glide over my velvety tongue as he plunged down my throat (SP: 33). I gagged, whining desperately for my reward! Sucking hungrily, I drove down, gagging again as his dick filled my tight little throat. I gagged around the smooth head, pressing down to hold it in my warm, yielding throat as long as I could! 

The Pit Boss shuddered beneath me, sending a quiver through his cock that tickled my esophagus and gagged me one last time. Finally he moaned, spraying hot cum down my throat! The sensational burst of heat in my chest sent an orgasmic rush through my body, making me climax as well! As I pulled back to gasp for breath, he filled my mouth with warm, salty, sticky, delicious ooey gooey cum! I swallowed my mouthful of spunk gratefully and sank back into the delightfully warm pool to catch my breath. 

As I floated on my back, head still buzzing blissfully, an unexpected message appeared above me: THE PIT BOSS STIM POINTS HAVE BEEN MAXED OUT!! Followed by the surprising but more than welcome: YOU WIN!!  Then LEX STIM POINTS +15  And finally: BONUS ROUND COMPLETED!!

My Stim Bar flashed red 34 then cleared (SP: 0). I had thought for sure he had me! I guess I assumed his max was too high for me to catch up, even with my BLOWJOB doing double Stim Points. Wait! What even was his max?

The Pit Boss was already crawling towards his coveralls when I looked at the already fading: PIT BOSS StimP: 0. Guess, I missed it. Oh well, by tomorrow I'd be facing The CHAMPION and hopefully be on my way out!

"Well...well...well done, BREEDER," he groaned, pulling his clothes back on. "Now, come here to be leashed...you've certainly earned your rest this evening!"

"I'm getting real sick of being called 'breeder'," I pouted in the middle of the pool. 

Sure, I hadn't been a woman for that long, but the objectification of this game was already wearing on me. It was bad enough that everything in this game seemed designed to molest or otherwise sexually exploit me, being stuck in a section trying to forcefully impregnate me was even more degrading.

"I say so with the utmost respect," he balked. "Breeding young ZAUKs is an honor and a privilege!"

"Not to me!"

"No, I suppose not," his face did that weird twitch again, it almost looked like he was trying to hold back his words. "Would you prefer sow or broodmare?"

I didn't bother to respond, just kept pouting.

Stepping to the edge of the pool, the Pit Boss held out my leash. "If I have to come in and get you," he began, his face twitched weirdly again, then split in a sharp toothed smile. "I'll get to punish you."

What was up with his face? Some kind of glitch? Regardless, I didn't want to find out what kind of punishment would be in store for me, so I swam over and climbed out of the pool.

"There's a good, sow," he said, clipping the leash back on. "This way!"

As he led me through the tunnels back to my cell, I realized I still had the taste of his cock in my mouth. Outside the heat of the moment, with my Stim Bar zeroed, I couldn't help but wonder what was happening to me. My stomach twisted with guilt, and it was like I could feel his warm load still sloshing around in there. I'd been so willing, eager even, did I really enjoy sucking cock this much? Or was this game getting that deep in my head? 

The more I thought about it, the murkier things seemed to get. I was feeling pretty confused and despondent by the time we reached the cell. I walked in without even looking for Eyla and knelt dejectedly at my manacles. 

"It seems you're learning your place, sow," the Pit Boss gloated, stooping to bind me. "It is easier this way," he assured, locking the shackles around my wrists. "And after you mate with the CHAMPION tomorrow, you will certainly be the pits' prized broodmare!"
