 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. Before we get started, I would also just like to send out a huge THANKS to everyone who is leaving such positive feedback and comments! It means so much to me! And THANK YOU to everyone who is reading and enjoying this series, Lex and I are so excited having you along for the ride! And if you're new here, thanks for reading and please enjoy! ~Karin Mac)

2-5: Tunnel Chase

I had no hope of resisting. The CHAMPION had me pinned down with all four of his powerful arms, and both of his massive cocks were already buried deep inside me. He had effortlessly maxed out my Stim Points and now I was trapped in his breeding cycle. Even without the fact that my strength score was uselessly low, my mind was totally overwhelmed by the submissive urges being incepted by the game.

I was so lost in the sensation of the hot hard dick pounding my pussy, that I could barely even remember, and didn't exactly care, that I was supposed to be a man. Orgasmic energy pulsed through my curvaceous body with every thrust. An irresistible pressure crawled up my spine as another rigid cock throbbed in my ass. I was moaning, squealing and begging for more as he plowed me into the dirt floor of the Breeding Pit! My body stretched around his driving members, electrified as they seemed to plunge deeper and deeper! All the while, watching helplessly as his DOUBLE PENETRATION ability quickly maxed out my Preggers bar (PREGGERS: 22-24-26-28-30!)

I heard him growl in triumphant ecstasy, ramming his twin cocks into me so deep and hard it stole my breath! I felt a hot, wet gush as he filled me with cum! The sudden rush of warmth made my head spin and the intense pressure sent an electrifying wave of orgasmic energy shuddering through every curve on my body. 

"Oh my god! Oh YES!" It was still weird to hear myself squeal and moan in that distinctly feminine register. "Fill me up, my CHAMPION!"

I squirmed against the tight grip of his four big hands, mewling as both dicks pumped hot spunk into my ass and cunt. I felt the spurt and drip as my holes overflowed and cum oozed down my backside. Then there was an odd pressure, almost a spreading sensation as something firm and solid pushed through my vagina into my womb!

When the CHAMPION finally pulled out of me, every nerve and muscle in my body seemed to go numb all at once. I slumped onto the ground, gasping and nearly delirious. As my orgasmic tingling began to subside, I curled into a fetal position. I could feel something inside me, a warm, hard fullness, almost like there was a small round object lodged in...oh god, had he implanted an egg inside me?

YOUR PREGGERS BAR HAS BEEN MAXED! Appeared above me. BREEDER STIM BATTLE - 3/3  followed by the inevitable: YOU LOSE!! And then finally big red letters reading: YOU HAVE BEEN IMPREGNATED BY The CHAMPION!!

I could hear the Zauknoid audience roaring in approval as their gold skinned CHAMPION paraded before them, pumping four fists victoriously in the air. As my senses returned, I pushed up on my hands and knees. It was humiliating, watching him march triumphantly around the arena with his cum still dripping from ass and pussy.

I glanced at Crowther, bound and hanging on the X-frame across the pit. So much for our escape plan. It was hard to read the expression on his gagged face, somewhere between pity and disappointment. Realizing he had watched everything that had just happened to me brought a fresh sense of shame and I dropped my face into my dainty hands. 

Hearing footsteps behind me, I started to turn but before I could do more than glance around, I was grabbed by a pair of big green hands! They pulled me up off my knees, and I found myself gazing up at the Pit Boss. He grabbed a handful of my green hair and yanked my head back. I let out an embarrassingly shrill yelp as he clipped the leash back onto the chain-link-collar around my neck!

"No!" I whined, grabbing at the leash far too lately.

He gave one simple tug, a wave of obedience crashed over my mind and my hands dropped to my sides. The corner of his bristly goatee lifted slightly as I wilted under the glare of his emotionless oval eyes. 

"It is done," his voice seemed to carry a hint of disappointment. "You will now take your place and become a proud mother of ZAUKs!"

On cue, a new notification began to glow yellow at the periphery of my vision: PREG. 

I hung my head as another wave of humiliation rolled over me. The word "mother" wasn't even supposed to be applicable to me. I was supposed to be a male, but now I was trapped in this female body, being used as breeding stock by an all-male race of aliens! Game or not, this was all so degrading.

After my stunning defeat and impregnation, I further realized I'd be used this way, over and over and over... just like Eyla. Despite my success in the first two rounds, I hadn't stood a chance against the CHAMPION. How would I ever? I couldn't maintain TEASE with four arms grabbing me, his FACEFUCK ability countered my BLOWJOB skill, and I had no way to withstand his DOUBLE PENETRATION. I was going to be trapped in these Breeding Pits as long as I was trapped in this game!

"Your CHAMPION is like an SNK Boss," I murmured, trying to ignore the growing tightness in my chest. 

"He is your CHAMPION, as well," the Pit Boss grinned, displaying a mouthful of needle-like teeth that sent a chill down my spine. "...if I heard you right."

"I mean," I growled trying to hide my blush. "He doesn't play by the same rules...he's just going to impregnate me every time, isn't he?"

The Pit Boss pulled me closer and I came to him obediently. I noticed his face twitching slightly as he reached down and caressed my lower belly with a long gangly hand. We both felt the growing warmth within. 

"You belong to the ZAUKs now, BREEDER."

That word made my stomach tighten around the hardness filling my womb. Before I'd always taken it as an insult or maybe a threat, but now that there was a larval Zauknoid growing inside my body... I was a BREEDER... 

Two normal ZAUKs approached and the Pit Boss began giving them instructions regarding Crowther. 

I didn't pay attention, instead fighting down the panic swelling through my chest. I wasn't even supposed to have a womb, and now a gross alien tadpole was going to grow inside mine. Then I was going to have to give birth to it!

Eventually the Pit Boss tugged the leash and began leading me towards the back of the arena. I looked up at him and noticed he was still wearing the key to my collar. A very slim ray of hope beamed.

I glanced back at Crowther. Since I'd been distracted during their conversation, I wasn't sure what would happen to him. I still wasn't sure I trusted him, and he hadn't done much to instill my confidence so far. I couldn't do anything to help him just then anyway, but if I could get the key and rescue Eyla, then we could go after Crowther together! 

I followed the Pit Boss, mind filled with compulsory obedience and feeling my boobs jiggling with each step. I crossed my arms over my chest, providing a bit of support and to cover up a little. I still hadn't adjusted to the curves and sways of my female body, so I was hyperaware of my constant nakedness. That small embarrassment seemed to compound my submissive mindset. I felt more and more like the vulnerable young woman I looked like, and with that damn leash dominating my mind, getting that key began to seem like an impossible task. As long as the Pit Boss held my leash, I was just a powerless broodmare. 

As we left the pit, he took me a different direction than usual. Instead of heading back towards the cell I shared with Eyla, we veered through a narrow passage to the left. 

"Where are you taking me?" I asked.

"To a safe birthing chamber," the Pit Boss responded.

"But, Eyla gave birth in our chamber."

"After your attempted escape today," he snarled. "It seems unwise to put you two back together."

"Oh, I see," I murmured hanging my head. "Keep us separate, keep us docile..."

"Perhaps when you have both fully accepted your roles as BREEDERs," the Pit Boss almost sounded almost apologetic. "I will allow you share a birthing chamber with your friend again."

When I glanced up, he quickly looked away, but I saw his face doing that glitchy-twitch again. Before I could say anymore, he dragged me into another roughly hewn cell. 

It wasn't much different from the one I'd shared with Eyla; twenty feet or so, roughly spherical with chains and manacles hanging from the wall. I still couldn't resist as the Pit Boss led me to one of the longer chains and attached it to my collar. I tugged at the chain, knowing it'd be more than enough to hold me, but at least I'd be able to move around this time. 

"So what happens now?" I asked sullenly.

"You will grow and birth a strong young Zauknoid," he replied, unclipping my leash and stepping back.

My eyes drifted downward, lingering on the key around his neck. I had to get it! "And then I face the CHAMPION in the pit again?"

"Yes," that hint of disappointment returned to his voice. "The CHAMPION takes great pride in fertilizing the few BREEDERs who reach him."

"And what about you," I asked. "Will it be a three way every time?"

"No, not now..." he trailed off, his face twitching.

"Then why was it today?" I crossed my arms under my breasts and tried subtly to push them up and towards him.

"I...I have wanted you, s-since you arrived," his gaze dipped towards my chest.

"Because I'm special, right?" I tried to put a sultry edge in my voice and cocked my hips to accentuate my feminine figure. "That's what you said when you changed the rules: 'special breeding'..."

"Y-yes," his face was twitching hard. "But now you're bearing the CHAMPION's seed and you will no doubt birth strong ALPHA's, bringing great strength to the ZAUKs!"

"You could have me now." I walked to the end of the chain, switching my hips from side to side. Feeling the grace in their roll even gave me a little charge! My own eyes dropped to his cock and part of me imagined how warm and hard it would feel in my hand, how good it would feel thrusting into me!

Blinking those kinds of thoughts away, the other part of me lifted my eyes to his and licked my lips. They felt plump and pillowy under my tongue. For some reason the Pit Boss thought I was special and seemed to want something more from me. Maybe if I gave it to him, he'd be distracted enough for me to grab the key and get free. I was the seductress after all, wasn't I?

"You want me to accept my place as a breeder," I purred. "You can teach me..."

Finally, the Pit Boss came forward. I reached out to wrap my arms around his neck and get my hands on that key... but he grabbed my wrists and shoved me back against the wall! Without the leash connected to my collar, there was no flood of submissive urges, but the Pit Boss was still much stronger than me. He pulled my arms above my head, crossing my wrists and pinning them in place with one hand. Instinctively, I tried to pull loose but I was far too weak. 

I grit my teeth against a little rush of frustration, reminding myself this was part of my role as seductress. I didn't have brute strength, I had wits, charm and a rocking body. The plan wasn't to hold him down and take the key. I had to be patient, use my vulnerability to draw him in, get him to drop his guard! 

I squealed in surprise when his free hand grabbed my breast and a starburst of sensation rippled through my chest (SP: 5)! He kneaded my firm orb gingerly, making me absolutely writhe as wave after wave of scintillating tingles flowed through my torso (SP: 6-7-8). I moaned loudly, changing pitch and tremor for every squeeze and twist as he fondled me (SP: 9-10).

He grinned, playing me like an instrument before sliding his thumb over my stiffening nipple. My mouth dropped open as he began rubbing my sensitive areola in an agonizingly slow circle (SP: 11). I trembled, breath caught in my throat, gazing up into his ovular eyes and wordlessly begging as his teasing quickly became tortuous (SP: 12). 

"Yes, quite responsive," he said in mocking appraisal. "Your breasts are extremely sensitive, aren't they?" Mouth still gaping, I could only offer a shuddery nod. "Good, tomorrow you'll be ready to be milked."

"M-muh-milked?!" I whimpered through trembling lips. I hadn't even considered that possibility! Eyla hadn't mentioned anything like that. Of course, I had cut her off not wanting to hear about the entire process. Now I was about to live it.

I noticed the PREG status notification, glowing a deeper yellow now.

"It will become a regular part of your life as a BREEDER," he said, pinching my nipple between his thumb and finger (SP:13). "Your children will be born with a full set of teeth," he explained, gnashing his own needles as a visual aid. "As you can imagine this makes breast feeding quite impossible, as these delectable little udders would be shredded beyond repair!"

I couldn't help but imagine the squirmy green larva sinking his fangs into my boob! I winced, a chill racing up my spine.

"That's right," he grinned seeing my reaction. "And a prized mare like you should be treated much more...delicately..."

I trembled, biting my lip to keep from whimpering as he rolled my captured nipple back and forth between his thumb and finger (SP: 14). Anxious heat rose through my chest, chasing away the fearful chill and flushing my neck and cheeks. He began to stroke and pull on the firm rosy nub, and I began gasping and moaning at each firm tug (SP: 15-16-17).

"You will likely give birth in two days," he went on. "So tomorrow you will need to be milked, and the milk saved to feed your baby." My nipple ached, swelling between his fingers as he continued tugging on it (SP: 18-19). "And if size and sensitivity is any indication, you'll provide an extra full portion!"

His big hand tightened around my breast, triggering a starburst of anxious sparks that left every curve on my body shivering. He held me firmly in place, squeezing tightly, kneading the firm mound until I groaned and white liquid trickled from my swollen nipple (SP: 20)! My knees quivered together as a matching wetness pooled between my thighs.

"Oooh!" the Pit Boss leaned forward, his long tongue swirling over my leaking nipple (SP:21) as he lapped up the milk. "Quite delicious!"

I couldn't believe how sensitive my tits were as he continued to grope me. Feeling his rough fingers curled around my plump orb sent electricity racing through my chest (SP: 22). I moaned shrilly as his tight grip coaxed more of the white liquid from my nipple (SP: 23). I'm not sure which was stranger, seeing my chest producing milk, or watching his slimy alien tongue lick it off my breasts!

I slumped against the wall gasping for breath as erotic energy set my heart pounding. Another tremor crawled down my long legs as I felt the slickness between them.

"So delicious," the Pit Boss was licking his lips, even as they twitched. "Makes me wonder how the rest of you tastes!"

"The rest of me!?" I gasped even as his hand dropped from my tit to my pussy! His thick fingers slid through my slit, coating themselves in my wetness (SP: 24). "Hey...wait a sec..." I whimpered as he spread me wide open and stroked the silky folds of my labia. I couldn't hold back a tremulous moan or keep myself from melting as he pushed two thick fingers inside me (SP: 25). He pumped me twice and my pussy gushed in obedient response (SP: 26-27).

"The rest of you..." He withdrew his fingers, lifting them to his mouth and licking them clean of my juices! "So very delicious!"

My head was buzzing. So much so I couldn't seem to form any words...not that he waited for me to speak. Before I knew it, I was on my back with the Pit Boss spreading my legs. I wasn't quite sure what he wanted but I knew I was going to give it to him! He leaned down and I felt his tongue slither though my slit! An electric current surged up my spine making me whimper as my entire bottom half shook (SP: 30). 

I felt his hands on the backs of my thighs, pushing my legs up and splaying my cunt wide open. He nipped at my delicate petals with those needle-like teeth, holding me in place when I jumped and squirmed. Then his slimy tongue slid between my pussy lips, squirming against the silky flesh as an irresistible heat rushed through my torso (SP:31). I moaned loudly, feeling the tip pushing in to find my clit (SP: 34)!

My pussy continued to gush as the snake-like tongue writhed over my button (SP: 35). I quivered in response as scintillating tingles danced through my hips and down my legs (SP: 36). I could feel my clit swelling against his squirming tongue, somehow becoming even more sensitive as he began to tease my hot little nub ruthlessly (SP: 37). He lapped and slurped, sending shockwaves of pleasure surging through me (SP: 38-39), even nipping the vulnerable node with those sharp teeth (SP: 40) and laughing when I yelped anxiously. 

Pushing my knees down against my side, he dragged his tongue through my pussy, sending a bolt of lightning up my spine. I moaned pleadingly, feeling every curve shake. He did it again and again, lapping at my electrified cunt, keeping me pinned no matter how hard each lick made me buck (SP: 41-42). 

Finally done teasing me, his tongue slid down through my soaked pussy lips and slithered into my vagina (SP: 44). I squealed feeling his tongue coiled inside me, writhing slickly against my walls and turning my insides into molted lead (SP: 47). His lips engulfed my pussy, sucking urgently at my gushing juices, even as his tongue squirmed deeper inside me (SP: 48). Sharp teeth scraped and teased the delicate folds of my labia (SP: 49). I could feel him wiggling and sliding through my pussy, triggering pulses of orgasmic energy (SP: 50!).

My legs kicked and spasmed as the building pressure released all at once! The scintillating rush surged through me as I climaxed, screaming and clutching his big, rubbery head between my trembling thighs. His tongue squirmed even deeper, coiling and wriggling inside me, making me shake and quiver, mewling as every twitch seemed to prolong the orgasm. 

My cunt flowed with hot sticky juices and it wasn't until the Pit Boss seemed to have his fill, that he finally released my legs. I sprawled on the floor, squirming and gasping. 

"Delicious," he murmured, getting to his feet. "I must go now," he said, looking down as me with a satisfied grin. "The other BREEDER will face Draknut soon."

"Eyla... Oh no..." I murmured, realizing through my orgasmic haze, she was about to find out our plan had failed...as she was taken to the pit to be impregnated once more. 

I remembered the look she'd given me just before I was taken. The fear and disgust of enduring another Zauknoid pregnancy playing clearly across her face. The shame of having let her down brought the sting of welling tears to my eyes. Likewise, remembering her anxiety brought a rush of dread for my own pregnancy. 

"Wait..." I whimpered, pushing up on my elbows. "Please, take me back there? I need to be with her. Please?"

The Pit Boss paused at the door and I noticed the key around his neck. I had forgotten about that all together!

"As I said, when you've accepted your role, BREEDER."

He shut and locked the door, leaving me chained and alone. I pushed myself back to a seated position, leaning against the wall. The day had turned out a colossal failure on every level: the escape plan being discovered, losing my Breeder Battle, letting the Pit Boss turn my attempted seduction against me. Even without the leash attached to my collar, he'd dominated me almost effortlessly. If I was going to play seductress, I had to learn how to keep my head in these situations! Maybe I wasn't the femme fatale after all, just a horny bimbo. 
