 She was lying in a meadow, surrounded by tall pine trees. She was wrapped in a sheer cream cloth, flimsy, pearly white, and nearly transparent to the point she could see the pink of her nipples, the springs of curls at her thighs. Her long brunette hair was loose and curling around her shoulders, and she was scared. She could feel it coming for her, rushing through the trees, charging to the center of the forest, to her, to her body. She knew it could smell her for miles around, the scent of her sex driving it mad.

She could hear the hooves, she saw a shadow here, heard a panting over there, and suddenly there he was, the Minotaur. From the neck down she saw a beautiful man, Achilles like in strength and stature. His neck surged into a chest and arms that could crush a man, his stomach was rigid with his steely abs, and his thighs were like tree trunks they were so thick; but the beauty stopped there. Atop his neck was the infamous bull's head. Thick, black shaggy hair, two huge horns, a bulbous nose, and large pink tongue. And what she feared and desired most was quickly rising between his manly legs. His massive cock was a huge, the girth she could see from ten feet away, was thick, aided by his bullish traits, and his balls were tight against him in anticipation of their release.

The Minotaur began to walk towards her, his rampant member leading the way and bouncing before her eyes. She was paralyzed with fear for her life, and longing for a taste of the beast before her. The Minotaur grabbed his raging cock and squeezed it's large red-purple head, letting out a huff of pleasure. Her eyes were locked on his actions, and she felt her quim tighten in heated pleasure. The beast knelt at her feet, grabbed her knees and forced them apart; she didn't know if she cried out in fear or desire for the beast. He grabbed what little was on her body and ripped it apart, his hands rapidly explored her breasts, belly and thighs before returning to her knees and pulling them apart again. 

His dark eyes, somehow human under all of that monster, locked onto hers as he bent his shaggy head to the apex of her thighs. His nose just touched the curls and he took a deep breath, filling his lungs with the scent of her arousal. She saw his cock bobbing between her thighs in urgent need of her sweet, tight, wet sheath. Suddenly scared she tried to pull away, her motions snatching his attention away from her scent. He drew her in closer, a look of warning in his eyes before he bent down once again to her opening, and oh so slowly licked her slit from bottom to top. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head from the sensation, her gasp of surprise turning to a guttural moan of pure pleasure, her hands dug into the thick grass and earth around her, trying to hold on to something. The beast's large pink tongue lolled and thickly licked her again, this time pushing in deep and playing with her a bit longer. With a sudden burst and shriek she came on the Minotaur's tongue, his ministrations drawing out the sensation with long licks to her hot cave and quick bursts to her clit, her hips slamming herself into his face.

He let her go then, but her mind in a sexual haze barely registered his absence. He returned to her body a few moments later, lying on top of her for a moment before rolling them both over. He took control of her then, moving her liquid limbs into different positions, she was moaning in sheer lust at the feel of his hands on her body. She opened her eyes and gazed at his extremely large cock in his hand that was just in front of her face. He had moved her onto his legs and was expecting a return of favor. She eagerly grabbed at his massive penis and started to avidly pump the length. Her other hand reached down and played with his bollocks, the usual short hairs there were gone, allowing her to just feel the soft wrinkly skin of his privates. Her mouth watered and she finally, timidly, peeped out her tongue and licked the bottom length of his shaft. 

The beast roared with pleasure, and she quickly took up the rhythm of licking him all over. The beast in her hands continued to grow and become more and more impossibly hard, until finally she sucked the head into her mouth. If the best roared before it was nothing like this cry of pleasure. Her mouth could only fit the head so she pumped his length quickly, then slowed and squeezed the base to extend his pleasure. The Minotaur's hands were touching her where ever they could reach, focusing as much as they could on her breasts. She took her mouth away from his cock and he took the opportunity to quickly grab her, rolled them over and place his raging cock at her entrance.

"Do it!" she cried! "Gods, fill me, I want you so desperately!" The Minotaur grabbed his cock and began to slowly fill her entrance. Oh gods, she thought, he'll kill me if he can't fit. The beast's labored breathing betrayed his concentration to not just ram himself mindlessly into the woman. 

He pushed himself in about six inches and began to pull out. The sensation took her breath away, the wide gaping hole in her body demanded to be filled by him once more. She thrust her hips up to meet his downward tilt and took him two more inches in by surprise. He pulled out again, even slower than before. The noises she was making were desperate and begging, in her womanly way demanding more of him. He toyed with her instead.

With quick small thrusts he only placed his head inside her, the girth of it just brushing against her aching clit, shocking her with every movement, but she still would only want him deeper. She tried to stab herself onto him again, but he caught her by the hips and forced her to stay still. In retaliation she reached down and grabbed as much of his as she could: his shaft, his balls, tickling his taint. He roared in pleasure, forgetting his game, and thrust fully into her.

"Gods! Yes!" she cried out. And then the wild, thrusting, hot and hard sex was taken up by both. The rhythm was fast, the breathing harsh. His massive member pounded away at her, his pelvis grinding at her clit with every plunge of his hips; her thighs were shaking with how much she was thrusting back at him, every push squeezing her muscles, squeezing his cock, bring them closer and closer to climax.

With a mutual roar of release her pussy released the sweetest sensation of coming, the muscles clenching and unclenching on his rock hard cock, her hips thrust one final time into the air; he continued to ram his cock into her body, his cum spewing from his head, gushing into her, filling her up and brimming out of her body.

With a final straining release of his cum into her, he collapsed on top of her well serviced body, his cock slowly shrinking inside her still squeezing pink. He licked the side of her neck in, saying thank you with his tongue. She held his body close, smelling their mingling sweat and sex, feeling his cock still deep inside her, running her hands through the beasts shaggy black hair.

Suddenly the hair was gone, the horns receded, and a man, fully man, was lying on her. In shock she pushed him from her body, and saw the face of a demi-god before her. He was so handsome it hurt to look upon him.

"What magic or trick is this? You are changed from beast to man?"

"It was you who allowed this," he replied, his voice deep and raspy from their sex. "I was under the curse of the Minotaur, and had to find someone willing to set me free through our mutual love making. You, goddess divine, have freed me." He kissed her then, a kiss of such sweet desire, all his thanks poured out through his lips.

His cock began to stiffen once again inside her, and with a smile and a kiss, they began the dance of love again.