 Jason Clint, now in his mother's body, and his older sister Catie stood in their mom's room looking at one another. After several minutes Catie breaks the silence "Ok mom you heard Jason we need to get dressed so you get changed while I do and then I'll help with makeup and whatever else you need." She goes to her room leaving Jason alone.

Jason stood alone not sure what to do at first. He knew he needed to change but that meant seeing his mom nude. "Ok Jason get a grip. For now this is your body and besides mom is hot so you get to see a naked hot chick big deal," he thought. He went to a mirror, "Yep she's well I guess technically its I'm hot." 

In the mirror was his mom wearing just a pink nightie. He had never looked at her this close before; she had amazing blond hair, sparkling green eyes, and pouty kissable lips. He turned away from the mirror and dropped the nightie then turned back. "Holy shit mom dad is one lucky bastard." He now saw her in all her glory; the big perky tits with pink nipples that stood out about half an inch, the flat stomach, the long toned legs, and her cute feet. "Damn mom I've never thought feet were cute before but yours are." Then there was her pussy, his gateway to the world. It has tight puffy pink lips, at the top her clit peeked out, and above it all is just a small little strip of blond hair.

He couldn't help himself looking at his mom amazing nude body turned him on so much his new pussy was dripping down his legs. He slowly reached down and touched his clit and just that small touch was stronger than any touch to cock. He rubbed it and the feeling was so intense he had to lie down or fall down. And soon he was rubbing his pussy with one hand and pulling and twisting his nipples with the other.

And that's what Catie saw when she walked back into her mom's room. "Oh my god Jason! What the fuck stop masturbating in mom's body you freak."

Between gasps and moans he talked, "Oh god sis this is so fucking good. It's so much better than jerking off. How do you women not just do this all day long?"

"Because we have self control. Now please stop it." 

"Not yet so close. Oh god I'm cummmmmmmmming!!"

Catie watched as her mom's body started shaking, her eyes rolled back in her head, her mouth was opened in a silent scream as she squirted across the bed and floor. After the orgasm stopped Jason just laid there panting. After several minutes he was able to stand, "Holy fuck that was the best thing I have ever felt in my life you girls are so lucky."

"Ok that was probably the weirdest thing in my life watching my mom masturbating and its m little brother who's really in it."

"You know something Catie?"

"What?"

"I don't think you can call me little brother any more and not because I'm in mom's body but because my boobs are bigger," he grins as he shakes his nude tits at her.

Despite herself she starts laughing, "Ok shut up and get dressed."

"Ok but you may need to help with the bra. I know how to take them of but not put them on and these puppies are bigger than any I've unwrapped."

She laughs again. "Jason I said shut up."

Jason went to the closet and picked out some clothes, he grabbed a v-neck shirt he'd seen his mom wear that showed off her belly and lots of cleavage, a lace half cup strapless bra, the matching thong, a pair of skinny jeans, and a pair of high heels. 

"Uh Jason don't you think you should maybe wear something less slutty?"

"Its my body for now so I'm going to enjoy it."

"Yeah I saw that when I came in remember?"

"Catie you forget I'm the mom now so behave or I might have to punish you," he grinned at her. 

"Yeah right."

Jason gets the thong, jeans and heels on with no problem but Catie has to help with the bra. When he was getting his sexy outfit ready he hadn't thought about walking in the heels, so when he stood up to walk he fell flat on his face. This causes Catie to break out laughing, "Yeah that was sexy Jason, though I guess it did get you on your knees so you would be ready for the guys."

"Oh shut up Catie. Yes I hadn't thought ahead when I picked the heels." He grabs a pair of tennis shoes and socks and puts them on. He walks around the room once, "Damn even just walking feels good as a chick feeling my tits jiggle and the thong rubbing on my clit. Seriously how do you not just frig yourselves all day every day?"

"Wait until your period then talk to me," she laughs.

"Ok point taken but I hope to have a cock between my legs again before that happens."

Catie gets a huge grin on her face, "You might get one between your legs you are married now remember."

"Oh god I hadn't thought of being married to dad I need to switch back now. Mom should be ready by now in my body lets go."

To be continued...