 Chapter 1: The Ship

Mira woke up confused and blind and tingling with desire. Her eyes were wide open but she saw only black. She was lying on her back, on a so-soft blanket, downy velour. She couldn't move. Her wrists and ankles were tied away from her body, so that she lay splayed and naked, legs and arms opened wide. She became aware of a stiff feather caressing her skin, starting at her arms, moving to her neck, circling her breasts, lingering on her lower belly, teasing her inner thighs, her cunt . . . The practical questions gathered in her mind, but dispersed when the feather stroked her slit. Where was she? How did she get here? She wanted to know who had abducted her, and why. She wanted to know if she was truly, permanently blind. But more than anything, she wanted to touch her pussy, and she couldn't.

The feather continued its excruciating course, and when it reached the soles of her feet, it started over. Again, and again, and again, the feather travelled over her body, lightly caressing her skin. She could hear quick, coarse breathing above her, and every now and then a few muttered words in a language she didn't recognize. Finally, the teasing ended, footsteps moved away from her, and she was left in absolute silence.

"Don't speak, girly; they'll punish you for that," said a sardonic voice. "They'll punish me too, but I don't care. So I'll just fill you in, ok? Don't talk. You're on the Tir 7 Trade Ship. You are now the property of Daro and Silerna. You will be transported to the planet Tir and auctioned off to the highest bidder---No, I said, don't speak," said the voice harshly, as Mira made a noise and began to respond. "It's hard to get used to, but the rule is: A Captive must never speak unless spoken to---ok? After a few days of eating Tiran food, you'll start to speak and understand their language. And then they'll teach you the rules and you'll understand what's happening to you." She laughed, a husky giggle. "And then, you'll panic! I'm Loraine."

Mira opened her mouth to introduce herself, but closed it again as brisk footsteps approached the room. The footsteps passed Mira and ended at the other side of the room, and a female voice spoke roughly. Mira heard a slap against bare skin, a quick gasp, more rough words, and then several loud slaps, slow and deliberate. And then Loraine's voice pleading in a strange language. And then Loraine's helpless sobs.

Sometimes large, cold hands untied her wrists and ankles, and she was lead, still naked, to a chair, where they fed her moist morsels unlike anything she'd ever eaten in her life. She chewed slowly, letting the fruity food linger on her tongue as she tried to recognize it. Once, while eating, she let the fingers of her unoccupied hand slip down to her wet pussy and begin to press and stroke her hungry little bean. Immediately, a cruel arm yanked her upward, and she felt a harsh slap on her bottom. And then another. She cried, startled. Foreign words, disdainful, remonstrated her, then pushed her back down. She felt the chair dampen beneath her.

She opened her eyes. She had no idea how many days had passed. She detected the faintest outline of shadows moving within the blackness, and she wondered if her vision was beginning to return. Mira lay on her stomach this time, her cheek and breasts and belly and thighs pressing against the downy blanket. Above her head, her wrists were bound together with scratchy rope that burned her skin when she tried to move. A hand stroked her back. The fingers were warm, soft as water, with an insistent touch. 

"These Captives get lovelier every year," said a voice like a sweet, seductive cello. "Look at this one---such thick, black, silky hair." The hand lovingly touched her head. "Breasts like ripe bandy fruit . . ." The fingers stroked the plump edges of Mira's breasts where they bulged out from under her body. "Buttocks round and ready for fucking . . ." Two hands caressed Mira's ass. Mira moaned. She felt warm oil on her back, and the roomed filled with an intoxicating scent, like almonds, mangoes, and cum. The sweet voice laughed, and touched the wet spot between Mira's legs. "Good girl. See how she moistens. We'll fetch a good price for this one, Daro."

"Indeed," said the rough voice that Mira recognized from earlier scoldings. "She even creamed when I spanked her. This one is a prize."

"And in the Tir atmosphere, she'll become unspeakably lovely."

"Hmmm," grunted Daro, the rough one. "Silerna . . . The Captives are more beautiful than ever, yes, but many of them are disobedient and spoiled. Like you Loraine . . . Yes, whore, just try to speak. Give me an excuse to spank you, naughty girl. Hmm. I have a mind to give you to my husband as a gift. He loves the naughty ones."

Silerna laughed, the most beautiful music Mira had ever heard. "Alright," she said, and Mira knew she was speaking to her. "I know you understand us today. You will push up on your knees." Mira hesitated, and, too late, felt a hard stinging spank on her ass. 

"You will do as you're told," grunted Daro. "And you will say 'Yes, Mistress.'"

"Yes, Mistress," gasped Mira, tears smarting her eyes. She pulled herself up onto her knees, her face still pressed into the bedcover and her bottom in the air, and the soft hands of Silerna touched her once again. They massaged warm oil into her back, her thighs, her buttocks. One finger gently circled her asshole, and then slowly penetrated. Mira felt a bolt of pleasure and desire, and she rocked on her knees, hoping to catch the soft hand against her clit. 

The two Tiran women laughed. "You will have satisfaction after you are sold, little Captive," murmured Silerna. "Your master will satisfy you."

The next time that Mira opened her eyes, her vision had returned. She saw colors, shapes and a whole world both strange and familiar. She was in a round room, with walls made of interwoven fibers that looked like bamboo, brocade, and burgundy flower petals. The floor glowed with deep, soft colors, some of which Mira had never seen before on earth. Her bed was thick and purple, as sumptuous to look at as it was to lie on. Mira was lying on her back once again, her wrists and ankles chained to what she now knew were dark, carved-wooden bedposts. In this position, she was able to turn her head and see most of the room. Several yards away, on another purple bed, lay a girl with messy, dirty-blond hair. The girl's eyes were closed and she snored softly. Her arms were bound behind her back with thick, red rope, and she slept with her knees curled under her belly and her face turned to one side, the cheeks streaked with the trails of dried tears. Her skin was white and freckled, except the plump, painfully bright-red bottom which rested on her heels. "That must be Loraine," thought Mira. "She was spanked again." Her eyes were drawn to a simple chair made of dark oak which stood in the center of the room. 

Mira heard multiple footsteps, a heavy tread and a light tread, and two women entered the room. Mira watched, barely blinking, momentarily breathless. These were magnificent, beautiful, unearthly women. They both stood at least a foot taller than any Earth woman Mira had ever known, and their garments swayed against their bodies, shimmering and half-transparent. Both women had skin the color of ripe plantains, but with glowing violet lines spiraling up their arms and legs, which were visible when their garments shifted. Their hair, too, was violet, and long and thick, and moved a little in the air as though it were alive. Their eyes were wider than human eyes, twice as wide, Mira thought. One woman had the warmest, most inviting purple eyes she had ever seen, and Mira could barely keep from staring into them. The purple-eyed woman returned Mira's gaze and musingly stroked the air with her exceptionally long, soft fingers; Mira realized the fingers each contained an extra joint. 

The second woman had cold, blue, almost European eyes, wide, extra-large hands, and a cruel look about her mouth. "The eye tincture has worn off, I see," she said briskly, and Mira knew by her coarse voice that this one was Daro.

"Hello, sweet Captive," said the other, smiling at her. Beautiful Silerna. "Are you ready for your bath?" She leaned over to untie Mira's bonds, and Mira saw, peeking from behind her gossamer skirts, a long, thin furless tail, which curved upward and undulated. "Stand, girl," she commanded. 

"Yes, Mistress," said Mira, immediately rolling her feet to the floor and standing. Her head reached Silerna's rib cage. She could smell Silerna's body heat; she wondered what Silerna's breasts looked like; she wondered whether Tiran women even had breasts. Daro, with an impatient grunt, turned and walked toward Loraine's bed, a feather in her hand. Daro, too, had a tail, but it swung low, merging with her skirts. She reached out and trailed her feather along Loraine's pale back, onto her red, raw bottom, between her legs. Loraine moaned in her sleep and shifted her ass. 

Just watching made Mira's thighs slippery and sent agonizing desire through her body. She turned away, and followed Silerna out the door, and into a dark red corridor lined with large, bioluminescent flowers attached to a tangle of thick, black vines. At the end of the hallway, they pushed through a half-transparent screen, and entered the bathing room. The whole room swam with turquoise water, and the walls seemed to pulsate. Oddly, the water did not spill out the door when they walked in---Mira and Silerna simply entered the pool, and continued to breathe, submerged. Mira once again smelled the intoxicating scent, not like any earthly substance, but a little like almonds, mangoes and cum married into a single perfume. 

In the turquoise pool, Silerna tended to Mira, rubbing her skin with soft, multi-jointed fingers, until Mira felt that each pore had never been so clean. She lifted Mira's arms, one at a time, and gently stroked, sloughing off the black hair underneath. She took Mira's right foot in her hands, and softly scrubbed away the hard calluses on the bottom until the skin was like rose petals; then she released the foot into the water and moved on to the second foot. Silerna gave special, sweet attention to Mira's cunt, running her fingers along Mira's mons, and then down between the delicate folds, leaving her skin silk-soft and hairless. Her exquisite fingers then lightly rubbed the tender bits deep in the creases of Mira's pussy, over and over, making Mira keen and sway, but the Tiran woman withdrew her hand before Mira could climax.