 Chapter 2: The Dining Chamber

"And now you will dine with the other whores," said Silerna, as they left the bathing room. The air in the corridor was warm and slightly breezy, making the large blue flowers that lined the wall sway on their dark vines. "By this time, all of you Captives can see properly, and all of you understand our language, and now you will learn about our ways." Silerna turned to face Mira and gently fastened a collar around her neck, attached to a black rope that felt cool when it brushed Mira's arm. Mira realized it was a thick vine, identical to the ones on the wall. Silerna held the vine-leash and led Mira back down the corridor, to where a tall Tiran man stood, staring ahead with an impassive expression. "Guard, here is our last Captive. You will bring her to the dining chamber. You will punish her if she misbehaves." She handed Mira's leash to the guard.

"Yes, madam." The guard spoke without changing expression.

"Little slut, you will speak respectfully to your guard and address him as 'Master,'" said Silerna, running a hand over Mira's head. "You will do as he commands."

Mira wanted to scream, 'Don't leave me!' But she held her tongue and said quietly, "Yes, Mistress."

The guard turned and led Mira down a long, spiral ramp. His brown-yellow body was painted with a smooth black fabric that clung to him so closely Mira could see the bulges of his back muscles shift as he walked. Like the two Tiran women, he stood a full foot taller than Mira. When Mira and the guard reached the bottom of the spiral, the ramp opened out into a large, round room, with a raised platform in the center, surrounded by small, plush red armchairs. In each armchair sat an Earth woman; there were about 75 of them. Their smooth nakedness, in all of the skin tones known on Mira's beloved planet, stood out against the dense, dark nap of the armchairs.

The guard led Mira to an empty chair near the heart of the circle. "You will sit," he told her, and she moved toward the seat, but felt a yanking at her neck as the guard pulled her back. "You will bend over the chair," he told her impassively. Mira bent over, holding onto the back of the chair, and felt the guard's huge hand sear her bottom with a painful slap. She gasped. "You will respond when I give you an order. You will say 'Yes, Master,'" he instructed, in his strange, low voice. He spanked her again, and again. 

"Yes, Master," croaked Mira. He commanded her to rise, and to take her seat, and she responded correctly this time. The plush chair felt soothing against her sore buttocks. She settled in, and turned her body to watch as the guard wrapped the vine-leash around the back of the seat. She felt a tension in her collar as the leash pulled itself tight, tethering her to the chair, forcing her to face forward again. A moment later, the guard handed Mira a bowl of square-cut purple fruit simmering in a stew of a non-earthly color. "Eat your bandy fruit," he commanded, handing her the bowl.

"Yes, Master." As the pain settled into her skin, she felt the familiar heat sneak into her crotch. Maybe they would command her to open her pussy for this Tiran man. She snuck a quick glance at him, at the black bulge between his legs that appeared larger since he had punished her. When he turned his head toward her, Mira quickly bent over her bowl. She ate the fruit with her fingers, sucking the juice and letting it slip slowly down her throat, closing her eyes to savor the flavor. Too soon, the bowl was empty. The guard took the bowl and handed her a tall glass full of clear liquid, commanding her to drink. "Yes, Master," she said, eagerly reaching for the glass. She lifted the glass to her mouth and took a full gulp, and gagged, almost spitting it out. It was salty and desperately bitter, the bitterest liquid she had ever tasted. Quickly, she swallowed; she did not want to leave this flavor in her mouth any longer than necessary. She looked up at the guard to see if he had noticed her gagging. He was indeed watching her, a faint smile of amusement in his violet eyes.

"You will drink all of your bandy wine, little slut," the guard said. She took another sip, her eyes on his, and swallowed obediently. "Good girl," he said, and she felt a pang in her pussy. The guard looked even more amused, as he watched her squirm in her seat. He leaned close. "If you ask me to fuck you, I will be required to beat you again, so do not ask, little slut," he murmured. "Unless you enjoy being beaten."

Did she enjoy being beaten? As the wine travelled through to her belly and spread throughout her limbs, deep into her organs, Mira felt pleasure, pain and desire swirl together; she no longer knew where one stopped and the other started. She forced her eyes away from the guard and tried to focus on finishing her wine. She held her breath as she sipped, but the bitterness still came through. Forcing her throat to stay open, Mira tipped the glass and drank the rest of her wine in one long gulp. She instantly felt the full affects of the wine: she was high, strangely lazy, and acutely horny.

The guard took her empty glass. At his command, Mira placed her arms down on the arms of the chair, and instantly a metal clamp rose up on each side to pin her down. The guard walked away, and the room darkened, except for the raised round platform at the center. Onto the platform stepped Daro, cold and statuesque, low tail twitching impatiently. "Hello, Captives. You are now the property of Daro and Silerna. We are the most exclusive traders on the planet Tir. We trade in a small quantity of Captives, picking only the most beautiful, and selling them by auction to the most prominent families on the planet. We are the only traders to properly train their Captives in obedience and Tir culture. As a favor, our esteemed customers have provided us with training documents from their private collections. For the rest of the trip, you will watch these documents after each meal. You will watch them carefully, and I will question you afterward to make sure you were paying attention." 

Daro rubbed the air with her palm, as though cleaning a window, and suddenly a man appeared, standing in a room lined with delicately patterned carpets. He was huge, like all Tirans, and had the familiar brown-yellow skin, but with white-blond hair. The man and the room appeared solid, but as Daro walked off of the stage, through the man's torso, Mira realized the whole image was a moving hologram. She watched lazily, the wine making her limbs sink into the chair. "Ah, come in, brother," said the man. He had a pleasant smile. A nearly identical Tiran walked in through the door. He settled himself on large cushions in the corner of the hologram room. "Where is the Captive?"

"Whore, come" said the first man, simply, and a beautiful, tiny Earth woman, with expressive dark eyes and olive skin, emerged from behind a screen. She was naked, except for a thin, glowing tattoo that encircled her upper arm. "My brother is tired from his trip. You will suck his cock."

"Yes, Master." Her voice was high and sweet, and full of unmistakable adoration. She walked to the brother, knelt before him, and gently pulled his cock from out of the folds in his clothing. As she licked and tugged and sucked, Mira could feel the whole room hold its breath. Mira knew that every seat in the room was wet with the juice of female longing.

The first brother approached the girl's swaying backside, cock in hand, and knelt behind her. He slowly teased her pussy with the tip of his cock, and she groaned, and sucked harder. "You will cum for your master," he said, and pushed his cock into her pussy, his long tail undulating in the air, its violet spirals glowing brighter the deeper he thrust. The girl's body shuddered, and she moaned louder, her mouth still holding tight to the brother's cock. The Tiran fucked slowly at first, holding the Earth girl's hips between his large hands. Then he moved one hand to the girl's breast and stroked a series of muffled cries out of her. He fucked faster then, thrusting hard, until the girl moaned in ecstasy, her mouth still full of cock. The two brothers climaxed together with a high cry, much the way Earth men cried when they came, thought Mira. Mira's hands strained against the clamps, and she crossed her legs in an attempt to press her thighs against her pussy, but it was no use. Up on the stage, the Earth girl gently removed the brother's cock from her mouth and rested her cheek on his pubic bone. The hologram Tiran men said "Good girl," in breathless unison, and stroked her black hair.

The room went bright again, and the hologram vanished. Daro walked onto the platform. "What does a Captive do? Answer, Katarina."

"A Captive does what her master tells her," came a shy voice from the center of the room.

"Correct. Does a Captive fuck anyone other than her master? Answer, Magda."

"Uh . . . A Captive has to fuck whoever her master tells her to fuck?" said another Earth voice.

"Correct. Is a Captive allowed to cum? Answer, Loraine."

"When she's got a hot master like that one, you bet she'll cum," answered Loraine. The room erupted in relieved laughter.

"You will be spanked for your disrespectful attitude. A Captive cums only when her master commands it. She is not allowed to touch herself, or anyone else, unless her master commands it. That is all for today. Guards, take these whores back to their rooms."