 Chapter 3: angNaveena

Every day after that was the same. Mira would wake up to what felt like hours of feathering, followed by stroking. She was then led to the bathing room and "purified," as Silerna called it, and then given to a guard. The guard led her to the dining chamber and fed her stewed bandy fruit, of which she never tired, followed by the dreadful bandy wine, which she learned to love because it made her limbs feel so languid and delicious. Then, with the other Captives, she watched a document, featuring a different Tiran man each day. Some of the Tiran men were beautiful, and some were repulsive; some were cruel, and some were kind. The Earth women watched one man lead a line of 40 Captives to his courtyard at sunrise for what turned out to be a daily ritual spanking, performed by his wife, who sat in a chair at the center and received the whores one at a time. "To prevent misbehavior," Daro said, when no one could explain this ritual correctly. "It's an ancient Tiran practice, and many of the best families like to uphold the tradition."

One day, Daro stood on the stage and told the women, with a tone of disgust, "I am showing you today's document because Silerna insisted. It's her brother, angNaveena, and I'm sure he has nothing to teach you." She rubbed the air and a man appeared, sitting on a narrow couch made of round cushions, in a heavily carpeted room. The man wore a richly colored coat and pants, but his cock, half-hard, lay outside of his clothing. His large violet eyes were exactly like Silerna's, but he had straight red hair pulled back in a ponytail. A silver dragonfly the size of a small bird sat on his shoulder, slowly beating its wings. The room was lit with warm, flickering candles on every surface.

A naked Earth girl, blond and plump, stood in the doorway, staring at the man.

"Come here, inSorrel," he said quietly, and his cock twitched as he looked at his whore.

"Yes, Master." The girl walked over to where he sat.

"Let me look at you, pretty slut," said angNaveena gently. "Turn around so I can see your ass. Ahhhh, you are beautiful." The girl turned slowly. When she came back facing angNaveena, she stared into his eyes with unadulterated lust. He stared back, his cock rising hard and straight. "Sit on my lap, slut," he ordered, and she opened her legs and straddled him, the clean little pads of her feet turned back behind her. AngNaveena stroked her face with the back of his hand and then placed his hand on the back of her neck and pulled her head toward him, kissing her gently on the mouth. His other hand cupped a breast, then pinched a nipple. InSorrel gasped and nuzzled her Master's face with her cheek. "You will put my cock inside you, bitch," he said gently, caressing her side.

"I will do whatever you command, Master," she whispered, and she took hold of his cock with her hand, lifting her ass, and fit it inside her, raising her head and closing her eyes as she descended again, the plantain-colored cock disappearing into the smooth, creamy folds of her flesh. AngNaveena nestled a hand between his body and her cunt, and she ground against it, moaning helplessly. 

"You will cum for your Master, pretty little bitch," he said.

"Yes, Master," inSorrel whispered, and she rocked and moaned, rocked and moaned, until she cried out, a cry so loud it made the dining chamber vibrate. AngNaveena's cry, a minute later, was much gentler. After he came, he wrapped his arms around his Captive and she rested her head on his chest, her sweaty blond hair sticking to her face.

The room brightened again, the hologram disappeared, and 75 Earth women exhaled. "Well," announced Daro, returning to the platform, "I have no questions. There is nothing to learn from this, except how to be spoiled and pampered. You will return to your rooms."

That night Mira dreamed of angNaveena. He told her to turn, and to turn again. "Now come to me and suck my tongue," he said, but as she got closer to him, his face became Silerna's. She reached out and held Silerna's face, and kissed her violet lips.

The next day, Daro stood on the stage, her mouth pursed in exasperation. "We land in two days. Yesterday was a waste. We have no more documents, so I will talk about your duty to your Mistress. You will honor and obey your Mistress, because she is an extension of your Master. If she tells you to lick the floor clean, you will obey. If she tells you to fuck a house guest, you will obey. If she wants to beat you for her own enjoyment, you will submit. You are to serve both Master and Mistress."

Mira's head ached. She had slept a broken sleep, and the wine made her thoughts tumble. Images of angNaveena and Silerna swam in her head. Soft lips, hard cocks, violet pussy folds like the petals of a delicate, exotic flower. She longed to serve angNaveena, to be owned by such a tender Master. And she longed also to prove her devotion to her darling Mistress Silerna.

"What is a Captive's duty to her Mistress. Answer, Chitra."

"A Captive must serve her Mistress."

"Correct. And how does a Captive serve her Mistress? Answer, Mira."

Mira blinked, startled out of her reverie. "Well . . . A Captive serves her Mistress by licking her sweet pussy," she said, in a clear voice. She thought of her beloved Silerna.

Daro became absolutely still, staring at Mira in disbelief. Her pupils constricted and her tail flicked angrily. "I have never been so offended in my life," she finally sputtered. "Guard, you will take her to her room."

All heads turned and watched as the guard unbound Mira's arms, unwound her leash and led her out of the dining chamber. She stumbled after the guard, following him up the spiral ramp, down the hallway and into her room, feeling utterly bewildered and vulnerable. The guard tied her leash to the corner of the bed and told her to lay face-down on the floor and not move. Mira lay down obediently, the floor cold on her forehead and stomach. She felt the guard standing beside her, observing her, and she waited quietly for her punishment with eyes closed, a sense of terror growing in the pit of her stomach. Finally, she heard the sharp footsteps of Daro. 

"Guard," commanded Daro, "You will bring the Captive to me." The guard unfastened Mira's leash from the bed, tugged her up into a standing position, and lead her to Daro, who was seated in the oak chair in the center of the room. Daro's eyes were still blue-white with fury. "Whore," said Daro, "You have greatly offended not only me, but all Tiran women, with your foolish comment. You will bend over my knee and receive your punishment."

"Yes, Mistress," said Mira, trembling. She lay down over Daro's lap. Daro placed one hand on her back and pressed her down. There was a pause, and then Mira felt a hard, stinging slap. Another pause. And then another slap, and another, bringing shocking pain to Mira's buttocks. Mira struggled to get away, but Daro held her down with an iron grip. Daro had a lot of strength for spanking, and she was not holding back. Her slaps were slow, forceful, methodical and ceaseless. Mira wept squeakily, no longer struggling. Every time she believed that Daro was finished, she suddenly felt another slap. She could feel her bottom swelling with pain. She could feel the heat of reddened skin rising from her ass. She wondered what she had done wrong, why she was being punished so severely. Finally, Daro stopped.

"Guard," she said, a little breathlessly, "You will put a new cover on the bed. You will find it on the shelf by the door."

"Yes, madam," said the guard. 

Daro's fingers pried between Mira's legs. "Naughty, naughty girl, you're soaking wet. You enjoy this, don't you?"

"No, I don't!" gasped Mira, realizing her mistake a second later.

"Insolent slut," barked Daro triumphantly, and began to spank her again. "You will be respectful."

"Yes, Mistress," wept Mira. When Daro stopped again, and asked whether Mira enjoyed her spanking, Mira only answered, "Yes, Mistress."

"Then you will thank me for it," spat Daro.

"Thank you, Mistress," wept Mira.

The guard led Mira to her bed and commanded her to lie down, face-up, and fastened her ankles and wrists to the bedposts. The new bedcover underneath her was made of a prickly, woven fabric that tortured her raw skin. Daro and the guard left the room, and Mira lay on her bed for hours and hours, feeling the heat and pain, which so easily shifted to hot desire. Finally, exhausted and confused, she fell asleep.

Mira slept deeply, and woke to the sound of voices in the hallway.

"Daro, please," Silerna said, "The girl didn't know. She has shown us that she's devoted and attached, and those are good qualities in a Captive."

"Hmph," said Daro. "But she has a disrespectful tongue."

"Be that as it may, Daro, we're landing in 24 hours. I need to prepare the whore for auction. We have our profits to think about."

Silence. "Very well," said Daro, finally. "You may soothe her and prepare her for auction."

Silerna sailed into the room, smiling lovingly at Mira. She unbound her wrists and ankles and lifted her off the bed and onto the floor. Mira observed mutely as Silerna removed the scratchy brown bedcover and replaced it with the downy purple one. Silerna then sat on edge of the bed, her hands idly smoothing the cover, watching Mira with her large, violet eyes.

"Now, girl, you will climb onto the bed and lie on your stomach," said Silerna gently. "And I will rub your bottom with bandy salve. It is miraculous stuff, little whore. In an hour, your pain and marks will be gone."

"Yes, Mistress," said Mira, in a choked voice, and she kissed Silerna's hand as she climbed up, and then spread herself out on the welcoming blanket. The soft velour felt sweet against her breasts. She smelled the heady perfume of bandy oil, and almost cried from pleasure when Silerna's warm fingers touched her buttocks.

"And now, little slut, I'm going to explain a few things about the Tiran, and you will listen quietly."

"Yes, my Mistress," whispered Mira.

"We are an ancient people, little one. Quite literally ancient---We generally live until the age of 700 or even 800 Earth years. And so will you. Our bandy fruit makes Tiran and Earth people young and strong and vital. It tightens skin and smoothes wrinkles and heightens the senses. It strengthens the bones and prevents disease. You have nothing like it on Earth. Our gentle atmosphere also helps to keep us young---all of us, Tiran and Earthling, but Earth women, in particular, grow unspeakably radiant. Our men find you Earth Captives irresistible, and will pay high prices for you."

Mira wondered how old her lovely Mistress was, and, as though reading her mind, Silerna continued. "I myself am only 200 years old, but I am no longer considered young. I am what we call a 'mature' Tiran woman." She sighed. "Let me try to explain, little whore. You see, we are a sexually vital people, when we are young---We reach adulthood quickly, and then marry and spend the next 150 years fucking at every possible moment. Over that time, each family produces 3 children. But when the last child has finished suckling, the change sets in. The cunt of the Tiran woman slowly contracts and disappears, and her folds and lips and clitoris stretch tight until they are completely smooth. A Tiran woman loses her sexual parts, but she also loses her feelings and desire. Sweet girl," she said, smoothing more salve into Mira's skin, "your beloved mistress has no pussy to lick. And Daro has no pussy to lick. You did not know, but to speak of such things to a mature woman is the worse offense possible."

Mira's heart ached for her Mistress. She wanted to be spanked again when she realized what a cruel, thoughtless thing she had said. She bit her lip and tried not to cry. Silerna's sweet touch made guilt and love swell inside her.

Silerna's hands began to massage the salve into Mira's back, which had multiple scratches from the brown bedcover. "The men undergo a change as well, but it is a different sort of change. Their libidos increase tenfold, and they require multiple Captives just to keep from going mad. Those of lower income frequent the fuckhouses, where they find Earth Captives that have been shipped by our competitors. The better families, however, purchase Captives from Daro and me, and build large households around them. The Mistresses of these households tolerate the earthlings because they have to. . . Although our mature Tiran women no longer have sexual desire, they still experience a sort of frustration and resentment. Some soothe their frustration by spanking their husbands' Captives. Others find solace in stroking and loving their husbands' Captives." Silerna's fingers worked their way up to Mira's arms, gently massaging the salve into her skin. "You can tell by the hands what kind of Mistress you have. Wide hands, like Daro's, indicate a desire to punish. And long hands, like mine, a desire to caress."

It was too much information, and Mira knew she would think about it for days to come, trying to make sense of it. Silerna rested her hand on Mira's back. "And now, little whore, you have my permission to speak."

Mira finally let loose the tears that she had been holding back since discovering that her Mistress had no pussy. "I am so sorry, Mistress," she sobbed. "I spoke thoughtlessly. I did not mean to offend you. Please forgive me."

Silerna kissed her cheek and wiped the tears with her long hand. "I was not offended, but Daro was deeply offended. She will be happy if she never sets eyes on you again . . . Is that all you have to say, pretty one?"

Mira gulped, trying to calm her pounding heart. "Please don't sell me, Mistress. Please. Please take me home with you."

Silerna laughed and laughed, throwing her head back so that the lively purple hair writhed in every direction. Finally, catching her breath, she said, "No, little one, you are way too valuable. I can't afford not to sell you." Mira felt tears rise again to her eyes. "Little whore, don't cry about this. If you came home with me, you'd be the property of my husband, angSilerna, and you would not be happy. He is a kind man, and fucks well, but he owns 104 Captives, and they vie for his attention. My home is a web of cunt juice and frustration. You really, really would not be happy."

Silerna kissed Mira again on the cheek. "Rest and heal. Tomorrow we land, and go to auction, and you will meet your new Master."