 While Jason was getting ready as his mom she was doing the same in his body. She had figured it would be fast and easy, take off the t-shirt and boxers hop in the shower then get dressed. Well that's not exactly what happened.

She did get undressed and hop in the shower, but while washing she got curious. She just couldn't help herself from playing with her new cock and balls as she soaped them up. And she soon had a fully hard cock in her hand. She was surprised but what she found in her hand though.

She had only been with one man besides her husband and he was smaller than her husband so seeing how big the cock in her hand was took her back a little. Her husband wasn't small he was average at just short of six inches, but her son's and now her cock was over 9 inches long and fairly thick with nice big balls hanging below it.

She slowly started jerking off at first it was weird to be at this angle but soon she forgot that and just about everything else as she just let herself enjoy the new sensations. It felt so different jerking a cock than rubbing her pussy. As she got closer and closer she couldn't help but wonder how it would to feel to slide in a mouth or pussy or ass.

And with the thought of fucking another woman she came spurting her load against the shower wall. The feeling of blowing a huge load was so unique and intense her knees buckled and she collapsed onto the floor of the shower. After she recovered she stood up and finished her shower.

When she was done she wrapped the towel around her and laughed when she looked in the mirror because out of habit she wrapped it around her chest not waist. She fixed it then went to Jason's room. Threw on some boxers, jeans, and a t-shirt. 

She knew it take longer for Jason to get ready so she decided to take this time to snoop. She went through his phone first and the only thing she found was a topless photo of his ex-girlfriend, which didn't surprise her since she knew they had slept together. Then she looked around the room and in a box in his closet he found a few Playboys and other porn mags. 

Then she got on his computer and found pay dirt. Right there on the first screen of his back up drive was a folder named porn. In it was 3 folders: movies, pictures, and writing. She went to the movies folder first and found yet more folders: couples, groups, solo, lesbian, interracial, incest. Those last two where a bit of a shock, the incest one in particular. She looked into the picture and writing folders and found the same subject matter. She scanned over some of it and decided she'd have to go over it in more detail in the future.

She figured Jason would be done soon so she shut off the computer and went down stairs and a few minutes later Jason and Catie joined her. "Jason you dressed me like a slut."

"I'm sorry mom but you are just so hot I thought this sexy body should be shown off."

"Mom I think you'd be more interested to know what I walked in on than his clothes. He was spread eagle on your bed masturbating."

"Son is that true?"

She watched her own face blush, "Yes mom but I just couldn't help it. Looking at this body then feeling it I just got washed away in the pleasure. Are you mad?"

"Well I suppose I should be but then I'd be a hypocrite."

"Mom," Catie looked at her, "does that mean what I think it does?"

"Yes I jerked off in the shower and it was really good."

"Wow," Jason looked at his old body, "mom this is so weird."

"Well the way I look at it for today these are our bodies so what's the big deal. And besides Jason you have nothing to be ashamed of."

Catie gasped, "Mom what does that mean?"

"It mean I think you should start calling him younger brother not little brother."

Catie gets a big smirk, "Oh really?"

"Yes he's a good 9 inches and cums a bucket load."

"Mom! Don't tell her that."

"Oh relax son. And after we switch back would you mind if I copy some of your porn the few things I looked at where hot."

"Mom you went through my computer? And saw my porn? All of it?"

"I only skimmed over it but I did see enough to see what your interests are."

"Ok this I got to hear," Catie giggled.

"Its up to Jason. Do you care if she knows?"

"Well my mom already knows so why not my sister too. Ok Catie I have movies, pictures and written all the same few basic categories."

"Which are younger brother," she smiles at him.

"Couples, groups, solo, lesbian, and interracial and incest."

"Sounds a lot like what I have hell we probably have a lot of the same things."

"So let me get this straight both my kids have incest porn?" They both just nod. "Ok if I wasn't in my son's body right now that would be a bigger deal."

"Speaking of which mom. As hot as you are I'd really rather look at it from my body and not in the mirror so lets get going so we can swap back." They all agreed and went out to the car and started the long drive.

To be continued...