 Chapter 7: The First Fuck

"AngNaveena chose well." Eesha ran a silken cloth over Mira's skin. They were standing at the edge of the bathing chamber, a round room that took up the bottom floor of one of the towers in the House of angNaveena. Mira's skin, now dry, was still warm from the pool, her pores open, her thousand-and-one erogenous areas---so adeptly caressed by Eesha---receptive and ready. The room steamed with the scent of bandy oil.

"You are certainly the loveliest Captive I have ever seen." Eesha stroked the air surrounding Mira's body, and Mira felt her emotions kneaded and smoothed flat. "AngNaveena's clients will approve. "

"Clients?" Mira had not been invited to speak, but the question popped out before she had a chance to stop it.

"Naughty, naughty," laughed Eesha. "But you may speak. Your Master's bandy plantation has grown five-fold since he reached the age of maturity. His new groves now yield some of the best bandy wine on Tir, and the old groves are unusually prolific. Your Master has an instinctive genius for bandy agriculture . . . And he has caught the attention of the Bandy Traders' Collective, but several potential clients lost interest when they realized he did not have enough whores to satisfy them during their visits. He will need to purchase at least three more Captives before the bandy industry will take him seriously."

Mira felt a familiar sour feeling in the pit of her stomach. Her Master had not chosen her out of love, or even out of lust, but because he needed a new whore, another fuckable body to offer his clients. Disappointment stewed inside her.

"Oh dear," murmured Eesha. "I was to prepare you for the first fuck, and now you are all jagged and resistant." Her eyes darkened. "AngNaveena will not be pleased. Here, inMira, let me at least soften your edges. Open your legs." Mira obediently shifted to a wider stance, and Eesha knelt down in front of her and ran her fingertips deftly up and down Mira's inner thighs, leaving a new feeling in her gut: dull anxiety overlaid with a buzz of pleasure.

"There," said Eesha, standing up. "That will have to do. If we had more time, I would suck your nipples, but the Master and Mistress are waiting. We need to go." She stood on the tips of her toes, reaching for the stone shelf that stood next to the bathing pool, and pulled down a purple collar and leash tooled with gold spirals. She gently wrapped the collar around Mira's neck, looking anxiously into her eyes. "Please do not resist, inMira. It is your duty and your destiny to cum when your Master commands it." Mira could not answer, even when given permission to speak. She felt colonized by feelings of resistance, and felt doomed to disobedience.

Eesha led Mira out of the bathing chamber, and across the courtyard to the bedroom tower. Mira followed, feeling the collar tug against her neck. They stepped onto the external staircase and climbed in slow spirals until they reached the top. Mira's heart felt toxic with apprehension and distrust. She felt a strong urge to turn, to run down the staircase on her tenderized feet, and flee into the Tiran wilderness. 

Eesha knocked twice. "Yes, we're waiting," came Naveena's voice from inside. Eesha pushed open the door with the flat of her violet hand, and they entered. The room was much like Mira's, with a large bed and a small table. A jug and a large flask stood on the table. High on one side of the wall hung a coat, a sack, a bandy rod, and what looked like a pair of smaller vine-leashes with loops at the end of each. Underneath these few hanging items, on a chair facing the room, sat Naveena, dressed in folds of gold and black, her white curls piled elaborately on her head. She pressed her hands together and looked intently at Mira. "Well, girl, you are now a member of my household, and my husband's whore. He will fuck you today, and we will find out how obedient you are. Eesha, give inMira a glass of bandy wine." Eesha dropped her end of the leash and hurried to the table; she poured a cup of wine and handed it to Mira. Mira held the flask. It felt cold in the palm of her hand. "Whore, you will drink." Mira hesitated. AngNaveena did not love her. Why should she obey his wife?

Naveena snorted. "AngNaveena, you have brought home another Captive like inAva. A bad bandy-fruit. You will need to train her severely in order to avoid another disaster." Mira wondered vaguely which Captive inAva was.

"No, wife, this one is a prize." AngNaveena smiled at Mira from the edge of the bed on which he was seated, his large Tiran eyes carefree, confident of her obedience. "Drink it, inMira." Reluctantly, Mira tipped the cup into her mouth and swallowed the bitter brew. "See, wife; inMira is a good girl." Mira felt the magic words enter her belly along with the wine, spreading hot desire. Her resistance began to unravel.

"Now, girl, I will name the position," said Naveena coldly, but angNaveena shook his head.

"Not yet, wife. InMira and I have unfinished business. She was naughty in the cart yesterday, but I did not have time to punish her. Before we proceed, I will need to spank her."

Naveena raised her eyebrows, and smiled. "Naughty in what way, husband?"

"She sat in an inappropriate position in the cart."

Naveena pursed her lips suspiciously. "I'm glad to hear that you are finally disciplining your whores, angNaveena," she finally said.

"Come here, inMira," smiled angNaveena, patting his lap. Mira felt a flash of joy. Her Master was going to spank her. She walked to him and waited for his orders.

"Over my knee, inMira," said angNaveena pleasantly. Mira kneeled down over her Master's bent legs, posing her ass in the air. AngNaveena slipped his foot through the loop at the end of Mira's leash and held it to the floor. She felt a light slap on her skin. "Naughty girl. Five slaps and then I will fuck you." Mira felt another barely discernable slap. "That's two." Was he joking? This was no punishment. This was more of a tickle than a spanking. She felt the bile rise again into her throat, and angry tears form in her chest. AngNaveena didn't even love her enough to punish her properly.

"Three. Four. Five. There you are, little slut. Now tell me, who does this pussy belong to?" Mira felt his hand slip between her legs. She didn't answer.

"InMira, you will answer me."

"Myself," Mira muttered.

"What?" She felt his hand freeze in disbelief, and heard Eesha gasp and Naveena chuckle. "I didn't hear you girl. Who does this pussy belong to?" He stroked her cunt more insistently this time, and his voice sounded anxious. Good, thought Mira. 

"This is my pussy," she said loudly, her head still hanging over her Master's lap. "This pussy belongs to me."

Now came a hard, stinging blow, and Mira gasped involuntarily. "My wife is right. You are a naughty, naughty girl, and will need extra training." AngNaveena's voice was tense. He spanked again, even harder. Mira cried, knowing she deserved it, had even asked for it. AngNaveena spanked her right cheek, then her left, then her right and then her left, again and again on the same two spots, until they burned. Mira tried to reach back and rub her ass between spanks, but her Master pushed her arm roughly to the floor. "Be still and take your punishment." He kept spanking, and Mira felt the bruising sink in past the skin. She twisted on angNaveena's lap and wailed, and the spanks hit harder and faster. "I said, be still, and stop your crying," he commanded angrily. Against her stomach, she felt his cock twitch and tighten, and a triumphant feeling arose amidst the pain.

Finally, angNaveena stopped. "InMira, who owns this pussy?" The punishing fingers pried between her legs. Mira opened her legs wider and crooned, "You, Master. It's your pussy. You own it." AngNaveena's fingers slid up and down along her slit.

"Yes, little whore. I see that I do." He laughed. "And I see what you need. We will be more careful to take care of that, in the future. Now thank me for your punishment."

"Thank you, Master," sobbed Mira, more out of relief than distress. 

"Now, stand up, and let my wife direct you. She will choose the position, as is the custom."

Mira stood up, the blood rushing to her feet. She curved her arms behind her back and cupped her cool hands over the spanked cheeks. Naveena looked at her with glittering eyes, but addressed angNaveena. Her face was flushed. "That was an excellent show, husband, but I'm afraid you have managed to insert foreplay into this ceremony. This is not customary. So, to make up for the unexpected arousal, I will have the little whore assume the service position for her first fuck."

"Wife," protested angNaveena, "we discussed this last time. The service position is not an option. It is so difficult for them to cum."

"Foreplay is not an option either," smiled Naveena nastily. "Shall we postpone her first fuck until another day?"

The room was silent. Over by the table, Mira saw Eesha's worried face.

"No," angNaveena finally said, grimly. "I want to fuck her now. I can't wait."

Naveena addressed Mira. "Whore, get on the bed on your hands and knees, facing the wall." Mira turned, walked to the bed, and did as she was told. She waited on her hands and knees while Eesha fastened her leash to a loop in the headboard. Like all Tiran vine-leashes, it wrapped itself tightly as soon as it touched the loop. There was no hope of escape. Then Eesha walked to where Naveena sat, and reached up the wall above her with a little jump, trying to grab the two small looped leashes that hung there. Her arms were shaking.

"Oh, by the two moons," snapped Naveena. "Out of all the healers on Tir, we had to hire this dwarf as our Captive tender." 

Eesha looked knowingly at Naveena. "You were a lot nicer as a child, Naveena. Now, get off that chair, please, so that I can stand on it." Naveena, strangely, obeyed, just long enough for Eesha to stand on the chair and pull down the two leashes. Then Naveena assumed her place once again, while Eesha carried the leashes to the bed. One by one, she wrapped them around Mira's wrists, and fastened the other ends to small loops in the headboard. She snuck in a little stroke of sympathy on Mira's cheek.

"Little inMira, you will have to stay in this position. You are not allowed to touch yourself, or rock or shift your body. The Master will fuck you from behind. His hands must remain on the bed; he is not allowed to touch you. You must cum for your Master. If you do not, it will be judged as extremely deviant. Naveena has a small Earth-made hairbrush that she uses in these circumstances."

Mira's heart sank. No matter how aroused she was, she knew that she couldn't cum in this position without rubbing her clitoris. And though she relished punishment meted out by her Master, she dreaded the frustrated cruelty of her Mistress. "This is what it means to serve both Master and Mistress," she thought despairingly. "It will be a torturous arousal, I won't cum, and then I'll be beaten by a woman I despise."

Still holding herself in position, Mira felt angNaveena's body heat behind her, surrounding her like a cage with his legs and his arms on either side of her. She felt his stiff cock slide slowly along her slit, looking for entry, wanting her as much as she wanted him. She felt his hot breath in her ear as he bent down to whisper, "Next time, naughty inMira, I will touch you the way I would like to. But this time, you must submit to my wife's demands. Open your legs wider, whore." Mira opened her legs, not sure if she was breaking the rules, but drunk with love and obedience for her Master. The hard cock slipped easily into her pussy, pushing in deep. Mira started to rock, but then remembered her instructions, and, breathing hard, held herself still. AngNaveena withdrew his cock and Mira whimpered, lonely for it already. He shoved it back in, violently this time, ramming her cervix, and she exhaled a rough cry, as though the breath had been shoved out of her. Now angNaveena nailed her, over and over, and her frustration mounted: she gripped at the cock as it penetrated her, but she could not rock, she could not touch herself. As Mira concentrated on not moving her body, she noticed a new sensation, a rigid tip running along her labia, searching for her clitoris. As it circled and pressed into her sweet spot, she realized what the strange object was: angNaveena's tail. She moaned raggedly, as the half-stiff appendage expertly drew wave after wave of pleasure from her, and at the same time, her Master's cock claimed her in no uncertain terms, drawing out and ramming in harder and deeper than any human cock ever could. Mira moaned louder with each stroke, her clitoris pulsating hard against her Master's tail, until he gasped "Cum, whore," and she climaxed, holding his cock tight inside her pussy and crying like a Siamese cat as the pleasure split her open. A half-second later, he cried too, cumming inside her with long-held, determined strokes, so that even downhill from an orgasm, she still spasmed hard on her Master's cock. 

Several sweaty minutes later, Mira's heartbeat finally slowed, and her Master's cock slid limply out of her, the tail pulling away. Mira wanted to flatten herself on the bed, even though she was tethered to the headboard. Through the haze of her satisfaction, she heard Naveena's piercing voice.

"You cheated, angNaveena. You touched her."

"With my tail, wife. There is no rule about not using tails."

"That is because our revered ancestors did not possess freakishly agile tails, such as yours, but the fact remains that you were not supposed to touch her."

"The fact remains that she came quite nicely during her first fuck. You cannot re-do the ceremony, because it would no longer be the first."

"The fact remains that you cheated me out of my pleasure. I want to spank her."

AngNaveena sighed. "Alright, then, Naveena. The next time she needs to be spanked, I will let you do it. Is that good enough for you?"

Naveena grunted. "Very well. No matter how small the infraction, I will beat her so hard that she begs for mercy."

Mira no longer cared. Her soul glowed. Her Master was the sun, the two moons, the giver of pleasure. Whatever he commanded, she would do.