 Just to clear things up, Miranda didn't know she had a magic mouth. She knew she enjoyed sucking on cocks. She was good at it. She enjoyed the gasps and moans of pleasure, the groans and grunts of ecstasy, the throbbing and the pulsing, and she always received high praise. She was simply a natural; but that wasn't where the magic was. 

If you asked Miranda how big the average man was in the pants, her hands would look like an office worker embellishing their fishing tale from the weekend. She knew every guy started out small of course, then they got bigger as things went along. Half of them were simply too big, to be honest, but it explained the old sitcom jokes about women never wanting to have sex. 

But, and few people believe these things anymore, Miranda had been visited by a fairy godmother when she was fresh from the womb. Now, fairy godmothers aren't assigned to specific children like most think, they're free agents, and go where they're needed. Nowadays there's too many kids and too much demand, so they're overworked and in short supply. Hell, some of them quit, and sell shoes instead. Ever gotten help from an old woman in a shoe store and gotten the best fitting pair of shoes ever? Fairy godmother, no doubt.

Yes, Miranda was lucky enough to be visited and get to carry a touch of fairy magic to help her along in life. In a twist of bad luck however, her fairy was exhausted, days from giving up the godmother gig, and really needed some dark chocolate to be honest. Her wand snagged the child's mobile as she went to bless the child's forehead with generous wisdom and personal growth. Instead, she gave the girls mouth the gift of generous wetness and penile growth. This could have been fixed at the time, but the fairy figured sloppy head wasn't the worst thing in the world. 

Miranda brought James back to her room. Sarah and Mandy would still be in class, so she had time to do some homework of her own. She was immediately on top of him, or he was on top of her, their bodies writhed in a confused puddle of elbows, knees, boobs and ass. He unstuck his face from hers with a loud, "Schlorp!" stood, grinned, unfastened his belts and pants with the air of an airline pilot preparing for takeoff. 

She reached under her bed and withdrew a camera and a ruler, and James' face made a nosedive. 

"Woah!" he covered his tight denim crotch," what are you doing!"

"I told you, it's for my photography class!" she lied.

"I thought that was just like, a flirty joke!" he chuckled weakly.

She set her instruments down," James', it's totally anonymous! There's gonna be lots of other pictures in a big penis collage wall."

"Er-sorry," she giggled, "not like "big penis" collage, a large collage of penises. Peni. Panini." She laughed at her own jokes often. 

"It's an art show promoting male body image, showing that most guys aren't pornstars." 

"Besides," she grabbed his hand as he loosened up slightly, "I've heard you have nothing to hide," she grinned. 

At the compliment he grinned and let his genitals do his thinking for him, as 21 year-olds are obligated to do. His pants were on the floor remarkably quick, and he stood with his cock as close to Miranda as the bed would allow. 

She was seated on the edge of the bed, taking in the sights. His dick was nice, it was shaped good, not skinny, pretty normal in her experience, just not yet as big as they get. She had to lay it on thick now though, for research. The last fellow had his feelings hurt and left. Phrasing was important for men's feelings. 

"Oh my gosh," she said, slightly ditzy, "can it even GET any bigger?" she asked, looking up at him with dumb blue eyes.

His ego was fully stroked and at full mast, "I hope not, or else you'd need a wheelchair when we're done!"

She took that to mean he was at his most engorged. For some reason asking, "does it get any bigger?" doesn't get the same reaction. 

"Woow, this is probably gonna be the biggest in the show," she falsely gushed as she lined the ruler up and took pictures. She took them from above, from the front, side, everything, so she could finally shut her roommates up. It was admittedly a photogenic penis. 

She put the ruler and camera down and held it softly in her hand, "I hope you don't mind, but I'd like to take another picture after I've had a little fun with it, for extra credit." She leaned forward and ran her tongue over his plump head, wrapping her lips around it. 

"Wow, that sounds, kind of unethical of your instructor but- oh wow!" He grunted as every bit of him slid into her open mouth. 

With easy and fluid motion she bobbed long and deep on him, she liked to do it before they got too thick to fit in her mouth. She felt him hot and throbbing and pushing against her throat, stinging her eyes but feeling so nice. She looked up and saw his eyes were shut, his mouth was open, breathing hard as waves of pleasure washed over him. 

She pulled him out as she ran her fat tongue up and down his shaft that stretched from her chin to her hairline. She made out with the base while she milked it, pulling on it and licking his big nuts. She pulled his rigid cock down so she could bob on it again, but this time she could only manage a fraction of him. She put two hands on him and stroked, licking his head. This was what she was used to, this was how big guys usually were, unless you kept going. If you go too long they get lightheaded or fall asleep.

"Okaay picture time," she said, quickly taking her pictures. James looked down and smirked at the slutty art girl, his eyes going huge as he saw himself.

"Oh my God, you ARE fucking good!," 

"I know," she acknowledged. She wrapped both hands on his slick cock and put his immense head into her mouth. Now all she had to do was give him seven strokes and he would flood her mouth like a spring river after snow melt. She had mentioned the seven stroke trick to other girls before but no one knew what she was talking about. 

But he went off sure as a geyser, leaning forward to brace himself on her, coating her neck and shirt. He actually dropped to his knees to regain himself. He stuffed his floppy cock into his pants, and felt his bulge that hung down his leg. They briefly talked but both knew they were done. She saved the photos to her computer for viewing.

That evening when Sarah and Mandy were free she called them into the common room for her presentation.

"So as you know, I've been accused of exaggerating when talking about my lovers and hookups," she teased, "so I've prepared this for the class." She opened the first file up to James' hard cock. "This is-"

"James MacIntyre," interjected Mandy, "been there," she said in a sing-song tone. 

"Well I guess that's all of us!" exclaimed Sarah, prompting a roar of cackling laughter from the two.

"Yes." Continued Miranda, serious but smiling. "As you can see, he's slightly more than six inches when erect," she clicked through the pictures, "however, after I performed 6 minutes of felatio on him," she said studiously, clicking to her money shot, "That was not the case." 

Sarah and Mandy's eyes went large and their mouths dropped open in disbelief. Anger flashed across Mandy, and Sarah's eyes were somewhat fearful.

"Yes ladies, eleven and one half inches. An absolute leviathan of a penis according to your own statistics."

"You've photoshopped that! Just so you can be right!" cried Mandy.

Miranda's heart sunk, she hadn't thought of that, "Wha-, no! Of course not!"

"You know what, the lines are kind of fuzzy there," agreed Sarah.

"What! Ugh!" her exasperation was boundless, "what do I have to do, suck a dick right in front of you two after you've had a go?!"

Sarah giggled.

There was a pause in the room. Their lack of objection was a unanimous vote. "Very well," she packed up her laptop and retreated to her room, "You pick the guy, put him on the couch, and I'll show you both.

Then for dramatic effect she stood in her doorway, "The gauntlet, has been dropped," and closed her door satisfyingly.