 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Rosanna burst through heavy doors of brass and oak to relieve herself from the heat of the birthing chamber. She panted deep and desperate breaths. Her chest heaved while drops of sweat dripped down her shapely body, cleaving silk robes to the soft and golden skin beneath. She slammed the doors shut behind her, leaned back against them and clumsily wiped the salty water from her brow. Through the carved wood and intricately inlaid metal, against her backside she felt the heat of the room behind her, of a fireplace lit night and day for 7 seasons. She pushed herself away from the torridity, stripping the soaked silk from her body and moving toward the cool summer night's air. 

She advanced naked through an expansive marble corridor lined with golden lamps and ornaments from the far reaches of the four continents. The chill of the wind struck stone beneath her feet made her plump lips purse and her green eyes roll back in relief. The surrounding air rapidly decreased in temperature as the birthing chamber fell further behind. She felt her sweat slowly chill on her sun kissed skin as her nipples began to stiffen in the night's air.

A turn to the left through a small archway lead Rosanna to her most treasured terrace in the castle and an intoxicating breath of ocean air. The scene was a lavish bath on the highest balcony overlooking the bustling city below and the vast Crystal Sea to the South.

Rosanna stepped onto the clay tiles of the balcony and closed her eyes for a moment, cherishing the salty scent and easing coolness of the sea. She opened them and gazed upon an ideal summer's night. The Crystal Sea's waves were gentle and gleaming like liquid obsidian in the light of the red mother planet, Ria and Luru, the silver sister moon. Below, Itivas D'Auru, the richest city in the West Empire was calm. It was past midnight. Women residing within the nine golden gates were all in their abodes, whether they be opulent mansions or humble hovels, drinking wine and making love to their wives or servants or both.

The wind carried in from the crystal sea gently and equally, caressing everything on the balcony: the exotic flowers and plants, the flickering flames from the torches, Rosanna's damp golden hair, her smooth and aureate skin.

She stepped past a large and ornate copper bath elevated above a bed of smoldering coals towards her vanity and her immense elliptical mirror lined with gold mined from the wild southern isle. She grasped a copper water pitcher on the vanity beneath it and filled a matching cup. She quickly lifted the chalice to her pink lips and downed the liquid in three large gulps. After a deep breath she peered into the mirror.

Standing before her was an unquestionably beautiful woman. Her emerald eyes, golden hair, and tanned skin were common among women of the West, but Rosanna's features, like all of royal blood, were far more enhanced. She gazed upon herself knowing full well that not another woman on this moon was even a penultimate to her beauty. 

Rosanna touched and examined herself. She ran her hand down her long slender neck, between her round plump breasts, rested it on her flat stomach, and wondered. Would her youngest daughter be as beautiful as her? Would she have her cunning? Would she have the strength to be queen when her mother returns to the dust? She smiled mischievously, exposing her glistening, ivory colored teeth and a singular dimple on her left cheek. She would at least know the first answer tonight. She looked into her brilliant green eyes spoked with bristles of black and found her resolve. She headed back to the birthing chamber, briefly looking over her shoulder to catch a glimpse in the mirror of her tanned, round ass swaying in the torchlight as she walked away.

She determinately strode back down the corridor to the large, bolted doors. Placing her hands upon the handles, she felt the heat once more and lowered her pointed chin to brace herself against the forthcoming blast. She threw the doors open and entered the chamber.

Entering slowly, she stalked the space between the raging fireplace and her prize. An egg with a shell of gold. The semi-spherical object reflected the glare of the fire so fiercely that it tempted Rosanna to shield her eyes but she would not. Tonight was the night. She felt it so deeply in her soul she cast out her servants from the highest towers of the castle so that no woman would cast her eyes upon the newest princess of the West until Queen Rosanna of house Arkul had ushered her daughter into this world.

The egg trembled. Rosanna knelt beside it wrapping her svelte arms tightly around its shell and pressed her cheek and bosom firmly against its center. She began to chant. Loudly in the ancient language, the dragon's tongue she shouted over and over, "Come now, into this world and know me". The 11 generations of Queens before joined her voice in a symphony of howls. "Come now, into this world and know me". The voices swelled and swirled round the room until a loud crack broke the conjuring.

Rossana looked up. The shell had broken slightly down its left center. She stood and with preternatural strength she plunged her fist inside. The translucent oil which had sustained her hatchling spilled out onto her breasts and down her supple body. She raged at the crack with a primal fury and ripped away chunks of shell, spilling a torrent of the viscous liquid out onto her skin. She positioned her hands against opposite sides of the shell and screamed as she spread her arms and split it in two. The remaining oil flooded the marble floor into the fireplace and turned the roaring flames into smoldering ashes and subtle puffs of smoke. It knocked Rosanna down onto her back alongside a beautiful young blonde woman with eyes as green and brilliant as her mother's.

Rosanna paused and stared at her youngest curled up in a ball on the floor. A skinny thing, small of breast with an innocent-looking face. She would have been about 18 years old before the merging, when women still gave birth to the mewling offspring of their male masters. But now, women came into the world as women. Rossana's youngest would need to learn language, strategy, and wisdom, but her mind and sex were as developed as woman's.

The hatchling attempted to rise but slipped in the oil. Rosanna slid beside her and cradled her in her lap, gazing lovingly upon her face. 

"Melody", she whispered. It was the only name suitable for such a lovely face.

Rosanna slowly raised her hatchling, placing her slender arm over her shoulder, stumbling and slipping in the oil as she guided her out of the birthing room. 

As they traversed through the corridor Melody felt the chill of the night air against her skin for the first time. She clung to her mother. Her hand grazed her mother's full breast and caressed it curiously. Rosanna smirked and kissed the head of her youngling as they walked to the balcony.

Melody stood upright as they entered. Her diamond shaped jaw dropped when she saw her first summer night and the red glow from the mother planet. Rosanna smiled and ran a hand through her daughters damp and oily hair as she stepped in front of her towards the bath. Melody's eyes drifted from the red planet and gleaming sea to the golden skin of her mother's round ass. She bit her lip as she watched the cheeks bulge and bounce with each step. Rosanna slowly entered the copper bath, gesturing for her daughter to join her. Melody stepped quickly and clumsily entered the bath splashing warm water out onto the clay tiles of the balcony. Rosanna giggled, grabbed her daughter's soft hands and turned her around so that her back lay against her mother's breast and her hips between her legs.

Rosanna tightly wrapped arms around her hatchling and pressed her plump lips against her soft cheek. Melody closed her eyes, leaned her head back into Rosanna's neck and caressed her forearms. 

Rosanna spoke in a dulcet tone. "Let me tell you a story."

Melody looked back into her mother's green eyes widely and innocently. Rosanna ran her thumb down the young one's cheek, grazing her thin pink lips. She turned her head out toward the torches and whispered in the dragon's tongue, "Out". The flames turned into wisps of smoke in the pale moonlight.

Melody's eyes widened in fear and wonder.

"Magic." Rosanna whispered. "You'll perform it as well someday. Sooner than you think, my love. And that's how this story begins."

Rosanna kissed Melody's earlobe. Allowing her tongue to caress it for a moment and causing Melody moan and caress her mother's chest with her back. Rosanna cupped Melody's small, firm breast, squeezing it tightly and lovingly.

"We were once only human. Men used to rule over this little moon. That was 13 generations ago."

Rosanna pinched her daughter's nipple lightly. Melody let out a whimper and turned her face back towards her mother's. Rosanna gazed at the perfectly lovely face of her hatchling.

"But then dragons came into the world, emerging from the volcanos of the far northeast. Giant beasts of fire and flight, and unimaginable magic. Men were afraid of their power, but women were in awe of their beauty".

She leaned her head down towards Melody's and kissed her passionately. Their tongues swirled and caressed each other. Rosanna pulled away smiling. Her youngest was a loving kisser. She caressed her cheek and continued.

"When the men and the dragons went to war, the world burned with them. They destroyed almost everything, but one man, Mirax..."

The name resonated with Melody despite her lack of knowledge. Her lip quivered, and she clung to her mother.

"Mirax was a wise and powerful magician. He communed with the dragon's and convinced them to let women inherit the world... And we did. We helped in the slaughter to rid world of men in exchange for the magic and power of the dragons."

Rosanna drifted her hand down the smooth and taught skin of her youngling's abdomen.

"And we changed. We're beings of dragon's magic now."

Her hand reached further down to Melody's clitoris. Melody gasped at the feeling of someone touching her there for the first time. Rosanna persisted, sliding her middle finger deep inside as Melody cried out.

"We hatch our young as dragons do, and they come into this world as women grown."

Rosanna cradled her daughter's head as she slipped another finger inside. Melody's legs shook as she tried to catch her breath. It was too much for the young one. She writhed and trembled as her mother pressed her fingers deeper. Rosanna smiled as Melody let out a yelp and shook. She smiled as she gave her daughter her first climax.

She let her daughter quiver in her arms for a time before withdrawing her fingers from the hatchling's sex. 

Melody, surging with energy, flipped over in the bath to look upon her beautiful mothers's face. Their noses touched and their green eyes locked. Her legs surrounded Rosanna's. Her mound pressed against the soft skin of her mother's thick and voluptuous thigh. She instinctively began to move back and forth, moaning and burying her forehead into the soft skin of her mother's neck.

Rosanna reached around and cupped the right cheek of her daughter's small, round ass, pulling her thigh in between her legs against her own sex. She took command and rhythmically ground their parts together. She locked eyes with Melody as their foreheads touched.

Panting, Rosanna continued. "Before, women were taken sexually by men. The wounds cut deep into our minds, scarring us for life. But now..."

She placed her hand around Melody's throat and squeezed. Melody's eyes rolled back in pleasure as Rosanna smiled malevolently.

"Now we fuck like dragons do. Sex is sport and sport is sex. The taker and the taken both enjoy the act as equals."

Melody moaned loudly, ready to climax again.

"And while we used to excrete like animals do, we now absorb and waste no energy. And certain places now only function..."

Rosanna slid her middle finger between her daughter's cheeks and plunged in sharply into her ass.

"For pleasure".

Melody could not take the sensation and orgasmed again. Rosanna quickened her grinding and increased the pressure in a race to cum with her daughter. She tilted her head upward and screamed into the cool night as the twitched and tightly embraced. They kissed passionately and Rosanna's next words came sporadically between the touching of their lips and tongues.

"Every generation breeds one man, the Reincarnation of that great wizard Mirax, who crosses the land and spreads his seed to the worthiest of this planet, thus propagating our kind."

A roar unlike any other on the moon tore through the gentle sounds of the wind and sea. The two women sharply shifted their gaze to the sky and giant black shape gliding across the red backdrop of the mother planet. Another roar was heard from another dragon. It came from the opposite side of the city. They were signaling the most important event in a generation to all the woman on this small moon. Rosanna smiled and laughed out loud as the city bells began to ring in a clumsy unison and women could be heard cheering all across the golden city.

"You share a birthday, my daughter. With the 13th incarnation of Mirax."

She held her daughter's diamond shaped jaw in both her hands.

"A man is coming. And there is not a second to waste."

Rosanna kissed Melody sweetly, before whispering into her ear as she wrapped her arms tightly around her.

"Welcome to the world, my love. Welcome to Miraxis".