 It was not easy for Aisa to travel during broad daylight. With nervousness and shame lingered in her thoughts, she walked very carefully, covering her bare less-developed tits and pussy with her arms. Whenever she suspected someone approaching, she quickly hid herself. Needing to take away the World Shard from its position, Aisa braved through her embarrassing situation, and continued walking, dirtying her feet with dusts and sands.

After hiking several kilometers uphill under the desert-like heat, Aisa's whole body started to sweat. She tried to convince herself that she was having a sauna bath. However, the more she hiked, the hazier her mind became. It was when Aisa realized she might need rest that she felt something tingling between her legs. Aisa quickly took a look at her cleft of Venus, and found her exposed vulva dripping the same sticky liquid that came out when she masturbated. 

"Why did it come out... aaah..." Curious about the substance inside her pussy juice, Aisa licked the sticky liquid around her finger. Her pussy juice tasted slightly sweet yet sour. "Huff.... my pussy... felt good...haaaa... what's going on?" Feeling her nipples and clit started to erect, Aisa quickly realized that it was the pink effect the World Shard had been spreading. The pink effect was making her feel good, trying to convince Aisa into wanting sex.

Aisa quickly held the red lizardman's wand tight, and meditated. Meditation allows one to connect their mind to nature, in the process allowing them to regenerate loss mana. However, Aisa's main purpose to meditating was to chase off the corrupting pink effect that entered her mind. Concentrating on expelling the pink effect, she closed her eyes, resisting the tingling feel inside her pussy.

Feeling her clit and nipples started to relax, Aisa opened her eyes. What she saw in front of her, was a group of lizardmen, as naked as she was, brandishing their erected cocks. 

"Look what we have here..."

"It's that human female slut!"

"Hah... hah... hah..."

"Eeekks..." Aisa was horrified at the mindlessness of the pink-effect affected lizardmen, staring at her like she was the only woman in the world. She quickly took a step behind, ready to escape, but found another group of lizardmen standing behind her. 

"I'm going to burst her cunt!"

"Can't hold it anymore..."

"Get her!"

A few lizardmen were about to jump at Aisa, she knew that if she stood still she would get raped by groups of lizardmen and might die in the process. She held her wand, deciding to show no mercy on the Geians.

Spreading mana around the place where she was, she quickly conjured the heat around her. "Flame gust!" Aisa chanted its name, spinning her body as a large fire tornado surrounding her raised from the ground. The lizardmen were lifted away by the fire tornado, followed by screams of pain from the lizardmen. It was Aisa's most powerful skill, but it used a large amount of mana from her body. An escape route appeared to her, as Aisa quickly ran away before the fire tornado dissipated, allowing the still conscious lizardmen to recover to chase after her.

Adrenaline ran inside Aisa's body. She kept on running, forgetting that she was stark naked, even the travelers that happened to walk opposite of her path.

"Eeww, a shameless streaker..."

"Have you no shame? Put some clothes on!"

"Your body wasn't anything special, so stop baring it all!" 

Running for minutes without break was too much for Aisa. Feeling the stiffness on her legs, she collapsed out of the sudden loss of balance. She started breathing heavily, her body demanded oxygen over the adrenaline she used.

"Huff... huff... huff... I can't believe... this... why is it... only me?" Aisa lamented the event that forced her to travel stark naked, and was now a primary target of sexual predators. Perhaps she was too busy straining her legs, once again the pink effects goaded her into her sexual crave. She quickly held her wand tight, resisting the sexual temptation of the effects.

"Can't... masturbate here..." 

Sunset had almost arrived for Beastmeh Canyon, with the hot air around Beastmeh Canyon had started to turn colder. Aisa crossed the wooden bridge and was at the top of the cliff where the World Shard was at. Beforehand, she had collected some firewood to start a bonfire to warm her naked body for the night. 

The pink World Shard, which looked like a pink morganite quarter the size her palm, was floating in front of her. Aisa could see it spiritually that it was leaking out pink energy. Aisa walked closer, someone was standing in front of her, a lizardman. He has white scales, holding a ritual wand and wearing a bone mask. His loincloth however, did not have Geian tribe signs. Under the sunset of Beastmeh Canyon, his eyes gleamed at ominous yellow light.

"Kukukuku... you finally show your sluttish figure, human-skin demon girl." The masked lizardman spoke first, referring Aisa as a demon girl.

"Who are you?" Aisa asked sternly, knowing that the lizardman in front of her was hostile.

"Kukukuku... I am Kayu! I am the guardian of this magnificent stone!" The masked lizardman gloated, while dancing with his wand. Aisa was instead insulted by his gloating, and felt like frying him with a Lightning Bolt.

"Hand over the World Shard! I'm going to return it to the World Tree!" With her patient running out, Aisa held her wand tight, demanding Kayu to stand aside. Kayu was not bothered by her warning.

"No way! This crystal awakens the hidden desire of all sentient beings. It worked like a charm!" 

"You're wrong! Everyone was corrupted by the World Shard instead!" Aisa shouted angrily, refusing to believe that he could refer to the corruption of the pink effect as an awakening. 

"Corrupted? Kukukukuku... My my... you're making it sound evil. I was just guarding something holy." With a nonchalant tone, Kayu pointed his wand on Aisa. "Because of this crystal's baptism, you're brave enough to show your naked body, unlike those pesky humans covering their body like its some antique!"

"You... bastard... Because of the World Shard, all my belongings are stolen, and I had to get here completely naked!" Combined with Kayu's sexual harassment and his gloating, Aisa's frustration and anger reached its boiling point, she started concentrating mana to her wand. Kayu continued dancing, completely absorbed on harassing her.

"Look human girl, any females, even Geians, will not move from their spot after having their modesty taken away. But you continued on! Truth is, you like someone looking at your naked body, while you moan wildly as you mastur..."

"Shut up! Lightning Bolt!" Cutting off Kayu's sexual harassment, Aisa immediately flicked her wand in front of him. A storm of lightning was shot from the wand along with a loud thunder, electrocuting Kayu. 

"WaaaGaaaa..." Kayu let out a loud scream of pain as he fell onto the ground. Paralyzed, Kayu stared intently at Aisa as she walked closer to the World Shard.

"You're weaker than I thought." Aisa taunted the masked lizardman, who was still staring at Aisa, without any words coming out from him. She reached for the World Shard, attempting to retrieve it. The World Shard, however, remained unmoved. Under her confusion, a blinding pink light suddenly engulfed Aisa.

"Ahhhhh!!!" Aisa screamed under the searing hat of the light, with unexplainable matters penetrating through Aisa's mind. The pink light dissipated soon, and Aisa's sight grew dim, losing control of her senses. Kayu knew all along what would happen, carried Aisa.

"Kukukukuku... interesting, you'll be useful for my next plan."

An unfamiliar putrid and burning smell assaulted Aisa's nostril. The smell was so foul that it made her regain consciousness. She woke up to a cave brightly lit by magma and fire, with several animal bones scattered around. Assembling her fuzzy mind one by one, Aisa remembered that she lost consciousness once she touched the World Shard. She tried to get up, only to find she was on her knees, still stark naked, and her arms and legs chained to a wall. Aisa tried to teleport away from the spot, only to find she could not use magic.

"What's going on... why I can't teleport?" Panicked about her inability to use magic, Aisa tried to struggle the chains like a fish out of water, but they were too heavy for her to move. She tried to meditate, but no mana came to her. With the confusion of her unable to use magic and getting chained to the wall, Aisa started crying. "Why am I here... where is my magic?"

"My my, never expected the pink World Shard to have such a great effect on you..." Aisa shuddered in fear upon hearing the voice of her kidnapper, belonging to Kayu. Fearing for her life, Aisa struggled to get out from the chain again, but as effortless as it was, she could only flail her chained hands and feet. 

"Don't look! Let me go! Let me go!" Aisa cried desperately, begging for her kidnapper to not to look at her stark naked body. The masked lizardman appeared, walking closer to Aisa, holding a choker with a pink crystal. Recognizing the pink crystal's light, Aisa was aghast that the World Shard was in his hands.

"Kukukuku... as for your magic, it's probably taken away by the pink crystal." 

"You're lying..." Having been told that her magical powers got taken away was not easy to stomach by Aisa. Believing that Kayu had stolen her powers, she shouted Kayu to return her powers. "Give me back my magic! Give me back the World Shard!"

Kayu laughed at Aisa's naïve idea of having her power stolen, as it is simply not possible for one to steal another magic power. Even a magician who got his or her power sealed by anti-magic should be able to feel the flow of mana. In Aisa's case, it was like she lost all her spell by touching a forbidden artifact.

"Wh... what are you planning to do?" Aisa whimpered as she could only watch Kayu walked closer to her, fastening the World Shard choker on Aisa's neck. Knowing what the pink World Shard could do to someone in close radius, Aisa started to panic. "Get it off me! Get it off me!"

"This thing will awaken your true self soon... kukukukuku" Kayu answered cryptically, his answer did not answer Aisa's question, but instead made Aisa shuddered even more.

"Release me! Get me out of here!" Aisa shouted repeatedly to Kayu, whose presence grew smaller and smaller until it disappeared, leaving her alone, naked and restrained.

"Somebody... help me... somebody..." Once again, Aisa felt the need for accompany, and sobbed quietly. She thought of Relse coming out from nowhere to slice off the chains that chained her, but she knew it was impossible. One minute under the silence, Aisa felt an aphrodisiac feeling entering her mind.

"No... that feeling came back again..." Feeling her pussy started to itch, Aisa tried to move her hand to rub the itch off her pussy, but her hands remained unmovable due to her restrains. Leaving with no other ways to ease the itch, Aisa tried calming down.

"Ahh... my body... it's getting hot..." Minutes passed for Aisa and her whole body started to heat up, while the itches around her pussy remained. She started taking heavier breath, with her face painted as orange as the magma cave. Under such embarrassing position, she could only wish for someone to appear to release her.

"Haa... haa... haa... it feels... itchy... my pussy... someone ... do something... with it..." 30 minutes had passed for Aisa, which felt like an hour to her. Her nipples were already hardened, and her vulva was leaking out her pussy juice, as if she was in anticipation of sex. This denial of orgasm continued for 2 hours, until Aisa's mind snapped, and she fell into the swamp of sexual temptation.

"Somebody... please... fuck... Aisa... aaaahh..." Aisa was unable to think anything other than a desperate urge to have a cock slide inside her pussy. She would do anything, and everything, just to be fucked out of her mind. Her dreams of being an official mage of Nature Mage Guild, and her noble goal of moving the World Shard out of Beastmeh Canyon were chased out of her snapped mind.

The silence of the magma cave was broken by the sound of the footstep, approaching closer towards Aisa. Excited over the prospect of having someone saving her pussy, Aisa lifted her head slightly. Under her glazed eyes reflected Kayu, the masked lizardman. She no longer mind being seen stark naked and chained, all she wanted was to have sex.

"Fuck... Aisa... please... Aisa... can't take it... anymore..." Seeing the person in front of her was walking to her, Aisa begged for the lizardman in front of her to fuck her. With such a kinky words coming out from Aisa, Kayu giggled into a mad laughter. He had finally awakened Aisa's "hidden" desire.

"Listen whore, I'm going to break your last vestige of impurity, and I mean it!" Kayu loudly voiced his vicious decision, which Aisa nodded obediently. In her current mindless self, she would agree with anything if it makes her pussy feel better. 

"Show your dirty sweet parts like a whore you are!" 

Kayu unfastened the chains around Aisa's arms and legs. She collapsed to the ground like a marionette that had its strings cut. Aisa lifted her rear and stretched it widely in front of Kayu, as if she was inviting him to fuck her in doggy position. He was able to see the inside of her pink and swollen pussy, which was leaking copious amount of sex lubricants, and her anal clearly.

"A whore like you produces good honey milk!" In her silent anticipation, Aisa felt a raw yet warm tongue slid in her pussy. Receiving her first stimulation after hours of sexual frustration and pain felt like a jolt of lightning sparking her body, causing her to moan loudly, splashing Kayu's face with her copious amount of pussy juice. Her sudden squelching annoyed Kayu, who took out his tongue in anger.

"Watch where you are peeing, you whore!" Kayu flung his arm and smacked Aisa's right buttock. With her mind thinking of nothing but sex, she moaned wimpishly, accepting the pain as an arousal. 

"I was just helping you taking away those honey milk and this is how you repay me?! Unforgivable!" Kayu shouted in anger as he tore his loincloth away, and displayed his anger erected cock. Aisa looked at his cock with anticipation, the remedy for the itch of her pussy.

Kayu's dick greeted Aisa's wet pussy with exuberant. Its tip kissed her pussy roughly, excited Aisa into a soft moan. A few seconds of his rough teasing, Aisa felt a forceful yet slow force penetrating against her pussy. Aisa moaned wildly in response to the forceful penetration, finally having a cock deep inside her to get rid of her pussy itchiness. Her pussy sprayed even more pussy juice with the deeper the cock entering deeper into her womb. 

"I'll fuck you senseless, you hear?!" Hearing a threatening sentence from Kayu, Aisa felt his cock thrusting her womb faster and harder than his penetration. Her body was rocking left and right, with her slightly swollen breast humping in a circle. Kayu felt the need to grip something and grabbed her breast. Feeling the rough knead on her breast along with the humping of her pussy made Aisa moaned even louder, reaching closer to her orgasm.

Before Aisa realized it, her entire body spasmed in response to the wild pleasure running amok in her body. She screamed to her fullest, joining with Kayu's orgasmic shout. White screen appearing in her mind, her body cooled down slightly but lost its energy. Kayu took his cock out and released his grip on Aisa, causing her to collapse onto the ground. Her pussy was stained with her coitus along with Kayu's cum, oozing out from her gapping pussy, which she could feel it dripping onto her bare ankle.

Being violated once was not enough for Aisa, as the aphrodisiac feel that came from the pink effect did not completely subside. Seconds later, Aisa craved for even more sex. She carried her weak body, crawling towards Kayu, wanting his cock to pleasure her more. Having satisfied himself with a human woman, Kayu was instead irritated at her advances.

"Enough, you brainless succubus!" Kayu shouted in a thunderous tone. Perhaps Aisa was able to remember the slightest feel or fear, she stopped her path and shuddered slightly. Rejected of another pleasure by the lizardman, Aisa started massaging her still erected clit. Looking at Aisa's pitiful and mindless self, Kayu gained a bright idea.

"If you want more cock, I got a better place for you!" He took out a black dildo from a treasure chest lying around the corner. It was a dildo infused with mind controlling properties, used to control people who were watching the slut masturbating with it. Kayu planned to use her to control all the people in Beastmeh Town, so he could destroy the whole town for his ego.

Taking the dildo with him, Kayu walked closer to the mindless Aisa, who was still masturbating. He fastened a chain around Aisa's choker and pulled the chain that was fastened to Aisa's choker.

"Kyaaaa...aaahh..." Feeling the pressure of the choker, Aisa was forced out of her masturbation and crawled towards where the pressure of her choker was. Kayu was glad to have a naked human girl following him like a pet. Kayu giggled with excitement, believing his conquest will succeed this time. "Kukukukuku... Follow me to your heaven!"

As Kayu was walking outside the cave together with the collared Aisa, several other lizardmen wearing the same skull mask as Kayu, attended to Kayu. They are Kayu's underlings, who had sworn to serve him for his nefarious purposes. They saw him pulling Aisa like a pet and were impressed with it. Aisa looked at Kayu's underlings as if she got a new toy to play with.

"Hey, isn't that the human girl that paraded her naked body a few days ago?"

"That's the exhibitionist I was talking about yesterday."

"Oh... that was an amazing pet you have there, Lord Kayu!" Kayu brushed off his underlings' praise and surprises.

"Kukukuku, ain't I awesome?" answered Kayu with the same giggle he always had. He was obviously pleased with his new sex slave, but he knew that his underlings had other plans behind their praises.

"Lord Kayu, can I use her now?"

"It's a pity she looked like a young teenager, but it still gave me a boner."

"Her fresh pink hole looked delicious..."

"Lord Kayu... lend that pet to us, would you?"

Aisa's glossy eyes looked at the lizardmen, who already brandished their erected cocks. Aisa was aroused by its sight and was about to reach for one of the cocks. Kayu was annoyed by his underlings' obsessive behavior towards Aisa's naked body. Even though he knew it was due to the pink effect, he was still annoyed about it.

"Silence, you fools!" shouted Kayu loudly, while pulling his chain tightly, pulling Aisa towards him. His voice was like an absolute order to his underlings, which immediately made them keep quiet. The silence lasted for a few seconds, before Kayu giggled again.

"Kukukukuku... Have your way with her, I got something to announce." Releasing the chain on his hand, Aisa crawled towards the nearest lizardman. She played with the lizardman's glossy cock and started sucking it. Feeling a sudden spasm inside his cock, the lizardman moaned. The other lizardmen came to Aisa with the same intention.

"Me too!"

"Mine too!"

"My brother too!"

Not long after asking the mindless Aisa to service their cock, she was already servicing the lizardmen's cock through her hands, mouth and pussy. Ignoring the moans from Aisa and his underlings, Kayu cleared his throat, preparing his plans in his head.

"It's time for Operation Conquest 2!' announced Kayu, with his evil yellow light gleaming from his eyes. His underling lizardmen, who were still being serviced by Aisa's body, were listening to his announcement half-heartedly. 
