 (I would like to start off by saying I'm sorry for such a long period of time between chapters 3 and 4. between personal stuff that took me away from the sight for a while and then having problems getting back into the swing of this story I had trouble getting this chapter finished. I do have outlines for the next few chapters and hope to flush them out into full chapters soon. Thank you for your patience and I hope you enjoy.)

(All characters depicted in any form of sexual activity are 18 years of age or older)

I would like to thank my editor AnybodyTG.

*****

The Clint family was still trying to wrap their heads around the strange circumstances they found themselves in. After a trip to a fortune teller Mindy Clint, 42 year old wife and mother of two, and Jason Clint, 18 year old soon to be college student, had woken up this morning to find that they had swapped bodies. In an effort to find out what exactly happen to them and hopefully reverse it Catie Clint was currently driving her mixed up mom and brother back to the carnival where it all began.

However strange the circumstance they currently found themselves the mother and son still couldn't help the new sensations that came with their new bodies. Mindy sitting in the back seat, something she hasn't done in years, couldn't help but enjoy the feeling the constant vibrations of the rough road was sending to her new cock. She desperately hoped that neither of her children could see the large tent she was sporting in her jeans.

In the front passenger seat, Jason was not doing as well a job hiding his enjoyment twice already since they left their house he had to be told to stop feeling himself up or rubbing his excited pussy through the jeans he was wearing. As sneakily as he could he had managed to slip one hand down his jeans and was softly rubbing his gushing slit but the doubled pleasure of his fingers and the sudden jolt of hitting a large pothole made him left loose with a deep happy moan.

"Oh my god, Jason! Are you seriously playing with yourself again!?"

"God I'm sorry but it just feels so good I truly do not understand how woman make it through the day without fingering themselves to a mind blowing climax," he moans as he removes his hand from his jeans and his pussy.

"Not all woman do son," Mindy says in his old body from the back seat, "I've been known to sneak away for a little me time from time to time."

"God mom I don't need to know these things and he doesn't need any encouraging," Catie snaps.

"First off young lady I don't believe for a second you have never enjoyed a little self-love and second off I said I sneak off to do it not do it in a moving car with my family sitting next to me."

"I never said I haven't either and you do realize mom that right now I am older than you and your older sister not your daughter." Catie grins back at her brother reflection in the mirror. As a response, Mindy smiles and flips her off making all three family members laugh.

***

When they finally reach the fairgrounds Mindy and Jason bolt out of the car as soon as it is parked leaving Catie to rush to keep up with them. They practically run through the fairgrounds as they make their way to where Mistress Sophia's tent had been the day before. In their rush to reach the tent, Jason and Mindy didn't notice the stares they were getting from people as they ran past; a teenage boy running just ahead of a gorgeous MILF in very revealing clothes. Catie on the other hand would have been laughing her ass off at the people's faces if it weren't for the urgency of the situation.

Upon seeing the tent Jason lets out a deep sigh as a part of him was half expecting there to be just an empty space where the tent had been. The three Clints barge into the tent not caring whom else might be inside and find it empty with the exception of Mistress Sophia sitting on the ground still only wearing the silk wrap with her eyes closed chanting something that they couldn't make out. 

When she finishes she stands ups and smiles "I see the potion I gave you worked." 

Jason in Mindy's busty MILF body gets in her face "What the fuck did you do to us!?" 

"What you asked for." 

Mindy jumps forward, "I don't remember either of us asking to be turned into each other." 

"No but you wished to see the world through the other's eyes which is what I did." 

"Well undo it lady," Jason screams.

"I cannot," Sophia simply answers.

"Wait what do you mean you cannot why can't you?" Mindy asks with a touch of fear to her voice.

"I told you before you took the potion that once done this could not be undone for a full rotation of the Earth around the sun." 

"So we're stuck like this for a day and then we go back?" Jason asks not thinking clearly in his confused state. 

"No it means we are stuck like this for a year," Mindy says sadly. 

"That is right and even then you must drink of the same potion as before to return to your own bodies," Sophia says. 

"Why the fuck can't we just take it again now and switch back tonight while we sleep?" Jason yells.

"The magic does not work in that manner. If you were to ingest the potion again before the full year has passed your minds would become jumbled neither Mindy nor Jason but also both." 

Shocked Mindy and Jason just stand there silently going over what this means. Catie finally speaks, "What if a third person were involved?"

"Involved how?'' Sophia asks.

"Well what if mom and I took the potion today so tonight I would be in Jason's body and mom would be in mine then tomorrow Jason and I took the potion so I would be mom and Jason himself then the next day mom and I took it again putting us back in our own bodies. Would that work?"

"Will it?" Both Mindy and Jason ask almost desperately.

Sophia still with a calm almost uncaring tone says, "No all that would do is scrabble all your minds amongst three bodies and loose everything that makes you individuals and in all likely hood kill one if not all three bodies in the process."

"So in other words no matter what we are stuck as each other for a year with no chance of changing this?" Jason asks. 

"Yes you may return to me in a year's time if by that time you still wish to return to your old lives," Sophia says as she walks into the back portion of the tent. 

Jason, angry, rushes after her, but when he pulls the curtain aside the back room is now empty with no sign of Sophia, "She's gone!" 

Mindy sits down on the ground and starts crying. Jason and Catie do their best to console her, a strange feeling for Jason as he kneels next to his own body trying to console it. When she finally calms enough to speak she says, "This is all my fault." 

Jason just as scared and shocked as his mother does his best to relax her, "Mom I know I blamed you earlier but this isn't your doing! You just wanted to be closer to your son and this witch bitch twisted that into something else and tricked us into what has happened. Don't blame yourself."

Mindy starts crying again, and hugs her son tightly and despite herself starts giggling. 

"Mom? Are you alright why are you laughing?" Catie asks, suddenly concerned for her mother's sanity. 

"Oh god I shouldn't be laughing but being hugged by my own body and having my own boobs mashed against my face is just so bizarre... and somehow funny," she answers still laughing.

Jason and Catie soon join in and after a few minutes the shock of their strange situation begins fading away, leaving them with just one question... 

WHAT NOW?