 Summary: An X-rated science fiction story. Debbie and Brian are two explorers from Earth sent to an alien planet to recover a crashed surveillance satellite. On the surface live the Longtons, a humanoid, pre-industrial revolution culture where the women are subservient to the males. Debbie soon discovers why the women willingly allow themselves to be subservient, and in the end she wants to stay (M/F, F/M, exh, size, bond).

* * * * * 

Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * * *

I catch him doing it while lying next to me. It occurs at the edge of the desert, in a small tent at the last oasis before we reach the forest.

We arrived at the oasis three hours earlier with me behind the wheel. Thoughts of his big cock slowly diminished. A woman, after all, can only think about cock for so long. My thoughts returned back to the business of driving.

Brian's interest in my size diminished too. I saw it for myself - first hand. A few minutes after his cock left my mind, I looked over to see him soft. The sight disappointed me, although I don't think he ever softened completely.

We arrived at 3:00 AM at the last oasis. The plan was to hide the jeep, set up camp, and get a few hours sleep before trekking the last 2 miles across the desert to the protection of the forest. We arrived earlier than originally planned. The supposed "experts" were wrong in their estimate of the jeep's travel time across the desert. The sun rose late at this high latitude and was not due for another 4 hours.

The first order of business was to unpack the jeep. We were each provided with a backpack to carry the essential supplies: food, water, clothing, emergency survival equipment, and a small tent. Our only conveniences - if they could even be called conveniences - were cooking utensils and some precious stones to be used for currency. I suppose we were no different than a traveler of a thousand years before except for a miniature radio and Geiger counter cleverly hidden away within the fabric of our backpacks. We used the radio to make a quick check with the Crion to inform them we were still alive.

We next drove the jeep a few feet out into the desert. We drove it away from the oasis to hide it between two sand dunes. Then we covered it with a sand-colored mesh and shoveled sand around the edges to make sure it stayed covered in the blowing wind. The shoveling took a lot of work and did a good job at preparing us for bed. The two of us staggered back to the oasis exhausted by the time the job was done. We jumped into the cold water to wash up, put up the tent, and squeezed in. Naturally, we brought only one tent along. For reasons of security and since we were supposed to be traveling as a couple, we logically carried only a single tent. Separate tents would create suspicions if seen by the occasional desert traveler.

I normally wear only a T-shirt and panty to bed, and this night proved no different. The only problem was that I carried no T- shirt, so I went to bed topless.

Brian lay close next to me. I figured he wanted sex - and I have to admit that I was really tempted too - but it just wasn't practical.

"We better go right to sleep," I told him as he crawled in naked beside me. "It will be a long, hot walk across the desert, and we only have two hours before daybreak."

He agreed, although seemingly reluctantly.

I don't know if Brian slept, but I know I did. I passed out right away. The excitement of the previous five-hour drive across the desert made me exhausted.

* * * * *

I awake droopily to the sound of water and to the hint of daylight seeping through the tent walls. It takes me a few seconds to realize where I am, but then I open my right eye to see Brian lying next to me.

I see him with his head propped up and a smile on his face. He seems to be looking at something at the other end of the tent and making motions with his hand. It takes me a while to figure it out in my half-wakened condition, although now I know for certain. I have caught him in the act. He masturbates himself.

I lie on my stomach and listen. The thing he is looking at, I know, is my ass. My panty is nothing more than a thong in the rear that leaves my ass mostly-bare. I know what fuels his ecstasy.

I close my eyes again, unsure what to do. 'Should I pretend I'm sleeping?' I ask myself. 'Or should I wake up and confront him?' 

I decide to do nothing - at least for now. His masturbating actually turns me on a little. I picture it in my mind, his hand running up and down the length of his erection. I hear he must be very wet. I wonder what his shiny, cream-covered cock looks like in the daylight. 

I find it a wonderful experience to wake up to, a naked man lying beside me with his hand around his wet cock. His stroking makes me more and more aroused. I think I even start to get wet, and I feel even hotter than I realize the sight of my half-naked ass drives him. I wonder what effect my bare tits will have, and then have an idea.

I sit up quickly to take a look. It is too fast for him to respond. Before he realizes I am awake, I see him make two more full- length strokes up and then back down the length of his hard erection.

"Having fun?" I question.

He quickly tries to recover. He stops stroking and turns to the side.

"No!" I tell him. "I want to watch."

This shocks him. "Debbie!" He cries out in surprise.

It looks as though the sun must be just starting to peek above the horizon, for a faint light enters the tent. It is enough for me to clearly see the head of his organ poke through the top of his hand even when he turns to the side. I also see his hand is covered with moisture.

"You heard me," I tell him. "I've been listening to what you were doing, now let me watch!" I can't help but think back to my fantasy, the fantasy where a hardened organ stands at the side of my bed and its owner begins masturbating it at my command.

He doesn't say anything. Brian just lies there on his side and looks at me. I catch him taking a glance down at my bare tits. I can tell he likes them.

Then he slowly turns back over and lies on his back again. I see his full erection now, and I see it much clearer than the night before. It looks wet enough for the weak light to sparkle off its surface. I see he has pre-cummed quite considerably, and it makes me excited knowing it is all due to the sight of my ass.

Slowly, his hand goes back down. It moves towards his engorged erection and then surrounds it. He grabs himself again.

"That's nice," I tell him.

He starts. His hand starts out slow, slowly running up the length of his member and then sliding back down again. The tip of his cock points at me. I see it visibly pre-cumm, and then I see his hand spread it all around on the next stroke.

"That's nice," I tell him again. 

I have never watched a man masturbate himself before. I've done it myself a few times but never watched a man go a solo. The sight makes me feel surprisingly erotic, but I want to see more.

"Perhaps this may help," I tell him as I get up on my knees. The tent is small and not very high. I cannot stand up, even on my knees. I kneel with one leg on each side of his feet. I am forced to bend over, letting my tits sag down in front of me.

"Oh jes..." Brian starts to say, letting me know that he likes me better in this position. It is like catching a man looking down the front of my blouse, except I have no blouse to get in the way. I know this amplifies the size of my tits. He starts to stroke faster.

I like him better in this position too. I am now closer to his cock than any time before. There is also a lot more to like. From above, I see his entire length. It is easy to see the prominent veins bulging out of his engorged staff.

"That's the way," I tell him. "Just a little more. Let me see."

He looks close, very close. His mouth hangs open, and I notice his eyes are looking directly at my sagging tits. I sway my chest back and forth for an instant to show them move.

I only have to do it once and Brian cums immediately. He first lets out a low moan and looks away from my body. His waist rises and his hand stops its stroking action. A moment later he erupts.

He erupts with a vengeance. It is a powerful orgasm. I see why he couldn't sleep and decided to jerk himself off instead. No doubt, he has been holding out for a long time. I can see that his balls were quite loaded.

The first squirt goes a good distance and lands on his chest. The second drops on his belly. Then he has three more, and still his dick continues to shake and pulsate with energy. It looks as though he is experiencing an unusually powerful orgasm, which momentarily wants me to have one of my own.

"That's nice," I tell him a third time. "That was very nice. You put on a good show."

He slowly calms back down again.

So do I, and then I think about what I have just done. I can't believe it! I have just witnessed a coworker jack himself off. Even worse, I enjoyed it.

I come back to my senses and crawl out of the tent. I still can't believe it! I momentarily walk around in a daze, and then I run into the spring that serves as the source of the oasis. The water feels soothing. It momentarily makes me think that perhaps the experience was only a dream.

Brian soon joins me. I pop my head up out of the water and see him walk towards me in the nude. He is flaccid, and I see an incredibly sexy line of spunk run down the middle of his chest. It reminds me of what I have just witnessed.

As he walks in, I walk out. I do not want to be near him. I do not know why, but I just know that I need time to think and sort things out.

"Thanks," He quietly says as we pass near. It is the only thing either one of us says.

* * * * * 

We leave a few minutes later for the last leg of our journey. As soon as Brian silently packs the tent and I get a few berries out of our backpack to eat, we set out. Our job is to trek by foot across the last 2 miles of sand to reach a jagged outcropping of the Northern Forest. This is also the most dangerous part of our journey, but essential. Anyone caught out in the open desert can easily die from heat and thirst, yet we must also hide the jeep far from civilization. Our only option is to walk the last, short segment.

I do fine the first half of the journey. The backpack feels heavy, but I do all right. I wish the load could be lightened by the use of modern plastics and fabrics, but that might "contaminate" the world we are about to enter.

"I need to stop," I eventually must admit to Brian. My legs ache. I pant with exertion. Despite the bikini around my body, I feel hot and sweaty under the bright morning sun.

"Not yet," He warns. "We need to keep going. It will only get worse if we take a break."

I realize it is the first thing I have said to him since watching him eject. It feels weird, talking to a guy who I just watched jerk himself off, but I try to put it out of my mind.

"I really need to stop," I tell him again a few minutes later. I feel myself stumble. Up the next sand dune, my feet slip and it feels as though I am moving in place.

"All right, but only for a minute," He sits down at the top.

I sit down along side him and quickly take a deep drink of water from the canteen in my backpack. It is almost gone.

"We're behind schedule," He warns. "It's only going to get hotter."

"I know! I know!" I pant. "But I have to rest. I'm not as strong or resilient as you."

"You've spent too much time sitting in that lab of yours."

"You're right," I have to admit.

We rest for only a few seconds - or at least it seems like only a few seconds. Brian soon rises, and I reluctantly join him.

I think he walks faster after the brief rest. I can hardly keep up, especially when we walk up the face of the next dune and then the one following. It isn't bad going down, but the uphill journey makes my legs ache. Brian soon pulls out in front of me. I have to admit that he is in excellent physical shape, being a marine and all.

"Not so fast," I yell to him, but he does not seem to hear. He pulls further ahead without looking back.

I see trees in the distance. I think they pull him, and then they begin to pull me. The trees look too numerous to be just another oasis. Clearly, we approach the edge of the Northern Forest.

My shoulders ache from the combination of the backpack and my bikini top. I cannot do anything about the backpack, but I realize I can do something about the bikini. I take the straps off and allow my big boobs to protrude free. The bikini does not offer much cover anyway, and I no longer worry about Brian seeing me; especially after what I saw of him.

Brian soon pulls a full sand dune ahead of me. I only see his tracks from the bottom. We go over three more peaks before I think he must notice my topless state, for he stops and waits for me to catch up. 

"I need another rest," I tell him. "Just for a minute."

"But we only have another hundred feet to go!"

"I don't care," I object. "I need to rest anyway."

I take the last drink of water from my canteen.

"Here, have some of mine," He offers his own canteen as he stands next to me. "We should find a river about a mile into those trees," He points. "Have as much as you want."

I can't believe how thirsty I am. And I can't believe how exhausted I feel. The combination of the hot temperature, high humidity, and little sleep make me feel like I am about to die. I begin to wonder if I might be coming down with something, like maybe a strange virus from this alien planet. I am so exhausted I almost forget about my topless condition.

"Come on," Brian soon wants to continue. "We need to get a move on."

"Not already," I complain.

"Give me your pack," He takes me by the arm and pulls off my backpack. "I'll carry both, but only to the edge of the forest."

The absence of the backpack helps a lot. I no longer stumble. My feet do not seem to sink as far into the sand. It feels as though I almost float over the top of the dunes now. I even think about putting my top back on, but then decide Brian deserves the reward for carrying my pack.

"We need to get into the forest," Brian starts to jog with one pack over his shoulder and another in his hand.

I easily catch up, walking faster and then jogging like he does. I do not see it at first, but then notice him look over to me. I realize he looks at my tits, admiring them as they bounce and sway with my steps. I again consider putting the top back on - or at least slowing down to stop my tits from bouncing around so much - but I no longer care. Brian is getting an eyeful, I know, but the knowledge of what he witnesses provides me with a surge of energy. For some unexplained, strangely voyeuristic reason, I continue to jog right beside him.

"Race you to the first tree," He challenges as he pulls out ahead.

I strain to catch up. My tits fly all around. I can't believe he is in such good shape. Even with the penalty of two packs, I can hardly keep up to him.

We advance quickly. The last few feet take only a few seconds to cover. The sand turns to gravel. It becomes easier to move. The trees rapidly grow before us.

"Hold on!" I nearly double over with exhaustion within the shadow of the first tree I find. Brian already touches it. He has won the race. I bend over in defeat, putting my hands on my knees, gasping for breath in the heavy alien atmosphere.

Immediately, I feel Brian again. I feel him look at me from the front, and then I realize what he sees. I am bent over with my big boobs sagging down out of my chest. It is like the tent all over again. 'What a tremendous sight Brian has before him!' I can't help but think to myself.

I sit down in the shade of one of the trees. On the one hand it feels embarrassing. On the other I feel a strange twinge of excitement. It is as though I want to feel embarrassed at having shown myself in such a position, but there is also a sense of excitement about being in such a provocative pose.

"Time to take your own pack," He hands it over to me.

I hear him pant too. Both of us are exhausted. Running the last few feet may have been a mistake.

I take the pack and notice he wears another bulge. It has been less than two hours. He has excellent resurgence.

"Let me see you do it again," I giggle as I look down upon it. I mean it as a joke, but he takes it seriously.

To be continued...

Comments welcome