 Chapter 5: Nabo

Summary: An X-rated science fiction story. Debbie and Brian are two explorers from Earth sent to an alien planet to recover a crashed surveillance satellite. On the surface live the Longtons, a humanoid, pre-industrial revolution culture where the women are subservient to the males. Debbie soon discovers why the women willingly allow themselves to be subservient, and in the end she wants to stay (M/F, F/M, exh, size, bond).

* * * * * 

Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * *

We come to another large river about a mile down the path. It is not as wide but deeper than the first. I change back into the bikini to cross.

We carefully carry our backpacks above our heads to keep them dry. The refreshing water reaches almost up to my chest. The village of Nabo, I know, is only a short distance up stream. The river serves as its life-giving source.

Our first indication of a settlement is smoke rising through a break in the trees. A minute later we notice a well-hidden Longton home standing almost next to us, built into the side of the hill and looking a lot like Jelick's and Daniel's. I can't help but wonder if it has a similar bedroom.

"Hello," Brian cries out to a young man walking on a perpendicular path to our own, carrying two baskets slung over his shoulders, each hanging at one end of a long pole. "Me look Nabo."

"Me Nabo!" The young man pads himself on the chest. He answers with so much excitement that water spills from the buckets. Then he races through to trees to meet us, the pails banging against trunks as he haphazardly tries to balance them in opposition to his quick steps. 

He jumps onto our path and approaches us with no obvious fear or hesitance at the sight of strangers. I am reminded once again that the Longtons are a friendly, carefree people with a natural trust of everyone. He looks to be a young man, perhaps 15 years of age. I also notice he looks right at me. I distinctly notice his eyes point directly at my chest with no noticeable discretion. My natural reaction is to cover myself and criticize the boy for being so rude, but I quickly remember the culture.

"Me Brian," Brian introduces himself. "Servant Debbie," He points to me.

"Me Gregoros," He says his own name. "This Nabo. Follow! Follow!"

He finally pulls his attention away from my boobs and leads us towards the source of the smoke. We do not have far to go. I notice my bikini bottom remains damp from crossing the river only a few minutes earlier, despite the hot temperature.

"Visitors! Visitors!" He cries out.

A dozen Longtonese seem to appear out of nowhere, walking out of the many cleverly disguised houses nestled into the hillside. Doors open out of what first looks to be raw earth. A dozen and then a dozen more Longtons curiously walk out of the relative cool of their houses to check out the curiosity.

"Welcome! Welcome!" They speak almost all at once, joyous at our arrival. One of them grabs my arm. I feel a child around my leg. They push and pull us along, leading us to the center of the village. I see dense, white smoke emulating from a pile of green leaves. It stands in a clearing, the only spot in the village not in shade. Direct sunlight illuminates the column of white smoke like a beacon.

We approach the clearing, but do not enter. Wooden benches surround it. So do tables. I recognize it as the main gathering area of the village, a meeting place common to all villages. The smoke, I figure, is for some sort of communal feast. It looks as though we stumbled into some sort of festival.

The Longtons surround us. Some are old. Most are young. I struggle to understand the multitude of voices.

"What village from?" Several ask.

"Where travel to?"

"Where travel from?"

They ask question after question. I feel as though we are the first strangers they have met in years, although I know this cannot be true. Many Longtons go on long quests. From our hidden microphones, we know a village typically receives about five visitors per year.

"Stop! Stop!" Brian waves his hand. "We far land from. Speak not well. Must stop. Speak slow."

They slow down and ask us similar questions as Jelick and Daniel. Brian answers by himself at first. I later help after giving him a gentle nudge to remind him to introduce me. As we continue, I notice an increased number of questions directed at me as they realize my greater comprehension of their language.

The Longtons are a talkative, inquisitive people who appear genuinely interested to know where we come from and to hear stories about our travels. Many times they become so excited they cannot keep quite. Several talk at once, and many do not bother to wait for an answer from another because they ask a question themselves. They turn especially interested when they discover we have traveled an uncommonly long distance.

More and more villagers join us. I noticed most of the later arrivals are young men, which is easy for me to notice due to the way they look at me. I find myself soon faced with at least a dozen interested young men to look upon my bikini-clad body. Like the others, they are not shy about looking. It feels humiliating, but there is also a thrill about it. The more they look, the more they silently compliment. I can't help but feel as though I am a performer up on stage in a strip joint.

I also see women, but they remain in the background. Most are dressed in bikinis like me. A few wear the more revealing vertical swimsuits. I can tell Brian wants to take in interest in them, but he is concentrated so much on the language he does not have time to take notice. None of the women, I see, looks quite as big as me - Not quite as big, that is, in the boob department. They all appear to be closer to the A or B cup variety, which tells me why the men look at me so. It appears as though it has been some time since these men had the opportunity to see a pair of double-Ds.

I soon find myself almost forgetting about my meager clothing. The men seem to grow accustomed to my sight, and I suppose I also start to grow accustomed to their eyes upon me. I begin to relax and feel more comfortable - until I discover the reason for the smoke rising out of the clearing.

"It be feast!" One of the Longtons tells us.

"We trap," A group of proud men tell us. "Two days ago. Catch orghingtal. Very good eat."

An orghintal resembles a deer and is supposedly very good eating. I am anxious to try it, but I have trouble thinking about food. 'Feast' keeps playing in my ears. 'Tonight is a feast!' The village of Nabo will have a feast and a celebration, and the Longtons always dress up for feasts and calibrations, especially the women. I realize I will have to change into my most formal attire, which is the toga. I quickly comprehend I will soon be showing all these men my bare tit and nipple.

* * * * * 

"Not so soon!" I complain to Brian as soon as we get away and are alone again. "I never expected to wear the toga so soon! I want more time to get used to the bikini."

"You don't have a choice," He attempts to calm me with little success. "It's probably a good thing I made you wear it in front of Jelick and Daniel. At least they gave you some time to get used to it."

"But this is different!" I try to explain. "Jelick and Daniel were just two men. There's going to be at least ten times that many tonight!"

Brian shakes his head. "But you don't have a choice. Our only other option is to sneak out of here. Is that what you want?"

I do not need to give him an answer. He already knows. I cannot jeopardize the mission.

"You'll be fine," He attempts to reassure me with a quick hug. "And if you're good, maybe afterwards I can give you a reward."

I follow his eyes as they take a look around the room.

"Oh my!" I gasp.

I hardly noticed it before. My mind was too concerned about the toga to give it much thought, but now my eyes have grown accustomed to the dim light of the guest cabin. We stand just inside the bedroom at the bottom of the stairs.

"Oh my!" I say again as I realize we are in a similar bedroom as Jelick's and Daniel's. Chains hang from the wall. More chains lay at each corner of the bed. A row of various sized dildos sit on a shelf - all of the large variety. Pleasant to my surprise, the room is furnished in a similar fashion. The only additional piece of furniture is a large, X-shaped contraption in the corner of the room. Four leather buckles lay at the furthest protrusions of the X. I have little trouble guessing what they are supposed to be used for.

"You like?" Brian asks simply.

"Yes," I swallow hard. "I like very much."

I notice a great big smile forms on his lips, telling me he looks forward to tying me up and teasing me into multiple orgasms. I look forward to it too.

"It appears as though all Longton bedrooms are like this," He walks over to the X-shaped contraption to take a closer look. "Or maybe it's only the guest houses. I'll have to check into it later."

He feels one of the leather straps as though testing its bonds. It makes me think of a woman's wrist inside it, and then I can't help but wonder what it will feel like to be secured myself. My arms will be pulled high above me. My legs will be stretched a great distance apart. At the same time, I know, I will be naked. Maybe not at first, but soon after Brian shackles me down he will be sure to remove my bikini top and then untie my bottom. I can't wait to feel one of the dildos again.

"It's just that none of the other expeditions ever mentioned it," He interrupts my brief fantasy. "I can't figure it out! Maybe they were too embarrassed to report it, or maybe they encountered a different sect that didn't practice such exotic forms of sex."

I wonder myself. I cannot take my eyes off the X-shaped contraption and its leather bonds. I step up to take a closer look. I feel the leather bonds after Brian is done. The touch exhilarates my senses. I realize I will soon get to test it out for myself, first hand.

Our Longton hosts showed us the cabin after an extensive question and answer session, where they asked the questions and we provided the answers. I don't know how long we talked or how many questions we answered, but I think it lasted for nearly an hour. Finally, one of the leaders spoke up and suggested everyone get ready for the feast.

"Food done cook," He told us. "Good feast. Talk later."

He separated us from the others and showed us to the guest cabin. Every Longton village has a guest cabin. Smaller than the others and with only a single bedroom, Longtons will courteously construct a cabin for the occasional visitor before they even finish the permanent homes for themselves.

"You make ready for feast," He told us as he opened the door for Brian but did not bother with me. "Must change cloths. Wear festival cloths."

He looked curiously at my chest as he spoke, instantly washing away my last remnant of hope. I briefly hoped the feast might be a non-formal, family-type get together were we would all wear normal clothing - or at least normal by Longton standards. But his final words and the way he looked at me said otherwise. I instinctively knew what was on his mind.

Brian took me downstairs, but I don't think I even realized where we were going. My mind still reeled with his words. My thoughts only concentrated on a picture of myself in the toga. I didn't even see the sex toys upon first entering. I only came back to reality after Brian pointed them out.

* * * * *

"There's no time for that now," Brian pulls my hand away from the strap. "You better get ready. He said the food was done, and I'm sure they won't start without their visitors."

The leather strap of the X-shaped contraption is an interesting diversion, but Brian quickly pulls my mind away from exotic thoughts of intercourse and back to the humiliating experience of exposure.

"This is going to be very difficult," I turn to him.

He hopelessly tries to console me. "Just try not to think about it. You did fine with Jelick and Daniel. This won't be much different."

"But you don't get it," I try to make him understand. "It's impossible not to think about it! Don't you notice the way they all stare at my chest?"

He nods his head.

"How do you expect me not to think about it when they constantly remind me?" I try to explain. "Jelick and Daniel gave me a short break once in a while. But now, as soon as I go out there, I know there's constantly going to be an eye on my bare tit the entire time."

He considers this. I think I am getting through to him.

"It's the young men especially," I explain further. "They don't look at my face. When they talk to me, I see them look right at my chest. I already noticed it with the bikini. I can't imagine what it will be like with one of these big things exposed."

I look down upon my own naked chest. I've already taken off the bikini. My boobs look bigger than ever.

"But what other choice do you have?" He questions simply.

I no longer think I am getting through to him - or maybe I am. His words do nothing to console me, but I realize they are truthful. I really don't have any other choice in the matter. We must either abandon the mission or I must show them my boob.

Brian holds the toga but does not hand it to me. Instead, he only looks. He looks at my bare chest, but I don't mind.

"I'm sorry," I tell him. "I guess I'm just feeling sorry for myself, but it is still going to be very difficult!"

"I know!" He agrees. "But you volunteered for this mission. You knew what you were getting into. Now it's time to earn your pay."

I turn around to take off my panty and put on the meager toga.

* * * * * 

My only comfort is that night approaches. The incessant Longton sun has disappeared from sight. I hold Brian back and prevent him from joining our hosts until the shadows disappear and dusk protects me.

But finally we must leave. A crowd already gathers outside. They want to ask us more questions. And, I know, the young men are anxious to see what I will look like in a toga.

I already see other women in togas. I sneak peaks at them through the corner window and the crack in the door. Six bare boobs casually mull around the trees outside our guest cabin. I can't help but notice the largest among them has only half my fullness.

I also see men; tall, young, sparsely clad men with well-muscled bodies waiting for me outside. If not for their connected eyebrows and flat noses, they might even look handsome. I can't help but imagine what they hide under their loincloths. It remains light enough outside to see them, just as it will be light enough for them to see me.

"We better go," Brian urges. "They probably wonder what is taking us so long."

He is right, I know. I cannot hold back the inevitable any longer.

"Are you all right to go out?" He questions.

I nod my head. "Might as well get it over with!"

"Try not to think about what you are wearing," He attempts to advise me with no success. "Concentrate on their words. I'm going to need lots of help in trying to understand all they say. Their words should hopefully take your attention away from their eyes."

I nod my head again.

"And just remember it will get better," He takes hold of the wooden door handle. "The beginning will be the worse, and then you will gradually get accustomed to it. You'll do fine!"

He opens the door and exposes me to a dozen hungry eyes.

"They ready!" Someone shouts.

"Feast begin!"

"Brian! Debbie ready!"

They almost run towards us.

Someone takes my right arm. Another takes my left. The grips of two young children, no more than ten years old, pull me along. More children hold Brian's arms. They lead us towards the center of the village and the smoking embers of the fire.

I feel the eyes attack me as soon as we step outside.

"I like!" I notice one of them speak.

"Wow!" I hear another.

They refuse to hold back. I think I blush red with embarrassment. About ten pairs of eyes are suddenly upon me.

Luckily, the pull of the children quickly relieves my humiliation. They pull us quickly, away from the others, leaving the men lusting in the rear. For a few seconds I am left alone.

But then I see the roaring fire up ahead. The center of the camp no longer contains a smoldering, smoking pit of leaf-covered goodies. Someone has removed the leaves and food to replace them with timber. The fire roars furiously. I think only of its bright light for all to see me by.

The children make it worse because they hold my arms - but perhaps that is a good thing. They prevent me from running away or trying to cover myself as the villagers stand up from the fallen logs to greet us.

"Not fast!" Brian tells the children. "Slow. More time eat time."

I am thankful for Brian's words. The children almost have us running towards the fire, and I certainly don't want to run. Thankfully, they listen to Brian's words and slow to a walk.

"Visitor Brian," The leader of the village steps to the front. "And lovely Servant Debbie."

His eyes grind into my exposed chest. I feel them clearly, along with every other male in the village, and it makes me feel very uncomfortable.

He bows, and I am forced to take a bow in reply - just like I had to do with Daniel and Jelick earlier in the day. The eyes continue to pierce me.

"Yes, lovely," He sighs in response, making me feel even more uncomfortable. "Welcome Visitors. Nabo feast. Guest honor, you be. Come."

The children leave us. The leader motions to an empty log for us to sit down upon. The furnishings are not fancy, but then I don't expect much. I feel as though I am back on a Girl Scout campout - except for the exposed breast.

"You guest," A heavy clay plate full of food is handed to each of us by a cute young lady similarly dressed in a toga just like me. I realize she must still be young, only perhaps 16 years old by Earth standards. I can tell her age by the firmness of her boob: good size yet still firm and pert.

And then I think of my own boob and what these men can all tell about me. 'Do they know I've never bore children?' I question to myself. 'Can they tell my nipple has never been suckled?' 

"Eat! Taste!" I hear. The words divert my thoughts back to the plate I hold in my hands.

"Good!" Brian says. "Good! Good! Taste Debbie! Good."

The food on my plate looks delicious. It even smells good. I don't know the name of most of the items, but after spending the last 24 hours eating cold sandwiches it makes my mouth water.

It really does taste good; even delicious. I especially enjoy the meat of the orghingtal. It is spicy and tastes like a wild beast. Even the vegetables and bread are delicious. I savor food with a spicy, wild, and even a bit of a smoky taste to it. It reminds me of the barbeques my father used to cook. It is so good it makes me momentarily forget about the clothing I wear.

The others start to eat immediately after us. The Longtons first fill everyone's plate, dividing the food in equal proportions between the adults and then smaller proportions to the children. Only after everyone has a plate full of food do they start to eat.

The Longtons look as though they haven't eaten in days. They attack their plates like wild beasts. No one speaks. They only eat. Silverware isn't used; only fingers. Eating utensils haven't yet been invented on Longton. We drink a type of iced tea from heavy clay cups.

"Good!" Brian speaks after he is done. "Could eat more."

I give him a poke with my elbow. He has made a mistake. I would like to eat more too, but I know there will be no more. My research has taught me that Longtons equally divide food amongst the villagers and then save the rest. No one goes back for seconds. No one person is given priority or provided with extra helpings. I realize that may be why no one is fat, and it is probably why all the men have such gorgeous hunk bodies.
