 Chapter 6: Witness

D+2

Summary: An X-rated science fiction story. Debbie and Brian are two explorers from Earth sent to an alien planet to recover a crashed surveillance satellite. On the surface live the Longtons, a humanoid, pre-industrial revolution culture where the women are subservient to the males. Debbie soon discovers why the women willingly allow themselves to be subservient, and in the end she wants to stay (M/F, F/M, exh, size, bond).

* * * * * 

Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * *

"I have something to tell you," Brian takes me aside. "But I'm not sure if I want to tell you."

It is the next morning, the start of our first full day among the Longtons. Brian has just returned from a swim in the river. Except for the aged and the young boys, all male Longtons walked to the river to bath. Brian naturally went along with them.

"What happened?" I question as he takes me by the arm and leads me away from the communal cooking area. "Are we in danger? Did something happen? Do we have to leave?" I immediately assume the worse.

"Not that!" He says only, calming my fears but giving little other assurance. I thought maybe the Longtons discovered a lie and we had to sneak out of camp.

"Is it the satellite?" I take another guess. "Is it something with the satellite? Did someone already get hurt by it?"

"Not that either," He answers succinctly. "It has nothing to do with the satellite at all. It's with the Longton men!"

"What about them?" I give up. "What is it? You look like you just saw a ghost!"

"Maybe I did!" He shakes his head. "I don't know! Maybe I just imagined it, but I know what I saw!"

He stops walking only after we are on the outskirts of camp. We stand amongst the trees, a hundred yards away from the nearest Longton, clearly out of listening range.

"Maybe I shouldn't even tell you!" He confesses. "Especially you, being a woman and all, maybe I shouldn't tell you. I can't believe it myself!"

"What?" I question, my curiosity rising. "Stop talking in riddles. Just tell me!" 

"I saw it when I bathed with them," He speaks slowly. "I saw it when we were down by the river. At first I thought I was seeing things, but then I looked again and again. I couldn't fucking believe it!"

My curiosity turns into irritation. "Brian!" I rebuke him. "It can't be that bad! Just tell me." I have to almost beg.

He remains silent for several more seconds, but at least I can see he thinks about it. He looks as though he is contemplating how to tell me.

"It has to do with these Longton men," He finally starts. "I discovered a little detail about this planet that the previous expeditions chose not to put in their reports."

He speaks quietly, almost in a whisper. Even though no Longton is anywhere within hearing range, he talks as though they might be listening to us with hidden microphones.

"Maybe, I suppose, the other expeditions never discovered it, although I find that hard to believe. I figure they never mention it in their reports for the same reason they didn't tell us about the bedrooms. I think they maybe felt too ashamed to tell us."

His mention of the bedroom sends a shiver through my body. A hot wave of sexual energy passes over me. I think of the sex toys he used last night to give me pleasure.

"Go on," I prod him. "Don't keep me in the dark. What are you talking about?"

"I was just out at the river," He starts again. "I just got back from taking a bath with a bunch of Longton men. I saw them in the water, and they were swimming in the nude."

A second wave of sexual energy travels through my body. It hits me as soon as he sounds the single word, "nude." An image immediately forms in my mind of a group of young, handsome, and very "nude" Longton males. In particular, I picture Keviniski in the nude, casually swimming butt-naked. I cannot help but be stimulated by the thought.

"So what?" I try not to ask with too much excitement. "Of course they were nude. Why would someone take a bath with their cloths on?"

"You don't understand," He shakes his head and speaks slowly. "I'm not sure how to explain this, but when I saw them naked I couldn't help but notice these Longton men are really well built."

I laugh a little. "Is that all?" I can't help but laugh at him. "You mean you only just discovered this now? I could have told you that five seconds after we first met Daniel and Jelick!"

"No, no, no!" Brian interrupts. "That's not what I mean! It's more than that. I mean they are really well built!"

"Oh yes, I know!" I say again. "Especially that Keviniski. If not for that stubbed nose and bushy eyebrow, the guy would be a real hunk. I mean he really has some muscles on him. What a body!"

Brian shakes his head. I notice he does not laugh with me.

"I'm not talking about their muscles," He speaks very seriously. "Or at least I'm not talking about all their muscles. I'm only talking about one muscle in particular."

A thought enters my mind, but no! It can't be that! I think my mind plays tricks on me, caused by the previous day's sexual activity. It must be from my increased hormonal level.

"When I say these Longton men are really built," Brian goes on. "I'm not talking about their muscles. I'm saying they are really well built in another department. I'm talking about their equipment."

Brian brings his hand up to my mouth as though to stop me from crying out. I realize my mouth stands wide open as if I am about to let out a scream.

I finally understand! The thought in my mind is accurate. I understand his meaning, but still, I am not certain. I think it could still be my hormones.

"What exactly do you mean, equipment?" I have to ask, feeling embarrassed at the need to ask.

"You know," He sounds embarrassed too. "Their peckers."

"Oh my God!" I cry out into the palm of his hand. "Are you serious? You better not be joking with me!"

"I'm deadly serious," He answers back.

I can tell by the sound of his voice that he really is serious. Brian is not joking with me at all.

"Which one?" I have to ask. "Which one are you talking about?"

Brian looks back perplexed, but it only lasts a moment. "Not one, all of them," He speaks to my astonishment. "I'm talking about all of them! Every one of them! They are really hung!" 

His hand again rushes up to my open mouth to prevent me from crying out, even though he needs not worry. I remain too much concentrated on the image in my mind to cry out. I see Keviniski again, swimming naked in the river, except now he has a long tube of dick swinging down from between his legs. I imagine his pecker hanging halfway down to his knees.

The next question is obvious. I need to know, but I don't know quite how to ask it. I consider it awkward; too undignified for a good girl to ask.

"Well?" I attempt.

"Well what?" Brian fails to understand at all.

"You know!" I speak timidly. "I really need to know. How big are you talking about?"

He steps back and pulls his hand from my mouth. Then he looks down, down at his own loincloth, and positions his hand as if to demonstrate.

I am amazed! I can't believe it! He positions his open palm about one-third the distance from his crotch to his knees.

"You got to be kidding!" I speak in amazement.

Brian only needs to shake his head.

"Holy fuck!" I can't help but cry out with both enthusiasm and embarrassment. "I don't believe it! You're talking about..." I take a guess. "It looks like you are talking about 8 inches."

He nods his head in agreement.

"Holy fuck, I don't believe it!" I say again.

"I couldn't believe it either," Brian admits. "And I only saw them when they were still flaccid! Maybe these Longton men don't elongate as much as Earth men, but even so..."

He need not finish. "Wow!" I finish for him. "Even if they don't get any bigger they really have to be big!"

"Exactly!" He nods and continues. "And if they do elongate..."

"And if they do," I finish again. "They would have to be huge! Monstrous! How could a woman take it all?"

I feel myself smile at my own words, increasing my arousal. Unlike Brian, I see it very clearly - or at least I can fantasize about it very clearly. A fantasy quickly plays out in my mind. It is of one of the Longton men trying to take me but having trouble fitting it inside as I have orgasm after orgasm.

* * * * * 

I couldn't keep my concentration for the rest of the morning. Every time I saw a Longton male my eyes inevitably roamed down to his loincloth. And every time my eyes saw his loincloth, my mind invariably imagined the long dong on the opposite side. I think I was practically worthless all morning.

To my dismay - and delight - Longton males stayed close to me all morning. Normally, Longton men and women tend to split apart and live very different lives during the day. Longton men will go off to work in the fields, split wood, or maybe do a little hunting. The women will stay in the village to do all the miscellaneous chores necessary for a village like Nabo to function. They will cook, clean, gather water, etc. In my case, however, I needed to help translate. Brian requested I stay near him due to my greater language skills.

The men of Nabo agreed, and I know a big part of the reason why: They wanted to keep an eye on me. Specifically, they liked me around so they could keep their eyes on my tits. I thought last night would have been enough. I provided them the opportunity to look at fully exposed breast for about three hours! However, this seemed to only wet their appetite. They continued to stair at my chest.

The combination of the meager clothing around my own body and the meager clothing of the men produced predictable results. It got me horny. And along with Brian's earlier observation about their cock size, it kept me plenty horny all morning. I was soon in heat.

Part way through the morning it got even worse. It started with a simple revelation, I think about an hour before lunch. It came to me out of nowhere, like a revelation from a higher power. I'm surprised I didn't think of it sooner, but I suppose my brain could only absorb a limited amount of sexual ecstasy at one time. The revelation was wildly erotic and put me even further into heat.

It happened as I sat beside Brian and listened to a rather boring story told by one of the elder Longtons on how the village of Nabo was first founded. I listened contently, trying to pay attention and understand his words the best I could. He was saying something about flood when it hit me. I put two seemingly independent facts together and almost stopped breathing when I considered it. The elder Longton stopped speaking and looked at me confused.

I put together Brian's description of their cocks and the dildos on the shelf. Or more specifically, I thought of the large size of the Longton cocks and the large size of the dildos. I realized the two were connected. The Longton men had to really be as big and gifted as Brian described! Further, they had to elongate just like Human males! They had to grow to reach the same size of the dildos, and the largest of the dildos was about 15 inches long! Or almost three times longer than the average human male.

I don't remember anything else the elder Longton told us. In fact, I remember little else since then.

"Can we go back now?" I whisper to Brian as I walk beside him through the forest.

Two Longton men walk in front of us. They want to take us to the trap that caught the orghintal two days before. I can't help but keep my eyes on their nearly bare asses the entire way.

"Please Debbie!" Brian tries to quiet me. "Keep your panties on!"

He knows I want it! I've asked him three times already. My pussy burns for the feel of one of the dildos; preferably the next size bigger, number five. I also feel myself wet with lust and think I can even smell it. I never thought it possible for a girl to be so much in heat.

"Here," A young Longton points to a common piece of ground. Only after he stoops down to sweep back a few leaves do I see it actually covers a large pit dug into the soil and cleverly disguised with sticks and leaves.

"Good!" Brian smartly compliments him. "Brian trap if not tell. Fall in."

The Longton laughs. "No fear! We sign use."

He points out two broken tree branches just in front of the pit. I realize this is a sign for other Longtons to announce the trap and avoid falling in. We will have to remember to look for such signs on our way back to the shuttle.

"Yes! Common sign!" Brian pretends to already know.

"Sign used your village same?"

Brian ingeniously answers that the signs used by his village and those further East are of a slight variation shaped more like a V instead of an X.

"Good to know!" The Longtons all nod their heads.

"Much same," Brian concludes. "Brian think all Longtons use much same sign."

I momentarily forget about the dildos until one of the Longtons says we must start back to camp for the noon siesta. I want to run back at the mere suggestion. Brian must give me a nudge to keep me from improperly walking ahead of my male.

"Keep your panties on," He whispers three more times on the way back.

* * * * * 

"You have got to be the horniest woman I have ever met!" Brian tells me as soon as we step inside. "I wish I got to know this side of you back on Crion."

"It's these Longtons," I try to explain what I can't explain. "It's their clothing. It's their asses. It's what you told me about them earlier. And it's the sex dungeon downstairs! Oh God! This place is putting me into heat!"

"I can see that!" Brian smiles.

He sees I am already naked. Without thinking, I pull down my panties and untie my bikini straps. They lay only a few steps in from the front door.

"Please," I pant. "I really need it. Take me downstairs."

His smile becomes even bigger.

I am at his mercy. No leather yet encircles my wrists. No strap yet bounds my ankles. Yet I remain at his mercy. He has me. I ignore my inhibitions and put aside all that is proper for a proper young lady.

Brian says nothing as he takes me by the arm and leads me downstairs. A minute later I lie on the bed, face up, with my wrists and ankles stretched to the four corners. This is the first time he has tied me to the bed, and I like it.

"You are the biggest slut I have ever met," He tells me after I am secured. "Just wait until I tell the other two guys back on Crion what a slut you are. And then I'm going to tell the young guys on Atlantis too."

His words surprise me. I haven't thought about Crion for a long time. My job in the lab seems like a lifetime ago. The part of me that sat behind the computer terminal on Crion seems so different than the woman now strapped down to this bed. Brian reminds me of my deviant behavior, and it mysteriously makes me even hotter.

"You are going to have men lining up outside your apartment door," He goes on. "They will be lined up waiting for their turn on your tits and to take their turn to fuck you."

"Please no!" I momentarily revert back to my previous life. "Please, you can't tell anyone! Even your closest buddies."

I see his hands move closer. One hand moves to my tits. The other travels down to my pussy, but they do not quite touch.

"What was that?" He questions. "Did you just say that you want me to leave you alone?"

I am shocked. But more than that, I know what he wants. He teases me. He wants me to speak the opposite of what I want. If I don't... I cannot bear it.

"Please Brian!" I beg him to no avail.

"What was that?" He questions again. "What did you just ask me to tell my closest buddies?"

He is good, really good! He has me! The proper, professional woman back on Crion battles with the slut now strapped to this bed. I already know who will win. I know I have no choice. I desperately need it, but there is no way I can get off by myself, not in my current position.

I take a deep breath and say it. "Tell them," I say simply. "I want you to tell them what a slut I am."

Brian immediately rewards me for my words. One hand starts to tease my left nipple. A finger from his other hand enters my slick cunt a second later.

"What a whore!" He tells me. "Oh Debbie, you are such a slut whore!"

"I'm a whore," The battle is complete. "I'm a slut whore."

"And I'm going to tell everyone," He continues to finger my cunt and tease my left nipple. "I'm going to tell all the guys back at the station about what a cunt you are. You are such a wanton slut you will do it for free!"

"I am!" I cry out in ecstasy and orgasm right there. My back arches. I raise up my waist. Wave after wave of hot ecstasy travels through me, originating in my pussy and pulsating through the rest of my body. I can't believe it. I have orgasmed with just his touch. My body is in even greater heat than I realized.

"Oh Debbie!" You say to me with shock. "I guess our little conversation this morning affected you more than I realized."

"Oh Brian!" I pant after one of the most intense orgasms I ever experienced. "Oh God! I don't believe I came so fast!"

His finger remains inside me. I forced it deeper when I arched my back, and then he continued to finger me all through my orgasm. He still does. It feels great.

I attempt to come back down off my high and stop breathing so hard, but it is difficult with his finger still moving around inside me. Brian is an excellent finger-fucker. He knows exactly where to touch me.

"It's the straps," I admit to him, still panting from exertion. "It's everything about this planet, but I think it's mostly the straps. I've never been strapped down and fucked before."

He smiles. "I'll have to remember that when we get back to the station and tell others."

There he goes again, telling me how he is going to tell the other men. It worries me, but it also excites me. I think of sex on a regular bases; like the last 24 hours.

"Tell me really," I have to ask. "I mean no kidding around. Are you really going to tell all the other guys?"

He does not answer. Instead, his head bows down to my chest. His lips move to what is now a very hard nipple.

"Please!" I pant against the touch of his wet tongue to my sensitive nipple. "I'm serious! I don't want everyone in the lab to think I'm a slut."

He still does not answer. Brian instead uses his hand to push my big boob in from the side and make the nipple protrude further into his mouth.

I give up for the moment, but I remember that I will have to ask later. I will ask him when my body is not in such a vulnerable, helpless position, being breast-feed and finger fucked at the same time. First one boob and then the other, he gives equal time to each nipple. I want it to last forever, but I know there is something else I want more.

He stands up and walks to it, towards the shelf full of dildos. His loincloth, I notice, sticks straight out when he walks as a result of a very pronounced erection. The guy has lots of stamina. Four times yesterday and now he is ready to go again. I want him also, but there is something else I want more.

He looks at the dildos as though contemplating a major decision. Only after considerable thought does he select the one in the fourth position.

"Oh Brian!" I start to pant again as he starts walking towards me. "Please, don't start out so big. I don't think my pussy can be opened up so much at once."

"Don't worry!" He assures me. "You're stretched plenty already. I notice your twat gets stretched a little more each time."

I wonder if I should believe him or not.

"Besides, you need to be stretched," He continues. "Because I have an idea that will require you to be stretched."
