 Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * *

Chapter 7: Discovery

D+3

I have to know! I need to know! I must know! Are these Longton men really as big as Brian says? I need to satisfy my curiosity, and I think up the perfect way to do it.

Brian left me alone in the camp. He left two hours ago, before dawn, with Josh and four other Longtons. They went in search of the satellite.

I wanted to go too. I assumed I could go along at first, until the Longton men reminded me of the proper duty of a Longton woman.

"Debbie train good!" Keviniski spoke as soon as I approached close enough to be recognized in the light of his lantern. "Wake early. Help Brian."

I recognized my mistake right away. Longton women could not go along on missions of adventure. They stayed in camp where they could cook and clean.

"Debbie help Brian ready," I held my anger in check until I got back to the cabin a few minutes later.

"Male chauvinist pig!" I yelled at the stone walls after making certain to close the doors behind me. The satellite was the reason for the mission. I was the foremost expert on Longton society. I, Debbie Kitlras, was the most qualified person to look for the crashed satellite, but none of that mattered here. The only thing that really mattered on the surface of this male chauvinist planet was that I was a female.

I calmed down only when I realized how I could use the time to my advantage. Ever since Brian told me about their size I wondered. Ever since I saw Josh in the dim light of the bedroom, I questioned. 'Are their cocks really as big as Brian says they are?' I kept asking myself. 'Did I really see what I thought I saw under the loincloth? Or was it just my imagination in my heightened state of arousal?'

I have to know! I need to know! I must know! And earlier, lying in bed and sulking over my troubles, I drew up a plan.

"Madam Judith!" I speak when she comes near. "Brian wake Debbie when go find star part," I try to tell her that Brian woke me up when he left to go on his search for the satellite and I couldn't get back to sleep. "Me help not much day before. May Debbie get water today?"

I stand at the entrance to the community kitchen, which is really nothing more than an overhang with a sod roof to keep out the rain. Large clay bowls serve as basins to wash dishes. Shelves hold plates and dishes. A wooden cutting board and several small tables sit to one side, used to prepare meals.

Judith is the head female in the camp. I knew she would be hear early to start breakfast, so this is where I wait for her.

"Debbie kind!" Judith bows. I can tell she likes my offer. "Debbie guest, but may get water if Debbie like."

Water gathering is one of the hardest jobs in the camp. The river is about a quarter mile away, and it will seem a lot longer on the way back with two buckets slung over my shoulders. No one likes to get water, so only the women and young men do it.

"Debbie like!" I bow in return. "Debbie know hard, but must share. Debbie no share day before."

I do not tell her the real reason for my offer. For to gather water, I must go to the river, and it is at the river where the men take their morning swim. I have to know for certain.

Predictably, Judith accepts my request. She fits me with a long pole with buckets hanging from either end, just like the one we saw Gregoros carry upon our first arrival. It already feels heavy with the buckets empty. I know my shoulders will ache by the time I return.

She next draws me a simple diagram in the dirt to explain what path to take. I must fight the temptation to ask which path the males take, and leave almost before she finishes.

I do not expect to find Longton males. I want to, of course, but I know the chances are stacked against me. The village of Nabo is built in the middle of a river bend, on high ground; far enough away to avoid potential floods and close enough to make the water accessible. The river surrounds the village on almost three sides, so there are many places where the men could take a swim.

My plan is to listen for them. I will walk about a hundred yards, just far enough to hide myself from the village, and listen. I will try to figure out which direction they go by the sound of their voices, and then I will try to gather water from somewhere close by. If caught, I will just say that I got lost. It will not be unusual for a stranger to get lost on the complex maze of walking paths that surround a village.

I must leave quickly. I already see a few men get ready. In the short time I talked with Judith, it has grown considerably lighter and I think half the village is awake.

* * * * *

I hear them right away. Longton men love to talk. They can't help but talk all the way to the river. They sound so loud it is no wonder they use traps instead of hunting for their food. I follow them when I start to hear them head away. I attempt to follow on a parallel path.

I still hear them when I fill the buckets at the river, except this time I hear singing. I laugh when I realize one of them sings while taking a bath - I suppose the equivalent of a man on Earth singing in the shower. It must be some kind of common male law of the universe.

Feeling indecent and naughty, I attach the full buckets to the pole but then set it down. I tiptoe between the mighty trees in an attempt to get a peak at them. I sneak up like an animal upon its prey, slowly closing the distance. First I bow down low. Later I crawl on all fours. I fear one of them might see me, but the desire to see a big cock drives me nearer. A hard rock scrapes my knee. The soft soil squeezes up between my fingers. I stay close to the river, but not too close. The white cloth of my vertical swimsuit offers little camouflage. I assume some of them might already be headed back. I don't want anyone to catch a glimpse of me while they walk back on some path I cannot yet see. Up a small knoll I crawl, and then back the opposite side. The trees grow thick close to the river. They hide me well, but they also prevent me from seeing very far ahead. The singing sounds like it comes from just the opposite side of the next clump of trees, yet all I see is the blue of the water occasionally poking its way through the trees. Just then my luck changes. I freeze. Between two trees I see him, in the water, splashing himself. I see a Longton man taking a bath. Unfortunately, his back faces me, but a second later he stands up and I see his bare ass. I see he is naked. Just on the other side of that bare ass must be a huge dick. He starts to turn, but then moves to the side. The trunk of a tree suddenly blocks my view. I look around, trying to see past it, but then another tree blocks my way. I think I might have seen his dick for just a second, but it is hard to tell. I am too far away. Too many trees stand between us. I debate going closer, but it is not much of a debate. The possibility of seeing a 10 or a 12 inch-long prick pulls me in the obvious direction. I cautiously crawl forward.

Suddenly, I see him again. He moves back to the original spot before I have a chance to crawl forward by more than a few feet. I see him again between the trees, and now I see him head-on. And best of all, he looks exactly like Brian described! A long pole hangs down between his legs.

I freeze, still crawling on all fours, and stair in amazement at an organ that is at least twice as long as anything I have ever seen before. For a brief moment, I think my eyes play tricks on me. 'Maybe I only see the branch of a tree,' I wonder. 'There is no way a guy could be so long!'

But he stays within my view. I realize it is not my imagination. The man is hung longer than any man I have ever seen before. Then I notice his face. It is Jelick! It is the strong, handsome man I met at the farm, and now I see all of him. I can't believe it!

The cold water keeps it flaccid, but even in the flaccid state he looks bigger than any human male. His organ must extend down by a good 9 inches. It looks easily big enough to elongate into a foot-long steak. And not only long, but so thick and massive too! The thing looks like a monster!

I crawl forward another few feet to better hide myself behind a tree. I worry others might see me, although I see no others. Jelick looks to be alone, but I figure the rest of them must be somewhere near.

I peak around the tree to spy on him, continuing to keep on my hands and knees. My boobs plunge straight down from my chest, making them feel even bigger and heavier than usual. The fabric of the swimsuit rubs against my nipples every time I move, serving to make me hot.

To my delight, I am able to look at Jelick some more. He turns his back towards me for a few seconds, but then he keeps turning so I can see his dick again. Even his bare ass looks good, but I like his big dick a lot more. Jelick has a magnificent organ. 'If he only knew I was looking,' I can't help but think to myself. I wonder what he would do if he knew a lowly female was admiring his organ.

I listen too. I listen to him sing. He's been singing the entire time and sings in a deep, course voice, sounding very manly - or maybe I think he sounds manly just because he's got a long dick. I don't know. I think he sings well, but it is difficult to tell. Longtons do not have a strong history of song. We have few recordings of them from the hidden microphones. The song has something to do about a lost traveler, but I have a hard time translating the words. I find Longtonese a lot more difficult to decipher when it is put into a tune.

I continue looking, but every few seconds I look around for others too. I want to make sure no one else is about to come out of the water and possibly pass close to me. But I see no one. In fact, I see no one at all. I do not see anyone either in the water or on shore. 'Maybe the others don't like his singing,' I wonder. 'Maybe they went to a different bend in the river to get away from him.' I do not know much about Longton singing. Jelick's singing sounds all right, but I can tell his real talent is in the cock department.

I keep my hands buried in the dirt for several minutes while I admire his cock. I don't know how long I admire it. It seems like a long time, but my concept of time left me as soon as I caught the first glimpse of his cock. I know I must turn back and return with the water, but it is hard to tear my eyes from it.

Eventually, I must. I start to worry. 'What about the others?' I question. 'And what about the water?' They expect me back in the village. They cannot start breakfast without me.

As much as it hurts to leave, I quietly turn around and sneak my way back the same way I came.

* * * * *

The pails do not feel heavy at all on the way back to the village. I walk almost as if in a dream.

'Did I really see what I thought I saw?' I have to keep asking myself. 'Was Jelick's cock really as large as it looked?' Most of all, I wonder if he was an abnormality 'or is it possible for all the Longton men to be of equivalent size?' According to Brian they are, but I want to find out for myself. It takes little to persuade me to return to the river.

"Here water," I empty into the large caldron at the back of the kitchen. "Sorry for long time, but turn wrong. Get more."

One of the elder women makes a nod to me. She busily cuts up something that looks like green beans, seemingly too busy to speak. I turn around without another word and head back towards the river before any of them have a chance to offer to take my place.

I almost run back in the same direction from which I came. The first trip wet my appetite. On this trip I look for desert.

But I neither see nor hear anyone. No one sings. I do not hear any conversations. I stop every few feet to look and listen, but I fail to hear anything beyond the occasional rustle of wind through the trees.

Before I expect it, the river appears up ahead. The sparkle of the blue water through the trees dash any hope of catching more men. It looks as though they have all finished their baths and took the long way back to the village. Disappointed, I kneel down on the back to fill the buckets one last time.

"Hello," I hear from behind me.

I jump! My foot slips. One leg falls into the water. The other hits a rock squarely in the knee - the same knee I scraped earlier. The impact sends a sharp pain through my body, but I hardly feel it as I turn to see the incredible sight.

"Jelick sorry scare," Jelick stands no more than 10 feet behind me.

I must grab hold of a small sapling along the bank to regain my balance as the rest of my body nearly tumbles in. One leg remains in the water; the injured leg on shore. Jelick steps forward and offers his hand to help.

I can tell he just stepped out of the water, for he wears no clothing. His body still drips wet with water. My attention is immediately drawn half-way up his body, to his waist, where I see it plainly. He is not just naked, but a partial erection sticks straight out.

"Holy shit!" I can't help but cry out in English. It stands less than 3 feet away and points right at me. I see the prominent veins along the side and a big mushroom at the tip. My knee hurts like hell. I think I feel blood. But none of that matters in comparison to his cock.

"Holy shit!" I momentarily forget to breath. I can't believe the size of the thing. It is so big it scares me.

"Jelick not understand," He stands with his hand held out to me. "You Jelick's Debbie, Jelick think?"

I must look away in order to regain my composure enough to answer him. "Yes, Debbie," I confirm my name. "Meet at field, Debbie remember."

"Debbie hurt?" He questions as though I am a little child. "Me not mean scare. Help Debbie up?"

"Hurt little," I tell him. "Hit rock here," I have to point at my knee because I don't know the Longton word for it. At the same time I take advantage of the opportunity to take a closer look at him. His pole has to be at least 10 inches in length; maybe 11, and it stand at only at half mast!

"Jelick," He taps himself on the chest and apologizes once more. "Not mean to scare Debbie."

"Debbie remember Jelick," I nod. "Jelick first Nabo Debbie meet!"

He steps closer. I momentarily pull back, but in my awkward position I can't do much. I yelp as he grabs me around the waist, a hand on each thigh, and simply lifts. He lifts me completely off my feet, out of the water, and gently deposits me further up on the riverbank. I weigh 130 pounds on Earth, which I suppose is about 110 on Longton, yet he lifts me with little effort. I realize Jelick not only looks well buffed, but he is very strong too. He is a real man, or at least a real man in Longton terms.

When I stand, I stand on only one leg. The other, my right leg, remains cautiously bent. The knee continues to hurt, but not nearly as much as I pretend. I can't help but take advantage of the situation and pretend to grimace with pain as I step down on it.

"Debbie look hurt!" He tells me.

"Not hurt bad," I step down on it a second time with fewer theatrics. It really is no more than a bruise, but I want him to feel sorry for me.

"Jelick help Debbie water!"

One of the pails sits half-submerged in the water where I dropped it when he first surprised me. Jelick bends over to pick it up, and in the process I am rewarded with a great close-up of his naked ass. He picks up both pails, fills them, and then attaches them to the wooden pole. With seemingly little effort, he balances both on his right shoulder and offers himself as a crutch.

"Jelick help Debbie water," He wraps his arm around my body, just under my shoulder, bringing his fingers around to sink into the side of my big boob. The touch feels exhilarating, but I do not think he realizes where he touches. Jelick is too interested in helping me to notice.

I, in response, place my own arm around his wide body, just above his waist. It hardly reaches around, and I have to fight the temptation to reach down just a little bit further and grab a piece of hard ass.

I can't believe it! I have a naked man with a 10-inch dick helping me back to the village. We walk close, really close, with our bodies pressed up against each other. I need to step only lightly on my bad leg as he offers himself as a crutch. He squeezes me in his arm.

"Hope Debbie not care no cloths?" Jelick questions after only a few steps. "Jelick not like cloths. Wet body."

"Debbie not care," I quickly tell him, and I really don't! I don't mind at all that he wants to remain naked!

He balances two pails in one hand and me in the other. In the center stands his cock, still poking straight out at about twice the length I have ever witnessed before. I can't help but glance down and over at the thing every chance I get.

A fantasy quickly plays out in my mind. It is my standard fantasy about a naked man entering my bedroom. It is the same fantasy I considered the last time I ordered Brian around. Now I think about it again, except with Jelick, a much larger man.

He enters naked, and I can tell right away he is larger than any other. His dick droops half way down to his knees. I wonder what it will look like in the hardened state, so I naturally order him to show me.

And then I notice it. Jelick interrupts my fantasy. He interrupts it with his cock. On one of my casual glances, I see it points up at a sharper angle than before. It even looks a little bit longer - hard as that is to believe. Or maybe it only appears longer because I see it from the side; a side profile of a magnificent cock. And not only long, but it looks plenty wide too. I can't help but keep my eyes firmly locked on it as it expands the last inch and comes to a full hard-on.

My imagination takes off. I can't help but fantasize about it. I imagine what it would be like to take a few steps off the trail and go at it with him. I imagine it enter me like Brian did with the largest of the dildos. It would be a tight fit - a very tight fit into my pussy. His cock would open my cunt wider than it has ever been opened before. And then there is his length. His meat looks close to 12 inches in length. I wonder if I could accept it all.

I love the sight of his naked body, and I especially love the sight of Jelick - or rather, I love the sight of Jelick's cock. I especially like the way his manhood comes to attention for my viewing enjoyment. I feel myself become increasingly aroused as I walk beside it. I think I feel myself start to get wet.

"Debbie feel better?" He questions as we draw near to the village.

"Better much!" I look much better. "Debbie think try walk now."

"Good!" He stops to let me go.

Actually, the knee doesn't hurt at all any more. It hasn't hurt for quite a while, but I couldn't let him know. Gently, I put my weight down on the knee and pretend to walk with only a slight limp.

"Better much!" I say. "Hurt little bit, but walk good."

"Good," Jelick takes the water buckets off his shoulders. To my disappointment, he gives them back to me, but then he explains why.

"Good, because Jelick cloths not fit now," He looks down at his own erection. "Debbie milk holders too big! Can't make small with Debbie milk holders so close."

I think I blush with embarrassment as I realize the implication of his words. He essentially tells me that the reason his cock grows hard is because of my big tits. I have never received a greater complement, and I am not quite sure how to thank him.

"Me so heat," He continues to look at himself. "Think ready to fire baby make juice."

"Holy Shit!" I mistakenly say out loud as I realize the meaning of his words. A sudden wave of heat hits me. It starts from between my legs and radiates all over my body. I understand baby-juice, and I know exactly what he means when he talks about firing it.
