 Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * *

Chapter 8: Used

D+3

As soon as Brian gets back later that afternoon I tell him. I have to tell him. I can't wait to tell him. A burning desire wells up from deep inside me to tell someone, and Brian is the only one to tell.

"I can't believe it!" I recount the adventure. "I pumped his cock so hard and for so long. It must have taken me a half hour to get him off. And then there were his nuts!"

Brian cringes when I mention his nuts. He cringed the first time I told him. He continues to cringe when I merely hint at what I did to them.

"Oh, what an incredible cock!" I speak dreamily. "What a big, fantastic weapon! These men are every girl's wet dream. They're not only long, but they're so long lasting too. It's got to be absolutely unbelievable to be fucked by such a weapon."

It feels weird telling this to Brian, him being a man and all. I would feel more comfortable talking to one of my girlfriends, in private, away from the ears of any man. But no girlfriend is available. No one is available. I can't talk to the Longtons, and I certainly can't radio it back up to Crion. The only person left is Brian. I feel as if I will go crazy if I don't talk to someone, so I fight my inhibitions and tell Brian.

"It's no wonder these women sacrifice their freedom and allow themselves to be such willing subjects to these men," I speak to him amongst the trees of the forest and a good distance away from the village. "I think I would do the same, I mean... I think I would be willing to sacrifice almost anything if I lived here too. I don't think I would mind being a slave around such potent men."

Brian's eyes grow wide! He looks back to me with interest. "Do you really mean that?"

"I don't know," I speak honestly. "I guess so. I mean, at least at first. And provided I could be, you know, could be without getting hurt."

"Could be fucked?" Brian asks.

"Yes, fucked," I nod my head. "I'm a little worried, you know. It would be fun to try, but these men could be too big for me. Especially Jelick! But maybe not others?" I think out loud.

"Debbie, Debbie, Debbie," He smiles at me. "You are becoming such a naughty young woman. You are just a little bitch in heat."

The term shocks me for a moment, until I realize it is true.

"I guess I am," I have to admit. "I've never had so much sex before. It's usually been two or three times per week for me, but here it's been two or three times per day. I've never been fucked so often before."

"But don't you think you would get tired of it?" Brian asks. "Don't you think it would wear off? Would the sacrifice of your freedom be worth it?"

I look him straight in the eye. "It would take a long time to wear off," I speak with confidence. "Especially with Jelick! I mean, given his size, I think it would take a very long time. Maybe years!"

Brian's eyes grow wide again.

"Provided he didn't hurt me," I quickly add. "If there was pain, it would be a whole different story. But if he could..."

I trail off into fantasy land, imagining Jelick's giant cock buried deep inside me, splitting me open farther than any of the dildos that Brian tried so far. And then I imagine him fucking me. I fantasize him going at it again and again, ramming it in and out, continuously fucking me over and over and over again. I have a hard time imagining what it would feel like to have an hour of continuous, never ending pumping and stroking.

"What about Josh?" I hear from somewhere far away. I come back to reality.

"What about someone smaller?" Brian proposes. "What if it was someone of about size six?" 

Size six was the last sized dildo that we tried. My mind again drifts off into fantasy land as I think about being impaled by a real, live, size 6 prick instead of the dildo.

"Are you saying you are ready for Josh?" Brian goes on to ask. "Do you remember Josh?"

A shiver travels through my body. Of course I remember Josh! He was the young Longton man who came into the room when I was tied. He saw me naked and felt up one of my tits.

"Because he approached me during our little adventure this morning," Brian continues. "He told me how much he liked your big tits."

I think I blush with embarrassment.

"He asked if he could feel them sometime again, and then he asked if I might be willing to let him use your cunt too."

"Oh God!" I can't help but cry out at the thought.

"He is also quite young and is still quite small for a Longton," Brian explains calmly. "I discovered Longton men elongate as they grow older. That's why they marry young. Women have to first get accustomed to the men when they are still young, and then they grow into them as they age. Josh told me that he was only 15-years old and 10 inches long."

I do not need to ask what portion of his body the 12-inches refers to.

"So if you want," Brian concludes. "I can invite him over tonight."

I look up to Brian with shock! At first I think he teases me, but then he continues on with the detail. I realize he is serious.

"I'll stay upstairs just in case," He suggests. "We could come up with a code word. If something goes wrong, you can call out the word and I'll immediately run down to rescue you. There's no lock on the door. I would be able to get inside."

I feel tempted. Surprisingly, I feel myself greatly interested. The proposal is tempting. I fantasize Josh taking me, fucking me, ramming it inside me. He will be a difficult fit I know, but it will eventually fit. And then he will fuck me again and again. Thirty minutes, forty, perhaps even a full hour of continuous, never-ending fucking action. I'm sure I will reach multiple orgasms. It will be the best sex of my life! The best sex I will ever get to experience. It's the chance of a lifetime, and I will only get one chance.

"I guess so!" I hear myself agree to his proposition. "I think so, I mean yes, I'd like to try."

* * * * *

I find myself shackled in a standing position. My arms stretch high to chains in the ceiling. My legs spread open to hooks in the floor. I stand nearly naked in the middle of the room, clad only in the bikini. The small cups cover less than half my ample tits. The even smaller bottom leaves my ass totally exposed in the rear. I stand alone in the dimly lit room, waiting for Josh. I wait in anticipation for what I know will be the best fuck of my life.

Brian tied me up like this and then fucked me. It was a quick and dirty fuck – the quickest I've had since arriving on the surface. He did not tease me with dildos or feel me up with his fingers. He said there would be plenty of that later. Josh, he assured me, would give my cunt a much more extensive workout to follow.

I believed him.

I still do!

I think of Josh and the way he looked at me the first time in this room. I remember the way he stared at my big tits in such fascination. I remember the way he felt up my boob with such curiosity. He seemed so completely taken by my body. It was like he wanted to swallow me whole. I wonder how much more entranced he will be at the knowledge that he will soon rape me.

Yes, that's what it is! For all practical purposes, I will soon be raped. A young man will walk into the room, take advantage of my shackled body, and proceed to force his big cock up into my cunt while I remain helpless to stop him. I know I should be disgusted. I realize it is wrong. But I want it! I want to experience the big cock of a Longton so bad!

I think about being raped, but then I realize it won't exactly be a rape. I mean a rape has to be against the will of the female, and Josh will not exactly be fucking me against my will. Rather, I want him very bad! But still, I will be tied, helpless, and unable to stop him from doing whatever he wants. He will be free to ravage my body, tease my nipples, feel up my big tits, finger my cunt, do whatever he wants to my helpless body and then plunge his giant dick deep inside.

Just thinking about it makes my heart race and my body sweat. The anticipation drives me crazy. It's already been almost a half-hour since Brian left me – or maybe it's been only ten minutes. I don't know! Time no longer exists. There is only me, Josh, and his big cock. I can't wait for him to walk in.

I also worry. I worry about being too tight. I worry about being too shallow. Brian will rescue me, I know, if anything goes wrong; but I don't want a rescue. I don't want Josh to hurt me. It is not the pain I worry about so much, but more the lack of pleasure. I don't want anything to ruin this glorious evening. I don't know exactly how big Josh will be, but according to Brian he has a 10 incher. That's a Size 6, the biggest dildo I've had so far. I can't imagine how much better a real cock will feel in place of the artificial dildo. I can't wait to find out.

I hear something from upstairs, but I can't be sure of what it is. I've been hearing things for the last half-hour – or maybe ten minutes. Whatever it is, I don't know anymore. I think I hear whispers at first, and then it sounds like someone might be walking down the stairs. I tense as I sense someone approaching, but this is the third time I felt this sensation so far. I can't be certain.

And then I hear it! The door squeaks. I'm sure of it this time. The door definitely moves. It slowly opens. I see a shadow appear in the entrance.

"Brian?" I question the figure. "Josh?"

It refuses to answer.

The room is dark. I can hardly see. Light shines from two candles on the small nightstand beside me. They flicker as the door opens, brushed by the hot breeze. I stand illuminated, but the person standing in the doorway remains dark.

"Brian? Josh?" I question again.

Still, it refuses to answer.

The figure steps inside, moving closer. I still can't see, but I suspect it must be Brian. I feel him. I think I recognize his breathing. I suspect he walks in to tease me.

"Pretty," The voice speaks.

My body tenses. My heart skips a beat. I realize the voice belongs to Josh.

"Ahhhh," I let out a long moan of desperation.

He stands and looks at me for at least a minute. I still can't see him, but I know he can see me. The candles provide him enough light to illuminate my form. He stands and gazes upon me for at least a minute before stepping back to the far wall.

I do not understand his intensions. I do not know his plan. "Is he going to walk up and fuck me like a typical human male?" I question myself. "Or does he plan to tease me and drag it out?" I do not know, but I expect the former. 

A light suddenly shines. First a flicker and then a glow, I realize he turns on a lantern.

"Better see," Josh speaks and he brings the lantern closer and sits it on the edge of the bed.

It baths the room in an eerie glow. I know he can see my body a lot better now. I certainly see his! I see him well enough to notice a substantial bulge poking out of the front of his loincloth. It looks to be a much more substantial bulge than Brian's. It looks a lot more like Jelick's. I see him well enough to know he stands amply prepared for me, but I don't think I am quite yet prepared myself.

"So big milk holders," He speaks as he draws near. "Josh like big milk holders."

Suddenly, his hands are upon me. He is not shy or withdrawn. He behaves exactly the same way as two nights before. He simply walks up to me as though I am a piece of meat and places a hand upon each boob.

"Ah!" I gasp at the touch of his fingers against the skin of my breasts. I still wear the bikini top, but he hardly seems to notice. He feels my boobs through the top, moving the palm of his hand all over. He pushes my tits up from below as though to check their weight, and then pressed them together as though to give me cleavage.

The sensation of having my tits felt up by a near stranger is unbelievable! It feels even better than two nights before. I figure it must be because Brian no longer stands beside me. No one stands in the room along with me. There is only Josh and myself. No one else stands close to protect me. I stand shackled and nearly nude, totally vulnerable to whatever whim this young lad may choose to do with my body. The experience is unbelievable.

I still wear the bikini top, but I do not wear it for long. His left hand leaves my boob. I feel it reach in back and fumble for the little bow tie that holds up my top.

"No!" I softly tell him without really meaning it.

It takes him only a second. I feel the strap tighten around the bottom of my chest as he pulls on it, and a second later I feel no tension at all. The short length of string holding up my top comes undone.

"Oh God!" I cry out as he lifts up the cups and frees my tits. He lifts my bikini up and over my head. I feel it falling down along my back and then along my rear. A second later I think I hear it softly land on the floor.

Meanwhile, Josh looks! He stands right in front of me and just looks.

"So big milk holders," He compliments me again on the size of my tits. "And big suckers too."

I have to think for a moment about the word "suckers." I do not realize what he means at first, not until he touches them.

"Ah," I let out a sigh as I feel a finger on each my nipples. I realize "suckers" in Longtonese translates into nipples in English. It makes sense, I suppose, because nipples are where the sucking takes place.

"Ah! Ah!" I cry out several more times as he continues to play upon my nipples. They quickly become hard, or maybe they were hard before he ever started. I'm not sure, but they certainly feel hard now. I've never experienced a man so expertly play with my nipples before. Most men immediately want to go for my entire tit, but Josh takes his time. He starts with my nipples and moves out.

I realize my original expectations were incorrect. Josh is not going to just stick it in and fuck me like the typical human male. First he's going to tease me, and then he's going to tease me some more. It starts with my nipples and then slowly moves out to the rest of my boobs.

First he just feels them. He does not move my boobs around. He just feels them with his fingers, gently moving across and then going up and down on my tits. It is as though he wants to experience them in their natural, plunging position. I think he wants to feel them like they naturally exist. I find it especially erotic when he weakly traces his fingers around the bottom of my boob, just where it swells out from my body, and pinches his finger into my bottom cleavage.

"Milk holders drop little," Josh contemplates the firmness of my breasts. "And so big! So ripe!"

He moves again up to my nipples, except this time he orbits around. He takes a finger on each nipple and gently circles them around and around, and then he does it again and again. I can hardly stand it. I feel as though I want to scream.

"And so big suckers," He contemplates my boobs even more. "So big suckers. Good for milking." 

"Ah!" I cry out louder, unable to hold back any longer, especially after he speaks the word "milking."

And then he takes my tits again. He takes my whole tit, and he takes them like two nights before. His fingers sink inside. He moves them all around. It is just like he felt them while I was still wearing the bikini top, except now I wear no top at all. Josh takes my bare tits and plays with them in his hands. I look up to the ceiling in delight. I feel like I am in heaven.

"Debbie milk holders big!" He speaks in amazement several times as he feels me up. "Josh want milk!"

Before I even realize it, I feel him again on my nipples. I feel something wet on my nipples, and I realize I feel his lips.

"Fuck!" I cry out in English as he attempts to breast feed upon my oversized tits. If not hard already, my nipples quickly become so. I feel the hard things scrape across his lips and tongue.

"Oh Josh! Oh Josh!" I can't help but cry out.

He sucks hard. He sucks with wild abandonment. I've had men suck on my nipples before, but never with such intensity as this. I especially like it when he grabs a tit by both hands, one on each side. He grabs it tight and presses in firmly. At the same time, he gives a mighty suck. It feels like he tries to squeeze the milk right out of my tits and suck it from my nipple. Better yet, it feels like he is about to succeed.

Josh breast feeds upon me for several minutes. First one tit and then the other, he takes turns feeding on them. I've always loved the sensation of a man sucking on my nipples. I guess it's because I have sensitive nipples and such big tits, but I like Josh even more. I do not think it has anything to do with technique, but more because of the shackles. I realize I can't prevent him from sucking as much as he wants.

Maybe it also comes from the fact he is a near stranger. I wish he could go on forever, but I know he has more important items to attend to.

And not long after he does. He moves down from my vulnerable tits to my even more vulnerable pussy.

"No!" I instinctively cry out. "Please!"

Lucky for me, he does not listen. Josh quickly undoes the single string holding up my panty. It falls to the floor. I stand ready and willing to receive his cock.

But he refuses to give it to me right away. He first reaches down. He uses his fingers.

"Oh Josh!" I can't help but cry out. He's good, really good, especially for someone so young. He obviously received very expert training on how to finger fuck a young woman.

"Debbie tight!" He informs me. "Hot too! Much water!"

I realize he is telling me that my pussy is very wet, and so it is. I think the combination of my vulnerability and the anticipation of his big cock makes me wet. I'm desperate for

First one finger and then two and three, he fingers me for a long time. I don't think I have ever been quite so expertly finger fucked before. I know for a fact that no man has ever tried three fingers before, but I suppose that's a side benefit of the dildos from the last few days. I'm so hot and wet he has no trouble fitting three fingers deep inside. In fact, I feel as though I could take his full fist. I am desperate for his cock, but still he does not reward me.

Next, he gets down on his knees.

"Oh no, please Josh!" I tell him, knowing what he wants to do. "Please Josh, no! Not that!"

He acts as though he never hears me. A second later he tongues me.

"Yum, yum!" He speaks as he eats me out.

The sound of his voice makes it even more erotic.

He gives me my first orgasm with his mouth. 

Josh unties me from one position so he can mount me in another.

"Walk hands and knees," He instructs.

I immediately know his desire. For my second orgasm, he wants to mount me from behind and fuck me like a dog. I do as he says.

To be continued... 