 Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

* * * *

Chapter 9: The Next Morning

D+4

I lay in bed exhausted. Light drifts down from the miniature skylights in the ceiling. The air already feels warmed. I figure it must be mid-morning, maybe the equivalent of 10:00 AM, but I lay in bed too exhausted and tired to get up. Josh kept me up half the night. He drained all my energy. I never received such an intense workout in my life. Hell, no Earth-bound woman ever did! Well, at least from any one man anyway. It would take a half- dozen Earth-men to perform to the equivalent of Josh. First his finger, then his tongue, and finally he fucked me and he fucked me and then he fucked me some more. Josh fucked me over and over again for what seemed like hours. He must have kept me up half the night with the most intense sexual workout of my life.

"Good morning!" I jump at the sound of Brian's voice from very near. "It looks like sleepyhead finally woke."

I weakly roll over to see him in the open doorway. He wears a smile on his face. In one hand he holds a plate of food. In the other is a glass of water. The sight makes me realize that I am starving.

"You hungry?" Brian questions.

My body's natural instinct for nourishment takes over. A burst of energy allows me to sit up. I slide the upper half of my naked body out from under the sheets to expose my large, firm breasts. I see the effect in Brian's eyes. Even though he's seen my bare tits several times now, his eyes continue to bug out of his skull every time he sees them again. His reaction would have bothered me a week ago, but now I take it as a compliment.

Brian places the plate down on my lap and the drink in my hand. "Did you have a good time last night?"

I think I blush. I see Brian wears a big sneer on his face.

"It was, I guess, okay," I try to answer as nonchalantly as I can muster. I have a hard time speaking. I still feel tired.

Brian laughs in reply. "It certainly sounded like you had a good time," He attempts to prod me on to say more. "I never realized you were such a screamer. You kept me up half the night!"

I drink the entire glass of water in one great gulp as I think about his words. My throat feels parched. It even feels a little sore, maybe from all the "screams" he refers to. I don't think I actually screamed, but I certainly yelled and thrashed around a lot through the multiple orgasms. And what orgasms! There must have been a half-dozen in all, and they were all so damn intense. I've never had such powerful orgasms in my life. And then there was his orgasm! I still can't believe all his cumm. I think the young man cummed even greater quantities than the older Jelick. He jetted out so much and with such intensity that it made his already gigantic cock feel another 2 or 3 inches longer.

"Are you all right?" I hear Brian question. He kneels at the edge of the bed, but his voice sounds far away.

"Yes, I'm fine," I return from my orgasmed induced trance and start to eat. "I was just reminiscing."

"About last night?" Brian questions.

"Of course last night," I want to tell him but hold back. I do not need to tell him. He already knows. Instead, I take another bit of food. It tastes delicious!

"Since you're apparently in a good mood," He tells me. "I need to talk to you about something serious. You might not like what I have to say..."

"You mean we have to go?" I interrupt him with a mouth full of food.

"No, not that!" He assures me. "Don't worry, we've got a few more days."

I let out a sigh of relief and swallow. I do not want to leave yet, not today, not tomorrow, maybe not ever. I think for a moment and wonder if I will ever want to leave after last night.

"It's about something else," Brian comforts me. "It's important, but first I have to ask about last night. Was it everything you expected?"

"Oh God Brian! It was incredible!" I blurt out between mouthfuls of food. The dam breaks. The words flow out. I tell him everything. I tell him about what it was like to be fucked by an 10-inch cock. I tell him about how Josh fucked me over and over and over again until it seemed like it was never going to end. I even tell him about the orgasms: My orgasms! His orgasm! All the orgasms! It feels strange to relay this information on to a man, but I have no one else to tell and I have to tell someone. It is just like telling him about my masturbation of Jelick. It's like when I told him about the long pumping and the final crushing of Jelick's nuts in order to make him cumm. Talking to a man about such things feels strange, but I have to tell someone.

I see it must be strange for Brian too, for his loincloth soon starts to tent.

"I think it must have plugged me up," I look right at it as I relay the best part of the story. "I mean it was like his shaft was so big that I think it actually plugged up my twat. His cumm couldn't get out, so every time Josh squirted another load of seed into me, he just filled me up more. It felt like his already long length grew by another two or maybe three inches. He filled my pussy, my cunt, my twat, and he filled my everything! I still can't believe it!"

Brian looks at me even more wide-eyed than before. I like the affect my story has on him.

"And he squirted his sperm so hard inside me!" I decide to go into greater detail. "I never before felt a man actually squirt inside me, but with Josh I could feel every squirt. And he just kept squirting, again and again. God! It was like he had a limitless supply of cumm. I actually thought it was going to start coming up my throat after about the first minute. But the best part was the way it plugged up inside me. It felt like his 11-inch length grew to something like 12-or maybe 14-inches. It's just that the last few inches wasn't cock. It was this intense pressure from all his glorious male spunk!"

Brian looks like he is about to faint and fall over. I think the blood from his brain must be engorging his cock. His bulge looks more pronounced than before. It is not nearly the bulge of Jelick or even Josh, but I don't care. It represents an aroused male, and I like aroused males. That's all that really matters to me. I only care about cock. All I see is Brian's cock, and it looks like his cock is ripe for the picking.

My plate is empty. I ate my breakfast surprisingly fast, which I guess is because I was surprisingly hungry. Six orgasms in one night can take a lot out of a girl.

"Is that all?" I show the plate to Brian.

"Afraid so," He recovers. "Wow! You were really hungry. I even gave you some of mine." 

"But I'm still hungry," I try to sound like a poor, homeless little girl who hasn't eaten in days. "Can you give me any more of yours?"

"I'm afraid I've already finished all of mine," He disappoints me. "There's no more."

He fails to understand the hidden meaning of my words. When I ask for some of his, I do not talk about the food on his plate. I instead refer to the cumm in his nuts.

A domineering lust rushes through me. I again think back to my domineer fantasy, the one where a naked male sex slave stands at the side of my bed. I think back to the fantasy where I order the gifted male to become hard for me; the one where I then entertain myself with him.

"What about dessert?" I hint at my true meaning by glancing down at Brian's bulge and licking my lips as I say it.

I see he now understands.

"Wasn't last night enough?" He responds, amazed.

I refuse to answer. Instead, I put down the plate on one side of the bed and reach over to him on the other. I reach over to take the tie of his loincloth and pull it free. His erection becomes uncovered. I see he has already started to pre-cumm. It must have been from what I told him about Josh plugging up my twat. Or maybe he's just horny from listening to me all night.

"Much better," I sit back up and enjoy the sight. "Not as impressive as Josh's, of course, but not bad!"

Brian takes a deep breath. I know this really turns him on. I see it in a slight twitch of his cock.

"Let's talk some more," I invite him. "I like talking to you when I can watch your throbbing cock at the same time. What was it you wanted to tell me before? You said it was something serious?"

"Oh, it can wait," He answers. 

"But you said it was serious," I push him to go on. "You said I might not like it."

"Oh that!" He seems to remember. "It's nothing, really! We can talk about it later."

His engorged cock gives me the reason he wants to wait until later. He wants relief. Hell, he needs relief! But he is not going to get relief quite so easy. First, I want to tease him. I want to talk dirty to him. After being a slave to a man for half the night, I am in need of a man to serve as my slave.

"All right," I accept his proposal. "We'll talk about it later, but first I want to talk about tonight."

"Tonight?" He questions almost as though in a dream. 

"Yes, we need to talk about my needs for tonight," I tell him. "Josh served as a good introduction, but I was wondering who you have lined up for tonight?"

"Tonight?" He questions dreamily once again. I notice his eyes are riveted directly onto my exposed chest as he speaks. I have a sneaking suspicion that he daydreams about breastfeeding on me, and the suspicion only tempts me to tease him even more.

"Yes, who do you have lined up for tonight?" I question. "You know what I mean! Who is on the agenda to fuck me tonight?"

This makes him jump and suddenly wake up from his daydream.

"I was thinking about Josh's older brother," I propose. "Or maybe one of his older friends? You know, someone who's just a little bit older, which means he would be a little bit longer?"

Brian looks at me wide eyed with shock. I can tell this greatly surprises him. He had expected last night to be enough - which it was - but I say it mostly to tease him. Still, I wouldn't mind having Josh's older brother or maybe one of his slightly bigger friends for the tonight. The thought of once more going through the same experience sends a thrill of excitement up my spine.

Brian takes a hard swallow. "I'll see what I can do," He finally responds. "It shouldn't be a problem."

"Good!" I accept with a thrill. "Now lets see you do it. "Jack yourself off."

"What?" He shakes his head.

"You heard me," I speak confidently. "Let me see you jerk off. I want to watch you jack yourself off."

He hesitates only for a second, and then he reaches down to take it. Brian takes hold of his own erection. I think he is anxious.

"Start pumping!" I order him while I sit up against the wall to watch.

He does. He starts in right away. I notice his fingers become soaked in pre-cumm after only the second or third stroke, which means I must have made him quite excited the night before with all my yelling and moaning during my multiple orgasms. My tits probably make him even more excited now.

"Pump faster," I order him to increase his speed. "But don't get yourself off. Stop just before you shoot. I have a surprise for you."

Brian obeys and strokes faster. He also begins to breathe heavier and lets out short moans. I think my mention of a surprise increases his arousal still further. I know it increases mine.

Three minutes later he stops. His throbbing cock is left naked and raw. The weak light of the room glistens off its surface. I suddenly find myself looking at a full, ripe erection soaked in its own pre-cumm. I love it.

It is time for his surprise!

Laying back down on the bed, but making sure my tits remain fully exposed, I turn to the side and move towards the edge. I turn to face Brian and his ripe cock, facing it head-on. With him kneeling and me laying, his cock becomes level with my face. I can look directly at it. It stands upright only two feet away.

And then, without saying anything, I give him his surprise. I simply open my mouth wide and leave it open.

Brian lets out a moan as soon as I do it. I thought it might take him awhile to understand, but Brian learns fast. I see I have nothing to worry about. Pleasant to my delight, he sifts his knees side-to-side and approaches closer.

I don't say anything. I just lay there open mouthed and inviting. Brian's cock, I know from all his own self stroking, sits at the edge of an eruption. And from the way it pre-cums, I can tell it sits at the edge of a very powerful eruption.

Little does Brian know how much Josh fucked me last night. I think he fucked me in every possible position and in every possible way. He even taught me a few positions I've never tried before. It's amazing what a girl can do with an 11-inch cock. There was one thing, however, he couldn't do. He tried, of course, but he was simply too big. He was too wide. His cock was too thick. I could not open my mouth wide enough to accept him. The only position we didn't try was oral sex, but now I have Brian to make up for it.

I remain still as he inserts his hot, wet cock inside my mouth. First the thick head and then the long shaft, he slowly inserts his wet cock into my mouth. The musky smell of his cock is unmistakable. The taste of his pre-cumm is delightful. I purposely refrain from using my tongue in any way to stimulate it. I only use my lips to clamp down slowly upon his shaft.

I hear him let out a low moan from just above me as he inserts about half his cock inside. He knows from experience how far to go. I feel him pull back out and then push in again.

Brian fucks me in the mouth. In and out, in and out he goes. The moans start to get louder from above me. I know he is close. So am I. I can't wait to finally swallow sperm. I had wanted to taste Josh's so bad the night before, but he was just too big for me. The best I could do was to lap the tip of his cock with my tongue as my fingers crushed his delicate balls.

I have a devilish thought about doing the same to Brian. I think about taking hold of Brian's balls and giving them a good squeeze just like I did to Josh, but of course I cannot. He would never be able to survive the same abuse I gave to Josh's nuts last night.

I try to hold out for as long as I can, but I can't help it. After only about a minute of face fucking, I attack. Suddenly and without warning, I attack my prey with no mercy. I ravish Brian with my tongue and suck him with all my energy.

"Oh God!" I hear him cry out.

I feel like crying out with the same words, but I can't talk very well with an erect cock in my mouth. Instead of voicing my pleasure, I use my tongue to demonstrate. I race it all over, especially across the slick head and pre-cumming hole.

It takes only a few seconds after that. Brian cumms with the biggest explosion he's given so far. He cumms like it is the last cumm he will ever experience.

To be continued...