 Warning: The following story is fiction, and the acts depicted in the story should remain fiction. It is intended for the entertainment of mature adults only. Be advised explicit sex is contained within and should not be read by minors.

Chapter 10: A Really Big One For Debbie

D+5

I can't believe it! I am really going to get another one! Two nights in a row! And tonight is supposed to be even bigger!

Word quickly got around. Josh told his friends, and then his friends told other friends. I don't know exactly what Josh said, but I can easily imagine him describing my performance. I wonder if he told his friends about how much I screamed. I question if he mentioned the way I thrashed about when I went into orgasm. Maybe he even mentioned my tight twat? I don't know, but then his exact words really don't matter. The important thing is that they all know. Every young male in the village knows I am an excellent fuck.

I can't wait for another Longton to step downstairs and ravish me again tonight. I would have preferred to take at least one night off to rest, but we have to leave in the morning. Brian found the reactor core, so now we have a job to do. Tomorrow morning we will leave, although we won't really leave. We will only pretend to leave. In reality, we will circle back around to the core and then bury it.

As much as my body needs to take the night off, I also have to consider the mission. It is either tonight or never. I have the choice of either allowing another Longton to fuck me tonight, or I will have to leave tomorrow with an unfulfilled pussy. My course of action is obvious. No Earth-woman in her right mind would dare pass up such an opportunity.

I can't wait! Brian already tied me up. I'm tied much like the night before. I stand in the middle of the room. My arms are pulled high above me. My legs are spread wide to the hooks projecting from the floor. I stand completely helpless and vulnerable in the vertical swimsuit. I know a Longton man will soon walk down the stairs, take apart the hook that still holds up the narrow strips of cloth that cover my chest, and then he will have his way with me. He will start with my tits and then move to the rest of my body. I can't wait!

The only problem is that I don't know who it will be. Several of Josh's friends eagerly volunteered for the opportunity to fuck me. They all want to fuck me, but only one gets the opportunity.

"You're really going to like him," Brian teased me as he tied me up. "I'm told he's even larger than Josh, which means you are going to enjoy him even more."

"Tell me!" I attempt to get him to spill the secret. "Please, is it Charles? Or maybe it's Larrymore?"

Brian gives no hint of recognition in his eyes. Earlier he told me it was a name I should know, but I've always been bad with names. Longton names are especially hard to remember because of their weird pronunciations.

"He's bigger," Brian teases. "I figured you can easily take something bigger, especially after you told me about Josh plugging up your hole and then giving you two extra inches. I'm sure you can handle a little more."

"Oh God!" I cry out, remembering my own words.

"Well, at least he'll fit in length," Brian adds. "Width is another thing. And who knows what will happen when he finally shoots his limitless cumm!"

"Oh God!" I cry out again. "Please! Tell me! How long is he, really? Is he really bigger than Josh!"

Brian sits on the bed and shakes his head. "I won't tell – not yet – but there is something else I need to tell you instead."

"What?" I question. I feel like I might be wearing him down.

"It's the same thing I tried to tell you this morning," He replies. "Do you remember? I tried to tell you this morning, but you were more interested in blowing my cock than in what I wanted to say."

I laugh. He is right. "And it was a very good piece of cock too," I try to embarrass him. "I really enjoyed every drop of your spunk."

He smiles weakly. I'm in no position to embarrass a man, especially given my helpless state.

"As I said this morning," Brian goes on. "You might not like what I'm about to say, but I think you really should know before we leave."

His voice sounds serious. I grow curious about what he has to say.

"It's about these Longton men," He stands to speak more soberly. "I'm afraid Space Command wasn't completely honest with you back on Crion. They did not tell you everything they knew about the Longton men."

"What does that mean?" I grow even more curious.

"They didn't actually lie to you," He emphases. "They just didn't tell you everything. It would have been very embarrassing, and they were afraid you might not volunteer for the mission if you knew."

"Knew what?" I question.

"Some of us wanted to tell you sooner," He hesitates. "If it was up to me, I would have told you long before we came down to the surface, but I was under orders."

"Told me what?" I grow impatient. I find my attention drifting from my impending fuck.

"It's about the Longton males," He speaks finally. "I'm afraid Space Command wasn't completely honest with you about the Longton males. The previous expeditions actually discovered some of what we found out."

I can guess what he means. "Are you talking about their size?"

He nods.

"Are you talking about the size of their cocks?" I have to know for certain.

"Some of it," He answers defensively. "They knew about their size, but not all of it! The previous expeditions discovered the Longtons were well hung when they went to the river to bath together. They couldn't help but notice their size, but that's all they knew. We had no idea how big they could get."

"No way!" I refuse to believe him. "I read the reports! I have a security clearance. I saw everything."

"Obviously not everything," He corrects. "It was kept out of the official reports. I guess Space Command felt it was too embarrassing."

"No way!" I say again, but I can tell by the look in his eyes that he is serious. "You're not joking, are you?"

"It's no joke," He speaks serious.

I am shocked. I can't believe it! I can't believe they held such an important piece of information back from me, both now and while I worked in the lab. The reports from the previous expeditions said nothing of the Longton's dick size. That means the information was somehow kept secret, like maybe in another report that only men could read.

"You're really not joking?" I question to make sure.

"I'm really not joking."

I shake my head in disbelief. "Why?"

Brian shrugs his shoulders.

"I just can't believe it!" I speak my thoughts out loud. "Why would they keep something like that from me?"

"Maybe they were afraid you might hijack a ship to check them out," He laughs.

I do not find it funny. I do not find his words funny at all! Such an important piece of information should never have been kept from me. We were supposed to be told everything. It could have endangered the mission!

"But seriously…" He stops laughing when he sees my reaction. "I don't know the details. I don't know why the information was put in a separate, more secret report and kept from you. I wasn't around back then. Maybe it was just too embarrassing. Can you imagine Captain Rileymen briefing you on the Longton dick size?"

He has a point, I suppose. I have a hard time picturing Captain Rileymen or any other male officer admitting a humanoid species has bigger dicks than Earth-bound males.

"So they knew the Longton's were abnormally long," He summarizes. "But that was only when flaccid. They didn't know how big they were when hard."

"Well, what were they thinking?" I question. "If a guy is hung like a horse when he's relaxed, he's naturally going to stick out like a tree when he's hard! What were they thinking?"

Brian only shrugs his shoulders. "Logical, but not necessarily true," He tells me. "It doesn't always work that way with human males, and an alien creature is certainly going to be more unpredictable."

I suppose he has a point, but I find his words difficult to believe. He misses the main point. Space Command lied. They knew about their big dicks the whole time, but they never told me anything about it. They lied to get me down to the surface. 

"Don't be mad at me," Brian defends himself as though he sees the simmering anger in my mind.

"I don't care," I blame him anyway. "You could have told me earlier!"

"But I was under orders."

"I don't care!" I chastise him again. I wish I wasn't all tied up so I could take a slug at him. I have a sneaking suspicion that the contriving bastard waited until I was tied up so I couldn't fight back.

"I hate you!" I yell.

"Well then," He takes a step back as though afraid I really will slug him. "In that case, I suppose as long as you're already pissed at me, then I might as well tell you the rest."

"The rest?" I ask in disbelief. "You mean there's more?"

"Yes more," He answers. "It has to do with the satellite crashing into the surface. We are not going to double back and hide the reactor core tomorrow morning."

"We're not?" I ask in surprise. "What are we going to do then?"

"We're simply going to go back to the shuttle instead," He continues to surprise.

"What? You mean we are just going to leave the core hear and let it kill a few Longton's? Are you crazy?"

He takes another step back and speaks simply: "There is no core."

I look at him in shock.

"There really isn't even a satellite," He goes on. "It was only a piece of space junk that we crashed down to the surface."

I fail to accept his words. I think I just stare back at him open mouthed.

"It was all part of an elaborate ruse to get you down to the surface," He tells me.

"What?" I don't believe him.

"The real purpose of this mission was to research the sexual performance of the Longton males," He steps towards the door. "The only reason you were selected was because you had the biggest tits in the lab. They rightly figured a Longton male couldn't resist your size, and they also correctly figured that you wouldn't be able to resist there's either."

"What?" I say again.

"And incidentally," He adds just as he is about to turn back up the stairs. "It's nothing, really, but I just wanted to let you know the ship has you under observation. In order to properly research the Longton's sexual performance, I secretly planted four cameras in the walls."

I stand in shock. I think my eyes practically pop out of my head. For a moment, I can't say anything. It takes a few seconds for me to process the information. Fake satellite? Sexual research? Cameras?

"Brian!" I call out to him. "Brian!" I yell up the stairs. "Come on! Be serious!"

I don't believe him. I can't believe him! I know he doesn't really have cameras hidden in the wall, although he could… I stop to consider it, and the thought makes me cringe with terror. I remember last night and the way I thrashed about.

"Come on Brian!" I yell again. "Please! You can't leave me hanging like this!"

I look around to try to find the cameras, but I know the effort is futile. I might be able to find them close up, but not from the middle of the dimly lit room. A camera could be nothing more than the end of a fiber optic filament looking out from between the stone bricks. The body and the transmitter would be larger, but those could easily be buried on the opposite side of the wall. I want Brian to walk back down the stairs to untie me so I can check.

"Please Brian!" I can hardly stand it. I know his story about the cameras is only a tease, but I don't know for certain. I can't help but imagine the men back at Crion watching me on a monitor right now, looking at my chest. I take a glance down to look at what they are able to see, and then I think about what else they will soon see.

"Oh Brian, please!" I can't stand it. My pulse races. My body sweats in anticipation. I no longer think of cock, but instead think of the audience that might be watching.

I also notice something else. I can't believe it at first, but I can't deny it. I notice I've actually become wet! The thought of being watched excites me!

"He's here," Brian yells from the top of the stairs. "Keep quite! No English!"

"Ple…" I start to plead one last time, but then hold back. I know it will do no good to yell. I might as well accept it. The thought of a Big Cock returns to my mind. I again wonder who will fuck me tonight, and then I think about who might all be watching.

To be continued???