 I would like to thank my editors Joefelton and AnybodyTG.

(All characters depicted in any form of sexual activity are 18 years of age or older)

For the next several minutes the three members of the Clint family sat on the floor of Mistress Sophia's tent just holding each other as they tried to process the news that 18 year old Jason and his mother 42 year old Mindy had swapped bodies and there is no way for them to swap back for at least a full year. 

Finally Mindy (in Jason's body) breaks the silence as she moved to stand up, "Kids as much as I enjoy holding you in my arms, even if it's not the way I imagined, I really need to stand up."

Catie looked up, "What's wrong mom?"

"Nothing really, it's just... the way I was sitting was starting to hurt Jason's balls," she managed to say before breaking out in giggles.

The tension of the last few minutes now broken; Jason and Catie joined their mother in her laughter as they both stood up also.

When they calmed down Mindy turned to her old body, "Seriously Jason how do you guys walk around with these things."

"Very carefully," Jason grinned, "plus we are just used to them, just like you girls are used to these," Jason added as he squeezed his new boobs.

"God Jason! Stop touching Mom's body," Catie snapped.

"Well to be fair to your brother for the next year it is his body, so I guess he can do whatever he wants to it, but remember that means I can do whatever I want with your body too," she looked toward Jason as she gave his crotch a squeeze.

"God this is just fucking weird," Catie moaned.

"Your, or I guess I should say my sister, is right. We may be in each other's bodies but we still need to do our best to act like who we appear to be," Mindy said, "and I don't normally go around squeezing my tits in public."

Both kids turned to their mother, "Tits?"

"What, you think I'm always the prim and proper mother? I do have a life outside of you two," then after looking down at her new body, "though it seems Jason is going to be a bigger part of my life for awhile."

Jason chuckled, "Hey you were the one who wanted us to be closer."

"Oh shut up," Mindy laughed.

Catie got between her brother and mother as if she a ref at a boxing match and laughingly asked, "So now that you two seem to be in at least a little bit better mood what do we do now?"

They stood there in silence just staring at each other for a few moments before Mindy finally said, "I have no idea."

No one said anything for awhile as they all thought about where they go from there. It was Catie who finally spoke up, "Well since we are already here why not spend the day at the carnival?"

"We just spent all day yesterday here Catie and look where it got us," Jason replied.

"Ok yes things did not turn out the way you two expected. but what are the chances something else like this might happen? Besides, this gives you both a chance to get used to your new bodies in a place where you are not as likely to run into someone you or who you appear to be should know. Plus, since you were here yesterday this will give you a better idea how things are different in your new bodies. And besides, I wasn't invited to your little mother/son day yesterday so now I can enjoy the carnival too," Catie explained.

"Catie makes since Jason," Mindy said.

Clearly outvoted Jason just says, "Okay, where to first?"

"Well, I doubt you would want to be seen walking around the carnival with both your mother and big sister, so I'm going to go out and explore by myself, while Catie keeps an eye on you," Mindy smiled.

"And why exactly do I need a babysitter? I am the oldest one here now remember," Jason complained.

"You may have the oldest body but you still have the least mature personality 'Mom'," Mindy grinned, "and besides the way you dressed yourself today you will have every guy in the place wanting to get you on your back or knees and you have zero experience fending off guys, so Catie will act as your bouncer."

Catie broke out laughing as Jason just groaned as he watched what was his body leave the tent and disappear into the crowd. When Catie finally stopped laughing, "Ok 'Mom' lets go enjoy the carnival and I'll keep all those bad men away from you."

"Shut the fuck up Catie," Jason Snapped, but followed his sister (now daughter) out into the crowd anyway.

***

As Mindy navigated the crowded carnival grounds one of the first things she noticed that differed from yesterday's visit was the lack of "accidental" touches to her body when she passed through a large group of people. The second thing she noticed was that despite her now male body she still had to deal with getting stared at by strangers; though now it was the female eyes glued to her new male body, well mostly.

Mindy didn't really have a set plan for the day so she mostly just wondered around trying to get used to her new reality as a guy. She even surprised herself when she caught herself more than once watching the women around her, and not noticing their shoes, tops, jeans, etc but instead what was beneath them.

"God I knew teenage boys are always horny but I didn't think Jason's hormones would affect my mind this much," she said to herself after catching herself peeking down a woman's top, "this is going to really take some getting used to."

***

"So where to first?" Jason asked Cindy after leaving Sophia's tent.

"Why are you asking me?"

"It was your fucking idea to spend time here not mine," Jason snapped trying to keep his mom's voice down, "Hell I didn't want to come here yesterday. So 'young lady' where to?"

Catie couldn't help but smile at her little brother's predicament but did manage to keep from laughing, "I'm sorry Jason you're right. I guess we just walk around and see what there is to see."

"Fine I guess lead the way," Jason huffed. But Catie didn't move and she had a huge grin on her face, "I don't like that look. What are you thinking?"

"Well... if you would rather do something I really doubt you did yesterday I could think of a few things."

"Yeah like what?"

"Well for starters a friend of mine from high school works for owners of the land the carnival is using and she may have mentioned the fact that one of the bathrooms way in the back of the grounds that doesn't get used as much may have a glory hole that certain people know about."

"If you haven't forgotten I don't have a dick any more..." it took a moment for Jason to realize what Catie was suggesting, "Hell NO! Are you fucking nuts!? I'm not," he dropped his voice to a whisper Catie could barely hear, "sucking a bunch of strangers' cocks in some old public bathroom."

Catie burst out laughing again at her brother's expense, "Wow you're easy."

"What?"

"I made the whole thing up dumb ass. And even if I hadn't do you really think I'm that much of a slut to do it with you?"

"I don't know, fuck I don't know anything right now," Jason snapped and to both his and Catie's surprise started crying, "What the hell is wrong with me why am I crying?"

"Shit Jason I'm sorry I was just messing with you," Catie said as she squeezed her mom's body in a tight hug, "and for why you are crying... well... you have gone through a lot in a short amount of time. So it makes since you are upset and it may still be your mind but it is in mom's body and it is reacting like it would if it was Mom in control."

"God this sucks," Jason choked out.

"See it's not all bouncy boobs and wet pussy and 24 hour horniness as a woman," she laughed.

Jason laughed with her and after another moment was back in control and released Catie from their hug, "I guess not," then with a grin added, "but feeling your tits pressed into mine was still hot."

"God you're hopeless," Catie laughed and slapped him on the hip which makes Jason jump a little, "I didn't hit you that hard wimp."

"It's not that," Jason said and Catie noticed a flush over their mom's face.

"What is it then?"

"I think I just discovered something no son should know about his mom."

"And that is?"

"Well... when you slapped me my pussy got super wet all of a sudden so I think Mom is into spanking," Jason said trying not to laugh while blushing even more.

"God I'm learning too much about my family," Catie uncomfortably chuckled.

"Tell me about it," Jason laughed.

"Ok on that note why don't we go explore and try to get our minds off of our mother's sex life?"

"Agreed," Jason answered and followed Catie through the crowd.

***

After spending a few hours just enjoying herself around the carnival as Jason, Mindy had to admit to herself that being trapped in the body of an athletic male body in its prime wasn't so bad. She had even taken her new muscle for a few test rides at some of the games.

Mindy was walking past one of the old fashioned strength testers, The High Striker, when the attendant started aiming his antagonistic barbs her way shouting things like, "Hey pretty boy are you man enough to test your strength here in front of everyone" or "What's the matter precious is your mommy calling you?"

Mindy had never been one to just simply brush off rude comments, which had gotten her into trouble more than once over the years, and that was before she had Jason's 18 year old body pumping testosterone through her brain. So of course she fell for this old con to get insecure or macho man types to spend their money and marched up to the 6'6 muscle bound attendant and ask with a straight face and mean tone, "Sure I'll give your little game a try Tiny."

"Oh ho, Tiny is it little boy well if you think you got what it takes hand over the cash it's five dollars a swing. For each level there's a different prize and if you ring the bell you can pick whatever you want."

"Mindy pulled out Jason's wallet and handed him a five, "Let me show you how it's done."

"Go right ahead," the attendant laughed, "let me know if you need help lifting the mallet."

Mindy shot him a nasty look making him laugh harder before marching over to the mallet lifting it up and giving it a hard swing and missed the target all together and nearly broke Jason's foot.

The attendant, not to mention a few other carnival goes around the game, started laughing, "You know sonny the point of the game is to hit the red and white round thing right?"

"Oh shut up," Mindy spat and started to lift the mallet again.

But before she could the attendant stopped her, "Whatcha doing kid you had your one swing if you want another it will cost you?"

"Fine," Mindy snapped and threw another five at the attendant before lifting the mallet. This time she calmed herself first and took her time before letting it swing. When she did it stuck true and the puck went flying straight up and filled the air with the clear and loud ring of the bell.

The attendant chuckled, "Not bad kid. So what will it be?"

As an answer Mindy picked up the mallet again and again rang the bell with ease. She then handed the attendant another five, "Sorry I have to get two or I'll piss off one of my girlfriends."

The attendant just laughed and pulled down the two stuffed animals Mindy indicated. As Mindy brought her prizes to their car she couldn't help but laugh thinking of Jason's reaction when she tells him she won 'her' a giant, pink stuffed rabbit.

***

"God are guys always like this?" Jason complainingly asked Catie as they brush off yet another pair of guys hitting on them.

"Yeah pretty much, though it doesn't help you came to a carnival dressed like that."

Jason looked down at his cleavage and belly revealing top and practically painted on skinny jeans, "Hey I was still worked up and horny after masturbating when I choose these clothes and besides I never thought I'd be stuck in this body for the rest of the day let alone an entire year."

"I know, but now you know unless you want every guy that thinks more with what's between his legs instead of his shoulders to make a pass at you dress less revealing... 'Mom'," Catie added with a giggle.

"Yeah just keep laughing it up you little brat and you'll be grounded longer than it takes for me to get a cock again."

"Like I said this morning you are married now so that might not be as long as you think," Catie laughed.

"Holy shit with everything that has happened I hadn't even thought of that, what the fuck are we going to do about Dad?"

"I guess that depend on just how much of Mom's life you want to experience," Catie answered laughing even harder.

"Catie please shut up. You know I could just always tell Dad that you came to me and want him to start fucking you."

"And how do you know I wouldn't like that?"

That caught Jason by surprise, "Wait really?"

"When Mom found your porn earlier and you told me what all you had I said I had the same things that included the incest stuff too."

"Okay so what all are you into... you know incest wise?"

"Truthfully I'm into all of it as long as it is about consenting adults. What about you?"

Jason felt his face flush as he answered, "Well I'm pretty much the same though... my favorites are mom/son, mom/daughter and..."

"Brother/sister," Catie finished for him, to which he just nodded. "Same here though I have to add dad/daughter to my list."

"Fuck I wish I had know you were into brother/sister stuff before... this," he gestures to his new mature feminine body.

Catie just grins, "Hey it still works for me," before kissing him on the cheek and walking away.

"Wait! Really?" Jason yelled as he chases after her.

"You never know," Catie teased, "we'll just have to wait and see."

"Wow!" was all Jason could say.

***

"Jason! Hey Jason," Mindy heard but didn't think anything of it not yet used to having to respond to that name. It wasn't until the young girl grabbed her arm and jumped in front of her that Mindy realized someone was talking to her, "Jason what the fuck didn't you hear me?"

"Oh sorry, I guess I didn't," Mindy said trying to place the girl, she looked vaguely familiar but couldn't think of from where. She was about 5'4 had long blond hair that currently had streaks of neon blue through it, she probably didn't weight over 100 pounds as petite as she was but even as small as she was she still had what seemed like huge tits, though their size where exaggerated by her over all size at most they where 32 Cs.

"Well if you want to ignore me fine be that way," the girl said with a pout and turned to leave.

"Wait..."

Before she could say more the girl turned back with huge smile then to Mindy's surprise jumped into her arms and kissed her. Mindy didn't know what to do but at least part of her did as she felt Jason's cock hardening to its full nine inches. When the girl broke the kiss she just smiled up at Mindy, "Well at least part of you is happy to see me."

"W... wait a minute of course I'm happy to see you I just didn't hear you and wasn't expecting to run into anyone here that's all," Mindy said so rushed it was almost all one word.

"That's alright stud," the girl giggled, "I wasn't expecting to run into you either but I'm glad I did," she purred as she rubbed the hard cock now attached to Mindy making her moan deeply.

"W... what if someone sees?" Mindy managed to stammer.

"Oh so now you are afraid of being caught? That didn't stop you when you made me blow you at my Mom's birthday a few years ago with all of both our families not ten feet away in the next room."

Now Mindy remembered where she knew this girl, her name was Rebecca but went by Rebbie. She and Jason went to the same school together until last year when her dad got a promotion at his job and they had to move across the state. She would have to ask Jason about this whole blowjob thing because she never knew they were anything more than friends.

"What can I say I've matured since then Rebbie," was all Mindy could think to say.

"Well I hope not too much I would hate to think of you as some kind of stick in the mud prude now," she said sweetly.

"I wouldn't go that far," Mindy joked as she squeezed Rebbie's ass.

"Glad to hear it."

For the next half hour the two of them walked hand in hand talking about old times; well Rebbie talked Mindy mostly did a lot of nodding. Trying to change the subject before Rebbie realized something was up Mindy asked, "So Rebbie what are you doing here anyway?"

"Oh you hadn't heard. Mom and Dad split up a few months ago so me and Mom moved back to town. She wanted to get out of the house today so she dragged me here. Now I'm glad she did," she purrs as she slides her hand over Jason's still semi hard cock.

"Funny my mom dragged me here too." 

"I guess we were meant to run into each other then," Rebbie said as she cuddled into Jason's strong arm.

"Yeah I guess," Mindy said slightly worried where this might go.

They walked like that for another ten minutes or so before Rebbie suddenly jerked away and with a huge grin asked, "Jason want to have a little fun?"

'Oh great what does she have planned?' Mindy thought but simple answered, "Sure, what do you have in mind?"

"Just follow me and you'll see," she said as she took Mindy's hand and started leading her to who knows where.

***

"I'm thirsty are you thirsty?" Catie asked changing the subject of their possible sexual future which was all Jason had been talking about for the last half hour which she had mostly ignored.

"Oh come on you can't hint at something as big as...," Jason looked around to make sure no-one was within earshot and lowered his voice, "us fucking then just pretend everything is completely normal."

"Sure I can," Catie simply said with a smug grin.

"God you can be a real bitch sometimes."

"I know," she smiled and started off toward one of the beverage stalls.

Jason just laughed at his sister's attitude and followed her. They passed several different drink stalls which Catie completely ignored, "Catie where are you going? I thought you said you were thirsty yet you passed several stalls."

"There's the one I'm looking for," Catie answered pointing ahead of them.

Jason looked where she was pointing, "Catie that's the beer tent I can't get something there."

"Why not? You are a grown woman after all."

Jason got a goofy grin on his new female face, "Oh yeah I guess I got so caught up in the idea of finally getting to fuck my sexy ass older sister I forgot what body I was in. Cool let's go get our drunk on."

"Now hold on you may be allowed to drink now but no one said anything about getting drunk," Catie shouted as she chased after her mother's body as it quickly made its way to the beer tent. "Jason you find us a place to sit and I'll get the drinks."

"Fine, get me a pint."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea you know Mom is not much of a drinker, hell two glasses of wine and she starts giggling at stupid shit."

"Well how much do you normally drink?"

" A bottle maybe two then I start to get goofy."

"Really that's it I can normally drink 4 or 5 pints before I start feeling drunk," Jason teased.

"Ok one I don't drink much I never have I don't get the appeal of drinking so much that you end up puking your guts out and feeling like shit the next day and two you 'were' a six foot athletic guy now you are a 5'8 woman who rarely drinks."

"Just get me the fucking pint Catie I can handle the one."

"Fine but don't come crying to me later when you feel like shit and wake up next to some stranger."

Jason laughed as Catie storms off and yelled at her, "Not going to happen."

Twenty minutes later Catie and Jason were both more than a little tipsy, and Jason was not far from being full blown drunk. Two hot drunk chicks didn't go unnoticed by the men around them and it wasn't long before the two were surrounded by men hitting on them.

For Catie this wasn't a new experience, even if she wasn't a regular partier, but for Jason being on the receiving end of a bunch of drunken pick up lines was. Whether it was the new experience, the alcohol's effect on Mindy's body, Mindy's hormones or a combination of all the above Jason was reacting in a way Catie would never have expected; he was flirting back with the men around them.
