 Jane Weston impatiently tapped her Gucci clad toe on the marble foyer floor as the liveried Global Freight workers slowly wheeled in the large crate. Jesus, they were typical men: moving like molasses, devoid of any sense of urgency. Jane had a low opinion of men in general since she had booted her philandering bastard of a husband out two years ago. A good private detective and an even better lawyer had helped her exact her revenge to the tune of forty million dollars. She had used half the money to start her own investment banking business and now she was in the enviable position of using her own money to bankroll worthwhile start ups. She had parlayed his money into a sizable fortune, thanks to a keen eye for opportunity and a barracuda-like negotiating style.

At thirty-five, Jane was smart, beautiful, successful -- and miserably unhappy. She was unhappy because she was lonely. And Jane was often angry because she was unhappy and lonely. Unfortunately, she directed most of her anger at the men she dated, guaranteeing that she stayed lonely and miserable. Jane felt the problem was in the men themselves; they were all either cavalier, condescending, or after her money. She hoped that the contents of the aluminum shipping container would change all that.

Jane had the delivery men leave the crate standing upright in the foyer, signed the delivery ticket, and showed them out.

"Get a grip woman," she chided herself, mocking her own eagerness. "This is only a prototype, it probably won't even work properly."

'It' was 'Mister Wonderful', the brainchild of the Intercontinental Machinery Corporation, and Jane's latest venture capital investment. IMC was a small defense research company that was working on military robotics applications. Budget cuts in the Department of Defense had axed IMC's funding. Now the company was scrambling to finance the development of a civilian version of the robot. The company's brass was touting Mr. Wonderful as a bio-mechanical man that a woman could program to be the perfect mate. Jane knew beyond a doubt that if the machine worked as advertised it would make IMC- and her- a ton of money. She had written IMC a check on the spot for half of what they asked. She stipulated that when she received the first commercially viable model, they would get the remainder of the money.

Each Mr. Wonderful was custom built based on a questionnaire the buyer filled out at the company's web site. Jane had specified a six-two, two hundred pound outdoorsman; ruggedly handsome, with jet black hair and deep blue eyes. 

Jane unfastened the latches and opened the container. She removed the Styrofoam packing material and gasped in disbelief. He looked perfect, abso-fuckin-lutely perfect. Jane went to her bedroom and retrieved the certified letter from Intercontinental that she had received two days ago. The letter contained the passcode that would activate her beautiful new man. The machine was voice activated, so she carefully regurgitated the sequence of letters and numbers then stepped back. 

The robot's eyes opened and he smiled at her with perfectly straight, blindingly white teeth, again, just as she had specified. 

"Hello, Jane, the machine said, "that is an especially flattering outfit. It sets off your complexion and beautiful eyes."

His voice was deep and melodic, and his eyes were the same dark blue as her favorite Japanese porcelain vase.

He spoke again, "Jane, my darling, love of my life, my reason to exist, my name is Cody, Cody Carson."

"You're laying it on a little thick, Romeo," Jane said tersely.

Cody's eyes closed and his face went slack for a split second as he tried to process what she said.

"I don't understand what you mean by that," he said.

"I mean the bullshit flattery annoys me," she replied.

Bullshit was a concept that he did understand.

"I am sorry that I annoyed you, but what I said was how I am programmed to feel; you are the reason I exist."

"Well tone it down some, especially when we're in public. I want you to be attentive but not fawning. Does that compute?"

"Yes, dear," he replied.

Jane stepped forward and touched his hand; his skin was warm and the texture was lifelike. She held the hand up and examined it critically, glancing from hers to his, looking for obvious differences. There were none.

"My skin is biologically engineered to replicate the skin of a thirty year old male. It is anatomically correct in texture to three decimal places. In addition, I can sense your body temperature and adjust mine to always be one degree warmer," Cody said.

Oh god, a man that could keep her warm at night was worth his weight in gold to Jane.

Cody was dressed in khaki trousers, pale blue shirt, and a dark blue blazer. He looked so good Jane couldn't wait to show him off. 

''Go get the car out of the garage, I want to go shopping," she said, tossing him the keys.

"Shopping is fun. That's a wonderful idea, darling," Cody said.

Jane gave him a disapproving look and pointed the way to the garage.

Cody muttered "sorry" then hustled through the kitchen to the garage. He backed Jane's silver Mercedes into the driveway then jogged to the front door. Jane took his arm as he led her to the car. He opened her door for her and held it until she was comfortably seated. He drove smoothly, his on-board GPS, a much better unit than the one installed in the car navigating, while he attentively listened to her talk. He was appropriately sympathetic as she lamented about how tough it was to be her. 'This' Jane thought, 'is how it should be'.

Cody carried her ever-growing stack of bags uncomplainingly from store to store at the upscale Galleria Mall. He murmured words of encouragement to her as she tried on shoes and he scurried around matching up accessories to complete the ensembles she selected. Cody discreetly touched her hand to gauge her mood by her skin resistance; she was no longer tense; he was fulfilling one of his programmed core directives. 

Weeks went by and Cody continued to be at her beck and call. He cuddled her and rubbed her back when she got her period. He listened to her bitch and gossip about her friends, always completely in accord with her assessment of their shortcomings. He deferred to her judgment in all things. Yet, in spite of all he did, he sensed it was not enough. Because his core directives were all centered on Jane's ultimate happiness, he started to modify his behavior. 

Intercontinental Machinery had cobbled Cody together using their latest military robot as a platform. The name Cody Carson was an acronym for: Commercial Duty -- Continually Adapting Robotic Soldier - Model One. Cody had received new programming that made Jane's happiness his prime directive. A complete rewriting of his primary program would have taken too long and been too costly. So, the new programming was overlaid atop the military programming that called for him to adapt as necessary to assure mission success.

Jane pulled into the driveway two weeks later, after a hard day at work. She was in a foul mood, as usual. She sat in the car for a minute watching Cody mow the lawn. He was shirtless, in shorts and work boots. 

'Jesus, he's an outstanding male animal,' she thought, 'and efficient as hell.' She had been able to lay off the gardener, maid, and cook; at this rate, he would pay for himself in a couple of years. Hmmm, that would make a nice selling point that Intercontinental had not considered. 

Cody saw her, killed the mower engine, and walked to the car. Jane's vagina tightened involuntarily as he neared the car. A shiver ran through her as she took in his chiseled, muscular chest and handsome face. She knew that Cody was a fully functioning man and, judging from his bulging shorts, well equipped. Yet, she had been hesitant to try that feature out. It might be time to change that. She was a skilled seductress, she reasoned, she could have him begging for it in no time. If not, fuck it, she owned him; he would do what she said and he would like it. That is, if he didn't want to end up recycled into a Toyota bumper and a palm pilot.

Cody opened the car door for her and she flashed him some thigh as she exited. Cody's hyper-sensitive olfactory receptors caught her smell of arousal. He also noticed the display of skin. He cataloged both items and filed them in his memory. 

"Hello, darling. I am happy that you are home. How was your day?" he asked.

"My day sucked, if you must know. I need a drink and a bath. Make it happen."

"Yes, dear," Cody said.

He walked into the house with her and fixed her a tall Tom Collins. 

Jane's nose wrinkled as she smelled his sweaty male aroma. She was surprised that it did not offend her; on the contrary, it was slightly stimulating. 

Cody handed her the drink then excused himself to draw her a bath. Jane put away her purse and checked her mail before heading to her room. The tub was filled by the time she arrived, the water temperature was perfect, and scented bubbles covered the surface. She stripped and put her soiled clothes in the hamper. She settled into the warm bubbles and turned on the Jacuzzi jets. 

As the pulsating water relaxed her, she idly stroked her body. Oh yeah, she was definitely in the mood, something that did not happen that often.

After a while, Jane got out of the tub and dried herself off. She shrugged into a thick Turkish terrycloth robe and went to the door of her suite. 

"Cody, would you be a dear and bring me another drink?" she asked sweetly.

Cody had just stepped out of the shower of the guest bathroom after having put away the mower. He ran a brush through his hair, slipped into some boxers, and hastened to get her another drink. 

When he arrived at her door, Jane was laying face down on the bed, nude. It was the first time he had seen her without clothing. He noted that she was an excellent physical specimen: well developed and well maintained.

"Oh, there you are. Put the drink on the night stand and put some of this lotion on me, please," Jane said.

Jane was pleased that he was barely clothed. She loved the way his boxer-briefs hugged his narrow hips and hard ass. She squeezed her thighs together as a little ripple of lust shot through her. It was most uncommon for her to be aroused like this, and most pleasant.

Cody put the drink on the nightstand and picked up the lotion. He squeezed a dollop of the thick lotion in his hand, warmed it, and then started applying it to her back. He had noted her change of behavior and the reduced level of stress in her voice. Cody also picked up her level of sexual arousal as soon as he touched her. He deduced that her arousal and sense of well being were interrelated and sought to increase both. Cody sensuously applied the lotion to her back, carefully observing which tactile manipulations gave her the most pleasure. 

His strong, tireless fingers soon had her reduced to jelly. His kneading fingers felt especially good on her butt. Jane did not try to stifle the little moans of pleasure that escaped from her mouth. She spread her legs in silent invitation and sighed as he took the hint and massaged the inside of her thighs. She only wished that he would touch her pussy. He carefully avoided it, however, as his hands stroked her from ankle to ass. She did not protest or hesitate when Cody asked her to turn over so he could massage her front. His touch was alternately feather soft and firm as he worked his magic. 

When he got to her breasts, he lingered there. Cody noted the increase in her arousal and paid her mammary protrusions extra attention. She gasped when he took her nipples between his fingers and squeezed them.

"Oh, yes, Cody; that feels wonderful," she sighed.

Cody processed the pressure required in dynes per square centimeter to bring her maximum pleasure and then applied it. Jane did not give a whit about the complex physics his processors were dealing with as she arched her back to force her breasts harder into his hands. Cody sustained her pleasure for the optimum period of time then trailed his hands down to her primary sexual organ. He lightly stroked her mons and labia majora until he determined that her arousal was at its apex. He then dropped his head and captured her clitoris with his lips. 

Jane jerked and gasped.

"Cody!" she yelled rapturously. 

Cody consulted his Gray's Anatomy reference file, then wormed a finger into her very wet introitus and raised the temperature of his finger by three degrees. His manipulation of her genitalia had the desired effect as Jane exploded in writhing orgasm. 

Jane had almost fainted when Cody latched onto her clit. His tongue was vibrating faster than her best dildo when he stuck his finger into her slick channel. He felt so hot in her she came like a mad woman. 

Oh my god, he was doing it again, this time his finger was on her g-spot, pressing lightly as he sucked gently on her clit. Fireworks, exploding stars, melting suns all vied for her attention as she came again. She was a limp noodle when Cody mounted her. 

Cody took her, pure and simple. He was tireless and masterful, and she loved every second of it. Cody slid his shaft into her then expanded it to fill her completely. She was corked like a bottle of Chablis when he started stroking into her. 

"Oh shit, oh fucking shit," she moaned, as her first ever orgasm from intercourse struck.

She was cursing and babbling like an idiot when Cody pinned her knees against her chest and immobilized her hands above her head. 

Cody carefully varied his stroke in speed and power to keep her climaxing at three minute intervals. Sensing when she had had enough, he released his artificial semen. 

Servomotors actuated small powerful pumps that hurled a torrent of glucose based ejaculate against her cervix. The force of his ejaculation sent Jane to the moon. She came so hard she fainted. 

Cody carefully assessed her physical condition. Satisfied that she was not injured, he went to the bathroom for a glass of water and a damp towel for her. He was gently bathing her perspiration sheened face when she awoke. Jane opened her eyes and grabbed him in a fierce embrace. Cody gave her a sip of water and then lay down beside her. He held her and murmured sweet nothings until she went to sleep. While she dozed peacefully, Cody processed all that had happened. He reasoned that he had found what his owner truly needed. He woke her twice more that night to confirm his theory. Each time she responded to his taking of her with groaning passion.

The next morning, Cody laid out her outfit for the day and made her a bagel. He gave her a steaming kiss at the door and sent her to work giggling with a slap on her derrière.

Jane's staff noticed the difference in her attitude when she stepped into the office, an uncharacteristic ten minutes late. She seemed sweetly distracted and almost friendly. She was also dressed differently than usual. She was not wearing anything tacky or overtly sexy, but the hint was there. Her skirt was two inches above her knees and the top two buttons of her blouse were artfully undone.

Jane was just finishing a meeting when Cody arrived to take her to lunch. Jane's secretary, Sally, almost drooled at the cowboy apparition in front of her desk. Cody was wearing silver-toed alligator boots, faded jeans, and a black and white, wide striped shirt. A perfectly formed Stetson was perched on his head. Cody doffed his hat and spoke to her.

"My name is Cody, ma'am, and ah'm alookin' for Ms. Weston," he said.

Sally, not trusting her voice to operate, nodded mutely and pointed towards Jane's office door.

"Thank you ma'am," Cody drawled as he sauntered in the direction she pointed.

Sally almost peed her pants when she caught sight of his ass in the tight jeans. It was clear as crystal what had their up-tight boss in such a good mood. She grabbed the phone and called the accounting department. Wait until the girls got a gander at those buns! 

Thirty minutes later, all the women in the office were at Sally's desk. They were acting as if they had just arrived with important business when Jane's door opened. Their boss came walking out clutching Cody's arm. Her normally perfectly coifed hair was in disarray and her blouse was untucked and mostly unbuttoned. The women could tell her bra was missing as she unsteadily walked toward them.

"Ladies, I think I'll take the rest of the day off," Jane said dazedly.

"That's right; me and this little filly have some plans for the afternoon. Ain't that right, sweet cheeks?" Cody asked as he pulled her against his side.

Jane blushed scarlet but nodded her head. She gave him a doe eyed look that dropped Sally and her friends' jaws to the floor. Sally and her coworkers had no idea that Cody was a part of the deal with Intercontinental Machinery.

"Anything you say, Cody," she simpered, giggling like a schoolgirl. "Anything at all".

Mr. Wonderful did become a commercial success, but the money the deal made her was secondary to Jane. She would have gladly paid what she had invested just to own Cody. IMC rewrote the main operating code for the version that hit the market, eliminating the adaptability subroutine. IMC offered to upgrade Cody for her by installing the new programming. Jane turned the offer down; Cody had ceased being a machine to her when he started acting like the man she had subconsciously always wanted.