 This is the second chapter of a two-part exploration of life on LUNA1, a permanent colony of Earth which was set up by a Chinese-Indian consortium to exploit Luna`s abundant He3 a vital fuel for fusion reactors on Earth. The central characters Sadie and Jorge work as miners LUNA1 but also serve as extras in VR porn, the colony's second-leading revenue generator.

All characters are over eighteen.

I thank you for your votes and comments.

Piscator

_____________________________________________________________________________

Fascinating rhythm, you've got me on the goFascinating rhythm, I'm all a-quiver

Fascinating rhythm, the neighbors want to know

Fascinating rhythm, what makes me shiver

Fascinating Rhythm - George and Ira Gershwin, 1924

Jorge sighed as Sadie's liquid cunt contracted around his still erect cock. MMMMMaybe this was the rhythm Ira found so fascinating. He stirred as Priscilla reminded him that they had a cum shot planned when Sol would emerge from Earth's shadow in fifteen minutes. Reluctantly, he withdrew from Sadie's leaking vagina and felt their fluids dribbling down his balls and the crack of his ass. Sadie responding to his exit turned to face him and kissed him deeply. She moved downwards kissing lightly, then lasciviously licked his cock and smooth balls clean. Jorge moaned as her mouth surrounded his prick and heard the audience moan too as they shared the exquisite sensitivity of the revival of his post-cum cock.

Sadie pivoted straddling Jorge, pressing her sex into his face, demanding that he reciprocate and pay the same attention to her cunt as her mouth lavished upon his cock, Like an alley cat responding to a bowl of milk, Jorge eagerly complied, his rough tongue lapping in ever decreasing circles round Sadie's swollen labia, not quite touching her clit. She shivered as his tongue tracked her wet slit and he finally mouthed her nubbin nibbling gently. He licked and sucked the heady mix of his seed and her juices while his woman writhed under his tongue. Jorge kneaded her breasts, his nails leaving imprints in her soft flesh, her nipples elongating as he pinched them. His hands moved to her buttocks, spreading her cheeks then he slowly pressed the slick lubed vibe into her puckered rectum. Sadie groaned it felt so good: below the audience tied into her VR net groaned with her.

Hearing Sadie's groans, Jorge grinned, sweet music to his ears. He loved it as she channeled her inner slut and grunted as he pressed the slick pulsing vibe past her rectum. Yes, his woman was noisy and demanding in sex and it turned them both on. And yes, he loved the sound, smells and tastes of her orgasm almost as much as his own. He lapped the juices from at her slit and felt the pulsing of the vibe in her ass intensify as Priscilla turned it up. His thumb rubbed Sadie's mons and she pressed her sex hard against his mouth. His teeth grazed her clitoris as his tongue probed deep into her vagina, zeroing in on that spot. Sadie grew rigid and shuddered as wave after wave of sensations radiated through her body and Jorge sucked greedily as her climax pushed out the last of their cum. By now he was fully aroused again and almost on cue, Priscilla prompted "Five minutes until Sol emerges."

Sadie moaned as the waves of her climax coursed through her. MMMMM but she wanted more, much more. She could blame the drugs and the pheromone enhancers and they certainly helped. But deep inside she realized she needed sex and kink, particularly playing the role of a whore who would do anything for cock or cunt, to offset her otherwise normal conservative lifestyle. As Priscilla proclaimed the five-minute warning, Sadie smiled at Jorge's revived cock and assumed the classic, slave slut pose which they both loved. She squatted at his feet, knees apart, her most naked pussy glistening with the vibe still buzzing in her ass and buried his thick 25 cm prick between her luscious D breasts, with the tip protruding for her mouth and tongue to tease. She rubbed her tits up and down his cock then mouthed his foreskin back and licked his sensitive glans before her tongue probed his seeping cumhole. She reached down and squeezed his taut balls rigid against his hairless sac, then slipped a wet finger up his ass to massage his prostate.

Jorge mumbled incoherently as Sadie relentlessly teased him, but just as he was about to crest the point of no return, she squeezed his cock hard and Priscilla tightened his cock ring, denying his release. He barked "Fuck bitch, let me cum!" but Sadie sniggered, "Not yet baby, were building you for the biggest climax of your life!" He moaned as the cycle was repeated, again and yet again. But then as their neural monitor chimed, Sadie released her hand and knelt before him exclaiming, "Cum Baby Cum! give me the longest pearl necklace in all of Luna!" Jorge stepped back his hand furiously pumping his newly liberated cock and then he was coming, spurting a 3 m long jet of white-hot jism across Sadie's face, breasts and stomach just as Sol emerged from Sol's shadow.

Jorge and Sadie both smiled as the producer's ecstatic comment, "3 stars -- Yesss" confirmed that he was more than happy with the shot. The moon's light gravity aided all cum shots, but Jorge was a wonder and he had spurted for at least 60 seconds. Everything was captured from multiple angles with full neural feeds, the scene would be replayed for years. Below the audience was initially silent, overwhelmed by the spectacle and VR feed, but then erupted into thunderous applause. They could sense they were getting something special, that it was more than just another show today. Both performers and audience connected on the same wavelength and magic was about.

Sadie looked deep int Jorge's eyes as she rubbed his glistening white cum over her dark breasts and pink nipples. She was insatiable today and he nodded to her unspoken demand, her needs today could not be met by one man. They signaled Priscilla to lower the platform and move from a single couple to a group performance. Sometimes there was even audience participation. But with so many extras in this show, the others would come from the cast, they were already probed and the producer wanted to capture it all for later digital sales.

As Sadie lay back, her hands idly caressing her breasts and nipple, Jorge blew lightly across her perineum and cunt while running the lubed vibrator slowly round to her crack and. Sadie, well into her voracious mode pleated, "Yes, Oh Babe, Harder, Faster, Need More Cock!"

Jorge smiled to himself as Sadie moaned when he withdrew the vibe from her distended asshole and begged him for another cock, any cock, more cock to fill every hole. As the platform reached the ground an older man approached. He was in his mid-50's in reasonably good shape, around 1.85 m tall and 80 kg or so Earthside. He was white, a good contrast to Sadie's Nubian black and Jorge's golden skins. He looked vaguely familiar, an apprehension which was confirmed when Priscilla whispered excitedly into Sadie and Jorge's aural feed "It's Mr. C the director, he and Mansi are joining you for the finale scenes and you are now the Main Event!"

As Jorge lay back, Sadie mounted his rampant cock and turned her attention to the smooth white circumcised prick before her. Somehow, what with Mr. C being British and all it, she called it a prick rather than a cock. But most amazingly he had hair!!! Thick salt and pepper curls on his head and pubic region. Resident Loonies were always hairless, part of the gig - at any time you might have to go outside the Dome in your MoonSuit and stray hairs can mess up the air recirc which isn't a good thing in a vacuum. So, you took your depill pill every second week and learned to love it bare. And jutting form Mr. C's dense pubic curls, a lovely white penis. It was shorter than Jorge's but almost as thick and more than enough to fill her ass. Sadie could already see a drop precum leaking from the tip and could not resist lowering her mouth to taste it

Only a brief lick and a teasing suck, however, as Mr. C rubbed his prick with phosphorescent lube and moved behind Sadie. His caressed and parted her cheeks as he slowly tracked his luminous light saber between her dark buttocks, before pressing his cockhead at the entrance of her nether portal. Sadie pushed back, groaning, relaxing as her sphincter to take in his girth. Mr. C grunted as he slowly eased his pale member past her distended anus. The audience, many of whom also were patched into his probes, groaned and grunted along with them. Priscilla sarcastically queried ``Is a cock in the hole better than the one in the bush?"

Jorge gave a sigh as Sadie lowered her dripping cunt on his ever-ready cock, then watched entranced as she mouthed the new white phallus. Mr. C wasted no time, as he moved behind Sadie and she raised her hindquarters to receive him. His hand palpitated her cheeks as he tracked his glowing shaft along her crack, before pressing his cockhead at the entrance of her nether portal and slowly entered her arsehole. A Moonwhich, he chortled to himself as they filled both Sadie`s holes. From his position as the bottom slice, Jorge could feel both the tight clasp of Sadie's vagina around his shaft and the thrusts Mr. C's prick deep within Sadie's bowels and curiously the tickle of his pubic hair rubbing against his balls. As Sadie leaned forward, he nestled his head between her breasts while his mouth and tongue were busy with her nipples.

Then Sadie moved forward and Jorge looked up in the growing light as Sol emerged for Earth's shadow to see a tiny Indian woman approaching, her long black hair framing her lithe body as her small hands cupped her full breasts and teased her prominent nipples. They recognized her at once as Mansi, who had featured in Mr. C's epic VR compendium of the Kama Sutra. She smiled as Priscilla then satirically commented that Mansi's Indian name translated to "plucked flower" and that there would be all sorts of plucking in the next scene. As Mansi approached, her right hand moved from her breast to stroke her quim, shaved but for a small thatch of dark hair above. Her thick labia were already wet and her prominent clitoris glistened either from her self stimulation or, more likely, from her own plucking. As she came closer, the telltale white trail oozing down her thighs confirmed the latter.

Sadie chuckled to herself as Priscilla patched Fred Astaire's version of Gershwin's "Dancing Close Together Cheek to Cheek" into their audio feed. Yes, she was in heaven. So full, with Jorge's fat cock filling her vagina and Mr. C's long narrow shaft deep inside her rectum. As Mansi squatted before her, Sadie latched her mouth on those swollen labia and the hard brown nubbin nestled within. She was an anemone adrift in a sea of sensation, her nether orifices pulsing around the thrusting cocks while her mouth ravaged Mansi's quim, relishing the taste and texture of the mixed cum. The multiple neural feedback melded individual sensory stimulation from performers and the audience to create an exquisite shared experience of time dilation fused with both out of body and very much in body sensations. Yet all too soon it was over, two cocks and then none, as Mr. C gasped loudly and pulled his spurting cock from Sadie's ass, splaying his load over her back and Mansi's firm breasts and swollen nipples. Jorge, no doubt aided by Priscilla's firm control, slowly withdrew his painfully swollen shaft from Sadie's vagina, saving his cum for the final scene.

Sadie scooped the jism from her back and ass and greedily licked before offering her fingers to Mansi. She watched in awe as Mansi flicked out her legendary tongue to lap the cum from her fingers and palm. Long and thick, it was almost like a sex organ by itself. Sadie squatted over the vixen's face and reveled in the sensations, moaning "Mmmmm Yessss" as Mansi's talented tongue licked her labia, then moved further, down across her perineum before lapping the remnant cum from Sadie's crack and teasing Sadie's puckered rear portal, then it too was gone

Jorge licked the remaining fluids from Sadie's breasts then turned his attention to Mansi's moist pussy, with its thatch of dark pubic hair, first teasing with her prominent outer lips with his fingers, then following with mouth lips and tongue. In turn, Mansi focussed her ardor on Jorge's cock, running her long thick tongue along the length of Jorge's shaft. Sadie sat back for a moment to savor the view as Mansi worshiped Jorge's magnificent penis.

Mansi stroked Jorge's shaft, her tiny hands unable to encompass his girth but then her reptilian tongue extended pressing against the length of his stalk before circling around his mushroom cap. Her mouth followed, enveloping his cockhead while her tongue stroked with his rod. Jorge quivered, help back from release only by the sudden tightening at the back of his cock. He groaned, "Damn Priscilla, I need to cum!"

Sadie, still unsated, wanted more, much more. She turned and mouthed Mr. C's limp cock with little response; like many older males, it appeared he was a one and done wonder. But then he brought forth a double dildo and ran it along the cleft of her buttocks covering it with the last of his spunk and then knelt before her. Sadie smiled wickedly as she spread her legs, instructing Mr. C to kiss her ass, making sure he gave it a good rim job. She leaned back and slowly inserted one end of the toy into her vagina, slowly thrusting in and out while C's tongue rimmed her ass and perineum lapping her copious fluids. She moved his head forward to face the dildo and thrust it into his mouth. He gagged as she pushed his head down and the dildo reached the back of his throat but continued his service. Sadie chuckled, "That's only the short end. Now turn around! Ass for ass and it's your turn!" She stood and tightened the harness fastening the toy, and motioned for Mr. C to assume the tabletop position on his hands and knees.

Jorge loved to see Sadie take the Dominant role. And yes, there were times when she fucked him with the strap-on, but it was equally exciting to see her preparing for Mr. C. As they moved to the center platform he could see his prick reviving as Sadie ran the lubed toy down his crack then pressed the tip against his asshole. Following Pricilla's que, Mansi lay back with her head over the edge of the platform while spreading her legs wide presenting both her nether holes to Jorge's view. As he pressed the tip of lubed his cock on her butthole, he almost laughed out loud at Pricilla's private feed "This may be a first - Moonies fucking Earthsiders in the ass!"

It had been a while since Sadie had fucked a guy. Although she had experimented with Jorge, her dildo was usually confined to women. But there she was with Mr. C on all fours, spreading his cheeks for her. She rubbed lube on her stick before pressing the lube to his hole and giving a generous squeeze. She ran her rod down his asscrack then rested the tip on his anus. Mr. C grimaced as she slowly pushed into his bowels, then moaned and pushed back against her as Sadie reached round to stroke his reviving member.

At Priscilla's prompt, Sadie prodded Mr. C to rise to his knees and he waddled to the platform, She followed behind, keeping the dildo in his bowels. As he drew reached the platform, Mansi reached out to bring his member to her mouth eagerly licking and sucking his floppy prick. She gave a muffled groan as Jorge lifted her legs over his shoulders and pressed the Ben-Wa balls into her delectable cunt before resting his cockhead at her puckered brown rose and slowly entered. Mr. C moaned too as Sadie began her slow thrusts and his reviving member twitched in Mansi's mouth. Below them the audience was quiet, anticipating the final scene as Sol slowly emerged from the last of Earth's shadow.

Jorge chortled as Priscilla snickered" A double-decker Moonwich" and paused for an instant to admire the view. Sadie fucking Mr. C's lily white ass with a monstrous double dildo while Mansi sucked C's revived pink prick, and his cock filled her tight rectum. The overhead view would show the pulsing of the holographic dragon etched into Sadie's back flickered through a range of colours but they were way to close to see that. A truly multicultural, multiracial orgy, reflecting the diversity of the audience writhing below them.

Sadie met Jorge's gaze eyes and smiled, then the moment passed and they returned to the scene. Jorge rammed his stanchion into the petit Indian woman beneath him, her perfect tits quivering with each thrust. Mansi's tongue took on a life of its own. teasing C's crown, then squeezing his shaft as her mouth engulfed his prick in time to Jorge's thrusts. Soon all four were settled, fucking and sucking in rhythmic synchrony. Jorge felt a pulsing in his bunghole, and glancing at Sadie knew hers was activated too as Pricilla cracked "Everyone gets it in the ass!" Their world contracted to cock, cunt, ass, and mouth. Wave upon wave of sensation washed over them building ever higher until at last it crested. Suspended in an infinity of sex, individual consciousness receded with the neural crossfeed and they floated adrift in a tsunami of Tantric bliss. Below them, the audience writhed as their VR feeds locked them in the same primordial rhythm. Sadie squirted as she rode her climax around the double dildo buried deep in her cunt, her thrusts into Mr. C's bowels triggering his cock to release into Mansi's mouth as Jorge erupted, filling Mansi's bowels with his spunk and sparking her anal orgasm. Finally spent, they lay together reveling in the afterglow.

Sadie awoke much later, alone with Jorge in their private quarters, still feeling the tingles from the Earth Eclipse orgy. Jorge was still sound asleep, his cock flaccid, although it did twitch when she licked it.

But then another neural chime. Base, not Priscilla this time, it was already time to go back to work. One day of sensory deprivation before she was attached to the avatar suits and merged with the mining machines searching for deeper rocks and higher He3 levels. Four days as life as a machine, a day of deprograming and she would be back. Sadie on a Saturday night, walking down the alley to join the rest of the extras for the next special show.