 Lady Sally was ready to make her appearance. She squeezed into the rubber outfit, complementing it with a pair of shiny, black stiletto shoes with narrow, pointy tips. She looked and felt fabulous. There was something empowering about the touch of tight rubber clinging to her skin. 

Her guests were waiting for her in the lounge, having been served tumblers of twenty-year-old matured Scottish whisky from Lady Sally's distillery on the Isle of Islay. Having never met before, they were chatting amongst one another nervously, both because of their lack of familiarity but also in anticipation of Lady's Sally's entrance, knowing they must soon submit themselves to whatever her wicked imagination might subject them to. 

There were four invited guests, a duke, a bishop, a judge and a banker, carefully selected by Lady Sally from the many aristocratic or powerful personages who availed themselves of her very particular services. They were regular submissive gentlemen of hers, and had paid handsomely, either in money or special services, for the privilege. It was a once in a lifetime chance for submission to the premier dominatrix of the age whilst floating several thousand feet in the air on a dirigible. It was an opportunity that did not occur often, indeed not at all. 

The teak doors pulled open, and Lady Sally showed herself. There was a collective gasp from the gentlemen. She looked stunning. 

The purple latex clung to her skin, accentuating every voluptuous curve of her body. Her breasts had been squeezed into the tight rubber, making them firm and rounded, whilst her nipples stood out proud like little buds. Her sleek, black hair cascaded around her shoulders and looked striking against the purple rubber. Her blue eyes, heavily made-up with black kohl, threw a piercing gaze across at them. 

They stood up to greet her, complimenting her effusively on her remarkable attire and distinctive look. They could not take their eyes off her. 

Lady Sally smiled. It was remarkable how men dissolved into submission at the sight of her in rubber... at the sight of her in anything, really. 

"Victoria, you must go to the cockpit and invite Captain Wyndham to join us. Now we are cruising, he should be free to leave Clarissa to pilot. Tell him that, as my airship pilot, it's fitting he should be acquainted with my guests." 

Her maid scurried away to fetch the captain. 

"Welcome to The Corseted Domme, gentlemen. I promise you an amazing expedition on the most magnificent flying machine of the age." 

"With the most remarkable woman of the age too. You look fabulous, my dear," praised the man in a purple cassock and dog collar. 

"Absolutely stunning, milady!" exclaimed another. 

"You have excelled yourself, mistress." 

"It's an incredible outfit, mistress. What is it made of?" 

"I've informed you of my business ventures in the far east," she scolded. "Well, this is the material the Rudston-Chichester Incorporated Rubber Company produces at my Malaysian plantation. It's rather wonderful, don't you think?" 

"It's incredibly sexy, mistress," the duke interrupted. 

Lady Sally returned the compliment with a hard stare, and savage words, "I will not be insulted by such impertinences, slave. And look at that bulge in your trousers. I'll soon punish that out of you." 

The humiliated gentleman was rescued by the arrival of Captain Wyndham, who looked anxious. He was an aviator and engineer and felt uncomfortable amongst Lady Sally's aristocratic circle of friends. He felt out of place amongst such finely dressed gentlemen in white jumper, flying trousers and boots, though he didn't sense Lady Sally was bothered. 

"This is my airship pilot, Captain Wyndham. His skill in flying, and the technical wizardry of my design team, are what have made this day possible." 

Captain Wyndham flushed with pride at the acknowledgment given by Lady Sally. 

She introduced her guests to the captain. 

There was the Bishop of Wetwang. Wetwang being a Peculier jurisdiction within the Province of York, which allowed the part of Yorkshire where Rudston Hall was situated to have its own bishopric. Naturally, on his institution, one of the Bishop's first calls was to the principal landowner and richest inhabitant within his jurisdiction. Needless to say, he soon succumbed to Lady Sally's charms. The fact she declared herself not to be a Christian but a follower of Paganism, a faith that believes in the divine feminine and the Goddess (which Lady Sally considered all men ought to adhere to), did not prevent him making regular visits to Rudston Hall under the pretence of trying to convert her. 

There was Mr S T Medlicott, manager of the British operation of the Shanghai, Hitachi, Ipowima and Tokyo Bank. This bank managed Lady Sally's portfolio of multifarious investments across the world, from her brass mine in Zanzibar to her chain of bars and brothels in the wild west; from her many tea plantations in India and China to her silk emporium in Samarkand. Lady Sally had business interests across the whole world. Obviously, on being introduced to her wealthy client, it was not long before Mr Medlicott was serving Lady Sally's desires in other respects. 

Of course, Lady Sally considered it most propitious in pursuing her interests to have contacts with the legal profession. Mr T W Staple Firth was a judge in the High Court. It was mainly through Lady Sally's influence he attained such a position. He had acted as her barrister over several years. It was terribly tiresome for her, but she did have a habit of getting entangled in slander cases as she was rather outspoken. On occasions things got out of hand, so it was useful to have a barrister on hand to protect her reputation. 

Finally, there was the Duke of Westminster, who was fourth in line to the throne of England no less. She was related to the duke through the Chichester line of the family. These were the circles Lady Sally mixed in. The duke was so rich he didn't need to work, so he kept himself gainfully occupied by indulging his taste for all manner of perversions. Indeed, there was a rumour that, whilst at Brasenose College, Oxford, as a member of an infamous dining club, he had put his cock in a dead pig's mouth and fucked the poor beast, neatly combining bestiality with necrophilia in one fell swoop. Her reputation as a strict mistress having spread before her, it was the duke who approached Lady Sally with an ardent desire to experience such debaucheries as she could offer. He was younger than the other men and, it has to be said, Lady Sally found him quite 'hot'. 

If she allowed any of her submissive gentlemen to fuck her, it would be him; after all, satisfying her own sexual desires was part of the expedition. It would least likely be the bishop because of his declared commitment to celibacy though Lady Sally had never quite understood how his faith permitted him to indulge in flagellation and buggery. 

They were a strange group defined by the variety of body shapes and assortment of facial hair they possessed. The bishop was tall, thin and angular with a freckled balding head. The banker had a ruddy, round face with ginger whiskers, and was exceedingly fat. The judge was of medium build with a serious expression, bushy black eyebrows and a long beard. The duke was the youngest of the group and had a well-toned body, smooth skin and a pencil thin moustache, giving him an effeminate look. 

Lady Sally was disappointed the brigadier could not join her as a military man would have fitted her vision of gathering the most powerful men from all walks of life rather well. It amused her to have these leading representatives of church, business, law and aristocracy submit to her every whim. The more powerful the better. She would have liked a Member of Parliament and newspaper proprietor too, but there was a limit to the number of submissive gentlemen one could deal with, even for her. There was a reason this combination worked well though as she would explain to them in due course. 

Having made the necessary introductions, Lady Sally was getting frustrated. She was itching to put The Corseted Domme to the uses she had been designed for, desperate to fulfil her vision of becoming Mistress of the Air. 

"Enough of this idle chatter." Lady Sally ordered, the level of her voice raising to one of imperious command, "You have come here to serve to your mistress. I will take you on a journey, not only to far-flung and exotic places, but into submission. You have offered to give yourselves up to me, and there will be no respite in your servitude to your mistress. 

"I will turn The Corseted Domme into a world of domination, flagellation and sadism worthy of the 120 Days of Sodom. For was not that orchestrated by a duke, a bishop, a judge and a banker, but in Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester's world, it's you who will be subject to me. You will now remove your clothing; hand it to my maid, Victoria. It will be returned when I have completed my travels. Leave the worlds of power, wealth, law and religion behind, and enter into my domain of submission." 

At Lady Sally's strident tone, the four gentlemen jumped into action. They proceeded to strip off, knowing their mistress well, and realising it would not be wise to procrastinate in complying with her command. 

Captain Wyndham looked on bemused, hoping the order could not apply to him, after all he was needed to pilot the airship. He had to admit, he had been drawn into Lady Sally's world, and was fascinated by her; but to strip off and submit yourself to dastardly beatings? 

When they were naked, Victoria put studded, leather collars around their necks, and attached leads to them for Lady Sally to hold. She ordered them to get down on all fours and led them crawling, like her pets, into The Corseted Domme's playroom. 

Lady Sally gestured for the captain to follow, "You must see my dungeon in action. You will find it interesting." 

The dungeon playroom was a huge space taking up the whole of the rear end of the gondola. It was designed to be spectacular. One end of the room, from floor to ceiling, was taken up with a display window, which opened out to the sky, and there were large portholes along the sides. There were blinds to plunge the room into darkness and create a gloomy atmosphere, but now the light shone through the glazing to flood the space with light. 

It was fitted out with all manner of heavy equipment: bondage chairs, whipping benches, bondage wall, rack and cages. Much of it was made from mahogany with brass fittings and, where required, fitted with padded leather in purple and black, the Rudston-Chichester family colours. Facing the equipment, with its back to the viewing window, was her throne, an ornately carved mahogany chair upholstered in tapestry with the family coat-of-arms embroidered on it. 

Her favourite implements of punishment hung from brass hooks and fittings lining the side of the airship. There was an array of tools for sadistic flagellation available: canes, whips, riding crops, floggers and straps in a range of materials and sizes, each one capable of administering its unique quality of beating. 

Lady Sally grasped the leads in her latex gloves, and led the men over to the window on all fours, the rubber suit creaking and squeaking as she strode forward. She stood there, a vision in purple with four men at her heels, gazing out. They were at about 2,000 feet and, from Captain Wyndham's position behind them, it truly looked as though Lady Sally was standing in the clouds. 

"Now let's administer some punishment," she spat.