 Unperturbed by the impending storm, and the first signs of turbulence as the wind whipped up, Lady Sally tied the banker onto her rack with rope, and selected another attachment from the wooden box. If the earlier one resembled a comb, this one was more like a hair brush with clusters of copper wire sticking out from a moulded brass oval. 

She examined it carefully, running her fingers across the prickly wires, "This is rather like my little hedgehog flogger, but with added electricity." 

She adjusted the current to her satisfaction and brushed the wiry hairs against the banker's nipples to test it. She was delighted with the results as the spiky pain made him squeal, and squirm against the ropes. She tested the prickles against his penis and, as the blue sparks flew, the playroom was lit up by a flash of lightning. 

Victoria, having a phobia of lightning following her unfortunate experience of singed pubes, dived under the rack, and covered her eyes. 

Lady Sally rolled her eyes in disgust at the maid whimpering at her feet, "Really, what use is a maid who runs off at the first sign of a little storm." 

The thunder rumbled and cracked around The Corseted Domme. 

She switched the attachments around. This next one consisted of a glass tube, which when the current was turned up, gave out a purple, unearthly glow in the darkness, it now being night, and the airship enveloped in black storm clouds. 

There was another flash of brilliant white. It lit up Lady Sally as she stood there with her breasts bursting out of the turquoise corset, holding a purple glowing stick like a demon from a sexy version of hell. 

She got to work with the glass tube, which sprayed purple sparks when it touched sensitive flesh. Lady Sally didn't know where to turn next as she turned from rack to wall board to whipping bench wielding the purple stick with relish. The moans, squeals and screams from her slaves could not drown out the cracks of thunder as the airship drove into the epicentre of the storm. 

Another flash of lightning filled the viewing window with a blinding white light. 

"Oh, how exciting. This storm is quite turning me on!" she exclaimed, ripping off the glass tube attachment and replacing it with a bullet-like brass fitting. 

She turned the current down and the vibration up... right up high. She wriggled out of her satin knickers, plonking herself on her upholstered throne, desperate for release. The thunder rumbled... the lightning flashed... the brass object buzzed, as Lady Sally pressed it against her sex. 

She rolled it over her cunt lips, then onto her clit, sending shock waves of erotic pleasure shooting through her. 

The giant airship rolled and rollicked against the gale, tilting dangerously as it forced its way onwards, its tip penetrating the dark folds of cloud. 

"Oh my god, madam. We're going to crash!" wailed Victoria from under the rack. 

Oblivious to the storm, indeed, in tandem with the storm, Lady Sally pushed the whirring, vibrating object up her crack. The pleasure of using her new device along with the wild excitement of the storm meant she was sopping. She moaned in pleasure in time to the rumbling thunder, and thrust the throbbing object deeper inside her with each lightning strike until she could hold back no longer, breaking into a long, satisfying orgasm. 

"God, that was good!" she exclaimed after she'd recovered. 

She stood up, unsteady on her feet both from the exertions of her climax and the airship which was listing from side to side. 

It was at this point cook appeared. She was confronted with Lady Sally, crotch sopping with juices, breasts hanging out, dishevelled black hair, wild-eyed, and precariously balanced on stiletto ankle-boots, holding a vibrating brass bullet. 

"I can't go on like this your ladyship," she grumbled. "I can't do any baking with this 'ere airship thing rolling from side to side. And me jelly moulds have fallen on the floor; I'm telling you milady, they'll all be dinted now." 

Cook, being considerably shorter than her employer, was eye-level with Lady Sally's bare tits. 

"But it's supper time, cook. I could murder a smoked salmon and cucumber sandwich." 

Cook crossed her arms and pulled a face, "A sandwich. You expect me to make sandwiches in these conditions." 

"Well yes, and a pot of tea as well, of course." 

There was another crack of thunder, followed at once by a flash of lightning. The airship listed sharply. Lady Sally tottered one way on her high heels but managed to keep her balance. The airship rolled to the other side. She teetered for a moment, then collapsed on top of cook, whose face became smothered in Lady Sally's breasts. 

She lay there for several minutes, cook crushed under her corset-clad body. The airship was still rolling from side to side with turbulence. Lady Sally had great difficulty pulling herself up, not being able to receive any assistance from her maid who was still a gibbering wreck underneath the rack. Eventually she heaved herself off the floor. 

Cook gulped in a deep breath, "Oh my lord," she exclaimed, "I've been suffocated by a pair of boobies!" 

"Yes, as I was saying cook - that will be pot of tea. And bring the sugar bowl and silver tongs as I feel in need of sugar to boost my energy levels... and a plate of salmon sandwiches... and whilst you're at it, make some for the captain. I expect he'll need nourishment, flying in these conditions." 

"This ain't proper, milady," cook complained as she stormed back to the kitchens. 

"I'll take tea in the control cabin, cook," she replied, ignoring the grumbles of her employee. 

Being tied down in various ways, Lady Sally's slaves were safe from the rolling airship. So she headed for the cockpit to see how the captain was faring and how the storm looked from the front of the gondola. 

She opened the door to see Captain Wyndham, with his brass goggles on, staring into the gloom, a look of concentration etched on his face. Clarissa's nipples were flashing red lights, the automaton's indicators for hazardous conditions. 

The captain was oblivious to Lady Sally's presence. His focus was on flying The Corseted Domme, getting her through the storm and over the mountains in one piece. His hand gripped the steering wheel whilst Clarissa held onto the tiller operating the elevators. The brass dials on the control panel set in her body were going wild, their needles swinging back and forth. 

Captain Wyndham was enjoying himself if truth be told. If you wanted a safe life, you did not enter the world of aviation and airship piloting. He revelled in the risks. He enjoyed the challenge of driving the dirigible through such extreme conditions. He had the ability to blot out the dangers and concentrate on the task at hand. He'd come close to death numerous times flying bi-planes and lived to tell the tale, so why wouldn't he survive this? 

A bright shot of lightning illuminated the whole scene outside the control room. Peering down, Lady Sally could see the snowy crags of the mountain tops directly below her, almost within touching distance. One slight loss of control and the airship would crash into the peaks, plunging them to an icy and fiery death. 

Captain Wyndham didn't flinch. Lady Sally was most impressed with the conduct of her airship pilot. 

"You're dealing with this very calmly, captain," she commented. 

Wyndham looked around in surprise, not realising Lady Sally had been stood behind him for the last few minutes. 

"Well, there's no point getting in a panic, Lady Sally. There's a job to be done, and it requires complete concentration." 

Thunder crashed. Lightning flashed. 

"It's rather beautiful and exhilarating, this display of unfettered natural forces, is it not?" 

"Yes, Lady Sally, it's awesome. You get the closest view of it up here at the front of the gondola. We have to stay near to the mountains; we won't go any further into the storm than necessary, and I can follow the line of the peaks so we don't get blown off course." 

"Will we make it through do you think, captain?" 

"Yes, we should. I think we're through the worst of the storm now." 

"And will we be in Vienna in time for tea?" 

The captain laughed, "I know, madam can't miss tea time. Provided we survive; we've had a tail wind for the whole journey, so time's not the problem." 

The airship rolled back and forth with turbulence. Lady Sally, just at the side of the captain's chair, teetered on her heels, collapsing tits-up into his lap with her legs draped over the edge of the chair. 

Captain Wyndham's heart jumped a beat. He'd never been so close to Lady Sally before. He gazed at her naked breasts, their dark areola and distinctive phoenix tattoo visible. His flying goggles had the effect of magnifying everything, so her tits looked exaggeratedly enormous through their lenses. He could smell her, a mixture of sweet perfume and wanton sexual need. She looked incredible; both wild and unflappable at the same time. 

"Well, you certainly got an eyeful there, captain," she said, smiling up at him with a wicked glint in her eye. 

His heart was throbbing with arousal, but he tried to compose himself, "Indeed, Lady Sally. Here let me help you up." 

He took hold of her hands and pulled her up from his groin. She was soon on her feet again. 

"Oh look, bless cook, she's made us the tea," said Lady Sally as one of the rigger-men came in with a tray. 

Lady Sally perched on the arm rest on the pilot's seat next to the captain, "I will take tea here, and look on as we complete our passage over the mountains." 

It was a stunning, exhilarating sight. Fork lightning crackled over the snowy peaks as The Corseted Domme began her descent into the Austro-Hungarian Empire. 

Lady Sally held out a china plate, "Take a sandwich, captain."