 Borghild's movements were a tad mechanical, which was only to be expected. Indeed, she marched in a military style goose-step, which contributed strangely to her kinkiness. 

Lady Sally asked Victoria to summon the captain to the playroom, on the grounds he would be fascinated by the technological advances manifested in her new automaton. 

Her slaves gazed upon the pair in awe at the gleaming, scarlet rubber in matching outfits. Lady Sally's elegant and shapely legs were on full show in the short dress alongside the shiny, brass ones of the automaton. 

Lady Sally proceeded to introduce her, "This is Borghild. She has been especially designed for me by Ernst von Siemen, the renowned automation manufacturer. I made the diversion into the industrial wastelands of the Ruhr to pick her up from the manufactory. She will be my accomplice in punishment for the rest of my travels and has been designed specifically with my needs for sadistic domination in mind. I expect she will play a full part in assisting me. Remember, though, there will be no point pleading for mercy from her, as she'll take no notice. This will mean more fun for me and double the pain for you!" 

The springs and sockets behind Borghild's eyes clicked and whirred, swivelling her sockets from side to side with a gaze of disconcerting perspicacity as her photographic cells took recognition of the images of the four men. 

Captain Wyndham made an appearance before this announcement. 

"Ah, there you are captain. I trust things are quiet in the control room." 

"For a change, madam, yes." 

"I hope my adventures are not too exacting for you, captain?" 

"No, not at all Lady Sally; it was intended as a compliment not a complaint." 

"Excellent. There's no point asking the opinion of this bunch of miscreants: bankers don't know about anything useful, bishops have no appreciation for technological achievements, judges are hopeless, except for contesting an argument..." 

"I say, that's unfair," interrupted the judge, "I believe I can make a strong case for arguing for the intellectual capacity of a judge. The evidence is very strong..." 

Lady Sally gave him a withering stare. 

"And as for dukes, well they are useless." 

"Fair comment mistress," acknowledged the duke with a nod of his foppish lock of hair. 

"But I know you, captain, will appreciate the technological marvel of Borghild." 

Captain Wyndham inspected the automaton with considered curiosity. He looked into her eyes to examine the photographic cells, he examined the construction of her joints, and studied the control panel that operated the automaton. 

"Truly remarkable," Lady Sally. "She's a work of art. I've worked with Clarissa and she's marvellous, but the quality of the brass moulding and engineering of the limbs are more sophisticated in this model. And her eyes... it's as if she's alive. Can she talk? Has Herr Siemen mastered that technology?" 

"No, regrettably not captain, though that's just as well. I couldn't put up with anyone who contradicts me, not even an automaton." 

"No, indeed not, I can see that," the captain concurred. 

"You must stay and watch her in action. Right, let's get to work. I doubt if Borghild is ready to master knots and buckles yet but, if she observes me closely, she will learn." 

Lady Sally set to work putting her submissive gentlemen into bondage. She mentally divided the protagonists into those who would receive pain, and those who would receive pleasure. The bishop and judge were chosen for the former, strapped face forward onto the wall boards with their arses exposed, the latter selected for interrupting her earlier. The banker and duke were tied on their backs, the former on the bench, the latter on the rack. It was important Borghild learn the essentials of delivering corporal punishment first. 

Lady Sally selected two identical floggers, each with a piece of leather in the shape of the ace of spades at its end. She placed one in the hand of the automation. Her photographic eye cells registered how Lady Sally gripped it, and mimicked her by wrapping her brass knuckles around the black, leather handle. 

Lady Sally set about flogging the bishop with the implement, leaving the judge to Borghild. The automaton's mechanical eyes swivelled around to watch Lady Sally deliver a dozen or so strokes to the bishop's backside, starting gently but blossoming into a crescendo of ferocity. Borghild recorded the behaviour in the photographic cells, goose-stepped over to the judge and began to flog him. Her actions were staccato as she could not mimic the graceful, fluid movements of Lady Sally; after all she was an automaton. Nonetheless, Lady Sally was most satisfied with the results. Being an automaton, her actions were hard and unforgiving. Borghild soon had the judge whooping in pain. 

Lady Sally went through several implements, a whip, a leather strap, a wooden paddle and a cane so the automaton gained experience of handling different objects. Whether she could ever develop the instinctive affinity with them a skilful and experienced dominatrix like Lady Sally had was doubtful; sadistic punishment was an art form in which she excelled. Nevertheless, the results were evident in the glowing, red backside of the judge. 

Lady Sally was in a dilemma. She wanted to put Borghild to full use, and that meant bringing her rubber lips and vagina into play. This meant the automaton had to learn the right behaviour... from herself. It was an extraordinarily lucky slave who got to have sexual contact with her. But when the mood took her she was not averse to getting pleasure from her slaves, especially loyal and obedient ones who understood she was using them to satisfy her needs. There was nothing for it. If Lady Sally wanted Borghild to put her rubber labia into action, she needed to show her how. Luckily, she was feeling horny herself. She'd experienced a couple of stunning orgasms from masturbation already, but sometimes one just needed a cock in one's cunt. It simply could not be avoided. 

In any case, she had singled-out the duke's elegantly curved, hard cock for such attention, and there was no time like the present. She stepped across to the rack where he was strapped by wrist and ankle cuffs, deliciously helpless. 

When Lady Sally's lips touched his, he was surprised. He was able to raise his head slightly to meet her sensuous mouth. She was a woman of extreme passions, and when it took her fancy to have sexual contact with one of her submissive men, she did so without restraint. 

Captain Wyndham was an observer on the activities. He admired the flawless moulded construction and technical wizardry of the automaton, but this latest development had an unsettling effect on him. Of course, he was acquainted with Lady Sally's nature by now and was not shocked by anything she said, or did, anymore. But the captain always considered her relationship with her slaves to be one purely of domination. To see her kissing one of them, and with passion and pleasure, aroused strange feelings. He could not help it, but he was jealous. How he would like to be the recipient of such a kiss. This unsettling feeling was about to get worse. 

Having broken away from the kiss, Lady Sally ran the rubber gloves along the duke's body until they came to nestle his balls. This attention was unexpected though very welcome. She wrapped her fist around his cock, which sprang to a taut erection the moment Lady Sally's lips had touched his. Lady Sally liked to handle a nice cock, and the duke possessed a most pleasing one. When erect it had a nice curve to it, and it was smooth and firm. She pulled at it making him gasp with pleasure. 

The automaton monitored Lady Sally's actions closely, her eyes whirring and clicking as she studied what the mistress was doing. 

Still gripping the base of his cock in her gloved hand, Lady Sally leant over him, and placed her lips over the tip of his aroused member, much to his astonishment. 

"Oh, mistress," he groaned. 

Although he suspected there might be a penance to pay later, the duke considered the unexpected pleasure of having Lady Sally's red lips around his cock to be well worth it. And for her part, Lady Sally enjoyed sucking a nice cock, loved wrapping her tongue around its tip and running her lips along its shaft. She felt the thing twitching in her mouth, and the paroxysms of pleasure shooting through him as he wriggled and squirmed against his restraints in erotic delight. She loved the feeling of his relief being entirely in her control. 

She took a break from sucking the cock before moving on. By now Borghild was pressing her rubber lips against the banker's, the sensation being most peculiar, and the antiseptic taste of the rubber lips as they pressed against his was decidedly strange. She was soon stroking his body, the brass hands pushing against his flabby flesh, the automaton not being able to reach the subtlety of teasing-touch Lady Sally possessed. 

The automaton mimicked her by massaging the banker's hairy sac with her brass fingers and squeezing his erect cock with an iron grip which made him squeal. When Borghild copied Lady Sally by putting her rubber lips around his cock, the mechanical jaw clicked, locking into place around his member. The grip was incredibly tight as the banker felt the rubber squeeze on his cock. It was oral sex like he'd never experienced before. The brass head bobbed up and down, pulling relentlessly at his cock. A sensation that should have been sensuous and arousing was, in reality, unpleasant. The rubber mouth worked on his cock with the single-mindedness of a machine, and without the lubricant of saliva, thus making his cock turn red raw with the squeezing and rocking motions. 

Lady Sally didn't waste any more time getting down to action. She released the buckles on the wrist cuffs to free the duke's hands, and pulled off her rubber knickers, tossing them to the floor. Victoria was there in a flash to pick up the scrunched-up ball of rubber, seemingly to tidy up, but really to sniff the aromas of her mistress's juices mixed with the rubber. 

The duke's eyes widened in expectation, as Lady Sally crouched over his face, inviting him to reach out with his tongue and lick her crack, which he did with relish. Lady Sally moaned with pleasure as her juices gushed over his mouth. She allowed him to give her oral sex for a considerable length of time, the intensity of the pleasure and need building up in her until she couldn't hold out any more. She was desperate for that cock inside her. 

She lowered herself onto him, grabbing his hands, and guiding them onto her tits where they could knead and fondle the soft flesh of her breasts enclosed tightly in the shimmering, red latex whilst she rode him. Lady Sally was close to her climax, and after grinding his groin energetically she soon reached her orgasm. 

"Yes, yes!" she panted, as the waves of her climax shuddered over her. 

She lifted herself off the duke's cock, noting with satisfaction that, although its tip glistened with pre-cum and her juices, he had not come. Yes, she appreciated a submissive who could satisfy her desires whilst restraining his own. She was impressed by the control he had shown. 

Captain Wyndham watched the spectacle with a mixture of unease and arousal. Who could not fail to be turned on by Lady Sally's abundant sexuality? And in this excited state with her dark waves of hair flailing around her as she fucked the duke, her flushed cheeks and wicked smile, she looked more exciting and alluring than ever. He could not hide the fact of the growing erection underneath his trousers, and neither did it escape Lady Sally's attention. 

Lady Sally climbed off the rack to watch as Borghild mounted the bench. Having watched his mistress's exhibition on the adjacent rack, the banker was apprehensive at how the automaton might set about reproducing it. 

First, she revealed the rubber lips of her false vagina. The folds of rubber were an excellent reproduction of the real thing. It was forced down on him with such pressure he could barely breathe. The rubber was coated with talcum powder and smelt sweet and sickly. Whilst struggling for breath, he did his best to lick Borghild's rubber cunt. 

Being fucked by the automaton was an even more disconcerting experience. The rubber cunt gripped his cock like an iron fist. It then pounded him at a relentless pace. The rubber squeezed him too hard to allow him release, yet the rapid fucking motions made him desperate for one. 

"Mistress, please, I can't take any more." 

Lady Sally was highly amused, but was just about to step over to the automaton's control panel when there was a grinding noise. Borghild's brass frame collapsed onto the banker's fat body, whilst the rubber vagina still held his erect cock in a tight grip. 

"Help. I'm stuck. I can't move. And it's still squeezing my cock." 

"Oh dear, I wonder what's happened? Well, I suppose there's the instruction manual. Does anyone know any German?" asked Lady Sally. 

The duke knew Greek because he studied classics at Brasenose College. The judge knew Latin because of his legal training. The bishop had a smattering of Hebrew. The banker knew Chinese because of the associations of his bank. Captain Wyndham had a smidgen of Swahili following his time in the Zulu Wars, whilst Lady Sally was fluent in French and Italian and knew a modicum of Russian, Arabic and Hindi. None of them knew any German. 

"Oh dear, how unfortunate. It looks as though you'll have to stay like that until we arrive in Potsdam and get help." 

The captain, whilst sharing Lady Sally's amusement at the banker's predicament, offered to intervene. 

"Madam, it looks to me as though Borghild's power source has either run down or failed. How is she powered?" 

"From what I can remember from Herr Siemen, I believe there's a combination of both clockwork mechanism and battery." 

Wyndham pointed to Borghild's backside, "Look, her arse has a key hole set in it." 

"How observant of you, captain. Victoria, go back to the crate. I recall seeing a key of some kind." 

Said key was inserted into the automaton's backside and several turns were enough to re-set the spring and coil mechanism again, release the grip of the rubber vagina, and restore enough movement to the automaton to move her. This was much to the banker's relief, as he was crushed by the weight of the brass body, and his penis was red raw from being squeezed. 

The captain suggested the battery cells needed charging too and offered to examine them. 

"I think poor Borghild has over-done it. She's done splendidly for a first outing, but I'd better give her a rest." 

The whole party looked overwhelmed by the exertions of the night, and it was late by the time they'd finally prised the automaton off the banker. Lady Sally declared it was time to retire, leaving her maid to tidy up after them. 

She turned to Captain Wyndham, "You look flustered, captain. Are you alright?" she enquired. 

Captain Wyndham shuffled uncomfortably, "Yes, I'm fine Lady Sally. I've just been admiring the technological marvel of the automaton." 

He daren't say what he was really thinking; that he was admiring the flesh and blood marvel of Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester.