 They headed back to the gigantic airship, the captain rushing ahead, his hand pressing onto his fedora hat to prevent it flying off in the breeze and his long, canvas coat flowing behind him. Lady Sally and Victoria followed, trying to keep up with his pace. These hurried escapes were getting to be a habit.

They approached the shed where the munitions were stored.

"Damn," cursed the captain. "They've put a guard on the door."

"That is not an insurmountable problem," said Lady Sally. "Leave this one to me."

She marched up to the Prussian soldier in his grey uniform with a brass blunderbuss slung around his shoulder.

"Oh, hello there," she smiled sweetly, fluttering her eyelashes at him, "I wonder if you could provide me with a little help. You see, the lace on my boot has come untied, and my corset is so tight I can't bend down to tie it up."

The soldier noted Lady Sally's cascade of black hair tumbling out of the cap, her jacket tailored smartly to follow the line of every voluptuous curve and her leather boots with silver eyelets along their front. One of the boot laces was loose.

"Of course, madam," he said, dropping the blunderbuss onto the ground, and kneeling at her feet.

For one delicious moment his face was eye-level with Lady Sally's crotch, and the crisply ironed seam of her trousers where they tucked into the boots. But the moment was fleeting

Lady Sally's knee flew straight into his balls with all force she could muster. The soldier collapsed straight onto the ground grasping his groin in agony. She swept into action, pulling a line of cord from her pocket and tying his ankles together. The captain leapt forward to take up the blunderbuss, aiming it at the unfortunate infantryman. Within seconds he was fully trussed up in rope bondage.

"We could do with a gag for him so he can't alert anyone," said the captain.

"Victoria! Take your knickers off will you."

Tied up and gagged, the soldier was dragged into the warehouse out of view.

"We'll take a crate of blunderbusses," said the captain. "There'll be one for you, Lady Sally, one for me and enough to arm most of the crew if it's needed. Besides, we can't carry any more."

The captain and Victoria grabbed a crate, etched with the company name, Krapp Munitionshersteller, dragging it out of the shed towards the mooring tower. The captain heaved it up within his muscular arms and staggered forward. They still hadn't been discovered, Archduke Hardonberg having been taken in by the ploy of the broken corset, at least for the moment.

When they got back to the airship, they dashed to the control room to make a fast getaway. Captain Wyndham fired up The Corseted Domme's engines, set the propellers whirring, and adjusted dials on Clarissa.

From the front of the gondola they had a full view back to the grounds. They watched as the whole regiment of the Prussian Army sprang into action, dashing towards the airship to reach it before it took off. They had been found out. Not only that, but a fleet of Zeppelins had already taken to the air.

One of the rigger-men came into the control room to receive instructions.

"We're setting off straight away," barked Captain Wyndham.

"But we haven't released the guy lines yet, captain."

"There's no time for that."

The captain put the airship into full throttle. The giant dirigible strained against the lines. There was a succession of pings as the wires snapped, whip lashing the ground and causing mayhem by scattering the approaching infantrymen.

The Zeppelin fleet was in pursuit.

The Corseted Domme, released from its mooring lines, span around full circle to pull away from the mooring tower. She began her ascent up through the layer of low-lying clouds into the dazzling brightness of the sky.

Lady Sally turned around to see what was happening behind them.

"They're gaining on us, captain," exclaimed Lady Sally.

But if the pilots of the smaller Prussian Zeppelins thought Lady Sally's giant airship might be slow and unwieldy, Captain Wyndham was about to prove them wrong. Despite being three times the length of the other airships The Corseted Domme's light, duralumin frame and her geodesic design meant she could exceed the speed of any airship in the sky. She had accelerated up to 80 mph and was soon touching 100 mph. The captain was going to push her to the limit.

"Oh no, we're in trouble now, madam!" exclaimed Victoria.

She had seen, far away in the distance, another fleet of six Zeppelins blocking their path, and heading towards them. They were trapped between the two fleets.

"We're going down," shouted the captain.

"Oh no! Should I warn cook? She's making trifles for dinner!" called Victoria.

"No time for that," replied Lady Sally.

Clarrisa rammed the elevator's joystick backwards. At a speed of over 100 mph, the airship tipped to an angle of 45 degrees, and shot back towards the clouds.

Lady Sally and Victoria went flying to the front of the cockpit in a tangle of arms, legs, petticoats and boobs. Lady Sally ended up with her face in the captain's crotch, whilst Victoria ended up wrapped around Clarissa's brass body.

"Really, captain, you should be more careful," Lady Sally scolded.

"Madam, I hardly think stiletto heeled boots are the best footwear for the control room."

"You don't understand captain. As a lady, one does not bother with practicalities, one should endeavour to look fabulous at all times."

The captain gave a grim laugh whilst trying to concentrate on flying the airship with Lady Sally's breasts wedged in the steering wheel.

The airship hurtled through the clouds at 120 mph.

"What's your plan captain?"

"We are travelling under cover of the cloud, madam. Then I'm going to give the Prussian airships a surprise."

"Jolly good. How exciting. Today has exceeded all expectations for my adventures."

The captain was about to embark on a hazardous manoeuvre. He had to rely on the sheer speed and bulk of The Corseted Domme to intimidate the Zeppelins, whilst praying they would be no match for the strength of her duralumin frame if there were a collision. He daren't tell Victoria what he was going to do in case she wet her knickers... but then he remembered they'd been used as a gag for the Prussian guard.

He spotted an opening. He could see the Zeppelins through a gash in the puffy cloud ahead. He was going to thrust the airship through the crack and penetrate the fleet of airships.

"Hold on tight!" he shouted.

Clarissa jammed the elevator control forward, the tip of the airship shot upwards, pushing the puffy clouds to one side. What a sight it must have looked to the Prussian airship pilots. They had seen the gigantic airship disappear only to push through the upper level of the clouds a few hundred feet in front of them. There she emerged, her huge, bulbous shape penetrating the sky.

They attempted to avert a collision, the fleet scattering before the awesome length and girth of Lady Sally's dirigible. But airships not being the most manoeuvrable of vehicles, there was one unable to spin away in time.

There was an almighty crash above them as the duralumin tip of The Corseted Domme rammed into one of the Prussian airships, piercing its sheath and penetrating into its hydrogen bag. Then there was an explosion. An enormous explosion. They watched from the relative safety of the gondola to see fireballs and the debris from a smashed Zeppelin float past through the sky.

"Jolly good show, captain," shouted Lady Sally. "That showed them!"

"Oh," groaned Victoria, "I think I'm going to throw up."