 Lady Sally was eager to give her Uncle Clitovsky a tour of The Corseted Domme, and to demonstrate her two automatons. So, after tea the group returned to the airship. 

The count was impressed The airship was magnificent, its silver coating gleaming in the sun as it lay secured to the mooring tower. It was vast, taking them twenty minutes to walk around the whole airship to admire the sleek, bullet-like shape of her fuselage. The interior was just as impressive, with its teak and brass fittings everywhere, especially Lady Sally's private quarters, which were the most sumptuous. 

Lady Sally let the captain take her uncle on a tour of the engine rooms and the internal frame of the airship He returned to the control room amazed at the gleaming duralumin structure and the massive air bags that kept the airship afloat. 

"She is incredible, dear," he remarked, once the tour had been completed. He sighed, "you see the Russian Empire does not have technology as sophisticated as yours or the Prussians. I don't know how we will fare if war should come as we have nothing to defend ourselves against these superior machines." 

He was even more amazed by the demonstration of the automaton co-pilot, Clarissa. 

Lady Sally extolled her virtues, "the skill of her brass moulding, the sophistication of her gadgetry, and the precision of her gauges are remarkable. But, she's only designed to sit here in one place and pilot. You must come and see my other automaton, Borghild, in action if you want to appreciate an automaton with full working parts." 

They returned to the dungeon playroom to see her guests stripped naked and the automaton, in her blonde wig and still dressed in gleaming red latex, stood there holding a whip. Count Clitovsky, being familiar with Lady Sally's particular predilections was not in the least phased by his niece's behaviour. 

"I've been training her. Watch this." She pointed to the banker. "Hog-tie," she commanded. 

Borghild's photo-sensitive cells had been programmed to lip-read. She had no auditory function but, as long as she was looking at Lady Sally, she could interpret any spoken instruction. 

She set to work. Her eyes clicked, whirred and swivelled around to the banker. She put the whip down and picked up a coil of rope. She began by securing his wrists, coiling several loops of the rope around them before pulling the cord through the loops and tightening them with a knot. Taking up more rope, she wrapped it around his upper arms above his elbow and across his chest before tightening with a knot. Lady Sally noted how the rope dug deep into his flesh. Pushing the banker in the back, she forced him onto his knees and left him in that position, allowing him to gaze up adoringly into her unforgiving brass features. Then she pushed him face down on the floor. She rested her ankle-boots on his back, digging their sharp heels into him. She completed the hog-tie by winding more rope around his ankles, securing it with a knot and then bending his legs back for the remaining loose rope to be tied to his wrists. 

"Her rope work is a little untidy, and does not have the elegance or symmetry of mine," commented Lady Sally, "but that will improve with time. How much she has learnt to mimic in such a short time is amazing." 

"The complexity of actions she can perform with those brass fingers is incredible," added the count. 

The banker's two bum cheeks, either side of the threads of rope tying his ankles to his wrists, were left accessible. Borghild dug her metal-tipped heels deep into the flabby flesh of his arse, making him squeak in pain. 

"This one is a squealer. I think I should put a stop to that," Lady Sally said, retrieving a ball-gag from the row of brass hooks. 

Lady Sally lifted his head, thrusting the rubber ball in his mouth before tightening the buckle behind the back of his head. She was pleased with this. The balls were made at the manufactory at the rubber plantation and shipped to Rudston Hall where her own craftsmen attached them to the leather straps to create the ball-gags. Lady Sally loved them and had several in different sizes and colours because her slaves had big mouths and often needed silencing. 

The automaton drilled her heels into the banker's arse even harder, leaving deep, red impressions in his flesh. She stood astride his bound legs, where his cock and balls had been left exposed, squashed against the floor. Borghild pushed the metal tip into his balls, digging sharply into them, pushing them against the flooring. There was a muffled gasp through the gag from the banker. She ran the heel along the shaft of his cock before pressing hard, squeezing his glans against the floor. When she lifted her foot, it was clear how throbbing and sore his penis was. 

"She's learning behaviour from me," commented Lady Sally. "You see how she torments him. She has seen me do that. Her development is such she can make choices from actions stored in her photo-sensitive eyes." 

"Quite incredible," exclaimed Count Clitovsky, fascinated by Lady Sally's demonstration. 

Borghild picked up the whip again. She slashed it against one bum check, and then against the other, and continued to do so with successive hits. The tendrils of leather slapped against the banker's backside. Her strokes still had a staccato, robotic quality about them, lacking the fluid movements of Lady Sally, but it was, nonetheless, an incredible achievement for the limbs of an automaton to achieve such flexibility. 

"Harder," said Lady Sally. The robotic head clicked and swivelled around to face her, her strangely knowing, glass eyes staring at her mistress. "Harder, Borghild." 

Sure enough, she followed Lady Sally's instruction by setting upon the banker, tied up and helpless on the floor, with stronger stokes. She raised the whip high above her head and, with one swooping movement, brought the thongs of the whip slashing against the banker's flesh. His pain was evident from his muffled squeaks and his attempts to wriggle against his restraints, though the automaton's rope bondage was far too tight to allow any freedom of movement, let alone escape 

"What a remarkable demonstration, my dear. I can see that in between your adventures you've had fun, in the indomitable manner of Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester." 

Lady Sally laughed, "Oh yes, I've definitely been having fun." 

"And you say the Prussians have this technology? It's frightening what uses it could be put to in the wrong hands." 

"Yes, indeed uncle. Herr Siemen is a great inventor but, when I collected this automaton, his manufactory was being taken over by the military. He has invented such a remarkable toy for sexual pleasure, but I fear no more automatons with Borghild's special skills will be manufactured now." 

"Yes, it's a shame when you consider what uses she could be put to. Automatons like her could be used to release us from all manner of manual tasks." 

"Oh no, uncle, I have another vision for her; that she can enhance our sexual pleasure and take it to new heights." 

Count Clitovsky shrugged, "Well yes, I know that is your particular interest, niece." 

"You must stay and have dinner on The Corseted Domme, and then we can make plans for tomorrow." 

"I was thinking of a bear hunt in the forest." 

"Oo! I should love that. I've never been on a bear hunt."