 The next morning Lady Sally lay slumped in an armchair in her Chinese, silk dressing gown embroidered with dragons, somewhat worse for wear. Her uncle's vodka had left her with a throbbing head, yet her maid insisted on clumping around in a huff. She couldn't imagine why. 

"Did we really blow up the monument?" 

"You certainly did," confirmed Victoria in a tone of reproof. 

Lady Sally smiled as her memory of the event returned through the vodka induced haze. 

"Well, Victoria, there's no point one being a Mistress of the Air if one cannot have adventures, and besides, it was a daring escapade and a magnificent explosion... one of my finest, I think." 

"Yes, madam, of course, madam," replied her maid, not terribly convincingly. 

"And where are our anarchist comrades now?" 

"The captain dropped them in a village in the forests where their comrades are living in a commune. If you recall, you invited them to join the airship's party, but they said you were far too dangerous for them... and they are anarchists, madam." 

"I don't know what they're fussing over. It was just a little explosion... and nobody got hurt." 

As if her maid's grumblings weren't enough whilst in this fragile state, Lady Sally now had cook on the warpath. 

"Milady, I can't put up with this no more." 

"What, the explosions?" 

"No milady. Your explosions is your business. I mean the food going missing. The kitchens, that's my business." 

"Can't this wait cook. As you can see I'm not at my best this morning." 

"Not when cold chicken legs goes missing, milady... and currant scones... and bottles of ale. I tell you there's a thief on board. Now, I don't want to cast no aspersions, milady, but there's some strange characters on this airship." 

"'T was ever thus, cook, as you well know. But why would anyone want to steal food? Everybody's fed perfectly adequately, even if my gentlemen are made to eat off the floor as humiliation, they're hardly left to starve." 

"I'm just saying what I've seen, milady. I know where every ounce of sugar is in that kitchen, and I knows when things go missing." 

"Well, just keep an eye on the situation cook, maybe one of the rigger-men wanted a snack in the middle of the night. Now, to more pressing matters, do you have a good remedy for a hangover?" 

"Ah, so now you needs mi advice." 

"Yes cook, but I'd rather not have it served with recriminations." 

"You needs raw eggs... raw eggs and Worcester sauce, that'll do the trick. I'll get you some." 

Cook stormed off triumphantly. 

Lady Sally was restless. She fancied some amusement but with the minimum input from herself. She could set the automation sex doll off and see what havoc she could cause, but there was another option... one of her dastardly devices. 

She summoned up the effort to put her make up on and get dressed. She put on one of her many corsets, this particular one with scarlet panels and black ribbons, over a black silk blouse, and matching-coloured skirt. She enlisted Victoria's help in lacing up the corset to cheer her up. Lady Sally knew her maid too well, knew she loved to handle her wardrobe and help her get dressed. There was many a time Lady Sally had caught her maid trying on her undergarments, for which she had to be reprimanded. Helping her get dressed might take Victoria out of her reproachful frame of mind following the business with the anarchists. 

Just getting out of her dressing gown and putting something sexy and empowering on improved her mood. 

She got Victoria to retrieve the device she wanted to test and summon her slaves to the playroom. She intended to activate Borghild to demonstrate the art of sensual tease for her as the device she was about to use required the availability of four hard cocks. 

She had her four submissive gentlemen lined against the wood-panelled wall, deciding not to put them into bondage on this occasion. They were issued with the instruction they were to stand with their hands behind their backs, and the stricture that they were not permitted an erection. She saw the effort of will this took for them. Dressed relatively demurely as she was (at least for her) the curves of her breasts were visible under the silk blouse, along with a peek of hard nipples pressing against the sleek material. 

She marched back and forth before them with, a leather whip in her hand, so they could admire the curve of her shapely backside in the tight skirt, as she inspected them. Borghild followed behind her with her goose-step mechanical march. 

"Hmm, let me see how long you can withstand my ministrations without getting an erection." 

She ran the thongs of the whip teasingly along the duke's chest, across his abdomen, over his balls and, finally, along the length of his cock, teasing him into arousal with the soft leather thongs. His breath deepened and the muscles around his neck tightened as he tried to resist both the touch of the leather tendrils on his penis, and the anticipation of what might follow. 

"Hmm, very good. I'm glad to see you can exercise some control." 

She went along the line, repeating the same teasing acts on the other gentlemen. They all, with different quirks and mannerisms, tried to resist the tantalisingly teasing strokes of the leather whip. Their cocks twitched with arousal, but they were able to control themselves. Lady Sally needed to use other means to break them. 

She went back along the line to face the duke. She fixed her blue eyes on his. Her cleavage, with the distinct phoenix tattoo on one of her breasts, swelled in front of him. Whilst still fixing his gaze, her hand strayed to his cock and balls. She brushed her fingernails across the tip of his cock, and he expelled a gasp. Nobody could resist Lady Sally's touch when she was minded to induce a hard-on. The red painted nail ran along his shaft, and at once the flaccid flesh responded, throbbing as it was with need and desire. She wrapped her fist around it and squeezed. She felt the object hardening within her fingers. When she released it, the cock sprang up, it's shaft now hard with blue veins standing out. 

"You have such a pleasing cock, duke. It's just such a shame you cannot exercise adequate control over it." 

"I'm sorry, mistress," he mumbled. 

The automaton mimicked Lady Sally's actions, running her smooth, brassy finger along his cock. Borghild's touch was cold and firm. She closed her brass fist around the duke's member. The gears whirred, and the fingers tightened... and tightened, around it. 

Meanwhile, Lady Sally moved along the line, replicating the same acts, and exactly the same sensitivity of touch with each of her slaves, so she could set a fair test for each of them. 

Borghild's fist was closing tighter and tighter around the duke's cock, its glans squeezing out from her brass fingers. 

"Ouch. Mistress, the automaton won't let go," called the duke to attract Lady Sally's attention. 

She was focused on arousing the cock of the bishop who was proving the most resistant to her attention. Besides, she considered it would serve the duke right for succumbing to his carnal needs so quickly, to have the automaton squeeze the lust out of him. 

She teased and stroked the bishop's pencil-thin penis with the tips of her fingers, allowing the painted nails to drag along his flesh until he too had surrendered to Lady Sally, his hard cock sticking out. 

She turned back along the line to admire the tension of the automaton's gears and springs as the brass fingers squeezed ever tighter around the duke's cock. His face was red with the effort of controlling the pain. Lady Sally felt he'd suffered enough and, besides, she did not want him to lose his erection; it was necessary for the next phase of her torment. 

She looked Borghild in the eyes, and said firmly, "Release." 

On her command, the automaton's fingers uncurled, pulling away from the duke's raw, pulsating, but still hard, cock. 

"Ah, I see that none of you can resist your mistress's touch." 

"No mistress," they muttered. 

"Now for another test." 

Victoria brought forward the next of Lady Sally's devices... an electrically powered masturbating machine. 

The instrument in question looked like a rubber octopus. It consisted of a control panel fashioned in brass with a gauge and lever with several notches. Attached to it was a set of four rubber tubes, with an open-ended rubber sheath at the end of each tube. 

Lady Sally pulled the rubber sheaths over the four erect cocks on display in front of her. They did not fit tightly as there was a sealed air pocket around them. The four men looked worried, recalling how the last of Lady Sally's devices caused an explosion; the bishop in particular, still having the scars caused by the red-hot shards of copper. 

"Don't worry, I promise this machine won't explode," assured Lady Sally, though none of them seemed especially convinced. 

"Let me explain how it works. The rubber tubes are filled with aether, which transmits electro-magnetic waves. When I move the lever forward, the electro waves pulse through the tube into the sheaths, causing the rubber to pulsate and ripple. No doubt you can imagine the erotic effects that might have on your cocks. Here, let me show you." 

Lady Sally flicked the lever up one notch, the needle on the dial flickered up. The machine emitted a low buzzing noise. It was possible to see the current travel along the tube as it caused the rubber to expand and contract. As the device warmed up, the pulses came through at a regular pace. 

The effect within the sheaths was remarkable. The sensation was like an invisible hand running up and down the shafts of their cocks. At the lower power range of the device, the feeling was, initially, one of considerable pleasure though counter to this was a sensation of being milked without being allowed an emission. 

Lady Sally was highly amused, "At this level, I can keep you in a state of suspended animation, making your cocks throb with need, whilst ensuring they stay unfulfilled. On the other hand, when you increase the current," Lady Sally flipped the lever up two notches, "it works as a masturbating machine, and will bring you to an inevitable climax. Of course, I can alternate levels of current and keep you on the edge of release before reducing it." 

The demonstration had the desired effect as the pulse of the rippling sheath increased and the electro-magnetic current pulled the rubber back and forth at speed. 

There was a collective sound of gasps, groans and moans as the device did its work until the current subsided again. 

"What happens at top speed, mistress, if I may be so bold as to ask," enquired the judge. 

"It's the first time I've used the device, so this is an experiment. I've had it specially designed, and the ingenuity of it is that the four sheaths will throb at precisely the same rhythm. So, I propose a little competition. Whoever comes last is the victor, and whoever comes first is the loser." 

Lady Sally stretched and yawned, "Of course the wonder of the device is that I can sit here and admire its effects. I can even have a cup of tea. Victoria, go and fetch me a cuppa, I'm gagging for one." 

Her maid set off to fetch the tea. Lady Sally kept the device thrumming on the second notch. The exertions of the previous day, not to mention the vodka, were taking effect again. She yawned. Her eyes were heavy. In seconds she was sound asleep. 

Meanwhile, Victoria got delayed in the kitchens. She got caught by cook and felt compelled to act as a sounding board for her complaints about stolen food. She then went via the control room to take a cup of tea for the captain, only to have to listen to his praise for the amazing Lady Sally, and how much fun her rip-roaring adventures were. Victoria agreed with much of what the captain said, but merely had reservations about the explosions... the lightning... and the electrocutions. 

When she returned to the playroom with a silver tray, a lovely pot of Darjeeling and a plate of fancies, he spotted Lady Sally fast asleep on her throne. The four men were dancing in paroxysms of equal measures of stimulation and frustration. The dastardly device had throbbed on for the last half an hour with the effect of driving the men to distraction bordering on madness. 

Victoria gave Lady Sally a gentle nudge, "Your tea is here, madam." 

Her eyes flickered open. She was confronted with the sight of the men, rubber tubes attached to their cocks, twisting and twitching as the device held them on the brink of climax. 

"How amusing," she laughed. "See how effective the toy is. A couple of minutes and they're reduced to dancing puppets." 

"Actually, it's been half an hour, madam. You fell asleep." 

"Half an hour. Why that's appalling, Victoria. Why did it take so long to get my tea?" 

She turned the lever on the control back to its first notch whilst she took tea, which gave the men a modicum of relief. It was only a temporary respite as, after tea, she decided to explore the higher currents of the device. 

She pushed the brass lever straight up to its third notch, making the needle on the pressure gauge swing wildly. Once the electro-magnetic waves had pulsed into the tubes, it made the men jump with surprise. Lady Sally was now exploring the full masturbatory potential of the device. She saw the rubber ripple at greater speed as it pulled against the flesh of the four hard cocks. 

"Do you fancy a wager, maid? Which one will come first?" 

"I reckon the banker, madam" said Victoria, noting how his ruddy, rounded face look set to burst. 

"Hmm. Yet he has the fattest cock, which might afford him greater protection from the device. I think I will go for the judge. Do you think any of them will survive the fifth level?" said Lady Sally as she slid the lever forward to the fourth notch. 

"No, madam, I wouldn't give odds on that." 

The rubber pulsed faster and faster. The sensation was strange, wholly different from being masturbated by hand as there was no hardness of grip, only a pulsating throb which bounced along the shafts of their cocks at enormous speed. The four men were groaning, clearly approaching the point of no return. 

Lady Sally might have watched as they reached there, now inevitable, climaxes, but she could not resist trying out the highest level. It was all part of experimenting with the devices to use them to their fullest extent. 

As the pulses raced through the tubes, the effect as soon as they reached the open-ended rubber sheaths was instantaneous. They screamed at the shock and intensity of the waves throbbing along their shafts. They lasted seconds and soon shot their loads over the floor; the judge first, much to Lady Sally's satisfaction, then the banker, then the duke, and finally, the bishop. Dribbles of cum trailed from the four cocks, and there were blobs of sticky, white spunk splattered on the ground, the machine having projected it a long way. Lady Sally turned the device down to one as they collapsed to the floor in exhausted pleasure at having been allowed release. 

"I think I should make them lick their disgusting messes from the floor," commented Lady Sally looking at the globs of spunk. Well that was an excellent experiment. What a splendid device. My humour is much improved now."