 The Corseted Domme was suspended over the wheat fields. The rigger-men tied more guy lines to secure her into position. By the time they'd finished the task it was turning dark and, given the airship was perfectly safe, the captain left investigation of the causes of the engines cutting out until the next morning. 

They had landed on a huge estate in the Russian Steppes, pretty much in the middle of nowhere. There was no house or village in sight, just miles and miles of wheat, though it was hard to imagine nobody had noticed the plight of the giant airship as it made its enforced descent and landing. 

In the morning, Captain Wyndham went to the engine room to discover the fault and what work might be needed, if indeed it was going to be possible to repair The Corseted Domme in situ. They were supplied with tools and spare parts, but there was a limit depending on the extent of the damage he found. 

Meanwhile, Lady Sally was left with a leisurely playtime with her slaves whilst the airship was safely moored by the anchors and wires. 

The engine room was eerily silent. Normally, this was the hub that drove the airship, powered the huge propeller blades, distributed the gas around the air bags and circulated the dimethyl aether that propelled the engine. It was a labyrinth of shiny copper pipes, pressure gauges and steam engines. It was usually a throbbing, steaming mass of activity, full of deafening noise: the hissing of steam, a constant thud of pistons, and the whirring of propeller blades. Captain Wyndham stood amidst this complex maze of pipes and machinery. 

At the heart of the engine room were two giant cylindrical boilers. These were huge orbs of shining brass with gaskets at the top and two outlet valves at the front. Captain Wyndham ran his hand along the smooth, beautifully rounded surface of the brass. They were magnificent, two wonderfully rounded objects without a single blemish. He caressed the shiny brass. He gripped one of the valves between his fingers and tweaked it to see if it expressed any residue of steam or water. 

He was trained and knew enough about the design of the engine to investigate the cause of the crash. His eyes were drawn to a pipe hanging loosely from one of the engines with drips of oil falling from it. He went over to take a closer look. He knelt down and dipped his finger into the pool of thick, slimy engine-oil which had accumulated on the floor. 

He examined the pipe carrying the oil more closely. It powered the flow of aether to the engines and to cut off this supply would cause the airship to lose altitude dramatically. It was strange. He might have expected a split like this to occur at a joint where the metal had been welded or where there was a point of stress, but what he saw was a clean break. This was unusual, after all The Corseted Domme was a brand-new airship, and he had supervised the fitting of the engine room himself. In fact, the break was suspiciously clean. 

When he investigated further, he found that the pipes servicing each of the airship's four engines were split in the same manner. 

Captain Wyndham could reach only one inescapable conclusion. The fractures couldn't have been caused by wear or stress; they must have been made deliberately. He examined them carefully, noting the edges of the pipes had serrated marks where they had split as if they had been sawn through. This only confirmed Wyndham's suspicions and left him in no doubt somebody had deliberately tried to sabotage the airship. He was shocked-who would want to do that? Having discovered the cause, it was an easy job to weld the pipes and fix them. That was surely the least of his problems. The crucial question was who had perpetrated this dangerous act of sabotage. 

He had to find the mistress and tell her at once. 

Lady Sally was in her playroom punishing her submissive gentlemen, and there were various activities taking place. She had produced another one of her dastardly devices, this one a steam-powered spanking machine. She was aware her previous experiment with a steam-powered device had ended in disaster and explosion. This time she resolved to keep a closer eye on the boiler and not to get distracted by her own enjoyment. 

The implement consisted of a wooden base which the protagonist bent over and a hand rail to which his wrists were secured by cuffs. The active part of the device was at the other end of the base where there was a brass rod to which various attachments could be fixed. The rod was powered by a boiler and steam engine, which powered a piston which in turn caused the rod to swing to and fro. 

The lucky, or was it unfortunate, person attached to this device was the judge. The attachment at the end of the rod consisted of a leather hand. The device allowed Lady Sally to deliver an entirely hands free spanking whilst she could direct her attention elsewhere. Naturally, the machine could be adjusted to allow more steam to the piston and give both harder and faster whacks. 

Lady Sally was satisfied with the performance of this device as it delivered consistent hard slaps against the gentleman's backside. 

Elsewhere, Borghild had been let loose on the duke and the banker. She had been given free-reign to put into practise everything her photo-memory cells had learnt over the travels. But Lady Sally was somewhat concerned the automaton appeared to have developed her own libido. The activity she appeared to select was to lay on the rack, her feet supported by the wooden bar at its end, whilst she allowed the two men to penetrate her rubber vagina. The duke was at this very moment giving her a good fucking, whilst she gave oral sex to the banker with her rubber lips. From the expression in her glass eyes she appeared to be enjoying the experience. 

Watching her automaton get screwed made Lady Sally horny. Indeed, she had not had an orgasm for a while which was not good enough. Confronted with the bishop, she felt compelled to force him to overcome his objections to penetrative sex in order to satisfy her. 

To that end she followed her automaton's example and had laid herself on the whipping bench, her ankles lifted up, and resting on a wooden bar. In this position her cunt was at just the right height to be penetrated. 

The bishop offered his protestations, "But, mistress, sex is a sin, and against my vows of chastity." 

"Then you will have to choose between your God and your mistress, because I need to be fucked, now!" 

It was in this state the captain found Lady Sally when he burst in excitedly. 

"Really, captain, this is most inconvenient. You know I don't want to be interrupted when I'm having fun." 

Realising Lady Sally's state of undress, and seeing the bishop's cock ready to enter her, he was embarrassed. 

"I'm sorry, Lady Sally, but I wouldn't do so unless it was important. I think I've found the cause of the airship crash. It's imperative I speak to you in private." 

Lady Sally picked up on the tone of urgency in Captain Wyndham's voice. She brought her fearsome temper under control, acknowledging he wouldn't have interrupted her unless it was something important. She climbed off the bench and put her knickers back on. 

"Very well, captain, these slaves will be quite happy for a while. I'm sure Borghild can look after them." 

Lady Sally and her maid followed Captain Wyndham out of the dungeon. 

"So, what is it you've discovered?" she asked. 

"Madam, I believe The Corseted Domme has been sabotaged!"