 "Hurrah. Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester makes another dashing escape. We're getting good at this, aren't we, captain?" Lady Sally called, jumping in the air excitedly. 

"We certainly are, madam. Though I expect your maid will be traumatised." 

"She'll get over it. Besides, she's been my maid for years, she knows what to expect. I think she feigns her alarms most of the time, you know. Full-speed ahead, captain." 

"I'll have to take her up to top speed to get out of Russian Empire's air space, but we've still a long way to go. Are we still headed for Istanbul?" 

"Yes, my next destination is the Ottoman Empire. But don't panic, captain, I've no intention of getting into more trouble. I want to go shopping in the bazaars. I've arranged to meet Mustafa Shagazade, my agent there, a merchant who purchases supplies for me from the silk route traders. After all, one can't possibly go travelling without a shopping trip somewhere, can one?" 

"Indeed not, madam." 

"God, this excitement has made me horny again. As you saw, I'd just persuaded the bishop to overcome his theological objections and give me a good fucking. It's so frustrating, I simply must have another orgasm. But I'm not going to fuss around waiting for my slaves to get an erection, I know exactly how I'm going to get my pleasure. You must come and join the fun later captain when you can leave the controls. And then you must join us for dinner to celebrate another intrepid escape." 

The captain daren't hazard how Lady Sally intended to pleasure herself, and wasn't going to enquire, "Maybe I will later." 

"Jolly good," said Lady Sally before returning to her playroom to see how Victoria and her guests had coped. 

When she returned, the steam-powered spanking machine was still whacking the judge's backside with its leather hand. In the excitement, she had completely forgotten about it. Luckily, it wasn't turned up high enough for the boiler to explode, and its whacks, although delivered at a steady pace, were not overly hard. The judge's arse was throbbing red though, but it was nothing he couldn't take. The automaton, left to her own devices, delivered all manner of sexual pleasures to the other three men. In fact, they were forced into fucking her so many times they looked totally exhausted, Borghild's needs being pretty much incapable of being satisfied. 

Lady Sally's crotch was sopping, and her need desperate. Her intention was to put the automaton to work on her pleasure. Grabbing the strap-on belt from one of the hooks on the wall, she set about strapping it around Borghild's waist. As Lady Sally ran her hands over the automaton's brass hips expecting to appreciate her smooth, shiny finish, she felt a completely different sensation. 

"Ugh, that's disgusting." 

The automation was wet and sticky, being covered in the sweat of the three men who had been lying on top of her thrusting their cocks into her rubber vagina. Although she was desperate, she couldn't possibly have the automaton pleasure her in that state, and have her flawless, white skin sullied by their smelly sweat. 

"Victoria, get the brass cleaner and rags and clean these bodily fluids off Borghild. And give her a good polish while you're at it." 

"Yes, madam," her maid sighed, but with the hint of a twinkle in her eye, polishing the automaton being one of her favourite tasks. 

She stripped Borghild of her latex outfit until she stood there in her brassy nakedness. She dipped a rag in a tub of Brasso, a relatively new cleaning product, in which Lady Sally had bought shares. She started with the automaton's brass breasts, spreading the oily substance across them with the rag, and then rubbing thoroughly. There was a pungent, metallic smell, which, though initially overpowering, after a short while became intoxicating. The smell combined with the brisk rubbing movements against the smooth brass tits were giving her a hard-on. 

"Victoria, I can see what's happening, there's a bulge in your apron. Get on with the job, I haven't got all day!" 

Following the reprimand, the maid got on with the task at hand without compromising the thoroughness of her cleaning. By the end the automaton was gleaming. 

"Yes, that's not bad Victoria. But I think you ought to clean out the rubber vagina too." 

"The rubber vagina, madam, but..." 

Her mistress gave her a hard stare. 

"Yes of course, madam, but I'll put rubber gloves on for this job." 

Victoria fetched hot soapy water. Of course, when she inserted her hand through the rubber gash, there was a large, sticky pool of cum accumulated inside it. She had done numerous foul tasks in service to mistress over the years but this one had to be the most disgusting. 

"She's finished, madam," said Victoria, tossing the spunk soaked cloth into the bowl. 

"Oo, she looks new and sparkly now," said Lady Sally as she ran her hands admiringly across the automaton's firm, brass breasts. "I've got warm myself up again now but I couldn't have put up with that sticky sweat against my skin." 

Lady Sally stretched the leather belt around the shimmering, yellow waist, pulled the strap and tightened the buckle so the strap-on was secured fast. The black, rubber phallus stood out proud. She wanted that thing inside her. She ran her fingers along its ribbed hardness. Handling the object and feeling it's unyielding stiffness was enough to get her juices flowing again. 

She fixed Borghild in the eye and ordered, "Pleasure me!" 

Was she imagining it or was there a little light in the automaton's eyes, and a barely discernible twitch in her rubber lips expressing excitement. 

Lady Sally stripped off and got onto the rack, lifting her legs up in the air and resting her ankles on the wooden frame. She felt her sex oozing with juice. The automaton's gears clicked into action. 

Borghild had been trained in the art of sensuous domination by her mistress well. She had learnt how to tease, she had been shown how to bring her human controllers to a point of sexual arousal and hold them there before tipping them over the edge. She exercised these newly honed skills on Lady Sally. After all, the instruction had been to pleasure her. 

Consequently, the automaton did not immediately climb on the rack and thrust the strap-on inside her. The tiny springs and cogs in her mechanical hand clicked and whirred. She reached out to run her smooth brass fingers, still cool from the Brasso cleaner, along her torso. Lady Sally arched her body in surprise and pleasure as the hands stroked her large breasts, circling them around her dark areola before clasping a nipple between two brass fingers and squeezing hard. 

Lady Sally was perfectly aware of the delicious combination of pain and pleasure such an action aroused, having observed it in many slaves, Though she rarely allowed a slave to touch her tits, and none dare take the liberty of squeezing her nipple. Borghild had no such reservations, and the effect was both surprising and pleasant. She felt her crotch get moist with every squeeze and rub of her sore nipple. 

The automaton turned her attentions to her mistress's crotch. Her hand unrolled and her fingers clicked straight as she inserted a digit up her cunt. Lady Sally gasped as the brass object circled inside her. A second finger found her clit in the folds of flesh around her cunt and began to rub. The sensations from the rubbing and twisting were exquisite, and Lady Sally was rapidly approaching her climax, though she still wanted the rubber cock insider her. 

"Inside me. Fuck me!" she screamed. 

Borghild's head twisted around, the hair of the blonde wig flying through the air as she recorded her mistress's wishes. The limbs clicked into action as she climbed up onto the rack where she knelt, positioning herself between Lady Sally's upraised legs, the rubber phallus poised to enter her. 

When penetration came, it was sudden. The automaton's hips clicked and, with a piston-like action, drove straight into her cunt. There was no holding back, this was a full-on fuck. Lady Sally reached her arms out to grip the wooden frame of the rack and arched her back to take the rubber deeper inside her. Borghild lowered her metal frame over Lady Sally so the weight of her brass body pressed on Lady Sally's breasts, making her gasp and pant even harder. 

The automaton was relentless, pushing the hard rubber phallus inside her with forceful strokes. The sensation of being fucked by the automaton was strange, somewhat akin to being on a bizarre fairground ride. Lady Sally couldn't argue with the results though as she was rapidly brought to the brink of climax. With only a bit more pounding from the pistons in the automaton's mechanical hips she was brought to the point of ecstasy, bucking and twisting against the heavy brass pressing on her body as she screamed out in pleasure. 

It was at this point Captain Wyndham entered the playroom to see Lady Sally in mid-orgasm and the automaton still pushing the black, rubber cock into her. Her submissive gentlemen and Victoria were gathered around the rack, watching as their mistress got a good fucking from the automaton. 

He had experienced too much of Lady Sally's lifestyle to be shocked by the vision, though he couldn't deny it was erotic seeing her naked body squeezed between the wooden rack and the brass automaton. It wasn't jealousy, after all, it was hard to be envious of a machine, yet he fought to suppress the feeling that he would love to be in the position of the automaton. 

"Stop! Stop!" gasped Lady Sally, knowing that, without her command, Borghild would continue until her batteries went flat. 

"Phew, that was something else. What a marvellous little sex-toy you've proved to be."