 Leonore kindly declined being shown the guest room by the new waitress of the Bannered Mare. She has been here many times before and has seen quite a few faces come and go. A new waitress is nothing noteworthy, she was one herself years ago, however this one seemed odd to her. Her skin was dark as coal and in the right light her eyes seemed to almost glow with a red tint. She couldn't put a finger on where she was from but decided to talk to the young waitress in the morning to find out more about her. For now all Leonore had in mind was sleeping off this awful headache she got from drinking too much mead with some of the local patrons, one of which was a member of the companions. Nobody in Tamriel drinks like them, she thought. Not even her.

"Thank you, dear. I know my way around this place." Leonore said while beginning to walk up the stairs to her room.

"Oh and tell Hulda I'm in town if you see her. Make sure to remind her of the debt. She'll know what I mean." she added with a grin.

The young waitress nodded without saying a word and returned to serving mead. She was young, Leonore thought. Too young to be serving mead at a place like this. Maybe she should talk with Hulda about that.

After closing the doors behind her, Leonore took a deep breath. It was good to be back in Whiterun, one of her favourite places in all of the north. She spent many years here when she was younger, before turning to a life of adventure as a mercenary. Nowadays she hardly has the chance to visit and hasn't done so in years. Life was different back then.

Leonore listened to the tune of the bard downstairs as she drunkenly began to undress herself. Her light leather armor was a tight fit thanks to wearing it almost everyday for many years and often going days without taking it off. It almost felt like a part of her, a second skin, and despite its condition she never even thought about upgrading her gear. They shared memories after all. 

She layed the different layers of leather over a chair and looked at the damage caused by swords, arrows and magic while taking off her undergarnment. She remembered every single hit, cut and burn on it and was glad her own body was spared from them. Leonore was proud of her own body and glad her skin was still flawless. Her breasts were huge compared to other girls in Skyrim and she loved the blue veins one could make out underneath the skin. Her puffy nipples had a light pink color to them as did the lips between her legs. She fondled her exposed breasts playfully while thinking about the gifts she was given by the gods and giggled. She may not have been in Whiterun in years but she was sure the local men would remember her either way. How could anyone forget a body like this? 

After a last sip of mead Leonore went to bed thinking of her past around this place and began to fall asleep with a happy grin. She felt safe in Whiterun and like in her youth, she fell asleep almost instantly. The random color noise behind her eyelids slowly turned completely dark and she saw a red glow within that deep darkness. The glow slowly grew into a fire and within that fire she began to see red, wide-open eyes emerging from a realm beyond her understanding. They seemed to pierce her very soul. No, deeper than that. She wanted to look away, move, scream, wake up but she couldn't. Layers of her consciousness were being stripped away by these eyes, bit by bit, and she was afraid what they would find underneath. She thought of her layered leather armor she took off earlier and wished she was still wearing it. Surely it would have protected her from... this.

"IT IS YOU. FINALLY." a voice began to say, coming from everywhere around her and at the same time from nowhere at all.

Leonore wanted to respond but she was still unable to open her mouth.

"DO NOT STRUGGLE. IT WILL NOT HELP."

The fire had gone out and all that remained were the red, piercing eyes in front of her.

"I WAS SENT TO THIS REALM TO GUIDE YOU BACK TO THE LIGHT. YOU HAVE STRAYED FROM YOUR PATH. YOU ARE WITHOUT PURPOSE. NO MORE."

The eyes moved through her, leaving her in complete darkness. After a short moment her chest began to burn fiercely and she screamed. Suddenly hearing her own voice again startled her and she opened her eyes in panic. 

Leonore was back in the guest room, still lying naked on the bed. It was early in the morning, she could hear the market noise outside. Sweating and panting she sat up, hastily looking around. No glowing red eyes anywhere. Leonore noticed she was touching her chest and looked down. A red mark, resembling some kind of flower, was burned onto it. Suddenly she felt the burning pain from her dreams again and the candles in her room began to burn all on their own.

"That thing will make sure you'll stay on your path." said a girlish voice from a corner of the room. It was the dark-skinned waitress from last evening.

Leonore now realized the burning pain was no pain at all. The fire began to spread from her chest to her breasts, down her groin and into her most private parts. She moaned and couldn't believe the arousal she was experiencing. The heat was overwhelming her thoughts.

"Wh-what have you done to me?" Leonore said as she put her right hand between her legs while the other fondled her breasts. She noticed her leather armor was gone but she didn't care anymore. The young waitress laughed.

"Me? Nothing. I'm just a servant following orders." the girl said.

"And now, dear Leonore, you will follow mine."

The girl stepped further into the room and her hands went underneath her short skirt to pull something out. Leonore couldn't believe her eyes. The girl's hands were stroking a huge veiny cock, that glistened in candlelight. It was bigger than any cock she has ever seen. How could she have hidden something that big underneath an outfit like that? 

It seemed to pulsate and grow stiff in the girl's stroking hands and Leonore noticed a bit of clear liquid oozing out the uncut tip. She masturbated more furiously at the sight of this without even noticing.

"I know you don't understand what's happening but I can clearly see you like it. Now stop touching yourself." she suddenly said with a demanding voice.

The mark on her chest began to flare up and she put her hands away. 

"Don't worry, you'll enjoy this as much as I will." 

Leonore's body was shivering from arousal and her eyes were fixated on the oozing cock in front of her.

"Come here and stroke it. I'm not hard yet."

Leonore went to her knees and began to stroke the girl's huge black cock with both hands. Her hands went slowly up and down and she noticed how tiny her hands seemed in comparison. It felt a lot warmer than expected, too. The girl's cock began to grow even bigger and became as stiff as something made out of flesh could possibly be. Leonore looked up with confused eyes, still stroking with both her hands. The waitress smiled at her, obviously enjoying the control she had. Even more clear liquid oozed out of the tip and Leonore felt an overwhelming urge to taste it and yet somehow she couldn't.

"Don't worry, I'll allow you to take it in your mouth. Not everybody gets to, you know? Suck on it."

Before she even finished speaking Leonore put her lips around the tip, sucking and tasting the salty clear liquid. Never has anything tasted so good, she thought. The waitress moaned and closed her eyes in pleasure as Leonore explored the smooth tip with her tongue, savouring every taste. It hardly fit into her mouth and her jaw ached. Her head began to move back and forth a little and she tried to take it deeper into her mouth with each movement. She gagged as the cock began to push against the back of her throat.

"You like it deep, I see."

The waitress grabbed Leonore's head with both hands and pulled her away. Drool hang from between Leonore's lips and the tip.

"Hands behind your back, open your mouth and stick your tongue out. Don't move it."

Leonore did as commanded and her open mouth eagerly awaited the huge black cock in front of her face.

With a one swift movement the young girl pushed her cock into Leonore's mouth and forced it down her throat. She pushed harder and harder until she got deep enough for Leonore to lick her balls. She was clearly struggling, her eyes were watery and she coughed a little, sending spit and mucus against her balls and legs. An eternity seemed to pass.

Leonore almost blacked out before the girl took her cock out again to let her catch her breath. Her tongue was still sticking out and she drooled all over the floor while taking deep breaths.

"Enough warming up."

The young waitress grabbed her head again and began shoving her cock down Leonore's throat. She fucked her face with as much force as her young body could muster and moaned in pleasure. Gagging sounds filled the room and throat mucus dropped all over the floor. Her cock thrusted in and out without mercy, going all the way in and almost all the way out each time. Leonore noticed she actually enjoyed being abused like this and her mind went crazy thinking about tasting cum from this thing pumping in and out of her throat. 

"I-I'm close." the waitress moaned after minutes of pounding Leonore's face. Her hips began to move faster and Leonore was close to blacking out again. Her neck bulged with each thrust. After a short while of rough pounding the young girl pulled out her cock, stroked it hard with her right hand and pulled Leonore's head closer with the other. Leonore looked up with big eyes, her tongue still sticking out. Finally she would taste cum from this monstrosity, she tought. The young girl moaned and stopped stroking.

The first few ropes of cum covered her face and even that amount was insane, Leonore thought. The last dozen ropes shot straight into her open mouth and onto her tongue. To her it felt like a dozen of men cumming all at once. She savoured the taste and texture and especially the amount. It was hot, thick and clumpy. The smell drove her crazy.

The young girl stroked the last few drops out of her monstrous black cock and smeared them onto Leonore's face.

"Now swallow... slowly, so I can see." she said panting.

Again Leonore did as commanded and slowly swallowed all of it. It took her two gulps to get it all down. 

"There's still quite a bit of cum on your face."

The girl grabbed her cock and wiped the cum off Leonore's face with it.

"Now clean it up."

And she did. Leonore was happy to be able to swallow even more cum. Still sucking and licking Leonore looked up to meet a devilish grin.

"You will make a fine servant."