 The mysterious stowaway was pinned into the duralumin cone at the tip of the airship, with no route for escape. 

Lady Sally stepped up. Towering over the diminutive figure, she pulled back the black hood. A cascade of auburn hair tumbled over the black duffel coat. The it was a woman... and it was a dwarf. 

"Ha! It's as I thought. Has Madam Bellowhead sent you?" 

The dwarf only shot back a hostile stare with beady eyes like black pin-pricks, refusing to answer. 

"Who is Madam Bellowhead?" asked Captain Wyndham. 

"She's head of the UK Society of Lesbian Dwarves. 

"Oh, not them again," groaned Victoria. 

"Yes. I suspected as much when the rigger-man said he'd seen a thing that looked like a creature. And only something small, such as a dwarf, could climb through the ventilation shaft." 

"But why?" asked the captain, bemused at the bizarre discovery, and Lady Sally's vitriolic response to it. 

"UKSOLD is a secret society of lesbian dwarves. My feud with them is long standing. It began when Madam Bellowhead, chairwoman of the society, had the temerity to criticise the style of my whipping when, many years ago, she invited me to one of their meetings as guest dominatrix to inflict cruel punishments. Well, I ask you! Nobody criticises Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester and gets away with it... and me a guest dominatrix too! So, I administered the severest whipping I possibly could, and she refused to pay me. Well, I wasn't having that, so I kidnapped Madam Bellowhead and two of her colleagues, had them brought to Rudston Hall to put them in bondage and punish them. Then they tried to impugn my reputation by making complaints about me in The London Gazette. Well, I couldn't have that. So, I got the lawyer to sue them for libel. Naturally, I won the case, because I was able to prove in court how severe my whippings were... believe me, the judge will never forget that case! And then..." 

"... It's ok. I think I get the idea. How long has this feud been going on?" 

"... Well, around ten years now." 

"Ten years! But even so, trying to blow you up and electrocute you? Isn't that extreme to settle a dispute over how severely you whip?" 

"Certainly not!" exclaimed Lady Sally, indignantly. "Besides, they are a miserable, joyless, vindictive bunch, especially that Madam Bellowhead. Now, I don't hold grudges, but if someone dares criticise me, then I will defend myself, it's a matter of honour... especially for a severe, lady dominatrix. I'm afraid you just don't understand the seriousness of the matter, captain." 

The lesbian dwarf listened to the exchange, thoroughly bemused, as if she knew nothing of the history of these altercations. 

"Ok, but what are you going to do with her now you've captured her?" 

"Torture and torment her until she confesses." 

Lady Sally retrieved coils of cord from her hunting jacket and tied the young woman's wrists together. The midget looked on, stubbornly determined but, having been caught, doing nothing to resist being restrained. Lady Sally pulled her through the maze of gangways and stairways out of the fuselage where she could deal with her. 

They emerged into the dungeon playroom. Lady Sally's submissive gentlemen clustered around her, both surprised at, and curious about, the nature of the culprit who had attempted to sabotage the airship and electrocute their mistress. 

Eventually, the dwarf spoke up, in a pronounced German accent, "You are Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester?" 

"Yes, of course." 

"Ze famous British spy-mistress?" 

"Spying, no. The famous English, lady dominatrix, yes!" exclaimed Lady Sally. "Now, who are you? Have you been sent by Madam Bellowhead? And why are you trying to sabotage my airship?" 

The dwarf was defiant, "I vill say nothing. I am under strict orders to keep silence. You can torture me all that you like. I vill tell you nothing. I have been trained to resist pain." 

Lady Sally smiled, a wide, disconcerting smile. Her wicked imagination clicked into gear. 

"Ah, trained to resist pain, are you? But are you trained to resist pleasure? Strip her boys," she ordered. 

The gentlemen set about the task with relish. The black duffel coat was dragged off her back, jumper pulled over her head, trousers brought down, and knickers and bra ripped off. Her clothes were thrown onto the floor. The dwarf did not protest or resist, maintaining the stoic acceptance of her capture. Once stripped of the grubby clothes she had worn to crawl through the ventilation shaft, her appearance was surprisingly attractive. She was young, with a pretty face, alert grey eyes and striking auburn hair, though her build was obviously squat and stubby. 

Lady Sally soon had her on the rack, wrists secured, legs raised, and ankles tied to a harness, making her orifices accessible. Meanwhile, Victoria had gathered an array of her steam-powered and electric sex-toys. 

Lady Sally squeezed the midget's nipples to make them hard, which barely registered a flicker of discomfort in her, before attaching the vibrating clamps onto the pert nubs of flesh. She took up the box with the electro-massager and fitted it with the brass bullet attachment. She inserted a finger in the dwarf's arsehole, massaging until it could accommodate a second, then third, digit. The dwarf didn't flinch or moan, responding only with deeper breaths as Lady Sally worked her fingers up her back-passage. Satisfied her arse was stretched enough for the challenge of the brass bullet, Lady Sally eased it inside her. The dwarf was so controlled there was hardly any reaction even though the object was inserted deep inside her. 

Lady Sally turned the dials and sent the electric current pulsing through the wires. The toys purred with a gentle buzz. She checked the oscillating needles. They were vibrating at a sensuous throb which was precisely the pace Lady Sally wanted for this particular exercise. 

"Hand the men the ostrich-feathers, Victoria." 

"Ostrich-feathers, madam?" queried the maid. 

Even the girl looked surprised. She was steeling herself to be whipped, tortured, subject to all manner of corporal punishment, or worse... but ostrich-feathers? 

"Why yes, don't concern yourself, Victoria. She will talk after I've finished with her." 

The duke, lawyer, banker and bishop gathered around the rack, holding an ostrich feather, each dyed a different colour. 

Lady Sally cranked the wheel to increase the tension of the ropes tying her onto the rack. It pleased her to see the dwarf's stunted frame stretched to its limit. But it wasn't her intention to use the rack as a device of torture, to stretch and pull limbs, only to tighten the flesh, thus enhancing its sensitivity. 

"Well, I'm ready. It's quite simple. I want to know who you are working for, and why you've tried to sabotage my airship?" 

The dwarf snarled, "I've told you, I'm trained to withstand torture... and you think you can get me to talk with ostrich-feathers?" 

"Ostrich-feathers are merely a start. Besides, these are plucked from the most magnificent examples of the species from my own ostrich farm on the savannahs of Tanganyika. They're the very finest, used for feather boas in burlesque clubs around the world. You say you are trained to resist pain, but can you resist pleasure, I wonder... a surfeit of pleasure." 

The four men ran the soft feathers over her taut skin: along her arms, over her shoulders, across her breasts, down her abdomen, up her thighs and, most deliciously of all, over her pubes. The touch of the feathers was exquisitely soft, the merest brush causing goose-pimples to form on her skin. The feather was so sensuous it triggered her juices to flow. For the first time, there was doubt in her eyes as she wondered if Lady Sally's counter-intuitive strategy for getting her to talk might have some substance. 

Lady Sally bent over her, strands of her raven hair dangling across the midget's crotch. She sniffed. 

"When was the last time you changed your knickers? The crawling around ventilation shafts has given you a sweaty crotch. Tis no matter, it's lucky I find the musky smell of a sweaty cunt something of a turn-on," she said, burying her face into the dwarf's sex. 

Lady Sally's tongue delved deep into her hole, licked the folds of her flesh, and rolled over the hard bud of her clit. All the time, the brass bullet in her arse throbbed, and the vibrating clamps on her nipples thrummed, whilst the soft ostrich-feathers teased her flesh to distraction. Beads of sweat formed on her brow. Her breaths became deeper and heavier as the tingling pleasure spread over her. However hard she tried to restrain herself, little moans of desire and need emitted from her lips.  

Lady Sally came up for air. 

"Come, what association do you have with UKSOLD? I know you're a lesbian, so the pleasure a woman gives must be the most exquisite for you," she taunted, leaning over the dwarf. 

Her cleavage burst out of her hunting jacket, the phoenix tattoo, in fiery reds and oranges, visible above the low-cut line of its collar. She gazed into the dwarf's eyes, lowered her face, puckered her red lips, and planted a kiss onto hers. She tasted of lipstick and the saltiness of the dwarf's own juices. Lady Sally's tongue pushed into her mouth to seek hers out. 

Lady Sally was soon down at her crotch again, her tongue probing the dwarf's slippery hole. She strained every muscle to ward off the waves of pleasure, but to no avail. The tip of Lady Sally's tongue was rubbing against her clit in frenetic motions. Every sinew of her body was trying to fight off the inevitable climax, knowing that to succumb to it would give the English dominatrix a victory. It was impossible. Within moments she screamed out, her body bucking and twisting at her restraints. The dwarf hoped to get some respite, to compose herself or find a way to resist the torment of pleasure, but there was none. Having gained an advantage, Lady Sally ploughed on, her tongue working into the dwarf's sopping crack, rubbing the nub of her pleasure until her body strained again, and she gave in to another orgasm. The dwarf was panting and groaning now. 

Lady Sally did not to offer any break in her torture by pleasure. Whilst she was carrying out her sadistic seduction, Victoria had gone back to her dressing room to fetch the automaton. 

"Let me introduce you to Borghild, my automaton sex-toy," announced Lady Sally. 

Borghild stood over the dwarf. She was dressed in her kinky red latex, with the black, rubber strap-on protruding from her waist. It was a fearsome object, the thickest and longest strap-on Lady Sally owned from the extensive collection in her possession. 

The dwarf gasped. Her eyes watered at the sight of what was about to be thrust inside her. 

Lady Sally fixed her gaze on Borghild. "Pleasure her," she ordered with a dismissive wave of her hand before nonchalantly strolling across the playroom to take up a grandstand seat on her throne for the performance. 

Borghild mounted the rack. The giant, rubber phallus hovered tantalisingly before the dwarf's gash. The automaton drove the strap-on into her slippery hole. She was still aroused and sopping from the attentions of Lady Sally's tongue. The dildo stretched her and filled her... filled her like she'd never been filled before. Once the object was nestled deeply inside her, it wasn't painful, far from it, it was gloriously arousing. 

Borghild pumped the strap-on into her cunt. The midget soon felt another orgasm welling up inside her. 

Lady Sally sat sipping a cup of tea. After all, it was tea-time by now. 

"You see, the thing is, even I get tired, and need to partake of refreshment, but Borghild can keep fucking and fucking. She won't stop until I order her, or until her charge runs flat, and I can assure you she's fully charged. She'll just keep giving pleasure until I tell her to stop, which won't be until you answer my questions. Time is no issue; I have all night. So, it's a case of how much pleasure you can stand." 

The dwarf was going to say something when her fourth orgasm burst over her with a euphoric scream. Every sinew of her body pulsed with wave after wave of climax. 

Lady Sally decided to take another turn fucking her with a strap-on after that, before handing over to the automaton again. She had to hand it to her, the dwarf was stubborn. 

But after the tenth orgasm, and with no prospect of any break and the rest of the evening and night of rip-roaring climaxes looming before her, she relented. It was too much for her: she was in a daze, every muscle in her body ached with the exertion, and her throat was sore from her continuous moans, groans and screams. She couldn't take any more, yet weirdly she wanted more. 

She burst out, "Please, please, you win. I give up. I can't take any more. Please, stop the machine. I'll talk." 

Lady Sally strolled over to Borghild and quietly told her to stop fucking. The strap-on was still lodged inside the dwarf's cunt, a warning the automaton could be switched on at any time. 

She paused to allow the midget to get her breath back and recover her composure before quietly asking, "So, do you know Madam Bellowhead?" 

"No, no" she gasped, relieved at getting respite from perpetual orgasm. "Only by name. I never met her." 

"So, how is it you've heard of her?" 

"I'm a member of the Hanoverian Society of Lesbian Dwarves. We know of your UK Society, but I never got any instructions from Madam Bellowhead." 

"Who did they come from then?" Lady Sally persisted. 

"I'm a spy. I work for the Prussian secret service. They use dwarves because we can hide in confined spaces." 

"But why are the Prussians spying on me?" 

"My mission was to stowaway in your airship. I was to study the machine, make plans of it, bring it down on Prussian soil if possible, and destroy it if I could not. They believed your airship carried secret weapons." 

Captain Wyndham interjected. "I found this in the pocket of her duffel coat," he said holding up a notebook containing sketches of the airship. "These drawings confirm she was after technical details of the construction of The Corseted Domme." 

"So, when did you join my airship?" asked Lady Sally. 

"I got on board whilst you were moored at Potsdam. The Archduke had no idea. It was a secret service mission. I didn't know he also had plans to capture your airship. You left so quickly, I never got the chance to bring the airship down on Prussian soil." 

"And was this the sole reason for your mission? Was there nothing personal against me?" 

"The second part of the mission was to track Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester, the notorious British spy." 

"But I'm no spy," protested Lady Sally indignantly. 

"This is where Madam Bellowhead came in. She provided the Prussian Secret Service with that information. She said you were a British spy, and the purpose of your flight was to fly over Prussia to spy on the Empire's war preparations." 

"Piffle," exclaimed Lady Sally. "The Corseted Domme is a vehicle for pleasure only... my pleasure. I don't care tuppence about spying and war." 

"Madam Bellowhead told the secret service you were a spy, and they certainly believed it." 

"Poppycock. She is a liar and a blackguard, and I will get my revenge on her. You have been deceived, I'm afraid." 

The captain asked a question, "Had you any idea how dangerous your sabotage of the airship was. You could have killed us all, yourself included." 

"I was desperate. I knew if I returned to Prussia without completing the mission and disabling the airship things would go badly for me. The prisons in Prussia are full of failed dwarf-spies." 

"What are you going to do with her?" asked Captain Wyndham. 

"That's a good question, captain. I haven't decided." 

"You must punish her, madam," offered Victoria. "After all, she tried to kill you,." 

"Yes, there is that I suppose, though my anger is more directed at Madam Bellowhead and UKSOLD, and the Prussian Secret Service." 

"Keep me. Please keep me. Take me again." 

"What! You've not had enough?" 

"I've never had orgasms like these before. Now I've had a rest I could definitely come again. Please," she begged, "please, fuck me with your strap-on again, whilst I'm still in bondage. Please, Lady Sally." 

"What a splendid suggestion. I can see you are a convert to the Lady Sally methods of sadistic pleasure. But, there must be an exchange. I know, you must allow me to sit on your face whilst you make me come. How does that sound?" 

"Yes please, Lady Sally. I should love to have my tongue up your cunt. Let me serve you." 

"Excellent. If you are prepared to submit to me, then I'm ready to dismiss the other unfortunate incidents, you know... spying, sabotage, attempted murder..." 

"I can certainly do that, Mistress Sally," the lesbian dwarf agreed with relish. She had been won over. 

"Well, that's all settled then!"