 Captain Wyndham was fuming. In the charabanc on the way back to the airfield Monsieur Saunier was all over her. Lady Sally was animated, tipsy from the bottles of champagne she'd quaffed to celebrate her prize. They were chatting and giggling in French, which she could speak fluently. Saunier's hands were everywhere, stroking her bare shoulders, up her thighs, under her ball gown, openly fingering her crotch. He kissed her on her lips and on her exposed breasts; in full view of the passengers, wantonly ignoring their presence. 

On returning to the airship, Lady Sally dismissed them and led Monsieur Saunier to her bedroom... to her bedroom. The captain was shocked. He didn't know how to take it. 

The teak door with its brass handle was closed shut behind them, shutting the captain, the four submissive gentlemen and the lesbian dwarf out. The other men looked as forlorn as Wyndham felt. It was their final night. The next day would be their last as they were setting off for England first thing in the morning. Perhaps they were hoping for an especially debauched treat for the final night. 

Victoria appeared. She emerged from her mistress's changing room, separated from her bedroom by a partition door, where she'd been packing. Hearing Lady Sally and Monsieur Saunier arrive and the exuberant mood they were both in, she thought it politic to leave them to it. 

They stood outside Lady Sally's door. The sounds of drunken giggles soon giving way to murmured endearments. 

Frau Kina Linguzh knelt on the ground and peeked through the keyhole. It was an exceedingly large keyhole, providing the viewer with a panoramic view of the mistress's bedroom, and of Monsieur Saunier's seduction of Lady Sally. 

"He's unbuttoning the mistress's dress," she whispered, peering through the hole. 

Victoria was indignant. "You can't do that! You can't spy on madam." 

The dwarf looked up, "But she wants us to. She gave her permission. She drew me to one side earlier and said she wanted to treat you to a bit of voyeurism. She wants you to spy on her." 

The men's faces lit up. So, there was going to be a treat for them on the final night... an opportunity to watch Lady Sally in bed, being fucked by the Frenchman. 

Victoria looked crestfallen, "Well if that's what madam wants..." 

The dwarf peeked through the keyhole again, "It's a fantastic view. He's unbuttoning her gown, I think he's going to pull it off. Come on, take a look." 

She turned away for the banker to kneel and take a look, continuing the whispered commentary, "Oo, he's pulled the dress off her back now. I can see her back and bare arse. Oh, mistress has such a beautiful bum." 

"Let me look!" demanded the duke. 

"And me..." said the bishop. 

"Don't forget me..." said the judge, as they huddled around the keyhole waiting their turn. 

They took it in turns to peek through the keyhole, each one sharing a whispered exposition of every move they saw in the bedroom. 

He's dropping his trousers now. He's already hard. Oh, look at that, he's got a huge cock. Bigger than mine? I reckon so, come and take a peep. You think she'll let him fuck her? She's pulling his shirt off now. She's running her hands across his chest. She's touching his cock. See that look of lust. He wants her. Yeah, he really wants his cock inside her. He's pulling her face towards his. They're kissing now. Oh god, they've collapsed onto the bed. His hands are all over her. He's put a finger up her slit! She's moaning with pleasure. Yes, we can hear her. She's lying on the bed... she's spreading her legs for him. 

"Enter me, Monsieur. I want you inside me. Fuck me!" 

He's kneeling over her. I can only see her legs and back though. Oh, she's moved her head to one side, I can see her face now. He's got his fingers up her slit. She's ready for it. He's putting his cock in her cunt. Let me look! Yeah move over, stop hogging the keyhole! She's pushed his prick in her slit now. Can you hear her moan? Yes, yes. 

"Oh, it's so good to feel you inside me, monsieur." 

He's fucking her. He's really pumping it inside her now. Look at her face, it's contorted with pleasure. Yeah, she's enjoying that. She obviously wanted a good fucking. Oh, it's so sexy watching mistress get fucked. Have you got a hard-on. Yeah, of course I have... haven't you? Yes, my cock's like iron. Let me have a look now. Do you think she'd mind if we wanked? I'm going to have to. This is turning me on... I've got to get some relief. He's pulling out of her now. They're changing positions. Mistress is mounting him now. 

The mumbled commentary continued as the four men got more and more excited. They looked on as Lady Sally and Monsieur Saunier changed positions several times, his cock thrusting into her from different angles whilst the men pulled on their erect cocks to give themselves pleasure. 

"Captain, aren't you going to take a peep?" asked the dwarf. "Lady Sally won't mind. She was insistent she wanted to be spied on. I think the idea of it turned her on." 

"No," he replied 

The last thing he wanted was to watch Lady Sally getting fucked by the arrogant Monsieur Saunier. He'd heard too much of the noises of lovemaking, the groans and moans, the heavy breathing and panting, the squeals and shrieks. He'd had enough. He turned away and headed for the cockpit. He took solace in the company of Clarissa. 

He was fiddling around, checking readings and adjusting dials on the automaton's control panel in preparation for a launch later that morning, it being way past midnight now. 

It was impossible to escape the sounds of the raucous sex though. They reverberated through the gondola as far as the control cabin. 

"Oh yes! Yes! Fuck me, monsieur! Fuck me!" 

The captain was distracted by the sound of somebody moving behind him. He looked up. It was Victoria. 

"You're not peeking through the keyhole either, then?" 

"No, I'm not bothered. I've left the others to it. They seem to be having fun. Madam was amused at the dwarf's stories about spying on people having sex in hotel rooms," she offered by way of explanation of her mistress's choice. 

"Oh! Yes. Yes. Yes. Give it to me mon amour!" 

"Why Saunier? I can't believe it. I can't believe she's taken in by his smarmy, superficial charm. He's been wheedling up to her since the moment she stepped off the airship. When I think about it they've been all over one another throughout the evening. I saw him groping her backside when they were dancing..." 

"Oh, oh, yes! I'm nearly there. Ram your cock up my cunt. Fuck me harder!" 

"... and she's been taken in by him. All surface show. I don't understand. Why does she let him use her like that? Why doesn't she dominate him like she does every other man? I mean, I can accept what she does with her submissive gentlemen. I know what she's like. But to jump into bed with that odious Frenchman. I can't help it, and I certainly don't want to watch them going at it." 

"Ah. That's it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh. Oo. Ah. Yes!" 

Lady Sally had just reached her climax. 

"You are over-thinking things, captain," said Victoria. "She's a law unto herself. Believe me, it's impossible to predict what she'll do next. But whatever you do, don't underestimate her. Good night, captain." 

"Oh, oh, Ladee Sallee, Ladee Sallee. I'm coming. I'm coming. Oui, oui! Sacre bleu!" 

"Thanks. Good night, Victoria." 

The captain pulled out charts of Northern France and the English Channel. He knew the route well enough. He didn't need to check the maps, he just wanted something to do. After a while he dozed off, the charts spread over his lap. 

"So, this is where you're hiding captain." 

Captain Wyndham woke from his nap, unsure what the time was or how long he'd been asleep. 

"Yes." 

Lady Sally was behind him, a silk dressing gown wrapped around her, barely covering her chest. He dark hair was dishevelled, and she had an enigmatic smile. The captain couldn't help but note how ravishing she looked. The sex had certainly given her a healthy glow. 

"Well, it's our last day. Later today we'll be back in Yorkshire. Are you sad our travels have come to an end? I am," she said, moving around to take up the spare seat in the cockpit next to the captain. 

"Yes." 

"How beautiful Paris looks," she says gazing out at the city's lights and the distant view of the floodlit Eiffel Tower. 

"Yes." 

"Come, captain. Why so monosyllabic?" 

"Oh, I'm sorry, Lady Sally. I'm just in a bit of a reflective mood." 

There was a pause. 

"Are you jealous, captain?" 

The question sliced through him like a knife. It laid bare his confused and conflicted feelings about Lady Sally. He was tortured over whether his admiration and respect for Lady Sally could be anything more, doubtful over whether it was possible to fall in love with a strict dominatrix, yet reluctant to succumb to the extreme submission of her submissive gentlemen. And he was angry at his caution in expressing what he really thought about her and whether it was a missed opportunity. Seeing Saunier jump in with no hesitation, knowing he'd been welcomed into her bed, had exposed his raw emotions. He took a deep breath and considered his reply. 

"Yes. If I'm honest with myself, I'm jealous. You're an amazing person, Lady Sally. I admire you and revere you, and you mean a lot to me. I know you'll do what you want, but seeing you go off with Saunier like that..." 

"I see. And do you truly wish you were in Monsieur Saunier's place?" 

"I don't know. Maybe." 

"Sorry, I still don't know your Christian name, captain?" 

"Charles. Charles Wyndham." 

"You are jealous of him fucking me. You wish it was you? You should be careful what you wish for, Charles?" 

"I don't know, somehow I can accept the way you treat your slaves, it doesn't bother me. That's who you are. But seeing you go off with Saunier just hit a nerve." 

Lady Sally laughed. "But don't you see. You have no reason to be jealous of your rival, Charles. He has been used. I've had my guests spy on him and our lovemaking for my amusement. Besides, there's always a price to pay for taking pleasure from Lady Sally Rudston-Chichester. He will find that out in the morning when he awakes dewy eyed and loving only for me to treat him like a whelp. You see, Monsieur Saunier means nothing to me. Later this morning he will just be another dominated submissive male, but you... you will still be my airship captain... and my friend." 

The captain looked into Lady Sally's eyes. Her words were heartfelt and full of meaning. He nodded, "Yes, I see. I understand." 

"Good. I'm glad we understand one another. I would not have us part in this moody silence after we've shared such magnificent adventures together." 

Captain Wyndham smiled. "It's been amazing hasn't it, Lady Sally?" 

"Indeed, it has, captain," she said, leaning over to give him a kiss, before heading back to her bed, and the oblivious, snoring Monsieur Saunier. 

Lady Sally was true to her word. There was a price to pay for pleasure... and that was punishment and humiliation. 

They were in the midst of tucking into cook's full English breakfast for their last morning when Lady Sally emerged from her bedroom, dressed in thigh-length, leather boots and matching black leather bra and pants. She gripped a dressage whip in her hand, it's long coil of cord brushing the floor. She looked every inch the severe dominatrix. She had secured a studded, leather collar around the dozing and compliant Monsieur Saunier's neck and was pulling his naked body along on all fours with a lead to his whining and complaining. 

"Keep to your mistress's heel," she snapped, tugging at the lead to drag him along behind her. He scrambled behind her crawling on all fours. 

"But please madam, ma amour. I beg you. Does all my expression of love for you last night mean nothing." 

"You misjudge me. There is a reckoning to pay for receiving pleasure from me. You are well enough acquainted with my nature, you must have had an inkling of how this would turn out." 

The cord zipped across his arse with a wicked crack. 

"Ow. Please, that hurt," he whimpered. "Ma Cherie. Oh, please, you have seen how much pleasure I can give you. I love you, Ladee Sallee. Please, don't treat me like this. I know you are desperate for it. Let's go back to bed and make love. I know you want me." 

The dressage whip was raised high above Lady Sally's shoulder and brought whizzing down with a hiss. The cord smacked across Saunier's backside leaving a long, reddening mark across his flesh. A second, even stronger stroke, struck him with a stinging zing. 

"Ow! Oh, please, Ladee Sallee." 

"You overestimate your skills of seduction, and your faith in your own prowess, monsieur. You think you can fuck me and I will fall into your arms to become your lover. You have the arrogance to think I will succumb to you because of your miserable little cock. No, monsieur." 

The long cord cracked again. His face contorted in pain, tears welling up in his eyes. There was now a row of welt marks across his arse so raw you could almost see them throbbing. 

"I will teach you a lesson in male arrogance and then send you packing so I can continue on my journey home. All of you, follow me!" 

At her command, they jumped up from the breakfast table. Lady Sally turned on her submissive men. 

"And did you enjoy watching your mistress being fucked?" They shuffled uncomfortably. "Did you watch through the keyhole? Did you get hard-ons?" They reddened. "Do not take me for a fool. I knew you were there. I heard your whisperings. I could even hear you jerking off." 

They looked embarrassed. They guiltily shuffled from one foot to the other. They knew there was no point denying it. 

She scalded them, "Yes, and there will be a reckoning for you as well. I may have given permission for you to peep through the keyhole. That was for my pleasure. The idea of you watching aroused me. But I never gave you permission to make lascivious comments about me, get erections... or wank. You are led by your cocks, all of you. What have you to say for yourselves?" 

They mumbled their acknowledgments that she was right and muttered apologies. 

Captain Wyndham witnessed the spectacle. He was amused at her reprimand of the four gentlemen, but enjoyed even more the predicament his rival had been put in. He understood her. He reflected on the question Lady Sally had put to him in the night and, no, he would rather be Lady Sally's friend, and have her respect, than be in Monsieur Saunier's position. 

She tugged at his lead to drag him into her dungeon playroom, striking him with the whip if he didn't keep to heel. She mounted her throne with him on his knees before her. 

She pointed to her boots, "Lick them!" 

"Please, madam." He whimpered a plaintive appeal. 

Her voice was stern. "I said, lick them." 

He got down at her feet and ran his tongue along the leather. She lifted a foot so he could lick the boot's sole and suck on its heel. She made him cover every inch of leather. He carried out the task wordlessly and thoroughly, knowing he had little choice, and hoping that in doing so he might avoid further stinging cracks of Lady Sally's whip. 

When Monsieur Saunier completed the task to her satisfaction, she pushed him away and stood up. He was still on his knees in front of her. She put thumbs and fingers inside her black, leather pants and wriggled them over the white flesh of her thighs, over the folds of leather at the top of her boots, bending to lower them right down to her ankles. She towered over him, her bush of black pubic hair above him as he knelt. She took hold of a shock of his tousled hair and pulled his face up. He was forced to stare up at her. Her legs were parted, her slit visible, her cruel, blue eyes baring down on him. Her fingers pulled at either side of her crotch to open up her crack so he was staring into it. Then she relaxed the muscles of her bladder to let her waters flow. They gushed out in a stream over his onlooking face. They filled his gaping mouth with warmth and wetness as he gazed up at her. They burst over his head. He closed his eyes to let the stream of golden waters drip over his eyelids, along his cheeks and across his lips. 

"There, I think you have been given an appropriate lesson in feminine domination. Now you understand what it means to submit to a strict English dominatrix." 

"Yes, Ladee Sallee," he mumbled. 

"Have you no more to say?" 

He hesitated for a moment, struggling to find the right response. "Thank you, Ladee Sallee. It's an honour to submit to you and receive your golden waters," he said. 

"That's better." 

She leant over him and undid the collar around his neck. By now Victoria was by her side and handed her a bag with his clothes in. 

"Now, Monsieur Saunier, it is time to leave my airship. I want to be back in Yorkshire and unpacked in time for dinner so we must be on our way. When we meet again, I will expect appropriately submissive behaviour from you, monsieur." 

"Yes, Ladee Sallee. Thank you Ladee Sallee," he said as he took the bag and backed away toward the exit to the mooring tower. 

"Now, I have to punish you for your behaviour last night," she announced to the duke, banker, judge and bishop. I have a whole morning to deliver spankings and whippings. Borghild and my devices have been packed away but I still have an array of whips, floggers, and riding crops at my disposal. Captain, set the course for Yorkshire. We are going home." 

"Yes, Lady Sally. The Corseted Domme is prepared for launch right away, madam." 

He turned away to take up his position in the control room. 

It had been an entertaining and instructive morning.