 "Wake up, little man." Fingers snapped in my ear and I opened my eyes to find myself with a killer headache and in an unfamiliar place. When I sat up slowly, I blinked in surprise as I seemed to be lying upon a lush circular bed with nary a stitch of clothing upon me.

"Ummm." It was the first thing that popped into my head as I looked around me. The room was gold. No, really. Gold. From the ceiling to the floor, it was completely layered in gold. Gaudy was the term that came to mind and when I saw the owner, I had to do a double-take. She had gold-sprayed hair that she wore in little ringlets that nearly touched the golden-carpeted floor. Her skin was tinged in yellow, eyes slanted marking her Asian; and holy wow was she lovely. 

"Welcome to my bed," I got a good look at the little golden teddy she wore; it was so very sexy. My head knew I should have started to become aroused, but my body did not comply and so I sighed softly. She sat on the edge of the bed and smiled at me with a glint of playfulness. The woman placed a hand on my shoulder and began to caress me, slowly making her way down my body with her fingers.

"A red-head. I like red-heads." When her eyes graced the curly red hairs surrounding my limp penis, she smiled widely, showing teeth. "I really like red-heads. Or should I say, red-hairs."

I felt sorry for myself when she put the shriveled organ into her heavily-lipsticked mouth and began to try and suck me off. This was one of those moments I truly wished I were a normal man so that I could enjoy the pleasure she was offering me. But then again, why was she trying to pleasure me? What was her motivation? 

"What's your deal?" Her tone became arrogant as if she expected me to be squirting my marching soldiers down her throat already. I shrugged at her and became a little snippety.

"Perhaps I don't like the idea of some skanky Curser with a gold fetish trying to get me off without my permission." Might as well give her the impression I was in control of my body. That was the wrong thing to say as she doubled her effort, stripping her teddy from her voluptuous body to reveal twin peaks of glory and a matching hairless slit. If I only could become aroused, I'd be there and gone by now. Her body was definitely hot and I thought perhaps I would have greatly enjoyed what she was obviously offering me, had I been able. However, I had slept with a Curser once before and look how that had turned out.

"Hmm, all right then. Perhaps it is time for a little assistance." She stood slowly, giving me a wonderful glimpse of her fine derriere as she climbed out of the bed and went to the tiny signaler on the wall. 

"Come, Shasha." She purred into the communication device and within moments, one of the doors to the suite opened and the blonde who had brought me to her mistress entered the lavish room. The peroxide blonde, Shasha, wore a golden robe that clung in all of the right places and I was truly regretful that I could not achieve a hard-on. I'd be in manly man heaven right about now if so.

"This impudent man thinks he can withstand my charms, Shasha. What do you think about that?" The Asian chick crossed her arms, the nipples of her chest raised as if insulted along with their owner, and the newly summoned blonde glowered at me as if I had just committed the worst crime of the century. 

"Sorry, not into the whole gold thing." I commented snidely, which made the two women frown and look at me as if they were about to scratch my eyes out. The Asian mistress turned to Shasha and held out her hand, pulling the woman to her. They began to make out, which intrigued me. Soon, the blonde's robe fell to the floor revealing the tiniest thong I had seen worn on any female as well as the largest breasts I'd ever seen with my own two eyes. The make-out session was becoming intense, with each beginning to suck and nibble on the others tongue, neck and downward.

When the mistress pulled her minion onto the bed with her, I made room and said, "Don't let me get in the way." I sat cross-legged on the bed as the blonde began to slide down her mistress's body, licking and slurping as she went until she put her tongue on the woman's clit and began to lick, while almost cruelly twisting her mistress's nipples. The lickee began to groan and buck, thrashing and moaning and I looked down and sighed at my lack of erection. 

"Someone please shoot me now." I wanted to cry. My ego was bruised and busted and I hung my head in shame. Nothing, not even a beautiful woman getting tongue-sexed while the minion fingered her, could get me going. After the mistress had clearly achieved her orgasm, she sat up with a large grin on her face, lustfully looking my way until she parted my legs and saw I had nothing for her. 

"How is that possible?" The woman asked incredulously. The blonde stared along with her mistress in shock, shaking her head in amazement. Mistress stood and went to the communication device, chirping something it in so fast I could barely understand.

And that's when a tall, platinum blonde man entered wearing only a golden pair of boxers. Was I about to watch a threesome? Man! If only...

"Cythe, please pleasure him for us. Clearly he prefers men." The red-lipped mistress grinned evilly at me and I cringed at the thought of having another man suck me off.

I scooted back on the bed, but realized it put me in the good position for him to take me into his mouth and as he slid his boxers off of his finely sculpted body, I gasped at his man meat. It had to be at least eight inches and thick from tip to base. It put my tiny rod to shame. I sighed sadly, bitterness filling me when I realized that he was hard simply from the thought of obeying his mistress. It wasn't fair! 

When he began to climb upon the bed, eyes on my limp penis, I groaned and scooted as far back as I could go. The guy grasped my left ankle, intent on pulling me to him and I knew I had to act fast. So, I did what anyone in my position would do -- I thrust my free leg at him with all of my strength, the heel of my foot crunching squarely in his face. He let out a cry, releasing me, as blood began to spurt from his nose. 

"You bwoke my nodez!" His words sounded a bit nasally as he hopped off of the bed and ran through the door from which he had come, holding on tightly to his sniffer as he did. I looked to the Asian woman, who stood glowering angrily at me and knew I was in serious trouble now. 

"Stupid, foolish, bastard human! I give you so many gifts and you kick them in the face, throwing them back at me! Fuck you!" She was shrieking angrily now as she watched with glowing red eyes as I slid off the bed and pulled the guy's golden boxers up over my sad, soft privates. 

"Shall we play a game, little man?" She went to a cabinet and pulled out a small golden case, opening it with a wicked smile. "I am so going to enjoy this."

Unsure of what she was planning, I ran to the second door only to find it locked. I turned back to her, resigned to my fate. Without her saying another word, she flung both hands at me, hurling small golden objects into the air. It took me a split second to realize the Curser whore had thrown shirukens at me. 

Without thinking I attempted to bless them.

"They are so soft." I spat out as the small weapons flew my way. Nothing happened, of course, except that I had made them extra sharp in my cursing. Unable to stop them with my blessed cursing, I tried to maneuver my body out of harm's way and failed. Pinpricks of pain shot throughout as the shirukens embedded themselves into me, piercing my shoulder, stomach, and the meaty part of my upper thigh. The last of them nicked my cheek cruelly, landing in the wall behind me. I groaned in agony as blood began to glide down my body from each individual wound and knew she was going to play with me until my body gave out and I died; Cursers were cruel like that. Shasha laughed, clapping her hands gleefully at my torture and began to rub between her legs as if getting off on my pain.

But before the mistress could reach into the case and gather more, a tremendous explosion rocked the building, sending all three of us to the floor. I heard myself groan again when I felt the shirukens dig deeper into my body as I landed. I think I might have passed out, but before the darkness took me, I looked up and saw two male faces staring down at me as they dashed into the room. The last thing I remember was noting that my rescuers had glowing white eyes -- Blessers!

------------------------------

When I opened my eyes what seemed to be only minutes later, I was once again in an unfamiliar place. However, the room that I was in held windows surrounding me on each wall except the side where the door was located, and I knew instantly I was in the Blesser stronghold - Sky City. I lifted my head and groaned at the movement as I looked down to find myself in a large bed, carved with intricate patterns on each post. I was naked except for a white-colored sheet that covered my lower extremities. I saw bandages and realized someone had patched me up for some reason. But who?

I did not have to wait long before the door opened and one of the faces from my dim memory of my rescue appeared before me, closing the white door behind him as he entered. 

"How are you feeling?" His voice was soft, kind, and almost feminine as he edged closer to the bed, staring down at my bandaged shoulder and stomach with a concerned look. I was uncomfortable with his gaze until he saw my expression and laughed mildly.

"Don't worry, man. I'm not like that." I shook my own head, realizing how stupid I was being. Blessers were strictly heterosexuals and eschewed anything that was opposite of that fact. Not only that, but they were strictly monogamous too, pairing for life. I once had been a part of that life, so long ago before I strayed. Sighing at how crappy my life had turned out, wishing I had never met Vanessa, I waited for the guy to speak further.

"I am Leo of the Section Larson. You were a Blesser once, right?" I had a rep? Great.

"Yeah. Alex of the Section Stone." It was all I felt like offering.

"Well, just relax, Alex. You are protected here." He closed the curtains, hiding the brightness as I studied him. Tall, thin and lanky, he made me look slightly overweight. His brown hair was cropped short and stood like spikes on top of his head. Overall, he was not a bad looking fellow and I wondered what his motive was for rescuing me.

"I will send in Lara to tend to your needs in a moment." I missed the twinkle in his eye as he exited the room, leaving me waiting for this "Lara" person. I did not have to wait long.

"Hello!" A chirpy voice sing-sanged from behind me and I turned to face a beautiful brunette female as she approached through the door. I had managed to stand, stretching my sore muscles, paying careful attention to not pull at the thigh wound as I did. The white sheet was wrapped around my middle, hiding the important bits of me, but when she saw me standing as such, the girl froze as if she had seen something she should not have. I looked down to make completely certain I was not peeking out and nodded in approval as I was not. Had she never seen a half-naked man before? 

"I am Lara. You are Alex." She smiled as she came closer, almost fighting not to stare at my chest, which made me mildly amused. 

"Now that we've established who we are, maybe you can tell me why your mate rescued me." I kept my tone soft, to soften the sting of my words. 

"Oh, yes, well, he is my brother actually." Her brown hair should have been an indication. Hers was waist-length, straight and full, making her look very feminine and quite pretty. I admired her small nose, the way it flared at the bottom when she spoke and the upturned part of it that made her look younger than she probably was. Her luminescent eyes glowed, of course, but they were tilted downward, making her look sad always. Her lips were soft, plump and ripe for kissing. I wanted to reach out and stroke my thumb against them, but of course refrained. 

"Alex," Lara put a hand on my arm, which felt good. Not in an arousing way, since I clearly was incapable of feeling that way, but in a friendly, genteel way. "We know you used to be a Blesser. What happened to you?" Her glowing eyes bore into mine, and I had to look away.

"I made a mistake." I told her, frowning as I did. I hoped she would not push the envelope, as I wanted to forget that painful part of my life.

"Okay well, listen, my brother found you because he has a crazy notion you can help the Blessers." Lara did not press me about my loss but told me the information I needed to hear. "We have heard rumors of a Level 5 Curser that is now in existence. We want you to help us find him or her." I heard myself gasp at her words. Could it be true? A Level 5?

"How? How is it possible a Level 5 exists? Usually they burn themselves out at birth." I unconsciously tugged at the sheet, wrapping it tighter around me. 

"I don't know. It's just a rumor and might not be true, but we cannot possibly sit by idle and waiting, in case it is true. You are fully aware of the consequences of a Level 5's existence, right?" She looked at me, eyes dancing in the dimmed light. I nodded in understanding. A Level 5 Curser could possibly bring down the entire Blesser race and if left unchecked could possibly bring down the entire civilized world as we knew it. "So as soon as you are healed, we're going to take a team to the surface and find the Level 5. If we have to destroy him or her, if possible, we will. Otherwise, perhaps we can imprison their mind and keep them from harming us." I knew they would not kill unless it was absolutely necessary, but keeping a Level 5 alive could be deadly. It was said that it would be almost impossible to kill one though, but capturing them would be vital.

"I'm ready now." I wanted to groan at the pain I was still feeling, but anxious to get started. 

"I think you need to heal a little longer." Lara pulled at my arm, dragging me to the bed and pushed me gently down upon it. "Your wounds were very deep." I nodded, understanding, but not willing to tell her the depth was my fault for cursing myself with them. I complied, resting my head upon the pillow while she hovered nearby.

"I wish I could bless you into healing, Alex." I opened my eyes and stared at hers, seeing kindness in her face. I decidedly liked this Blesser. 

"Thanks." I said, smiling at her and closed my eyes once more to rest.

It took a few more days for me to heal, and even then I was not ready to fight, per Leo.

He stopped in from time to time to greet me and update me on the Level 5 status and see how my health was moving along. 

Lara spent every moment she could with me, playing card games and such, making certain I was never bored. She attempted to tell me of life as a Blesser, forgetting that I was once one myself, but just to hear her melodious voice, I never reminded her of the fact.

I loved it most when she touched me. It was not a sexual type touch, but a friendly touch. It was just what I needed. I could not help but think that perhaps my impotence might not be such a bad thing. I was able to see people as they truly are -- having no hidden agendas myself of the sexual nature.

But when Lara began to flirt with me, subtly at first, I could not help but change my mind on the thought. Her hands would linger on my chest a little longer than polite. She would kiss my cheek often, especially when coming or going. And when she snuggled with me one night, I knew it would have been difficult to resist pulling her into my arms had I not been impotent. Her kisses lingered on my lips as she attempted to arouse me, stroking my cheeks, then sides, pushing the sheet down after stripping to her underwear, which was white lace -- very sexy and very beautiful on her lithe and sensuous body. But when her hands reached between my legs, I suffered to see the same look in her eye -- disappointment as well as pain.

"Look, Lara, as much as I like you..." I grasped both of her hands, pulling them to my chest, keeping her captive so I could talk to her. "I've got a slight problem. Okay, it's actually a rather big problem. You see, when I lost my ability to bless, I also lost my ability to love. Sexually, that is." I smiled in self-depreciation and sighed lightly as she took a few moments to understand what I was trying to tell her. "I cannot have sex with you. Probably ever." I gauged her reaction to my words, knowing any sane woman would leave me now. Her snow-ringed eyes held something within them -- almost as if a storm was crossing through -- and after a few moments, the girl shrugged. Cuddling within my arms, she stroked my chest gently as she spoke to me.

"I don't care, Alex. I like you. I thought you would be perfect to be my first, but I'm glad you stopped. I've already got a mate lined up for me. Leo has seen to it." Lara glanced at me and then away, a guilty expression on her beautiful face. "I'm sorry, Alex. I was going to use you to get me free of that betrothal." I hid my pain from her well, which surprised me. I had thought that among the Blessers, I would be safe from manipulation and hidden agendas. I should have known better. I really should have.

"You were going to have me use you up so that your intended mate wouldn't want you?" 

At my question she nodded. "Why?"

"Because I don't want to have my mate chosen for me. I want to choose him myself!" Her words were emphatic and I could not help but shake my head. Going against the grain was dangerous for a Blesser. The higher-ups tended to not like that too much.

"That's awfully dangerous, Lara." I chided her, pointing a finger at myself for being a hypocrite. "You could have been banished to the surface for that. You'd not last two minutes down there. Some Curser would eat you for dinner." I shook my head in worry for her. "They'd never let you remain conscious but would use your body as their own cruel toy." I knew my words were hard and frightening, but she had to know the gravity of her desires. She merely shrugged as if what I told her was nothing to the girl. 

"Your funeral." I muttered, but did not let her go. I held her in my arms tightly, keeping the sheet over our now naked bodies. I wondered if she'd let me pleasure her orally. Would it get her in trouble with the mate-to-be, I wondered. I did not want her exiled. A sweet young thing like her definitely wouldn't last long on the surface, so I opted to behave and just cradled her against me until we fell asleep.

"LARA!" Leo's voice boomed in my ear the next morning, causing me to groan and smirk in slight amusement when the girl scrambled to get into her clothes without letting her brother see any important parts. His face was a flushed crimson color and after I had decided he had suffered enough, I raised my hands.

"It's all right, Leo. She didn't do anything wrong." I had his attention and he could see the honesty in my eyes. "I just held her during the night. I promise. She's still chaste and perfect." I glanced over at Lara, who was now dressed, and winked at her. The girl's face was pink, the very tips of her ears bright red, but at least she was dressed now. 

"Don't do that again, sister. Got it?" Leo's voice was venomous and I could not help but wonder if he were angry or if he were manipulative, just like his sister. sighed softly and waited for Leo to calm.

"It's time, Alex." The spike-haired man finally stated after gaining control of his emotions. "It's time to go to the surface and find the Level 5."

To Be Continued...