 When you have two women, with not a scrap of clothing on them, on either side of you, it is not difficult to know what any normal man would do to them.

Not me, of course.

I couldn't do anything. Nothing. Nada. Zip. Zilch. You get the picture.

They alternated kissing me while my hands each went between each of their legs, completely soaking the sheets with their sweat and sex juices. It was so erotic that I would have paid good credits to see something like this and all of my credits to be a part... before my 'accident'.

"Mmmmm." Lara kissed me at the same time as her sister and then I watched with pleasure as they began to kiss each other, taking it to a whole new level.

I made a grunting noise as Lara climbed over my body so that she was cradled in her sister's arms and so I flipped onto my side, hand propping up my head, so I could watch and enjoy the show they were putting on for me. Luna began to growl and moan, bucking under her sister's touch as she slid her hand down to rub her clit. She removed her hand and put her own pubic mound over her sister's and began to ride her. They came at the same time with so much moaning and screaming, it should have alerted anyone nearby. 

I desperately hoped that Leo would not take that moment to wake and hear anything. I could just see myself getting thrown out of the city for this (shuttle not included). Obviously I was a bad influence on them. Obviously.

Once they had climaxed together, they lay in each other's arms, marveling that the one person they thought they knew so well could bring them such exquisite pleasure. That the one person they knew as intimately as themselves could and would become even closer, if that were possible. 

I sighed loudly, exhaling with a disappointed twirl of my tongue across my lips. 

"Alex?" Luna's voice was soft and sexy, making me desire to kiss her and not stop.

"Yeah?"

"Are you seriously not... you know... hard?" Her hand reached underneath the covers and stroked my flaccid member. 

"Oh yeah, I'm hard as a rock." I growled the words angrily, but without realizing it, I had twisted them into a curse. Uh-oh. Something started happening to me. Something bad.

I felt a quickening, as if a beast within me had been waked. My heart began to race as I reached under the sheet to touch myself and to confirm, yes, I was getting an erection.

"That was all it took?" I groused angry that all this time wasted I could have done anyone I wanted to -- all I had needed to do was curse the softness. But wait, something was wrong. It was overwhelming me. Mother of pearl, I was having the erection of erections. The king of erections! The kind that took complete control over your motor skills and made you see nothing but red. 

"AHHHHHH!" I began to scream in agony as blood vessels were popping from the strain between my legs. My hand holding it began to grow bloody and the penis itself was purple with red splotches. Was I going to die? It certainly felt like it.

"Go...go get Leo!" I cried out to the girls, ignoring them as they asked me about my condition but dressed swiftly to do as I asked. I could not let them stay with me. It was not safe for them. I was becoming a monster! 

Luna had dashed away and I pushed at Lara's arm.

"Get out of here! Now!" I barked, pointing at the door while attempting to stop myself from doubling over. I couldn't touch my erection any longer as it was so fully engorged. What could I do? I had no clue. Release. Release was all I wanted. Just a simple release! 

Please just let me release!

"Alex?" Leo came in dressed only in silky white pajama bottoms but I could not focus on him until he pressed his hands against my head. "What's wrong?" 

I pulled away the covers slightly to reveal my erection, now quite bloody and purple.

"I'm going to need to beat off, but I can't touch myself. I nearly pass out each time I do." I hated to suggest it to a straight up guy like him, but I had no choice in the matter, so I pleaded, "Please Leo, yank me off. I have to have release or I don't know what I'll do. For the sake of every female in Sky City, before I go on a complete raping rampage, you gotta do this for me." I wondered if I would overcome someone just to feel myself release. I knew I would die for it if I did, but at the pain I was feeling, death would be a welcomed thing. 

"All right, if that helps you." I could hear the reluctance and disgust in Leo's voice but I also saw the worry and compassion in his eyes. "I'm going to use the sheet, okay?" I nodded and watched, still writhing in pain, as he wrapped the sheet around the extended member and began to stroke gently. It felt so good when he did it -- all psychological, I'm sure, but it did not take long before the beginning of the most intense, crazy orgasm I had ever experienced in my life. It rivaled when I had come with Vanessa. I moaned a constant string of nonsensical syllables as my body let myself come over and over until I began to pass out from the intensity of it. 

When I woke, I felt much better. I was in my borrowed bed still, but resting under new, clean sheets. I pulled the covers up to peek underneath and grimaced when I saw myself erect as if it were morning. Just morning wood, though, I had morning wood. That was all. I could not help but notice my dick was a real lovely shade of purple.

I blinked when I realized that I felt strange. What it was, I could not quite put my finger on the feeling. 

But when Lara knocked softly, shadowed by her sister and they both entered, I knew what I was feeling -- an extreme appetite for all things sexual. I scrubbed my face with my palms and groaned as they approached me hesitantly. Leo must have told them my situation. I hoped he had, anyway. They had to know not to provoke me in any way into lust. Or it could be curtains for their virginity.

"Alex?" I heard Luna's soft voice and felt Lara's gentle touch as I moved my hands to stare at their beautiful faces staring at me so full of worry and curiosity. 

"You girls have to leave. I've got a problem. A big one." I grimaced at my words. It was too serious of a situation to make jokes! 

"We're sorry. We hope we didn't do it to you." I had to suffer through each of the girls staring at the sheet, which made me self-conscious so that I curled up on my side so that there was no outlining of my monstrous erection. 

"Nah, I just can't keep my curses to myself." At the words, both sets of white-rimmed eyes glowed my way. Oops.

"Curses?" 

"Yeah, see, I cursed myself somehow. I'm a Blesser with no powers, trust me. It just randomly happens." I shrugged, hoping that would leave it at that. They did, but were soon interrupted from anything either would say by Leo entering the room. He glared at each girl who promptly darted out, leaving us alone. 

"Let me guess -- you think I'm going to deflower them?" I quipped at the man as he sat on the edge of my bed, lifting up the sheet to stare, which made me feel incredibly odd.

"I just think it's safer if you remain away from any female contact for now, Alex." He grimaced as I began to grow even more aroused at the thought of female contact. Argh! What was wrong with me? I had just proved his point by the mere thought of having a woman's touch. Argh! There I went again! I had to stop it! Focusing on the man before me, I concentrated all of my energy and effort on talk to him about anything other than you-know-what.

"We're going to need your help getting into the human sanctuary." 

When he said this to me, I blinked in surprise. They thought the humans harbored the Level 5? No way! The hidden sanctuary where the small band of freed humans hid was closed to them. They loathed the Blessers and Cursers; no way would they help either. And it would be almost impossible to hide a Level 5 among such mundane and menial people. I had to admit to myself, since losing my Blessing power, I had felt pretty human at times. I knew I could get in easily, but to get the Blessers in too? That'd be very, very difficult as the Humans were a very shy and skittish bunch. They didn't trust many since they were fearful of becoming enslaved by the Cursers and possibly destroyed by the Blessers for being non-Blessers. 

"I don't know..." I was hesitant, staring down at my body. It was clear that even after I relieved myself, I was not losing my erection. Was I now doomed to be a sexual monster for the rest of my life? Somehow I did not feel it was an improvement over my impotence. 

"Alex," When Leo put a hand on my shoulder, I realized then it was a mistake. I clasped his hand against my shoulder and reached over with my lips and swirled my tongue around his right nipple. I began to suck gently, finally letting my eyes cut upward to his face. If I hadn't of been so aroused, I definitely would not have done that, as I really wasn't into men. I saw the look of disgust in Leo's eye but something else. Was he willing to let me explore and use his body so that I could gain release? Or was he actually attracted to me? 

I released his hand and roamed my own down the waistband of his pajamas, pushing them downward to reveal a rising erection. His body was betraying his desire to remain heterosexual. I leaned in and took his half-limp dick into my mouth and began to suck gently on it, enjoying the feel of how it made me even hornier if that were possible. It did not take long before he was growing hard in my mouth and with a gasp of awareness, he finally pushed me away from him, tugging up his pajama bottoms in disgust. 

"Sorry." I mumbled, unrepentant at the action. I let the man push me gently on my back and slip the sheet down, inspecting my bruised erection. Each time he touched it while looking sent shockwaves down my spine and I could not help but moan slightly. Looking in his face, I saw guilt for bringing me a little slice of pleasure pie.

"You're making me feel good, Leo. That's not necessarily a bad thing, right?" But he merely shrugged at my words, so I knew I would have to find a painful release my own way.

I took in a sharp gasp of air when I felt warm lips encompass my member and had to scrunch up my eyes from the pleasure barbs that ran up and down it as Leo began to suck me off. 

"Ohhhh yesssss." I hissed as his tongue ran up and down the base up to the top. It felt so good all I could do was moan and pluck at the sheets underneath us. As I climaxed, I felt cool air on my dick and then a warmth on my belly. He had quickly removed his mouth so that I came on myself, which was fine. He had done more than I had ever expected him to. The orgasm was not as nearly as intense at before, but it was good. Really, really good. 

"I did it for my sisters." He muttered, rubbing his mouth viciously with a part of the loose sheet. "I don't want you to bring them to ruin, you understand." He gave me one more look of disgust before leaving me to my thoughts. Of course, as soon as he mentioned his sisters, I started to grow erect again. I groaned as the sheet began to tent and wondered if I were doomed with a perma-hard-on for the rest of my life now. Why couldn't I just be normal? I'd have given up my Blesser power just to be able to be normal sexually. This swapping from impotence to full-blown sexual energy would be the death of me!

I ended up jacking off fifteen times before my body finally gave out and my dick stopped growing as hard. Fifteen times! I still had an erection afterward, but it was not as severe and pressing. I could actually function. I wondered if it would be the same once my body caught up. Would I have to live in a state of constant masturbation? I did not see how the Blessers could possibly put up with me through that. After all, I was only here in Sky City to help them find the Level 5. I decided I'd visit the human encampment the next day before my body had true time to recover. And so it was set -- we would go the next morning and I would go into the camp alone. 

During the night, though, I had a visitor. 

Of course I was lying in bed, getting myself off with my hand when the door opened and closed. I stopped, perplexed at who could visit at such a late hour and grimaced when the lamp flickered on and I saw who it was.

"No no no. You shouldn't be here, Lara."

The girl's eyes went wide when she saw that I had my hand tightly held around my erect penis. I could see lust in her eye and knew that if I did not send her away, it'd be the end of her purity. Of course in my mind, she was already sullied, having had sex with her own sister, but her maidenhead was still intact, which was all her future husband would care to know about. 

"Please, Lara," I begged the beauty, "Please let me be alone tonight. You don't understand what's happened to me." But she ignored me and continued to stare in awe at my throbbing organ. I pulled her to me, kissing her without saying another word. If she would not leave, then so be it. She kissed me back and let her hands slide down to grasp my hardness, stroking and exploring as she did. I knew she had never seen me erect before, which must have intrigued her as she brought her face close, mouth agape in curiosity as she studied my hard dick. 

What I did next was wrong and I knew it, but I could not help it -- I slid my hands around the back of her head and thrust myself into her open mouth. I ignored her stifled squeals, as they only served to turn me on further. I moaned slightly as I pushed her head forward enough so that my dick pushed against the back of her throat, gagging her.

Her eyes bulged and I could tell she was trying to breathe and not utilize the gag reflex to throw up and choke herself. Oh holy wow did her mouth feel so good. So very, very good. It did not take long at all before I was squirting my seed down her throat, a delicious warmth caressing me from my dick upwards, making me pant with the intensity. It did not occur to me once that she could have easily bitten me or even chewed right through me.

I pulled myself out of her mouth, uncertain of what to say as she turned, gasping and spitting out whatever she could of my jizz that was still left in her mouth. That was the worst thing she could have done as her pink, moist pussy was thrust upwards, like a beacon to me. Instantly hard once more, I groaned when I realized that I had no control whatsoever. I had to fight with myself to force my dick to listen to me and not enter into her vaginal hole. Lara froze when she felt my hand begin to rub her pussy, as I stroked gently, as if trying to make up for what I had just done to her. 

"Mmmmayahhh." She sighed softly, climbing on her hands and knees on the bed, rocking back and forth as I rubbed. I focused two fingers on her clit and stroked harder, trying to bring her as much pleasure as I could. She was so incredibly wet! I could not believe how much liquid was oozing out of her body and I had an idea. I scooped a nice amount and thrust it into her anus, rubbing it tenderly along with her clit in long strokes. Subtly I began to moisten her, thrusting a finger from my left hand into her butthole and one finger from my right into her vaginal hole so that I was thrusting them at the same time. 

I did not hear the door open and then shut, but felt her twin's naked body press up against my backside, startling me for a moment. Wordlessly, Luna slipped around me, climbing underneath her sister, spreading her legs wide so that Lara could have easy access to her pussy. She began to moan as her sister began to suck her clit, eager to please her. I wished to reach around and touch Luna, but Lara was doing a fine job of licking her. I took the distraction to put the head of my dick at the rosebud of Lara's anus. Without any hesitation, I pushed into her rectum, groaning at the delightful tightness. It was so very, very tight! 

"Ow ow ow!" Lara groaned, her head flicking back to stare at me as if I were killing her. And it probably was causing some serious pain, but I could not help it. I had to have her. And I knew I would not stop until I was all the way inside of her. If I could not deflower her, this was the next best thing. I waited, my throbbing dick begging for entry, for her to turn back around and continue licking her sister off. I pushed harder, locking my hands around her pelvis, where the leg connected to the hip and so with the death grip, I began to slide in slowly, slowly, ignoring her cries of pain and pleas to stop. 

"What's wrong, Lara?" I vaguely heard Luna ask her sister, but Lara apparently was in too much pain to answer. I finally made it completely inside of her rectum and could not believe how tight she was! It was wonderful and I began to pull out, only to go back in, lubricated by our mutual juices and her blood. It did not take me long to come, not in the state my body was in with this infernal constant erection, and soon I was squirting my warm semen into her cavity, moaning at the pleasure of it. I pulled out slowly, ignoring the blood that seemed to be as bright as a neon sign. I was not done. Of course. Once I saw Luna's shiny, gorgeous pussy still open wide to be eaten, I groaned as instantly my dick shot to attention once more. Would it ever end? 

I slid my mouth down, replacing Lara's tongue with my own and began to suck noisily on her clit, sliding my tongue into her opening whenever I could. It was absolutely delicious and I groaned with the desire to do more. But, I fought with myself once more and opted to flip her around and slide into her anus opening too after I had shoved much of her juices upward to lubricate as I had done for Lara. Luna was groaning, but I could see her staring at her sister who was curled up next to us, sobbing softly. I pushed into Luna, wincing when she screamed. I hoped no one heard us as it had been quite a noisy affair as I thrust in and out of Luna's butthole, grunting with the effort and pleasure of it as I did. Luna was begging me to stop, as her sister had, but I had to ignore it. If I did not, I would surely take both of their virginity. And as I shot the next hot load into her tight-fitting rectum, nearly blacking out from the pleasure of it, I wondered if I would not get paid back for my transgressions some day. 

I rolled off of Luna, finally exhausted, dick limp for once, and began to stroke both girl's hair. I had to make it up to them somehow. I attempted to pull Lara's body to me, to hold her, but she shoved me away, lying on her side with her back facing me. So I scooted closer and wrapped my arms around her waist, leaning in and whispering, "I'm so sorry."

She shrugged but stopped crying, letting me snuggle with her. I felt Luna wrap her arms around me, touching her sister. 

"I liked it." Luna whispered in my ear and I grinned, twisting my head slightly so that I touched my lips to hers. 

"I'm sorry." I told her too, kissing her once more before drifting off into a deep slumber, wrapped up thickly within both sets of arms. 

Until Leo entered the next day and nearly killed me....

"What the... Alex?!" I heard his voice and groaned as I untangled myself from his twin sisters while attempting to keep the twisted sheet to cover them. I looked at the state of the bed and grimaced. There was blood everywhere as well as other stains that would leave nothing to the imagination. 

"They are still virgins, Leo!" I exclaimed, grateful now that it was true. I would be flying out of the window thousands of feet above the earth's surface if I didn't stop the man. His face was a mask of fury and I pushed the girls gently out of the bed so that I could take my licks and get it over with. I could see his fist clenched and so I stood naked (and of course erect) before him, waiting for the fist. But before his hand could connect, Luna and Lara both stepped in front of me.

"No, Leo! Stoppit. It's not his fault. We made him play with us last night and we enjoyed every second. Don't touch him." Luna crossed her arms and glared back at her brother, who shrugged and stormed off angrily, leaving the three of us alone. I turned to stare at both girls, knowing I deserved whatever they threw at me. Luna reached up and kissed me, smiling as she exited, taking one of my shirts with her to cover her body. Lara stepped to me after her sister had left and slapped me. Hard. I touched my stinging cheek in shock only for a moment. I did deserve that. But then she reached up as well and kissed me, leaving with the blood-stained sheet wrapped around her body.
