 "Alex!" Vanessa's cry of wanton desire brought me to my senses. "Take me! Please take me!" 

And boy did I want to do that. But I was afraid. Not for the pain I knew would slam into our bodies as we orgasmed together, but for the child that now depended so heavily upon us. I collapsed beside her, stroking her ample torso and then flat belly as I stared deeply into her eyes. 

"What if I kill you, Vanessa?" I spoke my fears, not wanting her to feel as if I were disinterested in having sex with her. She was quiet for a few moments, staring back at me as her hand stroked mine as it explored her body. 

"Then you will care for Alera." 

"And if I die too?" I could see my words troubled her greatly as her bottom lip began to quiver. I leaned in and kissed it, not liking the fear that masked her face. It was softening me, making me lose the desire, which was not necessarily a bad thing. But she leaned into the kiss, drawing it out, making it linger upon my lips and we sighed against each other. I began to make my way down her body, first kissing her neckline, then left breast, right one, down to the navel, not stopping, I kissed her until I reached her clit and opened her up, spreading her legs wide. 

If I was not going to be able to have intercourse, there were other things sexual I could do for her. I parted the split, finding the little button of pleasure I knew would help my task and placed a few light licks there to tease. She groaned at me and looked as if she were going to curse me, so I hurriedly licked harder, longer so that she could feel it. And she did, bucking and moaning in pleasure as I licked. I reached in after a few moments and took the source of her pleasure into my mouth and sucked gently, reveling in the fresh gush of liquid that began to cover my face, running down my neck and landing in a pool underneath. I knew some to be my own drool as it was a pleasant experience that I was undertaking in my sucking her off. 

When she nearly pierced my eardrums with a shriek that told me she had orgasmed, I wiped my face on the blanket and began to kiss anywhere I could, enjoying the taste and texture of her skin as I spiraled my way up and down her body. Vanessa lay staring at me with a satiated look on her face and then pulled me up to where I was kissing her. She rolled me over and copied me -- working her way down my body with little kisses just like I had. I was so hard it reminded me of when I had the erection problem, only I knew I wouldn't bruise this time. My cock was made for this woman. It was ready for her.

As she took me into her mouth, it was an incredible feeling. I had no qualms in letting her do what she wanted, but she began to tease me, sucking gently whenever I grew close to coming. Finally, after she had me begging, literally begging with tears in my eyes at the incredibly intense passion and pain, she let me squirt my jizz into her mouth, swallowing it with relish while sucking gently yet feverishly as if milking me for all my worth. I sighed as the incredible sensations began to fade and realized I could do that for the rest of my life with Vanessa, but would it be enough? I guess we really didn't have a choice, as we simply could never risk the danger it could bring by indulging in our passion. I kissed her forehead and together we drifted into the land of happy dreams of fulfillment and desire.

The next morning I woke to find my arms empty, the sheet wrapped tightly around me. Panicking, I leaped up and didn't even bother dressing, just dashed out into the main part of the cottage, worried about Vanessa's absence. The moment I exited the room, I immediately turned back around and scrambled inside to put my clothes on -- the outer room was filled with women.

Crimson-faced, I exited and tried my best to ignore the giggles and winks the handful of females sent my way. How utterly embarrassing!

"Alex, this is Patina, Fawn, Gloria, Meece and Willa of the village we've found called The Last Ditch. They wanted to see Alera." Vanessa looked at me meaningfully and I immediately stared at the girl in one of the woman's arms. I cocked my head in curiosity when I realized Alera was wearing some sort of lens over her eyes. They were darkened and I could not see through them. Relieved at the lack of danger, I made my way to the small kitchen to find a pot of coffee getting cool. Pouring a cup, I stared at the women as they talked in soft tones about raising children and how the settlement worked. The men took turns with guard duty, often raiding Curser compounds near the Surface City for weapons, provisions and food. 

Once the women had left, I held Vanessa while watching Alera play with Dog. I had taken the mutt aside and made sure he knew all foul language was off limits when he was near my daughter. I would not have her walking around the village cursing up a storm thanks to the filthy beast. The two, I had to admit, were sweet together. They seemed to never tire of each other and I liked the added benefit of having the dog watching over Alera.

"This is a nice place, Alex," Vanessa said softly in my ear, smiling as her daughter tugged on Dog's ear. 

"Yeah." It was.

"Oww! Stop pulling my ear, bitch!" The annoyed tone of the dog, which had switched to a low growl, instantly brought my back up, feelings of protectiveness washing over me.

"DOG!" He saw my reddening face and whimpered.

"Sorry, sorry. I sorry."

On our third day of our stay at The Last Ditch, I thought about how smoothly things were going for us. Alera was "allergic" to the dry air and so had to keep her sunglasses (as Vanessa called them) on her at all times. Especially (only) when visitors were with us or she was out of the cottage. I put my back into working with the men, struggling to survive the best I could and provide for my new family. I found myself actually enjoying living in the settlement as there seemed to be a real camaraderie with the villagers. They looked out for each other and everyone helped everyone else in any sort of work that needed to be done, whether it was fixing leaky roofs to harvesting in the fields that were kept in the center of town. They had strategically built the town around the fields, so that they were the safest of all. 

But the biggest surprise was that the leader, mate to the one-eyed woman we had met on our first day, a huge man named Syke, was a Level 2 Blesser. I had wondered how the village could be so strong and how each day something good came from the fields. Now I understood why. I was intrigued, of course, by the fact that a Blesser could survive alone in the center of a village of humans, but it really made sense. He was powerful by default and that gave him a fairly good leadership role. It made me wonder just how many Blessers had defected and I knew there were probably small pockets of rogue Cursers as well. 

One particular afternoon, I had been sent outside of the gates to help patch one of the holes in the main guard fence that popped up from time to time due to rust or age. There were three of us, me, Falk and Louis. Falk and Louis were brothers, but they constantly quibbled and quarreled, which bothered me at first until I realized they were happier arguing than not, so let it go. 

"Hey, look at this." Falk was bent over a section that looked as if it had been scored by something rather hot. "I think someone tried to burn their way inside." Of course his brother had to comment negatively against him.

"Nah, that's been there a while. I saw it last week." 

"Was not." Falk glowered at the younger man, kicking the panel with his booted foot. "This was definitely made recently. Touch it, fool." But he never had a chance as a large rope net was thrown over our heads. 

"Hey!" Louis yelped as a man dressed in black slammed his fist over the man's head, silencing him quickly. There was no mistaking the glow of red within the four men's eyes -- they were Cursers.

"You scum have been stealing from us long enough. It's time to make you work it off." One of them hissed in my ear and I was unable to help myself and thrust an elbow backwards, sending him flying. 

"I cannot believe that this net is made of dust, simple, soft dust." I shot a blessing out of my mouth automatically and then grimaced when nothing happened. Yes, of course, I was alone. I was used to having Vanessa and Alera with me lately that it was truly hard to deal with being without them. And now, as the Curser growled at my impudence, cursing me with foul words, unwilling to harm his new minion, I knew I was in trouble.

They brought the three of us to Surface City, on the very outskirts where a factory had been set up to produce anything from deodorant to pleasuring devices. The Cursers simply could not live without their day-to-day pleasures which they felt were much needed for their survival. Utterly ridiculous of course! Let them spend a day outside of the city without their power and they'd know what was needed for survival. When they put me to work running a punching machine that made rings of different sizes that would fit in something made by a different set of machines, I could not believe my rotten luck.

Guards roamed constantly, always keeping a bored yet watchful eye out for runaway minions as well as Blessers. I worked for the rest of the afternoon before they led us to a holding pen. There were two, actually, one for men and one for women. Some were young, perhaps ten or twelve, deemed old enough to work. Once I found myself inside of the pen, surrounded by male strangers, I wondered what it would take to free myself.

"Hey," Falk elbowed me as his brother flanked my other side. "What do you suppose we could do to become free." I wondered why they were asking me. I was not some hero sent there to save them. Why couldn't THEY figure out an escape route? Why couldn't the burden of rescue or survival or freedom fall on someone else's shoulders for once?

"I don't know. There are guards everywhere. Looks pretty secure." I shrugged, not feeling as if I had the strength to lead the men to freedom. After all, I was now nothing special. Just a human. A handful of Cursers began to circle the pen, with what looked to be a female leading them. 

"Wonder who that is." Falk, apparently in a chatty mood, commented. "Mmmm. Wish we had something like that back home." I stared at the woman, curious to see what would draw his comments out when I felt like there were plenty of pretty girls at the settlement. 

Of course, none could hold a candle to Vanessa and perhaps that's why he was looking.

The woman's hair was pink. She had to have dyed it of course, and it matched the rest of her outfit, or at least what there was left of the skimpy thing that might qualify for clothing. In her arms was a tiny little dog, also dyed pink to match. I had to cover my mouth to hide my smirk. This was one spoiled Curser female.

She was walking down the line of the cage, staring at each male as if trying to select which dessert to have after her meal. I knew whatever she was trying to find was not something I wanted to be a part of, so I subtly began to walk backwards, putting several guys in front of me. Unfortunately, this action caught her attention and she snapped her fingers to me.

"Come, you." I did not move. "Come, I said." She looked at her cadre of guards as if expecting them to materialize me before her. I sighed and moved forward, unwilling to show them that their stupid curses would not affect me. I was uncertain if I was well known for that reason, but if I were, that meant the Cursers knew about Alera. I could not risk leading them to her so I had to play nice. She studied me for a few moments and spun a well-manicured finger around, and I did as she commanded, grimacing the entire time I did it. 

"He will do." She patted the little doggy in her arms while the guards retrieved me. I walked slowly between the muscles; unhappily of course as I had no idea what she was planning for me. All I wanted was to go back to the village and be with my little family.

Apparently, as we entered a hovercar, that was not to be. I had an actual dog collar slapped around my neck and one of her personal guards held the end of the leash attached. I felt lower than her powderpuff pup as we drove to a large building, my eyes already adjusted to the darkness of the city from my afternoon in the factory.

I was brought up a few flights of stairs, my leash yanked hard when I fell, lifted back on my feet by either guard flanking me until finally we reached the top floor. Inside was a very lush apartment, everything coated in pink. What was with these Curser females and their love of a certain color? I could only groan at the offensive flat, following to the bedroom and into a large bath. There was a bathtub, which was full of bubbles inside of it.

"Strip those nasty clothes and bathe. Get really nice and clean." Pink girl commanded, looking at me as if she expected me to comply without argument.

"Why?" I asked, and then regretted it when she glowered at me. Uh oh. "Okay, no need to curse at me." I held up my hands to disarm her, waiting until she left.

Of course she did not. 

I stared at her. She stared at me. The pink dog licked her face as if happy to be with her. I did not envy said dog and would have spit out the taste.

"Well?" She tapped her shoe. "Get undressed. Get in. Bathe." She said the words extremely slow as if I were a dimwit. I sighed noisily and complied, keeping my back to her. Unfortunately for me, there were mirrors on every single wall. Great.

"Mmmm." I heard a pleasing noise from behind me and yelped when she put a hand on my butt cheek. I practically jumped into the bubblebath, ignoring her angry reaction when I splashed a little on her pink-hosed leg. I bathed slowly, not exactly eager to get out and be on display again. I counted myself extremely lucky that I had lost my erection problem. To distract myself from Pinky's lustful gaze as I exited and began to dry off with ... yep, a pink towel, I tried to focus on what Vanessa would be doing now. Was she searching for me? I desperately hoped not! 

"Come on, boy." Pinky, who looked as if she could be slightly younger than me, tugged at my leash after clipping it back to the collar. I sighed when I realized she was not going to let me dress and followed her into the pink bedroom. It was at that point I noticed two things -- first, the bed had been altered. It was now split into two beds with a pole thrust up in the center of the twins. Second, there was a rather large naked man sitting on a cushioned chair next to the bed. 

"Kline!" Pink girl dashed over to the man, yanking on my leash as she did which caused me to choke slightly before I picked up the pace and followed her. She hugged the man, squeezing his butt cheek with her free hand. I wondered what her fixation on butt cheeks was as she whispered something in the really tall and muscular man's ear. I felt as if my eyes were going to pop out of their sockets when he began to harden. His dick must have been a good eight inches, which REALLY made me feel inadequate.

The girl opened the bedroom door and pushed her puppy through, closing it behind the critter and stripped until she was naked. I tried to look away, honest I did. She had a nice body and I could not help but compare it with Vanessa's. My girl's was definitely better.

Satisfied with the appraisal, I was unaffected by her nakedness and ignored her when she smiled at me flirtatiously. Yanking on my leash, she pulled me to the pole and pointed to the twin cuffs. 

"Wrists." It was a command and I could not help but wonder what she was planning exactly. I obliged, hoping that she'd go easy on me if she planned on doing something extremely naughty with me, as I would be extremely difficult to arouse. Vanessa had seen to that by stealing my heart.

Once each wrist was strapped in, she went to the wall and pressed a button. I had mistaken the pole as a single pole. It was twin poles that began to split apart. I had to let my arms part with it, as it was too powerful for me to fight against. It was not long before my arms were as far apart as they could go without me being uncomfortable. I was in quite an awkward position, but at least I still had my legs free to fight with. But not for long. She pointed to the lower cuffs I had not seen, of course, and expected me to put my foot against each so I was split eagle. I shook my head. 

"You will do it." Her threat would have scared me in the past, but I was not going to let her put me in a compromising position, where I did not have any way to defend myself. 

She looked to "Kline" and he stood slowly, his large manhood wobbling as if it were eager to talk to me face-to-face. I gulped and slid my foot against the cuff, ignoring the sensation of feeling as if I were helpless as she tied and then made me slide my remaining foot next to the cuff and then inside with a little help of me grasping the poles with my hands awkwardly until now I was completely split apart, helpless and trapped.

I was facing both, studying them, wondering what they were planning to do with me. My dick was still limp, which I was proud of it being such, but I worried about what was in store for me. I watched as Pinky frenched the man, who ran his tongue afterward around her nipples and then looked at me with a look of pure lust in his eye. Uh oh. 

"Have fun, Kline. He's all yours." Pink girl smirked as she sat on the chair, posed to watch, her legs apart and her hand stuck to her split, stroking gently in preparation to view whatever Kline was planning for me. I began to fight against the cuffs. No way would I let him do whatever said plan was to be! I growled threateningly as he neared, but it evoked a laugh from the big man. Not exactly the reaction I had hoped for.

"This is going to be so much fun..."

Yeah right. For who?

To be continued...