 Fighting against the restraints was useless as I was held tightly, so I started to yell. "Let me go!" I did not want to use all of my strength as I knew I would need it, but what could I do? I couldn't see myself letting him do whatever to me without a fight so I did the first thing that came to my mind and spit on him.

"Oh this one is feisty, Lumara!" Kline smiled widely as he approached me, eyeing me up and down as if I were a hanging slab of meat. It was exactly what I felt like as he ran a hand up and down my body, until he reached my scrotum and began to squeeze.

"Stop, stop, stop, stop it!" My words began soft as he started his torture of my testicles and rose until I was screaming in pain, nearly ready to pass out. 

"Aww, does the puny man not like me touching his jewels?" Big boy leaned in and ran the tip of his tongue down the side of my face and it took all of my willpower not to reach over and snap at him like Dog would have. He saw my repugnance and anger, which caused him to let out a bellow of laughter, echoed by pink-girl.

"I think he likes it, Kline." The freaky Curser chick smiled at me, as her partner in the sublime grasped my dick tightly in his hand and began to yank me off. I have to admit, I am a normal, red-blooded male and so even being tortured as I was, I could not stop myself from growing hard even in his rough palm. 

"Mmmmm." The moan of ecstasy told me that pink girl had orgasmed, which gave me hope that perhaps they were finished with me. But no such luck and I winced as the big man stepped behind me, rubbing his extremely long and hard dick against my crack.

"I'm going to enjoy ripping into your ass." His soft words tickled my ear and I felt myself grimace as I hardened even more. Why? I had no idea. It wasn't like I was interested in being anally abused by the man! Honest! The only thing I could hope was that the ordeal would be over quickly. I felt his finger probing where it definitely shouldn't be and grunted when he thrust it up into my anus, feeling around as if exploring.

"You're so tight, girl. I'm going to make you squeal so much." His voice in my ear made me struggle against my bonds, but they held, of course, and I was completely at his mercy. When he pressed the tip of his dick into my rosebud, I grinded my teeth in anger. How could he do this to me? How could he violate me without asking at least first? I gave it no thought that I had done the same to the twins. That was the last thing on my mind at that point, in fact. I shuddered when he began to push harder, feeling skin rip. The big man began to grind, moaning in my ear, pushing in and out as he went deeper each time and I shuddered each time he did as it felt as if my insides were tearing into tiny pieces. 

"Oh yeah, that's it!" Pink girl grinned from the couch, rubbing herself once more as she watched. It was obvious that she was enjoying my agony and I attempted to wipe my face clean of all emotion and just wait it out. But the man wasn't going to settle for that and he reached around and began to stroke me, tugging each time he thrust into my ass. As he pressed against my prostate, I began to feel pleasure mixed in with the pain, which really annoyed me. I did not want to enjoy this! 

I heard his orgasm before feeling it as hot liquid shot up into my nearly full rectum and I groaned as he squeezed me harder, my world slowly growing red and then exploding after as I moaned in the throes of my own orgasmic pleasure. It sickened me to enjoy what I had endured, yet I felt as if I could go for more. The image of Vanessa's beautiful face snapped me back to reality and I sighed in relief when he began to grow limp inside of me. Finally with a final tug on my own sensitive and flaccid member, he pulled out of me, leaving a mess of blood and semen to slowly ooze out and down the back of my legs.

"You were mighty good. I'll look forward to doing that again soon." Kline whispered in my ear as he smacked my left butt cheek and went over to kiss the girl. 

"That was great! I loved watching that." She gushed at him as he sat beside her, stroking his dick lightly while eyeing me with a sultry gaze. I cringed when she pushed against his shoulder and suggested, "Let's have some fun with him before sending him back to work!" I could not help but wonder what was planned in her tiny brain but soon I would find out as she pressed a button and the bonds around my hands and feet opened, releasing me. I fell to the pink carpet, completely taken by surprise at the action.

"You are as wretched as a dog. You will stay on your hands and knees and be my dog, you cursed dog." I had not seen Pink girl's hand move as she prepared the curse until I heard her words and saw/heard her release the curse and so on my hands and knees I went, unwilling to let them know I was not phased by it. I would not tip that hand just yet. 

"Kiss my feet, dog." Kline grinned at me, pointing to his foot that he held out to me. I crawled forward, unsure of what would happen if I didn't and pressed my lips to the top of his foot swiftly. I took a moment as I did to take in the layout of the room, while they laughed and patted me on the head as if I were their pet. Nearby was a dressing table and I could see items on the top. I wondered if I could use any to my benefit and began to turn to it when I felt the big man's foot come against my ribs. 

"Uhh!" The air was dispelled from my lungs as his vicious kick sent me flying, but fortunately for me, it was in the direction of the table. I reached up and grasped the hand mirror, pulling it down with me as I did. I was glad they were busy kissing as it gave me a moment to examine the object. I grinned at the tapered end, placing it near me. It was time to act.

Without hesitation I grasped the small metal stool that was used for the dressing table and brought it down as hard as I could against the big man's neck, pressing him into unconsciousness. I grasped the mirror and began to approach pink girl, who began to desperately weave a curse.

"You cannot move, so grounded in the earth you are!" When she released her curse and nothing happened, I laughed at her without mirth. Her eyes grew wide in shock at the ineffectiveness and began to scramble backwards in an attempt to escape. But it did her no good and she soon had the tapered end of the mirror thrust into her head, ending her life.

For the big man, I had different plans. I pulled his big bulk over to the bonds and began to tie him up. Once I had his hands and feet locked in, I went to the big mirror on the dressing table and smashed it using the stool. Picking up a large shard of glass from the mirror, I returned to the stocks where the man was now coming around and pushed myself to my knees before him. His shock at seeing himself in bonds moved to a smile as he saw me in the position I was in. When his dick began to harden, it was just what I had been waiting for and I grasped his left testicle tightly, bringing the sharp edge of the mirror shard down quickly. It wasn't that I didn't want to bring him pain, because I did, I just felt as if I were exposed and any second the room would be filled with Cursers after me. 

His screams were quite loud, but I hoped that the guards were used to hearing such and I moved quickly to cut his right testicle, ignoring any curses he sent my way of the verbally abusive kind. As he hung against the poles, bleeding and moaning in pain, I spat on him once more and went to the small dresser near the door, changing into the first non-pink set of clothing I could find that would work for getting me freed and wouldn't make me stand out in a crowd of Cursers.

Once changed, I went to the window, which turned out to be a balcony that looked down upon a small garden-like courtyard. I found a trellis and climbed down as carefully as I could, body aching from the pain I had just endured. The darkness that Surface City was perpetually cloaked within helped me as I ran through the gate into the streets, walking slowly with my head down as if I were a drunken Curser on my way home. I made sure to weave some, but from the pain radiating from my lower half, it was not hard to imitate. I could practically taste freedom when I hijacked an empty hovercar, ironically it was pink colored inside and out, and began to make my way to the outer reaches. I was so desperate to see Vanessa and Alera that the emotion surprised me. I was that hooked on the two of them that it would motivate me? Nothing like that had happened before. I had changed.

As I exited the city, I sighed in relief as I saw it was night time. The cover was welcomed as I putted through the barrenness that was beyond the city. I was not sure where to go exactly, but figured where the general location was to be, which would get me there eventually. I pushed the car as much as possible as I was eager to taste Vanessa's sweet lips once more. But I had to swerve aside when car after car passed me in coming. There was no mistaking the red glow of each set of eyes that passed me as they returned to Surface City. There were so many cars that it left zero doubt they were returning from attacking the settlement. The humans had defenses like fire and stunners, but against the sheer number of Cursers that continually passed me, I was without a doubt they had to have been overcome.

I knew someone in Sky City had broken down and told the location. They had betrayed us. But I did not blame them, because I knew I probably would not have lasted either had I not had the connection to Vanessa and Alera as I did. Leo would have been putty in their foul hands. I cut my way into the parade, intent on following. If they had my daughter, it was now up to me to find her and free her. They'd never use her. Never! My heart began to restrict once I re-entered Surface City. It was the last place I had ever wanted to return, especially after what had just happened to me, but I had no choice. I had to make sure Vanessa and Alera had not been captured. They would not treat them well.

Once we entered into a deeper part of the city, I knew we were getting close to the main headquarters of the ruling class of Cursers. From word on the street when I was without my powers, I knew the leaders to be a male and a female. They kept to themselves and ruled with an iron thumb. They were both Level 4 Cursers of course, but had learned how to work together well enough they could almost finish each other's curses. Powerful stuff.

Upon entering into the main compound, I kept my eyes down so that no one saw the distinct lack of red; I knew I could not keep it up without being caught. I had to figure a way to get to Vanessa and Alera. If they were even here, of course. I sighed softly at my bruised balls. I had quite some brass ones for entering like I was doing. I was risking my life as I knew that if they found me, they'd try to curse me and that'd be it. They'd know who I was and I would never be allowed to remain alive. I was possibly their worst enemy right now and they knew it. I alone could stop them from destroying everything they touched simply because I was unaffected by their curses and if I had to distance myself from Vanessa, I could. I doubted that Vanessa could do the same, so that made me the only one who could do this.

Keeping my head down, I made my way through halls, ducking for cover whenever I saw someone coming my way. I had to incapacitate one who had seen my eyes, risking it all. He went down easily once I had confiscated a stunner from one of the many depots along the halls. I continued to stun my way through whenever I got to the place where they apparently held their prisoners. It was a cell block with clear doors so I could easily see who was inside. The moment I came across the first occupied cell, I looked inside and winced to see a beaten male, face hardly humanoid due to the punishment he had been put through. His hands were chained to the wall and when I entered since they were so cocky they did not need locks on the outside, only from the inside, I made haste in releasing him because once he had opened his eyes, I saw the white glow. I needed every distraction I could find. Having a bunch of Blesser prisoners running amok was perfect.

"Aareeeeeeeaaaeee?" The man attempted a few times to say but I just could not understand what he was trying to tell me. 

"Can you speak slowly? Did they drug you?" I shook my head in confusion, not sure how to help the man. The moment he opened his mouth, thrusting out what used to be his tongue, I understood and blanched. What better way to silence a Blesser than to remove his tongue? Feeling as if I were going to vomit, I pushed him out of the cell to show him he was free, but mostly to distract myself from the wound he had presented to me. It made me near physically ill that someone would be so cruel to do such a thing, but then I realized I had done something similar to big boy back at Mistress Pink's place. Was the universe trying to get some sort of karma on me? Whatever it was, I was sick of it!

I went to the next cell and my heart dropped to my feet when I saw a naked, beaten female inside. Her white-ringed eyes opened and I nearly let out a yell of anger and pain when I recognized it to be Lara. They had cut off her hair so short that she was near bald and by the bloodstains on the corners of her mouth, I knew her tongue was gone as well. I pushed my way into her cell, coming to my senses, and once I freed her, I felt her body slump against mine. She tried to speak, but could not, of course, and finally ended up fainting in my arms. The male Blesser had begun to free the others, all beat-up and I handed Lara to one of the Blessers in slightly better shape. We freed some humans too, who were able to help free even more and carry the worst of the Blessers. 

I dashed around, desperately seeking a Blesser who was at least Level 3 without their tongue gone, but found not one. If I had just one, I could have had them heal the injured, although the tongues would never be replaced, they would be strong enough to fight with hands and stunners at least. When I entered into a large octagonal room, I saw a male prisoner inside, head down, half-naked body covered in blood. Sighing, I made to free him but realized his torturer was still there. The Curser looked at me in shock, completely taken by surprise by a human who was where he shouldn't be.

"Hey, what are you doing here? This is off-limits to minions, stupid!" He glowered angrily at me and I stunned him, watching a long, wicked-looking knife clang noisily as it fell to the tiled floor beside the fallen man. I bent down and retrieved the bloody weapon, sticking it in a loop of my pants for future emergencies. "I'm not a minion, stupid." I snapped back at the fallen Curser as I reached for the wrists of the imprisoned Blesser, ignoring him when he started to come around.

"Alex?" My head shot up at the use of my name, shocked to see the prisoner was Leo, his face beaten badly with many cuts and bruises covering it. Hey, he had his tongue! The Curser must not have had time to cut it out. I helped him down and wrapped his arm around me as he slumped over slightly upon being freed.

"Leo, I have some bad news and some worse news." I felt obligated to tell him what was happening, since he had a right to know. "You are probably the only Blesser in this prison with a tongue. The Cursers removed the rest of the Blesser prisoner's tongues." I heard him gasp and saw the look of shock and disgust in his eye. I had to continue. "Also, there's a good possibility that they have Alera – the Level 5." His face paled so much that I thought he was going to pass out, and I doubled my effort to keep him on his feet. "I'm going to rescue her now, but I'll need the Blessers to distract. Can you manage that?" I grimaced. How could he? He was in such poor shape! But he alone could use his power to help. "Can you heal yourself?" He nodded and I waited while he began to make the symbols in the air that would initiate the blessing. 

"By the power coursing through the simple act of air, the molecules caress my skin and make me whole." As he released the blessing, I watched as his wounds began to seal up and nodded once satisfied, releasing him so that he could make his own way to the center of the prison where the rest of the injured Blessers lay, weeping and clinging to each other like a bunch of children. I took pity upon them and cut them slack, erasing any mocking thoughts I had. I knew how it felt to lose something. I had lost so much myself one time, not long ago. I still lacked my powers and so I knew how they felt. It didn't make it any easier for Leo to tell them his plan - of how he was going to bring the prison quarters down to create a distraction so that I could rescue Alera.

I knew it was time when the last Blesser had been healed of their surface wounds and let Leo pull my arm into a clasped handshake. "Thanks, Alex." He stated calmly and then pulled me to him in a quick embrace. "I wish you success, brother. I don't have to tell you how important it is that you get the girl away from here. That is the most crucial thing you will ever have to do. They cannot get control of her or it'll be over." I nodded at his words, uncertain if he was trying to rally my courage or put fear into me to prod me forward. Either way, I gulped and began to make my way to the door that would lead me deeper into the complex. I spared one last look to see Leo's arms wrapped around Lara, tears streaming down both faces. With my heart in my throat and the image burned into my mind, I continued on.

I stunned as many guards as I saw, knocking the rest out whenever I saw they were attempting to curse me. I was uncertain if they were aware of me roaming the halls, but when the floor shook, I knew Leo had done his job. I just hoped they had all gotten out of the prison block and safely. I hid in a nook as scores of Cursers ran past me, heading to the prison area no doubt. So far, our plan had worked. Once it looked to be safe enough, I wove myself into a few twisting hallways to finally confront two very large Cursers. Unfortunately, they both had stunners. I studied them from around the corner before making my move. 

"Help!" I made my voice as high pitched as possible and called out to the guards. Just as I had hoped, one of the big lugs began to amble to me. I made quick work of him, slamming my gun down hard behind his ear and then, after grasping his stunner, I fired both guns into the second guard. Once he had fallen, I used one of the men's thumbs, sliced with the knife I had brought, to press against the control pad. The door slid open with a 'snik' and I entered into a very plushly decorated living quarters. I had reached the ruler's domain.

Lying in the middle of the room, on a heart-shaped bed decorated with black sheets, lay Vanessa. Her hands and feet were bound as well as a black silk gag tied around her mouth and she was naked. I dropped both guns, (which probably wasn't a very smart thing to do), and dashed to her side. I began to untie her, dropping the gag first. 

"N-no Alex! You have to leave. It's a trap! They know you are here." She had bruises on her face which told me they had not treated her kindly, of course. I shook my head. It didn't matter; I had to free her. I pulled her off of the bed once untied and held her, rubbing her back with my hands gently. 

"I love you, Vanessa." I told her, understanding what it meant finally. I'd put my life on the line to save her. I'd never let anyone hurt her again, if it was in my power to do so. I could not live without her by my side.

"Touching. Oh, so very touching." A cruel feminine voice called out and I turned to watch a male and female, dressed in matching black pajamas, enter into the room with us. In the woman's arm rested Alera. I felt my body tense, as if prepared to spring, my focus on the toddler. She seemed to be sleeping and I felt a growl begin to form in my throat.
