 "Let Alex and I fuck one last time?" 

Vanessa's words were coy, teasing and spoken with a smile. I snapped my head to look at her with an incredulous expression on my face. How could she possibly want to have sex at that point? Did she really think I could enjoy myself knowing the weight of the world hung over our heads, poised to fall and crush us at any moment? I caught the glimmer of warning in her eye and it dawned upon me what she was planning. The couple laughed together and kissed briefly, going to the couch nearby and gently deposited the sleeping Alera there. They approached the bed and undressed each other slowly. I kept my eyes on Vanessa. Had she meant them to join us? Was that part of the plan?

They stood near the bed and pointed to it.

"As you wish. Enjoy. But do not take too long." 

The man stared at me and commented snidely, "He does not look like he could hold his wad long anyway." I ignored the barb and turned to Vanessa, alarmed when her hands reached for my black shirt. I couldn't do this! I could not! But I had to. My hands shook as I lifted my arms so that she could pull the shirt off of me. When she undid the black pants and slid them down, I heard a soft gasp escape from her lips. I looked down and realized I still had dried blood and semen trailing down my legs from my earlier encounter with big guy. 

"What happened?" She whispered with concern and I shook my head, not wanting to talk about it; especially if I was supposed to have sex with her now. She nodded and then pulled my half-limp dick into her mouth, sucking gently and then adding force as she swirled her tongue around the base, sliding it up and down. It did not take long for me to become completely engorged and ready for her. She turned over, lifting her butt up on hands and knees and I began to stroke her presented pussy gently in an attempt to arouse her too. Soon she began to moisten and I tried to block out the fact that the Cursers were stroking each other as they watched me pleasure Vanessa.

"I'm ready, Alex. Just remember that I love you." Vanessa stated over her shoulder and I sighed. So this was how it was to end? I supposed that if I had to die, dying in the throes of passion would be the way to go, so I pushed myself into her gently, pulling out slightly and then in deeper. I pulled out almost all the way and then thrust until her pubic hairiness was touching my balls. I sighed in bliss as I slid in and out, harder and harder until I was pounding her, my balls slapping against her clit each time. It felt so good, but I knew I had to wait. 

"Now now now!" I heard her gasp and watched as she slid a hand out to the coupled duo near us. The man had slung the woman's legs over his shoulders and was pumping into her just as hard as I was pumping Vanessa's twat. I hate to admit it, but the image was erotic and only helped me reach my orgasm as quickly as desired. The woman eagerly took Vanessa's hand, unknowingly linking the four of us together as we all orgasmed in perfect harmony.

This time, the pain was intense enough that no sound was able to escape my lungs. It felt as if I were being turned inside out and I begged for death. Mercifully, I blacked out shortly after with a gasp and final sigh.

*******************

"Uggghhh." I groaned as I let my eyes flutter open. I was alive still? Interesting. I did not feel alive, yet I suppose the pain proved I was. Every cell in my body was screaming from what I had just endured. I felt as if I had just run miles and miles, my body shook with the effort of even just breathing. I managed to drag myself to my knees and looked around me. I had launched myself near the door from the intensity. Having two other Cursers with full Level 4 powers linked during such had nearly killed me. I was truly amazed I had survived. I climbed to my feet and staggered to where my clothes were. Once I had dressed, I knelt beside Vanessa, who had somehow remained in the bed during our orgasmic blast. She was not breathing and I groaned, pressing my head against her chest. I could not hear a heartbeat or if it existed, it was incredibly faint. 

I looked at the Level 4 couple but was unwilling to touch them. I pulled the sheet over their body and put one of their Pajama tops over Vanessa's body to cover her nakedness. Going to the couch where Alera lie, I scooped her into my arms, cradling her to my chest. It would be just she and I now. I made her a silent promise to never let this happen again as long as I were alive. 

I spared one last look at the woman I had loved and whispered, "I'll always love you."

I was going to leave, but something stopped me; it was the wisp of a memory Vanessa had told me upon our reunion. She had told me that the life inside of her had not let her die. Curious to try something, I brought Alera to her mother and placed her on the bed next to the paling woman's body. I reached out and laced her black hand tightly within my white one. Already the woman was starting to cool and I looked at the little one lying next to her mother, touching her chubby cheek gently.

"Alera?" I queried gently, shaking her slightly. The little girl's eyes opened revealing green and gold. I helped her sit up and she looked at her mother with a curious stare.

"Mama?" She touched Vanessa's cheek; the flame hair we shared was sticking up in places, but to me she looked perfect. "Mama?" She prodded again and looked to me in confusion.

"Tell your mama you want her to breathe. Make her breathe, Alera." I told her softly, stroking her hair as I said the words.

"Mama breathe." The very second Alera made her request, Vanessa took a large gasp, sitting up as if she had just had a nightmare. Breathing as if she could not get enough oxygen into her lungs, the ebony-skinned woman's eyes were wide and full of fear. I put my arm around both, pulling them to my chest with tears in my eyes. It had worked!

"We need to get out of here." I told Vanessa, watching the woman stroke Alera's cheek lovingly while squeezing my hand. She nodded at me and then waited for me to scoop Alera into my arms so that she could dress. As we were just about to step out, one of the Level 4 curser leaders began to stir. 

"No!" The male snapped in fury and fear as he saw the three of us holding hands and each other. I was about to locate one of the stunner guns I had brought in, but Vanessa stopped me. 

"Let me handle this." I shrugged, uncertain of what she had planned, but I spoke a blessing for myself as she cursed them both. As I finished up the blessing that would heal my anal injuries, I heard her curse them, "You and your woman's lungs are cursed. They no longer work. What a shame." I buried Alera's face into my chest so that she did not have to watch the Curser male as he suddenly was unable to breathe. His mate was already dead, so it did nothing to affect her. Only him. We left the Curser man suffocating and made our way easily out of the city. With Alera giving us power, nothing could stop us.

In an unnoticeable hovercar, Alera sitting on Vanessa's lap playing a game with their hands, I steered us onto the filthy Surface City streets, navigating to the exit slowly to not alert anyone to our escaping presence. And it looked as if we were going to escape without any further delay – until a large armor-plated vehicle-like behemoth slammed into our small car. All I heard was Vanessa screaming as my head slammed against the dash of the hover car. 

When I came to, I was quite a few feet away from the twisted wreckage that used to be the hover car. Alarmed for the safety of my woman and little girl, I began to climb to my feet. I felt an odd sensation at the tip of my temple and reached up to feel something wet and sticky there. Bringing my hand down, I saw it was covered in blood and grimaced. The pain was a dull throb and it was giving me a slight headache.

"The air surrounding me is comforting. It heals and closes my wounds, making me feel better," I blessed myself almost automatically and then remembered that I could not. Not without my link with Vanessa and Alera. I stumbled a step or two toward the crashed car and stopped, wavering slightly when I noticed a tall figure barring my way. I saw the red glow of his eyes and became instantly aware that I was up against a Curser – probably the very one who had rammed us with his monster of a vehicle. 

"Hello Alex." The man's voice was deep, full of confidence and it took me a moment to size up my new opponent. The man's skin was blacker than Vanessa's and he had braided rows of hair that hung loosely around his shoulders. I could see muscles straining against his black shirt – this man was a force to reckon with even without his Curser power. 

"Uh, yeah, hi." I glanced around me, eyes searching for a weapon of sorts so that I could be on even ground. I knew I had to move fast, because once he began to curse me and saw it had no affect, he'd be moved to physical violence. As I reached my hand out to grasp a broken piece of concrete that I could at least use to break against his head, I heard him begin to curse, hands moving in rhythm telling me he was probably a Level 3. 

"You cannot move. Your limbs simply refuse to cooperate. You are frozen, all muscles locked." His curse was hurled as I began to run to him, prepared to bash him senseless so I could retrieve Vanessa and Alera and get the hell out of town. 

"Ennghh?" I froze. I don't know how it happened, but I could not move even my pinky finger! I struggled and strained, wondering if my near-death experience after having sex with Vanessa had weakened me so much that my muscles had suddenly given out. No, it was too much of a coincidence that the Curser had cursed me with the same ailment. Just a coincidence! 

"Don't like that much, do you?" The deep-voiced man grinned as he spoke, his pearls of teeth glittering in the street light that bathed us in its glow. He stepped closer to me, the smile never leaving his dark face. I continued to fight myself, but my body was simply unresponsive. It was driving me insane! I had no idea what happened to me and my mind was racing at the possibilities. Thoughts of some new hi-tech gadget came to mind, but I knew the Cursers were too lazy to create anything like that. Had they stolen it from the Blessers perhaps? 

"Ggnnnnnn." I managed to coax my vocal cords to state something, which encouraged me. But I cringed when the big man stepped up to me so that he was looking down at me slightly. I hated the way he towered over me. It made me feel weak. 

"I want to give you my name. I want you to know the name of the one who brought your death today." His smile slipped into a line as he prepared to end me. I knew with my muscles locked like they were, I couldn't fight back. It wasn't fair! "My name is Viktor." He crossed his arms and glared down at me. "You took my intended. You stole her from me. I shall make you suffer for that." He leered down at me. "Vanessa was to be my mate." If I could have gulped, I would. This Viktor fellow had every right to be angry at me, but it wasn't as if I had known. Twice I had stolen her from someone. I knew with my record of karma- that was bad. Would this man steal her from me now? Ending my life would probably do the trick.

"Let's see. What horrendous torture can I offer you to make your passing into the next life more painful?" Viktor pondered a few seconds and if I could have spoken, I would have told him to just get it over with. I had had enough torture for three lifetimes! The glowering grin that formed on his face made me nervous. Really, really nervous. He lifted his hand and began to make the symbols for a curse. 

"Your left foot is in pain, Alex. It feels as if the skin is being flayed from the bone." When he released the curse, his hand waving in the air, I immediately felt a terrible gut-wracking pain – in my left foot! Oh how it hurt! And with my muscles still locked, I could not do anything except whimper in complete agony. Even breathing was a chore with me held like I was. I could feel myself pant and a warm tear trickled a path down my face from the corner of my eye. I felt humiliated for crying like a little child, but it was the only way my body could expel the agony that it was undergoing. 

"Oh, this is fun. I wish Vanessa were conscious to see this!" He practically clapped his hands together, obviously enjoying my suffering greatly. "And don't worry, little prick of a man, I will treat Vanessa the right way – the way a woman deserves to be treated: all of me, all of the time." The promise in his voice and smile sent shivers down my spine. Was he even aware that Alera was a Level 5? I had no doubt that Vanessa with Alera's help could hopefully rid the world of the man, but would she? Did she know him? Would she be fooled into thinking that perhaps I had fled her, leaving Viktor behind to pick up the pieces? I had no doubt the man would lie to get his way – it was the Curser way.

"Your left ankle is breaking. The bones are shattering. Can you feel the pain? It is great!" Viktor was not finished with me and when his next curse was released, I nearly blacked out from the torturous pain. In fact, I think I did fade to unconsciousness, but when I felt a hand slap me across my cheek, the sting woke me, bringing me back to the realization that he was working his way up my body. This was going to be a long and painful process! How much more could I handle? How much could my body take before it gave out physically? I suppose I had no choice but to wait and find out.

"Yes, I will give Vanessa the fucking she deserves. And often. You know once she has me, you'll be just a memory." I could tell Viktor was thoroughly enjoying himself and I nearly choked when he dropped his pants to reveal the largest cock I had ever seen in my life. Figures. Did EVERYONE have a larger dick than me? Sighing, I hoped he was gentle with Vanessa at least. She did not deserve to be mistreated by the man. She was a good woman, despite being a Curser and a great mother to my daughter. At the thought of Alera being in the man's possession, I began to shudder slightly, as much as I could do under the circumstances. 

"Ppppppphhhh." I formed a few insults I had picked up from Dog, but of course, I could not say them. Viktor must have misunderstood my intent as he began to go down a different path.

"How can my curses work on you? Is that what you ask?" He took a moment to stroke his elongating cock, wrapping two meaty paws around it and still not able to contain the monster. "I may be a Level 3, but I have always been more powerful than Level 4's. I had bumped into Vanessa after she had had her little encounter with you. She let me get close to her and told me her story of how you had fucked and nearly had killed her, leaving her without the ability to curse any longer as well as curses not working on her. I took great interest in this, but she ran when I had cursed her. She had no idea that it had been my curse that had hurt her, but it confirmed my suspicions – you both are not immune to my special curses. And with that, I shall have so much fun." He grinned maliciously. "And when your daughter is of age, I shall make her my mate as well. It won't be bad to have two: mother and daughter. It'll be fun." 

I practically saw red when he said the last thing to me. I began to fight so hard, ignoring the new wave of pain it brought my ankle and foot as I fought the invisible bindings that held me in place. I was surprised I hadn't fallen over, but the curse was so powerful that my muscles had locked me in place. Would he continue? If my leg was busted, could the muscles still hold me up? I had to get free! I couldn't let the man do the things he said he would do to my family! But how? I was as weak and helpless as a baby.

"Ohh yeah... mmmmm..." Viktor continued to beat off, building up to release. I knew he was aiming at me with the rod. I knew he would further serve to humiliate me by squirting his jizz all over me and from the looks of his ball sack, it would be quite a bit. I thought perhaps it would be better for him to break my body instead of squirt his junk on me. I was so incensed, so angry, so humiliated that if I had been released I would have killed the man with my bare hands. 

"Motherfucker!" The voice from behind Viktor was recognizable and I would have let out a cry of dismay if I had had muscles to do so when I saw Dog charging toward us both. No! I couldn't stand to lose Dog too! But I blinked in surprise when Dog leaped up and grasped the man's hardened dick in his mouth, teeth tearing into the meaty portion easily. Viktor let out a strangled cry and would have cursed Dog, but from practically nowhere dogs of all shapes, colors and sizes began to flood the area around the big man. I could hear nothing from him as a large and scruffy beast had attached itself to his vocal chords, effectively silencing any curses he would say. 

I knew the Curser was in trouble as his body was completely covered in biting, snarling animals, even a cat or two thrown into the fray, scratching at his eyes and face mercilessly. As soon as his life was done, his curse was released and I felt myself fall to the hard cement beneath me, taking the wind out of my sails as it did. I sat up quickly, grasping my ankle in agony. I had to endure Dog's incessant bragging as I used him to help me stand. He remained still as I pushed myself up, but complained noisily as I did since it brought him a little discomfort.

"Thanks Dog." I told the mutt as he let me limp to the smashed and mangled car. But the torn seats were empty. Alarmed, I began to walk to the big metal beast, staggering to a halt when I saw the thick door opening upward. Vanessa stood at the portal of the door, staring past me in horror as the dogs competed over bits that were left of Viktor. I smiled at my woman, grateful she was all right and she frowned when she saw my head wound that I had forgotten all about. 

"Are you all right?" She asked as she slid her arm around me to help me limp into the monolithic vehicle. I nodded and then patted my leg to summon Dog to me. The vehicle was well stocked and perfect for a trip outside of the city. I would use it.

"Dog stay." 

"What? Why?" I felt a sadness that I had no right to feel at his words. 

"Dog stay. Find friends." I understood then, looking past him and seeing a handful of dogs still remaining. The rest had dispersed, taking Viktor's bones with them to gnaw on later. I limped back to the mutt and wrapped my arms around his shaggy neck.

"Dog my friend." I mumbled into his neck, giving him my farewell. I patted his head and watched him prance away, affectionately licking the face of a brindle-colored bitch as he did. He had found a mate and it made me happy to see it. But I could not help but worry about him. Living in Surface City couldn't be easy for a dog of any kind, much less a talking one. 

"Take care, Dog." I called out to him, smiling as I did.

"Suck it, Alex." I knew he meant well with his words and laughed slightly as I eased into the driver's seat; I would take time to bless-heal myself later, once we were out of the city. The motor purred like a cat's throat and it wasn't long before we were making our way slowly down the unevenly paved road – heading to the outer rim of the city and then, finally, out of the main gate. 

I was not going to return us to the human village where we had enjoyed ourselves for the short amount of time we were there; no, that would be too dangerous for the humans. I had to take us somewhere just the three of us could live without any interference. I could not risk having Alera exposed again. The next time, I knew someone even worse could find her. I could risk that happening again, and so we made our way to a huge mountain range far away from any civilization. 
