 I sat at the booth, sipping my Diet Coke through a straw. The restaurant was fairly busy on a Friday night in the early evening hours. As expected, tonight's crowd seemed mostly composed of young couples, glad to be done with their workweeks and eager to unwind for the weekend. I myself had come unaccompanied. My attention was focused on one couple in particular.

Across the way, they sat at a small table laden with drinks and appetizers. An attractive pair, I thought-a pair that one might expect to be seen together. She looked to be in her late 20s, svelte, with radiant copper hair that cascaded down around her shoulders. I had selected the hair color myself for this occasion, from among several different configurations at the lab. She wore a tight beige button-up sweater, with the top few buttons strategically unbuttoned, over a low-cut white cotton shirt that exposed the tops of her amble bosom. Her long, lithe legs were clad with white tights. Her tight little bottom was sheathed within a short suede skirt, forest green. Her pixie nose wrinkled adorably and her eyes sparkled as she giggled at the man sitting across from her.

He reached across the table and took one of her hands in hers, obviously enthralled by her beauty. Even while he sat, anyone could see that he was a tall man, strongly built with broad shoulders and a square jaw. Sandy blonde hair, perfectly coiffed, sprouted from atop his broad forehead. He looked more mature than his companion, but not by much. His sharp tan suit pegged him as a professional of some sort-perhaps an affluent executive at some large corporation. He was the kind of man with whom I imagined most women would long to be.

This evening, he was with Unit M.L.E.A., though he did not know her as such. To him, she was simply Amelia, a woman whom he had met just days earlier. He had hit it off quickly with her, and tonight was their first date. I had never spoken to the man, and as he conversed with Amelia in animated fashion, he remained oblivious to my observation. His rapt attention centered completely on her.

This was exactly as I had hoped it to be. The socialization experiment was proving to be a success. Amelia's partner was seemingly unaware that she could be anything other than what she appeared to be. No doubt, he hoped to take her back to his place tonight. I wished that I could be privy to the words that they spoke to each other with seductive smiles, but I was seated too far away, and the venue was far too noisy. No matter. Body language said enough to satisfy me that Amelia had passed the Turing test with flying colors.

Finishing the last of my drink, I took out my wallet and set a twenty-dollar bill on the table for the waitress. I stood and casually walked toward the table at which Amelia and her date were sitting. As I approached, she glanced momentarily away from her handsome suitor and at my face-just for an instant, so quickly that he could not have seen. As I caught her eye, I nodded slightly, and then proceeded to walk right past her table toward the men's room without turning my head. As I passed, I hear her lilting laughter as she flirted mercilessly with the blonde man, teasing him about his sexual advances.

When I reached the men's room, I opened the door and looked around. It was empty, as I had hoped. I waited for a few seconds until Amelia rounded the corner of the hallway I had just traversed, following covertly behind me. I ushered her quietly into the bathroom, glancing down the hall to ensure that nobody had seen her enter. We entered a stall. I closed and locked the door.

"You summoned me?" Amelia asked pleasantly.

"Yes," I responded. "How is your date going? Does he think you're real?"

"I am real, silly," Amelia responded playfully. "Just because I'm not one hundred percent organic like you doesn't make me any less real."

"Point well taken. Does he suspect anything?"

"Not that I can tell," Amelia shrugged. "I'm pretty sure he's not thinking of anything besides how he's going to get me into bed tonight. He's being pretty aggressive."

"Yeah, he looks like he's really into you. How are you dissuading him?"

"I told him that I'm a Mormon and that I don't have sex before marriage. I'm not sure that he's taking that as my final answer."

"Good for you. Remember, you are to attract but you are not to engage in sexual activity with him."

"I know," Amelia said, exasperated. "You don't have to keep telling me."

"You like this guy?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. Amelia didn't have true emotions, as far as anyone could tell, but she was programmed to simulate them. I briefly reflected on what it really meant to have true feelings, but dismissed the thought to concentrate on the present matter.

Amelia blushed a little, looking down at her feet. "Don's a great guy," she admitted. "He's nice, tall, good-looking, stable, and well-established in his career. Any girl would think he's a great catch." She hesitated a moment, then looked up at me seriously. "I think I'd really like to get to know him better."

"You've done well this evening, Amelia," I congratulated her, brushing aside her last statement without acknowledgement. "You passed the test." I paused for a moment to look at her. What a marvelous feat of engineering. I reached up and cupped a hand over one of her breasts. Amelia said nothing, but gazed at me with a neutral expression on her face. Under her sweater, her tit was firm and resilient. Through the cloth, I could feel her nipple begin to stiffen. Amelia remained silent and motionless. 

I unbuttoned her sweater, then, opening it up and peeling the shirt underneath up over her tits. The cloth strained against the burden for a moment, and then her fleshy globes tumbled out, bouncing downward as they were released from their confinement. Pink nipples arose from rosy areolas. I grasped her tits in my hands, squeezing. They felt so real.

But then, they were real, in a sense. Amelia's laboratory-grown flesh was as real as any woman's, even though that flesh overlaid a mechanically motivated carbon-fiber skeleton far stronger than bone. Blood coursed through the capillaries within that flesh, even though that blood was pumped and warmed artificially by a mechanical device within her chest. To most observers, Amelia's body was indistinguishable from that of a fully organic person. And now, it seemed proved that she could mimic the behaviors of a natural human being sufficiently well to fool even a prospective paramour, even if those behaviors were initiated by the electronic mind within her head-and distributed throughout various other parts of her body, to be more precise.

My cock had hardened in my jeans. She was so beautiful, so compliant. I had to have her. Don would need to wait.

"You are going to service me now, Amelia," I declared matter-of-factly, looking into her eyes. "Prepare my penis."

Amelia did not object. Wordlessly, she descended to her knees on the restroom floor. Her delicate fingers ascended to the crotch of my pants, gently unzipping the fly. My erection burst forth with such vigor that it almost slapped her in the face. She glanced at it for only a moment, the engorged glans inches away from her mouth, before grasping the shaft with one hand. She looked up at me submissively. I nodded my consent.

Responsively, obediently, she inserted my boner into her mouth and began to suck gently. Her mouth was soft and warm. She rested her hands on her thighs. Her head bobbed back and forth as she slurped on my dick. The suction was excellent. All the day's tension melted away in her mouth as I anticipated what was to come next.

"Very good, Amelia," I said after a minute. "I'm ready. Stand, now."

She rose and faced me, her lips still glistening with saliva.

"Assume a position in which you can receive my penis," I commanded.

She thought for a just a moment. She hiked her short suede skirt up around her waist. Standing on one leg, she lifted the other up and raised her heel to the level of her head while still facing me. Her gyroscopic balancers were impressive. With her hands, she braced herself against the walls of the bathroom stall. She looked into my eyes calmly, expectantly. "How's that?" she asked.

"Your flexibility is amazing," I confessed. Her white tights clung tightly to her pelvis, stretched taut by her acrobatics. "Tilt your hips forward a bit."

She did so, arching her back slightly so that her crotch was more frontally exposed to me. A damp spot over her genitals had already begun to spread over the cloth of her leggings, causing the soaked fabric to cling to her skin. She wore no panties underneath. The wetness had rendered the material of her hose translucent. Her plump labia were outlined in stark detail. I noted with pleasure that her pubic region was completely smooth and hairless.

"I see that you've already lubricated for me," I observed approvingly while grasping the seam of her hose at the wet spot. I tugged firmly to tear a hole open.

"I know that you like to get straight to business," Amelia replied quietly, looking deeply into my eyes as the fabric previously covering her bald pussy ripped open under the force that I applied.

"Good girl." I studied her genitalia. Though her labia majora were swollen and glistening with her fluids, the cleft between them was a fine slit. Her inner lips did not protrude, and her clitoris remained concealed. A rivulet of clear liquid trickled from between her pussy lips and traced down the leg upon which she balanced.

I ran a finger along the little stream emerging from her twat, up her leg to its source. I could hear Amelia's breathing becoming more hurried as I touched her smooth cunt. She was looking down at her crotch now, watching me touch her there.

I wriggled the moistened finger in between the swollen fleshy folds of her private parts. Her vulva gave way to the pressure and engulfed my digit eagerly to the first joint. "Oh!" I heard Amelia exclaim softly.

Expecting to find her vaginal orifice, I was surprised when the tip of my finger instead struck a hard barrier. "Of course," I remembered then, "the failsafe."

"Unit M.L.E.A.," I addressed her formally, the tip of my finger still wedged in between her pussy lips. Amelia's head snapped up to attention, eyes wide, pupils dilated, face expressionless. She seemed suddenly less human then. "Unlock," I commanded firmly.

Green lights located behind Amelia's pupils flashed three times in succession. I felt the barrier snap open. Unobstructed, I shoved my finger all the way into Amelia's wet cunt. Her blank expression instantly changed into a mixture of shock and profound gratitude, the humanity returned. Her brow furrowed and her mouth opened slightly as she panted. Her exposed breasts heaved. Her nipples stood erect. She looked at me with trepidation.

Amelia gasped as I wiggled my finger around in her cunt. "You've got a nice pussy, Amelia. Nice and tight and wet."

"Thanks," she replied breathlessly, half smiling. "It's all yours."

"Want me to fuck it?" I whispered, withdrawing my finger slowly and rooting it once again in her groin.

"Yes," she moaned softly.

"Ask politely," I teased.

"Please," she begged breathlessly. "Please fuck my pussy. I need to have your cock inside me."

"Well, since you asked nicely, I'll fuck you now, Amelia." She smiled brightly at that. I removed my finger and positioned the tip of my cock at her genital crevice. I rubbed my glans around her privates, enjoying the sensation of her hairless vulva on my penis. Eagerly, I wedged my cock head slightly between her glistening labia and slid it up and down just within her genital vestibule. I felt my glans press against her engorged clitoris with each upward motion. She moaned.

"Here we go, Amelia," I said. "Watch closely while I penetrate you."

She looked down intently at her crotch with the bulb of my erection parting her vulva. I placed my hands on her shoulders, her hands still bracing against the walls of the bathroom stall, her one leg still raised straight and high to allow me access to her vadge. Grasping Amelia's shoulders firmly, I thrust my hard boner up into her slippery cunt with one swift, sudden motion. My pubic bone smacked audibly against hers as I buried my cock to the hilt in Amelia's swollen privates.

She cried out in relief. "Ungh! Yes! Oh, that feels good!" she panted urgently, looking down at the rock hard penis that was embedded deep within her pussy.

Amelia's vagina grasped my shaft firmly. I stayed inside her for a moment without withdrawing, enjoying the wetness and warmth inside of her. I felt her pulse in her vaginal walls, her mechanical heart pumping the blood diligently into her pubic region in order to provide the friction that would enable me to climax.

Slowly and gently, at first, I began to slide in and out of her love-making canal. Amelia's sexual fluids coated my shaft, enabling me to fuck her easily. As I increased the speed of my thrusts, I felt the sequence of mechanical rings that surrounded her vagina contract and release rhythmically, as if to draw my hard member further inside. Her pussy was milking my cock. It felt sublime.

"A little tighter, now, Amelia," I directed as I rammed my dick like a piston in and out of her hungry cunt. I felt her fuck tunnel contract obediently, increasing the friction within her.

She momentarily turned her attention away from my furious hammering of her glistening genitals to look into my eyes submissively. "Is that good?" she asked between the soft whimpers that issued from her throat with each of my thrusts.

"Perfect!" I declared as I fucked her more rapidly. "I think I'm going to come soon, Amelia. I'm going to finish in your mouth, so get ready."

"Okay," Amelia responded breathlessly, watching my cock slam into her twat repetitively. Her bare vulva was stretched tightly around my plunging shaft. "Tell me when you're almost there."

The sloshing sound of fucking filled the bathroom stall, punctuated only by our heavy breathing and vocalizations. I felt my cock suddenly get harder, tenser, like a viper preparing to strike. The semen welled up within my testes.

"Now, Amelia!" I exclaimed urgently, whipping my erection out of her sopping gynoid vagina with a wet slurping noise. With deft agility, she dropped her previously raised foot to the floor and squatted down, head tilted upward and mouth open expectantly. Her eyes fixed on mine. Copulatory juices still dripped from her recently fucked sex socket onto the floor, forming a small puddle.

I shoved my dick all the way into her waiting mouth a split second before I exploded. Her lips pressed up firmly against my pubes and my scrotum as I grabbed the sides of Amelia's head for leverage and thrust my convulsing boner all the way to the back of her throat. White, creamy jizz shot down her esophagus and overflowed out of her mouth, dribbling down her chin. "Suck me hard!" I commanded. "Swallow it!"

Amelia complied with alacrity, sealing her lips around my shaft and sucking every last bit of semen out of my urethra. Her gulping was audible as she strained to consume every ounce of cum that shot in waves out of my dick and down her throat. As I felt her suction the last of the spooge out of my organ, I sighed with satisfaction.

Limp, then, I emerged from my reverie. Amelia was still squatting down with my flaccid penis in her mouth, waiting patiently for my next instruction. I pulled out of her mouth with a muted pop. She smiled up at me and licked a few last drops of my semen off of her chin under her bottom lip. 

"You are the best, Amelia. I am very satisfied with your performance today," I commended her. "You may dress now."

She stood, wordlessly replacing her boobs within her shirt and pulling her skirt back down over her ass. I considered for a moment as she made herself presentable. "One more thing, Unit M.L.E.A.," I directed. Her body stiffened at the formal instruction. "Lock."

Red lights flashed thrice behind her pupils while she paused, processing the order. An instant later, she returned to her dressing as though I had not said anything at all.

"What now?" Amelia asked when she had finished reorganizing her previously disheveled clothing.

"Now you can go back and finish your date with Don, Amelia," I allowed. "I think you might really care about him, and there's no question that he is completely enamored of you. Have fun, but remember the limits that I have imposed on you. He's probably wondering what's taken you so long. Better hurry back."

"Thanks! I really enjoy Don's company, and he's super cute," Amelia beamed.

"Make sure you let him know how you feel about him by giving him a passionate goodnight kiss," I recommended with a sly grin.