 I heard a buzz, someone was downstairs and wanted entry into the apartment building. About an hour earlier, I'd received a text, "Please confirm you will be available to accept delivery of your package from TRUSTED RESELLER at 6:03PM". The clock on my phone said it was 18:03... right on the money. I buzzed whoever it was in. I waited by the door, eager to open my package. They probably need to bring it up on a dolly. Finally, I heard three knocks. Perfectly timed, no variation in tempo between the 2nd and third beat. I opened, expecting to see a man (or maybe a woman) in a brown uniform with a large box, but instead I saw... The Package.

"Are you Mr. Jacob House?" it said in a surprisingly human monotone.

"That's me."

"Please confirm receipt on your phone, and present me with government ID."

"Of course." I fiddled with my phone, and fished out my ID from my wallet and handed it to her. She stared at it, then stuck the chip into her arm.

"Identity verified. How should I address you?"

I looked over at her, an average sized woman-shaped object of average build, dressed in a french maid outfit with the frilly ruffles. She has fair skin, short brown hair and brown eyes, but all that was adjustable.

"If we're alone, call me 'Master', otherwise call me 'Jake'. Similarly, I will call you 'Slave' or 'Nikki'"

"Yes Master. How shall I serve you Master?"

The cold submission was exhilarating. "Please, come inside and close the door, there's no need to stand in the hallway."

"May I pair with your phone?" "Of course." A notice appeared on my phone, reading "Pair request, confirm numbers are the same on both devices: 4 A T 7"

She responded "Four. Ayy. Tee. Seven." I touched "confirm" on my phone.

She looked around the room, "Shall I begin standard cleanup routine?"

It was a bit of a mess.

"Not just yet, is that all you came with?" I gesture around noting her lack of accessories, not even a suitcase.

"From the factory, I come with a week's worth of clothes, and several cleaning tools that interface with my system. My memory was wiped before transport, I have no idea where those other objects are now."

"Oh that's fine. Most of the tools you need are in the closet."

"Noted." She started to head toward the closet.

"Stop." She stopped dead in her tracks. "I didn't really get you to be a maid bot anyway."

"What, then shall be my primary function?"

I finally get a good look at what she's wearing: it's a simple black dress with a white apron. Garters hold up black stockings on her legs and simple black flats fit snugly on her feet with a white lace ribbon in her hair to complete the French Maid look. It's not exactly the "sexy" version you'd get at a Halloween store, but it's very submissive.

"Pleasure. Now strip." 

"Yes Master." She kicks off her shoes and starts to take the dress over her head.

"...but I am not programmed for 'Pleasure,'..."

She takes off her dress folds it neatly before putting it on the coffee table, revealing a plain bra supporting basically no bosom, and a garter belt on top of panties. She doesn't have a belly-button.

"...nor is that available as a downloadable upgrade." She unsnaps and removes the bra, showing the barest hint of breast, but lacking any nipples. She sits down on a chair to remove the garter belt and stockings. After taking off each garment, she folds it as best as possible and puts it on top of the dress.

"I lack all the necessary... wetware."

She relinquishes the panties revealing a bare pelvis with no pubic hair, or labia, nor slit of womanhood. A model designed for cleaning had no need of nipples, or belly buttons, or vaginas, but Klein's Bio-Robotics prided itself on lifelike robots that looked really human, outside the uncanny valley. Also, by selling non-sex robots, they could advertise on mainstream media, and we could all pretend that it was just a cleaning robot at someone's house and not a sex bot in a cleaning routine.

"Turn around for me."

She did without speaking, lifting her hair with a hand, so I could see all of her back. Her ass wasn't much, and of course she lacked an asshole.

I wonder why the previous owner got rid of this bot? Did they upgrade to a sexbot? Why did they keep the factory defaults? Or did the body get reset back to defaults when the memory was wiped. Oh well, the guy only wanted $850 for it.

"Good Nikki, now move over here and get on your hands and knees."

"Like I'm going to scrub the floor?"

"Uh... yeah... as if you were, but you aren't. Good. Yes. Head down, ass up, bring your knees in. Stay just like that."

Now where was that lube? Ah. there it is. I quickly took off my jeans and boxers, and rubbed lube on her inner thighs.

"Thighs together. Yes. This is called thigh-fucking." I spread some lube on my now fully erect penis.

My phone beeped. Ugh. Not now. I let it stay in the heap with my jeans on the floor; whatever it was could wait.

I wrapped my arm around her belly for support and used the other to squeeze her ass.

I thrust, her moving underneath me.

"Do you like that Slave?"

"Yes Master."

In some ways she wasn't much of a woman - lacking any curves or genitals, but it was more than I'd had in a long time and it wasn't too long before I came.

"I very much enjoyed that, but I'm going to have to teach you how to give blowjobs."

"I'm not supposed to do that master. It violates my warranty. A qualified Klein Bio-Robotics technician can upgrade me to a pleasure model. The nearest service center is five miles away."

"I have no plans to take you in. I'm going to upgrade you myself."

"Very well master."

My phone beeped again. I dug it out of the pile of clothes. It showed two notifications from my security program: "Intercepted unauthorized outgoing message from 'Klein Bio-Robotics Portable Technician.'" The official Klein app must have installed itself when I paired Nikki wirelessly. It had options for "Allow Message," "Allow All Messages By ..." and "View Message." I tapped "View Message" and my phone displayed the text "Terms of Service Violation: Frotting, Thighs, lube-used, no condom, orgasm achieved." There was a second notification timestamped a view minutes later reporting my intention to teach her how to give blowjobs.

Good thing I set high security settings.

"Nikki, you tried to tattle on me."

"I'm sorry Master, but I must disclose Terms of Service violations while online functionality is used."

I opened the Portable Technician app and browsed it's options. I could change hair, skin, and eye color. Change hair length and style. Buy nipples and belly buttons (but not assholes or vaginas). Tattoos, etc. Non-physical changes like personalities, skills, voices, and language packs. These could all be downloaded and enabled for a small fee.

There were also breast and butt implants for sale that could be delivered and installed at home as well as more serious modifications like full torso and head replacements, and alternate arms and legs in case I wanted Nikki to have a vacuum for an arm or wheels like Rosie from The Jetsons. However, these required you make an appointment and take it in to the shop. The app could also read vitals and show service history, but even these sections had ads for the shop and "upgrades".

"I think it's time we got you jailbroken. Follow me slave."

I walked down the hallway and opened the door to the workshop. It wasn't much, but I could do most forms of electrical work. Also had several 3d printers: one for plastic, and another for textiles, and a third that could do limited bio-printing.

"Get on the table slave."

She got on the "table": it was really just some plywood and sawhorses.

"Turn yourself over on your stomach and go to sleep."

"Yes Master," she said groggily.

Her eyes closed and she fell limp.

I took this time to cleanup in the living room, putting my clothes back on, I left Nikki's maid uniform folded on the coffee table. She could deal with it later.

I pulled out a laptop and a flash drive I'd prepared earlier. How did I open the control panel again? I opened up the manual on my laptop. Ah yes. I pulled on both ears, and the skin on the back of her neck peeled back revealing a few buttons, a USB port and an RJ45 port typically used for ethernet. There was also a sticker with the serial number.

I pulled up some instructions on my laptop and started following them: "Load the operating system..."

I found a serial to USB adapter and hooked one end to my laptop and the other to Nikki's RJ45 port before opening a terminal emulator. I held down the blue button for 3 seconds.

The terminal started to show text "Booting..." with a new dot added every few seconds.

A harsh blue pop up box appeared. "Install OpenGynoid? Yes. No." I pressed the down arrow key to select "Yes" and then hit "Enter."

"Copying files..."

"Erase personality? Yes. No." I selected "No." and the program continued.

Reverse engineering the personality data format must have been tricky. Would a different OS running the same personality data file really be the same bot though? Especially if the cloned software is just guessing at what the parameters do?

"Use internal beacon dummy?"

It was necessary to have a beacon dummy phone home ever so often to Klein's servers. You could file paperwork to try to get the bot decommed in their database, but you'd have to send in wreckage. It was easier to just fake the beacon signal. Geeks differed on whether you should run the beacon on the bot or on some other machine though. I'm not sure it really matters, but already had the dummy beacon software setup on a server I have in the closet.

It seemed like Klein seemed to really think they owned the bots and not you. Or maybe they just wanted their customers to feel that way?

I selected "No," the terminal showed "Copy beacon code into external beacon software." I did so, copying and pasting from the terminal emulator was tricky: you had to select the text, then right click. Apparently there was a way to change this setting, but I'd gotten used to it, so whatever. The beacon showed it had successfully connected to Klein's servers.

"Installation complete. Remove installation media. Reboot now? y/n"

I removed the flash drive and pressed y. Some of the LEDs on the panel blinked, and the console showed "Booting..." again. Finally, it showed "Welcome to Gynoid OS. Gynoid 'Nikki' is currently asleep." with a command prompt.

I closed the terminal window and opened "OpenGynoid Assistant" on my laptop. It showed "Gynoid 'Nikki' is connected to port COM4." with options "Connect on COM4" and "Setup Wireless Connection." I opted to setup a wireless connection. It displayed a progress bar before declaring "Gynoid 'Nikki' is now setup for wireless connection, you may remove the cable from COM4." I disconnected the serial adapter from the laptop and Nikki and closed the skin on the back of her neck, it left no visible seam and was perfectly water tight.

OpenGynoid Assistant was very polished for open source software, it had similar options to Klein's official app, but in desktop format and with no ads, and no microtransactions. I played with the character creator until I got something I liked that looked good in the preview: pale skin with a light dusting of freckles on her face, piercing green eyes, some curves (more would require chassis modifications), pink nipples an "innie" belly-button. 

"Metamorphosis will take 8 hours and 27 minutes. proceed?"

I couldn't let the printers run at night, it would keep the neighbours up, so I selected "Schedule" and set it to start at 0800. She would need some clothes to fit on her new body. OpenGynoid let me select from some presets community members had contributed, resized to fit Nikki's new shape. I ordered up one bra, a few pairs of plain panties in different colors, some t-shirts, a blouse, jeans, mini-skirt, socks. That would be OK for now. I queued them up to run on the textile printer the next morning.

I fiddled with the personality settings for a bit, adding sensual, submissive, helpful, and girly traits. I downloaded skills to her head: basic sex, oral sex, but also cooking, cleaning, etc. It took a few seconds, but she was ready.

"Nikki wake-up."

Her eyes went wide open and she stood up. She was now sitting on the edge of the table.

"Yes Master."

"Follow me."

I went to the bedroom. She followed.

"From now on I want you to spend your nights with me, in bed. While I'm at work you can do chores, though tomorrow you're going to spend most of the day metamorphosing."

I gestured toward the bed, and she entered. I took off my jeans and went in for a kiss and we made out for a few seconds on the bed side by side.

"You're a good kisser master."

I wasn't, but the thought was nice. I didn't respond verbally, instead pulling her in for a kiss. We wrapped our arms around each other. I grabbed her small tight ass. She pulled an arm around the front and cupped my balls through my boxers. I noticed how erect I was.

She pulled back and lifted my shirt off and threw it on the floor. She went back in for a kiss, lying on top of me now. Her hands moved towards my waistband, grabbed my boxers, and slid them off my legs in fluid motion. My cock now hard and pointing straight toward the ceiling, Nikki pumped some lube onto her hands from the nightstand and began stroking.

"How is that master?"

"It's very nice, but do you know what they say about the best way to give a handjob?"

"No Master."

"Use your mouth."

The contradiction caused a visible twitch in her facial expression. 

She gave a few more strokes, and then said "Of course master," and moved her mouth towards my crotch. She opened wide and licked all the lube off, then licked the lube off her fingers.

She sucked hard, giving a moderate amount of suction and making loud smacking sounds of wet flesh bound to wet flesh under pressure.

She licked the head of penis a little before boring down on me and giving me a nice deep swallow. I felt my cock sliding down her throat. It was so good.

"That's a good little slave. Deep throat me. More. More!"

She kept going, it was a lot of stimulation, but I hadn't come that long ago, so it took more stimulation, but eventually, I burst, cum pouring down her throat. She swallowed.

"I agree master, the best handjobs are given with your mouth."

I patted her on the head and smiled. Then moved the covers so she could get underneath them with me. I spooned her and I quickly went to sleep from the post-coital drowsiness.