 Eve was bent over her kitchen counter with a sixteen inch cock buried in her drenched pussy. As her partner drilled into her with superhuman strength, her melon sized breasts bounced on the counter to the rhythm. She moaned as the monster cock pulled out to the tip and then speared her quickly with it's full length. Eve had no trouble taking the full length, as she was no ordinary woman. She was one of the cybernetically and surgically enhanced members of the Modified Escort Service.

The cock drilling her at that moment belonged to her fellow escort, Jason. With their enhanced stamina and strength the two had been going at it for nearly an hour now. Both had been on the edge of climax for fifty minutes and yet neither had given in. It was a game the escorts often played in their off hours, and both were playing to win.

Eve's own modified pussy had a few tricks hidden in it's folds. The escorts were essentially living sex toys, and her pussy could vibrate like a fleshlight at any setting she wanted. Jason's own cock also acted as a massive vibrator, with the industrial strength settings of a sybian if he chose. At fifty eight minutes and counting both were at their full settings and gritting their teeth as Jason pounded as fast as he could.

With the hour mark quickly approaching, Eve pulled out the dirtiest trick she had. She turned her head to face Jason and batted her thick eyelashes at him. Her eyes sparkled like emeralds in the sun and when she gave him her most seductive smokey eyed glance, she knew she had won.

Jason grunted one last time and stopped thrusting, Eve felt a rush of fluid fill her as Jason stood on his toes and pushed himself in as far as he could. With a contented sigh, he finally pulled out.

"Well don't leave me hanging, dear" Eve teased. She was still bent over the counter and had not cum with Jason. She was close and no longer resisting, but she needed some help getting over that edge.

Jason smiled and kneeled behind her. Soon she felt his tongue between her pussy lips and moaned. His tongue worked like a vibrator as well yet had the dexterity of a human tongue, and length superior to both. His tongue teased her clit before diving deep into her. She felt it slide against her g-spot and it was all over. Eve allowed the waves of pleasure to take hold of her at last and screamed as she came. Her inhuman orgasm lasted roughly a minute and a half and she wailed like a banshee the entire time.

When Eve finally came back down to earth, she heard slow clapping coming from the kitchen doorway.

"Niiiice," said a voice from behind her. "I'd say that was one of your longest yet. Surprised you didn't pass out while you were screaming, honestly."

Eve turned and saw her friend and fellow escort Denver leaning against the doorframe. Their androgynous features were sculpted to perfection. Even dressed casually in a tank top and jeans, Eve felt an urge to leap onto them and lick every inch of their brilliantly shining tanned skin from head to toe. The tank top managed to show off their brilliant eight pack and weighty breasts with it's tightness straining against both. The jeans were tight and clearly showed a bulge stretching the fabric around the crotch.

"Shame we don't have time for you to join us," Eve said, subconsciously licking her lips as Denver approached. They cupped her face in their hands and leaned in, brushing their lips against Eve's cheek.

"We have to get ready for our clients..." Denver murmured softly into Eve's ear. The way their husky voice vibrated had Eve's heart palpitating.

Jason, completely ignored in the corner of the room, was already pleasuring himself again in the corner just minutes after he had cum inside Eve. He sat sideways on a chair in the corner completely naked and stroking his now eighteen inch member. He liked keeping it at it's full length whenever possible to suit his own ego. He had no client tonight and so was free to lounge around masturbate as many times as he felt like, which meant as much as time would allow.

Eve sighed wistfully. "Fiiine," she moaned, and let Denver lead her off to their dressing rooms upstairs. Eve stood naked in front of a mirror and examined herself. She had some sculpting to do.

Her client tonight was a twenty year old rich girl named Sierra. She had just come out to her parents as a lesbian and buying her a drop dead gorgeous escort for the evening was their way of trying to be supportive apparently. Not exactly how Eve would have gone about it but the number of zeroes on their check meant she had no interest in judging them.

Based on what little she knew of the client, an awkward virgin college student with rich and embarassing parents, Eve decided how she wanted to approach her appearance for the night. She decided this girl's first time should be special and went for a bombshell approach rather than trying for subtlety. If the girl got nervous she had no problem taking the lead for the night.

Eve examined her features. Her brilliant emerald eyes shone brightly and she felt no need to change a single thing about them. She decided the tint of her hair should be platinum blonde. Best to play up her more glamorous side. With just a thought her hair changed it's shade. She also decided to make it wavy rather than it's usual straightness and lengthened it to appear like a waterfall down her back. She pinned it back with a single clip to keep it out of her face and left it.

Next, her breasts. If she was going for full dazzle then she should go big. She decided a D cup would be best and her breast expanded a full size to fit her desired size. She sculpted her waist into an hourglass figure that would only be possible with photoshop in an ordinary human.

Finally, Eve went to her closet to settle on an outfit for the evening. She decided on a red sequin dress to bring out her eyes. It was tight fitting and hugged every curve of her body. The skirt was short and clung to her ass. Just a hint of her behind slipped out when she bent over. Perfect. The neckline plunged and showed the thick line of her cleavage. Her perky breasts were fully supported and separated on their own so there was no need for a bra. She also felt no need for panties. Finally she wore six inch red stilettos to match her dress. The added height to her already tall frame emphasized her plump behind even more. Eve smirked and blew a kiss at her gorgeous reflection. This girl was in for a real treat if the night went well.

Eve stepped out of her dressing room to find Denver already waiting. They leaned against the wall in their usual "I'm a brooding, handsome sex god" pose that ladies fell head over heels for. They were dressed in a tuxedo tonight, and went for smaller breasts to emphasize their more masculine features. Denver never abandoned their femininity or masculinity completely, but they often leaned to one side or the other depending on the client and their own mood. Their hair was short and black at the moment with the front raised up like a rhinoceros horn. It was Eve's favorite hairstyle on them, and she showed it by licking her lips and batting her eyelashes at the sight of her.

Denver smirked and started walking. "Come on, babe. Gotta save yourself for the client. I know you wanna ride more dick but ya gotta get your head in the game."

Eve pouted playfully and followed behind. She watched Denver's ass the whole way to the garage where they parted ways. Eve picked a red convertible and drove off to meet her client. The plan was to have dinner at a five star Italian restaurant and then head to a hotel uptown where they would spend the night together. Eve hoped to use the dinner to get the girl more comfortable with being around a beautiful woman so she wouldn't be shy about what she wanted later.

Eve pulled up to the restaurant and saw the girl, Sierra, standing by the curb. She thought the girl would be inside already at their table and yet here she was, standing by the entrance looking like a teenager about to buy drugs. "Poor girl must be wracked with nerves" Eve thought as she pulled up. 

The valet took her car and got a good look at her pussy when Eve stepped out of the car. The poor boy was red as a beet as he took the car off. Eve grinned to herself and strutted over to the girl who hadn't noticed her yet.

"Sierra?" Eve said as she approached. The girl turned just in time to see a bombshell walking like a model on a runway toward her and her jaw dropped. Sierra herself wore a simple black dress with long sleeves and a hem that went to her knees. There was lace around the girl's chest with an intricate design, but that was the most complex thing about the whole outfit. She had her long, dark hair tied into a simple ponytail. The most striking thing about her were her glasses. They were stylish and gave the girl a bit of a hipster vibe. Eve couldn't help it, she thought the girl was cute. There was an innocence to her that she would relish claiming by the end of the night.

"U-Umm are y-you-" Sierra stammered as she took in the glamorous model that was hers for the night.

"Hello Sierra, my name is Eve and I'll be your date tonight, you lucky girl" Eve said as she took the girl's arm and giggled.

"N-Nice to meet you," Sierra stammered. She was beet red and looked as though she would pass out with such a beautiful girl hanging on her arm.

"Lead the way, dear" Eve whispered into her ear. There was practically steam coming from the girl's ears as she led Eve into the restaurant. All eyes were on the couple as they were seated in a private booth toward the back of the restaurant. A velvet red curtain was lowered to give them more privacy from prying eyes. A single candle in the center of the table illuminated the booth. As soon as the curtain closed it felt as though the rest of the world vanished and it was just the two of them. Alone. Together.

"So, Sierra, why don't you tell me a little about yourself?" Eve said before an awkward silence could descend upon the booth. "You're in college, yes? What are you studying?"

Sierra seemed to relax a little with Eve taking the initiative in starting a conversation. "I'm, um, I'm a history major." Sierra managed to say. Her voice was quiet. Eve would have to do something about that.

"Oh? Tell me a little about it. What's your specialty?" Eve asked, showing genuine interest and enthusiasm. Sierra's eyes lit up and she began. Before she knew it Eve was listening to a whole lecture on medieval France and the politics of the time. Most of it went completely over her head but she had to admit it was adorable seeing such a shy girl speaking so passionately about something. It was as though Sierra had become a different person entirely. So far things were going to plan.

Soon they were interrupted by a waiter. They ordered authentic italian dishes. Eve would settle for nothing less than their finest red wine while Sierra, being a twenty year old, ordered root beer. Eve smirked at this. She suspected that Sierra was the kind of girl who would have ordered root beer regardless of her age. Everything about this girl screamed "innocent nerd."

"Um, can I ask you something?" Sierra said.

"Of course," Eve replied. She was surprised that the girl was taking the lead in the conversation now, but nonetheless glad.

"You're one of those, um, enhanced escorts right?" Sierra asked, clearly nervous.

"Yes, I am." Eve answered, curious as to where this was going.

"I'm just curious," Sierra said, "how did you, um, become like that?"

This definitely surprised Eve. Most clients didn't want to know the details. They hated ruining the illusion that their escort was naturally born a bombshell. Sierra was certainly a unique girl.

"When I was young," Eve began, "I was feeling directionless and decided to apply for the program. Out of millions of applicants I was chosen, and after dozens of surgeries and gene therapy I was made into... this" Eve gestured at her figure. "I can change my appearance at will, and I have some... other benefits as well."

"Like...?" Sierra asked. Her eyes were riveted on Eve's cleavage though she didn't realize it.

Eve smiled and jutted her chest out a bit for the girl to get a better view. "Well, you'll find out later about all of that, dear." Eve took a sip of her wine and crossed her legs. She gave Sierra one of her patented smoky eyed looks and the girl blushed.

"I'm just curious, I guess. I don't really know what I'm doing with my life and I thought, well, you seem really cool. Like, really cool" Sierra said quickly. "I just, I kinda wanna be like you."

Eve's eyes went wide at this. People loved her body, but no one actually wanted to be like her. Become someone new every day and have your entire identity rewritten. This was completely new territory and she was a little shaken at this.

Eve put the wine glass down and patted her lips gently with a napkin. "I can recommend you for the program, if that's what you really want." Eve said. Why not? She quite liked this girl, and having a cute nerd around the escort's house would be greatly appreciated by them all.

Sierra let out a quick breathe of shock. "It is what I want" she said. "More than anything. I hate being like this. I hate being this awkward nerd all the time. I never fit in anywhere and my parents keep pressuring me to become someone I'm not and I just want to scream sometimes!" Before she knew it Sierra's eyes were watering. She blushed with embarrassment. Eve leaned in and stroked the tear forming in her eye, and cupped her face.

"I know how you feel," Eve said. That was the truth. While Eve had never been the type to be described as "cute nerd," she had been in a situation much like this girl before her new life had begun. She felt true heartbreak at this girl's plight and wanted to help her.

"How about this," Eve said in a soothing tone. "You and I cut this dinner short and I take you to a hotel. I'll give you the full experience, and then you can decide for yourself if you really want this."

Eve could feel Sierra's face flush bright red yet again. She held her hand to her face. "Okay," she said. With that, Eve stood and led her by the hand out of the restaurant. The bill had been paid in advance before they'd arrived, but Eve left a one hundred dollar tip with the wait staff for the trouble of preparing a meal they didn't finish.

Eve led Sierra to her convertible and opened the door for her at the passenger's seat like a true host and soon they were off to the hotel uptown. The entire ride, Sierra's eyes were riveted on Eve's figure. Her eyes undressing her from top to bottom. Eve felt a growing wetness in her groin at this and clenched her legs together tightly. "Hold it together until the hotel, girl" Eve thought to herself.

Soon the were at the hotel and Eve was escorting Sierra up to their room. Eve took the stairs ahead of her so the girl could watch her plump behind swaying. Sierra almost fell down the last flight of stairs.

The moment they were in the hotel room and the door had shut, Eve gripped Sierra tightly and slid her tongue down her throat. She was so wet she couldn't stand it a moment longer. A moment later she felt Sierra's left hand cupping her ass while her right fondled her breast. Despite it being her first time, Sierra was ravenous. Eve could tell she needed this. Needed to know what could be hers if wanted it.

Eve pushed her onto the bed and climbed on top of her. Her dress was riding up to show her moist pussy. Eve slid the dress up over her head and let her tits bounce freely as she straddled the girl. Sierra let her own dress ride up and kicked her shoes off. To Eve's surprise the girl was wearing a lacy black thong. Apparently she was more daring than she looked. 

Eve adjusted and slid the underwear down and off her partner in a practiced motion. She leaned in and whispered in Sierra's ear "pay close attention, sweetie. This is what you could be." Eve leaned back and pushed her pelvis against Sierra's. It looked as though they were about to scissor, but Eve had something a little different in mind.

With a hum, Eve's pussy began to vibrate against Sierra's gently. The girl moaned at the unexpected intensity of the sensation. Eve let the vibrations course through the girl and then began bucking her hips against her. Sierra squealed at this and Eve knew she was loving it. The girl was thrusting against her as well and it felt heavenly. After a minute of their moist groins kissing each other Eve turned up the strength of her vibrating pussy to industrial strength. She decided to go from one to one hundred percent to show the girl just what an enhanced escort could do.

"OH GOD FUCKING DAMMIT" Sierra screamed as she bucked frantically against the living sex toy that was her partner. Eve smiled at this and matched her pace. In moments Sierra came, and she came hard. Her fingers clenched the bedsheets and she arched her back and howled like a woman possessed. 

Eve allowed her a moment to catch her breath but that was it. Soon she was sitting on her face, and her own face was positioned near Sierra's soaked and tender pussy. She licked at the moisture teasingly as Sierra moaned. She had not yet recovered from the intense orgasm that had wracked her body and yet she was already being teased towards another.

Eve felt the girl bury her face into her pussy and decided to slip her own tongue inside as well. She felt Sierra moan around her pussy lips and Eve cried out softly at this. She had not cum yet, and she would not let Sierra have a moment's peace until they came together.

Eve stretched her tongue deep into the girl and used her fingers to tease her clit. She rubbed it back and forth and felt Sierra do the same to her. She was learning from her. God, this girl would make a fine escort.

Eve slipped her tongue in and out rapidly and felt the girl do the same after a moment and soon the two were climaxing together. Eve and Sierra's hands clenched each other as they both cried out in ecstasy. 

Eve collapsed on top of the girl and took a moment to catch her own breath. Sierra cuddled against her and buried her face in Eve's breasts. Eve traced a finger up and down the girl's arm gently and leaned into her ear. 

"I think I will be recommending you for the modified escort service if you still want it," she said.

Sierra pulled her face from Eve's breasts and looked into those beautiful emerald eyes. "I want this" she said softly. Eve smiled and kissed the adorable nerd with great passion, and soon they were sliding against each other again. Their fingers buried into each other's pussies as they fingered one another to yet another simultaneous climax. The night continued on like this with neither getting a moment's sleep.

-----

A month had passed and Eve had not seen Sierra since. She had recommended her for the program as she'd said, but had no idea if the girl had accepted or not. As escorts who did not handle the business side of things they weren't told much about who might be joining them in the home they shared together.

Eve was stretched out on the couch, relaxed in a flowery yellow dress. Her hair was back to it's regular straightness and her breasts were at a comfortable C cup. Despite not having the proportions of a porn star at the moment, this did nothing to dissuage Jason from sitting in the chair opposite her and beat off loudly.

"I'm trying to relax, you know" Eve said without even opening her eyes.

"Yeah," Jason grunted as he twisted the tip of his massive penis, "so am I."

Eve rolled her eyes and put her hands behind her head. Ordinarily she would tease him and try and make him cum too soon, but she didn't feel up to it at the moment. She couldn't get Sierra out of her head. She felt responsible for the girl in a way. The two had bonded in a way she never had with a client before. Did she regret the night they spent together? She could dig around for the girl's phone number and find out, but she didn't want to seem desperate. Oh god, she really liked this girl. She hadn't really admitted it but she loved the little nerd. If she didn't see her again she might die.
