 "My lady Chastity, how is it I've been here near a month and missed a beauty such as yourself?"

Moirin bowed low as she spoke, taking the other woman's pale hand into her dark one, laying a gentle kiss on it and turning her bright, gray eyes up to the mayor's beautiful, young daughter.

"Shall I play for you?" she asked, smiling wide, her small, slightly pointed teeth stark against her coal black skin. "I would love to see you dance."

Slowly Moirin stepped back, effortlessly spinning the other woman in a graceful pirouette. A deep flush spread across her face only making Moirin smile more and step close again, closer, pressing her dark lips against Chastity's ear to whisper softly.

"Or did you have something more private in mind?"

The other woman barely nodded, a slight incline of her head as she looked away and blushed again. Moirin leaned in a little more, one slender arm wrapping around Chastity's narrow waist, hand resting on her hip. Quickly and deftly Moirin steered her away from the rest of the party and up to one of the lofty bedroom left unlocked and unattended for tonight. Chastity giggled and flushed and fussed with the edges of her long bell sleeves; she fell back onto the overstuffed bed positioned at the heart of the room and pretended not to notice as Moirin locked the heavy door behind her. The room fell quiet, and Chastity stopped giggling as she watched Moirin turn around, her lean, dark figure walking slowly and gracefully toward he bed. Moirin began to sing a quiet, almost mournful song in a language she was sure the younger woman would not know. Deep shadows crept from the corners of the room and danced around her as she closed the distance between them, pulling her slinky silk dress off in a single liquid movement. A soft breeze came up and filled the air, carrying the scent of jasmine and spice. Moirin crawled naked onto the bed, rolling her eyes up to watch the Chastity's sweet face as her hands moved under her skirts, pulling away her bloomers and brushing her thighs. Silent, invisible hands brushed aside a stray ringlet of raven hair, caressed down her chest and started to undo the many stays of her intricate gown. Chastity stared up at the shinning, auburn haired woman kneeling above her, eyes wide.

"How?" she asked, her voice little more than a whisper.

Dipping her head down Moirin softly rubbed her cheek against the smooth skin of the other woman's thigh and smiled.

"Magic," she whispered in a voice already gone low and husky as she pressed her lips against Chastity's smooth skin, humming the same song she had been singing.

Moirin watched her shiver from between her legs, feeling her tremble beneath her kiss. So distracted, Chastity barely noticed when the hands that had been worrying at her gown removed it completely, leaving her in nothing but a creamy white corset and matching panties. Almost painfully slowly Moirin kissed from the soft curve behind the other woman's knee up her inner thigh, humming quietly As she drew close to the smooth satin covering the other woman's pussy Moirin took in a long, deep breath, taking in the heady perfume of her arousal, the quickly growing wetness seeping through the thin cloth. She felt Chastity shift, lets spreading in small degrees, and when she pressed a single finger against the soaked satin she reveled to hear her breath catch and a whimper. With the barest of touches Moirin ran her thumb over the subtle protrusion of the other woman's swollen lips through her panties as she moved up the bed. She stopped poised over Chastity, their bodies scant inches apart, but only touching where her finger met cloth. Chastity squirmed, lifting herself, her hips up, trying to force more contact. Pulling her body just out of reach Moirin smiled, laying a kiss on Chastity's amble breasts spilling out of her corset.

"Patience," she said gently, nuzzling against the other woman's breasts, loving the feel of her soft milky skin against her.

Chastity made a small sound of protest, but relented, her body falling back against the heavy comforter on bed.

"Good," Moirin said and bit down on the swell of those breasts, her small, sharp teeth not quite piercing skin as her hand slipped behind the ruined satin of the panties. 

Chastity gasped, her back arching. Pulling back Moirin's pupils were large and black, out of focus. She watched the other woman's face for a moment and smiled. There was no hint of distaste or displeasure that she could find. Again she dipped her head low, lips brushing against the deep impression of her teeth in the pale skin of Chastity's left breast. The young woman moaned when Moirin's tongue ran along the groves of the mark, tracing it, and her finger probed between Chastity's lips, inside her, finding her wet and tight.

Moving quickly Moirin pulled back, her hands ripping away the scrap of drenched cloth between the other woman's legs. She tore at the corset, long fingers unlacing and casting it aside far faster than Chastity had thought possible. Once both were gone she slid between her legs, her lean, dark body pressed against the length of Chastity's soft curves and kissed her voraciously. Moirin's hands moved over her sides, her nails leaving faint red lines behind as she feverishly kissed and bit down the length of the other woman's squirming body. She left a trail of swelling bites from her neck to her stomach and the small hollow at her hip bone. Moirin paused there for a moment, lapping at that small spot, relishing in it before moving lower. She buried her face between Chastity's legs. Her tongue moved in slow, long strokes, drinking her in as sounds of the other woman's high, breathless moaning fell on her ears. Moirin ran her hands over Chastity's body, bringing them down and under her; she dug her nails into the soft flesh of the other woman's ass as she pulled her hard against her mouth, licking and sucking at her clit. Chastity writhed, her legs shaking, falling wider. She stayed lost in the other woman's pussy for a long while, not moving until she felt the rush of hot liquid over her chin, dripping down onto her chest.

Moirin, only encouraged , held the other woman's hips with one hand, sliding the other between her legs. Her nimble fingers slipping inside Chastity, just the tiniest bit. The gasp that entrance brought forth was the perfect reward, and for an instant Moirin stopped lapping at Chastity's pussy to smile. Returning her mouth to the other woman's body, her finger went deeper inside her, followed by another. She worked Chastity's body until she came again and then once more before she pulled her head from between her legs and slid up the other woman's body. With Moirin's finger's teasing and toying with Chastity's pussy she lied down beside her, nipping at her neck. Chastity's hands let go of the heavy comforted they had balled around and tentatively reached out for Moirin. She closed her eyes and tiled her hips up to the cautious, almost scared seeming pale hand. A long, low groan escaped her when Chastity's soft hands slid between her slick lips. The younger woman leaned up as if to move then faltered, hesitated. Moirin smiled again, taking her hand from between Chastity's legs and gently but firmly pushing down on her shoulders. She was met with no resistance as she pushed the other woman's face into her pussy, keeping on hand wrapped in her long hair, holding her in place.

"Let me know if you need to breath," she said, laying back against the bed.

All hesitation seemed to have gone from the younger woman. She lapped at Moirin's pussy as if she were starving. Moirin's hand held her hard, pulling at her hair as she began to moan, low and dark in the back of her throat. The spells around the room began to fall away as the sound of her moaning grew louder, the darkness receding and the smell of jasmine replaced completely by the heady perfume of their sex. Moirin's world narrowed to only the places where the other woman's flesh touched her, everything else falling away. Her back arched, her hand in Chastity's hair clutched, digging long nails into her own hand as she shook and Chastity came up gasping, white skin glistening wet. Slowly, she became aware of herself again. She blinked, forcing her eyes to focus again and found Chastity smiling at her, having moved to lie along side her. They wound one another in each others bodies, legs entwined, arms around the other, Moirin whispering softly into Chastity's ear pretty things in languages she didn't understand. They feel deep asleep together, the heavy pulse of satisfaction thrumming through them, the heat of their bodies keeping them warm. 

Hours later, when the magic of her song had faded through the warm wood of the floorboards Moirin woke to the clatter and raucous of men coming up the stairs. As they were heaving and shoving at the still locked door Moirin quickly rose, collecting her few belongings from the room and slipping back into her clothes. She kissed the groggy, sleep addled woman tangled in the comforters on the bed. Chastity reached out to her, small, pale hands waving in the air like a child as she saw Moirin heading toward the window.

"Stay," she said in a small voice. "Stay with me."

Moirin flashed her a smile, leaning in to kiss the other woman again before pulling away. She strode fast toward the window, stopping only a moment to wave a hand in front of it and mutter something Chastity neither fully heard nor understood. As it slid open seemingly on its own Moirin crossed herself, turned, looked back at Chastity, blew her a kiss and fell backward. Terrified, Chastity scrambled to the window to see Moirin drifting slowly to the ground like a leaf or a feather on the wind. As she watched Moirin slip away into the night, she heard her voice as if she were still whispering in her hear. She promised she'd come again.