 His hand pressed gently against the cold glass of the window, before sharply recoiling in pain. His amber coloured eyes peered into the darken room and scrutinised the window that bared his way. Ever so slightly etched into the wooden frame and glass panes were faint runes that no mortal eyes would be able to perceive, even if they had been looking for them.

Smirking to himself, he both applauded and dismissed the preparations the townsfolk had prepared. But as always, it was never enough. While the runes of the old tongue had innate power on their own, they also relied on their will of their inscriber. As versed as the local priests and scholars were, they all lacked faith. They were heretics at worst, and hypocrites at best. In his experience, it was only the few minutes before their deaths when the priests were truly devout in their conviction and belief.

Closing his eyes, he reached out to her with his mind as he whispered her name so that only she would hear. Hearing her rise from her slumber with a startled gasp, he whispered her name once more. Again, he heard her gasp, but not out of fear, but instead out of excitement and anticipation.

As he slowly opened his eyes, he saw his beloved standing in front of the window. As if on cue, the clouds parted for the moonlight to shine upon her ethereal beauty. Her pale skin was flawless, save for the light freckles across her face, as her long brown locks framed delicate features. Her grey-blue eyes shone brightly as any of the night stars, as her full red lips could barely contain her smile as she gazed upon her midnight visitor.

Barely able to contain his own smile, he drifted away from the window in order to take a deep bow as he floated above the street below. Hearing her giggle, he knew she was blushing as he could hear the blood rush to her cheeks. Returning to the window, he slowly indicated towards the lock on the window, before pressing his hand against the glass which made the runes glow faintly in resistance.

Slowly retracting his hand, he winced in pain as steam rose when the frigid cold air made contact with the burns on his palm that quickly healed. He heard her gasp in shock as her hands quickly covered her mouth to muffle the sound while her eyes swelled red with tears she fought back. Cursing to himself, he hated to see her in pain. More precisely he hated seeing her in pain because of such an arrogant action on his part. Fumbling with the locks, she quietly opened the window and ushered him in, taking great care that he did not touch the window.

Once he was finally standing in her room, she clung to him as though her very existence depended on him. Burying her face into his chest, she wept quietly as her body shook ever so slightly while her hands held tightly to cold clothes. Gently stroking her hair slowly, he lightly kissed her forehead until her sobs subsided. With a single hand, his fingers delicately traced up her neck to her chin, lifting her head so that she could meet his gaze. Her teary eyes were a mix of emotions. Of sadness. Of love. Of devotion. Of guilt. But there was no hint of fear. At the very least, there was no fear of him.

Smiling softly, he leaned in and kissed her scarlet lips, feeling her melt into his arms. Slowly his kissed a trail from her lips and across her jawline, and with every kiss, she let out the faintest of whimpers. Her eyes were shut as she was lost in a delirium of ecstasy, as her hands became entangled in his long dark hair. Her whimpers slowly becoming soft moans as his lips traced along her neck, while his fangs danced across her soft skin.

As delicately as he could, he gently plunged his fangs into her pale skin, feeling a spurt of her warm blood erupt into his mouth. Her eyes flew wide open as a loud moan escaped her lips, her hands pulling his head tighter against her neck. His lips pressed tightly around the fresh wound, as his tongue gently coaxed more of her blood into his hungry mouth. He savoured this embrace with her, as her blood was the sweetest that he had tasted for over a century, and her scent just as intoxicating.

Before pulling his lips completely away from her neck, he gently kissed his mark before staring once more into her eyes. In this moment, she was content. As was he. She was as much his, as he belonged to her. His ravenous lips pressed tightly against her eager yet passionate lips. He felt her body not only press up tightly against his, but could feel her grind herself against him. The scent of her lust and desire became even more intoxicating than that of her blood, as he too began to crave what she wanted.

With a simple push, he broke their embrace, forcing her to fall back onto her bed. Initially her eyes stared at him confused and hurt, until she saw the devilish sly smirk on his lips. Giggling to herself, she blushed as she coyly closed her legs, pressing her lace nightie tight to her body. Before she could react, she felt him lean over her, with a single hand wrapped gently around her throat, making her moan softly with desire as her cheeks became even more flushed. As his grip tightened, she writhed and moaned under him, partly for effect but more out of sheer anticipation of his embrace.

Letting go of her throat, his hands snaked up her arms, pinning her wrists above her head as his lips smothered her neck in soft kisses. Feeling his hips near hers, her body tried to rock against his but to no avail. Again a hand of his wrapped around her neck, as slight tsk tsk escaped his lips. Her eyes stared up at him, pleading with him through her desire, as she pressed her hips back into her bed.

He licked his fangs as he stared down at her. Even though she willingly submitted to him, she knew exactly the right buttons to press. As he grip gently tightened around her throat, her desire and hunger grew, dripping off of every moan and pant that escaped from her lips. With a bestial grunt, he submitted to her desires, as pressed himself deep within her. Her eyes rolled back into her head as her mouth ushered a silent moan that resonated within her very core. Her hands locked around his arm, forcing his hand to tighten its grip, as her hips rocked against his.

Gone was his composure. Gone was his control. He wanted her in every way, and his hunger was a ravenous beast screaming for satisfaction. With every slow thrust, a deep guttural grunt escape his lips as her barely audible moans harmonised with him. Every deep thrust of his hips into hers was as though he was trying to penetrate his very essence into her soul. And every hard thrust was rewarded with her eyes rolling to the back of her head in blissful delight.

Hearing his grunts falter, she knew he was close, but she did not want this moment to end. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she tried to pull him deeper within herself as her hands reached for the back of his head, pulling him on top of her. Knowing exactly what she wanted, he plunged his fangs deep into her exposed neck as he urged his hips harder and faster. The cacophony of sensations pushed both past the edge, with his seed poured deep within her, as her blood rushed into his ravenous mouth.

Collapsing in a tangled mess of their bodies and fluids, they stared lovingly into each other's eyes. Time was meaningless at that point. It was both a moment that lasted a lifetime, and yet passed within seconds. Their hands traced each other's features, as their lips pressed against each other, softly yet passionately. Yet their eyes betrayed the warmth and happiness of their embrace. She gently wiped away his blood filled tears before burying her own tears into his chest.

All they had were short moments like this. Brief moments of joy in each other's arm in the dead of night, while their days were long and riddled with pain. Bittersweet moments that neither her village nor his kind would understand. But yet they were moments that gave each other's life meaning. They were moments that both would risk their lives for. For even as brief as those moments were in time, during that moment in each other's embrace, time lasted for an eternity.