 "Who are you, really?" Victor asked me stepping into a shaft of light

"I am a whim of destiny, a universal joke, an eight thousand year old prophesy" I walked around the light he stood in.

"That's what you are, not who," he followed my movements with his dragon eyes.

"I am a survivor in a world that wants her dead," I told him

"Then leave, Jinx" he said as if it was that simple

"Then the world would be dead and I'd have nothing to survive for" I took a step closer to the light, closer to him. 

"I guess that makes it hard then" he stated the obvious. 

"You have no idea" I looked up at him, in the soft light his features didn't look so harsh, always golden, but not so harsh. His liquid amber eyes looked into my green ones. He touched the side of my face, I jumped back, startled. 

I looked up into those eyes and saw no intent to harm, only wanting, pure sexual longing. I wanted this, but whether it was him or the hormones I didn't know. Then he kissed me, and I knew it didn't matter. I opened my mouth on instinct and tried to inhale all of him at once. He with drew, looked at me and raised his brows in question. I pushed him back, trying to get him a position of no escape. He tripped over something and ended up on his back, worked for me. I fell down after him. I flipped my hair to the other side trying to get it out of my way as I leaned down. He lifted himself up on his elbows and reached forward, he pulled off my mask, 

"No hiding tonight, Cat." 

"No hiding tonight, Victor." He pushed himself up and rolled me over. He moved slowly, almost dream like. His hands were everywhere, just little touches, enough to burn but not enough to satisfy. He traced the outside of my mouth with his tongue, kissed the outline of my jaw, the shell shape of my ear, the arch of my cheek bone, never any where long, never satisfying merely teasing. I was trapped under his body forced to endure this exquisite torture. 

He unzipped the front of my suit kissing the side of my neck down into the cleft between my breasts, following the trail of the zipper. He slipped his tongue into the indent of my navel and shivered. I tried to grab hold of something anything, my arms now free. His head was the first thing my hands fell upon and my fingers entangled in his hair, finer than silk. He unhooked my belt and started to move back up, kissing to one side or the other, always changing, keeping me guessing. He peeled my suit off my shoulders, tracing the collarbone with his tongue, nipping at the indent in neck. 

He moved back to my mouth and next thing I knew I was naked from the waist up, go figure. My bullet hard nipples brushed against his chest and my hips arched on instinct. His hips ground into mine, and even though the three layers of cloth I could feel his erection. I got the feeling his height wasn't the only thing above average about him. He tore his mouth from mine. I gasped for air, out of breath but for no reason. The temperature of the room felt like it just went up twenty degrees, and the humidity just went to a hundred percent. 

As he kissed his way down my arm into the inside of my elbow, I tried to claw off his jacket, he took a half a second breather to get it off, hoping, I think, to appease me. Feeling the mussels under my hands didn't appease it incensed. I reached for his collar and ended up tearing the shirt, he looked up from my wrist and laughed at me, not so much out loud but with is eyes. I didn't care, I got his shirt off, score one for Cat. He kissed down the side of my stomach his fingers caressing the arch of my back. 

He worked my pants off. Kissing the side of my thigh, he tried to pull the pants farther down but couldn't. now it was my turn to laugh, he'd forgotten about my boots, I let out a giggle, (yes giggle, if you tell anyone I will hurt you) right before he bit the inside of my thigh the giggle suddenly turned into a gasp of pleasure, I tried to kick him but he again had me pinned, I lay back exasperated. He unlaced my boots and tore off my pants, then sat back with a satisfied look on his face.

"Big deal I can do it in half the time."

"Even you underwear is black."

"Black goes with everything, all my underwear is black"

"No kidding." Before I could answer he was on me again. So much for a breather. I started undoing his pants, but he caught my arms and held them over my head. So as he kissed the side of my neck I undid his pants with my toes, can we say thanks for the cat genetics. I pulled his boxers and his pants down before he knew had them undone. His erection pushed hard into my thong all of a sudden, so hard I thought for a second they would rip. He let up, I could tell he had to work for his control now, his breath changed, his body heat went up. I smiled, hey if I had to be in heat, I wanted him to be there too. He kicked his shose off and got rid of the rest of his pants. 

He flipped me over in one fast movement. One moment on my back the next on my chest. He proceeded to kiss his way down my spine, then the kissed my thong off, I wiggled trying to stop him, well it tickled. He bit me, I tried to kick him with my foot, he licked where he kissed. And then he kept licking. He pushed me up to my knees and slid under me. he licked my taint, up into well, you know, then all of a sudden if feel a vibration and straight on my clit, he was humming or something. my body was pulsing I arched my back, it hit me then in waves, like the ocean or the rain, and I screamed, I don't think I've ever screamed before in my life, but then I screamed his name. My body clenched, it wanted something more, something I had yet to name. 

After I stopped spasming he licked just one more time, and I moaned. In a second flat I was on my back again and he was on top of me looking into my eyes. He lifted him self onto his for arms, I looked down, blinked and looked again, he was, that is to say, 

"No fucking way is that going in me."

"What?" he asked

"Its to big, to fucking big."

"You know that's considered a good thing by most females." He pushed it up against me I instinctively ground my hips against him, "Your body doesn't seem to mind, and it looks bigger than it is." He moved to lick a nipple. That was it I couldn't take anymore, I pulled him so that he was facing me, locked my legs around him and pushed him in, hard. I don't know if I just gasped or if I screamed, but suddenly I was full, so full if felt like I was going to break. 

Then I leaned back and pulled him the rest of the way in. I just lay there for a minute, trying to catch my breath. Then he moved and I think I just about lost it, my whole body hummed, and he kept moving, over and over. I twisted, trying to get away and closer at the same time, then it came, not like before, deeper longer, harder, and I knew this is what my body was clenching for, him. I clawed at his back, ripping flesh as he pounded into me, the waves kept coming and he kept moving, I started to move my hips instinctively trying to slow it down or speed it up I don't know. 

Time lost meaning I couldn't breathe or think or anything. And I screamed for the gods, for Victor, for him to stop, for him to never stop. I felt him come inside me, he swelled and clenched and then collapsed on top of me in exhaustion. He tried to get off me, to move, I clamped my legs around him and held him tight. He wasn't going anywhere if I had anything to say about it. I closed my eyes. Slowly I let him withdraw and when I opened him he had rolled over. I was laying on his shoulder curled in the bend of his arm.

"Hey beautiful."

"Hey."

"You know you have no body hair."

"No I couldn't tell." I said sarcastically "So how big are you?"

"About 6'7" why?"

"No I mean how big is Mr. Happy down there?"

"If I told you seven would you believe me?"

"No."

"Fine I'm nine, but don't let it get out, I'll have every woman in the city throwing themselves at me,"

"Every woman in the city already throws themselves at you." I searched out a clock in my head, it was almost morning, I need to get moving. But my body didn't want to, it was perfectly happy where it was, and surprisingly so was I. But duty called and I couldn't tell the sun to go away so unhooked my arm from Victor got up. he grabbed my waist and pulled me back down.

"Where do you think your going?" he asked

"Home its almost dawn, and I need to get going, my day jobs almost the bitch my night job is."

"Stay," he implored 

"We both know I can't" I got up put on my underwear and suit, my belt, then my mask and coat, I took one last look at him there on the floor before I pulled up my hood and walked out of the room.