 Authors Note

I owe some inspiration for this story to another story on literotica called "Wild Wednesday" by Jake Marlow, definitely recommended. The fantasy of suddenly switching bodies or sexes is certainly not original, but many such stories seem to dead end too quickly. Twins also share a significant bond that is worthwhile to explore. This story turned out to be somewhat more complex than I originally intended; it takes place over multiple days with numerous characters, so please be patient getting through the setup.

Any resemblance to real persons, alive or deceased, is purely coincidental.

*****

Prologue

(Sunday afternoon in a Midwest town) "KIDS! We're leaving! See you in two weeks!" Their mother called from the front door. Shannon came in from the living room and gave her a quick hug goodbye.

"Have a good time, Mom," Shannon said tersely. 

"Thanks, hon. Love you." Her mom almost teared up during the hug, but was able fake a smile as she stepped back. She knew her little girl had not been happy moving to the Midwest four months ago. Aside from leaving her friends behind, she had to put her burgeoning dance career on hold as she struggled to find a local studio or dance instructor that could handle her level of training and talent. 

Shannon had been dancing since she was 3 at a great studio back home, where the head instructor had become a second mother to her. Now 5'6" and 110 lbs, her figure was a stunning combination of slimness, toned muscle and perfect C-cup breasts, with proportionally long legs for her height. She moved with effortless grace when she wished to, and could both jump incredibly high and perform gymnastic tumbling at a high skill level. 

She had drifted from one studio to another during the past four months, training as best she could and essentially being her own coach. She had even almost been desperate enough to try out for cheerleading just to have a regular workout after school, but for reasons her Mom didn't understand, she had been ostracized from the team before the tryout took place. 

Shannon was dressed as usual in loose yoga pants that hid her fabulous dancer's legs from view. She had become somewhat shy and introverted after the move, and again her Mom had not figured out why, but she hoped her girl would come out of her shell again soon.

Shannon's twin brother Sean came in from the front yard after helping their father load the car with the luggage that the parents would need for a week-long conference and second week-long resort vacation their father had won from work. The twins were finally considered old and responsible enough to take care of the house during the trip. 

Sean picked his mother up casually and nearly crushed her in a hug. At 5'11" and 175 lbs, he was a serious martial artist without an ounce of fat who trained for several hours every day. His Mom gave a mock groan as he switched her from a hug to picking her up by the waist, his forearm tendons and veins standing out through his skin. She said, "Put me down, boy, before you kill your poor old mum." 

He smiled at her and said, "Take care, but don't feel like you need to call us unless there is a problem. We want you two to relax and not worry about the home front." 

Sean's black hair and blue eyes came straight from his handsome father, and contrasted sharply with Shannon's lightly freckled white skin, deep ruby red hair and green-gold eyes that had passed down from her maternal grandmother.

Shannon and Sean had been inseparable as kids, but as puberty began after 12 they had grown apart. Currently, Sean was happy with the move, having found a mixed martial arts gym with great instructors nearby that he could walk to from school or home. Shannon had protested the move vehemently, but was overruled in favor of her dad's career. She and Sean had fought over the move almost as much as she had with her parents, and she had not yet forgiven him for failing to take her side. Even before this, however, the twins had developed separate friends and separate interests. Long training hours kept them from interacting much during the past 2 years as they moved through the latter stages of puberty, growing taller and larger in their respective ways. 

The new high school was a mixed bag for them. Neither had been able to overcome the new kid popularity hit, and their outside interests were not commonly shared at the school. No one aside from her new best friend Misty even knew Shannon was an aspiring professional dancer. Sean had made a few casual friends at school and at the gym, but so far no one besides his training partner Oliver had become a close friend. 

Sean's good looks had made him successful at getting some dates with the cheerleader crowd despite not playing on the teams, and he had been dating a cheerleader named Erica for about 4 weeks. 

Shannon, on the other hand, did her best to conceal her body in oversized jeans and shirts. She had been somewhat popular at her last school, but was passive-aggressively punishing her mother by trying hard not to fit in. She wore her thick-framed glasses instead of her contacts. She even stuffed her gorgeous mass of curly red hair in a hat during most school days and pinned it up in a tight bun on other days and during gym classes, where she also insisted on wearing loose sweats or yoga pants instead of shorts. 

Aside from her straight A's, there were two other major contributors to Shannon's social anonymity at the school. The main one was that somehow, without knowing why, she had made an enemy of the most popular girl in school, a tall, stacked blonde senior named Kristen who was head cheerleader. Kristen's disapproval was the social kiss of death. Kristen could have been Kathy Ireland's larger-breasted twin, and the guys in school bent over backward to try to get her to notice and approve of them. 

The second factor was a basketball player named Tony, who had dated Shannon soon after she first arrived and seemed really sweet at first. An attempt at losing their mutual virginity went poorly due to premature ejaculation and lack of enthusiasm on Shannon's side. She had not liked Tony's pressure tactics as they were parking one night, but caught in a vulnerable moment in her life, she was convinced to go along and just get it over with. All to her dismay, it turned out, as the condom slipped off his smallish penis soon after penetration of her mostly dry vagina and he squirted all over the place as she pushed him out. 

Fearful of her telling the tale to his buds, Tony had further trashed her reputation and called her a frigid little geek. Her hymen was gone, but she got zero pleasure from the whole experience, a huge (or not-so-huge, so to speak) bummer. So far she had not retaliated with her side of the story, but did try rebound dating another guy named Henry a couple of times before moving on.

A recent, promising development in her otherwise non-existent social life was Adam, the starting running back: 6'2" tall, 200 lbs of muscle, but with boyish charm and a crooked smile. He had dated and fucked Kristen every which way for well over a year before breaking up with her last month. No one knew why. The football captain had surreptitiously asked Shannon out on two dates so far, and been very patient and gentlemanly with her for reasons of his own. 

Conversely, Shannon was nearly ready to tear his clothes off on their next date. Her hormones had kicked in with a vengeance after the Tony thing went bad, and masturbating had made her want the real thing even more. It had to get better than that first time!

Sean's new girlfriend Erica was Kristen's best friend on the cheerleading team. She was a natural sex bomb, carefully working her way through the local pool of hot guys and not really caring what anyone else thought of her. A long-haired brunette with naturally tan skin, high cheekbones, C-cup breasts, huge brown eyes, wide lips and long legs, she was a star in nearly as many masturbation fantasies around town as Kristen. 

Sean was a virgin when they met, something Erica could easily tell. She had ulterior motives for dating inexperienced guys, but Sean was unaware of them. She had started to take him up the ladder of experience. Oral sex had started after she teased him for a few dates, and they had done the deed a week ago in the back of her parents' car. 

Unfortunately, Sean's inexperience made him less than memorable for her, and Erica was not a patient teacher. His earlier fumbling while going down on her had been disappointing and he only lasted a couple minutes during intercourse. 

Regrettably for him, Erica loved to discuss her sex life in the cheerleaders' section of the girls' locker room, so the remarks and giggles had started to follow Sean as he walked around school. He was still trying to figure out how to deal with his hot, bitchy cheerleader; so far she held all the power, and had not told him everything about her history or plans.

The previous Friday at school, Kristen had stormed up to Shannon and Misty during lunch. "Hey, skanks. I just heard one of you is dating my boyfriend." 

The friends glanced at each other perplexed. "Your boyfriend? You mean Adam?"

"Yes. He and I aren't finished yet." 

Shannon shrugged, "He said you were. We've been out a couple times, sure. I guess you have a problem with that?"

"Oh yeah, big problem, bitch. Stay away from him or you will regret it." Kristen leaned forward and smacked Shannon's juice glass toward them. It still had a bit of liquid in it, so some drops got on Shannon's clothes. "Oops, sorry, but then again, no one could tell if there stains on those rags you always wear. How much did you pay Adam to ask you out?" 

"Are you calling your boyfriend a whore?" Misty laughed. 

Kristen stormed off, not knowing how to respond. 

Shannon sighed, "Guess I was expecting that. Wonder if anyone ever had the balls to break up with that witch before?" 

"Probably not. I mean, look at her. Absolute perfection, and I'm told those breasts are real. She's mowed down a lot of guys, rules this place with an iron fist. I'm still not sure you should have said yes when Adam asked you out." 

"I know, but he took me by surprise, and you know how gorgeous he is." 

"Oh yeah," Misty sighed. "And then he turned out to be so nice, I can't believe such a nice guy could have such a bitch for a girlfriend."

Shannon and Misty headed toward the car she shared with Sean after school. He was already there with Erica in the front seat. "Great, I love riding with the slut-queen's first minion!" Misty muttered as they approached. The girls smiled falsely at the "happy" couple as they climbed in the back. Erica barely paid them any mind since they were not popular enough to be on her radar. 

Sean could hear them muttering and giggling in the back seat, probably at Erica's expense, and fumed a bit. He knew Shannon didn't like his new girlfriend, but at least she could be more polite about it. He usually found Misty very entertaining, too, except when her target for jokes was Erica.

After dropping Erica and Misty off, Sean headed home with Shannon. He walked to the gym for a workout, which he did almost every day of the week. His friend Oliver was already there getting changed. 

"Hey man, you're late." 

"Had to give Erica a ride home first, you know how it is." 

Oliver nodded as if he commiserated, but he had never had a girlfriend. He was taller than Sean, but slimmer, with very androgynous Mediterranean features. His face was girlishly pretty, having bright green eyes with a slight tilt and long lashes that girls would kill for, but almost no beard growth around a sensual mouth that grinned easily, showing brilliant teeth. He was the kind of guy who is so attractive that other guys avoided him, either through jealousy that their girlfriends would want him, or because he made them question their orientation nervously. All this was contrasted by his large package, which he was shy about due to some guys giving him crap about it when he was in the lower ranks. 

"Ok, let's hit it." 

They headed in for their usual 2 hour weekday workout: 20 minutes of extreme calisthenics followed by an hour mixing forms and techniques and weapons from various disciplines under instructors' supervision, then finally 40 minutes of sparring or working the speed or heavy bag. 

Sean was fairly new to the gym, but his speed, strength, stamina and martial skills, well-honed at gyms back home, had elevated him already to join Oliver in the upper ranks. Oliver had been at the same gym for years, with the strength and skills to prove it.

After the workout, they went back to the high belt locker room. As usual, Sean casually stripped down and headed into the showers as Oliver nervously averted his eyes as much as possible. Sean didn't know Oliver had mixed feelings about him. He missed Oliver's surreptitious glances since typical men's locker room etiquette was to not focus on anyone else directly. It took all Oliver's concentration to keep his dangling penis totally flaccid as they showered in separate corners. 

Sean headed into the kitchen around 6 o'clock. "What's for dinner?" 

"Why do you ask?" 

"Aren't you cooking something?" 

"No, why is the girl the one who is expected to cook? You can read, and turn on the stove, can't you?" 

"Jeeze, you don't have to bitch, I was just asking. Let's go to Han's and eat there, I hear its really good Chinese." 

"I guess. I suppose you want to drive?" 

"Sure, why wouldn't I?" 

"That car belongs to both of us, you know!" 

The bickering went on and on, Shannon was in a mood. They sat at a corner table at the restaurant and waited for their orders to arrive as the argument escalated. Before they could help themselves, things better left unsaid were aired. 

"You should have supported me when I asked not to move, I think Dad would have reconsidered if you had asked too."

"Just because you were really close to your dance teacher? What about the rest of us? Don't you think Dad's career is also important? It's ok here. I like the town, the weather, and I'm even doing ok with the girls at school."

"Your little cheerleader slut Erica is not very discreet, you know. Every girl in school has probably heard all the details about your, uh, inexperience." 

"You're kidding, she wouldn't do that to me, would she?" 

"Don't you know?" 

"Fuck, she did. Well, great, at least I'll talk to her and ask her to stop, which is better than you leaving Tony alone as he made everyone believe you're a frigid bitch." 

"Has he been that bad? I was hoping he would just let it go, he is such a pencil-dicked moron." Tears came to Shannon's eyes as she ran through all the epithets she knew under her breath.

Behind the thin wall, an elderly Chinese woman was eavesdropping on their fight and their woes as she sliced vegetables. She clucked to herself and thought, "A twin brother and sister should be closer, so sad. And they need to learn better how to deal with the opposite sex. Hmm..." 

She was tempted. She had not "meddled" in a long time. She was one of only a handful of people in the world who still knew about an ancient serum. The serum could only be given to close relatives, usually parent and child or siblings of the same sex, but she thought it might also work on twins of the opposite sex even though she had never tried that before. 

She imagined the disruption that her subjects would go through, and hoped it would help them, like breaking eggs to make an omelet. She opened a hidden compartment on the side of the chopping block, grabbed her bag of special herbs and headed off to find their order.

Their order arrived in due time. Oddly, it only had one fortune cookie: "The path to enlightenment often requires taking the opposite perspective." Shannon shrugged after reading it, "Does Robert Frost know the Chinese are plagiarizing him?" 

"Who?"

"Dumbass." 

Sean and Shannon continued to snipe all the way home, and went to bed still pissed at each other.

Day 1

Shannon was having an erotic dream about Oliver, whom she had lusted for ever since seeing him hang out with Sean. He had unbuttoned her top and was kissing his way down toward her breasts, warm hands caressing her back, then sliding down to cup her ass. 

She came half-awake and reached down to masturbate with the dream still humming in her mind. Her hand felt strange, heavier than usual. She slid it under covers and it bumped abruptly against a raging hard-on. She screamed in shock. There was a man in bed with her! 

She sprang out of the bed in and promptly struck her head on the ceiling lamp. "Oww, shit!" she yelled. "Who lowered that fucking thing?" she thought. 

She raised her hand to rub her head and froze. The heavily callused hand was not hers, nor was there this much hair on her forearm, and that bulging bicep was definitely masculine. She could feel something weird in her pants, and pulled the unfamiliar pajama bottoms out to show very large morning wood. "This must be a dream, and a very fucked up one," she thought to herself. She stumbled towards the bathroom to find a mirror, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Why did the floor seem farther away than usual? 

Sean had been waking up slowly a minute prior to his sister. He raised his arms and stretched lazily. He looked down and saw very firm young breasts barely concealed by a purple camisole. "Wow, those are nice," he thought, watching them rise and fall...with his breath. He cried out in shock as he realized they were attached to him. 

"Is that my voice?" He wondered. He leaped out of bed and promptly stumbled to his hands and knees. His hips felt strange, both wider and looser than typical. Long red hair that curled just like his sister's had fallen forward around each side of his face. He looked down and saw the soft hands of a girl resting on the red carpet that was usually in his sister's room. "What the hell?" He got up and stumbled toward the adjoining bathroom he contentiously shared with Shannon.

They opened the doors at the same time, and stopped, staring incredulously. "Why am I standing over there?" they both thought simultaneously.

Shannon asked, "What the fuck?" 

Sean moaned in his higher pitched voice, "This is the worst dream ever! I'd like to wake up now!" 

"You and me both. How are we sharing this dream?" 

Sean did the first thing he could think of: he reached out and slapped his former body's face hard. "Oww!" His soft female hand throbbed painfully. 

Shannon was shocked by little that hurt and thought, "Damn, is this real?" She spoke, "Don't hit me, you idiot!"

Sean was still shaking the hand in pain and looking down at himself in shock. "Don't worry, I won't do it again! That fucking hurt me more than you. Your hands are too damn soft." 

Shannon was also looking down and seeing her maleness. "Well your penis is too fucking stiff, how do you pee in the morning?"

"There is no way this can be real," Sean cried, but the mellifluous sound of his sister's voice speaking the words made him put his soft hands to his face in shock. Time stood still as both twins tried to come to grips with the situation. They had switched bodies! 

Shannon was the first to recover. She saw the clock and gasped, "School starts in 90 minutes!" 

"So, we can't go anywhere like this, are you nuts?" 

"I have to hand a paper in, it's due today." 

"So?" 

"So I have an A+ average to maintain, numbnuts!" 

"Hey, I get good grades, too, Miss Brainiac, and I have a History test today. Crap, I guess we do have to go." 

They both panicked when they realized they each needed to shower, get each other dressed and eat. Shannon went first. She didn't want to touch Sean's penis again, so she sat down to pee after Sean left the bathroom, bending forward so the partially erect organ would flow into the toilet. She finished and reluctantly tapped it to shake off any drops. She stood up and again felt a bit dizzy being an extra 5 inches from the floor. She reached into the shower and grabbed the hot water handle, which usually turned stiffly. Her forearm tendons flexed and the handle turned too far, hit the stop and broke off. "Damn."
