 Day 3

Shannon woke early, planning to spend more time dressing Sean. The abs on Sean's body flexed as she sat up easily. She stopped to admire the view down her front, and flexed her pecs a few times. She listened carefully for any noise from Sean's room, then she pulled her shorts down to get the full monty. 

She stared at the semi-erect penis, about 2/3 of its ultimate size, and wondered how much it changed as boys walked around in various situations. She had heard most boys were only 5 to 6 inches erect, so Sean had been somewhat blessed, although she had no idea if he was thicker than the norm as well. She tentatively reached out and ran a finger up and down the side of it. The smooth, taught skin was very sensitive, she thought. It had grown a bit more now, pointing straight out. She pushed down on it to see how that felt. It didn't hurt much unless she tried to push hard. It would easily go upward against her stomach, though. 

Her experiments now had it fully erect, 7.5" long and standing up at 45 degrees with a swollen head. In imitation of countless males over the centuries, she tried to bend forward and touch it with her tongue, but fell short by several inches. She laughed to herself and watched it shake a bit. 

She listened again for any noise in the house, it was still dead silent. She wrapped one hand around the thick rod, and squeezed it. That felt better than she expected, not hurting at all. She cupped the hairy scrotum, also more sensitive than expected. She squeezed it a bit harder and the sharp pain surprised her. The line between pain and pleasure on the scrotum was apparently very fine. She rubbed it more carefully, feeling the testicles move around under the strangely bumpy skin of the sack. She shifted to the shaft again. Her heart was beating harder now and her mouth felt strange. She slowly moved the clenched hand up and down, feeling the dry friction on her skin, watching and feeling the skin stretch up and down with her ministrations. 

"These things are kind of fun," she thought. She gripped the base with her left hand and the upper half with her right, the width of the two just less than her length. She held it like that for a few moments, then she moved her hands together, trying to imagine what it felt like fully inserted in a vagina. The dry skin of her palms spoiled the fantasy, though.

She turned to her bedside table and pulled out a tub of hand cream. Listening all the while for Sean, she took a dollop of the cream and spread it out on her penis, making it twitch, slippery and glistening. She grabbed it with both hands again and rubbed them as one. That felt pretty good, she thought, too bad I'll probably never stick this in a girl for real. She took the left hand off and continued to stroke with the right. That felt even better, so she stroked harder, altering the stroke to get a better feel as the hand rubbed up onto the mushroom head. 

The head was getting very sensitive now and a tingling feeling was running down the rampant penis. She stroked faster and moaned softly. Her left hand moved below to cup her balls again. She squeezed a bit too hard and felt pain, so she tried pulling down on them gently, which felt good. She stroked harder with her other hand and kept caressing her balls. "Ahhhhh," she groaned, and the tingly, burning feeling gathered at the base of her rod and shot upward, come spurting onto her stomach and chest. She was surprised at how fast she could achieve orgasm and far the semen shot out. It usually took her quite a bit longer to masturbate in her own body. Her new knowledge made her a bit more sympathetic to Tony's quick shot, though she could not condone his actions afterwards.

Suddenly she remembered Sean was in the house, and held her breath to listen. It was still quiet, so she tentatively stuck a fingertip into a gob of semen, then stuck it in her mouth. It smelled a bit but didn't taste like much. She imagined swallowing it like Erica and shrugged. Then she hopped up and quietly walked to the bathroom with the slowly wilting penis waggling before her, leading her into the shower.

After the shower Shannon looked into her wardrobe with a critical eye. She was going to dress to impress today, so she wanted a good outfit for Sean to show her off in. She finally decided simpler was better, and chose a black ruffled skirt that would show off her legs and a deep blue blouse that made her hair look even redder than usual. Sean would have to shave her legs, at least the lower parts anyway. Due to the black skirt against her very white skin, she tried to find a decent set of pantyhose to wear, but they were all old and worn since she had not been dressing up for over 6 months. She thought about switching to pants, but that seemed boring. She finally dug into the back of her lingerie drawer and pulled out a new pair of thigh high black stockings she had never worn before. 

"I hope he can handle wearing these, they should stay up ok without a garter," she thought. Slightly higher platform style heels finished the outfit.

Shannon went into Sean's room to find him buried under blankets, just some random strands of red hair sticking out. She sat down on the bed and shook him. "Sean!" 

"What?" 

"You need to get up a little earlier, remember? I'm dressing you up a little more today, I promised Mom." 

"Uhhh. I was hoping I'd be me again this morning." 

"Me too. Do you think I like waking up each morning with a stiffy? It's really strange. And you have calls of nature twice as often as I'm used to because your body eats so damn much. And I'm always hot, not in just the good way, but just plain overheated. Why are you under all those blankets?" 

"Because your body is always cold, especially at night!" 

"Aww, poor baby! Rise and shine, I have an idea to get you shaving and showering in general without keeping your eyes closed." 

"What?" His head popped out of the blankets. 

"Ta da!" She held up a white bikini. 

"Brilliant!" 

They headed into the bathroom. "I think you could just get away with the lower legs and knees, the skirt is not that short." 

"Um, ok," he replied. 

"Ok, same drill." He closed his eyes and took off the t-shirt and shorts and panties. She put the bikini bottoms on one leg, then the other, and he pulled them up snugly. "Arms out." She fastened the bikini top, "Ok." 

He opened her eyes. "If you want to leave, I'll get to it." 

She walked out, and he closed the doors and quietly locked them for the first time in 3 days. He looked back over his shoulder to admire the view of Shannon's ass in the hi-V-cut bikini, then he turned slowly to get the full show. He wasn't sure he could ever get used to seeing this every morning, it was better than his stash of playboys. If only he had his dick to stroke...wait, not for his sister, but...face it, he realized, she was so hot it was useless to deny the fact that she turned him on. 

He got in the shower and dropped the wall bench to sit on while shaving. The hot water had Shannon's soft skin ready in no time, and he started to apply the gel and rub it into lather. "Hmmm, that's not bad." He decided to keep going, the feeling getting more intense as he rubbed lather up over his inner thighs to the edge of the bikini. Squirming toward the end, his whole body was getting flushed. He ran the razor carefully down one firm calf. Ok, that was not hard. 

He was done with her legs in a few minutes. They felt great when he ran his hands along the baby smooth skin. He could feel some warmth beneath the bikini. The feeling grew more urgent, so he pulled the bottoms down and took a peek. His sister's landing strip had widened a bit with fuzz over the past 3 days. With her body encouraging him, he decided to clean it up. It would save her the effort if they switched back tomorrow, or something like that, he rationalized weakly. 

He slid the tight bikini down and hung it up, then took the shower head to wet himself down with warm water. The feel of the pulsing water almost made him cry out, he bit his lip and shuddered, and his pussy lips were now fully engorged. "Holy shit!" he thought. "Get a grip, she's going to start wondering what you're doing." He sprayed more gel around the landing strip and lathered it, slippery and shuddering a bit now. 

His hand was shaking slightly. "Careful!" he thought, on the ragged edge, trying to focus and steady his hand. The safety razor helped as he very carefully shaved around the strip and down her body's bikini line. Was it ok? He placed the razor on the shelf and reached a shaking left hand down to feel for further stubble, or so he told himself. It was smooth and very, very slippery all over, a mix of warm steam from the shower, the residue of the lather and the copious juices from his aching pussy. 

He could not stop his hand from sliding toward the middle, toward his engorged and sensitive clit. He rubbed slowly, first on the clit, then around it, then back. He gasped and switched to using his middle finger on the clit and index and ring fingers to caress all around. He leaned back against the tile wall, round ass still on the edge of the bench, long shapely legs extended and spreading. His hand slid easily up and down over the slick pussy, then his middle finger curved into the slit as his legs pressed into the floor on tiptoe, raising his ass off the bench, right arm braced beneath him. His hips tilted and thrust involuntarily as his middle finger slid out to circle the clit and back down to penetrate his vagina, now dripping wet. His pelvic muscles clenched on the invading finger each time. 

Unknown to him, his position was almost identical to Shannon's favorite, with arms reversed. He opened his eyes and looked down at the gorgeous body in its wanton position, breasts in the bikini thrusting skyward and beautiful hips rolling and thighs quivering. The perfect vision of feminine lust easily tipped him over the edge. He felt his pussy contract as lights exploded behind his closed eyes and his toes curled against the hard tile. He clenched his sister's jaw as hard as he could to keep from crying out loud, so just a few soft high pitched noises escaped from his throat. 

He relaxed and sat back down on the bench, legs still shaking a bit as his pulse calmed. He couldn't believe how powerful the female orgasm was, how did they ever leave the house? He then heard a soft knock on the door. 

"You almost done in there?" Shannon called. 

"Still washing your hair!" he called, controlling his voice with an effort. He stood and washed his pussy and legs quickly. Then he pulled on the bikini bottoms and quickly tried to get the mass of red curls clean. 

Once dry and wrapped with a towel over the swimsuit, he peeked into Shannon's room, and heard her in the kitchen. Not wanting his sister to see the telltale newly smooth landing strip on her body, he grabbed the panties and quickly slid them on in place of the bikini bottoms, took a deep breath, and called casually as he could. "Hey, I was able to change a bit by touch, but I need your help with the bra." 

Shannon came in. "Oh, that's ok, I guess." 

He closed his eyes and dropped the towel. She quickly switched the bikini top for the matching bra, then she eyed her body. Her legs looked great, smooth all the way up... 

"Did you shave above the knee too?" 

"Yeah, I kept trying to even the line out on both legs, but after getting up above the knee I figured what the fuck and did the whole things. It just seemed easier, hope you don't mind." 

She pictured him caressing her upper thighs with shaving cream, and the thought was disturbingly erotic. 'No, I guess not." 

He smiled and thought, "Phew, got away with it."

"Ok, here is what you're wearing today: this skirt and blouse and wedge heels. We'll just let my hair fall naturally, it's not supposed to be windy." 

He looked again. "What are these? Stockings?" His voice was nervously high pitched. 

"Sorry, no pantyhose, I need to go shopping. These were all I had left. I think you will be able to manage them, just make sure to give them a tug up whenever you head to the bath room." 

"Uh, ok, I guess." He didn't want to tell her that the thought of her long legs in black stockings underneath the skirt he was wearing was so intensely erotic, he wasn't sure he would be able to hold a coherent conversation with anyone or sit still for more than 30 seconds at a time all day. "Aw, man, I'm screwed," he thought, for about the hundredth time during this ordeal.

"Putting on stockings is easy, especially with your legs fresh shaved. You just gather them up in a neat handful like this, carefully insert the foot like so, then slide them slowly and carefully up to avoid snags." She slid the elastic top up to his thigh, leaving an inch or so of bare skin below his panties. "Now you try the other one." 

Sean gulped, not wanting her to watch. He quickly went for a hail mary. "Did you hear a knock at the door?" 

"No, but I'll check." She left, and he quickly tried to emulate her technique with the left stocking. The look and feel of it sliding up his leg made him shake a little, which was what he was afraid of her seeing. He stood up as she returned. 

"No one there. Ok, looks like you're good so far, put the skirt on and let me see to your hair before we button that blouse on."

He let her drive to school, not wanting to try it in heels. They sat in the car in the parking lot for an extra minute. "Ok, last minute stuff. Unlike the sundress, you can cross your legs in that skirt, in fact they look great doing it. Keep it draped just above the knee when you do. Let my body do the walking when you can. Oh, and even though this skirt is slightly longer, you still need to be sure not to bend forward when walking up the stairs in front of anyone, or you'll flash them. Only one class upstairs today, so should be piece of cake. Got it?" 

"Sir, yes, sir!" He gave a mock salute. 

His own face smiled back at him. "Make me look good," Shannon said, and they got out of the car. 

"By the way, that shirt you're wearing is not for school, it's for going out." Sean advised her. 

"Your idea of a decent shirt for school differs greatly from anyone with a reasonable amount of taste. This shirt makes me look great, much better than the floppy t-shirts I've been grabbing all week." 

"Yeah, it does, but then you have to wash it and iron it, what a pain in the ass." 

"Hey, if you want to keep someone like Erica interested, and God only knows why, you need to put more effort in. You can't count on the ladies seeing these rippling muscles underneath your crappy clothes, and even when they do it won't always distract them from the fact of your crappy clothes." 

"You totally lost me there, sis," Sean grinned.

Getting to Shannon's locker was interesting. Sean walked gracefully down the hall, hair bouncing a bit. He had to concentrate on keeping his mind clear with breathing exercises because the feel of the stockings occasionally rubbing each other under his skirt as he walked was making him want to find a broom closet and rub himself to about 3 more climaxes. His deep breathing was subtly emphasizing his tits, and the skirt revealed his sister's sensational legs with each stride. Since he was not concentrating at all on walking, Shannon's body reflexively made the most of walking in the heels. 

There was practically a small parade of guys who had turned to look and were following him down the hall. Two teachers looked out of their rooms to see what was going on. Shannon watched from afar, somewhat jealous despite the amount of feminine attention she had gotten during the past few days in Sean's body. She badly wanted her body back. 

Misty had to push past several of the boys to get to her best friend. "Haven't you morons ever seen a girl before? Go away already." 

She looked the redhead up and down and whistled softly. "Ok, you've officially left smoldering far behind!" 

"What about my behind?" 

"I'm considering changing teams just looking at it." They laughed. "I have news: I was just going by Erica's locker. She has upgraded Sean quite a ways on her little chart." 

"Ok, that's good, I guess. Not sure how he got the new rating, though." Sean started to wonder if Shannon was telling him the whole truth. Could she have let Erica seduce her? If so, was she better in bed with his body than he was? It was a disturbing thought. 

"Well, it's both good and bad news for me. If she keeps moving him up the other cheerleaders will want a piece before I can ask him out." 

"I think I can guarantee he will look you up after dumping that lying skank."

They walked off to class together.

Later in English class, Misty noticed that her friend was writing quickly and easily with her left hand. "Shannon," she whispered. 

"What?"

"How are you doing that?" 

"Doing what?" Sean guiltily stopped rubbing his crossed, silk-stockinged legs together under the desk, the feel of them having kept his pussy delightfully hot and bothered through the past two classes. He had not really been paying attention to much else, but was writing an occasional sentence so the teacher wouldn't notice. 

"You're writing left-handed." 

"Shit!" Sean thought. He had slipped up. He stammered, "Um, I, ah, hurt my right wrist the other day." 

"Bullshit, you would have told me." 

"I'm telling you now." 

Misty decided to get tricky: "Hey, remember when I stepped on that nail? I told you right away." 

"Oh, yeah, you did. Sorry I didn't tell you sooner." 

There was no nail. What was going on? She thought hard about their conversations during the past couple of days. In retrospect, they were a bit strange. Shannon hadn't told her any details about her big date for several days, when normally they would have spent longer talking about it than she did on the date itself. Was Shannon mad at her? Was she sick? Had she ever mentioned being ambidextrous? Their friendship had grown rapidly over the short months to the point where they shared everything about every event. Questions flew through her head as she worried and analyzed the problem.

Sean had trouble with boys trying to chat him up all day, despite the risk of Adam's wrath if he had caught any of them. The attention was flattering but also confusing. "Shannon owes me big time for this," He thought as he flirted mildly as best he could, trying to be vivacious and witty, but generally feeling uncomfortable any time he began to enjoy himself. 

After about the fourth class with legs crossed and hovering perpetually on the edge of getting off, he had no choice but to retreat to the bathroom. To add insult to injury, one of the hotter cheerleaders was in the process of adjusting her skirt as he walked in, flashing her panties at him accidentally. He moaned inwardly and rushed into a stall. He crossed his legs again and rubbed powerfully and silently until the girl had left the bathroom empty. Then he raised his skirt to see the sexy lingerie and panties, now with a big wet spot. He reached down the panties with his left hand and rubbed his clitoris. It only took seconds for him to come hard. Luckily no one walked in at the time to hear him gasping in pleasure.

He finally got through Shannon's last class, and with optional study hall as final period, he left early to walk to the gym, bag slung over his shoulder and the black skirt flowing a bit in the wind as the air teased the skin above his stockings. He was desperate to get some sort of workout in after 2 days of nothing.

That morning he had talked to Shannon. "Do you mind if I take your bod to my gym? I'm getting antsy with no daily endorphin fix." 

"Why not go to my dance studio?" 

"I'd be willing to try, but you don't have an instructor, and without someone telling me what to do, I don't know how to dance, even if your body does." 
