 Authors Note

Note that there are a few music lyrics embedded in the story. Hopefully that is still clear if the formatting does not transfer from Word.

Day 4

Shannon woke up after a long night of tossing and turning. Her brother's hand was curled around yet another morning hardon. "Really, you didn't get enough last night?" She admonished it. She got up quickly and stormed into Sean's bedroom. 

"How do you live with this thing?" she asked loudly. 

Sean rolled over sleepily to find his own penis nearly poking him in the face. His half-asleep instinct was to stroke it, so he reached out and laid his soft hand on the rampant bulge. He had rubbed it gently for 3 or 4 seconds before he awoke fully to find Shannon staring down at him, confused and now mentally as well as physically horny. She was looking at her own face near her brother's penis and hoping for them to get even closer together before she became shocked at what she was thinking. 

"Why did you do that?" she asked. 

"Huh, woops!" He let go quickly. "Sorry, habit. It is my penis, after all." 

Shannon retreated to the bathroom, where it took 5 minutes before her uncooperative dick would soften enough to pee. Her mind kept flashing back to disturbing longings that did not help matters.

Sean put on the dress Shannon had picked out for him, buttoning up the front over a dark blue underwear and bra set. "No stockings today, thank God," he thought. The dress was shorter than yesterday but not like the 3rd date dress, so he thought he could manage it.

The phone rang. Sean picked it up, "Hi Mom." 

"Shannon, sweetie, how are you?" 

"I'm great, actually. How are you two doing?" 

"We're fine, the weather is terrific here. Your dad has a wicked sunburn. How is school?" 

"It's going fine. I think I caused a riot yesterday, though." 

"Really, how?" 

"I let my hair down." 

His mom laughed. "What did Misty say?" 

"She propositioned me, of course." They both laughed. 

"Well, I'm glad to hear you're having fun. Not too much fun, I hope. No wild orgies?" 

"Maybe a couple." 

"Tell Sean I said hi. Love you!" 

"Love you, too."




On the way to school, Shannon reminded Sean that she was heading to Erica's house afterwards. 

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do," he joked. Since he had been told by Misty about the blogging and that his reputation had improved a bit in rank, he had been torn between telling Shannon about the blogging and letting her continue to fool his girlfriend a bit longer. 

Shannon gave him a withering look. "I have already done enough to get you out of the sex cellar. I'd rather not do anything else if I can help it." 

"You have to at least give her a good kiss, otherwise she may decide your other kisses were a fluke." 

"Fine, one good kiss, I'll just close my eyes and pretend she is Adam. Speaking of whom, how was the date?"

"It went pretty well. I didn't barf on him or anything."

"Thank God for small favors. He seemed to like the outfit. Did you talk to him at all? Did he try to get physical? I need details."

"We talked about music and stuff. He took me to his uncle's house for a picnic, had it all planned out. There is a butterfly enclosure there, it's pretty neat. He must really like you to go to that amount of effort." Sean hoped to distract her away from the question about how physical the date had gotten. He still couldn't believe how far it went, and there was no way he could explain it to her.

"I just wish I was the one dressed up and enjoying the attention." Shannon brooded, forgetting to press him for further details.

Sean and Shannon had been doing all right in each other's classes when homework was the only consideration. Unfortunately Sean finally got hit with a pop quiz in Calculus, which he had not yet taken. He failed miserably, and knew Shannon would be furious. If the switch continued much longer, the portion of her grades based on quizzes and tests would plummet.

During free period, Sean found himself thinking about Shannon's prodigious talent and fitness level, and whether she could channel it towards school while still looking for an instructor of the right caliber. He walked into the empty auditorium and imagined Shannon up there dancing, with the whole school applauding afterwards. Unfortunately, without switching back, all Sean could do consciously was singular moves like pirouettes and plies and such. Someone would need to tell his body how to link things together as art. They really need to figure this switch out soon, he thought. 

He walked up the stairs and across the stage lightly. Then he did a pirouette that flared his skirt out to reveal the blue panties. "Woops," he thought. He hummed some half-forgotten music from one of his sister's recitals, and his body started to move in a few graceful, well-rehearsed steps. The music helped put a few moves together, and he now wondered whether playing it for real would allow him to recreate a whole performance. He tried to remember more of the song, but just a few bars here and there were all he could recall. As he moved haltingly around the stage, his long legs and short skirt showed well-defined muscle in calves and thighs.

Kristen watched from the shadows of the stage, mesmerized by the redhead. She was missing a class but did not care. The ugly duckling was gone, and this beautiful dancer had her hooked. Kristen had never felt such longing for any male, instead everyone had always wanted her, chased her, obsessed over her. She had waited impatiently for Shannon to seek her out after their encounter, but nothing had happened. Instead the girl had started dressing up instead of down, unbelievably beautiful to her, as if to twist the knife in her gut. The turnaround was devastating. 

She had surreptitiously followed Shannon around for the past two days, sick to her stomach with desire. This morning Kristen had readied herself as carefully as she knew how: trimming her pussy, waxing, skin softener, her most expensive perfume, eyebrows plucked, makeup applied to perfection, hair styled in a perfect French braid, teeth flossed and breath sweet, Victoria's secret angels lingerie with stockings and garter under a wraparound dress that showed her tits to perfection. 

When she got to school, every cheerleader she saw had asked what the special occasion was. She made up a story about a photo shoot and possible modeling gig immediately after school.

The redhead finally stopped dancing and looked ready to leave. Kristen stepped from the shadows. "Shannon, wait up!" Her voice was a bit shaky. 

Sean saw the tall blonde goddess step into the light and got such a rush of desire he was relieved. "Not totally gay yet," he thought. "Hello, Kristen. Why are you so dressed up?" 

"Someone-, uh, something special I wanted to do today. Do you have a minute? I'd like to talk, no fighting, I promise." 

"Ok, as long as it's not about Adam." 

"It's not, believe me. We could sit on the edge of the stage, I guess, or I know a place that is a bit more comfortable." 

"Ok." 

Kristen led her backstage to the unused director's office, where there was a desk and a couch. She sat nervously on the edge of the couch while Sean chose to lean on the desk. Sean was aware of intriguing sexual tension due to their earlier encounter, and enjoyed the feeling being caused by a girl for a change. He then recalled the problems caused for his sister by this beauty and felt his desire wane. 

He looked down at the blonde bombshell and said evenly, "I've been enjoying not being a pariah around here. I guess I should thank you." 

"As if I could have stopped you after your transformation. You're so stunning, no one would listen if I had proof you worshipped Satan as a hobby. You could probably have a dick hidden under there and still be popular at this rate." 

Sean smiled wryly at the irony. "Well, you know there isn't one."

"Yes, I do." Kristen shifted, rubbing one leg up over the other. From his recent experience with the same leg actions, Sean suspected she was very turned on at the memory. He wondered what she was wearing under the dress. "I had never been with a girl before, you know." 

"I remember you saying that. I hadn't either." 

"So we were virgins, in a sense." 

"More than you know." 

Kristen was puzzled for a moment, but then continued. "I wanted to apologize again for the way I have treated you in the past. Can we get past that?" 

"I don't know. Definitely not yet, anyway. It's only been a few days, Kristen. You haven't really proven anything to me at this point." 

"I guess you're right. I'd like to prove something to you now." Kristen took a deep breath. "Do you like my outfit?" 

"Yes, it's very pretty," Sean answered carefully. 

"I was hoping you would. It has a special feature." Kristen stood up, reached down and untied a hidden string on the wraparound dress. She then shimmied carefully, and the dress fell from her body. Her d-cup breasts strained against the black and pink demi-cup bra. The matching panties were low cut with strings around her hips. The tight triangle of silk showed her labia were already engorged. Black stockings rode high on the extra-long, shapely legs. A black and pink garter belt completed the set. Kristen stood posed on her high heels, more nervous than confident despite her magnificent body and face. She had never feared rejection until now, and so had stacked the deck as much as she knew how.

Sean stared unabashedly at the beauty before him. He had seen much of the blonde the other day, but only poorly lit and up close. The full effect of the complete woman before him was stunning. He was awestruck that such a woman wanted him, or really Shannon. 

He cleared his throat. "Turn around, let me see the rest." 

Kristen turned to show her exquisite ass outlined in silk cut high on each cheek. Sean nearly leaped on her, but the thought of how his sister felt about this girl helped him hold his ground. It helped that he could no longer see Kristen's enormous blue eyes.

"Kristen, I'm not the girl for you, I'm sorry." 

Kristen's shoulders hunched at the rejection. "Why not?" 

"The jury is still out on whether you are a good person, and I'm dating Adam, your ex-boyfriend. We shouldn't be doing each other, too. Also, the girl thing may be sort of temporary for me." 

Kristen dropped to her knees slowly and ended up hugging herself loosely. "I don't care about Adam anymore, to be honest. He's a great guy and great in bed and all, but suddenly I'm not that into guys." Kristen shifted and looked back over her shoulder, still kneeling. "I'll do anything for you, though." 

The view of her pleading face, long slim back stretched gracefully above the horizontal line of her garter belt, venus dimples above buttocks bent and straining the tight panties, was something that Sean would try to remember forever. He clenched his hands on the edge of the desk. "I should go before we regret this." 

Kristen turned and crawled slowly toward him, breasts hanging heavily against her bra, rounded ass flexing under pink and black. Her high-cheekboned face was flushed and long eyelashes shadowed her eyes. She reached Sean's feet as he stood paralyzed. She bent and kissed his instep, then licked up his calf. "Just one more time, please, I beg you." 

Kristen slid her hands up the exquisite legs slowly, past the knees, and then up the outside of the thighs. She began kissing again above the knee, making her way up the inner thighs, her hair tickling Sean's smooth skin. The short skirt was slowly raised, exposing blue panties with a large wet spot. Kristen sniffed the juices and moaned, gripping the muscled thighs tightly as if trying to prevent her quarry from escaping. Sean could not have moved if his life depended on it.

Kristen licked the silky material, tasting the redhead again. She pushed her tongue into the fabric and caressed the labia. Sean's legs spread outward to accommodate her while his heart raced. 

Kristen continued to probe with her tongue, slowly. Then she let go of Sean's thigh with her right hand and slid it around up the between his legs. He felt her long fingers caress up the crack of his ass as her tongue continued to torment him. Her fingers slid the tight panties to the side, exposing his pussy and anus. She licked his clitoris and wet her index finger with his juices, then she teased the sphincter with the slick digit. Sean nearly collapsed at the dual sensations. Kristen didn't want her lover to go too soon, so she pulled back before the girl could tip over the edge.

Kristen slid her hands up and pulled the panties down while Sean lifted his buttocks off the edge of the desk. She then reached up and unbuttoned the dress by feel while kissing and licking the soft skin above and to the sides of the red-haired strip. Sean caressed her hair, then let go as the blonde grabbed the skirt of the dress and stood, pulling the dress up and over his head. 

Kristen paused to marvel at the dancer's body, now wearing only the blue bra and sandals. She was so feminine, and yet showed muscle each time she moved. She was irresistible, amazing, intoxicating. Kristen had to see all of her, so she reached and unclasped the bra at the front, letting the C-cup breasts stand proudly, dark pink nipples taut. She sucked one, then the other, while sliding the bra off the redhead's shoulders. She then hugged the girl to her and kissed her full on the mouth as she caressed her back and stroked her ass. 

Sean felt the blonde's lingerie rubbing sensually at his nipples and hips and thighs as they kissed. He gripped one large breast in his left hand and held the small of her back with the other. He then moved his lower hand to the skin between Kristen's stockings and panties, running smooth fingernails around the area. 

Kristen dragged them over to the couch and leaned Sean over and down onto it, kissing him all the while. She quickly slid her panties off and climbed on top of the redhead with her head hovering over the awaiting pussy. Sean found himself in his second 69 of the last 24 hours, this time surrounded by stocking-clad legs and looking up at the pussy of the hottest blonde he had ever met. 

The two girls sank together, tongues lapping their wet labia and clits. Sean licked slowly from clit down to moist crevice and back, while Kristen circled the dancer's clit with sure strokes. Their bodies writhed in pleasure while they each grabbed their partner's ass to hold steady. 

Sean spread Kristen's labia with his fingers. Her blonde pussy was fascinating to him, and he wanted to explore every inch of it, slowly. 

Kristen had inserted a finger into Sean's vagina and was slowly pumping it in and out. She spread his juices all around, making the entire area slick before she nuzzled and licked vigorously.

Their hearts quickened to a pounding beat as they each hit various erogenous areas with their tongues and fingers. Kristen, being the more experienced, set the pace based on how far along she thought the redhead was. Her own body was easy to gauge from experience, and she wanted to come at the same time as her infatuation did.

Sean went along for the ride, trying to keep up as the blonde seemed to have two tongues and twenty fingers. He licked and suckled Kristen's clitoris with his tongue, three fingers inserted into her vagina and pumping steadily. 

Suddenly Kristen's body started to go out of control, the redhead was overwhelming her. The blonde tried to suppress it but couldn't hold back. She inserted one wet finger into her partner's anus and sucked on her clit, humming harshly to vibrate it. Sean felt like his pussy was electrified, and cried out as his toes curled and his pelvis lifted Kristen, pumping up and down as the orgasm took hold. 

Kristen's orgasm was even better, the result of days of longing for the beautiful, forbidden woman beneath her. She shuddered, teeth clenched to prevent a scream that might echo around the auditorium. She passed out for a few seconds from the intensity of her release.

Sean slid out from under the tall, tanned body of the head cheerleader. Kristen rolled to her side, still dazzled by the best orgasm she had ever had. She had tears in her eyes. Sean rolled to face her and saw them. 

He was puzzled, "Are you ok?" She looked so vulnerable. 

"No, not really. That was so amazing!" She started to cry harder. 

"You're crying because it was amazing? I don't understand." 

"You're as oblivious as a guy, you know?" 

"I guess." 

"This may have been a little experimentation for you, but it meant everything to me, even if I didn't want it to. I've never felt like that with anyone else. I could love you. But you don't really want to be with me, do you?" 

"No, I can't, not right now, at least. I'm sorry." 

"Please get dressed and go away, seeing you naked is not helping me." 

Sean realized he was lying in Shannon's birthday suit beside the lingerie-clad fantasy of every guy in school. And he was rejecting her. Only the switch could have produced a situation this fucked up, he thought ruefully as he pulled on his panties and picked up his bra.




Shannon found Erica standing beside the car after school. She had apparently teased her hair after school since it had quite a bit more volume and bounce than her usual. Her cheerleading uniform hung just below her crotch as she leaned casually against the fender, legs crossed. "Does this girl ever not look like sex on a stick?" Shannon wondered.

As a dancer, she was used to the occasional risqué movement or performance or outfit, but it seemed like Erica's whole life revolved around maximizing her allure. 

"Hey, babe, did you do something to your hair?" Shannon greeted her like she thought his brother would. 

"Hi, stud, I was just playing around. Did you bring some muscles for me?" 

"Only one," Shannon flirted as best she could. Erica laughed and they got in and drove to her house.

Once inside she led the way down the carpeted steps. Shannon cursed as she bumped Sean's head on a low part of the stairwell. Erica giggled and kept going into the finished room. 

It seemed comfortable, with a big L-shaped couch, several padded wooden armchairs and a stereo/TV combo built into the wall. There were lally columns running down the center at 10 foot intervals. A tall box was leaning against and hiding the last one, with a larger box over to the side. 

"Those are the boxes. They're big and awkward. My dad couldn't even move them." 

"I'm hoping these monkey arms are good for something," Shannon replied. 

Erica watched her pick up the first box and carry it across the basement to the door. "That's far enough for now." 

"You sure?" Shannon was barely breathing hard after picking nearly 200 lbs. Sean's body was amazing, she thought for the umpteenth time.

"Have a seat on that chair and rest a minute. I want to thank you properly." 

"Uh oh," Shannon thought. She sat down and waited for the elaborate hug and kiss she was sure to receive. 

Erica had other plans. "Remember 'close your eyes'?" 

"Yes," Shannon smiled at the recollection.

"Your turn." 

Shannon closed her eyes and waited. Erica talked to cover the other noises she might make. "I liked that so much, you were so hot that night." 

Suddenly Sean heard a sound, "zzzz..." and felt something tug on her wrists. She looked and saw that her forearms had been tied with thick zipties to the arms of the chair. 

"What the fuck?" Shannon gasped.

Erica laughed. "You're my prisoner." 

"Get these off me!" Shannon tried to slide her arms back to free them, but the back of the chair was in the way. The cheerleader had planned well.

"What's the magic word?" Erica teased, still smiling. 

"Please?" 

"Nope, that's your safety word, silly." 
