 Day 5

Sean dreamed about Kristen. She was still crying, dressed in her lingerie. Still in Shannon's body, he comforted her, one thing led to another, and they were making out. Kristen sucked on his tits and caressed his ass, murmuring, "I wish you had a dick." 

The dream Sean bent her over the bed and growled, "I do!" Sean's penis had appeared on Shannon's body, and he sank it to the hilt into Kristen's pussy from behind. The feeling was familiar but the view past his heaving breasts astonishing, and he and Kristen both cried out... Sean woke up, heart pounding and panties wet. He was still Shannon. Fuck. What a weird dream.

Shannon had woken up even earlier, groaning at the feel of her penis pressing into the mattress. When would this end? She had to get out and do something to get her mind off the dick in her pants. She threw on a t-shirt and headed out for a long, fast run after laying out clothes for Sean on the bed.

Sean cheered up a bit at finding himself alone when he stepped from the shower. He found a skimpy black lace ensemble in Shannon's lingerie drawer and slowly put them on. He posed in front of the mirror, turning himself on with images and actions that he commanded from the beautiful girl therein. He pinched his nipples, finally taking one breast and licking it down towards the tip. He ran his smooth nails down his torso and thighs until his skin was tingling. 

He nearly started masturbating right there, fingers doing a quick caress of his damp pussy, but he figured Shannon would be back any moment. Instead he donned the green button up blouse and dark brown lightweight skirt that Shannon had picked out for him. The blouse was tight across his breasts and at the wrists, while the skirt hugged his round ass and thighs. He put on the strapped, heeled sandals, and then he sat in her makeup chair and practiced crossing his legs, starting to get turned on again.

Shannon stormed through the front door, not even breathing hard after the 5 mile fast run. She took in her brother as he walked into the kitchen in her clothes and felt a bit better at how good her body looked. 

"I always loved that outfit," she said wistfully. 

"You look good in it," he replied, feeling a bit guilty at playing with her body earlier. "Better get going, we don't have much time." 

She headed off to shower and dress quickly, and they headed to school in silence, each wishing the switch would end soon.

*

Not knowing that Shannon now was aware of Erica's blogging ambitions, Sean had decided to take matters into his own hands. When study hall came up during last period, he followed Erica down the hall to deliver his breakup message personally in private, if possible. Unfortunately he would appear to be posing as his sister delivering the message for him. Though this would make him seem like a chickenshit, he didn't think he had much of a choice. It didn't seem fair to ask his sister to deal with any fallout of his mess. 

It was easy to follow Erica, she was pivoting along sexily in 3.5" heels, a tight yellow skirt, and a lace black strapped top with built-in bra that laced up the sides and left several inches of her sexy dusky midriff bare. "How does she get away with dressing like that in school?" he wondered, admiring the view nonetheless. 

Sean would have easily been able to blend in and sneak up on someone in his usual body and clothes, but with Shannon's body he was mistaken. Erica easily spotted the very noticeable redhead skulking behind her. She was curious, so she kept walking past the first girl's room and heard Shannon's heels still behind her, keeping up. She turned a corner and went all the way down the hall to a distant girl's room that was usually empty due to an adjacent construction project in the school's west wing. 

As expected, she heard Shannon come in behind her. The brunette calmly approached the sink and began her usual primping routine, checking her makeup and hair as she watched the Shannon's reflection in the mirror. 

"Erica." 

"Hi, Shannon." 

"You, uh, look nice today." 

Erica smiled broadly. Sean had no idea how girls began conversations in the bathroom. 

"Thanks, so do you. That green really brings out your eyes." 

"Thanks. Sorry, but I guess there is no way to sugarcoat this. I came to deliver a message for Sean." 

Erica's eyes shifted back towards her in the mirror as she applied mascara. 

"He has suggested a new blog entry theme for you to write about called 'the time I got dumped.'" 

Erica put some final touches on her lipstick and put the makeup back in her purse. Then, as Shannon's reflection continued to wait for a reply, she reached into her top and lifted each breast into a higher position. She then pulled up her skirt to adjust her yellow thong, taking her time and giving the girl a good view of her buttocks and the small tattoo in front on her hip. 

She saw the redhead's eyes widen at the display and smiled mischievously. "I think you misunderstand my relationship with Sean. See, I'm the cat, he's my mouse that I enjoy playing with. The mouse doesn't really go out with, or break up with, the cat." 

"Really, I don't think he was aware of that." Sean was both furious and aroused. 

Erica continued, "I can seduce your brother any time I want. I did just last night, and I didn't hear any complaints. He made me come twice, in fact." 

Sean had been a bit mesmerized by Shannon's sensual adjustments, her endless tan legs and bright yellow thong, but now shock chased the feeling away. Shannon had had sex in his body! She had lied to him, at least by omission. 

He tried to rally. "He doesn't appreciate you not telling him he was a "rode" test and that you plan to write all about him." 

Erica turned slowly to face him, leaning her rounded ass against the counter and crossing her legs. She put her arms back on the counter and slightly arched her back, thrusting her breasts a bit and showing her diamond belly stud and an extra inch of flat dusky stomach. The subtle, teasing show deepened Sean's breathing. 

"Just because he is suddenly a great lover doesn't mean I can't trash your brother any time I want to, you know. But I'll make a deal with you. I'll leave him alone from now on, and leave him with a stellar rating." 

"That sounds good." 

"You haven't heard the good part yet." Erica tilted her head. "You know, Kristen is not the only one who knows her way around the field house." 

"What?" 

Erica smiled knowingly at the shocked redhead. "I followed you two the other day. I gotta admit, that was quite the show. I nearly came twice just watching you two." 

"Oh, no." 

"Oh, yes. So, to tell you the truth, what I want in return is... you, just once. I had been considering seducing Kristen, but she is my best friend. That could get too complicated, and now you're my new fantasy girl anyway. I've never seen such beautiful hair, and those legs of yours are to fucking die for." 

Sean couldn't help but be flattered that this sex kitten was fantasizing about him, really his sister, but he was driving her body. He debated: if the switch wasn't permanent, this would help him eventually, but then again his sister would flip if she ever found out about Kristen, let alone Erica. On the other hand, part of him was also resentful that his sister had slept with his girlfriend and was apparently better at it than he was. That part didn't really care what Shannon thought, and wanted to prove her wrong. 

"When?" He stalled. 

"Here. Now." 

He watched Erica's nipples hardening visibly in her tight top. He stepped up to a separate sink to look in the mirror and consider the proposal. 

Erica slowly stood up and walked to the door, but rather than leaving, she turned the lock. Then she stepped close, circling around behind him. She looked over Sean's shoulder and into the mirror. It framed them together while she slowly reached out and brushed the long red hair away from the side of his neck. She leaned her lips close to the bare skin. 

"So?" she whispered, letting him feel her breath. Her spread hand combed through his hair gently while her other hand softly touched his ass and rubbed. She continued to gaze with eyelashes lowered at his wide green eyes in the mirror. Sean felt like he was falling through the looking glass into those sultry brown eyes.

"Ok," he whispered back to the beautiful brunette.

Erica kissed his neck, sucking gently, while rubbing her breasts softly against Sean's back. Her hand was now squeezing his ass more firmly. 

He breathed deep and caught the mixed scent of his own strawberry fragrance and Erica's familiar perfume. Erica wrapped her arms around Sean's waist from behind, then she cupped his breasts through the blouse. She rubbed his nipples with expert fingers and then unbuttoned the blouse slowly but steadily. Sean's black lace bra was revealed, and he stood mesmerized by the mirror as his girlfriend pulled the blouse off his shoulders. 

The tight cuffs trapped his hands as she pulled it behind him. Erica smiled at the redhead's temporary helplessness and slipped her arms under his to cup his breasts again, pinching the nipples through the thin lace bra cups and lightly biting his neck until he was squirming, clitoris rubbing hard against the counter top. 

Erica stepped back suddenly, hands on cocked hips, allowing him to turn and quickly unbutton the cuffs of the blouse. The blouse dropped to the floor, and Erica shook her head. "Careful, remember, you have to get dressed again." She bent to pick up the blouse and hang it up carefully while Sean unbuttoned his skirt and stepped out of it. He folded it carefully and turned to drape it over a handicap rail. 

Erica's pulse quickened at the sight of the alabaster skin, black underwear, muscled calves and taut hamstrings, heels set on the floor wider than her hips, venus dimples shaded darkly above the exquisite ass leading up to the wasp waist, tapered back and slightly broad shoulders. Her fantasy girl, indeed.

Sean turned to find Erica had more quickly removed her own yellow skirt. She tried to drape the skirt on a bar behind her without taking her eyes off his sister's perfect body, but the skirt slid off without her noticing. 

Sean smiled sexily at this first sign of Erica losing control. He had never seen such urgency in her, even when viewing his own gorgeous male body. Erica's hands slid lightly along the front of her hips until they were caressing the exposed skin at either side of the tiny thong. The two sirens faced each other for a second, the moment rich with anticipation. Sean broke the impasse by stepping forward and grasping her thrusting breasts with both hands, kissing her at the same time. 

Erica moaned as one hand slid to rub the center of her own thong and the other snaked around to squeeze her lover's ass. She pulled Sean's hips closer, turning the hand in between them and moving it so it rubbed hard on both vulvas at the same time. Sean squeezed her breasts harder as he felt the new friction. 

He broke off the kiss and bit her neck as his hands pulled the straps of her top off her shoulders and down until her nipples slipped free of the fabric. Erica's hand moved from his ass to tangle in the long red tresses and pull Sean's head down to one half-exposed breast. Sean sucked hard and Erica cried out. The hand between them slipped down the front of Sean's panties and went to work directly on his wet clitoris. 

Sean backed up slowly towards the counter as Erica stepped with him, locked in their embrace. When Erica felt his ass bump the counter, she moved both hands to Sean's black panties and slipped them downward, exposing the red-haired pussy to her eager gaze. 

Sean boosted his ass up onto the counter and let the girl finish slipping the panties past his heels. He spread his legs and Erica stepped into the gap. Her talented hands darted behind him to undo his bra with a quick twist and pull it off. Sean was now completely naked except for the heels. 

Sean's fabulous legs lifted and bent around the cheerleader's body, lightly dragging the heels along her round ass. Erica bent and sucked one engorged nipple while rolling the other one between her fingers. Her other hand had returned to rubbing Sean's clit, which pulsed achingly at the attention.

Erica slowly licked her way down the dancer's body, pausing to tongue the ridged stomach muscles and taut belly button. When her hot breath hit Sean's wet juices, he grabbed her long hair in one hand while bracing the other behind him. Erica licked lasciviously along from the bottom of his slit to his clit as he pressed her face into his mound. Sean's back arched, shaking his breasts as Erica expertly moved from one tingling nerve ending to another, in a pattern which took him slowly up the curve. For several minutes Erica continued the erotic play, the bathroom silent except for the sound of the redhead's excited breaths and groans. Erica finally thrust two fingers into the vagina below as she sucked the clit, sending Sean over the edge. He cried out, both hands pushing the brunette's face into his pussy as his heels poked Erica's back.

Sean pulled Erica up to kiss her wetly, licking up the juices from his sister's body. Erica was amazed by the uninhibited actions that nearly matched her own; she had thought this girl inexperienced. Sean caressed Erica's exposed breasts as he kissed her, pinching the nipples lightly. Then he caught her in an armlock and spun her hard against the counter. Erica was a bit shocked at the move and the strength revealed. A tiny bit of doubt burgeoned in her mind; she might not be able to control this girl like she did all the guys. The feeling of unpredictability enhanced Erica's excitement.

Sean grasped Erica's wrists from behind and placed her hands on the counter. "Stay still, and look in the mirror," he commanded. Erica saw the yellow thong practically glowing against her tan skin, then her eyes moved up her flat stomach to her own thrusting c-cups spilled out from the top, nipples hard and aching. She reached up to caress her own nipple, but Sean slapped her hand away. "No touching." Erica was surprised to her herself moan in disappointment. 

Sean pressed his sister's magnificent body against his now ex-girlfriend from behind, rubbing his breasts on her back as he bit down on shoulder and caressed the sides of her breasts with his soft hands. Sean's tilted green and gold eyes locked on Erica's brown ones in the mirror as he sucked her neck. Erica shuddered at the erotic image and the sensations. 

Sean continued to tease her, his fingers coming very close to the nipples but never touching as he kissed and sucked the skin on her shoulders, eyes watching her the whole time. Sean wished he had a dick as well as he pressed his pelvis against Erica' firm ass, pushing her mound against the countertop hard and making her gasp. Erica's heart pounded faster and faster. The redhead finally relented and rolled her aching nipples between thumb and forefingers. "Oh, yes!" Erica cried, rubbing herself against the countertop.

Sean put one muscled leg between Erica's and slid her legs apart while pulling her hips backward. Erica was now leaning hard on the counter, head down, legs spread wide on heels, yellow g-string running up between her naked buttocks. Not having a penis to satisfy the ready vixen, Sean instead crouched between her legs and turned, balanced on his heels, bending his sister's flexible back, hanging onto Erica's ass from underneath as he bent his head backward, long hair dangling down his spine. He pressed his mouth and tongue to the soaking yellow fabric. 

"Yes, eat me!" Erica cried. 

Sean pulled the thong to one side and complied eagerly. He parted her swollen labia with his tongue and lapped her clitoris slowly and deeply, savoring the taste as Erica quivered. Sean used his sister's agility to balance easily on the heels, back arched, breasts thrusting, knees spread and thighs flexed, freeing his hands. His left hand went to spread Erica's labia and expose the clit fully to his tongue and lips. His right hand dropped to caress his own pussy, his wanton position firing his imagination like nothing he'd done yet this week. 

Shannon's dominant hand knew exactly what to do, fingers masturbating expertly and letting him concentrate fully on fucking the vixen with his left. Erica's hips were rolling forward and backward on her shaking legs as his fingers spread to caress the sides of her mound with firm pressure, tongue licking up the middle. Sean slapped her clit lightly with his fingers, making her jump, then he rolled it between his fingers just hard enough to hurt slightly. Erica moaned as the pain and pleasure intertwined. Sean thrust his tongue into the dripping slit as deeply as he could, it felt so slippery. "So damn good!" Erica gasped.

Sean felt himself tightening, getting close as his fingers moved in circles on his clit. He moved his left hand to dip it into the soaking vagina above him, then caressed the tight little anus with wet fingertips as he resumed licking and flicking the clit. "Oh, oh, oh, oh, yyyyessss!" Erica cried as she came. Sean's orgasm hit just moments later, his right middle finger deep in his slit, feeling the muscles contract around it, but balanced on the heels the whole time. 

Erica smiled to herself as she heard the redhead come for a second time. "She's so damn hot!" she thought.

Sean got up slowly as Erica turned to lean on the counter once more. 

"Come here," Erica requested. Sean stepped forward, expecting a kiss, but instead Erica raised his right hand to her mouth, sucking each finger to taste the redhead's juices one more time. 

"Best deal I ever made," Erica whispered. 

*

Misty was still bothered by Shannon's behavior and wrong answers. She decided to check and see how Sean was doing instead, so she skipped class and watched him go to his locker. "I could stare at him all day," she admitted to herself, biting her lip. 

As she watched, he opened his locker right handed. "Wait, I know he's a lefty," she thought. She approached him as the other kids hurried off to class, "Hi there!" 

"Hey, skank!" Shannon so surprised to see Misty that she accidentally greeted her in their usual way.

Misty's suspicions doubled at the greeting. She smiled and played along, "I guess someone's been hanging with his sister a bit too much! How's it going?"

"Ok, I guess. How have you been this week?" Shannon could not help being curious and asking the question a bit more intensely than intended. She had missed her friend a lot. 

"I've been good. Your sister has been kind of quiet, though, not quite herself. Do you know if she is upset with me?"

"Um, no, definitely not," Shannon replied, concerned that her friend was misinterpreting her brother's actions.

"Hey, someone asked me and I realized I forgot: how much older are you than your twin?" 

"10 minutes."

"I thought Shannon was older?"

"Oh, yeah, she is."

"And my middle name is?" 

"Abigail." Shannon replied without thinking. Then she put her hand over her mouth in a feminine gesture. Misty had told her no one else knew the embarrassing moniker. She tried to recover, saying quickly, "Um, Shannon told me that."

Misty wasn't buying it. "Are you ok? You two are acting very strange. Shannon won't talk to me and you're answering everything like she would." 

Shannon could not help flinching guiltily, then she felt tears come to her eyes and turned away to try and hide them. Misty reached up and put her hand on a large shoulder, and was startled to be suddenly hugging a crying 5'10" guy, her face buried against a very hard chest. Shannon could not stop herself, she needed to talk to someone about the switch. 

"Oh, Misty, I missed you so much!"
