 Day 7

Shannon's eyes popped open suddenly. She could feel her cheek resting on someone's skin. Daylight illuminated the room and refracted off long strands of red hair that lay over her eyes. She could feel a dull ache between her legs. Her left arm was underneath her, completely numb from lack of blood flow.

She looked down and saw it was a male chest that her head was resting on. Her right hand flew to her face and felt high cheekbones and creamy skin and no beard. Her hand went up and got tangled in curly red hair. She pulled it free and felt along her neck downward, finally cupping a firm breast and feeling her nipple contract. She jerked away from the body she was laying on and fell off the couch to the floor with a yell.

Sean woke at the noise and sat up. He looked down at his naked body, morning wood showing he had to pee badly. No breasts! He clasped his hands together and felt calluses and strength, then he hugged himself. "Thank God!" he exclaimed.

He looked down and saw Shannon sitting on the floor, also naked, hair falling everywhere, rubbing her left arm, tears running down her face. "Are you ok?" 

She looked up at him, "I am soooo fucking ok, now, you have no idea!" She laughed, eyes gleaming through the tears. "You fell asleep on top of my arm, though. Ow, that tingles." 

"We did it, sis. I can't believe it!" 

She blushed at the unintentional double entendre. "Thank god it worked, but we still don't know why it happened in the first place." 

She felt a bit self-conscious now, especially with Sean's penis still half-erect and his gorgeous nude body only two feet away. She looked around for her clothes. "I guess you could call last night the ultimate drunken hookup. You'd better go pee, I know how that feels." 

He grinned and headed for the bathroom, but paused to look back at her naked body. They stared at each other for a long moment, and then turned away.

Shannon gathered her clothes and headed for her room. She reveled in the lightness and balance and supple grace of her body. Wow, did I miss this, she thought. The redhead dug around in her room for some clothes and cleaned up a bit since she could still hear Sean in the shower. 

Why was there a jog bra and shorts under the bed? She went to her underwear drawer and noticed things disturbed and her favorite peach lingerie missing. She checked the hamper and found the missing stuff there. She sniffed her panties and found they smelled strongly of her own juices. What the hell?

Wearing only her small robe, Shannon marched into the bathroom with the underwear in hand. Sean was just toweling off from the shower. 

"Sean?" 

He looked up and instantly was aroused at the sight of her legs and cleavage. "Um, hey," he carefully wrapped his midsection. "Try knocking next time, I might have been busy in here getting to know myself again, so to speak." 

"Yeah, I know, the damn thing wants constant attention." 

"Oh, you do? And did you give it some?" his arousal was getting worse as they talked about it, tenting the towel. 

"Well, I guess I did, once or twice." Shannon blushed, but then countered. "Want to explain these?" she held up the panties. 

"Oh, I, uh, wore them Tuesday," Sean was embarrassed. 

"Why? I gave you that other stuff you asked for, which I just found under the bed." 

"Well, to tell the truth, I liked looking at you in the good stuff instead. I'm sorry. And they felt nicer." He was really red in the face now. 

"That's ok, I guess, I'd been ogling your body myself all week. However, these also smell like I've been fooling around in them." 

Sean thought for a minute and then decided there was not much point in evading the question, not after what they had done last night. "Why don't you take a shower while I get dressed, and then we need to talk."

A half hour later they were seated at the table with coffee and bagels, which both were too nervous to eat. Shannon could hardly look at her twin without blushing in remembrance of their passionate sex the night before. Sean felt the same way, gripping his mug hard enough to whiten his knuckles. 

He sipped the coffee and took a deep breath. "Ok, there's a lot to tell you, but first things first: I swear I did not have intercourse with any guy besides you this week. That includes Adam." 

Shannon blushed a bit, realizing he might have controlled himself better than her. "That's good to know. Go on."

"Do you remember that on Tuesday Kristen picked a fight with me, and after that she agreed to stop blackballing you around school?" 

"Sure, I was wondering what you said to her." 

He looked at her for a long moment. "Wait a sec... No, you didn't! She hates me." 

"Actually, she had a crush on you." 

"Oh, god, I can't believe it! Did anyone see you?" 

"No, we were alone in the wrestling room, she tackled me, the stupid sweatpants came off, I subdued her, we kissed, and yada yada." 

Shannon put her hands over her face and groaned, but then she had to laugh. "How was the bitch queen, considering you've been lusting after her for months?"

"Wow, do you really want to know?" 

Shannon had a strange look on her face, a mix of reluctance and intense curiosity. Her eyes glittered a bit as she answered, "I guess I do. After all, I have to deal with her from now on. Are we a couple?"

"No, not at all. In fact, I made it clear that it was a one time thing, that she had been too mean to you." 

"And yet she agreed to leave me alone, that seems strange." 

"Well, that was, uh, after the second time." 

"Second time? When was this? Where?" 

"Well, she sort of got obsessed. The sex was really good because of the things you told me Monday, and she showed me a lot as well. Then you changed my look at the same time by coincidence, so Thursday she came on to me again backstage in the auditorium." 

"And?" 

"She was begging for it, and she looked amazing, you have no idea. Dressed to the nines, stockings, garter, wow..." His eyes unfocused as he remembered. Shannon found herself getting a bit warm, too.

Sean was desperate to change the subject now. "I have to ask you a few things, too. Why did my rating from Erica go up so much? Misty mentioned I'm number one. You don't get that from some kisses."

Now Shannon was blushing furiously. "Ok, fine. I can't believe you saddled me with her without warning me a little. Erica could seduce a saint, even a gay one. She was all over me Monday night, I made her come with some feminine expertise, but then she rubbed her ass all over my lap and gave me an incredible blowjob. I swear I never knew a girl could make a guy feel that way, I thought my head would explode."

"Well now you know. She's the first who ever went down on me, but I guess I hit the jackpot there. I don't think most girls are anywhere near that good."

"Well, I was also a bit too good. She couldn't believe it. So then she wanted more. She talked me into coming over Wednesday to help her move stuff, then she tricked me down in her basement and tied me down." 

"Wow, really? That sounds hot." 

Shannon sighed. "She was just getting started. She has a fucking stripper pole, can you believe it? She stripped to songs by Prince and then she rode me like a pogo stick. So I lost my virginity, again." 

"Wow, did you ever." 

"She also wanted something more." 

"What else is there?" 

"Her ass." 

"You're kidding, anal too? Fuck, Shannon, you've been more places than I have." 

"What could I do, I was tied down!" 

"How did it feel?" 

"Incredibly hot and tight. She came like crazy." Shannon could not help looking satisfied and smug as she remembered how hard they both came.

"Wow, is there a video?"

"Perv. Anyway, she left me alone after that, I'm not sure why. Maybe she got enough data for her blog. I'm almost insulted she didn't come back for more, actually. I was really fucking good."

"Wow, now who's a bit cocky? Actually, she has left you alone because I talked to her the next day, told her you were pissed about the blogging, and convinced her to lay off." 

"Erica does what she wants. How did you convince her?"

"I told her..." he couldn't come up with anything, his face looking guilty again. 

Shannon was incredulous, "Oh no, oh god, oh no. Her too? Jesus, both of them think I'm a lesbian slut now. Did you do the rest of the cheerleaders, too? I'm going to kill you!" 

"Shannon, calm down, please! I don't think it's that bad. She apparently saw me and Kristen, so she had been fantasizing about you, and she said it was one time only, and then she would leave both of us alone!" he stammered quickly.

Shannon was not quite mollified by this. "Christ, I hope she keeps her word. I'm going to be so embarrassed if those two start hitting on me every time I turn around." She had an evil thought stemming from her anger. "Well, I have a bit of news for you, too. Did you know Oliver is bisexual?" 

"No, how do you know, did he tell you?" 

"Sort of," she paused, letting him work on it. 

He gasped when it hit him. "Oh, shit, what did you do?" 

"Well, he caught me looking at him a bit too much in the showers, and apparently he had been hot for you for a while. He came over during your date with my boyfriend to pour his heart out. He was confused, asked for a kiss to help figure things out. You have to understand, I've been fantasizing about him since long before Adam asked me out. Oliver is just so beautiful, and he is hung like a horse. I'm sorry, I just couldn't resist."

Sean's hands had wandered down towards his hips, circling backwards a bit. "Uh.." 

"Oh relax, we didn't do that. Blow jobs only. I don't see this as much different than you doing girls in my body." 

Sean could not help feeling both relieved and even a bit horny, wondering what Oliver's cock looked like erect. Was it bigger than Adam's? He pushed the thought aside. "Maybe it's not, but I'm still not happy. He's kind of my best friend, we work out together almost every day. Am I supposed to kiss him next time I see him?" 

"I hadn't thought of that. Would it be so bad, you kissed Adam this week, didn't you?" 

"Yes, quite a few times, actually." 

"What else did you do?" 

"Stuff." 

"C'mon, out with it, I really need to know where I stand with him." 

Sean sighed, embarrassed again. "Ok, you know how Erica can seduce anyone male? Well, Adam is kind of like that with girls, too, but super nice about it. He's a great guy: considerate, handsome, humble, smart. Your body is nuts for him, and it kind of drew me along. If I were a girl, I'd definitely jump him, and I was, so I did, if that makes sense." 

"How far did you go?" 

"Much farther than I intended, but not all the way, don't get me wrong. Also, Adam did not force himself on me, he just correctly interpreted your body's signals. Holy hell, does he have magic hands and a golden tongue! I can only hope to be that good in bed someday. We masturbated each other on Monday and somehow ended up in a 69 on that 4th date. At the pool yesterday he got me going so much, I was nearly losing my identity and becoming you. I can't believe I'm telling you this, but I gave him a blow job." 

"Wow, and I thought the switch had me messed up." 

"You and me, both. I was actually pretty good at it, so I can't really hold you going down with Oliver against you." 

"So you went down, and in my bikini, too. That sounds fucking hot." 

"Um, actually I was only in half your bikini at the time." 

Shannon felt her pussy warm imagining the scene. "Wait, I thought his mom was there?" 

"Fortunately or unfortunately, she was called into the hospital all of a sudden. Don't worry, she loves you so far. Actually, I'm pretty sure he does too. Love you, I mean." 

"Oh, Sean, really? I'll kill you if you're joking about this." 

"Hey, maybe I'm not the greatest judge of how a guy feels. I mean, look at Mr. Oblivious with Oliver. But Adam really seems gone, I could tell. I hope I didn't mess you up on this, you really deserve him, I think."

"I hope so, too. Ok, I have a question for you: how do you feel about Misty?" 

"She's terrific. Funny, cute, rocking bod, what's not to like?"

"Are you planning to ask her out?" 

"The thought had occurred to me, yes. Especially knowing she likes me. I had been avoiding thinking about her because she's your best friend." 

"Don't do that anymore. Going out with her would be the smartest thing you ever did."

Speaking of the devil, the doorbell rang. Shannon went over and saw the blonde through the glass insert. She threw open the door and yanked the shocked girl into a hug. "Hey, skank!" 

Misty drew back in amazement, "Shannon, is that you?" 

"Yes! We switched back!" 

Misty hugged her back fiercely, whispering, "I'm so glad." A small part of her still wanted the lover and friend together, but she pushed it away. 

Shannon whispered back quickly, "I didn't tell him." 

Looking up, Misty noticed Sean gazing at her intensely. "How are you feeling?" 

She asked to cover up the butterflies now churning in her stomach. Just two days ago she had been wrapped around that body and having the best experience of her life.

"Better, much better. We're sorry we fooled you for a few days, but we didn't think anyone would believe us. I'm also sorry I sort of eavesdropped on stuff you thought you were only telling Shannon." 

"Well, at least we didn't discuss anything too embarrassing like menstrual cramps or something." 

He grinned and her stomach flipped again. Get a hold of yourself, she commanded.

"Would you like to have dinner tonight?" he asked. 

She blushed and looked at Shannon, who nodded quickly. "Ah, ok. That would be great." 

Shannon took her hand and led her to the living room, where all three sat. Misty was still reeling a bit, but her natural curiosity took over. "You must have a pretty unique perspective now on women, Sean." 

"It was quite the experience. I don't think I'll ever forget it, even if I live to be a hundred." 

"Shannon told me about her experience. I think I'd like being a guy for a week, actually." 

"Probably a lot of girls would, and guys if they were honest, but it's a little harder when you become your sibling, your twin. It's very embarrassing at first, actually." 

"I can imagine. If my little brother was... I'll just stop there." 

Sean excused himself, not willing to delve too deeply into the experience with anyone besides Shannon, at least not yet.

The two best friends curled up on the couch to catch up. "So what happened?" 

Shannon was evasive. "We woke up ourselves this morning after falling asleep drunk on the couch. Maybe whatever it was only lasts a week or so."

"I guess so. I can't believe Sean asked me out!" Misty changed the subject excitedly, which made Shannon grateful. 

"I know, I know. I think he's been thinking about you all week since you accidentally spilled the beans about your crush." 

"If only he'd hit on me then, that would have been interesting," Misty joked, sort of. She was wondering how much female anatomy he had learned during the week. It was strange and sexy knowing that the Shannon before her knew what she looked like in extremis.

"Like I said earlier, I didn't tell Sean what we did the other day. It's up to you. I think he can handle it, we both did some weird and wonderful things this week." 

"Really, what did he do?" 

"Let's just say my body is not a stranger on Lesbos." 

"Wow, who did he do?" 

"I'd rather not say yet, although I expect you may find out eventually." 

"Bitch." 

Shannon smiled at the retort. "Keep your shirt on, I'll probably tell you soon." 

"Maybe I should take my shirt off to convince you," Misty said, mostly teasing. 

"Hey, be careful where you point those gunboats, skank." Their usual banter had an added spark resulting from their unusual intimacy, daring each of them to make a move. Shannon had not expected this, but it was something intriguing for the future.

"What shall I wear for my date?" They discussed outfits for a while, staying on the familiar topic to dissipate the sexual tension.

Shannon called Adam as soon as Misty left. 

"Hello?" 

"Hey, handsome. Are you free tonight? I owe you a dinner." 

"I had plans with Emma Stone tonight, but I will cancel them for you." 

Just the sound of his voice made her muscles tighten. "Sean is going out, so we'll have the house to ourselves. See you at 7:30 or so?" 

"Great, see you then."

Sean wandered in from his bedroom. "What are those bags in my room?" 

"A surprise for you. I went shopping yesterday after the gym. Those rags you wear were driving me crazy."

"Rags?" 

"Yes, I apologize for neglecting my sisterly duties as fashion critic in the past. Rest assured you will not be allowed to be such a schlub in the future." She grinned at him. "Wear one of those outfits for Misty tonight, you'll knock her socks off."

Shannon spent the remainder of the day preparing lasagna, exercising and getting ready for the date with a bit of shopping. She took special pleasure in being back in her graceful, beautiful body that was the result of her own hard work. Sean's body had been amazingly strong and fit and fast, but there was a reason Shannon was a dancer, not a fighter. She so enjoyed dancing at the studio again that she was laughing instead of tired at the end of her workout.

The only issue was that she seemed more sexually aroused, both more often and more easily. She tried to hold off masturbating, wanting to save all her energy for Adam later, but when her pussy was begging for attention the third time at home she gave in, part of her wondering what Sean and the switch had done to her this past week.

Sean himself was having a similar problem, although he habitually masturbated every day already. He managed to put together a plan for the evening and make a couple of calls, but then he found himself very distracted and with huge wood for seemingly no reason. He crept to Shannon's door to listen and heard faint moaning from within. This seeming coincidence tipped him over the edge, so he grabbed his dick and stroked it eagerly. As he got closer and closer to finishing, he could hear his sister getting louder. Finally he heard her come with a high pitched cry, and he shot into his fist, filling his palms with hot spunk.

Shannon tried to catch her breath after a very strong orgasm, the result of denying herself previously. She then heard furtive footsteps walking away. Had Sean been listening? The thought was titillating.

Shannon showered and did her makeup and hair. Then she dressed as carefully as she ever had. She started with new lingerie that she had purchased earlier, a dark pink lace thong with a bra that just barely contained her straining breasts and sheer stockings with a matching garter belt under the thong. She then put on a royal blue silk dress. Its skirt was just long enough to cover the tops of the stockings. It had a deep cleavage and zipped up the back.

Sean had showered as well and donned snug black pants and a well-fitting button down green shirt from the new clothes bag. He was surprised at how nice he looked. He would have to make Shannon his personal shopper in the future.

There was a knock at his bedroom door. He opened it and the twins gazed at each other in their best clothes. "Wow," Sean whistled. 

Each twin had the same thought, "it would be nice to switch back and look that good."

Shannon smiled and turned, pulling her tumbling hair over her shoulder. "Can you zip me up?" 

He reached with slightly trembling fingers and touched her skin for the first time since the previous night. "Her back is so smooth," he thought as he pulled the zipper closed. 

"His hands are so warm," she thought. 

"There you go," he said. 
