 I had been traveling for many moons on my way from protecting the people and interests of the lamas in lands far away from my home, back to Nepal for the funeral of my teacher and uncle. He had taught me the ways of the Dap-Dap warrior priests, protectors of the precepts and traditions. In the tradition of Buddhism, we learned never to take life unless there is no other choice. The key to the precepts is compassion and we embody it in our tradition of protection. As I walked, I meditated on the feelings of attachment and despair that flowed through my heart. I had not seen my uncle for many years. I loved him and as I walked, I let the thoughts of anguish for not having returned sooner, when he was alive, play over me. I remembered the years of hard training. How he had spent months teaching me how to use the three yard rope with the hand sized brass rings tied to each end. My uncle was amazing. He could take on three men with swords and in a matter of moments have all of them hog-tied in a pile. He didn’t bruise one person but all were helpless and unarmed. My uncle was the embodiment of compassion and love. I missed him greatly.

As I traveled from town to town, I stopped into each temple that I pasted to pay respects. My path respects all other paths as possible ways to enlightenment. It is up to the individual to find the right path for them. The last temple I had stopped into before the night was one of the old ones. Their tradition must have started long before the Buddha ever set foot on the earth. They worshipped the spirits of nature and honored the flow of prana and the way of the instincts over any simple human concept. During my travels, I’d learned of many quaint but effective spiritual traditions.

The sun was setting early and the air was becoming chilly as I gained altitude, entering the foothills before the mountains. A light breeze blew through the evergreen trees. A few miles down the path after the temple, I found a small roadside hut with a good door that would keep out the forest’s land leaches for the night and slow down the entry of road pirates. It looked like a safe place to sleep in, equipped with a little stove for a warm fire. I entered the one room hut, rolled out my sleeping mat, and ate a light meal of oats, nuts and dried fruit. I then fell promptly to sleep with my head on my backpack as a pillow, fighting rope coiled next to my hand, my body worn out by the hard days travels.

I awoke to the sounds of dripping water echoed off the damp cave cambers as candles and torches burned on the walls. Somehow, during the night the women of the temple that I had visited the night before, on my trip to Tibet, had secured my muscular body to some kind of stone altar. Panic filled me as I realized that they had tied me to the large slab of rock in the middle of the room by brown flexible leather lines. The unseen women had my wrists and ankles tied as well as my hips. For my hips, they had used a large leather belt around my waist to make me immobile. My adventure hardened muscles stood out from my body as I strained against the bonds in my attempts at escape. It was hopeless. I could not budge even my hips from the hard warm slab of rock. To make matters worse at least one woman was with me at all times and they didn’t just stand there and watch me.

As I lay there, one of my attendants had mounted herself on my sore and stiff pole again. They had kept me erect for hours so far. The large mushroomed end was turning purple and the veins stood out like blue night crawlers on a wet rock. At first, I had thought that it was the best thing that had ever happened to me. I woke to find a five foot tall redhead mouthing my lower regions with a quick passion. She ran her tongue around my balls and over my stomach until I was hard and then she promptly climbed onto the table standing with her feet on ether side of my hips while she disrobed. She started out with a red monk robe on but that was all she had on. 

After taking it off, she lowered her wet hole over me. The feeling of wet vaginal flesh on my virgin, for the month, pole made my skin crawl with desire. I could feel the head of it sliding through her wetness and then pressing against the firm opening. Just the tip was touching her and she was very slowly rubbing just the head of me against herself with small quick gyrations of her hips. Then with one motion, she dropped all her weight onto my hardness. Her body enveloped me completely. My hips bucked up to meet her thrust but the leather restraints completely frustrated my thrusting member. She then proceded to grind herself forcefully onto me in a way that left little room for my continued complaint.

I relaxed into the feelings of her enveloping me. She was slowly pulling herself up my shaft and then lowering herself back down with slurping sounds. She kept me hard and excited with her slow rhythm but I could not orgasm from it. It was wonderful. As I lay there, I watched her breasts. They were the size of small grapefruits and her skin was that pale yellow color too. I wanted to touch her breast’s softness, to feel them under my strong fingers. I pulled on the bonds, my biceps rippling with strength, the ropes stretched just a little but I could not reach her at all. As I relaxed, the ropes pulled my arms back out over my head.

The young woman riding my hard shaft watched as I strained against my bonds, a sparkle in her eyes, a spasm pulsing over my pole. The lust in her blue eyes was as undeniable as the fire in the lights reflected there. She reached back behind her thighs and cupped my balls in her fingers. In that position, with her nipples jutting out, she began to move more rapidly up and down. Her thighs rippling with the pleasure she was receiving. I could feel her insides contracting, just about to explode. My balls contracted up against my body getting ready to cum as she came.

In response to the tightening of my scrotum, she wrapped her fingers around my balls, pulled my scrotum down, and with the other hand pressed hard on the space between my balls and my anus. Her hip movements became faster, more fevered. Her red lipped mouth opened with a panting, throaty cry, her crotch contracting with more pressure than I had ever felt from another woman. In her passion she pulled painfully hard on my scrotum. I tried to thrust up to cum but I could not move due to the bonds and I could not cum from the way she was holding me. In frustration I yelled, “Let me fuck you!” My cock burned to cum.

She just looked down at me over her breasts as she relaxed from her orgasm and smiled. Then she righted herself and lifted herself off me. I could feel myself plop out, the cold air hitting my hot cock. I watched torpidly as she stood up, put on her red robe and walked out of sight. I lay there in frustration, my hardness bobbing ludely in the air. I lay on the warm slab or rock for some time struggling for my freedom and then my cock started to relax. It was not yet soft but not standing up on its own either. As I felt it withering, I heard the soft bare footsteps of the fiery robed woman coming back. She walked in with a pale blue robe and hood covering her face. She walked up to the table, reached out, and grabbed me semi-limp shaft. To my surprise, I realized this was not the same woman but a new taller sturdier one. My wet softening shaft in hand, she began to cup and rub the silky head of it. 

After that first encounter, I was very sensitive and the sensation of the velvety hand of the blue robed woman on my nether head made my hips jerk as uncontrolled impulses to pump into that feeling shocked my mind. It did not take long for me to become rock solid again. I waited for her to climb onto my hard shaft and impale herself but she didn’t. Instead, she walked to the head of the low table, pulled her robe up just over her hips, spread her knees apart and lowered herself onto my mouth. I still could not see much of her body but the hair growing from between her legs was long and back. The red inner lips were already sticking out from between the large swollen outer lips; a drip of her moisture glistened there.

I was sex crazed at this point so naturally I complied in hopes of getting her so hot that she would take me to completion. I opened my mouth wide, sucking in the length of her sex. I placed my tongue between her inner lips and began to lick from the hard clit at the top down to her musty and salty opening. She tasted pungent. The smell of her sex coursing through my body, making me even harder, forced me into a frenzy. I wanted to reach up and grab her ass, pull her hard against my tongue but they had me helplessly tied. She was in total control of the pressure.

I kept licking and licking. Her hips started to rock with the movements of my tongue. She was getting close to cuming. I could tell by the way she was panting and pressing harder and harder down onto my face. I licked her as intensely as I could, sucking her clit between my lips. I had made one woman cum on my cock and now the second was about to cum in my mouth as I licked her off. I was not going to take anymore of this. I need to cum. I had earned it.

Watching her flat abdomen, I could see her stomach muscles starting to contract with the intensity of my tongue teasing her. I knew she was on the edge. Now was the time. I stopped licking her. She looked down into my eyes. She had beautiful blue eyes. I was shocked. It was the first time I had seen more of her than her red engorged double lips. I looked into her eyes and said, “I will not lick you off until you let me cum.”

She looked at me and smiled, “It doesn’t work that way.” With that said she stood back, her bush just out of reach of my tongue but still close enough to strongly smell her and hear every sound from her wetness. She then reached down between her legs with her middle finger and slowly started rubbing her little button round and round. It made wet noises as she sped up. Her finger became a blur. Her knees started to buckle. Her cunt pushed into my rough face as her hands reached out to grab the edges of my imprisoning altar. I could not help myself. The wonton display of lust was too much for me. My mouth slurped up her juices and my tongue continued where she had left off. With just a few more flicks of my tongue and some groping of my lips on her inner lips she came with an ear piercing scream; her whole body shaking and pressing hard against my mouth. I needed to fuck her; my dick pulsed ineffectively in the air. She pulled back and stood up straight. Then she turned around and walked back towards the exit. 

“No!” I cried, “Please come back and fuck me.” I needed it very badly. All I could think about was cumming. She just left the room without a pause. I screamed, “Fuck me, please!” My dick was so large and hard it hurt as it pulsed and bobbed in the air.

Immediately after the blue woman exited, a new woman dressed in a brown robe entered. She was a little plump but still very sexy. At that point, I really would not have cared if she had been ninety with no teeth as long as she was hot and wet and wanted to finish me. As the brown woman walked up to the table, I noticed that she smelled a lot like my garden, pleasant, just a bit like good fresh dirt. She walked over to where I could see her and set a pottery bottle of oil on the altar next to my hips. Then she dropped her robe to the floor. I looked over her body. She had large breast with large nipples that a baby had obviously suckled in the not to distant past. I loved the way her small amounts of fat padded her hips into curvy venusian shapes.

Standing nude before me, she picked up the oil and poured it into her hand. The oil dripped over her fingers and onto my groin. It was very warm but not hot. Then she rubbed her strong hands together cupping the oil as it tried to run off. Taking the oil in her hands, she placed each hand over her firm breast, cupping them gently and rubbing the oil in, paying extra attention to her large nipples. The nipples responded by the whole areola contracting, thrusting her nipples out away from her full breasts. Her hands continued their circular motion covering more and more of her supple body with oil. 

I could smell the sent of the oil. It was olive oil with a strong bite of cedar and patchouli enhancing the earthy smells of this inexorable woman. Her hands were now working their way down. As her skillful hands burnished her whole belly with oil, she stopped and poured more oil into her hands. This she took and worked into the hair two hand widths below her navel. I could see the stone walls reflected in the large drops of oil that were running down, ever lower. Her fingers followed them down through the hair. Her hands worked the oils into her nether region, spreading her lips apart, her other hand pulling them out as she worked the oil into every little hidden space and then back further to the smaller hole behind the dripping wet one. Soon this hole was soon just as slippery as the one I did not have.

After coating the rest of her body in oil, she dumped a large puddle of oil between my nipples. Taking her expert hands, she worked rhythmically on each of my muscles, very carefully avoiding both my nipples and groin. I was so turned on by the first two vixen using my body for their own pleasure that the mere fact of this one avoiding my erotic areas was enough to make my body writhe on the altar. I hungered for her to touch my pleasure areas with an unreal intensity. Every pass close to a sensitive area forced me to think about what I was missing. I hungered for this confident nude seductress more than I had wanted to cum into the first two.

Her oily fingers started with my toes after rubbing oil into my large pecs and then she slowly worked her way up my legs, stroking each sore spot into bliss as she went; only stopping at my balls and starting all over again on my neck and working her way back to the top of my pubic hair. My manhood bobbed in anticipation of her next touch now that my body, covered in oil just like hers, could need no more attention.

Climbing up onto the table, she placed one arm on each side of my hairy armpits. Then with her body stiff in a yoga like pose she slowly lowered her flesh over my body but without touching me. With her head bent to each side she leaned over and inhaled the strong sweat of the road from my armpits; reveling in the natural sexual odors she found there. I could see her eyes roll up into her head with each intoxicating breath, small quivers running through her body. Suddenly she went limp, her skin touching mine over every inch of me. She was as soft as an angora rabbit. I could feel her firm nipples pressing onto my untouched nipples: they burned with pleasure. My cock was between her legs, resting in the hair just outside of her crack. She lay there for sometime moving like a snail with her whole body sliding against mine. My nerves were on fire. Her slickness slithered against the oiled skin of my body. My shaft, hard as a rock between her soft legs, pulsed with desire as it slid up and down just outside of her fire.

Slowly rubbing against me for at least a half stick of incense, she looked into my eyes and said, “Would you like to feel yourself enveloped in my tightest hole?”

“Lord, yes.” I croaked. It was all I could say. My mind was loosing its grip on civilized thought. Raw lust coursed through my veins, controlling my every thought.

Almost without moving, she slid her body up and then down mine until I could feel myself pressing hard up between her legs. Taking one oily hand, she reached down between us and guided my stiffness into a hole that I had not expected. I had never taken a woman in this way before. She was unbelievably tight. She pressed back wickedly hard and then with a sudden pop, felt more than heard, I was in her but only my bulbous tip. The shaft was still unsheathed. She pressed back harder, wiggling her hips from side to side, sliding her stomach across mine, forcing me in deeper. Her large breasts at the other end of the wiggle also slid back and forth across my chest. Raw animal lust surged through my body but I was unable to do anything about it as I tried to buck. I gave up my struggles and I just laid there and felt my hardness slowly sliding deeper, ever deeper, completely under her control, into her dark tightness.

After some time of sliding me into herself she stopped and lifted her hips, pulling me almost all the way back out. With a swift motion, she pressed back again emitting a low guttural grunt of pleasure. This time I slid into her smoothly without all the work. It was the most intense sensation I had felt yet. My hardness sliding into her very tight back door and out again in a squeezing tight grip was unlike anything I had ever felt. It was so tight that I could not cum but so intoxicating that all I could think about was the pure sensations of sliding in and out, over and over. Her incredible endurance numbed my mind. I wanted to cum but my body couldn’t do it. She just kept pumping me for what seemed like hours. The pressure was too much for my balls to take and they knew it. I grunted in unison with her, with each tempo increasing thrust.

With her body sweating and sliding over mine with each hungry pumping motion, she reached down between her legs. Her hand and arm easily sliding between us on a cushion of sweat and oil. I could feel her working her clit with her finger. Sweat dripped from her face as she shafted me. Her face grimacing with the pure pleasure of me stuffed up inside her and her finger causing lighting like bolds to transcend her consciousness with a pristine bliss. With an earth shaking seizure, her whole body went ridged. Her legs quivered her ass spasmed on my hardness. I could not respond. I groaned out load. I couldn’t cum.

She lay on top of me for a long while. The tightness of her grip on my cock not letting me deflate. Then she slowly got up, sliding her body sideways off mine. As she got off me, she slowly and firmly pulled my cock out of her dark hole. It felt like I was going to pop as the blood pooled into the swollen head. She casually put her robe back on and left just as she had come.

The next woman floated in, draped in a green robe covered in light green feathers. Her skin was olive and her hair was shoulder length, dark and curly. She walked over to me and looked into my eyes. Her eyes were the richest brown I had ever seen in my life. 

“How you doing?” she asked as she pulled her robe off her slight shoulders. In her hand, she held a small knife.

“Fine. What’s the knife for?” I could not control the rising panic. Was I to be a sacrifice?

“I plan on setting you free.” Her eyes roamed my body, fixing on my hard member, as she spoke with a soft sexy voice.

“So do it then!” I gasped.

“I was going to but. . .” 

Her hand hesitantly reached out and brushed my hairy chest and then she sucked on her three fingers and slowly circled her wet fingers around my nipple. My pole pulsed with the touch as my areola contracted, a small whimper escaped my open lips.

“Do you like that? I have not had a man’s cock in months. I’m sorry.” She looked into my eyes.

“Yes,” I panted. I was too far-gone to say anything more.

She dropped her green feathered robe onto the floor and crouched down placing her small firm breast in my constrained hand. Her small pink breast was soft and warm. I used what little freedom my hand had to rub and play with her perky nipple. She purred from deep within and pressed herself more firmly against my probing fingers.

“I’m so wet,” she said as she climbed on top of me her thighs spread widely over my hips. Her wetness dripped onto my shaft. She lowered herself so that the soft flesh smeared the wetness over the head of my cock. My hips pulsed from the smooth caress, forcing the head slightly up into her.
