 "It's for the best you know. I know that doesn't sound likely, but can you picture trying to live a normal life worried that some guy was going to try and...you know...every time you turned around?" Joey was just looking out the window at the passing country side, his brain wasn't working on full power otherwise he would of been noticing how the car ride was smooth even as they drove though fields. 24 had been trying to get him to talk for awhile though Joey still remained silent.

"Leave him in peace." 23 said and reached over patting Joey's leg. "The boy clearly has much to think about."

"Yeah, about how we stole his life from him." Muttered 25.

Joey slowly became more and more aware of his surroundings a hour later when the sky seemed to turn dark purple and the grass was a light blue.

"Have you guys, drugged me or something?" he asked.

"What do you know, he can talk." 25 chuckled. "To answer to your question, Monster Breeds give off a little bit of paranormal energy, the more energy the stronger the breed. But if you get a bunch of it all together, then it has a funny effect on nature." 

"And since we're heading for a school full of Monster Breeds..." Joey started.

"Exactly." 25 said, doing a shooting motion with his hand.

"Can you tell me more about the school?" Joey asked.

"Certainly." 23 interrupted.

"Oh boy...He loves giving this speech..." Muttered 25.

"Formed back in 1509, the school for abnormal children was founded to give young Monster Breeds a chance to hone their powers and maybe put them to use for the good of mankind as Knives. Serving side by side with the Swords with pride since 1625 the two forces have all but gotten rid of rouge-"

"Wait, How come the time leap?" 23 glared at Joey, annoyed at having his speech interrupted.

"The Monster Breeds took their time in seeing that working with us would be better than working against us. It was a scary thought back then considering there were A LOT more Monster Breeds out in the world." 25 answered.

"If I may go on?" 23 asked icily.

"By all means. And I'm loving the drama your adding to your voice for this." Joey said smirking as 25 snorted.

"...The training to become a Knife is a long tough one so we decided to make the training grounds into one of the most fearsome known battle fields ever. High school." 23 smiled and Joey rolled his eyes. "Say what you will, but the mental stress the high school environment puts on a Monster Breed makes a Knife almost unbreakable mentally in the field."

"That's just messed up." Joey states.

"The school is divided into two dorms. Red and Blue. There are many competitions held between the two dorms and the winning side always gets a great rewards. Like a big screen TV in the common room, awesome cable package, and laptops. While the losing team just goes without. Considering how long you could possibly spend here, it becomes in your better interest to make life comfortable."

"Okay...Um...which side am I going to be on?"

"Depends..." 23 said waving a hand

"On?"

"Which side needs replacement students more. That reminds me...24, did we find out which Goron Breed was using her powers?" 23 called.

"Linda. Her goggles recorded it. She had that Troll Breed she's sweet on...what's his name..."

"Jason." 25 supplied.

"Thanks. anyways, she was turning them to stone, and Jason would smash them."

"...I hope your talking about a really cool session of D&D right now." Joey squeaked out going pale.

"Whoops. Well...sometimes the students get carried away, but rest assure, no one gets away with this sort of violence." 23 said patting Joey's leg.

"What does that mean?" Joey asked slowly.

"Well, Two of the victims were from the red dorm. Two were in blue. She was in blue, and he was in red. Both red and blue dorms have three deaths this week. We don't tolerate murder very well."

"I'm going to pass out now." Joey said with a nod, then collapsed.

"Your just the king of smooth today aren't you?" 25 asked.

Joey woke up in what looked like a hospital room laying on a bed and...stark naked!?

Blushing he slid off the bed and hid behind it, a wall with no window to his back. There was a whole unit behind him though it was empty at the moment. Peeking up over the mattress he could make out a table tray on wheels and a dresser, and at the foot of the bed was a TV. Over in the left corner of the room was a desk with a older looking computer hooked up.

The entire room was a little bit smaller than his room at home. He looked around untill he stopped a closed door and heard a toilet flush.

Out walked a young white skinned man dressed like 23 and the others had been, though his dirty blond hair was in a mushroom cut.

"Ah you're awake! Good to see! I'm 87." He said and held out a hand.

"Uh...Ok...Hi..." Joey said from behind the bed. "Is there a non-gay reason I'm naked right now?"

"Sure is, you pissed yourself when you passed out and got some of it on your shirt. I stripped ya and tossed the clothes in the trash and was gonna get you dressed."

"And the reason your doing all this is..."

"Oh! forgot to mention..I'm in charge of looking after the blue dorm. Kinda sucks though since red almost always wins the big competitions. And they always seem to get the better Monster Breeds."

"...sorry I'm not one of the better ones." Joey grumbled.

"Whoops. There goes that mouth of mine again! I'll leave you in peace to get dressed. When you're ready come on out. The common room is at the bottom of the stairs. Hope you're in shape." 87 said with a laugh then walked out.

"Kinda wishing they had drugged me right now..." Joey grumbled.

Standing up he looked around the room for the suitcase he had seen 25 with, and started to panic.

"Heh...no. see, they wouldn't trash my clothes without making sure I had something to wear." He said out loud.

looking under the bed and finding nothing Joey slapped his forehead.

"Duh, check the dresser moron." He chuckled.

Relief was flooding though him until he opened the first drawer.

Make up. Nothing but eye liners, lipsticks, eye shadows and things Joey wasn't even sure on..

"I know I didn't have anything like THAT to pack."

The second drawer was even freakier with a picture of a young black guy with pointy ears and wings smiling in frame, on top of a pentagram with burned out candles at all five points. There was also a picture of a girl which made joey scream.

She had light green skin..slim of build..with a head full of snake and wearing goggles around her eyes.

"T-This..This was Linda's room!" Joey realized.

"Are you sure you put the luggage in the right room?" 25 asked 24

"Pretty sure. He was getting the new room on floor 2 right?"

"What? no! he was getting Linda's old room on floor 30!"

They both stopped and thought about the fact that A) Joey was naked and B) there were only girl clothes in that room. And both started to laugh.

"I suppose we should go take him up his suitcase."

"Hold on, give it half a hour. I wanna see if he gets desperate enough.."

"Really!?" Joey whined.

Great. Just great. Nothing but panties, skirts and tops in sight. She didn't even have a pair of boxers Joey could try and play off as shorts.

He could go in a pair of panties and one of her tops, though none of them looked longer enough to even go blow his belly button.

Red faced but knowing he couldn't stay in the room forever.. Joey grabbed a black pair and shut his eyes.

"Worst. Day. Ever." He whined easing them up over his legs and then around him. He couldn't help but give out a little squeal as the soft material of the panties DID feel good against his manhood.

"Wait..no..no...Damn it! go down!"Joey yelped opening his eyes. Up until now he had been planning on just walking out and explaining what happened if he was caught.

That had been the plan till he started tenting out the panties.

Biting his lip Joey shook his head. He just had to use a little mind over matter here and ignore the problem! Then he'd get soft and could go about "Operation: get me some pants".

He turned and headed back over towards the dresser and stopped, giving another squeal. Being a little bit bigger than Linda had been meant the clothes were a little tighter.

The panties were clinging tightly around his cock head and every step felt like someone was playing with his tip!

"J-Just need to take baby steps is all." Joey said softly.

Slowly moving forward a little bit at a time he wasn't getting the massive reaction from before, but he was still feeling a little bit. Taking a deep breath and now by the dresser he tried to ignore the urge to just whip it out and jerk off from all this but that would be sad and pathetic. What he needed to do was get a guy right behind him fingering his hole and squeezing his dick milking him like a good girl and-

Wait..what?!

"I..I just need to hurry up and find my clothes." He tugged out a white sleeveless top and tugged it on, missing the logo on the back where it read BRAT in pink letters.

The top was shorter than Joey thought and came up just under his chest.

"...Maybe a skirt would hide it." He was looking down at his hard on and it was getting really hard not to just grab it.

"Come on, you're not really gonna jerk off in drag are you?" Joey scolded himself. He ran his hands though his hair and realized that the gel had let go for the first time.

"Perfect. I'm in drag and have my hair looking all fucking girlish." Grabbing a skirt (a cute jean one with a ruffled effect at the button and a star in gem over the left butt) and pinching his arm every step of the way to keep himself from spurting Joey made it into the bathroom and did a full body blush catching himself in the mirror.

His hair was draped around his face and neck, the look of lustful NEED on his face.

His nipples were clearly hard though the top and his shameful throbbing hard on in the panties. Jesus there was a wet spot where he was leaking pre!

"D-Damn it...I can't take it anymore!"

Joey shouted as he reached down and rubbed himself though the panties. Waves of pleasure shot though him and he used his free hand to pinch his own nipples.

"what fuck is wrong with me!!" He moaned.

Christ he had never been like this before even at his horniest. He NEEDED to cum! Sinking to his knees both hands went inside of his panties and he jerked himself hard.

And harder. Then so hard it actually kinda hurt!

But no matter how long he jerked or how hard he just couldn't freaking cum!

"It's been longer then ten minutes.." 25 said.

"Fine..go and take him his clothes...spoilsport." huffed 24.

Joey was desperate enough to try anything at this point..and that included putting the skirt on quickly then trying to tug it around his cock.

He was a sweaty mess hair clinging to him and his cock almost constantly dribbling pre.

He remembered how good walking how felt and stumbled to his feet.

25 paused outside of Joey's door, a little confused by what he heard. There was a mixed sound of crying and moaning with panting and it also sounded like someone was trying to run a race in there. When 25 opened the door and saw Joey in drag and with tears in his eyes and a hand on crotch..he let out a little laugh...then started to cough.

the room was flooded with Joey's scent and it was almost overwhelming 25's defenses! Already he was rock hard in his pants.

"Cum. have to...cum..." Joey moaned turning to 25.

"Joey...Joey get a grip of yourself." 25 said shaking his head.

"Please...need it...sooo bad.." Joey whined. With more speed then the boy normally had, Joey was across the room and nuzzling his head into 25's chest, both his hands were working at freeing the Sword's hard on.

25 relaxed for a split second..it HAD been awhile since he'd had any of that kind of attention...No that wasn't right...Joey clearly wasn't in his right mind at the moment and fun as it could be that wouldn't be right.

"Joey NO." 25 said and pushed Joey to the wall, holding his hands up above his head.

"You wanna be forceful..that's cool...I can sub." Joey giggled.

"Listen..right now your Breed side is hungry. That's why your acting like such a slut. You can't masturbate anymore, it just makes that side of you go into starving mode."

"W-what...I'm...like this...cause.." Joey shook his head.

"Atta boy. Keep fighting it. We have two choices here."

"Mmmkayyyy.." Joey said then smiled and tried to kiss 25.

"Choice one is we try to let you go find a girl to bang you...though it's more likely like this you'll get gang raped by the boys."

"Oooh, gang rape sounds fun!...wait...no it doesn't!"

"Keep fighting kid. Second choice is well...I can jerk you off. A hand job from anther person will work."

"You sure you don't wanna just slam it in my tight...oh my God...just freaking jerk me off before I say something worse!" Joey whined. He had gone from a total slutty pleading look to being horrified.

25, while keeping Joey's arms pinned, reached down with his free arm under Joey's skirt.

"Geeze, your panties are soaked, just like a girls." 25 chuckled as he squeezed Joey's dick.

"A-Ahhhh! thank you sir!" Joey squeaked, smiling and blushing, tears in his eyes.

He had actually chafed himself a little with his hard jerking earlier but the pain and pleasure were mixing together to nicely for him to care.

"You're a real sissy slut when you're horny aren't you?" 25 teased.

25 was just trailing his finger around Joey's pantie-covered head and the poor boy felt closer to cumming then ever.

"Y-Yes sir! I'm your sissy girl!" Joey heard himself panting.

Why...why was he say stuff like this...why did he want 25 to just shut up and kiss him?!

"Your personal tastes reflects your lovers. I like teasing sissies while I fuck'em. so you like getting teased fairy boy."

"Wait you're gay!? that's so cool!" Joey shouted/giggled.

"As if I can't tell you didn't mean the last half."

25 gave his balls a squeeze for that making him whimper then scream as he came hard, firing out ropes of cum against 25's suit.

"Nice. Reallll nice."