 The festivities this time of year are always the most boisterous and large. Halloween night, this night when all the ghouls and goblins, vampires and werewolves and all the creatures of the other worlds come into ours to play. The massive mansion that stood at the far end of the city limits was always the prime location for all events big and elegant. The house was magnificent, 3 stories tall, white in color with a plantation style columned porch wrapped around the outside of the house. Half the yard was perfectly trimmed and maintained grass lawn with walk paths lined with bright flowers all around. The perfectly maintained lawn ran to a dead halt at a line of trees, the entrance to a forest. Decorations were scattered around the lawn and house for the occasion, Halloween was the favorite holiday of the owner, always the largest and most decorated party. Ghosts hung from the ceiling of the pouch, spider webs scattered along on the columns with large fake spiders all around it. The lawn had zombies and skeletons all over digging themselves out of the lawn clawing up into the sky. 

I loved this day, you could feel the magic in the air as the creatures all awoke and stretched out. This year I was dressed as a druid, sleeveless brown leather shirt with matching pants and a midnight black cloak that ran down my back. I had painted ancient tattoos across my face and ruins down my arms and in my hand clutched a long wooden staff. As I near the door my senses are hit with the sound of music and the smell of the food and flashing lights that come from the house growing brighter as the sun drifts down past the horizon. I enter the building and am instantly surrounded with sound and movement, the place is already packed with bodies jumping to the music, grinding on each other, screaming to be hear in groups. 

As the night progressed, I wonder between groups dancing to songs as they pass. I step off to the side for some fresh air and as my eyes graze over the crowd the world seemed to halt, music dims down to a low rumble, the bouncing bodies slow to a painful pace and blur as my eyes focus on her. In one heart beat I seem to have hours to look at her, taking in her beauty. She is a Viking, thick midnight black braid glides down her neck the tip of it resting just above her cleavage. A dark brown leather fitted half shirt wrapped around the upper half of her body cutting in the form of her body like a knife wrapping up and cupped her perfect breasts pushing them up. As my eyes fallowed the curves of her hips down to her matching leather skirt cutting off just under the curves of her ass with a ring of fur following the waist line and hips. Legs exposed, long and tan running down to knee high leather boots with animal fur across the top. War pain across her cheeks offsetting from the light tan flawless skin that creased to one side with a wicked smile as her hazel eyes lock onto mine one eyebrow raising, as if she can notice my heart hasn't made a beat yet. She winked as the whole world seemed to catch up, heart began to pound and she disappeared into the crown. I lunged through the crowd scanning around looking for even a glimpse of that girl again. For minuets I traveled between the masses of people pushing through the hordes of dancers. 

I came to the far end of the party near the grand entrance dismayed that I had missed her, as I turn I found my lips pressed against warm bright red lips seeming to fit like a puzzle. As the warm embrace of her lips drift apart my eyes open to look into those blazing hazel eyes. "Michael" is all that I can muster to say barley audible to even myself, my eyes lighting up with mild frustration at that she laughed sending a chorus so beautiful to fill my ears craved nothing more. 

She leans up kissing my cheek whispering "Kat". A simple name that sent a chill of arousal from my ear down. She stared at me with eyes mixed between passion and excitement and turns on her heels one hand gliding down my arm catching my fingers. I follow mindlessly, noticing the way the skirt pops with each step. We walk up a wide spiral staircase to the second floor, and enter a room half wat down the hall that fallowed. The music reverberated thought the floor as the door clicked shut behind up. My eyes barely had time to scan the room noticing the large canopy bed in the middle against the far wall before 2 soft warm hands grabbed my face pulling it down into that warm embrace of her lips again. I felt like I was melting against her, taken by her passion and grace. The fire deep in my chest burned like a raging fire as her nails dragged down my neck to my shoulder digging into the skin slightly. 

My eyes snapped open burning bright with a hunger. Her breath caught, goose bumps raising on her skin as the change, biting her lip she digs in deeper. My hands grip her waist lifting her off her feet spinning pinning her against the wall my lisp locking on hers. A slight growl echoes in my throat driving her more crazed. My hand sliding down to grab that perfect ass lifting her leg to wrap around me pulling our hips together. I feel the heat burning between her legs as I press us together harder. She bites my lip causing my eyes to roll causing a minimal moan. I pull away and lock onto her neck just below the ear, causing another gasp letting out the smallest of words "oh yes". I dig in biting and sucking on her skin causing my marks across her as my lips move down her skin as I grab her ass dragging her off the ground up the wall making her go where my lips want them. With her legs wrapped around my stomach I turn holding her in the air walking across the room face between her breasts pushing the material down to bit her nipples. 

I toss her onto the bed and slid on top of her my lips stating at her waist just above the fur gliding up touching every inch back up to her lips. My hips slid between her legs pushing into her hands sliding around her back sliding off the top to expose her breast, small marks from my teeth barely visible. I drift down to suck on them again going between them making her moan nails digging into my back again as she drags off my shirt and cloak. I keep sliding lower gripping the skirt with my hands as I kiss just below the navel. I rip of the skirt down her legs and slide my face burring in her wet pussy. I dig I with a hunger legs placed on my shoulder, my strong arms wrapped around them pinner her to me. Her nails drift to my head and rakes at my hair as I dig in more and more, back arching with the pleasure I am giving causing moaning and squiring under my pressure my arms holding fast keeping her body in my grasp. The moans increase to gasps my name slipping her lips, legs tensing around my head pulling me in deeper. I feel her pussy flexing a she orgasms causing a pulse to run across her body hands shooting up to the bed gripping the sheets mouth open in a wordless scream as I dig in more. I feel the orgasm slam over her body legs straightening toes curling. I pull away and she gasps for air breast rising and falling with each rapid breath. My pants fall to the floor as she looks at me legs spread open eyes glowing begging for more. 

I reach down pulling her to standing kissing me, you reach down stroking my thick cock as I kiss her more and more. I force her to turn around and bend over, ass pressed up against me. I reach up grabbing that one braid other hand grabbing her hip sliding the tip of my cock into her. Her legs tremor as I slide in slowly deeper and deeper, all 9 inches inside of her I hold in deep. She began to gasp gripping one of the poles of the bed. I thrust in and out of her slamming every inch of my thick hard cock inside of her over and over again. Slowly at first growing with intensity, pushing in to the beat of the music. Her legs shake and give out as I thrust in harder and faster, leaning down on the bed. I pull out turning her over lifting her up pulling her to the middle of the bed and slowly sliding back in. 

Her nails drag into my back clawing at my skin moaning with each deep thrust. I can feel her getting closer to orgasm again and go fast. The magic in the room pulses, fueled with the pleasure and music moving with us. My teeth find her neck again slamming in harder and faster, her hands slam above her pulling at the bed. The drapes seem to glide off the poles wrapping around her wrists holding her lars above her head. She pulls on them gasping and moaning and she overtaken with another orgasm. The pulsing of her pussy increases my drive and speed, wanting more, needing more of her. I lean back pace of my hips never stopping. Pulling her legs to my shoulder I pinch her thighs together tightening her pussy as much as possible. I drive in deeper growing closer as orgasm after orgasm courses through her body, my name breaking through her moans. Her breasts bounce freely with each thrust eye rolling with each orgasm. Her eyes snap open with the largest orgasm yet pussy pulsing harder on my cock. I release her legs in shock they wrap around me pulling me deeper and down to her lips, the drapes release her hands and they snap to my back. I slam in deep as I orgasm with her filling her up, teeth digging onto my back to muffle her yells, both our bodies tremble as the pleasure engulfs us radiating out across the room.