 Chapter 6 - Amelia Jane is gagged and violated in a new place

Soon I found myself back in the little square near the fountain, under my handler's instructions.

My new accoutrement, of course, meant that I was now unable to speak coherently, but this did not, in point of fact, make any great difference to my capacity for meaningful conversation. 

How my jaw ached after a while.

Time after time my handler steered me towards potential clients. On many occasions I found my attentions simply rebuffed. The methods varied. Some would merely walk past, ignoring me kneeling at their feet. Those were the kindest. 

Some would perhaps venture to kick mud or water from a puddle at my nude body, as if to emphasise that although they had seen me, they did not at that time deign to permit me to expend further efforts in attempting to please them.

Others would allow me to begin the licking of their feet, but would then decide to kick me away with their sandals or boots.

A few would attempt to communicate with me. It was fairly obvious that I, gagged, was unable to talk to them, but of course, should they attempt to give me instructions or such, then I had no way to indicate that I could not understand their commands. There was thus a possibility that it could appear to them that I had been disobedient, and ignored, rather than simply not understood, their instructions.

It was with such clients that I had the most difficulties..

At first, my handler was there to intervene, should he so wish it. Sometimes I would receive only a kick or two, or perhaps be spat upon. Other times they would grip my hair, or pull my neck chain and slap me across the face. Once I felt a switch, supple wood cracking across my back, as I sprawled in the mud.

For a long time my coin box was empty. Many was the time that it was shaken, the ensuing silence showing that I had been utterly unsuccessful in my increasingly desperate efforts to earn my keep. 

My handler now indicated an old man, dressed rather simply, one might say almost in rags. I went to him and he allowed me to lick at his feet for a while, then he pulled my hair to lift my head up to the level of his groin, that I might attempt to please him more intimately. 

The taste and smell of him were not pleasant. It would seem that he had not washed for some considerable time. 

He pushed his manhood through the aperture of my gag, and, although somewhat flaccid, was now in my mouth. His tip was at the entrance to my throat, pushing a little into my gullet. His organ was not quite large enough, as yet, to cause me to gag, or to restrict my breathing, but I could not use my tongue on the tip of him, and was restricted to pleasuring his shaft and his scrotal sac. 

I knew that, were I to achieve my primary purpose, that of inducing him to discharge his sexual juices, I would have to use every subtlety of method and guile at my disposal. 

I turned my gaze upward, my blue eyes no doubt a little tear-stained, making sure that they were looking their most submissive and vulnerable.

He said something to me, his voice not angry, perhaps an instruction or alternatively a comment. I had no way of knowing.

I tried to increase my efforts and pace, hoping that I had correctly interpreted the gist of his communication. He grunted, apparently satisfied, as my head bobbed back and forth, my breasts bouncing as I sought to pleasure him.

Soon he bucked and pumped his hips, and I heard him groan as I felt his viscous fluid at the back of my throat. Of course, even had I been able to do so, it would have been foolish for me to contemplate dispelling the seed that had been deposited within me. Thus I swallowed down the ragged man's discharges as best I was able, and then, obediently, cleared the residues of my attentions from his softening manhood with my little pink tongue.

Then, joyfully, I heard the clink of a small item, such as a coin, being deposited in the slot of the can that was chained around my neck. I looked up at the man gratefully. Of course, I did not know appropriate words to thank him, and even had I known them, then the ring gag would have prevented me from speaking them. But I tried to thank him, as best I could, with my eyes, and then subsequently put my head down and humbly licked his left boot to show my genuine gratitude.

It seemed that I was already some way from the investment banker PR representative that I had been. But I would at least no longer have to endure the angry swipes and kicks from men when they found my little can to be empty.

I watched him as he strode away. My handler came to me then and shook my can, hearing the rattle of the tiny item that had been deposited thence.

He patted my head approvingly as I knelt before him. 

"Good little slut," he said, ruffling my hair, almost affectionately, "You are not completely useless, after all."

I looked up at him, pleased at his praise. He pulled my leash and I went to my feet. We moved to the fountain, where he allowed me to clean my face, then my knees, where they had been muddied from my service.

Finally satisfied, he conducted me to a point near the fountain where a solid ring was set into the ground. 

"Now," he said, matter-of-factly, "I have more important business to attend to, so you will be working on your own from now on."

He produced a short length of light chain, coiled. Once unwound, to about four feet in length, he secured one end to the ring, and the other end to my right anklet.

"You may still, as you see, use the fountain for your cleansings," he said.

It seemed that henceforth I would be severely limited in the area where I could perform my designated service. I looked up at him. I so wanted him to stay. I was frightened at being left alone, unprotected.

He continued, "I should be back to collect you around sunset. Make sure that your can is jangling nicely by that time."

He turned and moved away, not looking back at me. I watched him go, then glanced around myself fearfully. I could no longer scamper about the market place under his direction, looking for clients. Now they more or less had to come to me. I doubted very much that my coin box would be jangling very much when my handler returned.

A man was coming in my direction. I swiftly assumed my default position in order that I might try to intercept him as he crossed the circumference of the circle within which I now found myself confined. He went past, seemingly without even noticing me. 

I watched him go. Near the edge of the market place I noticed that he was accosted by a girl who, to introduce herself, went to the same 'default position' that I had been taught. She seemed very beautiful, though not, as in my case, nude. She was barefoot and wore a yellow garment, extremely short on her long legs and somewhat diaphanous. She also wore a necklace as mine, although without a can and chain attached to it. Additionally she did not wear a gag, nor have her hands confined. I was not able to see whether she had a burn mark similar to mine.

Before I could see whether she had more success than myself, I was aware of another man approaching me. I shifted my position to kneel directly in his path, so that he could not simply walk past me. 

I felt the back of his hand, harsh against my right cheek, taking me from my knees down into the mud. With difficulty I got myself back onto my knees. I suppose that I had asked for the slap. I had still not mastered the delicate compromise between kneeling too far away to be noticed, and kneeling too close and becoming an impediment.

I looked back to see the yellow clad girl. She was now with a companion, similarly attired, every bit as beautiful. I wondered whether their purpose were the same as mine. 

I decided to clean myself in the fountain. I was very thirsty as well as being hungry. I wondered whether the water from the fountain could be drinkable. I knew that it was used for washing, but I supposed that there might be some sort of gravity arrangement so that all of the water was fresh. Needless to say, I was ignorant of such matters.

I disported myself in the fountain hoping to attract some attention to myself so that a man might approach me, now that I no longer had the free range of the market place. No-one seemed to notice me.

I went back to my kneeling position shivering a little. I wished that I could dry myself somehow. My handler had said that he would be back around sunset, and that my coin box should be jangling by then. The light already seemed to be fading a little. I recollected Professor Jones saying that I should need three coins to pay for my food, shelter, and water. So far I had only one. I thought about which I should choose with my one coin. I thought that I should choose food. I was so hungry. Or perhaps I shall obtain more coins, I thought. I wondered at the likelihood of this, now that I was confined adjacent to the fountain, and did not have the motivation of my handler directing me. 

I found myself looking at two pairs of dainty, high-arched, bare feet. I looked up from my kneeling position. The two yellow clad girls were looking down at me. I met the eyes of one of them. They were green and very beautiful. I hoped that the girls should prove friendly. It seemed that they were slaves like me, albeit better clad and less confined. The green eyed girl reached for my chain can and rattled it. She did not look pleased. She said something to me, sharply. I looked at her trying to show her with my eyes, as best I might, that I posed no threat to her, and wanted only to be friends. I wished that I were without the gag and could smile. She spoke to me more loudly. 

I had few options to show her that I was unable to understand her. I shrugged my shoulders a little trying to appear non-threatening. She held my face between her fingers and thumb,squeezing my cheeks painfully against the ring gag inserted in my mouth. I felt drool dribble from my mouth and drip from my chin onto my bare breasts.

I wondered why she was so annoyed with me, but there was nothing I could do to question her as to her reasons. I noticed her friend, also clad in a tiny semi-transparent yellow scrap of a garment, hand her something. I struggled trying helplessly to free her grip from me, wriggling in her grasp. The first girl gripped me tighter, looking into my mouth.

In her hand was an insect of some kind.

It was large, multi-legged, something like a cockroach, but blacker, and with long feelers. I gathered her intent, and struggled harder, but was powerless to stop her from dropping the creature into my forcibly opened mouth. I gasped. I felt it scurry on my tongue. I tried to expel it, but her hand covered my mouth, preventing me from doing so.

With her other hand she pinched my nose. I was able only to squirm, determined not to swallow the disgusting insect that she had deposited into my mouth. Tears pricked my eyes. Why was she doing this to me? How had I annoyed her? I could feel the insect moving inside my mouth, scuttling over my tongue. I began to panic. I thrust up from my knees, trying to dislodge the girl's palm from my mouth. Her companion gripped my hair, pulling it cruelly. I was hopelessly over matched. Horrified, I felt the insect scuttling into my throat. Hot tears stung my eyes. 

I saw that the other girl had another insect in her hand, similar to the first. I closed my eyes, sobbing, in acute distress now.

Suddenly I heard a slap, and the cry of a girl. I realised that there was no longer a palm in front of my mouth. I gagged and spluttered and coughed, trying to dislodge the insect from my throat. With my ring-gag inserted I could not effectively spit. I felt it in my mouth, then, as I drooled and dribbled, it fell onto the ground and scuttled away, seemingly none the worse for its temporary sojourn.

The two girls were now both being held by the hair by a man, one in each hand. I had not seen him about the market place before. He was dressed much as I had seen Roman soldiers dressed in books. He released their hair from his grasp, then slapped them both in turn about the face. 

They hurried away, weeping. I looked up at the guard, gratitude in my eyes. His intervention meant that I had avoided having to swallow the large live insect. I wondered if it would have choked me, had it descended further into my belly. I was so thankful to him. He was my saviour.

He regarded me with some interest. He went behind me. I tried to turn my neck to follow him. Suddenly I felt his hand on my head, forcing me down. He pushed my head down to the ground, I felt him pull my ankles pushing me into position so that I was kneeling, my head to the ground, my bottom in the air.

What was he doing? I felt a liquid, saliva perhaps, being applied to my behind, then, with a shock, felt something hard pushing between my lower cheeks.

I wanted to cry out, to protest, but all I could do was sob and drool. I had never accommodated a man there, in the place where he was now pushing.

I felt him force himself further into me, pushing harder, my muscles still resisting his masculine strength. His hands gripped my waist, pinning me inflexibly in place. He pushed harder and I felt my sphincter pucker, and then, painfully, admit him into my rear portal.

My muscles grew more tense. My back arched a little. I did not want a man in that part of me! I was not sure if I could even survive such an invasion of my body, yet it would seem that I had little choice in the matter.

He began to thrust into me. I was drooling heavily now, as I felt his shaft in my tight hole. Surely I could not accommodate him there? I moaned with pain. He pushed harder, stretching me painfully. I felt him push again, well inside me now. 

He slid slowly further into me, inch by inch. Occasionally he would stop, as if allowing me a little pause to get used to him, then he thrust further. I wept. He was hurting me terribly. I wondered if I were bleeding.

His strength was great. He was able to take me as he desired. Despite the pain I was soon calling and moaning out my submission, there in the marketplace. I cannot fully describe the sensations that I felt. It is strange that pain and humiliation and pleasure can be so intermingled, and yet I felt all such emotions, as the handsome guard pounded me in my virgin hole.

I had little choice but to remain in position, taking everything that he could do to me. His hand pushed my head further down into the mud. I could do nothing but shudder and cry out as he pounded me, feeling the mud of the market place enter my open mouth.

Eventually he satisfied himself and came into me. I knew that it would be a long time before my pain subsided.

He came back round to the front of me and placed his booted foot in front of me. Humbly, I licked his foot. He laughed and lifted my head so that I went to my knees, to my 'default position'. He shook my little coin box. I heard the single item therein rattle. He looked down at me. I saw him take a coin and put it also in my coin box. I looked up at him, my eyes full of tears of gratitude.

He seemed typical of the men here. He did not seem to bear me any particular ill will. He had taken my anal virginity, it was true, yet apparently it had not been his particular intention to hurt me. After all, he had been my saviour, in dealing with the matching yellow clad girls, and now he had put a further coin in my box, almost as if he felt some pity for me. Any cruelty that he might exhibit seemed unintentional, as if he simply regarded me as one might a pet, or an item of livestock on a farm. 

I hurt now, and did not really try to obtain another client. I thought that with two coins I could, at any rate, obtain food and shelter and take water from the fountain. I was so hungry.

The market place was becoming less crowded, as the gloom of evening closed in, and even had I really wished to attract new customers, I think it was doubtful that I would have been able to do so. Most of the stall holders had closed up their tents and left the vicinity.

I felt a hand in my hair, shaking my head, and heard a voice. 

"Why are you not working, slut?" 

I saw boots in front of me. It was my handler and Professor Jones. My handler took his hand from my hair, reached down and shook my little can.

"How many coins in here, little slut?"

I reddened. I was not of course able to answer him. With a small key he unlocked a small panel in the can, and slipped out the two coins.

"This is all you have to show for your day's work, hole?"

I nodded, then put my head down. I suspected that even had I been able to converse verbally, that there was nothing I could have said that would not have made things worse for me.

Professor Jones spoke now, "This is simply not satisfactory, my dear, you have not attained even the minimal quota that we set for you."

I supposed that he was speaking about the three coins that he had referred to. Those that would constitute my food, water, and shelter. My keep, as he had referred to it.

Professor Jones went on, "Do you think this is an adequate return, my sweet, for a day's work?"

I shook my head, negatively. I supposed that it was not a great deal.

"Furthermore, Diogenes informs me that he had to buy special equipment, to enable you to perform your tasks without complaints from your customers."

I blushed. I recalled the complaints of the scarred man, how he had ejaculated on my face, then spat on me.

"What was the cost of this additional equipment, girl? You may answer me as best you can."

With the gag in my mouth I made four little sounds.

"I see. And how much have you managed to accrue from your day's labours?"

I made two sounds.

"So then, it would seem that we have lost two coins as a result of your pathetic efforts."

"I negotiated a deal with the vendor," said Diogenes, "we only had to pay him two coins in the end. He took the remainder of his fee from her use."

Professor Jones nodded. "Then he was a fool. But then these two coins at least cover the cost of the purchase of your special equipment, my dear?"

I nodded, tears in my eyes. I had forgotten that there was an outstanding debit of two coins that I had to cover.

"Well, my dear, it would seem that you have singularly failed to earn your keep; your food or shelter or such."

It was apparent that he bore some sort of a grudge against me. I recalled long ago when I had sought to increase my grades at college by pleasuring him. Had that been enough to earn for myself the malicious opprobrium in which he seemed to hold me?

"I think it best that we leave you here for the night, in the market place, tethered to the fountain. Perhaps that might give you some incentive to improve your performance tomorrow."

My handler spoke to him. The Professor smiled.

"Diogenes here seems to think that there is some risk of you being killed or stolen, should we leave you here. He seems almost fond of you, my dear."

He pondered, stroking his chin, then spoke to Diogenes, who nodded, smiling.

"I have explained that we have insurance on you, greater than your true worth, so it would be a profit to the House. Besides, the chain will not be easy for a prospective thief to remove."

They walked away, conversing, not looking back.

I was left, hungry and thirsty, in the darkening market place.

My hands were tied behind me. I was tethered to a ring by my ankle. I was nude and gagged, alone, and unprotected.

I wondered what might befall me in the course of the night.