 This is NOT a stolen story by me. A man named Luke Ashwood stole tis story of MINE that was published on the old Giganews bulletin board back in 1994. I originally titled it "The Green Tentacles" and posted under the Username Smalltoe10. Mr. Ashwood at some point stole my story and then began publishing it under his name.

* 

"No rest for the weary." she said quietly LaVonne sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose in a vain attempt to rub some of the tiredness out of her system. After a 16 hour shift she was ready to go home and crawl into bed for the next 10 years. Sadly that wasn't really an option since she had to be up and at work at 7'o'clock the next morning.

After nearly 4 years with the FBI's bio-containment lab without a promotion she was starting to wonder where this career was actually going. It wasn't that she didn't like the work, each case was unique and interesting it was just that she really needed more money to pay off her student loans then the government was paying these days. After all, medical school and a doctorate in biology hadn't come cheap.

"So tell me what you think Dr. Longman." said a voice from behind her.

"Ah Director Prescott I didn't hear you come in." said LaVonne nervously. She tried to pretend that she had not just jumped like a frightened field mouse. Dr. Prescott has the nasty habit of jumping out of the shadows, a pastime he desperately enjoyed, much to the chagrin of his employees. "This is a really weird specimen." she said looking through the glass containment case at the section of preserved tissue contained within.

"How so" said Director Prescott quietly?

"Well on the surface it seems to be a regular tentacle, much like that you would find on many invertebrates, like an octopus for example." LaVonne started uncertainly.

"Except?" asked Director Prescott.

"Well except for a lot of things. For one thing the muscles are extremely densely layered, to the point that one tentacle may well be able to lift over 200 lbs. Another thing is that this part at the end appears to have some sort of combination between a tongue and a urethra, it may well be this organism's penis." LaVonne continued.

"A penis that can lift over 200 lbs?" said the Director incredulously.

"And another thing, since this appendage was severed at the end we have no idea how long it is in reality, it could have gone on for a few more inches or a few more feet for all we know. What's more is that unlike the tentacles of an octopus or a squid this tentacle isn't slimy like you would expect, it actually looks like it has regular skin on it. Where did you say this was found?" asked LaVonne.

"Not too far from here actually." said the Director "in a park about a mile from this building."

"Bridge view?" asked LaVonne. "I walk through there every night on my way home."

"Well I'm sure it was probably just some weird variety of squid cross-breed or something. It is nothing to worry about" said the director dismissively.

"I sure hope so." said LaVonne to herself.

"Now be sure to put this specimen back into cryo-storage when you're done with it, and don't forget to lock up when you go." said the director.

"Yes sir." said LaVonne.

LaVonne replaced the specimen into the cryo locker, scrubbed down the lab table she had been working on and switched off the light on her way out. Deciding that she felt sweaty after working so long in the lab LaVonne headed towards the faculty showers.

"Man it's a good thing that I brought a change of clothes." she said to herself.

Stepping into the women's shower room LaVonne glanced around. The long rows of metal lockers and plain wood benches gleamed back at her with the high polish of a surface that had just been clean and the hint of chemicals in the air gave to room a clean and sterile feeling. During the working day the showers were usually packed as many of the staff took advantage of the faculties free water and a great deal of the work done in the labs was labor intensive and a good shower was often required if you wanted to keep up a business like appearance.

"I guess there are some pluses to working late." LaVonne said to herself enjoying the solitude of the empty room. "I have the showers all to myself."

Removing her lab clothing LaVonne paused to examine herself in the full length mirror attached to the end of one of the banks of lockers. Long hair coming down to the middle of her back helped to frame her heart shaped face and deep green eyes peeked out from between the lenses of a slim pair of rimless glasses. Her skin was a soft white which was smooth and free of blemishes. Years of constant exercise had hardened and toned her muscles, giving her a lean appearance without robbing her of her curves. Full round breasts sat high on her chest and saged only slightly under their own weight with her nipples pointing straight out. Her wide hips led the eyes down invitingly to the full pouty lips of her pussy. LaVonne had always kept her pussy cleanly shaven, preferring the look and feel to the alternative. Turning sideways her eyes traveled over the full rounded curves of her ass and down the well toned thighs to her slim calves.

"I look pretty good considering I haven't been to the gym in a month." she thought to herself.

LaVonne adjusted the water to her liking and stepped into the stall and closed the heavy frosted glass door quietly behind her. She raised her head letting the hot water run down her body in rivulets between her breasts and down her back. Pulling her hair out of its pony tail she squirted some of her shampoo into her hands before kneading it gently into her scalp. Feeling the tension drain away from between her shoulders she sighed in contentment. She reached for her other bottle and squirted out some of the body wash she favored rubbing it between her hands before starting to apply it to her body. Starting at the top and working her way down she started to scrub of the sweat and grime that a day's worth of hard labor caused. Before too long she began to pay special attention to her breasts and clit enjoying the feeling of her hands gliding over the slick flesh of her breasts she moaned to herself pinching her left nipple gently between her thumb and fore finger before sliding her index and middle finger inside her pussy. LaVonne moaned at the sensation it had been so long since she had sex with anyone because of the long hours and erratic schedule that her job forced upon her and her forced celibacy had caused her pussy to become extremely tight so that even her slight fingers felt like a thick cock. Under her skilled hands LaVonne was able to quickly bring herself to a climax. Sighing morosely and leaning against the wall of the shower stall she felt the slight twitches which always accompanied an orgasm start to dissipate under the hot water of the shower.

"Man I really need to get laid." she thought to herself.

Quickly rinsing the soap off LaVonne stepped out of the water into the cold air of the locker room she giggled to herself as she used the palm of her hand to brush her nipples made erect by her recent sexual release and the cold air. Walking over to her locker she pulled out the matching black bra and thong pulling them on before toweling off her long hair and pulling it back into a ponytail. She donned a short black skirt and tight fitting white blouse which showed off her full C cup breasts to full advantage. Whistling a nameless tune to herself, LaVonne walked out of the room switching the light off as she left.

The park seemed especially menacing to LaVonne that night in the light of what she had recently learned from the Director.

"I wonder if the creature which has spawned that tentacle is out there in the forest somewhere." she thought to herself.

Hearing footsteps behind her she glanced back and saw a giant of a man walk out from the darkness of the forest. Easily 8 feet tall the man was built like a linebacker but LaVonne couldn't tell much about how he looked because he was dressed in a long black trench coat which reached almost to the ground while his face was obscured by a wide brimmed hat which was pulled down.

"A beautiful night out isn't it?" LaVonne asked.

The man stood silently for a second before stepping into the light and meeting LaVonne's eyes. She took a step backwards in horror; the man's eyes lacked any kind of pupil. They glowed with a malevolent red light. He grinned manically; exposing long sharp teeth with a long tongue tht snaked out of his mouth.

"What are you?!" asked LaVonne.

For answer the creature opened its trench coat, displaying well defined muscles. Nearly a dozen tentacles, identical to the one still in the cryo locker in the lab, seemed to be attached to its chest. 

Lavonne's eyes widened as she saw that its penis was enormous, easily two feet long and as thick as her fist was wide. It was already standing at full attention as the creature lustily examined her. LaVonne's first thought was to run. Two of the tentacles shot out and wrapped around her thighs before she had made it more than a few steps. She reached down to try and pull them off but two more shot out and wrapped around her wrists. Another wrapped around her throat, sending an unequivocal message about what would happen if she screamed.

Lifting her helplessly into the air the creature carried her into the darkness of the forest. LaVonne felt one of the tentacles slither up the bottom of her skirt and ripped it off of her body. Two more slid up the bottom of her blouse and rip the buttons from her shirt, the pieces flying around the clearing where they stood. Now clad in nothing but her matching bra and thong LaVonne shivered in the powerful grip of the monsters tentacles. Lowering her to the ground one of the tentacles snaked inside the bottoms of her panties ripping them from her body before climbing up and doing the same to her bra leaving her completely nude and totally helpless before the monsters will.

LaVonne struggled against the tentacles, trying vainly to free any of her limbs from its powerful grip. She looked down and saw the top part of one of the tentacles open and a long tongue emerged from its tip. The tentacle moved closer to her pussy and began sliding its tongue up and down the length of her slit before thrusting deep inside her. LaVonne cried out at the unexpected intrusion as the tentacle slithered deep inside her pussy. The others pulled her arms and legs apart leaving her completely spread eagle while it slid in and out of her tight hole. Two more of the tentacles circled her breasts squeezing them in its powerful grip before emitting tongues of their own which begin to flick the ends of her nipples before completely engulfing them in their miniature mouths. She continued to struggle trying to get away from the unwanted intrusion of the tentacle inside of her and opened her mouth in an attempt to scream for help, but before she could complete her scream one of the tentacles stuck out and forced its way into her mouth forcing her to silence.

Another of the tentacles slid up her leg, passing the one still thrusting in and out of her pussy like a pistoning cock. The other tentacle circled up closer to her ass. It emitted a tongue that started to caress her asshole that gently lubricated her tender hole with its vicious saliva. The tentacle forced itself deep inside her virgin ass. LaVonne cried out in pain as it borrowed its way inside her but the tentacle in her mouth allowed no sound to emerge except a quiet groan.

Lifted up in the air by the powerful force of the tentacles which surrounded her body LaVonne's every hole was filled with the tentacles. 

The one in her pussy thrust in and out of repeatedly. Though she fought against it at first her hips begin responding in the primal way her body was programmed by a million years of evolution to respond when she was being fucked. She spread her legs further apart and started thrusting down each time the tentacle thrust up meeting it in the middle and increasing the force of its pounding on her tight pussy. The tentacle in her ass started acting in a similar fashion slowly sliding in and out increasing its speed just a little with each thrust.

What started out painful started to feel good as her ass started to loosen up under the rough care of the tentacles. LaVonne started to suck on the tentacle which filled her mouth and it to begin to move in and out filling her mouth each time and causing her to gag just a little as it fucked her throat. She could feel her orgasm building as she was fucked from all angles. She lost herself in the stimulation of having her mouth, ass and pussy being fucked while also having her nipples and clit sucked on. Under normal circumstances she would need at least 6 men in order to get the same amount of stimulation. LaVonne cried out as a powerful orgasm ripped through her body causing her muscles to contract as she shook from the force of the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced.

After her orgasm the tentacles in her mouth, ass and pussy extracted themselves. The top part of each tentacle opened and began to ejaculate on her, covering her head to toe in the thick white spurts of its cum. LaVonne moaned as she felt the monster cum on her even as she was still dazed and a little confused from the force of her orgasm. 

She felt herself being lifted closer to the monsters body as it lifted her into a sitting position suspended in the air and pulled her legs apart. The monster positioned her above the head of his monstrous rock hard cock. The tentacles started pulling her down and she thought she was going to be split in half as the enormous cock started to penetrate her. Deep inside she felt the massive cock finally bottom out in her pussy before being dragged upwards again. Up and down the monster slid her on its massive cock increasing its speed before she was being fucked faster and harder then she had ever been before. His huge hands reached around and grasped one of her tits in its powerful grip while using the other hand to pull her hair back forcing, her head up. He pressed his lips against her mouth, his long tongue flicking around on the inside. LaVonne felt the enormous cock start to twitch inside her as the monster continued to pound her.

Despite the pain of having something so large violate her tight pussy, LaVonne could feel another orgasm starting to build. She could feel him moving faster and could tell from the way that his gigantic cock was starting to twitch inside of her that he was probably going to cum soon. LaVonne started moaning loudly as the tentacles lifted her helplessly up and down on the monster's cock, using her like a sex toy to satisfy his dark sexual urges. The monster roared out in pleasure and LaVonne felt the cock start twitching a moment before a massive amount of cum flooded her inside. His orgasm sent her over the edge into her own orgasm, mixing his cum with her own juices. 

Half way through his orgasm the monster's tentacles lifted her off and positioned her right in front of his cock, coating her in another layer of his cum. When he finally finished LaVonne could feel the tentacles grip start to slacken as he dropped her to the ground where she lay helplessly before him. The monster gave her a sadistic grin before picking up its clothing and leaving. LaVonne watched it's back retreating into the darkness as she lay on the forest floor completely nude and covered in the monsters cum. Just before she went unconscious, Lavonne wondered if she could get pregnant from the massive amount of cum that was still seeping out from between her legs.