 *This story is based in my friend Darksh1ne1's Monstroniverse over at Deviant Art , and is centred around a jungle and its inhabitants.*

Red Python Basin. The name is well known to all the residents of the island continent Karandia; a largely unknown hot and wet jungle situated on a river delta, home to many rumours of lost treasures and knowledge of civilisations gone by. 

The unknown jungle lands were home to dangerous monsters and rumoured lost tribes of primitive humans. Numerous expeditions both large and small have entered the jungle, privately operated or by government backed armies.

Very few have ever returned.

Only a handful of people, magic wielders or otherwise know firsthand of what lies under the jungles canopy, and all of them have recounted their tales. This is one such tale.

***** 

Idoya concentrated hard, narrowing her eyelids and arced her fingers around the small bundle of kindling. She just knew she could call forth the symbol for the orange fire if she could just picture how exactly the symbol should look in her mind. She was seated on the dirt floor of the cave she liked to visit as it kept her out of the afternoon's rain. The wood was dry and her mind was clear.. Yet the magic symbol couldn't seem to completely form correctly in her mind's eye.

She exhaled and lowered her head in defeat.

An hour of concentrating on one thing was exhausting, no matter how awake she felt.

"Idoya don't feel bad, the orange fire is really hard to do. You will command it soon I just know it."

Idoya closed her eyes as she heard Durate's words, a wry smile slowly formed on her lips.

"I hope so."

"I know so." He smiled at her.

She felt her lips part as she grinned back. "Thank you Durate. You have taught me so much already, I only wish I started this magic knowledge when I was young."

Durate was only a few months older than Idoya, he would have been a great worker to hunt and gather fruits and fowl from the jungle around their village had it not been for the witch doctor sensing potential magical mastery of the child. As soon as he was old enough to speak, his training with the witch doctor had begun. For years he had slowly learnt from the doctor how to do simple things like lift objects into the air and cast fire, then moved on to casting more complex spells to actually defend his people from the dangers of the jungles.

As predicted by the witch doctor, and to the hopes of all the small village residents, he was a quick learner who countered his ease of acquiring new spell symbols to the length of time needed to master them.

Idoya had been born a few months after Durate, and both had been best friends for as long as they could remember. Seeing them together made the villagers smile for they seemed as close as brother and sister; Durate was always quick to defend his younger friend when danger was close by and Idoya was always so ready to play a game or be the caring conscience for Durate.

***** 

Idoya closed her eyes and sighed.

Durate was so much more than a friend to her. 

A few seasons ago, one of the older boys had gotten it in his head that Idoya would one day be his wife. Idoya had remembered seeing him more and more before one day he had cornered her in a hut and told her so. 

Idoya visibly flinched. 

She remembered being so angry at what he said that she had struck out at him as hard as she could. He simply laughed at her before easily throwing her down to the floor of the hit and prepared to have his way with her. Her desperate scrambling and striking had been brushed off.

Idoya sighed again in contentment.

The older boy, leaning in to forcefully kiss her registered complete surprise for a brief moment as he found himself being lifted off of her and help up off the floor against a wall before having his face mangled by Durate's fist had a sudden urge to bury itself in the back of his jaw.

Idoya inhaled sharply.

Durate's face, contorted in anger at finding his friend being attacked by one of their own reacted out of instinct. Idoya remembered how Durate's fist pulled back before it again struck the boy's face, this time on his nose, showering them both in blood.

Idoya inhaled again.

Durate, wanting to teach this other boy a lesson, drew his fist back yet again, this time slamming it hard into the side of his face and eye. "Don't you ever touch her again!" Even though he was younger, Durate was of a similar size and strength. He had let go of the other boy =who had crumpled to the floor, out cold.

Only then did he dare to breathe and start to calm down. It had taken him a full fifteen seconds to turn to Idoya and bend down and pick her gently up before they both ran out, Durate leading them both a short distance into the forest.

"Wait!"

Durate slowed and stopped quickly. He turned to her but was met with a fierce hug as she started sobbing hard against his chest. He naturally returned it just as eagerly, resting his cheek against her hair.

"I won't let anyone ever hurt you Idoya."

She just squirmed deeper into the embrace.

After a minute Idoya looked up slowly into Durate's eyes before reaching her hands up to his cheeks and kissing him hard. Caught by surprise Durate had frozen for a moment before melting into the kiss and returning it with post-battle passion. He had reached down and lifted her off the ground and into his arms as they had kissed, losing themselves into the other.

A branch had snapped. Leaves pushed aside.

They froze and broke the kiss. A monster may have been coming, sensing their rising hormones and attracted to their body heat.

They both grinned before dashing back to the safety of the village hand in hand.

Idoya smiled. She had cherished that memory of her rescuer ever since. The episode had drawn them closer to each other as they realised their friendship was much deeper than what they had previously thought.

Unfortunately life in their little village was rarely private. Even seeing each other once Durate had gotten deeper into his magic craft had been difficult. Still, they had escaped to a nearby cave whenever their work and studies allowed them. When she had first discovered it Idoya had nearly been caught by a monster but gave it the slip easily enough. Living in the jungle had given her the instincts and reactions second to none. She remembered how the monster wasn't content to let its potential meal give it the slip so had chased after her. Her flight through the jungle had led her to a hillside and the safety of the cave via a narrow entrance.

She remembered giggling at the creature as it sent a tentacle in after her but she avoided it easily. "I'm not so easily caught Mister Monster" she yelled out from within her newly found sanctuary. The monster had not given up easily, but after numerous futile attempts to grab her it decided easier prey were to be had elsewhere and disappeared, allowing Idoya the access needed to get back to the village.

Ever since then she had playfully demanded Durate teach her his newly found magic crafts in the safety of the cave. Her favourite had been a whisper of mental telepathy he had called it. With some patience and practice they had both learnt to hear the others thoughts. It certainly wasn't like talking but even over large distances they could feel the others mood quite well.

Somehow during their formative years, Idoya and Durate were kept innocent of the exact nature of the monsters that dwelt in the jungle beyond the edge of the village. This was due in part to the fact that the inhabitants believed a passive and neutral environment worked best, and killing monsters was not generally a good thing, except for life threatening situations.

One time a large aggressive lizard, too dumb to know any better, had wandered into the village. All the residents formed a line and yelled at the lizard to turn around and go back. Idoya and Durate talked later how surprised they had been that the lizard had seen the line of people and backed off slowly before turning and walking away back into the jungle.

Other times they had seen someone come running into the village from the jungle and immediately enter the village elder's hut. Hushed tones were spoken quickly before a small group of villagers rushed back out into the jungle. They had then returned another villager in their arms, one that was exhausted and looked close to death. But always after a few days rest that villager would be up and about again as though nothing had happened.

When Idoya or Durate asked why such a man or woman was able to walk again so quickly, they were only told some monsters attacked him or her.

The whole nature of monsters was only ever told to them on a general basis of "Monsters are bad, there are many types of them" and to stay in the village. Growing up though meant they were both very bored and with the lack of knowledge of what even lay beyond the village, it was several years before they reached the age of marriage that they started making small walks into the forest almost a daily occurrence.

The first voyage into the jungle they had found several spotted traps laying on the ground in a cleared area. They were very easy to see, a dull reddish colour shaped like a lily pad with an edge of evenly spaced claws.

"What is it Durate?"

"I'm not sure... let's get closer and find out more about it."

Not being fools, they stepped cautiously closer to the trap. Kneeling down right next to it they could see an orifice at the centre was closed tightly, and that the pad itself was reasonable thick and seemed to be pulsing slowly. Carefully Idoya reached a hand out to caress the between the claws.

"Ooh it feels soft and squishy!"

"Really?"

Durate also leaned forward to touch the pad and was shocked at how smooth and warm the pad was. They gasped and pulled their hands back quickly though, when they saw the pad start to move. In a flash the plant had closed up! They both blinked and saw that the pad had closed up to look like some sort of round pod with the opening at the top barely larger than a man's head.

They both stood up cautiously and peered into the opening and saw a large number of tentacles had pushed their way through the bottom of the orifice and were flailing about uselessly. Several more stalks and vines were pushing through the top of the opening and reaching out wards them, causing them to jump back quickly. One of them seemed to have a thick and long end.

"Wow what a weird plant!" exclaimed Idoya.

"I wonder what it does to animals and people?" asked Durate. While curious and open to trying something with the plant, they knew it was too risky so retreated back to the village. Both their thoughts were of the plant though, it didn't look like it would kill people, so what would it have done?

Their curiosity well and truly piqued, it wasn't long before their expeditions into the jungle returned. Various other plans were found, as well as animals. Some were very large and quite frightening, however thanks to their natural instincts and their ability to hide, no monster ever found or caught them.

Once they had come across a small pack of dog like creatures with thick long tentacle like tails and vertical teeth in their mouth. But they were able to run away back to the village before they were overrun and caught.

They had laughed with giddiness each time that happened, reaffirming their belief that they were smarter and faster than the monsters around them. When their jungle exploring had led them to the cave they had spotted some large and weird upside down pods stuck to the roof. Not suspecting anything they were therefore shocked when the suddenly found thick slimy tentacles wrapping around their limbs.

"Durate! Help mmfff!" Idoya's cries for help were suddenly silenced when a thick tentacle was shoved in her mouth.

"I Know! Try to break free!" Durate was similarly afflicted with the inability to speak as a tentacle found its way between his lips, he could see several more tentacles rapidly slide under his clothing. Despite being lifted from the ground, he could feel that they were slimy yet warm and felt oddly good.

Idoya, despite nearly panicking in the drip of the monster as she was drawn from the ground, also felt the warm and wet tentacles slide under her clothes and over her skin.

"Ohh.."

Her resistance paused for a moment as she felt the slimy tentacles slide all over her skin. Her legs were being quickly enwrapped as were her arms, restricting her ability to thrash about. She definitely tried harder to escape again though as she felt yet another tentacle worm its way down her front and slide between her legs and up between her butt cheeks before wrapping around her waist to secure her tight. As she was being ensnared the creature continued to lift her higher up to reach its opening maw.

"Ahhh..!" Idoya's eyes were covered as another tentacles coiled around her head, blindfolding her. The tentacles all over her limbs and body continued to squirm and rub sensually against her skin while shedding her clothes for her, leaving her naked within its grip.

Durate was also in a similar state of peril.

"Mmmfff!"

Two tentacles had found his shoulders and had quickly coiled their way down his arms. Durate had managed to draw his knife and cut into one of the tentacles assaulting him before his arm restraint had reached his hand and forced its way between his hand and the blade, causing him to drop it. Another tentacle snaked under his tunic and wound around his chest while another coiled around his waist.

Durate struggled fiercely against the monsters tentacles, attempting to kick and push himself away. That ability to struggle was slowly taken away from him as he felt two powerful tentacles wrap around his thighs and work their way down his legs.

Durate froze all his body as he felt yet another tentacle slip under the waist band of his pants and coiled tightly around his cock. Frozen in shock he could only gurgle against the vine in his mouth as he felt his cock somehow harden under its strong, wet and warm grip.

"Mmmm...!"

He felt yet another tentacle trace over the back of his head before covering his eyes. His last vision had been of his naked friend writhing within the coils of the other monster being similarly stimulated.

And then his world was black. His only senses were of touch, bringing a great sense of confusion as to how such a monster could make him feel so confused about himself. He tried to reach down to pull his cock free of the coil around it but he felt his arm pulled back instead and more tentacle length wrap around both his hands. He could only manage a muffled cry of confusion against his gag as the tentacle continued to stimulate his cock.

He could also feel the monster pull him higher up. Remembering how high the pods had been on the roof of the overhang, freeing himself now could risk serious injury. Considering how many coils of tentacle were around him though, he had no idea how he was even going to get free in the first place.

In his mind he could listen to Idoya's feelings. She too was greatly confused and frightened at being at the mercy of this monster. But like him, her will was crumbling every moment within their grip as a slowly growing sense of pleasure began to displace both fear and confusion though.

Durate felt the coils finish retracting and numerous other shorter tentacles grip him tightly.

Idoya had also realised she was at the top of the overhang and directly against the monster, feeling its smaller tentacles hold her. She feared what was to come next despite the monster making her feel incredible all over. In her mind she could sense Durate in a similar position, restrained and stimulated against his will but fast becoming a semi willing assistant in his own demise.

"This is it.. we made one mistake and it will cost us our lives.."

As she felt the thick tentacle running between her thighs loosen its grip and two more tentacles probe her butt cheeks, she grunted hard as the creature shuddered and squeezed her tight and start trembling.

The monster that held Durate also seemed to halt its ministrations and tremble as though it were somehow second guessing its actions. Durate felt frustration as the pleasant squeezing sensation around his cock was abruptly halted and shocked when the tentacles started to loosen their grip. He could move again!

Idoya also felt her bindings slacken off as the monster that had captured her began lowering her to the ground quickly. The one between her lips withdrew itself from her along with the others once she was safely back on the ground. Sunlight beat at her eyelids as she could only pant limply as she lay on the ground, taking her time to recover from the attack.

Duarte was in a similar position, having been freed from his tentacle captor he could only recover his breath and come back to his senses. A few minutes later he managed to crawl over to Idoya and wrap his arms around her and held her tight. Idoya sensed his approach and could only weakly snuggle him back. He kissed her head.

"We're safe... I think. Can you get up?"

"I.. I think so, we should run.."

"There is no need to run now." Said a different voice.

Huh?

Idoya and Durate both opened their eyes at the unknown voice and turned to see who it was. Still weak from their assault they were unable to get up, so when they laid their eyes on the newcomer, they gasped.

"I am Lelani, and I am very happy to meet you both!" She smiled.

Idoya and Durate could only stare wide eyed at the person before them. She was dark skinned... but had brilliantly green hair. She was also nude, not even bothering to cover herself despite having a figure that any man in the village would openly stare at and desire to bed.

Idoya, who had been starting to feel some weird pleasure in the monsters grip, could sense a return to those feelings as she gazed upon Lelani. Her grip on her friend Durate tightened as he himself could feel his cock return to hardness as he looked at her features she so proudly showed off.

"Who... who are you? You look so different.."

She smiled beautifully and walked over to the pair and sat down in front of them.

"You may not have seen my kind before? There are not many of us so I am not surprised. Besides," She chuckled "You both are young and may have led a sheltered life, even in this jungle. I am Lelani, I am a dryad passing through this way when I saw you taken by the Rock Berry. To not only survive this jungle but call it your home and master it must take great skill and courage!"

Both Idoya and Durate smile at this.

"We both got caught though, we should have been more alert.." mumbled Durate.

"While that may or may not be true, the Rock Berry is a monster that can be hard to spot and identify, perched up there on the dark roof of this outcropping. Besides, it would not have harmed you, it merely wanted to use you."

"Use us... how?" Asked Idoya.

"The Rock Berry is typical of most monsters. While it gets its nutrients from the soil, sunlight air and water, it also has a hunger of a different kind and feeds off of people and other humanoids like myself if I am not careful.. When I can, it will reach out and grab people and pull them in to stimulate them over and over again."

"Stimulate... you mean... like when.. a man and a woman... they lay down with each other and.."
