 Spoiler Tags: transformation, monster girl, straight sex, litrpg, virtual reality, adventure, manticore, holstaur, buttplay, futanari, gaming

Story takes a little while to get into the sex so if you're looking for a quick fix you might want to look elsewhere. Hope you enjoy the story.

© capn_doggy

~ ~ ~

Opening my eyes, I found myself gazing at a picturesque blue sky peeking through the gaps in the leaves of the tree that towered over me. I shimmied my hips as I tested and catalogued the parts of my body.

All four limbs present and accounted for. Fingers and toes as well.

I closed one eye then the other.

Both eyes work at what appears to be standard efficiency.

My hands cautiously poked at my chest and face.

I think I'm male. Actually...

I felt at my face, more specifically, poking at a scar that I'd gotten roughhousing with my dad when I was three.

Damn. Direct avatar mapping from user data. I whistled appreciatively. Risky. Don't usually see that anymore.

More exploration taught me that the game was probably rated 18+, what with my junk tucked securely into some cotton boxers. The boxers were hidden under surprisingly comfortable roughspun brown robes, complete with hemp rope cinched around my waist. Most games went for a Ken doll approach with their avatar models, avoiding a lot of age restrictions that came with including genitals.

I searched for any additional equipment but was unable to locate anything in the pockets or anywhere else. Hoisting myself off the ground, I was grateful that they'd at least provided some sturdy leather boots.

This should at least prove intriguing. You've peaked my interest Eve.

My artificial intelligence's dulcet tones slipped from the ether into my ear, the southern twang caressing my eardrums. "That's the idea," she said with a hint of smugness.

Uh. Uh. You know better than that, let me experience it for myself before you butt in.

"Oh I will," she said, now with more than a hint of smugness. No, there was a truckload of smugness. There was enough smugness there that I was afraid I would have to offload some of it on my neighbors during the holidays just to get rid of it all.

It was enough smugness to make me a wee bit nervous about what was in store for me.

Apocalyptic zombies? Maybe medieval war games? Ravenous zombies? Space flight tester? Amorous Zombies!?! 

It was a mystery that I wasn't going to solve standing here.

For the first time since spawning in the world I decided to turn my attention away from myself, choosing to look at the surrounding landscape. Waving stalks of some sort of grain ebbed and flowed in waves on the hillside surrounding me. I stood at the peak of one of the many hills in this part of the environment, a lone tree by my side of a type I couldn't even begin to guess, my expertise more on the circuits and transistor side of life. There was a well maintained white gravel road that curved through the hills into the smudges of green that I suspected were trees in the distance. Just beyond the intersection of green and the road a steady plume of smoke poured up into progressively translucent winding snake in the atmosphere. To the north, way off on the edge of the horizon, the jagged peaks of a mountain range was barely visible as they pierced the sky.

Looking between the road and the smoke a couple of times, I came to a decision.

Screw the road. I'm heading towards the smoke. Give a gamer a well marked path that meanders toward a destination and a rocky mountain that leads straight toward it and they'll choose the mountain every time. I'll choose the mountain. Every time. 

Leaving a furrow of flattened wildlife behind me, I cut a path through the field towards the smoke.

This is... boring. I thought after a mile or so of walking. Probably one of those hyper-realistic hiking/survivalist simulations, ugggh. Why would Eve choose this for me? She knows I think these kind of games are dumb. I like games for the fantastical experiences they provide that you can't get in the real world. Oh wait... What's that?

That was a female silhouette, the first unique thing in the unending swathes of what I suspected to be wheat. She just stood in the middle of the field, swaying slightly as the breeze tousled her shamrock colored hair. Leaves were woven throughout her tresses and they fluttered about, giving her an almost ethereal look as the sun shone down on her elfin face. She was naked except for a pink, inverse-tulip shaped gown that unfurled around her waist, obscuring the majority of her lower half. Watching her, I was impressed with how still she managed to stand, her arms held away from her sides, hands splayed as if she was trying to catch the entirety of the sunshine falling on the field. Her wavy hair was such a dark green it was almost black, and had little blooming flowers woven throughout, providing little bursts of color in the otherwise twilight expanse.

I was surprised at how exotic and supple her green skin looked, like the petals of a rose. Her dusky avocado colored colored nipples kept my attention for more than a few moments.

Not that I don't appreciate the attention to details but why would a plant based organism require an organ designed for the transfer of nutrients in mammals.

While I mused, I started to swing around her still form, interested to see if the front door matched the back one. Stumbling, I managed to keep from falling on my face as my foot caught on a root.

A root.... Oh Shit!

The root was about the size of a roll of quarters that snapped tight as it wound around my calf as it spanned the ten feet between our bodies. A mass of ropy tentacles roiled around underneath her pink blouse as her eyes blazed as she stared me down. Her appraisal of me seemed too foodlike for my opinion. I suspected I was in deep trouble as my feet were yanked out from underneath me, the grass cushioning my fall as she reeled me in like a fish.

Flopping and wriggling, I tried to grasp the vines, but their surfaces resisted my my feeble attempts as my ass flattened a trail into the grass. She remained where she was, content to let her tendrils reel me in. Gritting my teeth I tried to free myself, punching her in the mass of stalks that anchored her into the ground as she pulled me beneath her.

My strike had about as much effect as if I hit her with a nerf bat or a pool noodle. Disappointed, she scowled at me as the vines that trailed from her converged on me, crawling up my calves and securing them together. The ropelike greenery continued to tie up my body, easily wrapping up my arms and tying them to my side as I rocked back and forth, rendering me impotent.

She lowered herself, smoothly, arching down, bringing those enticing breasts towards my face as she leaned forward, those delicate fingers which had caught the sun outstretched as the went to cradle my face.

Maybe, she's not as hostile as I first thought.

I kept trying to pull my feet apart, but I stopped thrashing. The pads of her fingers were cool as they traced the contours of my jaw.

On the way to wrap AROUND MY THROAT! DEFINITELY HOSTILE!

My renewed struggles were short lived, however, my senses gradually fading as she cut off the flow of blood to my brain. Sight was the first to go, darkness slowly telescoping toward the center until everything went black, her smile fading as her hungry look was replaced by confused concern. Smell was the next, the lingering floral scent a spark in the darkness of the smell crushed grass that surrounded me. The soft steel of her fingers lost coherence as my sense of touch faded until only the sounded of my heartbeat remained. It struggled valiantly in my ears as it raced to provide oxygen to my desperate brain.

The last thud echoed loudly in the darkness, the sound deep and menacing like the tolling of a bell. Words appeared in the darkness, floating in the center of the transparent pane of my control panel, wreathed judgmentally in dark crimson script:

[You Died]

The darkness and words faded as I found myself floating above plant girl as she shook me cautiously, my entire length still bound like a mummy in her tendrils. Her shaking grew more desperate, and I was surprised to see tears in her eyes as they fell onto my body. She sobbed into her hands as she wept over my remains.

Huh. That's different. I thought, confused at her actions.

I watched with morbid fascination as my body slowly crumbled to dust in her hands. There was a little glowing seed perched on top of the pile of dust. It looked like a oval gem the size of an egg, and it swirled with an odd brownish green color as it levitated from the pile and sank into the weeping womans chest. Just as I was starting to wonder exactly how long the respawn timer would take, a gender bent grim reaper popped into existence not two feet from me. She had tight black robes that hugged her modest curves and a gigantic scythe strapped to her back. The scythe had an odd outline about it. Somehow seeming hyper realistic, both drawing in the eye while also frightening with its implicitly stated purpose. The woman had an expressionless look on her face, the upper half covered in a bone white mask that was just a shade lighter than her pale skin. Silver hair was brushed back behind her ears as it fell into the hood of her robe. Her eyes, the most striking thing about her, were blood red and peeking through the eye sockets of her mask, the only splash of color on her otherwise monochromatic appearance. Taking a step towards me, her hand began to rise from her side, each movement deliberate and measured but felt like they had the weight of eons behind them. I took a step back instinctively as my flight or fight klaxons sounded the alarm inside my head.

Or, rather, I tried to step back...

Just as I'd begun to move, gravity decided to once again assert itself and I tripped over my suddenly re-corporeal form landing on my ass on top of the hill I'd first spawned on.

Well. That sucked.

My heart beat wildly in my chest as I came down from both my literal and figurative face to face with death.

Or was that two literals and no figuratives? I wondered. It certainly wasn't the first time I'd died in a video game.

"That was death number 10,728. You were actually ten minutes off from your personal best for quickest death," Eve said condescendingly.

Ughh. That stupid zombie sim. Wanting to start things off on a tense note and have you die, before actually beginning the game. Phantom scents of burning flesh haunted me for a week after I'd completed that one. 

"Yeah. That was not your favorite game ever."

Understate much? Ever since four, Resident Evil's gone nowhere but downhill. 

"That game was still better than that MMO, Bladeforge Eternal. How long did that group camp the rookie graveyard. Two hours? Three?"

Three and a half hours, as you well know. I grumbled at Eve, getting angry just thinking about it.

That was the day I'd sworn off multiplayer virtual reality games while also making a name for myself as more than a part time online reviewer slash video poster. I'd drunkenly written in an online blog, a week before its release, that the highly touted MMO was fated to crash and burn not due to any of the flaws within the game itself as much as the desires and personalities of the people flooding into the newly crafted virtual world. Specifically, the unmitigated chaos that could occur when you mix a bunch of socially awkward people with the burning desire to be a hero. The truth being there was only a finite amount of heroics to dole out to a veritable hoard of people. Those two factors combined led to the game feeling thin and stretched. That, along with cookie cutter content meant the game quickly became boring. It's a dangerous cocktail, having people with legendary abilities and copious amount of free time, feeling bored. The roving gangs of high leveled characters started to 'cull the herd' which stifled the arrival of repeat players and chopped down any chance of a healthy player base off at the roots.

My blog was featured on the front page of a popular internet news site and I became a household name of the VR gamer community overnight. The influx of users to my site allowed me to leverage myself into a position to sell myself at a price to advertisers such that I could live off providing my honest opinions while reviewing games.

In fact, one of my biggest advertisers was the global electronics company that made both Eve and virtual reality gaming possible. The juggernaut made their millions pioneering the creation of a usable AI system, preventing rogue behavior by pairing them to a human mind in adolescence. That innovation led to a variety of benefits that the world was still adjusting to, such as an eighty percent decrease in depression and early detection of a battery of diseases and conditions, to name a few.

My recent problems were created by my game channels hook; I played all my games blind. Not physically blind, no, that would be dumb. Blind in way that I had no foreknowledge of the game whatsoever. No trailers, no previews, no box art, not even the name. Nothing. I then posted the videos online along with my thoughts as I learned what the games were about, while simultaneously stumbling through the opening parts of the game and generally making a fool of myself. Sometimes the popularity of my blooper videos was almost depressing. That of course raised the point of how I chose the games I would play, while also maintaining my ignorance.

Easy. I let Eve do it for me.

"Maybe you should stay to the beaten path," she suggested wryly, as I stood up.

Bah. When has taking the road less traveled ever gotten me in trouble?

"There was that time with the space slugs. That, 'brilliant new strategy' you had in that medieval real time strategy game. What about -"

I got it I got it. Straight and narrow. I thought sarcastically, but recalling my demise at the hands of the plant lady still sent an involuntary shiver rocking through me.

Maybe I will stay on the road this time.

I set out for the smoke in the distance, my wobbly legs firmly in the center of the clearly marked path as it wound down the prairie.

I was walking for maybe twenty minutes before I stumbled across the remains of a campsite complete with an armor clad knight prone on its back, unmoving.

Dead?

"Hard to say. Approach with extreme caution," she replied quickly, all traces of attitude gone as we got down to business. Eve and I could bicker with the best of them but when it got to game time there's no one I'd rather have at my back.

The figures legs and chest were covered in a shining silver armor adorned with every imaginable scratch and slash under the sun. This armor had seen some shit. From my angle it was hard to see the knights face, but its forearms were covered in a dark red cloth or fabric. There weren't any visible reasons for the knights unconsciousness. No convenient sword or arrow sticking out of its chest or missing limb or head.

Its - her - head, stuck out the top of the armor. She had soft features, at odds with the battle worn armor. What caught my attention were the furry little ears that poked up vertically from the top of her head.

That was all the analysis I managed before her eyes shot open and, like a snake on red bull, she lunged into motion. A cinderblock tipped with four razor blades slammed into my collarbone, sending me tumbling backwards. My shoulder slammed into the ground, wrenching it painfully as I rolled to a stop.

Did someone catch to license plate of the truck that hit me?

"A-5-5-W-H-U-P. And if you don't hurry it up it's gonna smack you again."

Before I could catch my breath a partially furred form was crouched on top of me, compressing my stomach. She had one hand at my throat with the other raised threateningly, claws out, preparing to slice.

Her face would've been pretty, almost girl next door esque, but was currently marred by its contorted expression of rage.

"Nyot!," she barked, the sound shooting between a set of pointed fangs.

An invisible wave of magical energy washed over me, tickling the space between my ears.

There was a moment of absolute stillness.

Then it was almost amusing watching the myriad of emotions trickle across her face as she processed the situation. Anger to confusion to fear to guilt before finally settling on horror. Her furry fox ears with white insides folded back flat against her head as she looked over what she'd done to my chest.

This would be much more enjoyable if I wasn't leaking like a sieve.

"Shit! No. No no no no no," she said, her voice containing a natural purr that resembled a house cat's, lending it an otherwise exotic edge.

She held her hand- or is it a paw?- up to her mouth.

I mean it does have fur and claws but the fingers are longer and thin, more like a humans or monkeys than a cats.

The supple red fur ran up to her elbows and tickled my skin as she staunched the lacerations while also rummaging around her bag for some bandages.

She released a sigh of relief as the rivulets of crimson blood slowed to a trickle before stopping. The sharp pain followed suit in a remarkably quick manner. She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand-paw, leaving an inadvertent streak of blood, like face paint across her left side.

"You're going to be okay," she said.

It sounded more like she was trying to convince herself more than me.

Why is the burning going away? I thought at Eve.

"The bandages she used were soaked in a special ointment. The wounds should completely close in a few minutes and totally healed in a few hours. Even without the bandages, any nonfatal wounds fully recover overnight, though they might leave some scarring if they weren't treated beforehand," Eve explained. "Towns also have special treatment buildings which house healers you can go to for free assistance. You can also hire the healers to accompany you on expeditions, which is not free."

The woman next to me held her... paws, and I'm sticking with it... over her face as she kneeled in the road, her shiny armor marred with splotches containing a mixture of blood and dirt.

"Uhhh... Lady if you promise not to slice me again, I'll promise not to try to wake you up again. I mean, I'm as big a fan of sleep as the next guy, but I wouldn't eviscerate someone over it," I said, attempting to use humor to lighten the heavy air. "Probably wouldn't. Nothing quite like a good evisceration in the morning." I winced, mentally castigating myself as my words fell flat.

"No, it's not about you... Wait... That came out wrong," she amended, fiddling with her long braid of hair the same shade as her fur that fell down to the swell of her breasts. "I meant it's not only about you. Obviously I didn't mean to... Hurt... You... I just thought..." She stumbled through her thoughts and words before taking a moment to gather herself. "Let me explain what's happened before you judge me for my actions." She took a deep breath to get her thoughts neatly aligned. "Prior to you waking me up I'd been escorting someone to the capital, judging by my state she managed to get the best of me and escape. This was my first assignment as a Knight of the White Lotus and I've bungled it. I can't even remember what she looks like or who she is or what I'm supposed to do with her." The woman started tear up before visibly composing herself, shaking her head, and resolving herself to correct her mistake.
