 And the summer hiatus draws to a close! I missed all of you. We should be returning to our roughly five-chapters-a-month schedule as of now. :)

What follows is a strictly non-canon alternate ending to the Monstrous Ranch, set directly before the Crows were supposed to arrive to interrupt Laca the holstaur's moment of triumph. Unless you want it to be canon, in which case, enjoy! ;)

*****

Kitten bounced up and down upon Master's—upon Senya's—upon her boy's cock, her pussy tingling and throbbing in perfect pleasure. Her vision was blurred, foggy with lust. And it felt so nice to know her mind was just the same.

All she could hear were her own panted mewls as she bounced up and down, the chorus of moans, screams and squeals from the fey and humans all around them—fey and humans that, she dimly knew, has been overwhelmed by magic into a giant, delicious orgy—and her boy's moans, whimpers, and wet suckling sounds.

All she could smell was their musk and sweat, the smells of sex, and the wonderful, sweet smell of Mommy's milk. It was all around. It, and the sounds, and the pleasure, bathed her mind in the will to submit. To fuck. To suckle.

Kitten blinked blearily, biting her lip. Even as she hesitated, the nubile catgirl plunged back down atop her boy's wonderful, needy cock, drinking in both her pleasure and his with a trembling delight.

Vaguely, she understood that the last thing—the smell of the milk—as, in the strictest sense, some kind of problem.

The trouble was, she just felt... so... good.

"Come, my dears," said a warm voice, a triumphant voice, a voice so impossibly smooth and wonderful it made the catgirl's pussy clench and her ears flatten as she came, mewing loudly, only vaguely realizing she had just followed an order she hadn't even fully understood. "Come with me. There will be time for all this—mm—later, won't there, my darlings?"

She heard twin moans of agreement. Easy, mindless agreement.

Kitten blinked again, her vision clearing a little. The pleasure was exquisite, unstoppable, irresistible. But the mind control... that was starting to fade.

Even through her arousal, Kitten knew that something was very much wrong. She saw her wonderful boy, Senya, that adorable chestnut-haired human who had so easily yielded to her time and time again. His eyes were closed as he lay beneath her, as docile as a puppy.

But a milky-white hand cradled his head and held it up slightly. And a large, milky tit had been thrust into his open mouth. His lips were locked around a single dribbling nipple, his lips quivering, pouty, gasping for the slightest taste of milk... as he suckled at his Mommy's teat.

At Mommy's teat.

At the holstaur's teat. The holstaur, who Kitten could now blurrily see crouched over the pair. Her curly locks of silver hair bounced slightly around her bull horns as she panted, savoring her pets' attentions at those massive, perpetually needy breasts. 

A lithe, freckled woman with shaggy brown hair and distinctly furry feet, arms and sideburns was there, too, also suckling, though her eyes were open, and she didn't need Mommy's arm around her to stand—she just seemed to enjoy it.

Kitten knew quite well how good it felt to feel Mommy—to feel the holstaur—wrap her arms around you and pull you close. How good it felt to feel... helpless. Obedient. Needy.

Bobbi stared at Kitten, her orange eyes cloudy, heavy-lidded. She let out a little whine as she messily sucked and licked at Mommy's nipple. Half the milk seemed to be ending up on her face and naked body, which seemed to amuse the holstaur—and torment the hob—to no end.

Perhaps later, Mommy would humiliate her, cleaning her off with licks and kisses until she begged to make a mess of herself again. Kitten hoped so. Bobbi would deserve it—and she desperately wanted to see Mommy do that to the wicked hob. She also deeply wanted Mommy to do it to her.

Kitten found her body sinking back down upon Senya's shaft, and her mind momentarily exploded in wet, melty, dribbly pleasure as she heard her boy cumming, as she came with him, whimpering and whining and begging. The joy swelled within her like bubbles, flowed through her like sweet, warm milk.

Kitten stared down at her boy, wide-eyed. Though Senya had moaned, he hadn't even pulled away from the nipple to scream.

Fear started to spread in Kitten, and the mind control increasingly faded in spite of her pleasure. She had to get away. Had to... had to...

She rose back up on Senya's shaft, biting her lip. Her dark hair was messy, and her ears continued to ring with the moans of those around her. She heard Senya whimpering, and thought, her heart fluttering, It seems... cruel not to give him just one more stroke down.

That made sense, she thought. If she was going to rise up, she ought to rise up all the way at once if she didn't plan to fall back down again. It was cruel to torment her boy by getting up so slowly.

Kitten descended back down, and heard Mommy giggling, heard her boy moaning, felt her clit tingling and throbbing as his big, meaty, needy dick slid back inside her pussy. She moaned. It felt... so good... to be used...

Okay, she told herself. Time to rise up and get off. I mean, time to... time to get off him. You can do it.

She rose up in agonizing slowness. It took all her strength, all her will. She rose up one inch... three inches... five inches...

She got slower and slower as she approached the tip. This gradual rise felt so good, it was almost hard to remember why she was doing it. She was letting out a long, low moan as she went, as her pussy dripped, as pleasure poured through her. Her eyelashes fluttered, and she trembled, panting with the exertion. She was almost... almost...

And then she realized she'd stopped completely. And he was still inside of her. He was practically crying.

Well, she reasoned with a guilty smile, it would be cruel to back out now. She might as well come down once more. He was so close, and she was so close, and besides, Mommy was clearly occupied and wouldn't notice if she took just a little bit longer to escape. No hurry. No hurry.

Smiling in relief at how much wonderful sense this made, Kitten let out a squeal of pleasure as she impaled herself again upon his shaft.

This time, she felt her boy struggling to cum, deep, deep in her soul, despite having cum so, so many times today already. Realizing he had hit his limit, it felt so very easy for Kitten to just reach out towards his spirit and... tickle it a little. It responded eagerly, willingly, and she generously guided it towards yet another blissful orgasm.

She knew she was making his will weaker, but his screams of joy were all she needed to rationalize it. He deserved it. He was... he was such a...

"Good boy," she heard the holstaur cooing, stroking his hair. "Good girl. Good—oh, so good... but it's almost time to go, babies..."

Those words of praise sent Kitten into such a catatonic state of bliss, she was just beaming up idiotically at the cloudy sky when she heard the last phrase.

And that phrase sparked up her fear all over again. Go? Go where? Where was Momm—where was the holstaur taking them?

Mewling in what was almost grief, she forced her way off of Senya's dick. It looked so naked, twitching and bouncing without a pussy or mouth to see to it, and for a moment Kitten licked her lips and started to lean...

No. She jerked her head back up. Mommy was still smiling down at Senya, heedless of the way his moans had turned just a little bit imperceptibly needier.

Her head ringing, swinging, swimming, Kitten began to crawl away. As she crawled away from them, lucidity sparkled once again in her pleasure-drained mind.

This was a disaster. It was all a disaster. She'd been a fool to trust Mommy, been a fool to believe they could beat her. Why weren't the Crows' reinforcements coming yet? What was going on?

~ ~ ~ ~

"I'm a toy," the archer moaned, his whole body trembling as his cock twitched and fired globs of cum into the air. "J-Just a horny toy!"

Melissa the Thriae beamed down at the helpless warrior. As with one hand she delicately stroked him, she raised her little pitcher of hot, gooey Thriae mead with the other. The wasp-waisted blonde beauty giggled, batting her eyelashes. "Aw, really? A toy for silly bee bimbos?"

The insult this 'Crow' had made earlier still made her laugh, and hadn't exactly stung, but she was eager to make him eat his words—before she made him drink what would make him forget them.

"Y-yes!" he bubbled. "A t-toy for—for silly bee bimbos!" His voice almost turned into a squeal as her fingers slid up his slick cock.

"Gosh, that must mean you're, like..." She leaned down and kissed him on the lips, her tongue thrusting into his mouth, filling him with even more poisonous honey. She pulled back and giggled again. "Even dumber and hornier and sillier than us!" She wiggled the little pitcher, and enjoyed watching his increasingly golden pupils dilate. Oh, he was panting for it. Gagging for it.

Her band of seven Thriae—an advance guard for the main hive—had made short work of the fifty-or-so human and fey Crows who had been on their way to this 'Ambrosia Ranch'. Now, all around her, they were enjoying the cuter toys from among their winnings. This man had been the captain, and so was reserved for Melissa's pleasure.

Judging by the squeals Sfika was making to her left, Melissa almost wished she'd gone for the bunny boy second-in-command instead. But humiliating arrogant humans was definitely her poisoning of choice. And this one blushed so nicely, like he couldn't stop thinking about how totally he had degraded himself for her touches. He'd stop thinking soon enough, of course.

"Yes!" he cried. "I m-mean—I wanna be—I nnnneed to be... m-more!"

"Even sillier?" she prompted, smirking as she straddled him and positioned herself over his cock, her pussy dripping with slick, poisonous sweetness, ready to plunge him into an amber oblivion. "Even hornier? Even more of a dumb... silly... bimbo?" 

He didn't need to answer, but she enjoyed listening to his choked, blubbering attempts to do so as she began to empty the pitcher's sweet contents into his mouth.

It's a happy ending for the Thriae, that's for sure! she thought happily, as she descended upon her new honey sprite.

~ ~ ~ ~

Gradually clearing out of Kitten's mindset, Valina crawled away from the site of the orgy, her heart beating rapidly against her heavy chest. She was so horny. So thirsty. But she had to... had to...

A soft, gentle hand wrapped around her tail and gave it a little tug. Valina squeaked and instinctively froze.

A second later, fingers started to scritch behind her feline ears.

Kitten's eyes widened. "N-no," she whined, even as her eyelids fluttered half-closed, even as she started to purr...

"Where are you going, my slutty Kitten?" Bobbi purred in her ear, kissing her on the cheek softly. "Pussycat, pussycat, where will you go?"

"No," Kitten whined, struggling weakly in Bobbi's iron grip as an arm wrapped around her shoulders.

"Never that word," the hob said firmly, silkily, as fingers slipped between Kitten's legs and started to caress her inner thighs. "Remember, Kitten... always..."

"A-Always say yes," Kitten whimpered, her eyes glazing a little. Her mind struggled to fight back, but the trigger was... it was like catnip...

"We both know," the hob cooed, "how much you love being a nice, submissive, eager, drippy little pet. Don't we?"

Kitten was panting again. Fingers had found her pussy, even as the words dripped, dripped, dripped like water from a leaky ceiling. Her mind was dripping. Dripping like her pussy down below.

"Aw." Bobbin's fingers gently toyed with Kitten's clit until Kitten's face was pressed against the grass, panting, whimpering, trying so, so hard to stay silent. "Does our little pussy... need... something?"

Her fingers rubbed Kitten's ear. Kitten's mind dripped. Oozed.

Kitten heard herself breathe something out.

"What was that, little kitty?"

Trying to control her words was like wrestling with a greased serpent. "I n-need to be... I need... to be a good Kitten," Kitten whispered.

A pause. A stroke. A giggle. And Bobbin's voice, as wispy and husky as pine smoke. "What was that... pet?"

And Kitten's mind melted.

"Mew!" she cried, wiggling her hips against Bobbin's fingers and purring loudly. "Mew! MEEW!"

She heard Bobbin's laughter. "There's my good Kitten! Now, let's take her back. Mommy is waiting."

Kitten obediently crawled back as Bobbi stroked her, her mind a tormented mess. She couldn't resist. She had submitted once again. And she'd done it all with a wide, blissful smile as pleasure filled her submission-starved brain.

Bobbin led her by the shoulder until they came to the most beautiful creature Kitten had ever known. Kitten stared up in wonder and adoration.

The holstaur smiled down at her. Senya was already clinging to her side, his legs wobbling, her hand clutching his ass to keep him standing. "Hello, Kitten," she cooed. "Trying to run away, hm? Silly, naughty thing."

Kitten felt a wave of shame rise in her and her face heating up. She mewed pathetically, her ears flattening in guilt.

"Aw, don't worry!" Mommy smirked. "You're lucky Mommy is so kind and forgiving." She stroked Kitten's hair, and Kitten's tail twitched happily.

The holstaur stooped and practically scooped Kitten up off the ground. She straightened, holding the catgirl sitting upon her right arm (luckily, Bobbi was there to help hold her up, but Kitten knew Mommy was very strong and would take care of them both). "Is Kitten thirsty?" she coed, her face now inches from Kitten's.

Kitten's mind was still aswirl with resistance and fear and all sorts of horrid thoughts as she mewed and nodded eagerly, her eyes fixated on that single little droplet of milk at Mommy's spare tit.

She felt Mommy laughing as her head was gently pushed towards the tit. Excitedly, she gave a little lick, then a suckle, then blissfully buried her head into Mommy's soft flesh and started drinking as fast as she could. Wonderful, creamy pleasure flowed into her instantly as the slightly spiced, creamy drink touched the tip of her tongue.

"Don't worry, little one," Mommy purred, clutching the three of them close as she began to walk, clumsily, away from the scene. Kitten vaguely heard a loud buzzing overhead, but this only served to accentuate her lust, to further empty her mind into sticky, gooey, thirsty, needy kittenish pleasure. "M-Mommy's gonna... fix you. Y-You'll be so... so very, very happy."

And they hurried away from the battlesite as the Thriae descended upon the Ranch.

~ ~ ~ ~

"Such a good boy," Mommy cooed. "Suuuuch a good kitten! Aw, and you were so silly before, wanting to get away, weren't you?"

"Mm!" agreed the catgirl, her mouth too full of milk and nipple to even think to object, much less speak.

Bobbi clung to the holstaur's side, helping her support the catgirl as they made their way out. Senya was stumbling beside them, his eyelids drooping, constantly licking his lips. He, like Bobbi, missed the milk. But he, like Bobbi, would wait. Mommy seemed especially eager to hold the catgirl, to cradle her against her warm body.

It made Bobbi so wet to see the catgirl so... degraded.

She stared adoringly at La—at Mommy, and continued planting little kisses along her neck, eager to convey to her just how grateful she was. She was so wonderfully relieved to finally be with her Mommy again. She was so, so desperate to suckle some more, but she knew Mommy knew best. She would wait her turn.

In the meantime, her head drifted in blissful clouds, addicted, compliant. Perfect.

But as they started to approach the gates, a strange ringing started to enter her ears. It took Bobbi a moment to understand it, and at first, she mewled needily, thinking it was just thirst. Mommy just smiled at her, kissed her, and kept walking.

But Bobbi realized it wasn't need. Her head was ringing. Pounding. Sparking. She looked around with horror, and saw the whole world... bending.

Oh.

She had never experienced this feeling before, but she knew intuitively exactly what it meant. It was the experience of leaving her home—and without any new home to take care of. It was the feeling of betraying the Primal Code.

No.

NO.

NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.

She tried to struggle, to pull away, but Kitten's left arm was draped over her shoulder and held her fast. Bobbi's world was wild, flashing. Her whole body was spasming. "No!" she managed, panic surging within her. "No!"

Each and every fey had a Primal Code—a set of fundamental rules they could not safely deviate from. Never harm children. Focus on the now. The lust sprites sought sex with spoken permission, the holstaur sought hungry mouths, the nymphs kept their oaths, and the house fey had to have a Home. A mortal's house to look after. Fey could sometimes bend these, but to outright betray them...

She stared wide-eyed at the gate as they drew near. It yawned open, inviting, like the hungry maw of a feral beast. The Outside. No. No. NO NO NO NO.

Mommy was trying to shush her, but Bobbin was insensible with panic. She could not leave home. If she left now, she would never return, she knew. She knew that. She was going to live with a fey, which was as good as living in the wilderness. It was wrong wrong wrong wrong WRONG. She could not

could not

Kitten was moving, Bobbin understood dimly, shifting, mewling, but she couldn't think about that. All she could think about was

Was

Was

...

... oh!

Bobbin blinked rapidly, realizing they had stopped right at the exit. She had been set down in the grass. She was safe.

Her mind, so recently stricken with panic, was now dizzy with effort, and she looked down with confused, simple delight at the moaning catgirl lapping between her legs. Kitten's eyes met hers. They were milky-green and glinting with entranced bliss as she licked with that little kittenish tongue of hers.

"Oh." Bobbi squirmed, her mind whiplashing into glee as her legs closed reflexively, trapping the mischievous catgirl's face between her legs, her hands running through Kitten's long, silky hair. "Oh! Ooh!" Her mind was still so dazed, so vapid and vacant, she could only think to squeal with glee at Kitten's expert, wonderful tongue. "Ooooh!"

"There's my good girl," she heard Mommy coo in her ear, kissing her tenderly. "There's my good, empty, silly girl. So silly and dumb. So vulnerable and wet and weak. Such a good girl."

Bobbin could only coo and bubble. Her head was too empty—too tired, too sleepy—to even remember what was going on. They were moving again. But she couldn't focus on that. Her mind was so dreamy and wriggly... and Kitten's tongue felt so good... Mommy's whispers sounded so nice...

And for a moment, she felt the strange lurching again, but it was distant. Too distant now. She blinked rapidly.

And then it was past, replaced by a feeling of total, pure vulnerability, and Bobbi understood that there was no going back now. She had allowed herself to Leave Home, and with it, she had left behind most of her powers—without finding a new mortal's home to look after!

She was like a hermit crab without a shell, a sazae-oni without her hat, a... a... a good girl without a mommy.

Only she did have a Mommy. She beamed up at the holstaur, still dizzied and vacant, and allowed herself to be pulled back to her feet.
