 The fleece sprites had me off-balance. The scarecrows were... almost frightening in their enthusiasm. But nothing quite topped that catgirl's eagerness. At least, not until I met Brigitte.

Anya, I'm trying not to get too into detail for your sake, but you're the most qualified person I know to analyze what happened today. That alraune poisoned me, mind and body. And I can't shake the feeling that this was a test.

A test I failed.

At least, I hope this is considered failure. If this was the result they were hoping for...

"Does my darling master want to stroke?" Brigitte cooed.

"Yes," Senya whimpered. "Yes!"

"Then stroke." Her gleaming green eyes devoured his form with a searing passion. Senya felt his hand start to slide up and down his shaft, and pleasure streaked through his whole body. It felt so good to touch himself. So good to do as Brigitte told him. "Stroke your long, thick cock, Master, and feel your will fill it. Isn't it powerful? Isn't it awe-inspiring?"

"Uh..." Senya could barely think about what she was saying. All he could do was stroke. All he could do was stroke.

She laughed. "It's okay. You need not trouble yourself with thinking anymore. Stroke faster, and stroke those useless thoughts into it."

It was as though a great weight had been lifted from Senya's shoulders. He smiled weakly at her and started to stroke faster. "Yes," she hissed, "my Master feels all those nasty thoughts just... leaking out, does he not?"

He started to pant with effort. She watched greedily as a droplet of precum emerged. "Dribbling out. All those useless thoughts, all those silly doubts. You will cum them out, Master."

"Cum?" Senya's mind could barely comprehend the rest, but this part made sense to him. It filled him with a burning need.

"Mm. Stroke faster, and with each stroke, dedicate yourself moreso to me." She leaned close. Senya realized he was starting to lift into the air. "Stroke faster, and feel the lust pounding. Stroking your will like a docile pet. Stroking your will like a needy cock. It wants to escape, Master. You must release it."

"Release..."

"Stroke faster, and with every throb of your mighty manhood, feel it take over a little more," she purred. "For you do not want to think, do you? You want to allow it to do your thinking."

"Unh... but..." Senya struggled. He knew this was wrong. He was in the air now. That was strange. And... let his cock think for him? His mouth opened. "I... as Master, I c-command you—"

A tentacle slid into his mouth. No, a slick vine. His mouth closed instinctively, and a delicious, creamy sweetness filled his mouth.

He found himself suckling passively as Brigitte smiled at him, like she'd just shut up a child with a lollipop. "Now, now. You want your cock to think for you, my sweet little Master, because you want your cock to master me. Do you not?"

His eyes widened. He was now suspended above the plant, and he could see Brigite's form inside the flower. Her hips were wide, her legs shapely, curved to hint at glorious pleasure between them. The juices of the flower blurred most of it, but if he could just get a little closer...

"Mm-hm!" he managed.

"Then stroke faster, my Master, and let your cock master. Your cock is so powerful, so perfect." Brigitte was stroking herself, Senya realized, but she clearly had a lot more control than he did. He didn't know how he hadn't come yet. He was stroking like a madman, frantically seeking release, but none would... would come. "Stroke faster, my Master. Your cock deserves so much pleasure."

"Mm..." Senya felt his mind sinking deep, deep down, settling at a primitive state.

Brigitte stared at his cock with what could only be called devotion. "Yes," she husked, "your perfect, wonderful cock deserves so much control. Let it master me. Let it master you."

Senya just kept sucking. He could no longer remember what he'd been objecting to. His whole mouth was tingling. His head was spinning. His cock was throbbing.

The tentacle left his mouth after a moment, and Brigitte looked up at him expectantly. "Yes," he whined.

"Does your cock master you now, my powerful, dominant Master?" Brigitte cooed sweetly up at him.

"Yes," he whispered. "P-please, I need to... need to come..."

Her smile widened. "Then it is ready to master me."

Immediately, his whimpers turned into moans as he saw her legs spread. The flower's petals seemed to stretch outward slightly to make room. Room for him. Room for her Master.

The vines gently lowered him down towards the liquid. His toes dipped into the warm, thick nectar. He missed the tentacle, but as Brigitte pursed her lips for him, he knew that her kisses would be far more sweet.

He barely felt her kisses, though. He felt the juices of the alraune's plant first. His whole lower body started to tingle. It was like all his sensation was being concentrated in one erotic area.

"What does your cock want, my Master?" Brigitte whispered, her lips playing on his cheeks, her tongue flicking out and teasing him.

He didn't hesitate. "Pleasure!" he cried. "It wants p-pleasure!"

"Then you had best obey your master," Brigitte said. "And I will live to serve you. My strong, powerful, commanding Master." Her tone was unmistakeably mocking, but Senya no longer cared. He just smiled, his eyes widening with bliss, as his cock descended into her nectar.

The lust that was filling him was indescribable. Her kisses flowed over his skin like molasses, stimulating every part of him with intoxicating sweetness. Her legs slowly wrapped around him. The flower began to contract.

He was so glad he was her Master. Otherwise he probably wouldn't be able to do things like this without being in real trouble.

"You are such a good pet," Brigitte cooed in his ear, as her pussy settled directly over his cock—but did not take him inside yet. He gasped. "Ooh! You are going to make your Mistress very, very happy."

And that made him happy. He smiled widely. Why wouldn't he want to make her happy? His... wait, Mistress?

Then the flower petals began to tighten, pressing their bodies closer together, and Senya screamed as his cock was thrust into her tight, slick folds. The alraune screamed, too. Her eyelashes fluttered, and she seized Senya in a soulcrushing kiss. The flower walls contracted around their writhing bodies, even as they sank down, deeper and deeper into the nectar. It blew Senya's mind how much he could feel. He couldn't bear it. It suffused him.

And she was so tight. So wet. The petals forced them to clash and retract, even more than the efforts of Brigitte, who was largely guiding his movements now. Senya had no control anymore. He just kissed his beloved alraune, and thrust into her, and drank of her wetness. She tasted just as delicious as the vine, just as sugary as the fruit. Flower nectar sloshed into his mouth—was she deliberately splashing it in there?—and filled him with sweetness. Her sweetness.

Reason had almost completely oozed out of him now. His brain was sloshing in the nectar like a puppy in a puddle, and his heart was already drinking greedily. He loved Brigitte, he realized, and he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her harder, biting her bottom lip. She moaned into the kiss, signaling her approval.

He pounded into her, relishing her screams. He was screaming, too, but everything in his world was turning fuzzy and blurred save her. The lewd splashings and smackings made by their two bodies mashing together within the plant, his moans and gasps, the sloppy sounds of her lips on his—even the sounds of the masturbating scarecrows behind them... none of it penetrated.

Nothing save her. He was lost in her emerald gaze, even though her eyes were now closed as an orgasm was loudly wrenched from her. Her screams of bliss were his world, her skin his only understanding of the world. He stared into her eyes and felt trapped beneath her lids, so that he was sure that if she were to open them, he would see himself, lost in green.

Silly boy, the eyes said. You humans all say you want freedom, but when it comes down to it, you will always beg. Always serve your cocks. Human weakness cannot be fought.

"An' why," she purred, breaking from the kiss for a moment, "would you want to fight this, my sweet pet?"

"I don't!" he burst out, and he kissed her again. She gasped in surprise, but then growled and rekindled her efforts. Her tight, wet sheath slid along his shaft, lubricated, slick, hard, throbbing. Pleasure was filling his whole body, filling it, filling his mind. Drowning his mind in nectar.

When he at least came, it was not just one climax. His mind seemed to bend around time, losing all perspective, and the only way he could tell time was still passing was the ebb and flow between orgasms. He never seemed to run out of cum. He drowned in lust, in this beautiful creature's embrace, and did not even notice as the flower's petals slowly closed around them, leaving them in deep green darkness.

Her eyes were glowing, now. He smiled and allowed her to milk another orgasm from his body. It felt so good to please his Mistress so.

~~~~

"Master."

The alraune gyrated her hips along his shaft, and Senya moaned.

"Master."

Her lips ran along his neck. Senya returned the affections to her neck, loving her happy little sighs. Their lips met, and as their bodies slowly pulled apart and slid towards one another, Senya allowed her tongue to probe into his mouth. Everything tasted like her now, anyways.

"Senya!"

Senya blinked. His name echoed in his almost-totally-drowned mind. Slowly, awareness started to seep back, and his eyelids crept upwards. It wasn't easy at first—they, like all parts of his body, were sticky with nectar—but at last, he got them open.

He came instantly upon seeing Brigitte's gorgeous green eyes, eyelashes fluttering, her lips pouting seductively. The pleasure jolted through him, emptying his mind again. He moaned, and she smiled. "Good boy," she cooed. "Such a good boy for Mistress."

"Brigitte."

Brigitte's pout turned a bit mopey. "Oh, scandal. It seems we are to be interrupted." She broke eye contact with Senya—whose mind was still recovering from the orgasm, and preparing for the next as her hips continued to slide along his member. "Hello, Hob."

"Brigitte, don't make me ask twice."

Senya frowned. That voice sounded familiar. He squirmed slightly.

"Aw." Brigitte gave a long sigh and turned back to Senya. She bounced her hips back and forth a few times, speeding up the rhythm of Senya's thrusts, and he moaned. His thoughts and struggles quieted. "Surely, Hob, you can see that this is no Master. He longs to serve, just as they all do, but the bloodline has grown watery indeed." She gave a little giggle on the word 'watery', and nasty, wet sounds from down below filled Senya's ears. The bliss was so pure, he almost missed her next words. "Even the last Master feared me, you know. He never let me please him in my flower. But this one..." She caressed Senya's cheek tenderly. "Let me keep this pet."

"Do I have to force you, Brigitte?"

"Hee. I should like to see you try." Brigitte smirked. "He may not yet be mine, but he is yours. I know how you work, Bobbi—you cannot free him if he does not order it."

There was a long silence, punctuated only by the sexual sounds below. Senya felt another orgasm rising. The pleasure was so constant, he could only smile stupidly at his lover, who laughed—almost fondly. "It will be no contest, I think. Look at him." Senya moaned as she planted a kiss on his lips. "He was made to be mine."

"Senya," whispered a voice in his ear, "it's time to go."

Senya's eye twitched. He tried to look away, but the alraune's eyes were holding him again. His whole mind was still sticky and slow-moving, like boots filled with syrup. "Uh... soon..."

"Do you want to stay here for the rest of the season, Master?" The voice was harsh, now. Clearly annoyed.

But Senya's worries melted into butter as the alraune smiled at him. He loved being hers. Being her lover, her mate, her pet. Didn't he? "That... sounds... nice..." he slurred.

"No, Senya. You've got a job to do."

Despite the constant pleasure, something felt off to Senya. Brigitte was looking more and more cross.

No, he realized dimly. He didn't want to stay here for the rest of the season. He had a job to do—a very, very important job. And there was a strange, unyielding pressure on his mind right now that was making it hard to appreciate all of Brigitte's wonderful gifts.

"Okay," he mumbled.

The pressure relaxed, just a little bit.

"That is cheating, Bobbi," Brigitte whined.

"So is fucking him while he tries to make up his mind, you know." Bobbin didn't sound terribly angry. More... miffed. Her words almost had the tone of flirtatious ribbing, come to think of it. "Come on, Senya."

Senya couldn't contain a sad whimper as he was bodily dragged upwards. His cock popped out of Brigitte's pussy and exited the nectar, still dripping, still rock-hard.

As he was dragged out of the flower, back towards the scarecrows, Brigitte smiled after him. She pursed her lips and blew him a kiss, her eyes half-lidded. "Come back anytime, my pet," she cooed. "There is always room in my lovely flower for my sweet boy."

"Okay, Mistress," he called after her, still feeling dazed. She laughed at this.

"Don't call her that," Bobbin hissed in his ear. "Words have power, young master. And so do titles."

~~~~

An hour or so had gone by, as it turned out. Senya was dreadfully embarassed as the Hob led him along. She didn't seem annoyed, or even amused. She seemed... vaguely disappointed. Not even upset, but clearly, she'd at least mildly hoped for something else.

"She was..."

"Brigitte, the alraune." Bobbin nodded curtly as she picked her way down the hill path. "She's not so bad, really. Very clever, but content in her place. For the most part."

"She wants a pet," Senya said, his voice still a little dreamy.

"Oh, I bet she does." Bobbin flashed him a knowing smile. Senya felt his cheeks heat up. He was still a bit sticky from Brigitte's... attentions, though Bobbin had led him to a small stream to rinse off the majority of the stuff. "We bring her pets sometimes. Willing fey, generally. It's dicey to put humans in with her, thanks to..." She trailed off. "Well, just try not to go in there again. Once is mostly harmless, but it's best to fuck her outside the slurry. Trust me, Master, it's no less delightful. You still end up a lovely mess."

She spoke as though from personal experience.

Senya looked ahead. It seemed that they were heading down to the grape field. It wasn't a particularly vast field, but the vines were remarkably full of great big bunches of purple grapes. As they drew near, he reached out a hesitant hand. "Can I?" he asked, remembering just in time the last time he'd eaten of unknown fruit.

"Sure. The grapes should be plenty tasty; help yourself. No magic on 'em."

Senya reached forward and, hesitating only one more moment, plucked a large clump of grapes from a vine.

He heard a squeaky yelp from within the vine and jumped, dropping the clump.

The clump did not fall. Rather, it continued to hover in place, borne aloft by a tiny little lady in a long dress with two pairs of glimmering gossamer wings who had been hidden beneath it.

"Oh, right." Bobbin smacked her forehead. "Forgot to warn you to check under them first. Sorry."

Senya didn't look at her. He was a bit distracted by the tiny winged woman before him. She scowled up at Senya, compound, insectile purple eyes flashing with irritation. "Watch where you grab things!" she said indignantly. "You almost grabbed me, Mister!" Her voice was curiously vibrant.

"Mind how you address your Master, fairy," Bobbin said curtly.

The fairy's eyes widened. Instantly, her demeanor changed, and she flew up before Senya to drop the grapes in his hand. Senya caught them, purely by reflex, as he was still totally stunned. "Sorry, Master!" she sang. She flitted about from left to right, darting like a mosquito. "I didn't know—oh my gosh—I gotta tell everyone right now!"

"Well, now you've done it, Bobbin said, clearly amused, as the fairy zoomed off. "You'll have a whole cloud of admirers before long."

Senya looked down at the clump of grapes. He hesitated, then tried one.

It was delicious. Sweet and juicy, but somehow... good. He could intuitively tell that there was no magic in this grape. It was just a good, tasty grape. That relief, more than anything else, made him rapidly scarf down the rest.

"Hungry?" The Hob laughed. "I'd have thought you ate enough back there. Brigitte loves her pets... uh, full."

Senya's chewing slowed. A thought occurred to him—a thought he probably should have thought of earlier, come to think of it. He dropped the barren stem. "Bobbin, am I... did she poison me?"

"Oh, yes, but not permanently. I think that's what you mean?" Bobbin smiled. "She's very low-stakes, Master, because an alraune's nectar isn't addictive on first exposure. Once you're outside her flower, the juices are almost harmless."

"First exposure?"

"Well..." Bobbin shrugged her shoulders and cast her eyes upwards. "Those who spend too long inside can encounter side effects. Alraunes are like lust sprites: lots of fun short-term, but if you over-indulge... well, too much of anything isn't good for you, Master."

Senya weighed this new information. "She didn't seem to care that I was Master." Out of the corner of his eye, he saw more fairies emerging, but he ignored them for now. Bobbin seemed to regard them as harmless. "I mean, she just..."

"Hypnotized you. Yes, she's pretty good at that. Most alraunes just grab their mates and get them drunk on smells and tastes, but some of them have a knack for toying with their mates first. Brigitte's been around a lot, and she's had a lot of Masters to practice on." Bobbin paused, biting her lip. "I suppose... yes, you need to know this. Senya, many of the creatures here aren't going to care much that you're Master just yet."

Senya's heart sank, but in truth, he'd been sort of expecting this answer by now. "Many?"

"Some will!" Bobbin had the tone of a tailor trying to downplay a tear in some fabric. "The scarecrows will, mostly. Plus the dumber ones."

"The fleece sprites?"

"Dumber. Those sluts are smart, just lazy. Don't underestimate them." Bobbin laughed. "It's only temporary, though. We're going to help you through this, Jerrod and I." She reached over and, with one motion, plucked a clump of grapes from their vine. "See, the trouble is, you aren't officially Master yet at all."

"I'm not?"

"The rules are clear, and they predate the will." Bobbin crossed her arms. "To be master, you must dedicate a full week to serving this ranch. You must learn to master the beasts of the prison, and you must learn to resist their control. Without our help—seriously, don't count on me bailing you out every time. I was being nice with the fleece sprites."

"But—" Senya gulped, feeling a knot in his stomach. "But I can't—"

She held up a hand. "And before you start worrying, yes, there's a plan for that. What, you think Jerrod's got a will of iron?" The Hob snorted. "He's been equipped, is all. You will be, too, soon, but... well, we'll talk about that tomorrow. No time for it today, at this rate."

Senya clasped his hands and tried to restore his calm. He wasn't yet sure if this was good news of bad news, but there was no sense in panicking just yet. As he often liked to say, 'A jittery hand jenkins the wood.'

Nobody but Senya ever seemed to know what that meant. He really didn't have enough carpenter friends.
