 To my dear sister,

I was barely able to write last night's letter, thanks to the attentions of the puppy lust sprites. They don't get tired. It's getting harder and harder to find time to write these, much less find time to get someone to send them. Still, I hope that soon they will not be needed. I think I am beginning to see how things on this Ranch work...

Senya stared across the room at the five young women. They could only be described as... puppy girls, with fluffy little tails, deep brown eyes, and floppy, furry ears. These were no beastfey, however—they were lust sprites, demon-infused hiveminded fey instilled with one solitary, overwhelming emotion.

And he was locked in with them.

One of them hopped off the bed and crawled towards him. She was a blonde, with long curly hair and a furry tail of the same color. The tail wagged as she stared across at his cock. "Master, are you horny?"

Senya swallowed. Her breasts hung down like large, succulent fruits. Her tongue lolled out slightly, long and slick. Her ears perked up slightly as she noticed him staring, and she let out a hopeful whine. He'd never seen lust sprites like these before.

"Puppy is horny," whimpered another, crawling up. She leaned her head against Senya's leg and nuzzled him. "Puppy is so, so horny."

"Could Master fuck his puppies?" cooed a redhead, presenting her ass to him from her place on the bed. Another puppy sprite, looking curious, gave her a few tentative licks, and she squealed from surprise.

"I, um..." Senya gulped. "I need to write a letter." He turned and shuffled over to the desk. As he sat down, he again registered that he was naked. When would this prisoner fruit wear off so he'd stop forgetting that simple detail?

He heard sad whines and moans behind him. Struggling to ignore them, he pulled up a piece of paper and dipped the inkpen. He started to write.

"Please? Please please please?" He felt a tongue lick over his foot, tickling his sole, and he gave a jerk. One of the lust sprites had crawled under the desk. She beamed up at him, big brown eyes wide with need, and licked again. "Your puppies haven't been fucked in so long. We need it, Master."

Senya realized he'd written your as you're. He grimaced and corrected it, struggling to ignore the repeated licking of his feet. He couldn't let on that it was having an effect, or they'd all start doing it. Clearly, these lust sprites had some sort of loophole—normally, such creatures needed permission even to just put up the lust field, much less actually touch him.

Then he felt a second tongue running over his leg. He stiffened and struggled to keep his legs straight, despite the hardening of his cock. He was writing as fast as he could, now; errors be damned. He could only pray they didn't notice his erection.

"Please, Master?" gasped a third lust sprite, and he felt her tongue lapping at his unused hand. He forced himself not to jerk the arm out of reach. He could not let them know how horny it was making him. "Please fuck your puppies? Haven't we been good, good puppies?"

"Am I being a good puppy, Master?" Senya knew it was the first one, the redhead, who'd started licking his feet. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her bat her eyelashes at him.

Senya bit his lip. He'd just written the word 'and' four times.

"We're being very good puppies!" moaned the blonde from earlier, and Senya felt her tongue running over the back of his leg. They were licking his whole available body. "We see how much Master likes it!"

Wh—oh. Damn it.

He was naked. His cock was as rigid and erect as a ship's mast, plain for all to see. How could he keep forgetting?

And now the fifth lust sprite had crammed her way in there and sat right between his legs, beaming up at him. She licked her lips. And then, to his horror, she raised her forepaws—her hands up at him and started to beg.

"Please, Master?" she whimpered. "Please let us be good puppies! We've been so good! Your puppies need a breeding, Master!" She leaned close and gave his balls a tender little lick. "Mm! And you taste so good, Master!"

"H-how can you..."

The puppy girls blinked up at him, big, wide-eyed... puppy-dog stares.

As he struggled to finish the letter—he realized he'd just written the word 'sincererererely', and didn't even bring himself to correct it—he found himself lost in their eyes. They looked so sweet. So needy. So needy for him.

Were they hypnotizing him? Was he so weak-willed, even a bunch of lust sprites could mind control him?

Or was he just that horny?

They were still licking him. Their tongues ran over his legs, his feet, his hand and lower arm, bathing him in their spit, their love. He was trembling.

"Master?" cooed the puppy between his legs. She leaned in and gave the head of his cock the most tentative of licks. "Master likes?"

Fuck it. She'd learned that from the catgirl.

"Yes!" he burst out, and he grabbed her by the head and shoved her down on his cock. She squealed with delight——a squeal echoed by all the lust sprites around her as her own voice became muffled.

They acted swiftly after that, grabbing him and almost wrenching him from the chair and bearing him to the bed, plastering him with kisses all the while. He could feel the lust waves now, bearing into him, filling his whole mind, but they almost weren't needed. He was just so fucking horny. Would he always be like this?

They cooed and giggled and whined as he fell back on the bed, the redhead's lips still rising up and down on his cock. He barely noticed the new location—the redhead was licking and sucking him like he was the tastiest thing she'd ever eaten.

All their tails were wagging. They were so happy. They'd grabbed his arms and now held them spread wide—pinning him to the bed, not that he cared. He was totally helpless as they covered him with licks, bathing him in their tongues. Two of them paid special attention to his face, lapping all over his cheeks and lips, growling their ownership. He was their Master. And for tonight, theirs alone.

"Are we your good puppies?" was the constant mantra. "Am I a good girl?"

"Yes!" he cried, feeling the redhead's warm, wet mouth run over his cock lovingly, bathed in lusty sensation. "Good puppy! Good girl!"

"Mmmm!" the puppy girl shrieked as she hit her peak. Her pleasure totally filled his mind, drowning him, drenching him in wet sucking and slurping sounds. The others followed suit, and through their lust waves, Senya came in her mouth with a hoarse cry.

She drank it all down, and kept sucking until another pulled her away. Then another puppy girl, this one a straight-haired platinum blonde, rose up and positioned herself atop him. She smiled down at him, eyes dull with vapid glee. "Am I your puppy?" she burbled.

"You're my good, good puppy," he whispered, running his hand through her hair. She whimpered at the sensation. "Now be a good girl and... and make Master cum."

She giggled and sank down on his shaft. He shook as her moist walls swallowed him up. She started to bounce very quickly in his lap, and soon all the lust sprites were screaming and writhing around him, kissing his every available inch of skin, eyes wild with a hivemind's ecstasy. "I'm yours!" they cried as one. "I'm your good puppy! Good, good p-puppy! Make Master happy! Make Master cuuum!"

"Good puppy!" he managed, shivering as they all seemed to come at once, squealing and whining with glee. The sprite bouncing on his cock seemed to tremble, and he felt her silken walls stroke over him, almost like a pair of lips. "Good girl! G-good—oh, gods—"

"Make Master come," moaned one, licking his neck.

"Come for us, Master," panted another, lapping beneath his arm. He giggled a little, involuntarily—he was very ticklish there—but she just kept licking, oblivious, desperate to bring him pleasure.

The sprite on his shaft looked down at him, and rolled her hips, panting for breath. Then she seemed to calm. She smiled at him. "Am I a good puppy?' she cooed sweetly. "Am I a good girl?"

Somehow, that was his limit. He came. He came screaming, shaking all over. He came mindlessly, instinct consuming him utterly, brain soaked and drunk with lust. They held him down to keep him from thrashing. And then the puppy sprite was off his cock, and five of them had gathered around to lick his throbbing cock clean, to slurp up the cum as it came. The tongue bath was overwhelming in its own way. It drew out the orgasm, drew out every ounce of pure pleasure.

His eyes widened. He could barely speak, could barely even move under his own power. He was too aroused to think.

"Do you like this?" cooed a lust sprite in his ear, giving it an affectionate lick.

"Yes!" he moaned, unable to help himself. "G-good girl! Good puppy! Good girl! M-my good little sluts—good girls, good puppysluts—good—good—"

He came again, jerking in their grip, but they only kept licking. His words seemed to have set a fire in them. Their eyes had gone heavy with lust, and arousal, and pure, simple joy. He could feel another orgasm already building.

He realized then what he'd done. They were not going to stop, not when they knew now how to maximize his bliss. And thanks to their auras—thanks to the prisoner fruit—he was only going to cum, and cum, and cum. Their tongues bathed him in their slick spit, bathed him in love, in wet, messy, sensuous strokes. Baked his brain in a lusty heat.

"Master likes this," whimpered a lust sprite in his other ear, licking his ear. "We do what Master likes best.

"G-good girl," he whimpered back. What else could he say?

Eventually, he couldn't even say that. All he could do was moan and wriggle and babble, helpless beneath their tongues. His only reprieves were the rare moments that his current tongue-bathers—because they alternated—paused their attentions to kiss and lick each other, devouring the cum from their faces. And seeing this only heightened his mindless lust.

Eventually, he drifted off into lusty sleep. And his dreams were full of Brigitte, and Nun, and the fleece sprites, and Sluk, and Tricin. But most of all, they were full of good, good girls with long tongues, wagging tails, and an overwhelming need to please.

And the lust sprites enjoyed their feast.

~~~~

"Good morning, Master!"

The voice was bright and cheery, but in a way Senya wasn't sure he fully liked—a way that suggested the speaker was struggling not to laugh.

Senya's eyes opened, feeling a pleasant droplet of pleasure burst through his cock. He looked up and blinked.

Oh. Right.

A nubile young blonde with floppy dog ears and big brown eyes was straddling his waist. She moaned and giggled as she rose up and down on his cock, slowly milking out the orgasm. The other lust sprites were all off the bed.

A hand was gripping his shoulder, he realized. From it spread strange feelings of calm and clarity. He watched the sprite, and felt the pleasure—and oh, there was pleasure—but his mind seemed almost totally free from the fog that had begun to fill it after too long in the sprites' company.

"Looks like someone was a good boy last night," Bobbin said, smirking.

Senya frowned up at her. "Y—oh—you had the others stop, but not her?"

"Well, she seems to be having fun," the Hob said slyly, running her hand down his arm. "And so do you."

"Yeah, well..." Senya broke off, gasping, as she rose up and down and he felt the orgasm start to approach. "I should—I need—"

"Master, if you can't get a single lust sprite off you when your mind is all but clear," Bobbin said with a chuckle, "you are going to lose your mind here. Literally. Especially since you're probably going to be having sex with these girls every night."

And Senya realized she was right. He wouldn't be able to help himself, even if he did get ahold of that amulet. He looked up at the puppy sprite, watched her breasts bounce, her lush pink lips half-open in an 'o' shape as she cooed out a little orgasm of her own. He would be so horny from the day's tribulations. Lamias, fleece sprites, alraune, slime girls, and all of them available to him, taunting him, teasing him. Even Bobbi, in her own way, teased him. If he came home every night to these gorgeous creatures in his bed, he would have no chance at resisting temptation. Not when they were so... eager.

One more orgasm, though. One more. He smiled, feeling the pleasure rush through him. Oh. Oh, yes. The pleasure mounted, and built, and burst. He barely managed to keep it to a low moan. His eyes screwed shut. He savored it. Savored the sounds of the sprite's cries. And he could feel another starting to rise within him. It was like the tides. In and out. In and out. In...

"Then again..." he heard Bobbin hiss in his ear, "if Master is really so keen on submitting to the charms of a single sprite's tight little cunt, I'm sure we could find new uses for him."

His eyes opened. He knew Bobbin was teasing—at least, he was pretty sure—but sheer embarrassment had shaken him from his stupor. What was he doing? He was stronger than this, surely.

"G'off," he whispered.

The lust sprite pouted, but obliged, crawling off of him. She gave his cock one last lick, then his cheek one last lick—then a second, longer lick, to lick off the cum that she'd just gotten on it—and hopped to the floor.

"I'm very proud of you, Master," Bobbin said. "I mean, I was absorbing five different lust auras, and you didn't have even one thanks to me, and you didn't exactly see me getting used as a sleeping dildo, but—"

"I get it," Senya said, sighing. "What's for breakfast, anyway?"

From seemingly out of nowhere, Bobbin procured a bowl of something pinkish. Senya looked at it skeptically. It looked something like applesauce with cream, and it had a fruity, spicy scent. She smiled invitingly at him.

"What is it?' he asked.

"Prisoner fruit sauce and... cream," she said, giggling. Senya didn't like it when she giggled. It was usually a sign something was turning her on.

He grimaced. "More prisoner fruit? You're really fattening me up, aren't you?"

"Trust me," the hob said, giving him a little lick on the cheek—he wasn't sure if this was mocking or not, but it made his cock throb all the same— "you'll need it."

~~~~

Senya and Bobbin made their way towards the barn. Jerrod was off checking with the fleece sprites, apparently, and Senya hadn't seen him at all yet today.

As they approached the doors to the big red barn, Bobbin stopped him. "Before you go in," she said, "there's some last few tips I can give you. But this is something you need to handle on your own. It's very important that you master this one, understand? The fate of Ambrosia Rach depends on how we manage this particular... livestock."

Senya looked down at his naked body, and his long, fully erect member. "Yeah, I'm not a fan of my odds."

She gave a little smile. "Well, no pressure."

She reached into her pocket and pulled out what looked like a whistle. Senya, feeling a little bit more wary of accepting strange objects from fey these days—particularly fey who were so frequently less than helpful, to be frank—took a moment to examine the whistle before reaching out for it. It was made of a pale wood, and carved with numerous designs of flowers and whirlpools. Pine, he guessed, reflexively applying his expertise to the thing. It was pretty good craftsmanship, too, except for a single drop of amber that was installed in the tone hole. That was odd. It made the whistle useless.

"What is this?" he asked.

"A whistle."

"Oh, I thought it was a tuba. Thanks for clearing that one up."

Bobbin rolled her eyes. The Straw Boss dropped the whistle to dangle by a thin loop of twine. "This whistle is keyed to the Ambrosia Ranch. You can use it to signal... some of the less troublesome fey."

Senya crossed his arms. "That could be useful. Will it work on the fairies?"

"Uh..." Bobbin gave an awkward shrug. "Maybe? That's complicated."

"And not Brigitte, obviously. Or the lamia."

"Haha! No. Do you just want me to list who it will affect?"

"No, actually." Senya waved a hand. "I want to go over it myself. Fleece sprites?"

Bobbin bit her lip, scratching her sideburns. "Well, it might wake 'em up. A little."

Senya thought hard. "The slime girls?"

"Oh, yes, definitely!" Bobbin said, nodding eagerly.

"Great!" He grinned. "I was getting worried that—"

"Well..." Bobbin cut him off. She pursed her lips. "Not actually, not as such. No. That's a...a simplification, I guess."

Senya started to tap his fingers against his arm. "Okay, will it affect anything aside from the lust sprites?"

"Oh, certain—" Bobbin looked up at the sky. "Aw, geez. Look at the time! Sorry, Master, we just don't have time for these sorts of hilarious banterings. No, it will only work on the lust sprites. I've been deliberately wasting your time as a joke."

Senya kept his face totally blank as he accepted the whistle. "Okay. Okay. What else?"

"I have a few... trigger words." She shifted slightly. "I can't speak 'em aloud, though, 'cause they, uh... 'cause." She drew out a piece of paper.

Senya considered her. She looked uneasy. Bobbin was often cagey, but always for good reason. His mind clicked to the only logical conclusion. "Do they work on you?"

"You are getting good at guessing, Master." Bobbin chewed her upper lip as she handed him the paper. "It makes me hopeful. These trigger words will make the target react in certain ways." She pointed out each phrase in turn. "That one will make them orgasm. It works on all the fey except Valina, the Thriae and the lamia, along with... some others. This phrase will just make them really, really horny. I only recommend using that as a last resort. You bet it can backfire. And these ones will make them forget the last two minutes, twenty minutes, or two hours, respectively. Risky. Very risky. Never use them if you can help it."

Senya frowned. There was one more item on the list she hadn't read off. This one wasn't an audible trigger—it was a physical sensation. A very lewd action, really. "So, wait. Who controls these triggers? Don't triggers need a mindweaver to keep them running?"

"That last item on the list is special," she said. "It will cause lactation."

"You didn't—what?"

"Please don't use it on anyone outside this barn. Valina in particular gets really rambunctious when she's... producing. Honestly, this is one of the weirdest triggers on the list to give every single captive on the Ranch. But..." She shrugged. "Your great-great uncle liked it. A lot."

"Does that mean you have it?" He looked her over, eying her tightly-buttoned shirt. "So if I was to..."

She giggled. "Simmer down, carpenter. One getting-in-over-your-head at a time. Speaking of which." She pointed into the barn. "Pocket that paper. Commit it all to memory as soon as possible, then destroy it."

Out of habit, Senya was already starting to obey, but the last one gave him pause. "Wait. Really?"

"Anyone can use most of these, Master. You, me, livestock, ene... anyone. They're fluid triggers. Why do you think I'm allowed to use 'Good Girl'? Why do you think Jerrod or I can throw Valina a toy and expect her to chase it?" Bobbin looked very serious again. "If the woman in this barn got ahold of it... well, it would be problematic. Let's leave it at that."

"You're not making me feel much more confident."

"No? Good. You shouldn't be." Bobbin clasped her hands behind her back. "I'm sorry, but if I help you with this, it'll be worse for both of us, long-term. You need to manage to do this. If you fail... well, there's always second chances."
