 Disclaimer: This is a setup chapter. There is mind control and sex, yes, but it's mostly just teasing, and it ends on a cliffhanger. Sorry to disappoint, but I figured you'd like a heads-up! —GigglingGoblin

~~~~ ~~~~

Monstrous Ranch, Part Two

... To be honest, my dear sister, I'm having trouble remembering the events of yesterday after the holstaur. It was all a blur. The milk had some lingering effects, I suppose. I next awoke in my bed, in the arms of my puppies. The puppy lust sprites, I mean. And once I was in bed with them... well, sorry to get explicit, sister, but it was very difficult to get out of bed after that.

Sometimes I feel almost trained by them. I'm writing this letter now in early morning before breakfst, and it's almost Pavlovian how they can get me to los trrrakc of t____

Senya moaned as his puppies held him down, pinned to the soft bed, and licked another orgasm from his throbbing cock. The cum spurted out, and they lapped it all up, like... like puppies eating up a spilled treat. The pleasure was exquisite, but somehow, their coos and whimpers of delight were even better. It felt strangely wonderful, pleasing his puppies. He wanted to do it every morning. And every night. And every minute of every day.

"P-puppies," he gasped, in between licking out the blonde puppy girl's cunt, "Master needs to—mm—needs to go do work now!" Mmm...

But all they had to do was pout and whine at him, with those adorable sad expressions and big, wide eyes, and he just... he couldn't bring himself to push them away. He just kept licking, delighting in his puppy's moans of pleasure.

He watched from the corner of his eye as they descended back on his cock, knowing grins on their faces. They were giggling once more, no doubt at his total helplessness to fight them off. But why would he want to fight? His puppies only wanted to make him happy.

He whimpered and whispered his praise as they started licking once more. They loved it when he praised them. It made them lick him even more eagerly, which made him praise them more, which made them lick him...

~~~~

Senya had gotten up at 5:30, aiming to quickly write the letter and get out the door. It was 7:35 when Bobbin knocked at the door, shooed away his lovers, and convinced him to get out of bed.

"I suppose you're annoyed at me for letting them push me around," Senya mumbled as they descended the stairs.

Bobbin smiled. "Not at all, Master."

He frowned. "But you were yesterday morning."

She shrugged and hopped up, sliding a ways down the banister on her pert ass. "That was yesterday morning. Besides, you had a long day yesterday. I have no problem with them reinforcing, um... healthier dynamics."

"Healthier than Mo—the holstaur, you mean."

"Mm." She winced a little as he almost said the pet name.

Once again, breakfast was exquisite—thick, crispy waffles with jam, and sausages on the side. Oh, and a fruit salad, naturally.

"No maple syrup this morning?" Senya asked, popping a slice of tasty pink fruit into his mouth. "I like having a sweetener for my waffles."

"None today," Bobbin said curtly, applying a liberal coating of butter to her toast. "Out of syrup."

"Honey, maybe?"

Bobbin looked up at him, her expression unreadable, then popped a strip of bacon in her mouth. "I think it would be best if you curb that sweet tooth a bit." She swallowed. "Just finish your breakfast. I need to go check on Jerrod, and you need to head to the vineyard."

Senya froze mid-chew. "The vineyard? You mean... Tricin?"

"Hm." Bobbin leaned over and forked one of Senya's little waffles over to her plate before he could react. "Personally, I'd try to avoid the lamia herself. Just talk to the fairies. All I need is the day's harvest."

"By myself?" Senya hadn't meant for his voice to come out quite so small.

"You and a few hundred fairies." Bobbin smirked. "Don't worry. Tricin likes to play the big tough domme, but deep down, she's a good girl. Plus, right now, she's still recovering from her punishment. They're probably teasing her mercilessly in some hole right now." She giggled at the entendre.

Seya chewed on a bit of sausage cartilige. "Why?:"

"Revenge." Bobbin shrugged. "And... just horny glee. She has them all really well-hypnotized, but fairies have a tendency for what's called smooth minds. Brainwashing is easy-come, easy-go. Right now, they're mostly free, but they can't resist the urge to take petty revenge. It's part of their Primal Code."

"Primal—" Senya stopped himself midway, partially remembering. It was a fey thing. Sort of like instinct, but more binding, as he understood it. Not too unlike his ex-partner's almost superstitious need to rearrange furniture whenever he got stressed. A compulsion.

Bobbin hadn't noticed his interruption. "So they'll bind her, and tease her and tickle her until she ties herself up in knots trying to handle it. And then she'll regain the upper coil, and they'll regret it." Her fingers climbed beneath the table, and Senya saw her breaths grow slightly heavier. "Or they won't. It's... well, it's pretty much something to see."

She rocked back and forth for a moment or two, clearly teasing herself, then took her hand away, now a bit slick with juices. Senya was impressed at her restraint. He almost wondered why Bobbin would edge herself on purpose, but quickly decided what his employee did in her free time to ease tensions was none of his business.

He chose his next words carefully. "Bobbin... back with Tricin, the fairies were still able to brainwash me and hypnotize me, with Tricin's help. Are they going to hypnotize me again?"

"They shouldn't." But Bobbin's voice didn't ring of the sort of confidence Senya longed to hear. "It's very important that you be careful. Don't eat or drink anything strange, don't stare at them too long, and whatever you do, do not fall for the 'panties on the doorknob' trick."

Senya blinked. "Wait, wh—"

"Trust me," she muttered, "you only have to fall for it once to never want to fall for it again."

~~~~

"Is that all you need?" the most forward of the fairies buzzed. The little creature's windswept red hair wafted around her as she hovered before Senya's eyes, a big happy smile on her face, her own vaguely insectile eyes gleaming with absolute delight.

"Yes, ma'am!" Senya chirped, hefting the second large basket of dark purple grapes. "I'll take this right back to the, uh, the house!"

The several hundred fairies swirled around him, giggles echoing throughout the swarm. "Are you sure?" they vibrated. "Don't you need any more... help?" Their colors shifted and writhed like gorgeous prismatic waves.

Senya swayed a moment, lost in the swirling patterns. He hesitated, watching the countless pigments glitter in the morning sunlight. "I... y-yes. I am very sorry, but with all due respect, I do not require any more aid."

Bobbin had coached him on how to be polite to forest fey like fairies. So far, it was a bit frustrating. Formality did not come naturally to Senya. He and his sister were more accustomed to breaking market stalls and offering to fix them in exchange for lunch than, well, asking for lunch politely. Anya was a wealthy mage now, of course, and Senya... apparently owned a ranch, but it was nonetheless difficult.

But the fairies didn't seem offended. The blonde flitted up and planted a ticklish little kiss on his nose, making his head spin like he'd been hit by a wave. "You're so sweet!" she cooed. "It's okay. We'll see you tomorrow, honey?"

"S-sure." But as Senya turned away, he paused. Something in her phrasing made him feel... uneasy. What was it?

Sweetie.

Sweet boy.

Honey.

After a moment, he shook himself. He was just being foolish. He looped the handles of the two massive baskets onto the yoke and headed out, his back hunched beneath the heavy load. Eager to minimize the time he spend carrying the grapes, he decided to start down a faster route this time, rather than the curiously roundabout path Bobbin had sent him down.

But as he caught a glimpse of the tall hill in the distance, the strange sense of deja vu returned. He'd seen that hill plenty of times since his arrival, but now something felt... off. Had he just never appreciated the beautiful view? The clover trees really were a striking shade of purple.

Wait, how did he knew they were clover trees? Senya rubbed his forehead, face growing warm. These fey were messing with his mind.

It was probably a fairy trick. He decided not to risk lingering in Tricin's territory—even if she wasn't a threat now, he had the weird feeling that she would be offended if she learned he'd dealt with her fairies without first yielding once more to her wondrous hypnotic embrace.

And he didn't want to offend Tricin. Like most of the fey on this Ranch, he had a feeling she would only take such behavior as a challenge. Or, worse, she would decide to 'punish' him for it.

Or maybe that's what I want, said that dark voice in his mind again. Gods, imagine her 'punishing' me... trapped in her coils, unable to resist, unable to...

Senya quickly became quite lost in these thoughts, oblivious to his surroundings. He knew he needed to shut them out, somehow, but something about them was just intoxicating.

As he wandered down the path, he suddenly noticed a loud purring from behind him. He jumped, turning to behold a gorgeous dark-haired woman. She had a nubile form, bright catlike eyes, a long fuzzy tail, and a pair of tufted cat ears atop her head. She wore a very short green skirt and a pale blouse that didn't even cover half her torso.

It took Senya a strangely long time to remember Valina, the catgirl who had seduced him his first day here.

She clasped her hands behind her back, giggling at his reaction. "Ooh, sorry! Kitten didn't mean to frighten Master."

Senya tried to regain his cool. He remembered the last time they'd met, and spotted that collar, with its little bell on it. For some reason, seeing that bell gave him comfort.

"Master is feeling better, I trust?" she asked, licking her lips—and reminding him of her long, rough tongue. "Master does not need me now?"

"Um... no." Senya cleared his throat, feeling his face heating up. Valina was staring right at his cock, which he noted with a start had gone rock-hard and was pointed right at her. "Not today."

"Aw." She gave a meek nod. "Kitten understands. Kitten was very naughty last time."

"You, uh..." Senya bit his lip. "You're feeling better now, then? I mean... well, different."

"Mm. Different." She gave a big smile, eyes half-closing. "Kitten feels... fixed! Kitten was getting so silly. She gets so silly when she isn't disciplined enough. But Kitten has learned her lesson." She leaned in, beaming at him. "Kitten will be a good girl now for Master. But... if Master wants to make Kitten a better Kitten?" She batted her eyelashes demurely.

"Um... great."

Senya felt vaguely disturbed. He'd never heard of a catgirl acting like this. Catgirls were... well, cats. Weird and contrary. Goofy and erratic. Sometimes a bit sadistic, though the nicer catgirls would always ask permission before dialing your nerve centers up to eleven and tickletorturing you for hours on end. This docile, pliant act... if it was an act...

Idly, Senya wondered what Valina had done to deserve being placed on the Ranch. Everyone had to have done something, right? What had this creature done to deserve having her mind torn away from her? 'Breeding', she called it. Like she was an animal.

"Valina?" he managed, realizing he was getting a little lost in her gorgeous eyes.

"Mm?" she giggled. "Ooh, it's Kitten's old name. Kitten almost forgets sometimes! Ditzy-witzy!"

"Do you... do you prefer to be called Valina, or Kitten?"

And then the brainwashed catgirl did something very strange.

She... blinked.

For a second, or even just a split-second, Senya had the strange sense that he wasn't looking at Kitten. He was looking at someone else, someone older, someone who... who did not understand. Not because she was 'ditzy-witzy', but because she was looking at something alien to her.

The bell at her collar gave a little ding.

The happy smile returned. "Kitten!" she squeaked. "Kitten is a good kitten! Valina was a bad girl." She started to drop to her knees, purring loudly. "Kitten will be a good girl. Master needs Kitten..."

"Um—" But Senya was too slow to react before she grabbed his hips and took his cock between her lips.

There was no teasing, this time, no manipulation. She just poured everything she had into his cock, poured all that submissive obedience in, and sucked. Senya swayed in place as he felt her devouring him, listened to her lips at work. Her soft slips slid up and down his shaft as she took him in deep, then pulled out, then took him in again. Her head bobbed rapidly in his lap. Her rough tongue delicately lapped over his head, bathing him in her saliva, her warm lust. And she held his gaze all the while. Her eyes were wide with desire.

Senya held on for maybe half a minute before he came. Pleasure blasted through him, and she squealed into his cock, swallowing his whole load with a strange hunger. But she didn't stop sucking.

And then he held on for maybe two more minutes before he came again. Kitten just kept sucking and licking, moaning happily as she guzzled it all down. Her eyes were placid, blissful. Senya was helpless against those eyes. She wanted to suck him, wanted it more than anything, it seemed. How could he resist her? All he could do was stand there, knees quaking, and accept the pleasure she longed to bathe him in.

Finally, after his third orgasm, he managed to remember enough of himself to pull out. It helped that his shoulders, still laden with the yoke, were killing him. His cock was slick with her spit. Kitten gave a disappointed whimper, and right then and there, he almost gave in all over again. He wanted to take it further, to push her down, to fuck Kitten in her needy slut pussy, to breed her, to let her lust consume him, to give himself to her—

But that was a bad idea. On... so many levels. So Senya took a deep breath and, almost reflexively, petted her head. "Kitten," he whispered, "I... I need to stop this."

She looked up at him, giving a broad smile. She got to her feet. "Yes!" Before he could react, she grabbed the yoke from his shoulders, hefted it over her own, and took off down the path. "Kitten should help Master! What does Master need?"

"I'm—I want to talk to Bobbin—"

"Master talks to Bobbi!" she sang, prancing toward the house. It was all Senya could do to keep up. Her biceps were plainly visible. Kitten was very strong, it seemed. "Kitten is a good girl! Kitten takes Master to Bobbi!"

The farmhouse came into view up ahead. Kitten ran up to the porch, and Senya raced after.

"Kitten, I—"

As they arrived at the door, Kitten abruptly stopped and grabbed his arm. She gave a yank and a twist.

In one swift, powerful move, Senya found that their positions had been flipped: Kitten had shoved him against the door and now pinned him against it! Her eyes blazed with lust, but there was something else kindling in there.

"Valina," she whispered, "doesn't like to talk in the open, where scarecrows are. Valina is a bad girl. Scarecrows are very mean to Valina if they hear her talk."

"Wh... what?" Senya stared at her, heart pounding at the proximity. "What are you—"

Valina—Kitten—the catgirl silenced him with her lips on his, a kiss so powerful it made his knees buckle. He swooned into her embrace, and Valina caught him, moaning happily. For a moment, she squirmed, and he thought she was about to have him penetrate her right then and there. They were both young, aroused, and naked, and clutching each other. He wouldn't resist. How could he resist this creature anything?

Instead, she opened the door and pulled him inside.

To Senya's surprise, the farmhouse was empty. They entered the dining room, and the table held only a small plate of crackers and cheese.

Valina released his hand, then kicked the door shut behind them and set the baskets down. "You should eat something," she chirped, hips swaying back and forth as she approached the table and sat back against it. She winked at him. "Important to eat normal food during ranch business. Keeps Master strong."

"I..." Senya was still out of breath from Valina's teasing attentions outside. "I, um..."

He found he almost wanted to just start stroking himself. The urge was surprisingly strong. It boiled in him, making his hand twitch excitedly. It was a strange thought, but it almost made sense. She won't care. She'd probably love the show. Might make me a bit more sensible. Give me some... control.

He shook off the strange compulsion.

Valina seemed to misinterpret his hesitance. "No worries, Master!" She giggled, grabbing one of the cheeses and popping the whole tiny wheel into her mouth. "Mm!" She rubbed her tummy as she chewed rapidly and swallowed. "Yummy!"

Yummy.

Yummy-nummy.

Yummy-nummy honey.

Senya rubbed his eyes, feeling distinctly off-balance. Where were those thoughts coming from? "I, um," he croaked.

"Oh, Master." Valina covered her mouth, hiding a widening grin. "Kitten not fooling Master. Kitten feels drugs just like Master does! Maybe not as strong, but..." She snacked on a cracker. Her way of eating was surprisingly cute—extremely dainty, and almost flirtatious, though there was nothing sexual in the way her slightly sharp teeth nibbled away at the cracker. "It is very safe for Master. No tricks!"

Desperate to get the strangeness out of his head, Senya approached and picked up a cracker. After a moment, he took a slice of what looked suspiciously like brie. Senya hadn't really cared for brie, the few times his sister, Anya, had made him try it. It seemed smart to only eat things he hated, if he was worried about poison.

Though in truth, he hadn't been worried until Valina had explicitly brought it up.

He tried the cracker. It was alright. A bit stale, maybe, and the cheese was brie. In Senya's experience, brie was cheese that had died and never been given a proper burial. But it wasn't terrible.

That mediocrity was actually a pretty good endorsement, he thought, finishing the rest of the cracker. Fey food always tasted amazing, there was always tons of it, and they were always suspiciously eager to share it with strangers. As the saying went: There's no such thing as good food for free. But this was clearly just... well, normal food.

Something about the normal food, and the awareness that it was normal, made Senya suddenly very hungry. He started stacking slices of cheese and crackers to make 'sandwiches' as he spoke. "So, um... can Valina talk now? I feel like there's some sort of..." He coughed. "Look, you could've seduced me pretty easy back there."

"Oh, I know." He looked up nervously from his crackers and saw her beaming at him. She wasn't eating anymore, which made him a little nervous.

"R-right." He cleared his throat again. "But you didn't. Why?"

"Kitten was curious." The catgirl's tail suddenly flicked into view, brushing over his hand and pointing out one particularly greenish hunk of cheese. "Try this, Master. It's from the dopterines!"

"What's it called?" Senya asked, scooping up a bit and popping it into his mouth. He blinked. The taste was very strong and salty, but surprisingly delicious. He had no idea what sorts of cheeses mothgirls made—they were said to be a perverted and lusty species, with all sorts of strange customs.
