 Goblin's Note: This chapter is a direct continuation from the previous chapter in this series—I recommend re-familiarizing yourself with Chapter Ten before you proceed! Or don't. It's a free internet; I'm not your boss. :)

~~~~ ~~~~

Lady Vinifera—or Miss Scarlet, as she preferred to be called—was a most gracious host. She had Kitten, who seemed suddenly quite eager to serve as his catgirl maid, pour them both tall glasses of a rich, almost purplish red wine. Senya's plate bore nothing save a small ceramic bowl full of something like curried eggs. It was delicious, and incredibly spicy. Miss Scarlet ate daintily, a small smile never leaving her ruby lips.

"You are enjoying your meal?" she asked, after a minute or so of eating in silence.

"Y... yeah." Senya lowered his fork and stared at her, wondering if he was being rude. He never understood the terms of formal dinners, and this felt very much like a formal dinner. A small voice at the back of his head told him that it was very strange to have a formal dinner in a wine cellar on a ranch inhabited by lusty fey, but that voice had been very disrespectful of Miss Scarlet the entire time he'd known her, and he was certain it was not a voice to be trusted.

"I only ask because you have gotten a bit..." Miss Scarlet's lips quirked. "... messy."

At that, Senya went bright red, and his face went hot—not just because of the spiciness of the food. He suddenly realized his lips were positively dripping with the dark orange sauce. "O-oh," he managed, looking around for a paper napkin. Was he allowed to use the nice handkerchief Kitten had given him? Was that just for show? "I, um... excuse me!"

Miss Scarlet giggled. "Kitten, why don't you help our guest?"

"Yes, Miss Scarlet," Kitten said happily. And the black-haired catgirl stooped to Senya's level. She was dressed in an incredibly revealing black-and-white maid outfit, complete with corset with highly visible cleavage, short skirt, black tights, lace, and, he saw as she bowed over, a big red ribbon bow on her rear. She retrieved the handkerchief from his lap and gently dabbed at his face, cleaning it.

Senya squirmed. It was uncomfortable having someone else see to him as a child, especially when that someone was so incredibly attractive and giving him a very good view of her smooth, pale breasts.

"Don't squirm, darling," Miss Scarlet said primly. "Are you bothered by Kitten's figure? Would you perhaps like me to take her place cleaning you?"

"N-no!" Senya replied, half out of mortification, half out of fear. Mortification that he was being so rude—and he quickly went still, allowing Kitten to clean him like, well, a doll—and fear because he was naked, and unbearably attracted to Miss Scarlet, and the little annoying rude voice told him that he might not want her to get so close to him, especially given how close Kitten's mouth needed to get to his so she could see where to... where to clean...

"That's enough, Kitten," Miss Scarlet said, sounding pleased. Senya realized with a start that Kitten was licking his face, her rough tongue lapping over his cheeks, his lips, the tip of his nose...

Kitten pulled back, giggling. Senya stared at her, eyes wide.

"My dear." With a start, he turned back to Miss Scarlet. He'd been ignoring his host! He was being so rude. She had a bite of the curried egg dish on her fork, and she twirled it as she talked. The light of the enchanted lamp caught the metal fork just slightly as she spun it. Almost hypnotically. Senya did his best to keep staring into her eyes, hopingto avoid being hypnotized. They were such pretty, purple eyes. "I must say, Kitten and I have longed to have you since the moment you arrive."

"Uh—huh?" Senya nearly dropped his fork. He silently cursed himself. Don't be clumsy, he chided. They'll think you're a dolt!

"Oh, yes. Over for dinner, I mean." Miss Scarlet beamed at him, eyes twinkling mischievously. "I trust you're enjoying our company?"

"Y-yes!" Senya nodded eagerly. "You... you're very kind, Miss Scarlet."

She laughed. It was a lovely musical giggle, reminiscent of water hitting water. "You are very generous. But I'd heard as much." She frowned. "You aren't enjoying your food, though?"

"Wh—oh!" Senya quickly started eating again. He was completely off-balance, and desperate to please Miss Scarlet. She was such a... such a beautiful woman. He carefully kept his eyes on her as she watched him. She was so dignified. Senya had grown up struggling to nail beams together to get food and medication for himself and Anya, and he'd never, ever been in the prolonged presence of anyone so... important.

"You're unused to this sort of intimacy, aren't you?" she asked. "High society dinners, I mean."

He winced. "That obvious, huh?" Oh, that sounded a bit casual. Miss Scarlet would never talk like that. "I-I mean, is it so... transparent?"

She smirked. "My darling, it is charming! You mustn't worry so. One must simply follow the rules of a high society dinner and one need never fear embarrassment."

"But what if... one doesn't know the rules?"

She flashed him a brilliant smile. Before her, in a foreground Senya was desperately trying to tune out, the little fiery woman in the red bottle stroked and squeezed her breasts, wiggling her hips enticingly. "Oh, don't worry about that! It is acceptable to make... the odd mistake. And I can always offer you my help."

"I'd be ever so grateful, Miss Scarlet," he said, managing a smile. "I-I'm sorry, I must seem so..." He shrugged. "I must appear so, um... poor."

She giggled. "Oh, I find you refreshing, darling. Speaking of which..." She pouted slightly. "You haven't touched your drink, darling! That is the first rule: When your host offers you a harvest from one of her finest years, indulge! Be a good guest! I promise, my wine is a particularly... sensual delight."

He nodded, staring uncertainly at the drink. Senya was pretty sure he had an above-average tolerance, but one never knew with the drinks on this Ranch. But Miss Scarlet said it was important, and she'd promised to help him.

He took the glass and took a cautious sip. His eyebrows arched, mirroring Miss Scarlet's—it was wonderful. Tart and tangy, with a strange tropical aftertaste. It left his throat feeling dryer than before, and so it was quite easy to take another sip, and then another.

Before he knew it, Senya was halfway through his glass, and with a gesture from Miss Scarlet, Kitten gently took the glass away from him and set it back onto the table.

Senya stared across numbly at Miss Scarlet. She was suppressing giggles, and seemed quite delighted with him. "Very good!" she said, giving three little claps with just her fingers. "I trust it arouses your palette?"

"Ar... arouses..." Senya blinked. It was strong—stronger than he'd realized while drinking it. He still wanted more, but the room was already getting a bit uneven when he turned his head too fast, like giants were picking up the cellar and shifting it slightly whenever he looked away. He blinked again, trying to clear his vision. "Yes."

She tilted her head. "Darling, the second rule of being a polite guest is that when a beautiful lady does something kind for you, you must thank her. Say 'thank you, Miss Scarlet'."

Senya was having trouble fully parsing her words, but he understood enough to just go along with what she was saying. He barely even thought about it. "Th... thank you, Miss Scarlet."

"And thank Kitten!" Her eyes danced like violet flames in his vision. "She has been such a good maid today."

"Thank you, Kitten," he said to Kitten, who only smiled back at him as she refilled his glass. He stared at the glass a moment, barely comprehending. "I... not sure I should have more," he mumbled. "I mean, one more glass, sure, but after..."

"Why, my dear!" Miss Scarlet's hand flew to her chest, and she looked at him with an expression of parted-lips shock. "Surely you are not refusing one of my finest vintages?"

Senya felt like a cervidame staring into the wisplights. "I... o-of course not!" he said, heart pounding. Major misstep, Senya. Very rude of you. "Sorry, Miss Scarlet. Of course I'll, um, at least finish the bottle?"

She pouted slightly, her expression mellowing. "Well, I'm certain you didn't mean anything by it. My dear boy, the third rule of etiquette is that you must always make amends for a slight. There are two ways to do this: An apology, or a duel."

"But I—" Senya stopped himself, realizing he was interrupting.

"An apology," she continued, giving him a smile and nod to show she saw his near-mistake and appreciated his self-control, "must be presented alongside some sort of gift, as a gesture of goodwill."

Senya nodded. "Of c-course. That makes sense." And it did, sort of. At least when she said it. He was just relieved she was willing to forgive him for nearly insulting her wine.

"Of course it does, darling." She smirked. "Because everything I say makes sense, doesn't it? I know what I'm talking about."

He smiled back, taking a sip of his wine. He barely understood half of what she talked about, which was proof that she knew what she was talking about. "Yes, Miss Scarlet."

"Anyways, it is difficult to arrange a suitable gift under these circumstances..." Miss Scarlet pursed her lips thoughtfully, unknowingly emphasizing to Senya just how perfectly-painted and perfectly-red those lips were. "Considering your, ah, current state."

She flashed him a little smirk, and Senya felt his face heating up again as he remembered his state of dress. Miss Scarlet was so well-dressed, and even Kitten had an outfit, and here he was, naked. It was like a humiliating dream.

"Sorry, Miss Scarlet."

"Oh, no." She laughed, taking a sip of her own wine. "You must rest assured, my darling, I do not mind. I think it shows a real... trust." Her eyes flickered. "You trust me, don't you? Don't just sit there, take a drink, darling. There's a good b... guest."

Senya obediently drank of his wine, a hefty swig that, to his shock, emptied the glass. The world was getting a little hazy, but fortunately, there Kitten was with the refill. He smiled at her. "Thanks, Kitten," he slurred. Kitten just giggled and drew back, watching with her hands clasped in front of her.

"Senya?" he hears Miss Scarlet prompt, and his eyes widened as he realized he'd just track of what she was saying. He turned back, about to apologize, but she was already speaking to him. "Good, good. Now, Senya, do you trust me?"

"I..." Those violet eyes bored into him, and for a moment, it didn't matter how he was dressed—he was naked before her anyway. Senya felt like Miss Scarlet could see every dirty thought, every submission, every erotic dream, and it was humiliating and terrifying. He swallowed down his food. "Yes," he whispered. "Yes, I trust you, Miss Scarlet."

She slowly smiled. "I think it would be a good way to apologize to me if you were to make a... a gesture of trust. Would this be satisfactory to you?"

"Uh, yes," he said. He was having trouble thinking about what she was implying, if she was implying anything. Her eyes were so pretty, but it was taking more and more concentration to look at them, and not the hypnotic sparkle sprite in the lamp. His vision was getting blurrier, and the light was so easy to get lost in. He knew it was very important to focus on those eyes. Focus on the eyes, not the lamp. Stare into her eyes.

"Very good!" Miss Scarlet cooed. Senya immediately felt better. He could tell Miss Scarlet was very pleased. "Place your hand—your right hand, darling—upon your lovely little manhood, my dear."

He started to obey, then did a double-take and stared at her. The world was slowly sinking into warmth and darkness, but something about that... didn't sound like etiquette, exactly.

Miss Scarlet's eyes didn't leave his. "Kitten, help him."

He felt Kitten take his right hand, gently tug it away from his glass, and replace it with his left hand. Her soft set of fingers took his right hand down, off the table, and to his groin. His cock was hard and throbbing, he realized. The way he was seated, it had to be just barely visible to Miss Scarlet. He hoped she wasn't offended.

His hand reflexively wrapped around his manhood. Miss Scarlet's smile widened. "Good," she whispered, seeming, in fact, very much unoffended. "Make it up to me."

Senya began to stroke. They were long, slow strokes. He could tell intuitively that that was how to show he trusted Miss Scarlet. He needed to make sure she knew he trusted her. What better than than to edge himself in front of her, edge himself stupid, edge his brains out, because he trusted she would never, ever take advantage of him?

She was a lady.

"You're doing very well," she said softly, taking a dainty bite from her dish and chewing it slowly. "Just continue like that until I tell you to stop. Understand?"

"Yes, Miss Scarlet."

"Good." She smirked.

"Gooood," echoed a kittenish voice in his ear. "So good!"

"So," Miss Scarlet said slowly, watching him stroke, "assuming you aren't too... diverted, perhaps some conversation would be nice now?"

Senya bit his lip, trying to avoid stroking too fast. Had to edge. Had to edge for... for...

"Darling?" She tilted her head to look at him.

"Oh!" Senya swallowed, realizing he had missed what she'd just said. "Wh-what? Oh, conversation! Yes. Good. Great. Big fan." He realized he was babbling and quickly shut his mouth.

Miss Scarlet toyed with the fork against her lips, smiling slightly. "Oh, Senya, I do enjoy you. So... rustic."

Senya's ears were hot. Rustic. The way she said it sounded so... patronizing. He needed to try harder! But his masturbation made it so hard to think straight.

"Don't you have anything you want to ask me?" she asked, taking a sip from her wine. "Take a bite, dear."

Senya quickly took a bite, then winced, realizing he'd now have to chew before answering. He certainly knew better than to speak with his mouth full, at least. But that was bare minimum stuff. He chewed quickly and swallowed.

"Don't chew so quickly," she said curtly.

"Sorry, Miss Scarlet." He hoped she wouldn't want a full apology for this. He was already stroking; what more could she ask for from him? Thankfully, it seemed his slipup had not been so drastic this time. "Um... you said this was your vintage? You work at the farm? Th-the Ranch, I mean."

She lowered her wine glass, nodding slightly. "Yes, my darling. I have 'worked' at this Ranch for quite a lnog time. Amost as long as Bobbin, in fact!" She paused. "Do remember to eat your dinner, dear."

"Mm." Senya quickly went back to his meal, continuing to masturbate with his left hand.

"Thank you, Senya. Are you enjoying your meal?"

"Mm-hm!" Senya said, nodding eagerly. It was absolutely delicious, though the spiciness meant he had to drink a lot to wash it down. Fortunately, the wine was even better. "It's wonderful, Miss Scarlet!"

She giggled. "I'm so glad. It means ever so much to finally have you as my little guest."

"Really?"

"Oh, yes!"

"Miss Scarlet loves having people over for dinner," Kitten purred in his ear. "Isn't she a nice host?"

"Y-yes." Senya nodded, feeling Kitten's warm breath tickle his ear. He saw Miss Scarlet raising an eyebrow, and quickly took another bite. Honestly, he wasn't trying to not eat, he just kept... forgetting. Every time he drank.

"Anyways," Miss Scarlet said, "I happen to be something called a... grape dryad, of sorts." Her eyes sparkled. "A wine dryad, actually. A grape dryad who has... well, found special applications for her fruits."

"Special?" Senya asked. For a moment, her eyes were swimming before him like violet whirlpools to his hazy vision, and he was worried he'd drunk too much. His vision cleared up after a moment. He took another swig.

"Yes, darling." She sighed. "Oh, dear, please do remember to eat, I wouldn't want this to go to waste! You must fill yourself up!" As he obediently kept eating, she continued. "Most fruit dryads can be terribly vacuous, you must understand—no concerns but pleasure and... well, charity. Stroke a little faster, now." She smiled as he obeyed. "A peach dryad will happily go years without sex if the community she serves has no willing partners. It's... horrifying."

"Imagine," Kitten whispered, "a whole year without getting fucked!"

It did sound horrifying, Senya thought, as he rubbed along his tingling member. He imagined a year without any puppies, any lamias or alraunes or Kittens, a year where all he could do was stroke himself. It was maddening. It made him really horny. Or maybe that was the edging. Gods, he was so aroused...

"So some fruit dryads," Miss Scarlet continued, smirking, "learn to make concoctions. Wonderful concoctions. A fruit dryad's fruits are always sensuous, of course, but... well, suffice to say that there are rewards to distillation."

Senya finished drinking his wine. The whole world was getting very blurred and indistinct. He licked his lips, savoring the taste. He frowned at the empty glass, then looked up at Kitten hopefully.

He realized that Kitten was stroking herself. Openly, her skirt pushed up. As he looked at her, though, Miss Scarlet whispered, "Kitten, Senya seems thirsty. Perhaps... no, later. Do refill his drink. Be a good maid."

"Yes, Miss Scarlet!" Kitten said. With one hand she continued to masturbate, but with the other, she refilled Senya's glass. Senya was so eager to keep drinking, he started to drink before she was done, and she accidentally poured a bit on him. "Oopsie!"

"Senya." Miss Scarlet sounded plainly amused. "What a mess. Clean him off, Kitten."

Senya was still stroking himself, and he let out a feeble moan as Kitten grinned and set to work licking his face again. She lapped up the droplets of wine easily, but she seemed to take extra time around his lips. She went downward, licking wine off his chest, kissing his belly, and lapping roughly at his thighs. Senya was trembling all the while, his need battling with the desire to be courteous. It would clearly be rude to cum without permission, but Kitten was... her head was right by his cock... licking him...

"Good Kitten," Miss Scarlet said, smiling. "Oh, dear, Senya, you really are having trouble, aren't you?"

Senya blinked blearily. He looked up at her, and again felt himself sinking into those violet eyes. Her smile widened as he did so. "You've barely touched your food!"

Senya frowned. "But..." He tried to fork some eggs as Kitten finally pulled away, licking her lips happily, but it was hard with his eyes locked on Miss Scarlet's. And he was so clumsy, it was like moving through molten butter.

"Oh, I see." Her voice turned sympathetic. "Poor darling! You're so... distracted right now."

"Th-the wine..." he mumbled, even as he stroked his head, precum lubricating his shaft.

"You're so distracted," she cooed, "you need some help! Why not let me help you feed yourself, darling?"

"B-but..." That sounded nice. But... no, wasn't that rude? Or... demeaning? He frowned, realizing she'd somehow scooted her chair over next to him without him noticing. "Like a baby?" he slurred.

"Hee. Oh, Senya, you're such a treat." Her felt her hand rest on his thigh, but his eyes were again plummeting deep into hers. "Open wide!"

"I..." He was silenced as she popped a forkful of curried eggs into his mouth.

"Chew," she cooed at him. "Don't be rude. This is, ah, how a good guest is expected to enjoy his delightful host's hospitality!"

"Don't be rude," Kitten mewled in his other ear. "Be good."
