 It was torture, holding her in his arms and not being able to touch her the way that he so longed to, but Tristan LaRue knew that the moment he landed in their backyard he would be able to do the things that every fiber of his being was begging to be allowed to do, his powerful wings thrusting them through the air as he looked down at her. Katherine Hernandez made his heart skip a beat, as she had for the last five years since they met back on the outskirts of Las Vegas when he had come to her aid and then she to his, it seemed almost like an eternity ago now. She held onto him gently but firmly as he carried her through the air, watching the way that it made stray strands of her ebony hair fly around her face, covering her beautiful brown hues before she brushed it away, and he smiled as he remembered the first time he had ever carried her like this once his wings had healed properly and he was able to fly freely once again. He could recall the way that she had clung to him tightly before she realized that he wouldn't be letting go of her, and how relaxed that she had become in his embrace, and then he remembered the way that she had kissed him as he had moved effortlessly throughout the clouds around them, it had been an amazing feeling.

Their house came into view, he had known it wasn't too far from where they had taken off at when she had said that she was hungry and couldn't be stuck in the traffic they had encountered on the five freeway, and he had taken her into his arms to leave soon after that, which had allowed Belladonna to drive to Club Desire to see her boyfriend instead of dropping them off. Landing lightly in the backyard, he gently set the shapeshifter down on her feet, making sure that she had her balance in the stiletto boots that she was wearing before allowing her to leave the safety of his arms and follow behind her inside where it was warm. He knew he needed to let her eat since she was hungry, despite the millions of thoughts of what he truly wanted to do to her, but he had to admit that he was a bit hungry as well as he let his wings fold back into the tattoo that stretched across his back while walking into the sitting room to turn on the lights, smiling as their Christmas tree sparked to life with the rest of the lights in the room. He looked over his shoulder to watch her pull off her boots, watching the way the curtain of her hair blocked her face from view, the way the ends waved and curled around her breasts as she leaned forward to slide her feet free before getting up again, noting she had ditched her leather jacked already to leave her in her skin tight corset and jeans.

"What do you want to eat babe?" Katherine called from the kitchen as she opened the refrigerator to see what all they had that she could whip up real easily, though it seemed that nothing was going to be fast enough to settle the fact that she was starving and should have eaten before they had left for Tuscon for the raid. She was about to ask him again as she straightened up and closed the fridge to find herself staring at his chest, looking up at him as his hand brushed hers, her brown hues meeting his green ones as he looked down at her with a soft smile, and she bit her lips softly at the thoughts that went racing through her mind. She was no stranger to dirty thoughts, she'd had them quite often about the man that stood before her long before the first time they were ever intimate, and with their five year anniversary coming up those had increased tenfold as the days had started to pass them by.

"Why don't I just fly down the few blocks to get pizza and come back, that way we don't have to wait or anything, they always have them ready and I can get anything else on the way there or back too, you're already hungry as it is," Tristan said, his fingers gently entwining with hers to bring her hand to his lips, kissing it gently before starting to move from her fingers to her wrist gently. He watched the way that her eyelids fluttered, a soft sigh escaping her lips as they parted slightly, knowing that she was trying to answer his suggestion and that he was distracting her, a sly smile coming to his lips as she opened her eyes to look at him, giving him a look as she pulled her hand away. He feigned innocence but knew that he was caught, that was all there was to it but he still gave her his most innocent look as she shook her head with a laugh, brushing her hair over her ear as he pulled her close once more. "C'mon, you're hungry and you want out of your clothing as fast as you can get, by the time I get back you could have showered and changed so you'd be comfortable for dinner and for a well deserved Friday night in," he said, his eyes pleading with hers to give in.

"Alright, you've made your point, and it's a good point...you do that and I will go get comfortable to spend the night in with you," she said with a laugh, watching him step closer towards her, and she stepped forward to close the distance between them, his arms snaking around her waist as she rose onto her tip-toes to kiss him gently, breathing his scent in deeply. She always marveled at the way that he smelled of fresh air and sunshine, no matter what time it was or what he had been doing, it was a scent that she found herself somewhat addicted to and often had to force herself to leave each and every morning that she went out. She felt him slide his hands into her back pockets, her fingers squeezing her ass and making her shiver as her arms slid around his neck to let her fingers tangle themselves in his hair gently before the two forced themselves away from one another. "But don't fly, you've done enough of that tonight, just take my car since it's faster," she said, tracing his jaw with his fingers the way she often did when she was trying to make him do as she said, and felt him relax against her, knowing he would give in as he always did.

"Car...got it...pizza and other stuff...back in like twenty minutes if that," he murmured against her lips, his fingers still lingering within her back pockets before he gently pulled away from her completely, pulling her keys off the hook by the entryway behind him as he did so, his lips tenderly pressing to hers once more. He hated to be away from her, it was always hard to do so even if just for a few moments, but he knew that it had to be done so that she didn't go out and then press herself to go to her bookstore cafe to make sure that all was going well there, she needed a night to relax and he was going to find a way to give her that somehow. He walked to the door to leave, grabbing his shirt and pulling it over his head as he did so before hearing her follow after him, stopping as she made him put on his jacket so that he wouldn't get cold with a smile before he turned to kiss her softly. He stood in the doorway of the house with her arms crossed over her chest as he slid into her classic Mustang, bringing the engine to life as he watched her walk inside, hoping that she would be comfortable and relaxed by the time that he came back with dinner, reminding himself to get extra because of how high her shapeshifter metabolism was.

As she watched him drive away, Katherine locked the door and headed upstairs to the room they shared to walk into the grand bathroom, turning on the water to let it heat up while she shimmied out of the tight jeans and panties, slipping her corset off and leaving everything in the clothes basket to step into the steaming water. A soft purr emitted from her lips as the water pounded on her back as she washed her body, letting her hair get wet enough to add conditioner to make it soft once again before she got out and wrapped herself in a towel and tied her hair up in another one to keep it from dripping everywhere. Wandering back to her bedroom, she searched for something to wear that wouldn't be too hot or cold on her body, settling for a satin black nightdress that fell to mid-thigh that she knew Tristan liked on her, adding the matching panties to it before drying her hair and letting it fall loose as she walked back down the stairs to wait for him to come back. She noticed his phone sitting on the kitchen counter and knew that meant she couldn't call him and ask him for chicken wings and beer as well, kicking herself for not mentioning it earlier as she heated up a cup of coffee to drink as she waited for him to come home and join her.

Tristan sat in the car as he waited for the pizza to be ready since he'd had to wait ten minutes for fresh ones, and had used the time to pick up a large order of chicken wings from their favorite place and both beer and soda from the liquor store to take home, something telling him that she would want those. He walked in to get his order, putting everything on the passenger seat and heading home, looking forward to being with her once again, though it hadn't been more than a half hour since he had left, he found himself craving being near her once again, glad to pull into the driveway and balance everything to carry to the door. He had been about to try and knock when she opened it, his eyes catching sight of her outfit and forcing himself not to get distracted, his pants growing tight over his lower extremities as he placed everything on the coffee table for her to look over, seeing her smile before she kissed him. "I take it my hunch that you were beyond hungry was right," he said with a soft laugh as he stripped out of his coat to hang it up next to hers, watching her walk into the kitchen to get a bottle opener and napkins since they never bothered with plates with meals like this. He liked that she wasn't afraid to get her hands dirty in any aspect, it was one of the things that attracted him to her even more he had to admit.

"You always know, I was just kicking myself for not saying something before you left, especially when I saw your phone in the kitchen so I thought for sure I was out of luck, it's like you read my mind or something," she said, sitting on the couch as he sat beside her to open the box of pizza and a container of wings, hearing her pop them each open a beer. Watching her he found himself enamored with the way that her fingers did things, and found his mind wandering once more, deciding to busy himself with their dinner since they were both famished and needed to eat before anything else.

"I told you, I know your mind and the way it works because I have loved you for a thousand years in a hundred different lifetimes, that is just the way it goes," he said softly, looking at her to find that familiar blush creeping back into her cheeks as it did each time that he said that to her, but it was something he truly believed. He felt drawn to her in ways that could never be explained any other way except that he had loved her in another life, and he knew that it had to be more than one because of the way that she made his heart beat within his chest, he would love her for a thousand more years in another hundred lifetimes and he knew it. He smiled softly as he ate, watching her turn on the stereo to their favorite station that was playing non-stop Christmas carols, moving slightly closer so there was hardly distance between them, always in a constant state of touch as they ate and moved during the meal. Once they were done, he got up to put their leftovers away while she opened a bottle of soda for them to split so that they could try and cut out a bit of the buzz from the many beers each of them had had together while they had been eating.

Walking back to the living room, he watched her as she stretched, the strap of her nightdress slipping down her arm and leaving one shoulder bear, and he couldn't stand it a moment longer as he walked up behind her, placing his hands gently on her arms and rubbing them gently, moving up to her shoulders to massage them gently and hearing her soft moan. Leaning down, he gently started to kiss along her neck as his hand slid down the front of her nightdress, cupping her right breast firmly, feeling her shiver gently as her fingers came up to slide over his cheek, her other hand sliding over his as he groped her breast, his thumb flicking over her nipple as it became hard. "Tristan..." she moaned, her back arching slightly as he let his left hand start to slide over her other breast, groping it through the satin material to bring her nipple into a hardened point, but then started to slide it down over her torso. His fingers gently tugged the hem of her nightdress up to her hips so that he could slide his fingers between her parted thighs, feeling how wet the satin of her panties had become already as he massaged her through them.

"Tell daddy how bad you want it," he purred into her ear, feeling her shiver with a soft gasp, smiling with a husky chuckle as he gently bit down on her neck, his fingers pushing her panties out of the way to slide his fingers across her labia and feel just how wet she had become firsthand, finding her slick and ready for him already. Her fingers slid up to his shirt, gripping it tightly in her fingers as her other hand stayed resting over his as it continued to grope her breast, pulling it down to expose her breasts fully, her moan making him hard within his pants as he licked over where he had bitten down. He let his fingers part her lips, letting them slide against her clitoris and feeling her hips raise up off the couch as he did so, running his fingertips in a firm circle around the throbbing bud as she whimpered softly, knowing that she wanted more than that but not giving it to her, he wanted to hear her say it. He pinched her nipple gently, making her cry out softly as she pulled at his shirt with her tight grip as he rubbed her, making her more aroused as each second passed them by.

"Mmm, I want it bad daddy, punish me for being a bad little kitty," she purred, conceding to letting him have total control for the time being, enjoying the way that he got when he was in these kinds of moods, biting her lower lip as he rubbed her clitoris, feeling herself growing wetter each time his fingers flicked the pulsing bead. His lips on her neck as he flicked her nipple making her arch, her hips slowly starting to move in rhythm against his fingers between her thighs as he slid them further down to let them enter her slowly, whimpering softly at the sensation. She let her hand slid behind her on the couch until she found what she was looking for, gripping him through his jeans and boxers and feeling him so hard within them as she rubbed him gently, feeling him shiver as a moan escaped his lips against her throat. The feel of him so hard as he thrust his fingers into her only made her want him all the worse, her fingers trembling as she fumbled to try and get his pants open, feeling him slide his hand off her breast to catch her fingers so that she couldn't, moaning softly as he chuckled softly again.

"Mm, so I see, poor little kitty wants it so bad...well, that can be easily obtained but not down here on the couch, I want you on those red silk sheets that we just put on the bed this morning that we haven't broken in just yet," he whispered into her ear, kissing along her earlobe as she shivered, withdrawing his fingers from her gently. He let her get up slowly, taking in the way that her breasts looked since the top of her nightdress had been pulled below them and watching as she gently slid it back up to cover them as she walked towards the stairs, deliberately swaying her hips as she did so because she knew what it did to him when she did so. He slapped her ass when she got to the top step, watching her eyelids flutter as a hiss escaped her lips, smirking softly as she climbed the stairs ahead of him, waving a hand to shut off everything downstairs as she did so with her magic which only proved to excite him further. He let her lead the way to their room, watching her turning to face him as she leaned against the bedpost while the candles around the room flickered to life without ever being lit, casting a shadow across her momentarily as he sat on the edge of the bed.

She straddled his lap, her hips pressed to his teasingly as his hands slid down to cup her ass and pull her more tightly against him, her arms snaking around his neck to grip his shirt and pull it up gently, wanting to be able to touch his bare skin with her fingertips as she kissed him deeply. He put his hands up to help her in her attempts to get the cotton material off and watched her toss it aside just before their lips met once more in a frenzied kiss that could only be described as pure raw passion as his hands once more found her ass to grip tightly once more. His fingers grabbed the hem of her nightdress and pulled it up, feeling her raise her arms as he pulled his lips from hers to bring the satin over her head and toss it over to where his shirt had wound up, taking in the sight of her with just her panties on while her knees sat on either side of his hips. Gently, he leaned forward and engulfed her nipple between his lips as he gripped her other breast within his hand, his fingers once again finding her nipple to flick as he breathed her in deeply, feeling his shaft quiver within his pants as she let her hips grind against his.

"Ohhh daddy, I want you so much, I can feel how hard you are and I know how bad you want to give it to me," she purred softly, making him shiver at the husky moan that threatened to escape her lips as she moved her hips against his, her wet panties sticking to her swollen labia as he released her nipple to do the same to her other one. She whimpered softly as she felt his fingers on the waistband of her panties to start inching them down her hips to her thighs, allowing him to gently roll them over so that he sat between her legs and raised them up to guide the soft satin along her legs and off to be tossed over to their growing pile of clothing. The way he looked at her with a mixture of passionate longing and undying devotion made her heart start pounding in her chest, licking her lips as she suddenly felt her mouth grow dry while taking in the shirtless sight of him. Since the first moment she saw him, she had been drawn to him, and though she had sworn off love and wanted nothing to do with it she had fallen hard for him, the last five years the closest thing to Heaven that she thought that she would ever experience in her entire life, dead or alive. There was nothing that she wouldn't do for him, she knew, and she hoped that he understood that he was such a big part of not only her life, but of herself, her eyes watching his face as he sat there between her legs gazing back at her.

"I can't stand another moment of not being within you, of not having you in my arms, I know that we're together all the time but it feels like we've been parted a million years whenever we're not alone," he whispered, and she knew that tone in his voice meant that he needed not only to make love to her, but just needed to be alone with her and no interruptions. He let his fingers slide along her thigh, watching her bite her lower lip as they gently parted her labia and slid within her tight wetness deeply, her head thrown back against the bed as her fingers dug into the plush comforter beneath her, finding every part of her complete perfection as he leaned down to kiss her lips deeply, his fingers slowly thrusting within her. Her fingers found his shoulders, entangling in his hair as her tongue slide against his lips before he let them part to allow her tongue to find his, moaning against her mouth as it did so while feeling his cock strain against his boxers and pants for release.

Her fingers let go of their grip on his shoulder and hair to slide to his waist once again, and this time he didn't stop her as she got his pants open at last, helping her with his free hand to slide them and his boxers down his hips and free his hard manhood at last, her fingers closing around it to stroke it firmly, bringing a ragged moan from his throat. "Gods baby, you're so hard..." Katherine moaned softly against his lips as she stroked him from base to tip and back again, feeling the way that he shuddered from the sensation, his fingers thrusting deeper into her wet walls as a result and making her whimper gently against his lips. He withdrew his fingers gently, slowly sitting up to look down at her and remove her hand from his throbbing shaft, his eyes meeting hers before flicking to the head of the bed, and she nodded as she rolled over to crawl to where he wanted her, his eyes on her voluptuous ass as she did so and feeling himself grow harder while pushing his pants and boxers off entirely. He watched her lay down there, her legs parted for him as he lay atop her and kissed her deeply, his heart racing in his chest as she wrapped her arms around his neck, their formerly rough pace all but forgotten for the time being as her fingers stroked down his spine and made him shiver.
