 And we're back! Sorry about the hiatus, my lovelies. When we'd last left off, Senya, still with his memories of his first encounter with the Thriae erased, had just visited the Thriae for a second time to acquire an amulet meant to make him immune to mind control. This, however, requires the involvement of dear little Sylvia...

~~~~ ~~~~

Senya's mind slowly sank into honey as the Thriae looked on with delight. It was almost humiliating. It was almost shameful. But it felt so, so good.

And it was inevitable, really. Senya knew he could no more easily resist than he could ever look away from Sylvia's beautiful golden eyes. Which would be resisting. Which he couldn't do. And wasn't that why he was here?

The longer Sylvia spoke, the more aroused she seemed to get. The more aroused Sylvia got, the more aroused Senya got. The more aroused Senya got, the harder it got to tear his eyes away from her eyes. And he needed to watch her eyes. She'd told him it was very important to watch her eyes.

"That's right," the petite, wasp-waisted fey cooed at him, golden curls bouncing around her heart-shaped face as she put a hand to her mouth to hide her giggles. "Juuuust keep, like, lookin' at my pretty eyes, cutie. Good boy. Gooood boy."

Senya's head swayed. Sylvia seemed utterly delighted with him, and he felt utterly delighted with her. With her beautiful eyes. With her smooth, curvy body. He could smell the aroma of her spicy private mead even now, and unconsciously licked his lips.

"Now," Sylvia whispered, leaning just a little bit closer, "let's get started."

~~~~

My dear brother,

Man, that postal system's a bummer, huh? Still waiting to hear from you—haven't gotten anything since you arrived at the inn. How'd that milk taste?

So, I kinda started doing my own homework while I've been waiting. Work's slow, and I can afford to be idle. And, uh, I've read some freaky stuff about that area. Still no record of an 'Ambrosia Ranch', but there are these records that indicate a Thriae hive in the area. We both know not to fuck with them. Those human-haters would break you like a twig if given the chance, and they could do it, too.

Also, I found some records talking about some sort of ancient fey prison run by the natives? It's in the area, too. That ranch might be in a bit of danger if it's near the prison. Hopefully Uncle Yvun wasn't up to anything too shady. No, you know what? I can't even say that jokey-joke.

Getting a bit worried, to be honest. I know it hasn't been super long, but we usually write pretty regularly, and these are weird situations.

Are you even receiving these?

~~~~

"Deeper," Sylvia breathed. "Deeper, boytoy. Mm..."

Senya was as deep as he could go. Sylvia's face was inches away from his. He could smell her sweet breath, could almost taste her lips on his. She would be so sweet and syrupy...

"Okay!" she giggled. "Now, I want you to look away from my eyes..."

Impossible. Absurd. He could never look away from her beautiful, perfect, amber

"...and look at this instead!"

His eyes locked on a dangling glass heart. The heart shimmered, and he realized it was filled with what looked like liquid silver. Quicksilver. But it was reflecting everything around it right now, and so it was gold.

His eyes sank into it easily. The glass heart dangled from a thin golden chain. It was like staring into a Thriae's eyes.

And something about it made him feel... warm.

"This is your heart," Sylvia said, beaming at him. She twirled the chain, causing the heart to flash and sparkle. Senya gasped in wonder. "I hold it, see?"

There was a murmur from next to Senya, but he didn't understand what it was. Only Sylvia mattered right now. Sylvia, Lala and Lata, and Lata and Lala were just watching him, slowly stroking themselves, smiling, licking their lips like examining a delicious future meal...

His eyes flickered back onto the heart.

"Sorry, Bobbi," Sylvia said, biting her lip. "Sometimes I just can't help myself, y'know? I'm such a ditz, I see this sexy little sub and I'm like, o-m-g, gotta fuck his brains out!" She giggled.

"Ah?" Senya vaguely registered what she was saying, but not consciously. Instead, it just sank into his open, receiving head.

Can't help myself.

Sexy little sub.

Fuck brains out.

Gods, she's so beautiful...

"Master," cooed Sylvia, returning his attention to her words. He watched to stare at her fulsome yellow lips, watch the way they embraced the word, watch the way they curved upward in a smirk at the end of it, but that was totally outside his abilities. He had to look at the heart. had to let her hold his heart and just... drift... into it... "I'm holding your heart, and your heart's holding your attention, so that means I have your attention, 'kay?"

"'kay..." Senya was drooling a little, but he barely noticed it. Someone wiped it away with a napkin. He still barely noticed. Behind the heart, he vaguely registered Lala and Lata moving to sit on Sylvia's left side so they could kiss and grope and fondle one another more easily.

"Good boy," Sylvia breathed, and Senya shivered at her words. "So nice to just give in, to give it all in. Give it all in."

"Give it all in," he repeated dully.

"Yes!" she said happily. "Give it all in. Give it all in to the heart, let it all sink in there. I'm gonna ask you some stuff, so we can make your heart beat okay. Sound good?"

"Mm..." Senya smiled dreamily. "Yes, Sylvia."

"Yay! 'Kay, so, like, first off:" The heart began to slowly swing, like a pendulum. it felt like Senya's whole mind was being sent reeling, and he felt a little dizzy. "Like, what's your name, Master?"

"Senya Wetherdean." The words spilled out of him like... like sand from a sieve. And the, he realized, they were gone.

He couldn't remember.

He couldn't remember his own name.

He had a momentary bout of panic, but Sylvia smiled, and this sent his thoughts receding like waves after an earthquake. "Easy," she breathed. "Shh. Shh. It's okay. I'm just borrowing those cute little thoughts so your brain can, like, work for me instead of for you. Sound good?"

"Uh..."

The heart swung back and forth. Back and forth.

"G-good..."

"Good boy," Sylvia said, delighted. "Next question: What's your favorite kinda girl to fuck?"

The crudeness of the question didn't even make him blink—not that he could, with the heart captivating him. Still, embarrassment burned in him as the words slipped out unbidden, working around his own conscious understanding and delving deeper still. "Strong," he whimpered. "Girly. Ditzy, but smarter than me. Claims what she wants. Generous. So, so generous..."

"Ooh." Sylvia was very quiet now. She was still inches from him, and she looked very bothered. "And... what's she look like?"

"... big breasts... big butt..." Senya couldn't stop the words from flowing out. "Big eyes... eyes that captivate, that control me... big, soft lips..."

Sylvia seemed to be leaning in closer—almost close enough to disrupt Senya's swinging heart. "Why, Master," she whispered, tongue darting out and licking across his lips, causing syrupy sweetness to blossom on his tongue, "this girl sounds a little bit like... me."

Senya panted as the flavor coursed through him.

"Is it me?' she cooed sweetly.

"Yes."

There was a long pause, and Senya thought that Sylvia was about to tackle him. She was panting, eyes wide and almost feral.

Lala moaned something amid her lovemaking with Lata, and Sylvia seemed to give a start. She leaned back a little, though she was still very close to him, and it was still very warm. "Next question," she said, and Senya realized he could scarcely remember what she'd just asked. His ideal woman? Who could that be?

He stared at the girly, ditzy, dominant wasp-waisted blonde across from him, and felt her big eyes drowning him in his own desire. He couldn't possibly guess. Not anymore.

"Who controls you?" she cooed.

"You do."

"Mm." She pursed her lips. "Shoulda been more specific! Heehee! Okay, nevermind that one." Senya realized he could once again remember his answer. That was good. He'd hate to forget how easily this gorgeous Thriae controlled him. "Aside from me, who's normally in charge of you, stud?"

"I am."

"Ding-ding-ding!" She beamed at him. "Good boy! Can you, like, repeat that for me?"

Senya stared at her. He still felt the lingering pleasure from her praise, and he longed to obey. But...

... he found he didn't know.

"Well? Who controls you?" She batted her eyelashes as the heart swung back and forth, awash in reflected gold.

"I don't know," he whispered.

"Good boy!"

There was another brief bout of external murmuring. Sylvia looked to the side, over Senya's shoulder. "Just one more, Bobbi. This is important." Sylvia turned back to Senya. "Okay. One more question: Who's the most important person in your life? Aside from us honey babes, I mean." She winked.

"My sister, Anya."

"Oooh." She arched her eyebrows. "Now that's a fun one!"

More murmuring, this time sharp enough to make Lata and Lala stop kissing and look over with heavy-lidded amber eyes. The murmdering was actually quite loud this time, and Sylvia flinched. Senya was glad he didn't need to pay it any heed.

"He'll get it all back," the Thriae said sulkily. More murmuring. "Well, as long as he wears, it, yeah! I gotta ask these questions, Bobbi-baby, Jerrod, sweetie. It won't work otherwise! Please don't be mad?" She gave big puppydog eyes over Senya's shoulder. Senya wasn't even their target, but he melted all the same. How could anyone be mad at wonderful Sylvia?

There was a pause, and Sylvia relaxed. "Okay. Let's move on." She locked eyes with Senya again—or tried to, anyways. Senya was still staring deep into the heart amulet. Was it somehow more sparkly now?

Oh. Sylvia's eyes were glowing now. A very bright glittering metallic gold.

"Senya Wetherdean," she said softly, "this heart is going to embody you at your very-very-very strongest. It's gonna be a reservoir of willpower that can't be broken, so that no matter what, nothing can get a hold on your cute, weak little mind. So I'm gonna need you to be super-duper good for me now and focus all those tiny little thoughts you have left into what I say, okay?"

"Okay," he repeated, his mind numb.

Sylvia smiled brightly. "Okay! Now, first off: I need to be strong. Can you think that? I need to be strong."

Senya felt the words sinking into him, and his conscious and subconscious absorbed them and processed them.

I need to be strong, he thought. Need to be strong. Need to resist. Can't let them control me. Can't let them break me! I need to be strong!

And the second he thought it, it all vanished. Senya was left disoriented, staring into a swinging heart. Had he... had he done it? What had he done?

"Good boy!" Sylvia chirped, and he let out a moan of pleasure. It felt so good to be weak sometimes, to just let her praise wash over him. His cock was so hard, and all three of the Thriae were staring at it now and licking their lips. They could master him, he knew. There was no chance he wouldn't let them put those wonderful tongues and lips all over his cock. Though it had never happened to him before, he could almost imagine exactly what it would feel like, and the not-memory was almost enough to make him faint now that Sylvia was so close to him. "Now, think this: I do not trust those who seek to control me.

I do not trust those who seek to control me, he thought. This thought was harder—he wanted to trust Sylvia, after all, and she had just spent the last ten minutes filling him with obedient thoughts—but he found that her little tinkerings slipped away when he focused on this thought. His conscious mind remained strong, guided in purpose by her mastery over him. I do not trust them. I cannot trust them. They are trying to control me. Without my consent. I do not trust those who seek to control me!

And again, the thought clicked and vanished. Senya felt rather like an air bladder that had slowly been leaked of air. Emptied. He couldn't hold onto these thoughts, whatever they were. Hopefully they weren't important.

"Yay!" Sylvia squirmed slightly, and he felt a warm hand grasp his cock and begin to slowly stroke him. "Okay, and just one more, and then it's gonna feel so good. 'Kay?"

"Mm... 'kay..."

Sylvia's eyes bored through the amulet as it swung before her face, bathing him in her radiance. Pleasure from her fingers began to sparkle into his mind, filling him up with Sylvia's will, like she was slowly, sensually pumping his brains out. "I do not want to be dominated."

Senya rocked back and forth as she edged him. "NNnuh..." he managed.

"Teehee!" Sylvia's eyes gleamed. "Those are, like, super sweet sounds, but I need you to try really hard now! C'mon, boy. You can do it."

I do not want to... Senya felt his mind slipping back into that conscious state, and the pleasure, the lost memories, all of it faded away. Only Sylvia's guidance remained.

I do not want to be... do not want to be...

So why was he still having trouble?

He screwed up his strength. I do not want to be dominated, he thought, but the thought was limp. He swallowed.

"Go on, stud," Sylvia cooed. "Channel your will. Be a good boy."

"Maybe you drank too much milk," Nun said, sighing. The enchantress smirked slightly, her eyes flashing with amusement. "Is that the problem? Were you thirsty, my good boy?"

Senya giggled. Everything felt so nice and soft in his mind right now. He looked up and saw her holding up a mug.

"You drink," she said. "Drink, now. Finish. Submit. And then I will give you all the pleasure you want."

"Go on," Sylvia whispered. "Channel! It'll feel so good! Just one thought, and then you can have so much fun." Her thumb stroked his slick glans for emphasis, causing him to let out a groan.

The alraune smiled down at him, just a foot or two away now. "Your will is mine, Master." He tried to speak, but he was immersed in her will. He only stammered. "Yes, tell me what you want," she whispered. "Tell me what you need. I exist to serve you. To bring you..."

Her finger played over his lips, and he tasted sweetness when his tongue came out of its own accord to lick it. She giggled. "...pleasure."

"C'mon, Master," Sylvia hissed, her tone almost mocking. "Don't you wanna resist?"

"Does my darling master want to stroke?"

"Feels good to be a good slut. Good sluts always obey. Good boys and girls always beg Mistress Tricin for pleasure!"

"Would you like to suckle me, baby? Just a sip. Just a little suck. Wouldn't that be nice? You know how good I taste. You know you'll feel soooo much better."

"Can't believe we caught you so easy."

"Such a good boy."

"Yeah, you let her suck your stupid dick until it's doing aaaaall the thinking for you, and then we're gonna fuck those brains out until we're doing the thinking for you."

"When I put my lips on your cock, I am going to kiss all your cares away! I will suck your mind away from you, and I will take very good care of it, okay, Pet?"

"Master?" Sylvia whispered. "Master, be a good boy. Don't you want to resist?"

"It is very important to me that this is what you want," Miss Scarlet cooed, as her wonderful lips descended upon his cock and began to suck his brains out.

"I..." Senya's mouth was dry. His cock was throbbing with need. "I... I w-want..."

The amulet shattered.

~~~~

When Senya came to, it was to absolute delight and pleasure. He let out a happy moan as he came into a warm, wet crevice, squirming within the soft, warm armchair. "Ah! Thank you, Mistress!" he cried.

Wait.

What?

He looked down, vision still bleary, and saw none other than Sylvia bobbing up and down on his cock. Her lips smacked with every motion, and she was letting out happy moans and whines as she visibly swallowed his load with a lust sprite's eagerness. She beamed at him around his cock, batting her eyelashes.

He was sitting in the armchair again—well, sitting wasn't exactly the right word. He was sinking into it. It was warm and squishy and soft, and his head was buzzing happily. He let out a moan as he felt Sylvia's tongue start to run mercilessly over his head, and he started to buck and cry out. It was too much sensation, too quick, too soon after—he had to get away, had to push her off, had to—had to—

But it was no use. Lying in this armchair, he might as well have had a cinder block on his chest. He limply tried to rise up, but it was so comfortable, and so... heavy. The cushions seemed to hold him down. He could only squirm and gasp and moan as another orgasm spurted out of him.

Sylvia was giggling. So were Lata and Lala, he saw, who were each kneeling at the feet of a lithe woman whose back was to Senya, licking between her furry legs. But they saw him, and their eyes smoldered with equal parts amusement and desire.

Sylvia was still sucking him, and still running her tongue over his glans, when he felt a firm hand on his shoulder. "Go on, then," said the gruff voice of Jerrod. "Send her on her way."

"C-can't..." Senya whined, trembling as he felt a third orgasm building up. The way her tongue was running over his cock right now was excruciatingly slow and sensuous, like she wanted to savor every inch of it. "H-honey..."

And it was true. He knew he couldn't move even if he tried. The honey had filled his mind with lust, with submissiveness, with the urge to submit. However Sylvia had managed to trick him into letting her suck him, he was hers now. There was no point in fighting.

"We had her cleanse her mouth first," Jerrod said, sighing. "There's no honey. You ain't mind controlled, Master."

Senya blinked.

Sylvia slowly pulled off his cock, lips leaving slick saliva. A little string of it connected her mouth to his cock for a moment before breaking as she smacked her lips, satisfied, and beamed at him. "You taste sooooo good," she burbled. "Haven't had a Master who gave in to the slime girls like you did in, like, forever! It makes you taste kinda like cherries." She winked at him.

Senya felt vaguely queasy. His memories were slowly returning, in bits and pieces. He'd come here with Bobbin and Jerrod, of course, to... to get the amulet!

And then Sylvia had hypnotized him. Willingly, he realized. They'd said... what had they said?

"We need to get you in the right state of mind," Bobbin said, with a thin smile. "On your own, mustering the, uh... well, the will, it might not work. But if she's helping you along, you should be able to do whatever she wants you to do."

"Ooh, yeah!" Sylvia licked her lips. "Like, I could make you suckle my titties, or lick my pussy, or—" She giggled as Bobbin scowled at her. "Or do whatever my sweet Bobbi wants," she cooed.

"Remember, Sylvia" Bobbin said, her frown giving way to a smirk, "if this works, I'll lick you out until you can't tell gold from tin."

Sylvia's eyes shone.

"Uh, wait," Senya said, looking between the fey, "I'm not sure... I mean, isn't this counter-intuitive? I thought we wanted to make me... not get mind controlled anymore?"

Lata and Lala licked their lips. "Are you sure you want that, cutie?" Lala asked.

"Sure we don't want more of us instead?" Lata purred, cupping her breasts in her thin, tight-fitting white t-shirt.

Senya bit his lip. He didn't know what had him feeling so strange about this place, but something was... was off. He felt unbearably horny just looking at these women—er, moreso than he usually did from looking at the women of the Ranch—but he didn't know why. It was like something in his head unconsciously registered them as synonymous with pleasure. Was that fey magic? It almost felt like... like something he couldn't quite put his finger on.
