 My dear brother,

What the fuck is going on over there? I haven't heard from you since you met the friggin' pirate! Are you even reading these? I swear to god, if you just got caught up with some lust sprites and lost track of time, I'm going to give you the skittergoblin treatment. Write back ASAP!

The next few days were a blur of... almost nothing for poor Senya. Jerrod and Bobbin were in a hurry preparing for "Market Day", constantly rushing out of the farmhouse to talk to the Thriae about the honeypots, or to barter with the spritelion, or otherwise to oversee the harvests. They never let him come along.

Instead, Senya was kept under close watch, paired with various guardians set to keep him in line. Quite often, it was the catgirl.

She was Kitten much more often nowadays, as far as he could tell, and mostly just played with her 'toys' and made sure he didn't get up to any mischief. Once or twice, he convinced her to go for a short walk, but they rarely made it far. She seemed to get triggered by half of the things he said, and inevitably she would end up grabbing him and sprinting back to the farmhouse for one of her bizarre delights.

A few times, she had persuaded him into joining her, employing deliciously lewd promises to coax him into assisting Kitten in her bliss. He usually let her cum, but it was getting more and more tempting to build her up later and later. She seemed to need his permission. Whenever he was too hesitant to grant it, she would eventually pounce on him and fuck the words from his gasping lips.

And he seemed to need that.

But it usually wasn't Kitten. It was usually one of the scarecrows, and in particular, Seven. She was always extremely affectionate, of course. He had saved her life, and so she lavished kindness on him, treating him with almost the same devoted affection the Thriae showed Bobbin.

But he almost never even made it out the door with her around. She responded to any attempt by tempting him into stopping for a snack at the fruit bowl, and she'd start babbling nonsense to him while he ate, and the next thing he knew he'd be kneeling between her legs and gasping for a taste.

She always assured him it was for his own protection, but her own hunger was evident.

Once, Bobbin and Jerrod had failed to communicate with one another and each left him with a scarecrow to keep him company. They had returned and found him tied spreadeagled on the table, bound and gagged and whimpering for more as they tickled his feet and took turns bouncing on his shaft.

Bobbin had been more careful after that.

But every now and then, both the scarecrows and Kitten would be busy. And these were both the best and worst days. On these days, Bobbin simply wouldn't wake him up in the morning, and he would spend day and night in a lusty blur in his bed, lost in the endless lickings of his puppy sprites. The morning after he would be awoken with a chipper whistle, and Bobbin would usually have to take him downstairs and fuck him senseless just to "get it out of his system".

One time, Kitten and the scarecrows had been unavailable two days in a row, and he'd been captured by the puppy sprites for forty-eight hours straight. Bobbin had taken him right back up to his room immediately after breakfast, back to the lust sprites' delights. She told him later he'd begged for it.

All-in-all, Senya was losing time. A lot of time. He was pretty sure it had been a week or so. Jerrod told him it had been eight days. To their credit, both the stockman and the straw boss appeared fully aware that there was something wrong about this arrangement.

"It's just for the interim," Bobbin assured him. "We want to make sure everything's in... oh, in order. Trust me, I don't like this a—ah!—any more than you do. Oh, yeah, baby... You like that..."

Senya had some trouble retaining what she was telling him when she was rising up and down on his cock like that.

But the arrangement did pass, and strangely, Senya felt better for it. He still melted whenever he so much as heard the suggestion of "going to bed"—but it had always been like that, right?—but it felt like he'd hit rock bottom. Rather than explore the Ranch, he had used the little time he'd spent not getting fucked to study and learn. Jerrod was a helpful teacher, and Bobbin provided a lot of useful pointers.

He had finally memorized the triggers, for one thing. He still didn't feel fully safe using them, but he was pretty sure he could escape most of the monster girls' advances as long as he could manage the words while resisting their control.

And so it came to pass that one morning, Jerrod awoke him and dragged him from the room of whimpering puppy sprites, and Senya set out one again to do the morning chores. Harvest time was upon them, and there was a great rush to get everything ready for Market Day. Bobbin was already sour because, as she said, "The fleece isn't ready yet, but everything else is. We'll have to wait until after the shearing to go to market. It's too risky, otherwise."

And so Senya found himself faced, first of all, with the task of collecting the prisoner fruit.

And this time, he would be alone.

Senya's jaw was set as he made his way toward the forest. His heart was pounding. His cock was... harder than he might have liked. He concealed it strategically with the large basket he was tasked with carrying.

Bobbin and Jerrod evidently saw this as a low-stakes task—Brigitte was better-behaved than, say, the holstaur, so even if (or when) she took control, she wouldn't try anything too permanent. They just needed him to tell her to go into the orchard, harvest the prisoner fruit, and bring it back to the farmhouse. Nobody else had time for it. Apparently, the scarecrows had trouble with Brigitte. Bobbin had mumbled something about 'tentacles' when Senya had pressed. He wasn't sure he wanted to know more.

It wasn't terribly important to Bobbin and Jerrod that he resist Brigitte, but it was important that he got the fruits back before noon. It was ten now. Senya knew all too well how time could fly in a prisoner's arms, though, especially after the last few days. Especially in an alraune's flower. Above all, it was critical that he not end up in the alraune's flower, bathed in her nectar and helpless to have any thoughts beyond her.

Even though a part of Senya passionately, desperately wanted that.

But Senya had plans beyond harvesting. He needed answers. He hadn't been able to so much as glance at the cellar with the scarecrows and Bobbin around, and he didn't trust the basement with Kitten in tow—she seemed eager and submissive, but he couldn't trust that anymore.

Brigitte was, according to the dry rosters he'd read, one of the oldest inmates still around. Apparently, there had been a wifwolf a while back, as well as a few demons and even a brass sprite, but most were now gone. Transferred to other ranches, maybe. Uncle Ysun had had three, according to the lawyer. If anyone would know about the lights in the cellar, it would be Brigitte.

Well, or perhaps Valina or Mommy, but... something told Senya that they wouldn't be quite as helpful. Or would be too helpful.

And Bobbin, of course, but she was...

Senya wasn't sure what to think about Bobbin. She clearly wanted to protect him, but protect him from what? She still wouldn't give him a straight answer. Senya wanted very badly to trust Bobbin, but he wasn't sure she was even able to fully answer him. Who knew what control she was really under?

And so Senya, still horny and weak from his week in the grips of overwhelming pleasure, his mind slowly cracking beneath the constant submissions to the fey of the Ranch, was faced with the ominous task of interrogating an alraune.

Senya came up to the edge of the orchard, reached up, and plucked a ripe, juicy fruit from the branches. He bit into it, savoring the juice as it dripped down his toned, naked body.

He could only hope he'd be able to hold out.

~~~~

"Ah!" The alraune's bright red lips curved up in a sly smile. Her big, emerald eyes bored into him, gently mocking. "If it isn't my dear, dear Master."

Brigitte was as beautiful as he remembered. Her cheeks were flushed a brilliant scarlet against her pale green skin. Her long, pine-green hair poured around her heart-shaped face like oozing treacle. Wet, squishing sounds came from the pink flower she lay within, its petals gently undulating around her like a lewd dress.

"Hello, Brigitte," he said, his mouth dry.

"Oh!" She put a hand to her breast, beaming. "Master remembers the name of his adoring pet alraune. What a pleasure it is to see him again."

"I-I'm here to collect the fruits," Senya said, biting his lip. He looked around, trying to avoid looking at...

"Look into my eyes."

Senya looked up and met her verdant gaze.

Instantly, his worries and cares relaxed into a feeling of calm and bliss. Vague memories returned—his body pressed against hers within the flower, guided into thrusting again and again and again, the cinnamon sweetness of the nectar dripping into his gasping mouth—and he felt his eyes sink deep into hers.

"Good boy," she cooed, leaning down from the flower. She was ten paces away from him, but Senya could already almost feel her kisses on his cheek. "Such a good, darling Master. Did you miss your slave, Master?"

"Y-yes," he said. His voice sounded distant and confused. Her eyes shimmered with glorious green, half-closed in smug delight. Part of him knew he needed to look away, but part of him wondered if it might be better to play along, to keep her happy. Or did he just want to believe that? Her praise made his cock throb. It felt so good to be praised.

"I know you did." She giggled. "Your manhood swells at my every word, sweet pet." With a sinking feeling, Senya realized he'd forgotten to get dressed. Again. He wished he could remember why that kept happening. "Already, you ready yourself to submit to my embrace once more. A strange Master, but a welcome one." Her eyes glimmered. "Come closer, my submissive Master. You cannot help yourself."

He struggled vainly, breathing heavily in the almost physical struggle to stay put. But every breath filled him with more and more of her sweet cinnamon scent, made him crave it all the more.

"So let me help you," Brigitte hissed. Her eyes filled his mind, adoring, yet merciless. "I know you cannot bear life without me. Please, Master, let your slave bring you the pleasure you so desperately desire!"

"Yes, Mistress." He took a step forward, shuddering beneath her gaze. "But..."

"But what?" Her smile widened. "What is it you want, my pet?

"I..." He took in a deep, shuddering breath. This was a mistake, as his head spun with cinnamon bliss. He remembered how good it felt to slip into that tight, wet space, to feel her touch, to feel her. "I-it is almost Market Day," he stammered.

Brigitte blinked.

"Then I will aid in the harvest," she said, her words dull and vacant. Vines began to stream out from the flower, climbing up the trees all around, grabbing at ripe, juicy prisoner fruits. Senya watched in awe, still a bit dizzy, as she released him from her gaze.

Her vines were everywhere. Within this orchard, Brigitte was a goddess. The fact that he had willingly walked inside was beginning to sink in.

"Good girl," he said unthinkingly.

Brigitte gasped and shook, moaning as the orgasm—clearly unexpected—poured through her. Her eyelids fluttered, and the flower tightened around her. "N-naughty pet," she whined, wriggling in the squelching plant. "I shouldn't be cumming without my Master inside me."

Senya regarded her for a moment, breathing deeply, trying to recover from her control. "I... I actually want to talk to you." He licked his lips, taking a step back.

"I love to hear my Master speak," Brigitte purred. "H-his words are my bliss. Speak, pe—Master."

"Yes, M—okay." Senya bit his lip. "I... I want to know about the basement."

"Is this a 'basement' of metaphor?" Brigitte asked, giving a slight giggle. Vines danced around Senya, running teasingly over his cheek as they climbed up to harvest more fruits. "Or has my Master sampled the loveliness of 'Scarlet'?"

"The... the latter." Senya leaned against a tree, hoping to steady his will a little. Vines ran over his body in their climb up the trunk, tickling his sensitive body. He tried to ignore them. "I went down there a... a while ago."

"And?"

"And... and I met Scarlet. She..." Senya couldn't stop himself. He knew Brigitte wanted him to elaborate. "She tempted me into eating with her. Drinking with her."

"Ah, to enjoy Scarlet again!" Brigitte gave a sad sigh. "Her grapes made my orchard's yield taste all the sweeter. What was it like to drink from her, Master?

Senya swallowed. "I felt easier. She made me... made me give in."

"Ooh." Brgitte wriggled slightly. Her tone had turned husky—bothered, even. "Tell me more."

"She and Valina tempted me. Used me." Senya squirmed slightly as the vines ran along his thighs. He desperately avoided looking directly at his would-be temptress. "I... she t-took me to her bed..."

"Oh, her bed," Brigitte whimpered. The wet noises from the flower had gotten quite loud as she shifted and wriggled. "Oh, that silken prison."

"A-and I saw... I saw a light..."

"What did she do to you then?"

Senya fought to stay on-topic. "There was a vent, a shaft of light..."

Her eyelashes fluttered. "What then, pet?"

The vines trailed up along his arms, tickling his sides. Her eyes shone with erotic fixation.

The words seeped from Senya's lips like honey from an unsealed jar, slow and yet impossible to halt. "She... she sucked me..."

"Ah, the lips of Scarlet..." the alraune moaned.

Senya's cock was throbbing, and his Senya's rational mind struggled against the sounds Brigitte was making. She was getting too aroused. Soon, she would be too needy to talk. She would... would want to take him...

"The vent," he whispered, trembling against the trunk. "Brigitte, I command you. T-tell me of the vent. I... heard moans from it."

"Of course you did." Brigitte's eyelashes fluttered. She was clearly off in her own world. "Scarlet is so loud when she suckles at her gentle lover's sensitivities..."

Senya suddenly realized he was staring right at Brigitte as she toyed with her large, perfectly round breasts.

Brigitte's eyes opened wide. She smiled at Senya, a fearsome, dangerously horny smile. "Would you like to know how it was I came to this Ranch, my pet?"

"The... the vent..." Senya leaned heavily against the tree, and now it was his eyes that were fluttering.

"Before Masters, it was a wonderful tale." Brigitte laughed. "A knight of the Wild East journeyed with a kitsune. I claimed her. And when the knight sought to petition for her freedom... I claimed him as well." She wriggled violently, gasping as an orgasm appeared to rip through her nubile body. Over by the tree, Senya felt thick vines wrapping around his legs. "A t-t-terrible perversion," she breathed. "A fey... breaking a mortal's parley... gripping him in my vines and breaking his pitiable mind... oh, how he begged... wept..." She licked her lips. "But he was mine."

"The vent," Senya whimpered.

Brigitte stared at him, arching an eyebrow.

The vines encircled his torso. Cinnamon filled his mind.

Brigitte whispered something he did not hear.

"W-what was that?" Senya asked. He twitched slightly as the leaves on the vines tickled his throat.

Brigitte smiled. "Come closer, pet. What I have to tell you is not for the ears of onlookers."

He blinked. Brigitte's eyes glimmered. "How, um..." He took a step forward, feeling almost guided by the vines that had wrapped around his ankles. "How can I be sure you aren't just... trying to get me close?"

"Would you object if I was?" Brigitte said softly. "If my sole design was to place you back within my arms, where you belong?"

"Well..." Mirroring her act a few seconds ago, he licked his lips.

Her voice turned silky. "Would it be so tragic to be wrapped within me once more? Drowning within my lust, pet? Returned to thrust within, with no responsibility save your lips on mine?" Senya's cock twitched and ached at her sensuous tone. "Would that be such an evil to befall you?"

"G-guess not..."

He stood right before the flower. Brigitte leaned down and beckoned. He leaned in and cocked his ear.

And as Brigitte leaned in, he thought for a moment that she would kiss him, or lick him. But she didn't. Her lips came so close to his ear, he could feel them brush against his skin when she spoke in a sibilant whisper.

"Ambrosia pours from a verdant star

Locked in limbo beneath the hearth

Once danced within the covenant's blood

For the crime of perverting the mortal bud

But silver has been outweighed by gold

And now the star's dance has been sold."

He turned to her and opened his mouth to ask a question.

But the question was shattered from his mind as she kissed him. The vines pulled him close, and he moaned, caught inescapably in her embrace. Her tongue thrust into his mouth. Sweet cinnamon filled his nose, his mouth, his mind.

The vines began to lift him up, and he numbly realized he was being pulled over the edge of the petals. He started to limply struggle, but the alraune only giggled and held him tighter."Yes, wriggle," she moaned, breaking off the kiss for a moment and gazing at him with narrowed, lusty eyes. "Wriggle in my grasp, pet!"

"The flower is—"

She only silenced him with her lips once more, cutting off the trigger. Her eyes filled his vision as her tongue thrust into his mouth, drowning his poor taste buds in drugged cinnamon. He found his lips parting, unconsciously returning the kiss. It felt so good to let her kiss him. And not just because he was submitting again.

Still, he struggled to free himself, stammering towards the trigger. "Fl—flower—mmf!"

Every kiss seemed to rob him of a bit of his free thought. Or maybe he was just getting horny. Didn't everyone here tell him that being horny made him obedient, pliant, stupid and submissive? He certainly couldn't think straight to argue right now. It felt so good to let her kiss him.

He writhed helplessly, even as he knew how good his weak struggles made her feel. The trigger phrase bounced in his brain, swam within the nectar speedily filling him up. And he hadn't even penetrated yet. She hadn't even touched his dick yet.

And then the vines dropped him, and he slipped into the flower beside her with a splash.

She cooed in delight, and just as soon she had straddled him, and the flower petals were undulating, and he was sliding deep inside her perfect, tight, gloriously slick folds. She moaned and gasped, breaking off the kiss, arching her back from his half-willing thrusts. He opened his mouth to speak, but she shoved his face into her cleavage. Her ripe, green breasts were covered in the sweet, sticky nectar, and he found he couldn't help but lick.

And thrust.

The petals closed around them tightly, and he writhed in ecstasy as she began to milk him, just as before. He was already cumming inside her. She resumed the kiss with a throaty chuckle. Her eyes gleamed in triumph. Once again, you are mine, those eyes said.

Senya knew it. He knew, now, as she kissed him, as her nubile body pressed tightly against his, that he would never not be hers. He wasn't even sure he wanted to be. She could take him whenever she wanted. And she clearly wanted right now. From the way she was crying out, she wanted it a lot.

She wanted a lot. She wanted it all. Everything he could give her.
