 The rain pelted down on the two women like Thebinian sling bullets on a Gothmark horde. It made their night dash through the murky Breinden swamp all the more dangerous, but the duo didn't dare slow their pace — not when the beastly howls could still be heard over the downpour.

"Faster, Sera! I can still hear them!" Romica Fey Blood yelled to her halfling companion. 

"Easy for you to say, Romi!" the child sized-sized woman answered. "You've got the longer legs"

Romica was about to snap at the shorter woman when a deep and feral growl pierced through the sheets of rainfall. Both women froze at the awful sound and could actually feel the blood drain from their faces.

"Promise me, Romi," Sera said, her voice trembling, "You'll slit my throat — you're going to make it quick. I'm not going to be some worg's bitch! You promise!"

"No one is slitting anyone's throat, Sera — gods damn it!" Romica screamed, seizing the halfling by the shoulders. "No one is dying today, gods damn it!"

Romica caught herself before she started shaking her friend out of sheer frustration, and turned away from the sobbing halfling to calm down.

In truth, she was just as terrified as Sera, and for good reason. They were both poisoned, and Romica could already feel the toxin working through her body — especially between her legs. She knew that if they didn't find an antidote soon, both of them would be screwed in more ways than one. 

This was far from what the Valkovnian swordswoman thought a life of adventure would be. The daughter of a landed noblewoman and an elf knight-errant, Romica expected quests filled with excitement, fame and riches, ending with some quiet years in a country estate surrounded by attractive servants. 

Now it looks like I'm better off getting swallowed by this gods damned swamp! Romica told herself bitterly. Damn it, Romica — think! You're not dying here. You've got to find a way out. Got to...

"Romi, look!" Sera cried out, pointing into the gloom. Romica followed the halfling's gaze to a tiny flicker of light glowing in the distance. 

"The Vondberg Hills are over there," Romica said. 

"And probably filled with more things that can eat us," Sera replied. 

"We could always wait for your worg husband."

Without a word, Sera made a beeline for the light, and Romica raced after her into the dark swamp. 

* * *

The howls seemed to grow louder with their every step, pushing both half-elf and halfling even harder towards the light, as they hoped to the gods that they wouldn't run into some unseen tree trunk or hidden sinkhole. Luck was with them this night. The pair reached the foothills without accident or injury, and then their goal just behind a clump of bushes. 

"Wait," Sera said. "How do we know whoever is in there is friendly?"

"How do we know they're not?" Romica replied. "What I'm sure of is that we are going to some Khalistani harem if we stay out here."

"Out of the way," Sera said, rushing past the foliage.

"Wait up," Romica called out as she followed her friend. She soon found herself at the mouth of a very large cave, which opened into a long, and seemingly man-made cavern that echoed the light patter of Sera's booted feet. 

"I'll hide the entrance," Romica called to Sera. Then, she heard the halfling scream.

Drawing her longsword, Romica sprinted down the corridor and went straight for the light ahead. She ended up at another large cave mouth. 

"I'm here, Sera. Where... Oh Shit!"

Romica stopped dead in her tracks, right next to a similarly rooted halfling whose eyes, like hers, were fixed on the enormous man-like figure in front of them.

It was an ogre. 

Sitting as it was on the other end of a large fire pit, the creature looked to be at least a head taller than tallest Northman raider, with a body rippling with muscle. The ogre was naked from what Romica could see, its light brown skin glinting with a thin sheen of sweat. The giant was also clutching something between it legs, and this is what really caught the half-elf's attention. 

The ogre was holding the largest cock she had ever seen. 

Like a Velerian temple pillar, the huge sex stood proud, leaking pre-cum from its angry, helmet-like head. Despite her fear, Romica wet her lips as she stared at the sex lance before her. She imagined herself ripping off her clothes, impaling her pussy on the huge shaft, and going up and down its length until...

"Hey!"

Romica's head snapped up at the voice, and she found herself staring into the ogre's yellow eyes. 

"Do you mind!" The ogre said as he quickly covered himself up. His face was bright red.

* * *

Harl could not believe how bad his luck has been. Last night, it was the bobcat that literally scratched his ass awake when it chased a hare into his bedroll. This morning, it was his ill-advised shortcut through the Breinden, which almost drowned him in flash floods and mud. 

Now, just when he thought he could dry out, relax and enjoy a few moments remembering how a naked Lady Ameline slid up between his legs, enveloped and caressed his shaft with her pillowy breasts while her raven-haired head bobbed up and down his cock, sucking its angry head — these two show up. 

Damn! Harl cursed inwardly. Father always said ogres were a luckless race, but this is ridiculous! 

"S-stand back!" The taller woman commanded, drawing her sword as she spoke. 

This can't be happening! Romi dreaded inwardly. A gods-damned ogre! If he attacks now, we're dead! 

"I'm not going to hurt you," the ogre grumbled as he wrapped a blanket around his waist. "Just let me explain."

"I said stand back, monster!" The taller woman repeated, brandishing her blade at the giant. 

"You know, it's rude to point a sword at someone in his own home."

"Well it will get a lot ruder if you don't stay away!" The shorter one, a halfling, spat in anger as she scooted next to her friend. 

"Ruder is not a word," Harl replied. "If you're going to intimidate someone, you should at least be grammatically accurate."

"Don't correct her, monster!" the taller woman screamed. "We're not taking any lessons from a stupid ogre!"

"Great, more insults," Harl said. "May I remind you that I'm not the one who's trespassing here?"

"Gods damn you, ogre!" The tall woman screamed hysterically. "I swear I'll run you through! I'll kill you! Damn it, just leave us alone!"

The outburst took Harl by surprise. It didn't sound like an angry threat coming out of the woman's mouth, but more like a desperate bluster to hide panic and fear. Instead of answering, the ogre took stock of his visitors. 

Slight elfin features shone through the soaked brown tresses of the swordswoman. Probably a half-elf, Harl thought. Despite the frightened trembling of her hand, she held her blade expertly, and looked to have a well-toned fencer's body under the light duelers' vest and leathers she wore. 

The halfling too seemed dressed for adventure, clothed as she was in leather armor with a matching rogue's bandoleer worn across her chest. All of which moved in harmony with the halfling's obviously limber form.

Both had the look of veteran sellswords, quite capable of handling themselves in a scrap, making their panicky demands and terrified demeanor totally out of place. Something was not right.

"Wait. Calm down, you two," Harl said, "I'm not here to eat you or anything. I want to help." 

"Save it, monster!" The halfling said. "You can take your help and shove it up your..."

A loud guttural howl cut off the halfling's harangue, and insults soon turned into screams of terror as the two women literally jumped at the awful sound, before fleeing to the far cave wall.

"Oh great, more visitors." Harl grumbled and stomped over to the cavern corridor.

* * *

"Godsohgodsohgodsohgods! Romi, what are we going to do?" Sera asked. "If that ogre won't eat us, it will be the harem for sure. Romica, we have to do something!"

"Ohhhh!" Was all Romica answered followed by an ominous clanging of metal on stone as the half-elf dropped her sword.

"Romi?" Sera asked, turning to her friend. The halfling's eyes widened in horror as she watched her friend jam her hands into her pants to desperately fondle the spot between her legs. Romica's face flushed red and her eyes shut tight, all testifying to the inhuman lust that had taken her over.

"No!" Sera gasped. "It's started!"

* * *

"We want the women," A gravelly, menacing, voice demanded in perfect goblin. The order took the ogre aback, not that he hadn't been threatened before, but from where it was coming from surprised him. Three worg-riding goblins had entered the cavern, and each of their flat, green colored faces were masks of utter contempt. 

"Woman-things mine!" Harl screamed at the trio. "You leave, or I make you into food!"

"You will give what is Gormak's, you stupid piece of shit! Son of an Elf! Kobold's bitch! Orc Whore!" A goblin spat. 

Well that didn't work, Harl said silently, as the goblin continued to swear at him. Looks like they're made of sterner stuff. Hold on.

Out of the corner of his eye, Harl noticed the other goblins moving their worgs into fighting positions, with one moving to the side to flank him while another discreetly fit an arrow to his bow. 

They're trying to ambush me! Harl realized. Damn, that takes balls for a goblin, especially with an ogre breathing down their neck. What in the hells am I up against? 

Harl looked closer at his opponents. Normally, these child-sized creatures would cower at a giant like him defending his cave. The goblins bared their fangs, all of them eagerly clutching their small but well-made weapons and looking comfortable in their quality black leather armor.

Their worgs stood out as well. The gray fur and a blackish snout marked the wolf-like creatures as Shadow Fell Worgs, a particularly intelligent but vicious pack of monsters. Only the largest of goblin tribes could ever attempt to tame even one of their number — and these goblins commanded three. 

Why the hell didn't you bring your sword? Harl scolded himself. What are you going to do? Fight them with half a hard-on? 

"Dog whore, are you deaf?" The goblin screamed. "You will give what is Gormak's, or face the wrath of the Gray Striders!"

"No! Me Cavemaster!" Harl answered, moving towards the foul-mouthed goblin. "Me Strong! Me crush you tiny head!"

As he moved forward, Harl could see the other goblin get ready to pounce, and he guessed an arrow would be trained on him soon. 

Right, they still think I'm stupid. Better prove them wrong, you dumb ogre. 

On cue, the goblin to his side launched his worg into the air and into Harl, confident in his surprise attack. Neither creature saw Harl's sudden backhand smash into them, slamming worg and rider into the wall. Both fell into a heap on the cold ground. 

The ogre then quickly shed the blanket around his waist and whipped it in front of him, slapping away an oncoming arrow. The swearing goblin finally got into the act, his sword slashing at his naked opponent's legs while his worg snapped at Harl's feet. 

Harl dodged and sidestepped the duo's attacks as he ducked away from the goblin archer's whizzing arrows. The ogre knew he couldn't keep up this dance forever, and searched for any opening he could exploit. It came swiftly when his movements maneuvered the worg and his rider into the cave wall. Harl then feinted the goblin into striking thin air, exposing the monster's flank. 

The ogre quickly lashed out with a powerful kick, sending both creatures into the stone wall with a hard crunch. The blow killed the worg instantly, and stunned its rider. Harl then followed-up with a quick, smashing heel to the moaning goblin's head, silencing him forever. 

His companions weren't so quiet, howling at the giant as they recklessly attacked with bow and steed. It was also a dead giveaway for what they had planned. Easily dodging another arrow, Harl made another quick crouch as the other worg rider sailed over his head. The ogre then grabbed the goblin as its worg was in mid-jump and hurled it down the cavern corridor, just as the archer loosed another arrow. 

The shaft pierced the hurled goblin's skull in-flight, and its dead body smashed into the goblin archer, ruining his bow. A grunt of approval left the ogre's lips as he took a moment to gloat and admire his work. The celebration was short though, as the now riderless worg caught sight of Harl's long, dangling sex. Growling, the creature charged at Harl's fleshy shaft and snapped at it with its jaws. Harl yelped in panic at the worg's attack, barely escaping its sharp teeth. 

"You tried to bite my dick!" The ogre screamed. 

A sudden and palpable rage built up in the giant, creating an aura of violence that even the worg retreated from. It was a hesitation that it wouldn't live to regret, as the towering ogre exploded into a frenzy of anger, rushing the beast and seizing it in his vise-like grip. 

"You fucking tick-bag, you tried to bite me!" Harl screamed, slamming the unfortunate worg into the cave wall again and again, until it was an unrecognizable mess of fur and blood. 

Dropping the mashed corpse, Harl's furious glare landed on the remaining goblin and worg. Instead of running, as most goblins would do when facing uneven odds, the creature stood his ground. 

"Gormak will avenge me!" The goblin cried out as he raised his sword and urged his worg to charge. The angry ogre ran at his attacker as well, giving out a loud battle cry as he met the goblin's advance. Like his pack mate, the slavering worg leapt at the giant, intent on tearing out his throat, but Harl was the quicker of the two and caught the worg as it jumped. 

The ogre violently drove his knee into the worg, shattering its ribcage. Its rider fell to the ground, stunned. Discarding the worg carcass, Harl ran towards the prone goblin and gave it a mighty kick, slamming into its torso and launching it into the cavern ceiling. The goblin hit the stone above so hard that its skull cracked. The dead monster fell to the ground — now a few inches shorter — where it finally stayed motionless. 

* * *

"Well, your friends won't be bothering you anymore," Harl said as he returned to the fire pit. "A little help would have been great, though." Going into a battle rage was exhausting for the ogre warrior, and he hoped that still had some of his father's pick-me-up tonic. 

"What did those little buggers want with you anyway?" Harl asked, rummaging through his pack. "Nothing good, I assume. Aha, here it is!" Popping open a vial he found, Harl gulped down the tonic his father brewed and immediately felt a wave of invigorating energy that eliminated his berserker fatigue. Behind him, he heard the low moans of his female guests. 

"Tired as well, eh? Drink some of this and you'll feel better in no time. My father calls it the Crimson Bull. Don't ask me why." 

With another tonic in hand, the ogre finally turned to his companions "The name's Harl, by the..." 

Harl was struck dumb at the sight he laid his eyes on. 

The half-elf was on her back, her drenched trousers bunched around her ankles, exposing her porcelain, widespread legs — still wet from the rain. Her hand reached between her thighs, thrusting a pair of fingers in and out of her already sopping pussy. Her other hand opened up her vest and reached into her damp shirt, cupping a full, milky-hued breast, kneading it and tweaking its upturned nipple. 

The halfling was also on the floor with her pants circling her feet. She was face down, lewdly moaning as she stuck out her cute bare buttocks at Harl. Both of her tiny hands fondled her privates, with one hand furiously strumming her clit while the other stabbed her ass with her middle finger, noisily squishing as it thrust in and out.

Despite the lust on their faces, the two women didn't look like they were enjoying themselves. 

"What in the hells are you two doing?" Harl asked.

"P-poison!" Sera croaked. "Lilith's Kiss!"

"Goblin slavers," Romi moaned. "Drugged us. P-please help."

"Oh crap!" Harl cursed. His father had told him about Lilith's Kiss, the slaver's toxin that could make even the most chaste Helvian priestess into a raving sex fiend. It was mostly used by depraved eastern sheiks that snatched up young and attractive men and women for their harems. Most of these victims rarely survived more than a year, as the poison quickly uses up the body and mind. 

An anti-toxin brewed by the slavers was the only cure. That is, until Harl's Father had told him of another antidote. 

"All right." Harl said. "Don't panic, you two. I know how to get the poison out of you."

"What?" Romi asked as she sat up. "You have an antidote?"

"Well, not exactly."

"What do you mean, not exactly?" Romi screamed. Forcing herself up, the half-elf hopped towards the ogre in a rage, even as she continued to awkwardly piston her fingers in and out of her pussy. 

"You have to have the cure, or you don't!" Romi screamed, hammering her fist into his chest as she howled. "You have it, don't you? Tell the truth, you damn ogre! Give it to us!"

"Get a hold of yourself!" Harl said, fending her off. "There's no antidote, but I know of another cure. But, we have to leave here now."

"Why?" Sera chimed in, standing as well with her fingers still stabbing at her privates. "You're going to take us to your kitchen, aren't you? Put us in a pot to cook us! Eat us!"

"What is it with you two and cannibals? We have to leave here because the Erhine river will be coming through that cavern any moment." 

"H-how do you know?" Romi slurred, suddenly leaning on the giant.

"You broke the rune circle when you entered the cave. You must have if you went through the bushes. Always told father that he should enchant something more permanent."

"And why should we believe a word you say?" Sera asked. 

Just then, the deafening sound of rushing water roared into he cavern, immediately extinguishing the fire pit and plunging it into darkness. The screams of the women again echoed in the cave, but their panic was cut short as surprise engulfed both Romica and Sera when large hands suddenly scooped them up. 

"As I said we have to get out of here. Are you well?" 

With his night eyes piercing the darkness, he looked at his two semi-dressed guests. He held the half-elf to his chest, while cradling the halfling in his other arm. Even if he could only see in black and white, he figured that the halfling had lost some color to her face, with the frightening darkness and all. The half-elf's features took on a blank and emotionless look.

The woman at his chest then tilted up her head, somehow locking her eyes onto his in spite of the deep gloom. A lewd smile crossed Romi's face.

"I want your cock," Romi said seductively. "I want to fuck your big, fat cock!" She then jumped onto Harl, wrapping her arms and legs around his neck and torso. To Romi's joy her moist pussy landed right on the head of Harl's upturned cock which she immediately began sliding against. 

"Gods, yes!" Romica squealed, humping the surprised ogre in the darkness. "I want you inside me! Tear me up! Ram into me!"

"Hey, stop that!" Harl commanded, trying to keep his balance and hold of the halfling. "You're going to drown us!"

"Lilith has taken her," The halfling said. "That's what it does. All you think about is sex. And once your body is used up, they throw you away, letting your mind rot until you turn into a drooling bag of abused flesh, pathetically begging for an orgasm." 

"Gods!" the halfling continued, "Are you happy now? Seraphina Highhill has drunk her succubus juice! Are we even for that Rat God Eye I stole? Well, am I? Oh, Ogre, just let me drown! Let me drown..." 
