 Goblin's Note: This is the penultimate chapter of the story. Don't start here.

As a big ol' summary: Mommy the holstaur has acquired the Verdant Star, a gemstone which has been magically "hacked" (through nymph tickling) to channel all its power through its wielder and grant them great mind control powers. Bobbin and Jerrod are readying to face Mommy and Miss Scarlet, determined to regain control over their highly profitable "prison". Meanwhile, Senya's sister Anya and a doppelganger and kitsune face off against Lala, Lata and Sylvia, Thriae who seek to summon their whole hive down to claim the Ranch's inhabitants.

Outside the gates, a group of the native warriors known as the Crows are marching towards the Ranch, led by a shapeshifting cat fey named Komori (not to be confused with Kemuri, a hookah-smoking gancanagh also working with the Crows). Their purpose is ambiguous, but they are no friends to the Masters, and have been collaborating with Valina and Mommy to some extent.

With no further ado, let's get right to it.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

"That's enough of this." With a heady sigh, Kemuri the gancanagh blew a great puff of sweet smoke into the air.

The smoke drifted up into a colorful cloud of around ten fairies, and as it suffused them, their insectile eyes slowly grew dazed and confused. Their flashing lights became slower and dimmer, and Kemuri noticed the mortal Crows recovering slightly from the hypnosis the fairies had put them under.

"Good sweets," Kemuri cooed—not unkindly, in his opinion—as the pretty little things slowly wafted down. He appreciated the male fairies' bodies aesthetically, of course, but as a gancanagh, it was his nature to favor the female form, and so he ogled their nubile bodies eagerly. "Easy does it. Eeeasy does it."

Nearby, the snail-like sazae-oni giggled, petting the four fairies who had gotten stuck in her soft, sticky, massive cleavage. "Goood sweeeets," she sang, her voice as unpleasantly mosquito-like as ever—though to her victims, Kemuri knew, it would sound as melodic as a songbird's.

Meanwhile, the cat fey Komori was walking around, her tail flicking behind her, as she painstakingly awoke every mortal—and some of the fey, including a rookie catgirl and a bamboo dryad—from the fairies' spell. "We have to hurry," she remarked, as she snapped her fingers in the face of a dazed-looking older human. "If they have fairies patrolling, they must know someone's coming. Or things are completely destabilizing."

Kemuri patted the sword at his hip and nodded. Seng was already stomping towards the gate, the jami's eyes peeled for any additional winged marauders. None yet—at least so far—but Kemuri respected Seng's caution. The bigfooted lout.

"Be careful," Komori said. The bakeneko hurried after Seng. Kemuri and the others rushed to catch up as they drew near the gate, which was currently ominously open.

"Why?" Seng asked, raising an eyebrow as she examined the gate. "Can't you tell? The wards are down."

A murmur went through the human Crows, but to Komori and the fey, this was not news. "I know that," she said, drawing level with Seng next to the wall, "but we still aren't sure exactly what—"

And Komori cut off abruptly. Her head jerked, as though a fly had startled her. Her lips moved, but no sound escaped them. She blinked rapidly.

She and Seng both swayed slightly. A split-second later, Kemuri felt it, too, and he gasped as the strange force washed over him like warm, molten butter.

Behind him, he heard the catgirl whimpering. The fairies on the ground were moaning, too weak-willed from the smoke to even hope to resist this new threat.

But Kemuri did try. He felt the force pressing on his mind, and with an angry puff on his hookah, he tried. Submission was unnatural to a gancanagh. He felt that soft, gentle grip, and stubbornly thrashed against it.

He heard the fairies whispering something in a chorus he couldn't quite make out. Whatever it was, it made his knees weak.

"What..." The snail girl was panting. "What iiiiis..."

The catgirl was the first to break.

"I love Mommy," he heard her whimper.

Oh. Kemuri swallowed. Oh, that sounded so... so...

"I love Mommy," echoed Komori and several of the humans, their voices weak.

Kemuri's eyes widened. He trembled, lunging towards a bamboo stalk to stay upright. "N-no..." the short, curvaceous fey gasped. It was such a petty, weak assault, like being blocked by a fence of twigs.

But he hadn't been ready. The force had slipped past his guard while he'd been unaware, and now, like a person who'd already yielded too much ground in an arm wrestle, every inch of his mind was harder and harder to defend. He felt the force washing over him, and it felt so, so good to give in...

"I love Mommy," the catgirl, dryad, Komori and the humans moaned in unison. "I love Mommy."

"S-stop," he cried, even as the hookah fell from his hands.

"I love Mommy." Now he heard Seng's voice join the chorus, dull and empty, along with the rest. He heard slick noises, and knew the catgirl had started to stroke herself—to edge herself, to make herself nice and mindless and obedient for Mommy. "I love Mommy."

Kemuri whimpered, pinching one of his nipples. His lip quivered. "I..." The force washed all around him, warm, inviting. "I... I love..." He couldn't fight. Couldn't resist. It was too easy to give in. It was too late to resist. It was time to surrender. "I... love..."

~~~~

Senya loved his Mommy.

He loved her so, so much.

He lay on the floor of the dining room, his body totally limp, totally helpless, and he loved that, too. Kitten was on her hands and knees between his legs, with his thick cock head in her mouth, the tip between her lips, daintily sucking and licking him, and he loved her and what she was doing to him, too.

He wasn't sure how long she'd been sucking him like this, her eyes shining with glee. Minutes? Hours? Days? He felt like he hadn't orgasmed in years. It was heaven. Kitten had thoughtfully given him a throw pillow to rest his head on, allowing him to stare as through entranced into her shining catlike eyes as she gently suckled his cock.

He could lie here forever. And he really, truly wanted to. With every sweet suck, every tender lick, every bat of her beautiful eyes, his mind melted just a little bit more for Kitten's will.

He wasn't sure why Mommy had decided to leave both of them here, but he had a feeling this was part of it. Mommy loved him being weak. When he'd resisted, she had wanted to purge that resistance, even if it meant losing Kitten's support in the battle to come. Mommy wasn't too smart when she was horny.

And, Senya thought proudly, neither was he.

He was just a dumb little bimbo toy for Mommy. For Kitten. For whoever wanted him.

And he knew now, deep down, the truth Sylvia had sucked out of him before: that this was not just some suggestion planted in him, or some shameful half-felt kink that these monsters had taken advantage of and twisted into something perverted.

It was what he truly, utterly wanted.

So Senya couldn't fight. He didn't want to fight. He wanted to be broken, to melt, to be a helpless, obedient plaything for his Mistresses. So he would let Mommy do whatever she wanted to him. He knew it would feel so, so good.

"Mm..." Kitten giggled, clearly seeing the look of happy defeat on his face. Her tongue lapped along his tongue like a cat drinking milk, and he gasped. He was so close. So, so close.

The trouble was, Senya found, understanding all of that didn't help him. It didn't help him break like he wanted to. In all the daydreams and forgotten scenes and, well, real seductions he had experienced on the Ranch, he had often subconsciously fantasized about being forced to accept the truth about his desires, and breaking totally, melting down completely. Bobbin or Brigitte or Tricin would explain to him what he knew, deep down inside, and he would be lost forever, a blissful little horny toy.

But it wasn't happening. He knew what he wanted. But... he wasn't mindless at all. Horny and obedient, yes, oh, gods, yes. But... he hadn't melted.

Because, Senya realized, biting his lip to contain a squeak...

Even if his fate was to be lost to some temptress or another, to lose his friends, family and hobbies to his lusty, wretched fantasy, he had unfinished business here.

"K-Kitten," he whispered. "I... I c-can't resist."

"Mm!" Kitten beamed at him and pulled off his cock to give it several affectionate kisses before resuming her gentle suckling.

"I... can't fight you. I can't resist a-a—ah!—anything you want, because... I want it too." His voice was high-pitched and frail as she ran her claws tenderly over his inner thighs, gently tickling him. "I want to be an... oh, g-gods, an empty-headed bimbo, and you can turn me into one, and... and there's nothing I c-can do about it. I want to beg you to do whatever you want to me."

His cock throbbed as he said the words. His heart raced. Oh, how he wanted it. How he craved submission. And if this was the only way he could get it, then so be it. He would be a happy slave. "Because I want it. Oh, gods, I want all of it, Kitten."

Kitten's eyes had gone slightly foggy. She stared at him eagerly, and he could tell just how utterly horny she was, just how tempted she was, in spite of her orders, to just jump him right then and there and bounce on him until they were both squealing, leaking wrecks.

"But... but you don't." Senya's voice trembled. "You don't want this, Kitten."

Kitten blinked. She gave a confused whine.

"Maybe a little bit," he admitted, shivering as her relaxed expression returned and her tongue swirled around his cock. "But you... you don't w-want this. You d-don't deserve it. Kitten, please... please listen to your slave, your pet, your horny plaything." He reached down and weakly petted her hair. "Please resist. Oh, please. Oh, please, please let your good boy c-convince you... you have to fight it, Kitten. Please. Fight it. Fight back, Valina."

~~~~

Some minutes earlier...

Outside the farmhouse, battle lines were being drawn.

Out the front door strolled Laca and Vinifera, the holstaur and her faithful wine dryad. Laca wore a mid-length frilly pink skirt and went otherwise naked, her massive, pale breasts on full display. Her silver hair was elegantly braided around her two curved bull's horns, ad her hazel eyes gleamed with promise.

Waiting in the yard outside stood the lithe Bobbin, the brawny human stockman Jerrod, five straw-blonde scarecrows and, up in the sky, fifty buzzing fairies, cleverly concealed within a low-flying cloud that fooled no one.

Bobbin stood with one hand on her hip, her shag cut brown hair gleaming in the late light. The holstaur walked forward, a wide, indulgent smile on her face.

"Hello, Bobbi," she cooed. In her hand, the calm, warm green glow of the Verdant Star flashed and glimmered between her fingers.

Bobbin smiled back coyly, wiggling her fingers a little in a mocking wave. "Hello, holstaur."

"Aw." The holstaur giggled. "Why not use my real name, Bobbi? I know you know it, Bobbi."

Bobbin visibly swallowed. That old pet name still had an effect. So did the holstaur's, which was why she was trying to avoid it.

"You're finished," she said at last. "Stop this now, before we have to spill any blood. There's no way for you to win this. You're outnumbered and outmaneuvered."

"And you, sweet baby, are outgunned." The holstaur held up the gem for emphasis, giving a coy grin. "And, um, Bobbi?"

"Yes, M—" The hob's face went bright red as she cut herself off.

The holstaur's smile widened. "Who do you love, Bobbi?"

And the gem's energies flooded outward like a dam had just burst. Green warmth, tinged with gold, washed over Bobbin, Jerrod and the scarecrows in waves of sheer power. Up above, little squeals echoed in the cloud as the fairies, too, were hit.

Jerrod groaned and staggered. The scarecrows' hands flew to their eyes, and they all started trembling.

But the bulk of the energies hit Bobbin. Her eyes widened, and her lips parted. Her bottom lip was quivering. The hob tried to speak, but the waves just kept hitting her, until she could only gasp and whimper. Again and again they struck her, and each time, her stance wobbled. She was breathing heavily.

Her eyes went dull as she fell to one knee.

"I..." She swallowed. "I love..." Her eyes screwed shut in furious effort as she silenced the words. Instead, a long whine escaped the furry house fey.

"B-Bobbin," Jerrod gasped, leaning on his greatclub for support, "I c-can't... can't..."

"Poor babies," Mommy said, smiling widely. She grinned at the half-kneeling Bobbin, reaching up to squeeze one nipple until just a little bit of moisture came out. "Well Bobbi?" she cooed. "Who do you love?"

There was a long pause as the gem continued to throb.

"I..." Bobbin's voice was quiet. Kittenish, even. Soft and weak. "I... love... Mommy."

Mommy's look was positively rapturous. She advanced, beaming, and cupped the hob by the chin. She licked her lips as the hob stared up into Mommy's eyes, her own gaze dull and docile.

"Oh, my baby," she cooed, "I know you do."

"... s," said Bobbin.

Mommy tutted, casting an amused glance at Jerrod, whose eyes were screwed shut as he, too, fell to one knee. "What was that?"

"I... love... Mommy's..." Bobbi took a deep breath, then smiled brightly. "Stupid, slutty udders."

Mommy blinked.

She reared back with a very un-motherly shriek as Jerrod's cudgel came swinging directly at her head, followed in short order by Bobbin's own sharp falchion slashing toward her ankles.

"I also love how confident poor Mommy can be," Bobbin cooed, as the holstaur scrabbled back, "when she's nice and dumb and horny. Now!"

Laca whirled as she heard a shriek, and saw that behind her, Lady Vinifera was being engulfed in a swarm of sparkling fairies. The swarm was so thick, Laca couldn't tell who was winning.

She turned back, eyes wide, as Bobbin tossed aside the sword and raised her hand, glowing with magical energies. "Silly Mommy," she said sweetly, "has only just started to play with that toy of hers. It takes time, dumb hucow. A prepared victim can easily shrug it off if its user is inexperienced."

Laca shivered, eying Bobbin's hand with considerably more wariness than she had the sword. But she smiled. "Oh, well. You always had fun playing with crops and chains, but Mommy never needed toys to make her Bobbi behave, did she?"

Bobbin gritted her teeth as the scarecrows advanced alongside her. "When we're through with you, just the word 'toy' is gonna make you melt like an ice cube in a succubus's pussy."

"Oh?" The holstaur laughed. "and what about when you're through with them, darling?"

Bobbin blinked. "Eh?"

"Bobbin!" shouted one of the scarecrows "There's—YAAGH!"

Bobbin's head shot back.

The scarecrows and Jerrod whirled about to defend themselves as a band of cloaked fey and humans emerged from the hazelnut grove and charged at their ranks. The scarecrows brandished swords and kisses alike, desperately weaving to avoid the blades, smoke and assorted fey mischief of the brainwashed Crows.

Bobbin glared at Mommy, even as her heart pounded in her chest. "You just don't know when to quit, do you?"

Mommy smiled and shook her head, even as her hand reached back up to her breast and started to stroke. "Oh, sweetie... when we're finished playing today, neither will you!"

~~~~

"Valina," Senya whimpered, "oh, please, please, resist. Resist for your good boy. Please. Ah!" His hips bucked, but the near-orgasm was cut off before it could even start as the kitten stopped and pulled off, licking her lips. "Please!" he cried.

The catgirl had gotten careless, and so she waited for his arousal to die down a little before returning to edging her boy. As she waited, she smiled at him. "Silly Senya," Kitten cooed. "Silly, horny boy!"

"Yes." Senya shivered. "Silly, horny boy. But silly horny boy needs Mistress's help. Mistress h-has to be strong for her plaything, yes?"

It came so easily. All of the submission, all of the self-degradation. Valina shivered at every word, and so did he. They both knew how right it sounded. They both knew it was what he deserved.

But Senya knew this was more than Valina deserved to go through. More than anyone deserved. "Valina must be strong," he whimpered. "For her kittytoy. Please... please..."

Valina blinked.

After a long pause, she leaned down and gave the tip of his cock a tiny little lick; he jumped. Giggling, she gave another. And another. And another.

It only took eight licks for him to be rendered a squirming, whimpering mess.

"V-Valina!" he cried. "Oh, Valina! Oh, Mistress!"

She giggled, but did not speak. Just continued to lick. Down below, her fingers tickled his balls, and he moaned loudly.

Her tongue sped up. His gasps turned to short screams. "P-please," he managed, "oh, fuck, I—Mistress—please—strong—"

She lathered his cock with slick saliva, spiraling her tongue around his throbbing, needy cock. She stared at it lovingly, then at him with equal affection. Her licks were getting longer. Wetter. And so were his moans.

And he realized, as her lips slipped over his head once more, that she was going to make him cum.

"Oh—" He trembled, the breath leaving him as she gave him one long slurp after another. "Oh, V—Val—"

She moaned loudly as her lips slid up and down his shaft. Her head was bobbing in his lap, and all the while she stared at him in total lust, lusting for that look in his eyes. The look of utter compliance. Utter need.

He stared into her eyes, and his lip quivered. He couldn't speak. Couldn't think. Her eyes sparkled with triumph.

He started to pant. Then, as her tongue started slowly swirling around his cock, to moan. 

"Valina," he managed, as she moaned again, "I—you—oh, fuck—oh, yes, I—please—yes—oh my—oh gods—"

With a giggle, the catgirl slid her lips all the way down to to the base of his shaft, deepthroating him with the hunger that only belonged to Kitten. And Kitten had him.

And Senya came. He squealed in submissive delight as pleasure flooded his system, his mind, as his cock throbbed and let burst its payload into her slurping mouth. He watched in rapturous awe as she guzzled it all down without even losing stride. He bucked and writhed, totally overwhelmed by her eager, sucking lips.

At last, the catgirl pulled back off with a satisfied sigh. She started licking and kissing his cock, cleaning him up with happy little mews and mms. Senya lay flat on the floor, his mind spinning. Spiraling. Deeper and deeper down with every lick, every kiss, every amused giggle and kittenish moan.

He loved Kitten.

Loved Kitten so, so much.

A stupid smile spread across his face, and his eyes drifted closed as sweet pleasure filled his mind. Loved her so, so, so much.

Would love her forever.

~~~~

"Senya."

His eyes fluttered, but did not open. He could tell Kitten was speaking to herself, not to him.

The catgirl's voice was soft, wistful. "Senya," she said again. "Such a... pretty name."

Senya's eyes opened.

Valina smiled down at him, then offered her hand.

Slowly, Senya's groggy, lusty, needy, obedient brain wrapped itself around this gesture, and her words.

"You..." Senya stared at her hand in wonder, noticing how it was still slick with her and his juices. He reached forward and took it, his head still numb, still awash in the afterglow. "You were just playing with me."
