 John and Emily were on their way home from a movie. They had only been dating a few weeks but we're taking things slow. She was this cute brunette that John had seen at a bar for weeks before he worked up the nerve to ask her out. As John was walking her home it was a fairly quiet night, however Emily hadn't noticed the puddle of pink slime she had walked thru outside her apartment coming up through a Crack in the ground.

As John went to say goodnight Emily suddenly felt a rush to her head and stumbled a little, John caught her so she didn't fall. Not sure what was coming over her she asked John to help her into her apartment.

As they walked into her apartment she switched on the lights and dropped her purse on the coffee table. She stopped a moment trying to clear her head, she was not feeling like herself, she started to feel not only light headed but suddenly very very horny.

"Are you feeling better?" John asked in almost a concerned voice.

"I um... I don't know, I just don't feel right," she said with a worried look on her face.

She stumbled again as John rushed to catch her.

"Woah, maybe we should take you to the hospital," he said as her caught her. Suddenly he felt her hand on the back of his neck pulling him towards her planting his lips on hers. Her other hand reached for his belt buckle. John pulled back "wait uh what are you doing?" He asked her kind of surprisingly.

She stood up and before she would answer she pushed him down onto the couch and climbed on top straddling him and said I want you inside me" in a low sexy voice before kissing him again.

John was in a confused state over what was happening. He wanted Emily so bad but there seemed like something wasn't right about her. His worry began to turn to lust as she was rubbing up against the swelling member in his pants. Emily still had her heels on and neither one of them had notices the bubbling goop dripping off them and on too Johns pant leg. The little black dress she was wearing suddenly ripped off of her and flew across room, all the while Johns pants had seem to start unzipping themselves and we're also being pulled off by seemingly invisible hands. John pulled himself up shoving his face into her perky breasts licking them and cupping them with his hands. Without either one of them realising it, their underwear was gone and she slid herself down on his stiff cock. Both of them could feel this rush of heat through their bodies, and this tingling all over, it was almost euforic, all while the slime was multiplying and dripping off her shoes on to the couch and floor. The slime didnt remove her shoes because it like being close to this new sensation it had discovered from Sara.

Emily rode his cock like a maniac and John enjoyed every moment of it. The slime was forming a puddle around around the couch and a tentacle began to rise out of the puddle and stretch up towards the 2 of them, neither had noticed because her back was to it and Johns couldn't see past her. It inched it's way up between Johns legs and began to feel around his balls with every touch it increased his pleasure. The slime began to engulf his balls and his shaft working it's Way around his throbbing cock and up into her as well. The slime was where it wanted to be, in the epicenter of the pleasure it wanted. Once it was completely around his dick it Began to work it's Way inside his shaft and inside her pussy wanting complete control of his and her pleasure. The 2 of them were in such a state of euforia the couldn't comprehend what was happening to them both. The pleasure built and built while the slime enjoyed itself filling up his shafts making it buldge even more filling Emily up inside to the point she screamed her pleasure, they both needed to cum but something was stopping them, it's was almost maddening. 

Without them noticing one of the lounge chairs had slid over behind Emily, and suddenly two arms ripped out of the chair grabbing her pulling her off of John and into the chair. John tried to reach for her until two arms ripped through the couch holding him down. Both were pinned down to their seats but the they still had the intense feeling that they needed to cum, it almost overwhelmed their other sences. Another hand reached out of the couch, it looked demonic and yet feminine and grabbed Johns cock and another one came up between Emily's legs as well, almost like they were from the same creature. The 2 of them were scared but the urge to cum kept overwriting that fear. The hand around Johns cock began to pump while the other stuck 2 figures into Emily and withing second the both erupted. Johns cock started spraying slime strait up covering the ceiling and rain back down upon them both while Emily sprayed all over the rest of the room so when they had both finished there was slime everywhere and John dick had returned to normal size but was now also limp and drained.

John tried to get up. The hands that were holding him had retreated back into the couch along with the ones holding Emily but neither one of them had the strength to stand. He looked over at Emily who had fallen unconscious before he fell asleep as well. The slime that was now covering everything in Emily living room had started to drip through a split in the floor down to the apartment below.

To be continued!