 Sara awoke back at the firehouse not sure of what had just happened to her. She saw the slime dripping from all over the room and her body still covered with it. In a panic she grabbed a towel wiping off what she could before she grabbed her clothes and ran out of there.

Once she got home she jumped into the shower trying not to wake her roommate Jill. She finished up and dried herself off trying to come to terms with what happened earlier that night.

Sara laid in her bed trying to figure out she was going to tell the ghostbusters, and whether or not she should ever go back. What could she have done differently to prevent the slime from escaping when she suddenly heard a knock at the door.

Wondering who would be knocking this early in the morning she walked to the door and looked through the peep hole only to see a woman standing in the hall in a pink night gown. Confused by what she saw she opened the door and asked "um... can I help you?" 

The busty brunette smiled at her before she raising her hand in the air and in almost like magic Sara was lifted off her feet and floating in the air As the woman walked into the apartment shutting the door behind her. As Sara floated she felt this warming sensation throughout her body moving around almost tickling her.

"What the... Who...oh... who are you, oh my... what... what do you want" she managed to stumble out while floating in the air unable to move.

The woman smiled again before she finally spoke "we are here to thank you Sara" she said in what sounded almost like multiple feminine voices at once.

"For what?... who are you!" Sara struggled to say.

"You introduced us to this new sensation, this feeling that we never felt before! For so long we were fueled by anger and hatred. The ghostbusters showed us kindness but you showed us lust wich is so much better than both! However we have no name to speak of, but in this form I think you can call us Doll" She replied with a smirk.

"How are you ...uh... doing this, LET ME GO!" Sara screamed!

"There's no need to worry, we will not hurt you. We are still inside you from our first encounter, and as I said we are here to thank you" she said raising her hand again and Sara could feel the slime inside her moving around and focusing between her legs and In her breast's. Suddenly her clit began to move and out on its own and the walls of her pussy began rubbing together creating an amazing feeling, then her nipples began to pulse as the slime moved around inside her tits like they were being massaged from the inside.

Doll began to walk towards her and with a few waves of her hand Saras pajamas were gone leaving her floating there naked and writhing in ecstasy. Doll reached out and caressed the skin between her breast and down to her stomach which only added to Saras pleasure.

"What... are you...OMG... doing to me!" Sara blurted out, a prisoner to this woman's magic.

"We are changing your body so you can help us!" She replied still stroking her soft skin almost examining her as she floated.

"CHANGE?...oh my... what ...change?...you...said...oh Shit!!...you...wouldn't hurt me!!" Sara struggled to say.

"And we wont, your body is being changed so that you can absorb more energy for us! When we are done with you you'll be able to give us more power from having sex, you will enjoy this!" She explained to her.

Sara tried to fight against this spell she was under. "OH GOD... NO... PLEASE...UH."

But the pleasure was too powerful. She could feel her pussy changing as if it was become tighter and more flexible, she also felt her breast's begin to enlarge all while still feeling a euphoria she couldn't fight.

"Once you cum the process will be complete, then you can start enjoying yourself and make us stronger!" She said with a slight chuckle in her voice before she glanced over at Saras roommates door. "We will let you finish while we go have a little more fun" she said before walking towards Jills room!

"NO... DON'T HUR...AH...FUCK!!

Sara struggled to speak while Doll ignored her plea.

-----------

Jill was sound asleep when Doll walked in to her room to see what fun she could have with this young woman. Removing the blanket she saw a petite pretty brunette. Breast's weren't very large but perky enough. Doll wasn't sure if she wanted to play with her or change her like she was doing to Sara. She pondered before deciding she would be better use as Saras first meal but that doesn't mean she can't have a little fun. She noticed the radio in the corner of the room and smiled, she decided to try something different! So she slid down Jills panties only slightly and with her finger placed a few small drops of slime on her clit and then lifting her shirt and did the same on each nipple. She placed her panties back on her and went to leave but before she did she zapped the radio turning it on to the slimes favorite song, Higher and Higher. Doll left the room and closed the door behind 

"What the hell" Jill said half awake trying to focus on what was happening looking around the room trying to figure out how the radio turned on. "Sara, you home?" She called out to no answer. She began to get up to turn it off but stopped when she noticed something very odd between her legs. All of a sudden her pussy was vibrating and pulsing to the beat of the music. Soon her breast started doing this as well. "What the fuck" she blurted out trying to figure out what was going on but the rhythm and the feeling it was creating was making it hard to concentrate. She fell back on to her bed finding it difficult to stand, She looked down as her underwear flew off and hit the wall and her shirt ripped open revealing what her body was doing. Jill rubbed her eyes again not believing what she was seeing but it looked like her pussy was lip syncing the music and her nipples seemed to be singing back up while dancing and swaying back and forth and jiggling.

Jill was terrified by what was happening to her but she also couldn't help but notice that it felt amazing. She tried to get up again but the sensation between her legs made her wobble falling back to her bed, as the song progressed it brought her closer and closer to cumming. She could feel what could only be described as a tongue inside her pussy which it was using to lick every part from top to bottom as well as sing the song, this maid Jill writhe in ecstasy while her possessed pussy and breast made kept moving and dancing to the song which was getting close to the end and was bringing her closer to climax. As the song finally ended she arched her back giving in to her pleasure as her pussy spazmed and even squirted a little giving her an amazing orgasm! She laid there trying to catch her breath covered in sweat, before going to find Sara to tell her about what just happened. Suddenly she heard the channels start to change on the radio she tried to get up to turn it off but soon realised she couldn't get up, almost as if some magic was keeping her down. Suddenly the radio stopped and a new song began playing. Jill panicked when she heard the beginning notes to Free Bird and her pussy and breasts started to twitch again. "Oh Fuck no!"

------------------

Sara was still floating while the slime reworked her body for what seemed like forever "WHAT DI... DID...YOU DO...UH...TO HER?" Sara struggled to say. Doll just smiled at her and said "just something to keep her busy while you finish!" Doll headed for the front door and looked at Sara one more time and said "don't worry the process is almost complete and when you're finished your roommate will be waiting for you" 

"No... I wont...OH GOD!...DO it..." Sara stuttered to say.

Doll laughed and said "you say that like you have a choice, you don't control your pussy anymore, I do!" She walked over to her and kneeled down with her face near her pussy. "Make sure you get lots of energy for me!" She said before kissing Saras nether region between her legs and walking out the front door. "Have fun"

Sara now alone still floating noticed a light beginning to shine from between her legs as she began to finally cum. Nothing came out of her this time just a shot of electricity shot through her body giving her an intense orgasm that made her scream as she was gently laid down on the floor. The process was complete.

Sara laid there a few moments before waking up. She felt light headed but began to examine her body trying to see what Doll had done to her. She noticed that her breast had grown at least 2 sizes, she touched her nipples and this jolt of energy ran through her body that made her writhe and squirm. After the feeling subsided she said "what the fuck did she do to me" before sticking her hand down in to her pussy to examine and as her finger got close her pussy reached out to suck her finger which also sent an amazing feeling racing through her. It wasn't long before she began to feel a strong need for sex which brought her attention to her roommates door.

"NO I cant, I can't I can't!!" She said to herself over and over but soon her need became too strong to control and she got up and opened Jills door!