 Jill was covered in sweat as Free Bird finally came to an end leaving her spent to the point of exhaustion when Sara entered the room.

"Sara!" She breathed heavily "help me...radio!" She said point to the corner. Sara walked over slowly and turned it off. "Oh my god, thank you. I don't know of how much more I could have tak... Sara? Why are you naked? What the hell is going on here?"

Jill tried to sit up but was very weak. She began to notice a strange sent as Sara approached her. "What is the smell?" She asked taking a deep breath that made her lightheaded headed to the point her head fell back to her pillow.

Sara walked over to Jills bed side examine her sweaty shining body "im sorry about this" Sara said before climbing on top of her.

"What are you doi..." Jill was cut off by Saras lips against hers. She tried to pull away but the Scent coming from Sara was making her dizzy. Sara hands started caressing Jill touching her every where that got her turned on, massaging her perky breasts, pretty soon Jill was so week she gave Sara almost no resistance and just gave in. "wait...we can't...I mean...what's that...smell..." Jill muttered trying to protest. Sara worked her way all over Jill, kissing her neck before licking and sucking on her nipples sending wave after wave of pleasure through her. She worked her way down her stomach until she arrived at her pussy and began licking and teasing her clit. Sara knew she had to get Jill fully stimulated to get the most out of her. She sucked on Jills clit on last time before climbing back up towards her positioning her pussy above hers. Sara rubbed her crotch against Jills a few times before it began to drip slime and a tentacle came poking out of her and began exploring Jills sex. Jill looked down and almost panicked "What the hell... is...FUCK" Jill was stopped when the tentacle forced itself in to her pussy filling everywhere it could making her arch her back lifting her pelvis towards Sara.

"OH MY GOD... FUCK...SHIT!" Jill screamed as the slime tentacle began to pulse sending waves of orgasming delight that she almost couldn't bear. Suddenly Jills pussy began to glow a bright red color, the light began to travel up the tentacle and in to Sara like she was sucking energy from her. Jill didn't notice the glowing for she was squirming as if she were on sensory overload. "FUCK FUCK FUUUUCCKKKK" Jill screamed out as her pussy spazmed multiple times until it clamped down on the tentacle making her cum shooting wave after wave of energy in to Sara making her writhe in ecstasy as well. Sara began to rub herself grabbing her tits and enjoy this amazing feeling flowing in to her body. She absorbed as much as she could making her body glow Brite red draining Jill of all her sexual energy while she squirmed and spazmed below her in a maddeningly strong orgasm.

After Saras pleasure subsided and the tentacle retracted back in to her she looked down at Jill checking to see what she had done to her. "Jill? JILL? are you ok??" Shaking her a few times trying to wake her up. Sara began to panic worrying about what she had done to her roommate until she noticed that Jill was breathing but appeared to be in a deep sleep. Sara was relieved to find that she didn't kill her but was soon worried because she could feel the hunger building in her again.

Sara quickly got up and left the room not wanting to take any more from Jill She grabbed what clothes she could before she ran out of the apartment in nothing but a skirt and a shirt that could barely hold her newly formed breasts. Sara stood in the hallway trying to fight this feeling that was coming over her again. Soon her rationality began to change, not sure if it was the slime altering her mind or what but she thought to herself "well... I didn't kill Jill, and she seemed to enjoy most of it. Maybe this won't be such a bad thing"..."No I cant do it, she might be hurt or worse!" She struggle back and forth trying to fight the changes Doll made to her before a door down the hall opened and one of her neighbors Adam looked out in to the hall.

Adam looked at her with concern on his face. "Sara?" He asked "are you alright? Why are you standing out in the hall this early in the morning?"

Without thinking Sara replied "can I come inside" as Adam opened his door more inviting her in.

Adam shut the door behind him and invited Sara to sit down on his couch. "Is everything ok? You look a little stressed out about something" he asked looking at this girl who seemed to be breathing heavily and sweating.

Sara did not know Adam very well, they were neighbors and had a few classes together and we're always friendly but never really hung out or anything. But today she found herself staring at his crotch and looking away trying to keep her body in control until she heard Adam say "what is that scent you're wearing?" Taking a deep breath "It smells amazing" he said before shaking his head appearing to be light headed. It was then Sara realised what Jill meant when asked about a smell, she was releasing pheromones or something that the slime created to make people more submissive.

"I gotta go" she blurted out before heading to the door but soon her pussy began to throb intensly. She almost couldn't control herself anymore, she needed him badly. She walked back over to Adam pushing him back down on to the couch and climbing on top of him. "What hey" Adam said as Sara pulled her shirt off sticking her massive mounds in his face. The pheromones had already affected Adam to the point he was fully hard and almost didn't question what was happening.

Sara slid off his pajamas pants with ease revealing his throbbing member that she grabbed and placed between her supernatural breast squeezing them together engulfing his cock between them. Adam was overwhelmed with how great it felt. Her breast were so soft and warm and also seemed to vibrate his cock while they squeezed together. Sara began to lick his tip which only added to his euphoria. After a few moments she let go leaving his dick twitching almost ready to cum before she slid off her skirt and climbed on top of him letting her pussy swallow his member whole clamping around it so he couldn't escape. Sara began to ride his throbbing cock trying to milk everything she could out of him while Adam just laid there enjoying the feeling. He reached his hands up grabbing her tits and playing with her nipples which made sara squirm with pleasure, he was enjoying it when he suddenly realised he couldn't pull his hands away. 

"What the hell" he said when he looked up and saw he his hands were stuck to her breast by some invisible force and he couldn't pull away. He started to see a glow from near his crotch. His dick had begun to glow red while her pussy sucked him dry and then he noticed his hands begin to glow and felt a tingling all over his body as he came closer and closer to orgasm. Adam was confused and fearful but at the same time he had never had sex that felt this amazing. Soon he felt the urge and his body let go and he finally came spraying all his juices up in to Sara along with his sexual energy which was also flowing in to her through his cock and his hands which were still stuck clinging to her swollen breast the whole time screaming his lust. Sara grabbed his wrists holding on as she absorbed Adam in to her screaming her pleasure. Her whole body felt like giant orgasming vagina as the energy filled her.

After everything subsided she looked down at her work. Adam was completely drained to the point his body fell off the couch and on to the floor Sara grabbed her shirt and her skirt before checking to make sure Adam was still breathing. He seemed to be in the same state she left Jill a little while ago but at least he was still alive. She put her clothes back on and left the apartment.

---------

Doll who was walking the halls of the apartment building 2 floors down and could feel the energy Sara had absorbed for her. "There's a good girl" she muttered under her breath. She strolled through the building trying to decide what she wanted to do next. She had become more and more powerful from all the energy she was absorbing and decided maybe it was time to try summoning some more help.