 Tim was in the bathroom getting ready for work while his wife Molly made coffee in the kitchen. Molly was an average woman, blonde hair and a nice body but nothing super model worthy. She was in the kitchen when she heard a knock at the door.

"Who could that be" she wondered as she opened it thinking it was one of the neighbors.

As she opened the door she saw the busty brunette in night wear standing outside.

"Can I help you?" She asked before the woman smiled at her.

-

Tim finished up in the bathroom and headed out to the kitchen, when he arrived he didn't see Molly anywhere. As he walked in to the living room which was also empty he became confused, "where the hell" he mumbled before he heard a noise coming from the bedroom, he poked his head and saw Molly laying on the bed with her bathrobe open revealing her naked body and slightly caressing herself. Tim stared at his wife starting to become hard, something about her seemed different, something about her just seemed so... sexy! He walked over and said "uh honey? What are you doing? I uh need to get to work and so do you!" She looked up at him with a devilish smile on her face, grabbing his shirt pulling herself up towards him wrapping her hands around his neck. "Take me know" she said in a low almost demonic voice as she threw him down on the bed and began ripping his clothes off grinding her already moist pussy against the bulge in his pants. Tim was blown away by her strength and how rough she was being. They had great sex in the past but this was a side of her he had never seen.

She reached down and ripped his pants off like they were paper then grabbing his boxers and doing the same exposing his already fully stiff cock. Her eyes widened before she lowered her head and began molesting his dick with her tongue. Tims eyes rolled back in his head. "This is amazing" he thought to himself as this crazy sexual predator in his wife's body completely dominated him.

Molly looked up at him and said "I want you inside me" before pulling him down on top of her with her legs spread engulfing his cock inside her. She felt so warm on his throbbing member as he drilled her, kissing her neck, licking her breasts, sucking on her nipples before she used her strength to flip him over placing herself on top as she rode him harder and faster milking his cock for everything it was worth. As they both came closer to cumming she began to make growling noises, like a demonic growl that Sent chills down Tims spine but he was so enthralled in the sex he didn't give it much thought. He placed his hand on her hips sliding them reaching up cupping her breast's in his hands feeling her nipples respond in his palms. Suddenly he felt her pussy grip around his cock as they both orgasmed together. She grabbed his head stuffing his face in her breasts while she roared with a demonic force while her pussy unmercifully milked his cock of everything it had to give and he gave it to her.

Tim collapsed back on to the bed trying to catch his breath. "Molly" he said "that was incredible". She leaned down kissing him again before she pulled up and said "there is no Molly... only Zuul!

Tim was confused by what Molly said to him but before he could process any of the she began riding his cock again. Somehow he never lost his hardness despite how amazing the sex was he was still full and ready to go again. Tim leaned up grabbing his wife's body focusing his tongue on her breast as she wrapped her hands around his head again holding him close to her while her demonic pussy went to town on his cock. Soon her eyes began to glow red which Tim didn't notice at first because he was lost in her mounds but he began to hear her heavy breathing and that demonic growl again. As he looked up his notice the intense red glow of Molly's eyes. She was growling and he could feel her body getting warmer, not enough to burn him, in fact the sex still felt amazing which made it hard for him to worry about what was happening to his wife while she milked him with her amazing demon pussy. Soon her finger nails began to grow to a point which she dug in to Tims back holding on to him while she had her way with him. Tim barely felt the pain because he was in such euphoria before once again the both Came together as she pulled him close again and roared shaking the whole room while he filled her with everything he had.

Soon the feeling subsided and Time laid on the bed barely able to catch his breath before the door opened with Doll standing there looking at the work she did. She walked over to Molly and placed her hand on her cheek before saying "that's a good little Zuuley".

Tim looked up at her saying "who are you? What's going on here?" Still trapped under Molly he couldn't move!

"Do you like what I've done to your wife? I wasn't sure how you would fair against such a sexual demon but you held up nicely." Doll said smiling with her hand still on Molly's face!

"What did you do to her!" Tim said Trying to get up but Zuul was too strong for him.

Doll replied "the same thing I'm about to do to you, your strong but Zuul here needs a better playmate," she placed her hand on his forehead as a red mist came out of her palm and flowed in to Tims eyes before he passed out. Doll looked back at Zuul and said "now you and Vinz have fun together... oh and let's leave your boss out of this affair shall we!" Doll left the room shutting the door behind her. Zuul looked down as Tim began to wake up looking up at her. 

"Are you the gatekeeper?" He asked before Zuul smiled and they began their endless demonic sex marathon!

-------------

Doll entered the hall feeling the affects of all the sex around her thinking to herself "We should have summoned Zuul and Vinz the moment we started, would have made this all so much easier... and more fun!"