 Doll was becoming more and more powerful by the moment. The slime absorbed sexual energy given off anywhere near it just not a lot. The changes she made to Sara make her able to absorb sexual energy by literally sucking it out of her partner which means a lot more than if she just had used the slime on them when they had sex, And with Zuul and Vinz having the little marathon the demonic passion they give off will definitely help fuel her energy. The slime seemed to focus on this building. That's why the puddle formed outside that Emily walked through before entering. Not just because it knew Sara lived here, but because there were also a lot of college kids and young adults living here and they are usually always sexually active which drew the slime towards it. It was important for the slime to focus it's attention in a small area because it didn't want New York city filling it with negative energy again!

With her new powers Dolls body had become more solid and she was ready for some fun of her own when she saw something down the hall that concerned her. A young man in a Ghostbusters uniform had just entered the building. He did not have his pack with him just a PKE meter checking for Readings. Doll knew she needed to do something, this one was just a rookie but she knew he could still be trouble.

Doll ran up to Him "oh thank god your here! there something in my apartment, i don't know what it is," she said to him in panicked voice!

He replied "woah woah calm down miss, Im Brian from the Ghostbusters, what seems to be the problem?" slightly surprised by this woman running towards him in her underwear.

"Come with me ill show you." she said while trying to find and empty apartment to lure him in to. About 3 doors down she could sense nothing behind the door so using a little slime she unlocked the door sending him in first to look around.

This Rookie Ghostbuster entered the apartment PKE in hand looking around for anomalies. As he searched Doll shut and locked the door trying to decide what to do with him, she couldn't have him messing with her plans or worse calling for back up. Getting another boost of energy from something presumably naughty happening elsewhere in the building she suddenly began to get some vibes from him, like she could almost sense what he found sexy, this was interesting because this had never happened before.

"Must be a new power?" she thought. Doll looked down at her Body and the first thing she did was shorten her night shirt a little revealing more of her legs, then she changed the consistency of the slime making them a little more tanned and shiny, she knew this young man was a sucker for a great set of legs, then she looked down at her breast shrinking them down slightly from the large mounds they were to just over a handful. she glanced over at a mirror in the corner of the living room looking at the changes she made. "Perfect" she said under her breath as Brian came out of the bedroom putting away his meter.

"Well Ma'am, Im not getting any reading from in here, not sure what you saw but its definitely gone now." he said walking into the living room seeing her laying on the couch in a seductive pose to get his attention. she slowly turned her body placing her feet on the floor before standing up to walk towards him. Brian was almost blown away by what he saw but was still trying to remain professional.

"Thank you so much!" Doll said in a very seductive voice. "you must have scared it off, how can i ever thank you?" she reached out grabbing his belt pulling him close to her. 

Brian who was struggling to keep his cool responded "oh um... no... no charge Ma'am... just uh... you know ... call if..." before he could finish she pulled him in for a kiss while her other hand unbuckled his utility belt making it fall to the floor. 

"Woah ...um...Wow! we shouldn't...i mean... you don't have to...um" Brian struggled to resist but his tightening underwear gave him other ideas. Doll reached up and began to slowly unzip his jumpsuit.

"Whats wrong?" she said with almost an evil smirk "we're all adults here right? i mean its not like you need permission!" she said sliding her hand down in to his paints. 

"Holy shit!" he thought to himself. Doll made the lingerie melt away leaving her Naked under her pink nighty. 

"Well I'll leave it up to you then," she said letting go of him and walking to the bedroom. As she walked away she slid down the 2 straps on her nighty letting it slide down to the floor giving Brian a quick view of her perfect ass before disappearing in to the bedroom.

Brian stood in the living room struggling with this decision "i shouldn't,...i really shouldn't... but Oh my God she's Beautiful...but Im on duty... what if the guys find out...FUCK IT" he thought before pulling off his already unzipped suit leaving it on the floor and following her in to the bedroom! 

When he got there he saw this amazing creature sprawled out on the bed in a very inviting way with her index finger motioning him to come closer. Brian fumbled to get his pants off before crawling in to bed with the gorgeous woman. Her body was amazing, he couldn't help but just stare at her. As he laid next to her she began kissing him again while sliding her hand down in to his shorts playing with his manhood before she pulled them off lowering her mouth and began to lick and tease him making his whole body shiver. Brian laid there enjoying the pleasure she was giving him as she caressed her balls in his hand while tongue bathing his erection.

After a few moments she stopped and backed away spreading her legs and motioning him over. Brian lowered his face between her legs slowly kissing and sucking the skin above her pussy working his way down towards her clit. Doll was surprised at how great this felt, with her powers growing her body was becoming more realistic and she could feel things she never could before. As Brian teased and massaged her clit with his tongue she squirmed letting the pleasure roll through her body until she could take no more. 

Pushing Brian back to the point he almost slammed his head on the headboard she crawled up and dropped her pussy down on his cock! His rock hard member felt amazing inside her. She had grown so much more powerful and sensitive since the last man she fucked that this made her feel incredible! Brian was in heaven as she bounced on top of him, milking his throbbing cock, coating it in slime for lubrication and giving out little moans every few seconds! She grabbed his hands placing them on her tits which he gave no resistance, he massaged her nipples and squeezed them in his hands making Doll feel even more amazing. Doll could feel herself getting ready to cum, she could also sense he was coming close as well. The slime coating his dick began to pulse around it while making his pleasure even more intense as they both finally screamed out their lust as her pussy clamped down on him sucking out everything he had to give and Brian let his throbbing cock empty in to her!

After a moment of them catching their breath she climbed off of him and stood next to the bed looking down on him. "I don't think we're done yet," she said before she turned to face the door and bent down sticking her perfect ass in his direction.

"Woah wait I don't know if I can..." he paused because he could feel his lust rushing back in to his re-hardening member. His confusion was short lived when she looked back at him with an inviting smile in her face, he jumped out of bed and positioned himself behind her before jamming his cock in to her perfect ass. 

Brian wasn't sure what was coming over him, he was never a big fan of anal sex but something about this woman made him want to try anything just to be inside her! Her asshole was tight but his cock was so lubed up that it glided in and out feeling incredible. He almost lost his balance but noticed her legs were locked and sturdy keeping him from falling, he leaned down resting on her back reaching around and grabbing her tits while he jack-hammered her from behind. Doll moaned with pleasure for every touch he gave her made her body quiver, all these new sensations she was feeling she was in heaven! Before long Brians dick was ready to explode and he drained everything he had left in to her perfect tight ass. Doll also felt an amazing orgasm which caused the slime to ripple in her ass which made Brians orgasm feel even more amazing

Brian stood there for a moment for her ass has clamped on to his member keeping him from fall but soon released. As he pulled out of her he was so dizzy he fell back on the bed almost ready to pass out! Doll stood up as the effects were beginning to subside looking down at her latest victim. He noticed he was very weak so she decided that was enough for now, as much fun as she was having she did not want to hurt or kill anyone! This was also new for her, for most of the slimes existence it had only know hate and anger and now it was starting to feel compassion. Doll laid down on the bed next to him rubbing his chest as he still struggled to catch his breath!

"We can have more fun later," she said before using her fingers to lightly shut his eyes and whispering in his ear "sleep now, regain your strength!" And a second later he was out cold! She stood up heading for the door summoning her nighty back to her as it flew up and reformed around her. As she left she had the slime form a hard shell on the bedroom door so no one could get in or out and with his equipment in the living room he couldn't call for help!