 Jack was enjoying his time off! He had just turned 18, fresh out of high school and had the whole place to himself while his parents were out of town for a week!

"This rocks!" he thought as he blasted the radio while making breakfast. He was getting ready to grab his cereal and head to the living room when he heard a knock at the door! Jack opened the door and so this amazingly gorgeous woman standing there in a pink nighty.

"Um hi! Are you ah... are you looking for someone," jack said stumbling over his words as she just pushed past him walking in to his kitchen. Confused jack closed the door and ran after her! 

"Um hey... uh... soo... are you a friend of my parents... or something?" he stuttered.

Doll paid him almost no attention while she started to dance to the music. She rubbed her body and moved her hips to the beat. Mood slime always loved music and it was interesting for her to listen to it in this form!

Jack began to get stiff watching this amazing seductive creature dance in his parents kitchen. Doll was becoming aware of his lust which felt different from the others. This young man seem to have a lot more energy than the others she's encountered here and she was curious to see how much! Doll turned to him and smiled! 

"Your a Handsome strapping young man" she said almost teasing him. "I bet you have lots of energy too,"J ack became almost uncomfortable yet still kinda turned on.

"well uh... I mean... I play football...and i just turned 18 so...!" He blurted out not really knowing what to say! 

She smiled at him again and said " you know I have a friend that I think would love to meet you!" Jack looked at her trying to keep his cool for this sexy thing in front of him! Suddenly another knock at the door! 

Jack opened the door to see Sara standing there! In a tight white shirt and black miniskirt.

"Jack?" Sara said before looking over at Doll standing off to the side! 

"NO way! I can't, I can't do it to him he's just a..." pointing at the confused teenager standing behind her! 

"Actually this strapping young lad just informed me that he is 18 years old! And last time I checked" she said in a stern voice pointing down between Saras legs giving her a quick little zap making her squirm a little! "I was the one in control here" she finished saying with a smile.

"But I cant..." she tried to protest " i mean... I used to babysit him!" She said! 

"Well that should make this easier, he obviously has always found you attractive!" She replied! "Now you 2 have fun, and Sara... don't let me down!" She said before leaving the apartment!

Jack stood there still confused as to what was going on! "Sara?" He asked "What the hell was she talking about? Who was she? And are you ok?"

It was true, he did always have a thing for Sara cuz she was a few years older than him used to babysit when he was at the stage in life of discovering girls!

Sara stood there silent for a moment trying to control herself. She grabbed at the door but it would not budge, Doll had sealed her in there with him! 

"Dammit" she said out loud starting to breath heavy, "so Jack" she asked "you're a... you're already 18 huh!!... that was quick!" 

Jack stood there still confused as to what was happening! "Um... Sara? What's going on?" He asked!

Sara walked over and placed her arms around his neck and with a deep breath she said,

"OK real quick, I was working with the ghostbusters and I accidentally unleashed some sort of slime that's making everyone screw like jack rabbits and then she came along and transformed me so now I have to do what she says which means I'm going to Fuck your brains out!" 

Jack had a look of shock on his face as he was trying to process what Sara just said to him. "Um... uh?...ok?" He muttered.

Sara took him by the hand leading him to his room where she pushed him down on his bed.

"I'm really sorry about this Jack! But I don't have a choice!" She said after closing his door. She leaned down on top of him kissing him on the lips before saying "just relax and let me do everything".

Jack was amazed by what was happening. He laid there as Sara pulled off her shirt revealing her perfect breast's to him which he couldn't help but stare at while she slid her skirt down to the floor showing her clean cut pussy to him as well! All Sara could think was "thank god his parents are out of town! I really don't want to explain this!" She reached up and pulled his jogging pants and underwear down releasing his cock for her to see. She was impressed with how big he was considering she had known him since he was child, but he did grow in to an attractive young man. She also noticed he was very athletic his body was. 

Sara began to kneel down sending him in to almost a nervous panic. "Um... Sara... it's just... Holy Shit!... I've never... you know... before?" He said nervously! Sara laid down next to Jack With her hand on his leg teasing him slightly without touching his member.

"Jack I just want you to relax, there is nothing you can possibly do wrong here," she said Trying to get him to relax while she was trying to be patient as her loins began to tingle with anticipation!

Before Jack went to speak again she jumped for his cock grabbing it and wrapping her mouth around it! Jack almost jumped out of his skin with how quickly she went for him, it felt amazing as she licked his quivering member from top to bottom. She massaged his balls while she sucked him for everything he was worth!

She stopped and brought herself back up face to face with Jack before saying "Jack? do you trust me?" 

Jack stared in to her eyes for a moment before replying "yes". Sara grabbed her shirt off the floor and tied it around his head covering his eyes. "Wait wait this seems unfair" he said feeling around for her!

"You just need to trust me" she said before climbing on top of him shoving his hard cock in to her supernatural pussy. 

"HOLY SHIT" Jack yelled out as she lowered on to him and began riding him, giving him something he had been dreaming about since he was probably 13. 

Jack placed his hands on her hips slowly moving their way up her stomach but before he could get to her breast's she grabbed his hands trying to keep him as safe as possible remembering what happened to Adam when he grabbed her breast's. Soon Sara started to loose herself to the feeling as Jacks dick began to glow and she was preparing to absorb his energy. 

"Oh my god this feels incredible," Jack said still blindfolded unknowing as to what Sara was about to do to him. As Sara began to lose focus she let go of his hands which he then used to grab her perky breasts which made Sara squirm even more. "Shit" she thought to herself as she felt his hands massaging her tits so she grabbed his hands again and held them on her breasts so he would think she was the reason he couldn't let go! Seconds later his hands began to glow as well! 

She knew he was almost ready to go so she sped things up a little with her bouncing until Jack bucked his hips and yelled out "HOLY FUCK!" as he emptied his manhood in to his gorgeous supernaturally transformed former babysitter, and she sucked energy from every part of him which then fed in to Doll wherever she was! After a few moments she noticed she was still draining him of energy and it made her feel incredible but she was starting to worry because she didn't want to hurt him and he was still squirming below her appearing to still be enjoying the feeling he was experiencing, 

"but how much more could he give?" she thought.

Sara struggled to try disconnect from him before she killed him but it was no use, her pussy would not let go of his throbbing member until it was finished and his hands were stuck! She arched her back as one final blast of energy finally flowed in to her making her eyes glow as she screamed her lust!

As she finished she felt his hands release from her breast's before falling to his side. She looked down taking off his blind folding checking to make sure he was ok. She shook his shoulders trying to get a response. "Jack? JACK!!" She yelled with no reaction from Him until she slapped him in the face in which he finally took in a deep breath. Sara sighed with relief before she climbed off of him! She grabbed her clothes and headed for the door. She stopped for a moment and gave him a kiss on his forehead before she left!

As Sara walked out the front door she saw Doll standing in the hallway. "Thanks for that little boost! I told you he had a lot to give."

Sara gave her an angry look before she said "you BITCH! I could have killed him!" she said raising her hand to slap Doll but she grabbed her wrist before she could.

Doll just smiled and said "I didn't design you to kill, all of your partners probably had the best time of their lives, now they will probably not feel too great when they wake up but they'll be fine". 

Sara was so angry but before she could say anything else Doll pushed her against the door getting up in her face and smiling, she placed her hand down under her skirt and began rubbing her pussy which made Sara squirm and breath heavy, then Doll said "now stop worrying about these trivial little things and go get me some more! Or should I say" Doll glanced down and began to lower herself so she was face to face with Saras pussy, she stuck her tongue out and began to massage her clit a little making Sara gasp and roll her eyes. After a moment Doll retracted her tongue and said "YOU get me some more!"