 Doll knew Sara could not disobey her as she sent her on her way, as long as she controlled her sex life she would become more and more powerful! Suddenly she heard a noise coming from a familiar apartment. Doll listened closely as she heard Brian's radio from behind the door of the vacant apartment She left him in!

"Brian? Do you read? Meet me in the basement I'm getting some very strange Readings down here! Are you there?"

Doll began to panic as she ran to the basement after hearing that woman's voice over the radio! "Crap he wasn't alone!" She thought as she ran down the stairs.

Jenny was Brians partner and still only a rookie but she was very scientific and intelligent, also prepared for most situation while Brian was always a little more reckless! With her PKE meter in hand she was getting odd Readings all throughout the basement. Until she heard the door behind her open and Doll standing there!

Doll looked over this cute little red head with glasses. She looked over her body while starting to get vibes from her, she had a sex drive but tried to suppress with and focus on science, she also was a very sexy woman but never really felt like she was, even in front of her boyfriend!

Jenny was startled by the woman walking in to the basement. She adjusted herself before saying "Ma'am for you own safety I must ask that you return to your home. This is official ghostbusters business!" Suddenly her PKE meter began to spike as she moved it around trying to find the source until she stopped with it facing Doll and her meter was in full red!

"It's you" she said backing away reaching for her radio but before she could do anything Doll lunged at her pinning her against the wall and knocking the radio out of her hand!

"Now now, we can't have you spoiling our fun now can we" she said inspecting her uniform. "You won't be needing these!" She said removing Jennys belt and tossing It aside!

Jenny could barely move but struggled to escape! "WHO ARE YOU!" Jenny yelled still trying to pretend she was in control if the situation.

Doll just smiled at her and said "oh I think you know me, We used to watch cartoons together while you tried to get me in a better mood so you could impress your mentors!"

Jenny had a confused look on her face, "wait what? What are you talking about? I've never seen you before!" She replied

"Well of course you wouldn't recognize me now! Last time you saw me I was in a jar!" She said smirking at her prisoner.

Jenny thought for a moment before she realised who she was! "Oh my god your the SLIME? how did you?... where's Sara? What did you do to her?" Jenny asked while still trying to escape!

"Don't you worry, Sara is just fine, in fact she's been helping me become stronger, I had to alter her a little but now she's loyal as a puppy!" Doll said still holding Jenny against the wall with 1 hand! "Stop struggling! I must say you're partner didn't give me this much trouble!" She said.

"Brian? What did you do to him?" Jenny asked concerned about her partner!

"Oh Him? I just showed him the time of his life, and now he's asleep upstairs!" Doll replied with a sinister smile! "But the question now is what to do with you? If I had to guess, you are a closet sex freak! You put on this professional act but all you really want is a good time right?"

Doll grabbed the zipper on her jump suit and began to pull down revealing some very modest looking mounds hiding under a Ghostbuster logo T-shirt! Jenny still tried to struggle!

"Not freaky enough for you?" Doll said almost toying with her. "OK let's make it freakier!"

Jenny watched as Doll began to stretch out body before splitting herself in half. Both sides filled out and suddenly there stood 2 of her in front of her.

"Holy shit" Jenny thought as was she held hostage by 2 of this brunette vixen now! Suddenly Jenny was able to move! She tried to run but found her feet stuck to the floor as she got to the middle of the room! Looking down she saw a puddle of slime under her feet and she could not get free!

The Dolls walked over to Jenny surrounding her. "Just relax and enjoy! We won't hurt you!" They both said in unison which only freaked her out even more!

The first doll grabbed her suit pulling it over her shoulders and sliding it off her, while the other one stood in front of her sliding her hand under her shirt caressing her stomach, getting a feel for her. This first one pulled the pencil out of the bun in Jennys scarlet hair letting it flow freely while the other pulled off her glasses off her face.

Jenny stood there fearful of what they were going to do to her but at the same time she began to get a little turned on. Suddenly the Doll in front of her grabbed her shirt and ripped it open revealing the sexy black bra Jenny was wearing! "Now see! Nobody who wasn't down with having fun would wear underwear like that!" Doll said inspecting her lingerie!

The one behind her reached around and unbuttoning and unzipped her pants while at the same time kissing her neck sending chills through her then kissing her back lower and lower while she pulled her pants down. Jenny was getting more and more turned on as these 2 sexual fiends had their way with her.

Jenny stood there in her bra and panties while the Dolls inspected her, circling her like sharks before saying "Wow you were hiding all this under that uniform, very impressive!" They both smiled at their prey until the finally removed her bra revealing 2 very well rounded perky breasts and slid down her panties leaving her vulnerable to whatever Doll wanted to do with her as they both stripped off their nighty revealing themselves to her as well!

One of the Dolls came up behind Jenny and wrapped her arms around her stomach before sliding them up slowly until she cupped her tits all while sucking and kissing her neck making Jenny squirm as she stood there. The other Doll kneeled down in front of her with her fingers on her stomach slowly descending tickling her down to her thighs while she inspected her perfectly shaved area! Doll opened her mouth sticking her tongue out which she began to tease the outside of her pussy. Jenny almost lost her balance but the Doll behind her kept her steady while still fondling her! The doll on the floor teased a little more before she stuck her tongue inside exploring her sex. Doll lengthened her tongue pushing further and further in exploring every inch of her while Jenny squirmed and writhed in pleasure while the slime filled her, her knees began to wobble while the other Doll held her up. 

The Doll below looked up at her twin and they smiled at each other. She knew exactly what she wanted to do with Jenny. Doll detached her tongue letting it wiggle around inside her before it re liquefied and began to flow through her body. Settling in her pussy and inside her breasts! She began to feel this warm sensation in her body as the slime began to change her the same way it changed Sara!

Both Dolls standing with her sandwiched between them kept foundling her and kissing her while the slime made its changes to her.

Jenny could feel something very odd was happening inside her body! Her pussy began to tense up and her breast's began to feel like they were pulsing. This combined with the touching from the 2 Dolls made her feel amazing, it's was almost too much.

The 2 Dolls began kissing each other while still caressing Jenny in her current state. One of them began to melt and slither in to the other one while flowing over Jennys skin making her feel even more amazing! After a final slurp Doll was 1 entity again and Jenny was still writhing as the slime tingled and transform her lady parts. 

Soon Jennys pussy began to glow and she finally orgasmed while the slime on the floor let go of her letting for float in the air while the transformation completed! She floated down and laid on the floor as Doll kneeled down to inspect her new pet!

Jenny awoke looking around trying to figure out what happened until she looked up at Doll who was smiling at her. "What happened? What did you do to me?" She said in a panic!"

Doll waved her hand over her pussy making it throb to the point she almost came again! "I did to you the same thing I did to Sara, but first before you start having your fun I need you to do something!"

"I won't do anything for you... accept tell the others what's happening here and...SHIT!!" she was stopped as Doll made her pussy tingle again!

"You are going to go back to the ghostbusters, except you're going to tell them there is nothing going on here and that you partner went home sick! And then you're going to go home, fuck your boyfriend and anyone else I want you to!

Doll said still controlling her pussy making her squirm! "In fact just to make sure you do" Doll secreted a small amount of slime and grabbed her head turning it so she could put a few drops in her ear! The slime worked it's way in to her brain making her more submissive to Dolls orders! "Now get dressed and do as your told!"

Jenny got up and grabbed her clothes and got dressed before walking out of the basement almost like a zombie, she got in her car and heading back to the firehouse to tell them the lie Doll came up with!

Doll was pleased with herself and began to think maybe it was time to expand this operation!