 Chris had just gotten home from running a few errands when he entered his apartment! He dropped his keys on the counter and started putting groceries away when he saw his so faucet was dripping. "That's odd" he said going to inspect it. He turned it and noticed thus pink sludge coming out and filling his sink for a few seconds before turning it off! "What the hell?" He said before going to check the bathroom sink.

While he was gone the faucet came on again filling the sink the rest of the way. A lump began to rise up out of it before it spilled out landing on the floor but the slime seemed to begin to stand up straight creating a form of its own. Soon two appendages came out and formed arms as the lower half split creating legs. Soon to parts of its chest began to stick out forming what looked like breasts! The slime had taken the form of a transparent pink busty woman. No real detail she looked like a female jello mold and unlike Doll this was merely a spirit using the slime to create a temporary form!

Chris checked the sink in the bathroom along with these shower which both were working fine before coming back to the kitchen! As he walked in he saw this tall goo girl standing there looking at the body it had created. Chris froze out of fear thinking he should call the ghostbusters before she turned around to look at him before slither forward cornering him by the counter! Chris with his back to the wall was looking around for the phone but it was on the table behind her and he could not reach it! She seemed to be looking him up and down not saying anything so he tried to talk to it!

"Um... hello... uh... so is there something you want or uh... need, I promise I won't hurt you!" He said more worried about it hurting him!

After a moment it looked up at him and smiled before lunging it's hand right in to his crotch! The slime seeped through his jeans and through his underwear reaching his dick! Looking down in shock at the slime tendril wrapping around his waist he saw through the transparent slime his belt coming undone and his pants unzipping and opening up

Before his underwear just seemed to dissolve revealing his member floating in this goo! Suddenly he felt the slime start to pull on his dick causing it to become hard. It was the weirdest thing he ever felt, like fucking warm jello or something. He could see his foreskin moving back and forth as the slime cradled his balls and shaft! "Oh shit" he said as he stood there unable to move! As this creature suck on his throbbing cock!

Suddenly he heard the front door open. "Honey I'm home!" He heard his wife say from the other room before she headed for the kitchen. As she walked in she looked up at this slimy creature molesting her husband and screamed! The creature looked over at her.

"Honey run! go get help! Chris pleaded but before she could escape the creature shot her other arm out wrapping around her waist and pulling her closer. She struggled to get free but it was no use! As she struggled she fell to the floor still in the grips of the this feminine blob as it pulled her closer. Chris had noticed that it was no long trying to jerk him off, even though his member was still engulfed in slime it seemed more interested in his wife!

This attractive woman with dirty blonde hair was still trying to escape but it seemed hopeless as she looked up at this creature that was staring at her and almost looked like it was smiling. The tentacle that was wrapped around her waist began to lengthen and wiggle its way to the button as it engulfed the front of her jeans snapping them open and wiggling it's way in through her panties.

"Oh my god! What's it doing? What going on?" She said in a panic!

"Rachel honey just calm down! It didn't hurt me so it probably won't hurt you either!" Chris said Trying to calm his wife down, though it didn't seem to be working!

Rachel watched as this pink tentacle began worked its way in to her private area ripping her underwear apart leaving nothing between itself and its prize! As it wiggled it's way inside her she began to breathing heavy tilting her head back while waves of pleasure shot through her. "Oh god! Oh shit, this is..." she said as she was beginning to enjoy this!

Chris watched his wife being molested by this pink glob of woman and there was nothing he could do. He was still hard and watching his wife in so much pleasure almost made him more turned on! Suddenly the slime girl started to move away from him discuss on nesting herself but leaving a glob of slime around his enlarged cock and his waist keeping him stuck to the cabinet unable to move! "Wait... what are you? Come back!" He shouted at the ooze!

This slime girl was hovering over Rachel body as it's tentacle continued to wiggle inside her making her writhe and squirm on the floor. It then took its other arm and began to slide it up under her shirt ripping it off of her then wrapping it around her bra ripping that off as well! The tentacle felt around her as she examined her naked body while her husband stood by helpless! Suddenly the free tentacle split in to 2 separate ones and stuck themselves to her nipples making Rachel gasp with pleasure! 

With 3 tendrils attached to his wife Chris watched as the slime began to shrink down in size before he realized that it wasn't shrinking it was filling her! The slime forced it's way inside Rachel taking over her entire body until it split apart and the 3 tendrils were still being sucked in through her nipples and pussy until it was gone! Rachel's body lay motionless for a moment before her upper body shot up and began looking around examining her hands and then grabbing her breast feeling her skin before looking over at Chris still stuck to the cabinet.

Chris looked at his half naked wife as she stood up and walked towards him removing her jeans the rest of the way revealing the amazing legs he always found so sexy about her! "Rachel? Honey? Are you in there?" He asked placing his hand on her cheek to which she shivered at his touch and smiled at him. He noticed that her eyes seemed different, not the beautiful hazel color he remembered but more of a bright pink color!

She walked up close to him and placed her lips on his before waving her hand release his mid section from its slime prison and taking his cock in her hand before kneeling down and taking it whole in her mouth making Chris wiggle with pleasure. He stood there looking down at his beautiful wife who was possessed by some slimy demon but he still couldn't help his lust for her, the slime seemed to make his cock uncontrollably horny!

After a few lust sucks she stood back up grabbing Chris by the head pulling him down on top of her as they started to roll around

On the kitchen floor having the best sex they had ever had since he met her! She laid under him while he drilled away at her before she flipped him over riding on top of him while her the inside of her pussy felt like the slime mold his cock was stuck in earlier! He felts like he was getting fucked and blown at the same time making his dick feel amazing!

As she rode his throbbing member he noticed slime began to drip out from her breast! She began to rub the slime all over her body soaking her hands with it before rubbing on Chris's chest as well! Chris began to feel a warm tingling on his chest as she spread the slime all over him. 

They continued fucking like jack rabbits on the kitchen floor both soaked in pink ooze until Chris finally felt he was about to cum. he was beginning to be driven mad with how long it was taking as his super sexy possessed wife rode him like a maniac! He felt his balls tighten before he finally exploded apparently causing her to cum at the same time as she screamed gripping his cock with her possessed pussy as slime behind dripping out from between her legs as her filled her with his own bodily fluids!

She collapsed on to him lying on his chest as the both breathed heavily. He wrapped his arms around her hoping his wife was still in there somewhere before she shot up again with a shocking g look on her face before her breast's began to swell and slime began to spray out of them while more came pouring out of her pussy all over his lap while she was still on top of him! After a moment the spraying stopped and she collapsed again still breathing heavy before she looked up at Chris with the green eyes he fell in love with!

"Gasp...hi...gasp" she said with a smile looking Chris in the eye's! Chris grabbed his wife kissing her on the lips and holding her close as the slime that sprayed out if her just seemed to be lifeless as it dripped of the furniture! "So...gasp... that was fun!" She said still trying to catch her breath!

Chris was shocked by what she said. "You were there?" He asked.

Rachel smiled and responded "not completely but I saw and felt everything, but it was weird, like someone else was in control!"

Chris looked at the messy kitchen and said "so should we try to clean this shit up?"

Rachel looked at the mess and then looked back down at her husband before saying "i have a better idea!" She said before placing a kiss on his lips and climbing back on top of him! Maybe it was the slime or maybe it was his sexy wife but Chris was ready to go again and this time he knew who he was fucking!