 Jenny was still trying to fight this feeling inside her! That woman had turned her in to a succubus or something! She remembered the feeling of Mikes energy flowing in to her and how great it felt, but it seemed wrong to take advantage of him like that! Jenny was on her way home trying to get as far away from Mike a she could, she thought maybe if she locked herself in her apartment she couldn't hurt anyone else!

She pulled in to the parking lot before running upstairs ignoring everyone she passed in the hall just trying to get to her door! Finally she got home and locked herself in. She stood in her living room with a momentary sigh of relief until she heard her bathroom door open!

"Oh hey Jen!" She heard as she saw her neighbor Kate walk out of her bathroom drying her hair! "I hope you don't mind but my shower is being fixed so I used my spare key and took one here, I thought you were working today sorry!" Jen struggled to keep herself together as she began to feel the hunger again!

"That's fine kate, no problem! But I um..." before Jen could finish she was interrupted but Kate!

"Wow what is that scent you are wearing?" She asked walking closer to Jen to get a better whiff! "You smell Incredible where can I buy this stu..."

Kate stopped as she began to feel light headed grabbing the arm of a recliner to keep herself up. Jen watched as her friend started to fall under her spell. Kate sat down in the chair trying to gain her bearings as Jen kneeled down in front of her before placing her hand on her thigh rubbing it up and down. "Are you alright Kate'' she asked in almost a monotone voice!

"I think so I just... Jen? What are you doing?" Kate asked looking down at her friend with her hand on her leg.

Jen looked up at Kate and said "I'm sorry about this" before climbing up on her and kissing her as the recliner leaned back making the kick stand come up! Kate was almost in shock as to her friend making a move on her like this but oddly she was becoming turned on! As Jen detached from Kates lips and began kissing her neck and working her way down unbuttoning her shirt as she went, Kate became more and more receptive is she enjoyed herself!

"This is so fucked up...don't stop!" Kate said in almost a whisper as Jen worked her way down! She began to kiss and suck on her belly button while her hands unbuttoned her pants and spread them open letting the zipper slide down before she started to gently kiss her throbbing pussy through her underwear! Jen stayed at a very gentle pace trying to get her prey as turned on as possible. She rubbed her wet wound through her panties making kate wiggle in her chair. 

"You like that don't you!" Jen said while thinking to herself "What did I just say?" It was as if she had little control over her actions! She grabbed her pants and pulled them off of her followed by her panties before she stuck out her tongue and began to massage her pussy lips! Kate was in such a fog that she just laid there enjoying what was happening!

After Jen finished teasing her she stripped off her clothing and climbed back on top of her. She grabbed her bra and ripped it off revealing Kates perfect tits before she started to kiss her again. Her pussy began to drip with slime as she positioned herself above hers. Soon a little pink tentacle began to wiggle its way out and in to Kate! Kate had no idea what was happening to her, she gasped as she was penetrated but didn't give much thought to what it was!

Jen had a hold of her now! As she laid on top of her breast's begin to move on their own lining up with Kates perfectly before latching on to them, their nipples had Locked together as Kate began to glow between her legs and In her breast's as Jen was preparing to absorb her energy! Kate could feel this amazing sensation growing inside her, like she was getting ready to explode until she felt the sudden release as her body began to orgasm shooting energy in to Jen through her pussy and her breast's as they were still connected to hers! Jen kept moving her hips as she held on to Kate and sucked everything out of her

Leaving her completely knocked out!

Jen looked down at her latest victim and smiled kissing her on the lips before climbing off leaving Kate laying naked on the recliner!

Jen had a huge smile on her face as she was still feeling the effects of her meal. "I'm starting to like this!" She said to herself before she got dressed!

Jen looked at Kates naked body for a moment and got a mischievous idea before walking over to the sink in the kitchen and grabbing an empty glass. She turned on the faucet and pink slime began to poor out so she put the glass underneath and filled it before turning it off and walking back in to the living room! She leaned over her unconscious friend and with her fingers spread Kates over worked pussy open. "Bottoms up" she said with an evil grin as she poured the full glass of slime in to Kates opening! Kates body jerked as the slime filled her. "That should make things interesting for her!" Jen said as she finished up placing the empty glass on the table before leaving the apartment!