 Back at the first apartment building Sara had just finished sucking the energy out of a pizza boy she called from a friend's apartment leaving him unconscious on the living room floor! She was running out of ideas on where to go, she didn't want to go back to her apartment because Jill was still recovering and she didn't want to get any urges and take more from her! 

Oddly enough she didn't have a need to Fuck anyone at the moment. And she could sense there was someone else like her in the city, "Doll must have done this to somebody else! I need to find her!" She said running out to her car and following the energy!

--------

Doll was in her glory with all the new energy she was receiving. She had her slime out in 3 separate building having fun and she loved it, but she still wondered what else she could be doing to spread herself further until she got an amazing idea as she walked out the front door and looked across the street at a little sex toy shop on the corner! She smiled before she reformed her nighty a little making it look more like a dress before making her way across the street!

Inside the shop a young man just out of high school was sitting behind the counter looking at the assortment of magazines at his disposal. The door opened and in walked this gorgeous woman in pink, his mouth dropped as she walked by the counter giving him a little wink as she walked down the aisle of lubricants. She glanced at the assortment of bottles before she grabbed one and examined it closely. While no one was looking she grabbed a handful of bottles and walked in to the corner where there was a curtain leading to the back room!

She opened all the bottles and drain them before she used her finger and filled them all back up with pink ooze! Without being seen she came out and put the bottles back on the shelf before hearing a young couple the next aisle over.

"I don't know if this is the kind of stuff we need" the young man said to his girlfriend as they looked at the leather and whip section. "I mean do we really need this kind of stuff just for sex? Just seems a bit much!"

"You're the one who said you wanted to spice things up in the bedroom!" His Girlfriend responded! We should at least try something?"

As Doll heard that she walked around the corner and said "I'm sorry I couldn't help but over hear, if you're looking for something to spice things up may I suggest this!" She said holding up a bottle filled with pink ooze! "It works great as a massage oil and as a personal lubricant. trust me you won't be disappointed" she said as she handed them the bottle!

The girl looked at the bottle in her hand before looking at her boyfriend and said "couldn't hurt to try right? Start small and then work up to...the other stuff?" So they thanked the woman and purchased the bottle before exiting the store.

Doll smiled as she came up with a great idea! "Excuse me sir?" she yelled to the clerk behind the counter "can you help me with something over here?" The young man jumped up and ran over to help. What he didn't notice was the lock on the door turned on its own locking them in.

"Yes Ma'am uh... what can I help you with?" He shuddered as the sexy woman summoned him over!

There's something I saw out back that I wanted to ask you about leading him to the corner behind the curtain. A she walked back there the young man said "uh miss...um... nobody's really supposed to be back here" she turned to him and smiled before placing her hand on his chest!

"Are you afraid of breaking the rules?" She said with a seductive grin, she could tell she was making him squirm and she loved it!

"Um... no...it's just...um!" She stopped him by placing her finger on his mouth before leaning in to kiss him! He stood there in udder glory as this sexy woman was kissing him while she pushed him down towards the floor so he was sitting with his back to the shelving before he heard a click, like something metal locking? Looking up he saw both his hands were handcuffed to the metal racks! "What the hell?" He said struggling to get free.

"Calm down I'm not going to hurt you!" I just need you out of the way for a little while, but don't worry I'm leaving you in good hands!" She reached down undoing his belt and opening up his pants revealing his half cocked member! "Now then" she said looking around before she found a rubber pocket pussy on the shelf behind him. "You get to try my new product!" she said taking one of the slime bottles she held on too and pouring the entire contents into the pocket pussy. She grabbed his dick giving it a few tugs getting it fully hard before she slid the rubber pussy over his member. She gave him a quick kiss on the forehead before standing up giving him the same wink and wave she gave him on the way in before heading back out to the store.

He sat there on the floor unable to go anywhere and she suddenly felt his dick move.

Looking down he saw the pocket pussy begin to wiggle around his cock, then it began to slide up and down on him like it was possessed or something. He was starting breath heavy as it began to feel amazing. This small rubber toy was sucking him off but It didn't feel like rubber anymore, if he didn't know any better he'd say it felt like a real pussy massaging his dick! "Oh shit" he said as his dick was molested by this sex toy. After a few minutes he finally came in to this little toy pussy!

"Wow that was awesome!" He said as he finished, trying to get free from the cuffs his dick began to tingle a little, and started becoming hard again! "What the fuck?" He said as the rubber pussy starting sucking on his cock again. His dick has just filled this thing with cum but is was ready to go again! "Oh SHIT! What the hell is this stuff!"

Back out in the store Doll unlocked the door as a hand full of people came strolling in. She stood in front and started handing out bottles of her pink ooze! "Here try these free samples, I promise you won't be disappointed!" She said while she handed them out to everyone who walked in the door! "This is gonna be great!" She said under her breath while smiling at everyone as they took their bottle and left!

After all her bottles where gone she locked the door again and went to check on her little hostage. As she walked behind the curtain he was still on the floor helpless as the little possessed toy had its way with him! He looked up at her and said "please... SHIT!... make it stop! I can't...OH...I can't keep going!" He begged!

She kneeled down and pulled the pocket pussy off his over worked member. "There is that better?" She said running her fingers through his hair.

He tried to catch his breath as he glanced down at his slimy cock still raging and ready to go! "Please! ...That stuff, I can't get relief..., I've cum 10 times already...it won't stop!" He whimpered.

She looked at his member and then smiled at him before positioning herself in front of him lowering her pussy down teasing his tip. "Do you really want it to stop" she said teasing him some more. The young clerk was trying to catch his breath to speak but before he could she dropped down on him taking his cock inside herself, riding up and down milking him for everything he had left. She smiled at him again removing her should straps and letting her pink dress fall to her waste revealing her perfect breast's. "Really? You want this to stop? Is that what you really want!" She kept saying as she thrusted herself up and down on him making his dick throb!

As much as he wanted this feeling to go away he couldn't help but enjoy what was happening as the sexy creature fucked him he watched her perfect tits bounce up and down as she did. She leaned foward rubbing her tits in his face letting him feel them. He wished his hands were free, he wanted to touch her so badly, so his stuck his tong out licking her nipples as they bounced in front of him until finally he felt his cock begin to Rumble and he finally erupted in to her spraying more than he thought his dick could produce and she took it all before he blacked out dropping his head unconscious!

Doll enjoyed this little moment before pulling herself off of him with a slurp noise as his dick came out of her! Looking down at his dick she said "I think he's had enough!" As she said that his dick squirted out a little pink slime and finally deflated! She took off the handcuffs and laid his head down on a pair of plush boobs she figured would make a great pillow! She put what little clothing she wears back on before walking back out in to the store.

She drew all the blinds closed and locked the store up letting her little play thing rest out back without any disturbances.