 As Sara arrived at the apartment building that she could sense her counterpart in she parked her car and ran inside. She walked the halls as the feeling got stronger and stronger until she stood outside a door that made her stop as she felt a rush! She could tell this girl had just claimed another as she opened the door. She looked around before poking her head in the bedroom seeing this sexy red head straddled on some guy in his mid 30's completely drained!

Jenny was catching her breath before looking over at her. "Hi Sara, I could feel you coming a mile away! She said climbing off the guy in the bed. "Sorry this one's already taken!" She said laughing a little grabbing her clothes!

Sara seemed a little concerned. "Is she enjoying this?" She thought to herself before saying. "Jen? She got to you too? That's ok maybe if we work together we can find a way to stop this!"

Jen smiled looking at Sara, "Stop it? Why would I want to stop it? I'm having a lot of fun and haven't you Noticed the little benefits that come with this?"

"What the hell are you talking about?" Sara replied almost shocked at what she was hearing!

Jen walked over and ripped Sara's shirt open revealing her breast! "Look at these, if I remember correctly these weren't as perky before, and have you noticed I'm not wearing my glasses? After my first time my eye sight improved tons, my breasts have perked up, my legs look amazing, I finally feel sexy in my own skin,... and he seemed to agree?" Pointing at the nameless unconscious man lying in the bed! 

Sara was shocked at what she was hearing, Doll must have done something else to her because she would never act like this! Sara grabbed Jen by the shoulder shaking her around before saying "Jen listen to me!! You're a scientist! THINK! you must realize this needs to stop! What about your boyfriend? Did you fuck him? Is he ok? I need your help to stop this!

After a minute Jen seemed to change her expression to worry "oh my god! Mike? Kate? What have I... You're right Sara, this needs to stop, follow me!" She said leading Sara back to her apartment!

----------

The couple from the sex shop returned home with their bottle of slime! "Hey Liz I'm gonna run down stairs and check on the laundry, be right back!" He said before heading out the door! The girl looked at the bottle they purchased as she walked in to the bedroom. All the label said was "warming massage oil". "Really? This stuff is going to improve our sex life" she said to herself before she opened the bottle and placed a dab on her finger!

Liz examined the stuff rubbing it between her fingers feeling it tingle slightly. After a moment she felt a warm feeling as well! "OK this stuff isn't bad I guess," she said still not convinced! She placed the bottle on the shelf on the headboard of the bed before laying down and turning the TV on! While she stared at the television she didn't notice the bottle start to wobble, it shook a couple of times before falling over spilling the contents on the shelf. The slime began to drip towards the girl on the bed, she had no idea what was happening behind her as it flowed towards her before hitting the edge and dripping down on her shoulder!

"What the... oh great, this shit is all over my shirt and..." she stopped after she took her shirt off as she begun to feel a little flustered,

The slime was all over her neck and was dripping down her chest, she sat back down on the bed trying to shake off this feeling.

She went to wipe the ooze off of her with her hand but as she massaged the stuff in to her skin she began to feel this amazing sensation. This warm tingling started to flow through her as she rubbed this stuff all over herself. After a moment she removed her bras and began spreading the slime over her breast's, the moment it touched her nipples she felt an amazing surge of pleasure!

"Oh my god! This stuff is great!" She said still rubbing it all over herself! Without her noticing her pants began to unbutton and unzip on their own leaving room for her to stick her slime covered hand down in to her pussy! She almost jumped out of her skin as the slime touched her clit. "HOLY...FUCK!" She yelled out before pulling off her pants and underwear to rub more on herself!

Her boyfriend had just come back up with a fresh load of dry towels when he walked in to the bedroom. He dropped the basket when he saw his Girlfriend on the bed rubbing the slime all over herself, squirming like she was in euphoria! "Um... Liz" he said in kind of a confused tone!

Her eyes shot over to him before she said "FUCK ME! ... FUCK ME NOW TONY!! grabbing him by the shirt and throwing him down on the bed. She quickly unbuckled his pants ripping them off followed by his underwear revealing his penis which wasn't quit hard yet. Noticing this she grabbed another glob from the spilt bottle and began rubbing it all over his cock making him hard within seconds.

Tony was very confused by what had happened in the few minutes he left the apartment but once he was fully erect she jumped on his throbbing member and began fucking him like a lunatic! He reached up grabbing her breast's which were covered in the contents from the bottle making her moan with every touch! His cock felt warm and tingly as his crazed girlfriend rode him so hard the bed started to move back and forth banging against the wall.

"THIS...FEELS...SOO...FUCKING...GOOD!" Liz yelled out milking Tony for everything he had! Tony was in shock with how sexy this all was! She had never been like this before, usually she was very timid and he did most of the work, but this was incredible!

She suddenly reached down and ripped his shirt off before saying "MORE...TOUCH ME MORE!" Pulling him up towards her rubbing her slimy tits in his face and grabbing and pulling his hair! Soon she began to squeak and moan louder and louder before she finally screamed as her pussy clamped down around his cock making them both cum together! Tony could feel himself squirted what felt like gallons in to her while the held each other tightly!

"Holy shit... Holy shit! ... Liz! That was incredible!" Liz took a few deep breaths before reaching up and grabbing the bottle which seemed to have more left in it than it should have. Lifting herself off of him she poured the rest of the contents on his cock!

"We aren't done yet!" She said as she climbed back on his throbbing member and began to ride him again! Tony watched his crazed woman start fucking him again and oddly enough whatever was in that bottle made his dick stay hard and ready to go again!

"Fuck... this stuff is great!"