 Jen and Sara returned to her apartment. Jen stopped when she saw the empty recliner where she left Kate and started to panic! "Oh god where'd she go?"

Sara looked at her and said, "What happened Jen?" 

"I don't know what's wrong with me, After Doll changed me she put something in my head, I lied to the rest of the ghostbusters! I couldn't help it, I lied about you, about me, about Brian!" Jen said frantically!

"Wait what happened to Brian? Is he ok?" Sara asked.

"I'm pretty sure he's fine, I think Doll just had her way with him and locked him in a room! But Mike and Kate I don't know," Jen responded!

Sara tried to comfort her friend "It's ok! Nothing we do seems to cause any permanent damage, they'll be fine!...hey do you have a shirt I could borrow? You kind of ripped mine open!" Jen pointed at a laundry basket on the kitchen table.

"Yeah but Kate, after I practically raped her something came over me and I poured whole glass of that pink Crap in to her before I left! I'm not even sure what that would do to her?" Jen said pacing back and forth. Before she said "follow me!" As they ran across the hall to Kate's apartment.

As the walked in they looked around not finding her. Jen checked the bathroom and saw who she could only assume was the plumber working on the shower laying on the floor with his pants down and his erect penis was dripping pink slime! As she stared at his cock she began to feel the hunger again. 

The man on the floor opened his eyes and looked up at Jen and said "hey... what? ...what happened?... I was fixing the shower when that Kate girl attacked me and..."

Jen couldn't help it any more she dropped her pants and climbed on his hardened slimy cock and began to Fuck him!

Sara was in the living room when she heard what sounded like a males voice scream and she ran to the bathroom where she found Jen on top of the unconscious plumber breathing heavily! "I couldn't... I couldn't help myself!" Jen said Trying to catch her breath. 

Sara helped Jen to her feet grabbing her pants and walking her to the living room. Suddenly Sara was starting to feel it as well. "Shit" she said out loud a Jen looked at her!

"What is it?" She asked figuring out the answer the moment she opened her mouth "oh, shit...um, Dammit the plumber can't take another hit! Shit what do we do?" Jen tried to think of a solution before saying "wait a minute, come with me" leading her back to her apartment!

As they walked in Jen laid her down on her couch and ran to the bedroom looking through her closet, "Dammit where the hell is it... gotcha!" She said before running back out to Sara! "Here try this!" She said handing her a blue vibrator!

Sara looked at it and said "are you joking?"

"Hey I sterilize it after every use!" Jen replied almost insulted, besides I don't have a better idea and this way no one gets hurt!"

Sara took it in her hand "What the hell" she said before turning it on and jamming it in her pussy! Jen walked in to the kitchen to give Sara some privacy while she worked herself with this vibrating plastic toy. Soon she was getting ready to cum and she noticed her pussy starting to glow, "Hey its working!" She yelled out to Jen, before she arched back and finally came! After a moment of catching her breath she looked down and saw the vibrator was smoking, apparently she it burned out as her pussy tried to absorb energy from it!

Sara walked in to the Kitchen showing Jen her burnt up sex toy, "sorry!" She said while placing it on the table!

"How do you feel?" Jen asked

"I'm not sure, I feel ok but I don't think it will last long!" Sara responded.

Jen started to ponder a solution when she said "ok you need to call the ghostbusters, i may have a plan and..." Jen suddenly stopped with Sara looking at her puzzled!

"Jen, what was the plan? Jen? What did you want me to tell them??" Sara said Trying to get Jens attention.

Jen stood there for a moment as the slime in her head began to affect her again! After a minute she smiled at Sara and said "the plan yes! Well it's very simple really," without Sara noticing she turned on the daucet and let a little slime drip in to her hand before she said "come with me!"

Jen took Sara by the hand and went down the hall to another apartment and knocked on the door. A young Handsome looking man answered the door as she pushed past him and walked in with Sara in toe. The man said "Um woah Jen? What's going on? Do you need something?"

Sara looked at Jen with a concerned look! "Who's he? What's the plan? Is it safe to be here with him?" Jen smiled at Sara before planting a kiss on her lips and flinging her hand full of slime in to the face of the gentleman whose apartment they invaded.

Sara pulled away "What the hell are you doing?" She asked in a stern voice as the guy behind her was trying to wipe himself off but was just spreading the pink ooze around as Sara looked over at him! "No no no you didn't?" She said to Jen who stared back at her with a fiendish smile on her face. 

"Did what? You wanted to know the plan right? This is the plan, we are going to Fuck whomever we want and we are going to gather energy for Doll!" She said sliding her finger up in to Sara's pussy getting her turned on while she squirmed and tried to resist but it was no use and soon Sara was feeling the hunger again and could not resist. "Now let's show this guy the best time of his life and do our job!" She said pulling her fingers out while they both turned to their new prey and pushed him down on the couch! The slime was beginning to take its toll on him and that mixed with their pheromones he became more submissive.

Jen worked on getting his pants off while Sara unbuttoned his shirt. "What the fuck is going on here? The fuck are you doing?" He asked as these 2 woman had their way with him forcing him to lay down on the couch.

Jen and Sara quickly removed their clothing letting him look at both their amazing bodies, they could tell he was getting in to it because he started getting hard! Jen leaned down and began to suck his cock while Sara positioned herself to sit on his face! He was a little shocked at first but he stuck his tongue out and began to molest Sara's aching pussy while Jen massaged his balls while tongue bathing his cock, every now and then she would let go and squeeze his member between her breast's sliding up and down making him moan while he sucked on Sara clit making her squirm on top of him!

Soon Jen got up behind Sara and dropped her pussy down on his lubricated cock and began to ride him while at the same time reaching around and massaging Sara's breast! All 3 of them were in heaven! Jen was riding his raging boner, while he tongue wrestled with Sara's pussy with Jenny behind her tickling her nipples, it was an amazing feeling for all 3 of them! 

Soon his cock began to glow as they were getting ready to absorb his energy! Sara worried for a moment about both of them draining him but she couldn't do much in her current state, soon the guy below them began to buck his hips still trying to bring Sara to climax when he suddenly couldn't take anymore and his dick erupted in to Jen filling her with energy as she held on to Sara's tits and let some of the energy flow through her and in to Sara as all 3 of them Shared and insanely pleasurable orgasm! 

Sara sat there breathing heavily as she came down from this feeling as Jen still holding her breast's kissed her on the side of the neck and whispered in her ear "now wasn't that fun?...and look!" Jen said pointing down at their victim, "he's still alive, so why can't we has some fun!" She said giving her sensitive breast a nice little squeeze before letting go and climbing off! 

Sara was starting to think that Jen was right, which worried her because she knew it was wrong, but something seemed different, maybe it was the energy that passed through Jen before entering her but she was starting to feel the same way, she was starting to not care about her victims and just wanted this feeling! "You know what?" Sara said before climbing off the guys face and smiling at Jen! "Let's go have some fun!"