 As Amber returned home with her free sample from the sex toy shop she put her bag down on a table by the door when she walked in. She took out the bottle and examined it a moment before putting it in her underwear drawer in her bedroom. She didn't want anyone finding it just laying around while visiting.

She decided to make herself a snack before jumping in the shower. As she was away the slime began to spill out of the bottle in her underwear drawer, it found a Farley new pair of panties and started to engulf it completely coating them in slime. As the slime hardened slightly and become soft the panties motioned themselves to the top of the drawer and waited.

Amber finished her shower and wrapped herself in a towel whole she dried her hair. She was getting ready for a blind date a friend of hers had set up and wanted to look good. As she went to get dressed she opened her underwear drawer and saw a very soft sexy pink pair right on top. "Must have been one of the new ones I bought!" She said to herself as she put them on followed by her bra and a nice little 1 piece black dress.

As she was in the cab on her way to the restaurant to meet her date she started feeling a little strange. She was suddenly very horny. She tried to just brush it off and have a nice evening.

As she arrived she met a very handsome man whom was her date and they sat down at a table. His name was Jared, and they shared some similar interests but Amber was having a very hard time concentrating as she kept feeling this urge between her legs, she wanted to jump his bones so badly and she was confused because this wasn't like her, she was usually very in control when it comes to sex but something was very wrong tonight.

What she didn't realize was her panties had begun to dissolve and the slime was merging with her sex organs making her start to lose control of her pussy. Soon she couldn't take much more and tried to find a way to get out of there without hurting Jared feelings. Finally she convinced him that she wasn't feeling well and needed to leave. "I'm so sorry about this!" She kept saying to reassure him it was nothing personal. He offered to give her a ride home to which she reluctantly accepted.

The ride home seemed to take forever as every bump of the car made her pussy quiver, she need to cum so badly but could not understand why. When they pulled up to the apartment building she paused for a moment going back and forth in her brain about the decision she was about to make before she finally asked him to walk her to her door!

The elevator seemed to take forever and she was starting to squirm. From Jared's perspective she almost looked like she had to pee or something, he was actually beginning to worry about her, she seemed to be in severe discomfort and was sweating profusely. "Are you going to be OK?" He asked in a concerned voice as she just smiled and shook her head yes.

As they finally got to her door he said "well this was an... interesting night! But I hope we can try again when you're feeling better?" 

As Amber unlocked her door she grabbed him by the coat and pulled him in to the apartment and pushed him down on the couch before climbing on his lap. "Please don't take this the wrong way but I need you so fucking bad right now!" She said as she began to kiss him and grind on his crotch.

"Whoa wait, we just met and I'm not sure if we should!" We tried to object but as she grinded her pussy against the bulge in his pants, slime began to drip on to his jeans causing them to open up under her skirt without him noticing until he felt h.is cock suddenly get pulled in to her pussy! "Holy shit! What the...how?...oh god!" He said as her possessed pussy began sucking on his cock almost like a mouth.

"I don't know...OH!...what's going on...FUCK!...just...just go with it!" She said as her pussy finally became satisfied.

She bounce up and down on his cock for a few minutes before her dress began to rise up off of her like invisible hands were pulling it off, next her bra came undone and flew off too. Jared was in shock at what was happening but couldn't help but notice her body was incredible. He soon leaned forward and started sucking on her nipples while squeezing her breast's in his hands as her pussy began coating his cock with slime making him harder. Soon his shirt started to unbutton and his pants slid off the rest of the way.

His dick began to fill with slime and budge bigger than usual as Amber squeaked with pleasure as it filled her even more. Soon he could feel the pressure building and before he could react his dick exploded warm goo up in to her making them both scream out their lust! 

After a moment she looked at him and said "not bad for our first date huh?" Jared smiled trying to catch his breath while Amber tried to pull herself off of him when she realized she couldn't. "Um... this is weird!" She said unable to let go of his cock while Jared looked at her confused before he realized the same thing she did.

Suddenly her pussy began to pulse again while still holding on to his cock. "Oh shit...oh FUCK!" She yelled out as her need for him came back full and she started riding him again. Jared sat there confused as his dick began to enlarge again fully ready to keep going. 

"FUCK...oh god...what are you?" He said as they continued to Fuck uncontrollably over and over again, each time feeling just as if not more amazing than before hours later as they fucked for the 10th time Jared finally passed out from exhaustion, after which Amber's pussy finally let go of him and she was able to climb off falling to the floor.

As she laid there for a moment she felt her pussy starting to throb again. "Oh my god, please stop! I can't take anymore!" She said out loud, and oddly enough when she did she felt something odd happening in her pussy, she suddenly felt pressure and without even touching herself she started orgasming again this time a few gallons of slime began to spray out of her all over the floor along with some sort of pink mist. 

The mist began to take form, it had 2 arms and a long ghostly tail, along with 2 large breast that seemed to bounce when it moved. The face was female and cute but almost cartoonish and its hair seemed to float like it was underwater. It looked around and smiled at Amber before floating over above Jared's dick giving a little kiss making it squirted out some slime before it finally deflated. Then it flew away and was gone leaving a a little slime stain where it went through the wall. 

Amber laid there and soon realized her constant urge to fuck was gone, her pussy had returned to normal. Looking down at the pink goo on her hard wood floor she suddenly had a thought, "oh shit?" She said as she got up and ran to her bedroom opening up her underwear drawer where she noticed the bottle of slime had spilt out leaving a dry stain on the bottom of the drawer. "What the hell is this stuff?" She asked herself before noticing that the rest of her underwear was gone as well. "Where did all?... uh oh!"