 Felicia woke early that morning as the sun came up. She worked for a real estate agency and was showing an apartment to someone in an hour so she got showered and ready to go. Felicia was an attractive girl with blonde hair which she put up in a pony tail for work. She wore glasses, and she was wearing a white button up with a black skirt which was very business casual. Before she got dressed she grabbed a pair of panties from her drawer without looking, she had not noticed the pair she grabbed was not one of hers, something had placed them there while she slept.

She arrived at the apartment waiting for her client and went inside. The place was partially furnished with a couch and some appliances to give it some charm. Felicia was feeling odd all morning, she couldn't quite put her finger on what the problem was but she felt very warm and kept feeling like she as being watched. Ambers panties had already begun to work their magic to which Felicia did not even realize.

She heard a knock at the door and went to let her client on. This tall Handsome gentleman stood in the hall and said "hi I'm Dean, you must be Felicia?" He said with a smile on his face.

"Yes I am, nice to meet you Dean. Please come in." She replied as she invited him in and shut the door.

"OK so first here Is the living room ." She said as she gave him a tour of the apartment, selling him all the perks it comes with. Everything was going fine until she heard something odd.

"Felicia!"

"Yes, did you say something?" She said looking at Dean.

Dean shook his head no and replied "nope I was just listening to you."

Continuing down the hall showing him the bathroom she glanced over at the mirror and shrieked a little as for a brief moment she thought she saw a woman standing behind her in the reflection. 

"Are you ok?" Dean asked.

"Looking around the room first she replied "um...yeah, guess I'm just a bit jumpy today."

They went in to the kitchen and she showed him the appliances that were already installed

"FELICIA!" She heard again making her jump.

"Did you hear that?" She said looking at Dean who just had a confused look on his face.

Felicia was starting to worry, "What the hell is wrong with me? And why is it so damn hot in here" She thought to herself trying to catch her bearings.

Dean put his hand on her shoulder and said "ok why don't you sit down." Leading her back to the couch in the living room. He ran back to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water for her. 

Felicia took a sip as she sat there trying to clear her head. "I dunno what's wrong with me! I just don't feel right. It feels like something is... I dunno... watching me?" She said to Dean, she suddenly closed her eyes and leaned back on the couch. After a moment she looked at Dean and said "Is it hot in here or is it just me?"

Dean was about to answer when he noticed she was ripping her shirt open revealing her black bra and then pulling her skirt off dropping it on the floor. "Woah!... Felicia what the hell are you doing?" He asked a little shocked at what he saw.

"Who the fuck is Felicia?" she said before jumping on him straddling his lap and kissing him.

Dean pulled away and said "woah woah woah, um... wow, is this a new selling strategy because it's...well it's great and all but..."

"Shut up and fuck me!" She said in a voice that almost didn't sound like hers before she started pulling his pants off as the both fell on the floor.

Dean was still a little confused about what was happening but soon he gave in, he thought to himself "Shit this isn't what I expected today, but she's hot, I'm single, fuck it!"

After she got his pants off he pulled her panties off and began to tease her clit with his tongue making her moan and squirm, she removed her bra showing her modestly size tits as he continued to eat her out. After a few minutes she pushed him on his back and grabbed his cock licking the tip before shoving it in her mouth. She sucked him off like a woman possessed. Dean laid back and enjoyed the feeling as she didn't hold back, she suck him so hard he was sure he might have popped some blood vessels in his shaft.

She took the elastic in her hair out letting it flow freely and threw her glasses across the room before she climbed on top of him forcing his cock in to her pussy making her squeal as she milked him dry! He leaned up and began sucking on her tiny tits making her nipples perk up in response to his tongue.

"Oh god fuck me! FUCK ME you mortal bastard!" She yelled out as she rode his cock.

FUCK ME LIKE WE'RE GOING TO HELL!

Dean was shocked by what he was hearing, but it almost turned him on even more as he picked her up with his cock still in her and dropped her on the couch pile driving her from on top. She wrapped her legs around his waist and grabbed his back holding him close to her

As he kissed her neck and slapped her ass a few times. "OH...FUCK...YES!"

She screamed out as the both shared an amazing orgasm as he unloaded in to her and she squeezed her legs tightly around him so making sure not even a drop escaped!

Dean and Felicia laid on each other for a moment before he pulled himself up looking down at the cute Real Estate agent he just conquered. His jaw dropped as he saw a light in her chest. "What the fuck?" He said as he watched it rise up and a red ball of light floated out of her mouth and disappeared through the wall.

"Felicia? Are you ok?" He asked shaking her shoulders a little before she opened her eyes. She had a satisfied look on her face that soon turned in to confusion.

"Wait? What the...? Did we just? What the fuck?" She said in a panic.

"Wait you don't remember?" Dean asked.

Felicia paused for a moment before saying "It's very fuzzy, I remember having amazing sex, but it was like I wasn't in control. It almost felt like a hallucination. If that makes any sense? And then I felt something warm leave my body!...You must think I'm crazy?"

Dean laughed a little before he replied "I think I need to buy you a cup of coffee. Or maybe something stronger?... oh an uh, I'll take the apartment!" He said handing her the shirt she threw on the floor.

Felicia smiled at him as they both got dressed. "Hey have you seen my underwear?" She said unable to find her panties.