 As Doll awoke still lying next to Alex she felt charged. She stood up and stretched as her clothes liquefied and slither back on to her returning to the pink dress she had before. She glanced over at the young man she had her way with the night before still asleep and gave him a quick peck on the cheek before she head out the door. 

Before she left she noticed a phone book on the table, she picked it up and flipped through a few pages before she saw an ad for a strip club not far from her location. Doll smiled and said "Lilith can wait, I have an idea!"

Doll strolled around the city looking at all the people. She could sense all their sexual fantasies as she walked past them. She started to notice some people arguing on the sidewalk. She then noticed someone steal a woman's purse and run down an alley. Doll suddenly felt a cold feeling inside her as she decided to just try to get to the strip club as soon as she could.

About an hour later Doll walked through the front door of the adult entertainment establishment she glanced around. It was early in the day so there were not too many people there at the moment. The woman on stage was an attractive blonde with short hair and tattoos, she also saw a brunette walking around offering people lap dances and massages. There was one bouncer at the door, a large muscular gentleman with his arms crossed and a cute little red head at the bar. She only saw 3 or 4 gentleman there watching the show.

Doll smiled before she walked over to a man sitting by himself nursing a drink, as she approached him her clothing changed from the pink dress to a set of pink lingerie while no one was looking. She walked up behind him putting her hands on his shoulders and whisper in his ear "How would you like a private dance handsome?"

The young man was startled at first but smiled at her and replied. "Oh I'm sorry, I don't have a lot of money to work with today,"

Doll gave him a sexy grin and responded with "well how about this one be on the house?" She said slipping the shoulder straps of her bra down getting him turned on.

He sat there with a "Oh my god" Look in his face as she took him by the hand and led him to one of the back rooms. Because it wasn't very busy there was very little security as she lead him in a private room locking the door behind her.

Doll walked him over to the chair and motioned for him to get comfortable, as she began to dance in front of him. "So tell me a little about yourself," she said as she started to grind on his lap.

"Um, im Greg, I'm a janitor." He said kind of shamed at his profession.

"Well that's good, because it'll probably get messy in here!" She said with a devilish smile. "You can call me Doll!"

Doll removed her top and displayed her amazing breast's for Greg to see as she straddled him. She could feel his erection in his pants as she grinded herself against his crotch. She climbed off his lap and kneeled down rubbing her hands on his crotch, and started to unbuckled his belt, "woah wait a minute, that's not allowed, is it?" Greg said.

"Why not? I put so much work in to this and I can even see it?" She said as she unzipped his pants and pulled his underwear down revealing his erect cock. Greg squirmed in his chair worried about what would happen if they got caught until Doll said "relax, the door is locked, nobody is gonna disturb us!"

Doll inspected his throbbing member as she began to stroke it with one hand while the other started to tickle his balls. Greg was starting to breath heavy as she teased his member driving him wild. She stuck her tongue out and started licking his tip and giving it a little suck every now and then.

Greg suddenly stood up and started pulling his pants back up. "I'm sorry I just can't do this, thank so much but I uh, I should go." He said trying to open the door that was still locked. "Can you unlock the door please?" He asked not sure how she locked it in the first place.

Doll had a disappointed look on her face as she walked over to him. "Nobody says no to me!" She said as she ripped his pants off and her hand suddenly changed in to a pink tentacle to Greg's surprise. She lunged her arm back before lunging it in to his crotch letting the slime fully engulf his cock.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" Greg yelled out as he saw her change and attach his dick. Looking down he could see his cock in the slime like it was stuck in a jello mold until he noticed his foreskin moving back and forth as it seemed like the slime was sucking him off. It didn't feel bad, it actually felt amazing, it was a warm slime feeling around his dick massaging him. "Oh my god! What are you doing!" He said as he enjoyed the sensation.

"I am going to milk you dry, you will cum and cum until I have my fill! We could have done it the old fashion way but you said no!" Doll said with almost an aggravated tone.

Greg squirmed as he realized he couldn't move as the slime started to surround his waist pinning him to the wall. Soon he had his first orgasm which was amazing, he watched as his cock sprayed his white goo in to the tendril. Soon the slime began to milk him again, "um I've already cum? You can stop now!" Greg said.

Doll said "I haven't had my fill, I will let you go when I am done."

Greg almost seemed a little worried as the slime continued to suck on his dick. He then felt something else, he felt something warm moving its way in to his asshole until that warm sensation surrounded his prostate and began to pulse. "Oh...OH...FUCK!" He said as he began to cum again spraying his goo in to her. Every time he orgasmed Doll had a look on her face like she could feel it making her orgasm as well.

Greg began to sweat as he wasn't sure how much more he could take as she squeezed and massaged his cock and his prostate making him cum over and over again. He was on his 15th orgasm as he shouted "Oh GOD! No more please i can't take any...FUCK! Greg shot another load in to her before he collapsed unconscious hanging there as he was still pinned at the waist. Doll sucked up everything she could before she pulled away releasing him letting his body fall to the floor.

Dolls arm morphed back in to a hand as she walked over his unconscious body and left the room walking back in to the main strip club area. As the girl on the stage finished her act and started to walk to the back Doll got up on stage. There was about 10 guys in the place at this point who all cheered as she got up there in her topless glory. Using her new powers she raised her hands locking every door in the place without anyone noticing. Her eyes turned a solid pink color and the light began to flicker throughout the place. Suddenly one guys said "what the fuck?" As he looked down at his pants that were starting to unbuckled themselves and slide down while he stood there revealing his dick to everyone.

Before anyone else could say anything suddenly everyone's pants began to open up. "What the fuck is going on?" Someone shouted as suddenly everyone's dick was out in the open for Doll to see. Her arms started to split up and form in to multiple tentacles before she shot the out and grabbed every dick in the place coating them in her slimy grips as she began to milked every cock in the place. The woman behind the bar tried to run for the door but suddenly she tripped as another slimy tentacle wrapped around her ankle and dragged her all the way to the stage. Doll stared down at her with her solid pink eyes as this poor girls pants also began to open and the tentacle shoved it's way in to her pussy. One of the strippers on the floor ran back to the dressing room to warn the other girls but they were suddenly all grabbed as well by multiple slimy tendrils coming through the curtain. They were all being pinned to their chairs as each one of them was violated by Dolls slime!

Doll absorbed the sexual energy of everyone one in the building as she gave everyone orgasm after orgasm against their will even though few of them were complaining!

Doll did this for about an hour until she finally had her fill of everyone there, leaving them all satisfied and out cold as she retracted all her tendrils reforming her human form! 

Doll looked around the room full of bodies as she suddenly felt something she hadn't expected. She felt a little guilty at doing this. "What has come over me?" She said to herself. She sat and thought about it for a moment when she realized on her way there she had walked around new York city and must have started to absorb some of that negative energy again. She got angry when Greg turned her down, she basically raped everyone in this place. "No! I can't go back to that! I wont!" She said as her clothes reformed and she left the strip club.