 Back at Tim and Mollys apartment the 2 of them were still in bed. Lamps had been knocked over, there were clothes everywhere, the bed had collapsed to the floor as the leg had all broken. Molly awoke looking down at her husband who had scratches all over him and possibly even a black eye. She was very sore as well as she had some scratches and bruises.

"Honey? Are you ok?" She said Trying to wake up Tim. Tim opened his eyes and looked around trying to focus his eyes.

"What the hell happened?" Tim said to his wife who seemed to be her again.

"I remember a woman knocking at the door, the I remember you and I fucking, like really fucking!!" Molly said.

"I remember a woman doing something to me and you? It's all fuzzy, the sex was great though!" Tim responded.

Molly smiled and said "yeah maybe after a few days we can try that again!"

They got up and headed for the bathroom to get cleaned up and showered.

-----------------

A few floors up a young girl named Hailey was getting ready for her boyfriend Mitchell to come over and they were going out for the afternoon. Hailey was an attractive brunette with swimsuit models body, her and Mitchell had only been dating a few weeks but there loved spending time together. 

She had just finished getting dressed when she thought she heard a noise down the hall. She peaked around the corner looking at the door to the spare bedroom and didn't see anything out of place. "That's weird? I'm hearing growling in my apartment!" She said laughing it off!

Hailey was just waiting for Mitchell at this point and Sara down on her recliner in the living room to watch some tv while she waited. Suddenly she heard a growling noise again coming from the spare bedroom and she saw a light shining from under the door. 

Starting to get a little scared she grabbed an umbrella to use as a weapon if she need and slowly walked towards the door. As she approached the door the light seemed to disappear and the growling had stopped. With umbrella in hand she flung the door open ready to fight only to see an empty room filled with boxes. "I must be loosing my mind!" She said out loud as she closed the door and turned around and screamed as she saw a large Demonic looking Dog in her living room staring at her before it opened its mouth letting out a loud growl before pouncing at her.

----------------

Mitchell had just walked in to the building and was waiting for the elevator. As he rode it up to the 10th floor where Haileys apartment was he was thinking about how lucky he was. 

Mitchell had always asked himself "How the hell did I end up with a girl like Hailey. She was so smart, sexy, had a great sense of humor, she too good for me!"

As the elevator opened he walked up to Her apartment and knocked on the door. A minute went by with now answer so he knocked again. As he stood there he checked his watch to make sure we he wasn't too early when the door suddenly opened.

Standing before him was Hailey but something about her seemed different, she had the make up on that made her eyes look dark and sexy, she was wearing a red dress that showed off her legs and barely hung on her shoulders.

"Wow!" Mitchell said as her tried not to stare.

"Are you the keymaster?" She said in a seductive voice.

"Keymaster? Not that I know of?" He replied.

Suddenly the door slammed shut in his face. As he stood there confused he knocked again. The door opened again with Hailey standing there ash she repeated the question. "Are you the keymaster?"

Deciding to play along he replied "yes I am!"

She moved letting him enter the apartment. Mitchell looked around and saw what looked like scratch marks in the rug and slime dripping from the walls need the door to the storage room/spare bedroom. 

"So what happened in her Hailey?" Mitchell asked,

"There is no Hailey, there is only Zuul!" She responded as she walked past him heading towards her bedroom.

Mitchell wasn't sure what to make of all this but he decided to play along. She looked incredible and he didn't really care what the game was if it was leading where he hoped it was leading. He followed her to the bedroom as his curiosity continued.

"So Zuul? What's the plan?" He asked as she crawled on to the bed.

"We have gotten our new bodies and need to continue the ritual." She said as she laid down on the bed. "Do you want the body?'

Mitchell was starting to sweat, he had wanted her since they started dating and the tightening in his pants was making it hard to resist.

She grabbed his shirt pulling herself up to Him before planting a kiss on his lips and in a seductive voice she whispered "take me now!" As she pulled him down on the bed wrapping her legs around him. Mitchell soon gave in and started to reciprocate her by kissing her back while she worked on getting his pants open. As they rolled around on the bed Mitch noticed she was not wearing any underwear under the dress and his was soon torn off. She lifted the dress off herself revealing her perfect breasts. All the time they were together he wonder how her petite perfect body could support those things, there were not gigantic but big enough to notice!

She began licking his cock while taking his balls in her hand working his shaft. "Holy fuck!" Mitch said as he tried to wrap his head around all of this, he had no idea Hailey was this crazy in bed. She gave him a few good sucks before she crawled up on top of him and slid her wet pussy down around his throbbing member. He laid there as she rode his cock like a crazed woman, moaning and even growling a little. Mitch pulled himself up and took her breast's in his hands as he started to tease her nipples with his tongue making her squeal and moan even more. She felt incredibly warm on his dick, her whole body seemed to radiate heat. He flipped her over on the mattress and thrusted in to her while her legs wrapped around his waist. Her pussy felt amazing as he slid in and out of her, almost like as he pulled away it tightened around his cock giving it a little extra suck which felt incredible.

After a few moments he couldn't hold on much longer and his dick erupted in to her making her scream out with pleasure. Mitch collapsed on her, "that was amazing Hailey!" 

As he pulled himself up she looked at him and said "there is no Hailey only Zuul." 

She flipped him over and started to ride him again as he said "woah wait a minute, I need a minute or so, and what's with all this Zuul talk?"

Haileys eyes began to turn red and she began to growl as if she were angry with him. "You are not the keymaster!" She said staring down at him before pulling herself of his dick and grabbing her red dress and putting it back on.

"Hailey what are you do..." he asked before he was interrupted.

"THERE IS NO HAILEY! ONLY ZUUUUL!" She screamed in a demonic voice with her eyes glaring red.

Before he could do anything there was a bright flash of light in the corner of the room that made the both cover their eyes. Standing there was the tall sexy woman with wings and horns. Mitch's mouth dropped as he wasn't sure what the hell was going on as this demonic woman approached the bed.

"Well well isn't this a party!" She said as she placed her hand on Haileys cheek to which she seemed to welcome. "OK Zuuly, you've had your fun but I thinks it's time to go home don't you? I already sent Vinz back so he'll be waiting for you." The demonic woman said before she snapped her finger and Haileys eyes glowed a bright white and she collapsed on the bed.

"Oh my god? What did you do to her?" Mitchell said concerned for Hailey.

"Calm down there handsome, I just gave you back your girlfriend!" She replied, "by the way I'm Lilith! And who are you crazy kids?"

Mitchell wasn't sure what to think as he said "I'm uh... I'm Mitchell, and she's Hailey!"

He looked over at Hailey who started to get up with her hand on her head, she looked confused as she saw Lilith standing there and Mitchell naked. "What's going on?" She asked still a little foggy.

"Well that's a good question, let's just say you were possessed by a demon who likes to have sex, And poor Mitchell here fell victim to you charms!" Lilith said to the confused couple.

"Hailey are you ok? I'm so sorry! I thought it was you!" Mitchell pleaded to her.

"I remember some sort of large dog attacking me, then I remember you and I having sex, this is all very weird!' Hailey said.

Lilith smiled as she sat down on the bed between them as she leaned over and whispered something in Hailey's ear. Mitchell couldn't hear what she said but still tried to listen.

"OK we'll my work here is done, but before I leave I'm going to leave you 2 with a little present." Lilith said before she put her hand up and blew a pink mist in to the air that they both breathed in. "Now you 2 have fun!"

Mitchell coughed a little before he said "wait what was that?"

Lilith smiled and said "oh you'll find out in about a minute or so," and in a flash she was gone.

Mitchell was confused about everything as he looked over at Hailey who was smiling at him. "Hailey I'm so sorry I didn't know, how could i? I thought it was a game or something,"

Hailey put her hand on his mouth, "It's ok!"

"Soo. What did she whisper to you a minute ago?" Mitchell asked.

"Well lets just say she read your mind for me!"

Hailey said.

"Really? Um... what did she see?" Mitchell said worried,

"Nothing mutch! But let me just say" she said as she leaned in to his ear. "I love you too!"

Mitchells heart skipped a beat as she gave him a kiss. They both stopped as the noticed something odd, Mitchells dick suddenly became hard as a rock and he was ready to go again, Haileys pussy suddenly began to swell a little and get very wet like she needed to Fuck him right then and there!

"I guess that was Liliths gift!" Hailey said before she climbed on top of Mitchell still wearing the sexy Zuul dress.

"Wait, are you sure it's you this time?" Mitchell asked.

Hailey smiled at him and whispered in his ear "There's only one way to find out!" As she started to ride his cock again!