 Kevin shook his head thinking he had gone mad. "I'm losing my mind! My dick is talking to me, I've gone crazy!" He said to himself.

"I'm afraid not stud!" Said the voice in his dick.

"What the hell are you, get out of my dick!!" He commanded.

"Woah is that anyway to speak to a lady? Better yet a lady who kinda has you by the balls right now?" The voice said with a giggle.

Kevin was beginning to freak out but tried to calm himself down a little before asking, "What are you? What do you want?"

His dick wiggles a little before responding, "Remember that sexy woman who handed you the bottle at the shop? Let's just say im part of her! Or she's me? It's hard to explain but you can call me Doll!"

"Ok? That doesn't really explain why you're in my Dick! What are you? Kevin asked.

"You already know what I am, you were looking it up online before I merged with you." Doll replied.

"Mood slime? But I thought that was something that was contained years ago, and made people angry and violent?" Kevin said confused.

"I can do a lot more than that now! Here let me show you!" Doll said before his dick suddenly started to twitch and vibrate. Kevin was suddenly having a hard time standing up as he could feel the pleasure boiling up in his cock to the point he fell back on the bed and let the sensation sweep over him. He looked down and saw his dick wiggling and buzzing on its own, along with watching his foreskin slide back and forth as if he was being jerked off by invisible hands. He could feel the warm goo moving around his balls making him moan with pleasure before he finally started to feel an orgasm building inside him but stronger than he had ever felt before, every time he thought he was about to blow the sensation grew stronger and stronger to the point he clenched his fists and arched his back begging for release. Doll held him right on the edge of cumming for a few seconds until she finally gave him release as he shot out what seemed like gallons of pink ooze all over himself.

As Kevin laid there covered in the pink slime trying to catch his breath he heard the voice from his crotch say "was that good for you?" With a slight giggle at the end.

Kevin walked to his bathroom to take a shower and clean the gunk off himself. As he washed up his dick began to speak to him again saying "well you're being quiet! Do you give every girl who gets you off the cold shoulder after?"

Kevin sighed and said "what do you want from me, that felt amazing but I'd kinda like control of my dick back if you don't mind?"

"All in due time, besides we can have a lot more fun for now! Doll said.

"What do you mean fun? What are you going to do? Kevin asked.

"Well I've kinda turned your dick in to a slime maker, every time you cum you help me create more and more slime and that's what I need you to keep doing, Cum!" Doll said.

"Well last time I checked you were in control so what do want me to...oh shit!...OH FUCK!" Kevin said as his dick suddenly started twitching again, the feeling caught him off guard and he fell to the tub floor as his dick started building another orgasm that he couldn't stop. Kevin laid on the tub floor as he watched his dick suddenly begin to grow and stretch as the sensation grew stronger. His dick had grown to about a foot long and maybe 3 inches thick and didnt seem to be stopping. "Holy shit! Please stop this! Oh my god please stop!!" He pleaded.

As his dick bulged he heard Dolls voice. "Hang on this is gonna be a big one!" She said right before he cock began to erupt shooting pink slime up in the air hitting the ceiling and dropping back down on him. His cock kept spraying and spraying non stop to the point the tub was filling up faster than it could drain. The feeling had so intense Kevin couldn't help but scream out his pleasure as his dick fire hosed all over the bathroom.

As the flow from his cock finally began to slow down the tub was filled to the brim with pink ooze before it slowly started to drain. Kevin was so over stimulated the room was spinning while his dick squirted out a few last bits of slime. His dick had returned to his normal erect size as Doll began to speak to him again.

"I don't know what you're complaining about! Wasn't that fun, I'm gonna keep doing that to you and spread my slime all over this campus, you might as well just relax and enjoy the ride, I promise you won't regret it!" Doll said via his cock! 

---------------

The slime had started to flow through the plumbing all around the college campus. Doll knew colleges were full of young horny students, and knew she could get as much sexual energy as she wanted from them, and it was a good way to focus her energy in an area without a lot of negativity! 

As the slime flowed along it suddenly stopped in a dorm room a few buildings over from Kevins. Sandra didn't notice the faucet in her bathroom had begun to slowly leak little drops of pink ooze while she was talking to her roommate Julie waiting for her boyfriend Ted to come pick her up.

Sandra was a tall attractive blonde, while Julie was a more petite girl with dirty blonde hair. Sandra had been dating Ted for a month or so while Julie was more of the party girl who didn't want to commit to anyone right now. She secretly had always had a crush on Sandra but never acted on it because she knew Sandra had a boy friend and didn't think she'd be in to her.

"Knock knock!" They heard as Ted was at the door. Sandra let him in and headed for the bathroom to freshen up. Ted started chatting with Julie while Sandra shut the door behind her and went to apply some eye liner. She went to turn on the faucet only to see pink sludge start to drip out and fill the sink.

"Eww, that's disgusting." She said out loud turning the faucet back off to let the sludge drain, only it didn't, almost seemed too thick to drain properly. She soon payed it no mind and continued to apply makeup. She didn't notice the ooze had begun to bubble and expand in the sink, also she didn't notice the skirt of her dress was slowly starting to lift up on its own revealing her panties in front of the sink. A small tentacle began to form out of the slime reaching for her pussy while she leaned forward focusing on her eyeliner in the mirror. Suddenly her underwear slid down her legs. "What the hell?" She said feeling her underwear getting pulled off only to look down and see the slimy tentacle in the sink reaching for her pussy. Before she could scream the slime lunged at her and entered her pussy giving her a sudden rush and lightheaded feeling as the slime began to fill her. Julie and Ted sat in the other room unaware of what was happening to Sandra.

A few minutes later Sandra emerged from the bathroom. "Hey babe, you ready to get going?" Ted said.

Sandra looked at him and Julie for a moment before she jumped on top of Ted pushing him down on the bed and sticking her tongue in his mouth. 

"Woah, I guess I'll leave then?" Julie said a little aggravated at what she was doing in front of her. As she went to leave Sandra reached up and grabbed her hand and pulled her down on to the bed with both of them.

"Woah what the hell are you doing Sandra?" Ted said confused by what was going on. Sandra pulled Julie and planted a kiss on her lips to Julie surprise while she was still straddled on top of Ted. Sandra lifted up her skirt and showed off her pussy to Julie while she opened up tends pants and started sucking on his dick. Ted was confused but was getting in to it while Julie was still a little hesitant but soon said the hell with it and started to eat out Sandra while she went down on ted.

As Julie licked Sandra out she suddenly almost chocked a little as something suddenly slid down her throat. "Cough. ...what the fuck was that?...cough!" Julie said before she suddenly started to feel light headed, the room seemed to start spinning and she started to feel some swelling in her pussy as she suddenly became unnaturally horny. She ripped off her clothes and climbed in to bed with both of them. Sandra stopped sucking on Ted and started to eat out Julies swollen pussy while her hand continued to stroke Ted cock keeping him hard. Julie squirmed with pleasure as Sandra went to town on her, she had dreamed about this for so long that she almost didn't care about all the odd things that were happening.

Sandra had let go of Ted and was focusing all her attention on Julie but positioned herself with her pussy so Ted could gain access. Ted walked around the bed and jammed his cock in to Sandras inviting pussy as she continued to eat out Julie. Ted was thrusting himself in and out of her almost not believing all this was happening. Her pussy squeezed around his cock milking him as he jammed it in back and forth completely unaware of what had happened to Sandra in the bathroom or what was happening to his dick right now.

Soon he was starting to come close to orgasm and judging by Sandra and Julie moans so we're day as he continued to thrust until finally he shot his load in to her making her squeal out in delight. He collapsed on her back started to catch his breath when he felt his dick becoming hard again. "Oh shit, I think I can go again!" He said as Sandra suddenly moved over and motioned for him to start fucking Julie who was still writhing in ecstasy.

"Are you sure babe?" He said almost not sure if his girlfriend would be ok with him fucking her roommate. Sandra picked up Julie from behind and motioned for a Ted to enter, which he did. Ted started to Fuck Julie while Sandra played with her breast from behind her. Julie moaned as they both had their way with her. The slime that had slithered down her throat was already working it's magic in her while the slime all over Ted cock was beginning to do the same to him.

Pretty soon Ted started to approach orgasm again and felt his cock twitch before he exploded in to Julie making her scream with delight before collapsing on to the bed. Ted was sweating as he looked over at Sandra who had slid up to the head of the bed and spread her legs inviting him over to her again. "Babe I don't know if I can..." he stopped when he noticed his dick become hard yet again. "What the fuck?" He said as he saw his dick dripping with pink goo. He soon went from just wanting to fuck her again to almost an aching need to fuck her. He jumped in to bed and slid inside Sandra again as she wrapped her legs around him and moaned loudly as he fucked her with everything he had.

Julie looked over at them on the bed and suddenly need to fuck again as well. She got up and ran across the whole frantically knocking on the door. The door opened and her classmate Neil opened the door to the shock of this sexy name woman outside his door.

"Julie what the hell are you..." he stopped when she planted a kiss on him pushing him in to the dorm room until he fell back on his bed. "wait.. what are you doing? I mean this is... Wow!" He soon gave in to her as she pulled his pants off and began to ride his already stiffening cock.