 Ms Lilly was the science professor and she had a student taking a makeup test after class that day. She was in her late 30s but still a very attractive woman. A lot of the students said she had a sexy librarian look going with her nice legs, Auburn hair and glasses. The student Finn had missed the mid term due to an illness so he was making it up today.

Ms Lily sat at her desk waiting for Finn to and did not notice a small pink puddle starting to form out of a cracked in the floor near the wall, slowly spreading out across the floor. The slime was getting closer and closer to her chair when she stood up to go and see how Finn was doing on the test. When she planted her feet she did not notice the back of her heal in the puddle of pink ooze before she walked over to his desk.

"How's the test coming along Finn?" She said as she stood over him.

"I'm almost done Ms Lilly, just one page left." He responded.

Suddenly she got a slight head rush which made her loose other balance a little grabbing Finns should to hold herself up.

"Are you alright professor?" He asked as he felt her wait on him.

"Yes Im... fine I think!" She said unable to keep her balance as she sat down in the chair next to him. She wasn't sure what was wrong but she suddenly wanted to rip Finns clothes off and fuck right there in the middle of the class room. "What the hell?" She thought to herself as the idea kept coming in to her head.

Finn looked at her checking to see if she was ok before she stood back up and said to him. "Finn, why don't you finish your test in my office while I go grade some papers." 

Before Finn could respond she took him by the hand leading him in to her office. She planted him down in the chair in front of her desk while she sat down across from him. She started going through papers trying to get the idea out him out of her head.

Finn sat at the desk continuing his test when he suddenly felt something very odd. Ms Lily had removed her shoe and had start rubbing her foot on his pant leg. He didn't think much of it at first until he noticed her foot was starting to slide hire up his leg. He looked up at her and she was still grading papers so he put his head down and tried to focus on his test but his hand was starting to shake as he could feel her foot getting closer and closer to his crotch. Trying to convince himself he was just imagining it until suddenly her foot made contact with his crotch, she was slowly tickling him with her toes moving them in a circular motion on his dick which felt incredible but he was starting to get nervous.

"Um! Ms Lilly, what are you doing?" He asked as her toes continued to play with his crotch.

"She looked up at him with a confused look on her face before saying. "Oh my, Finn, I am so sorry!" She said as she dropped her pen on the floor. "Just a sec!" She said as she climbed under the desk to retrieve it. 

As Finn sat there confused about what was going on he suddenly felt 2 hands pulling on his pants, removing his belt and unzipping him under the table. "Um professor, what are you?" He stopped suddenly when he felt his dick come of and her perky lips were around his member sucking him off!

"Holy fuck!...oh shit!" He stuttered to get out as his teacher went to town on his cock. She slowly slid her lips up and down on him teasing his tip with her tongue the whole way up and down. He felt his chair start to be pushed back away from the desk as she crawled out from under the table with her mouth still secured around his dick. She put her hands on his lap rubbing his thighs before she ripped her blouse open revealing her huge mounds underneath. She took off her bra and began to squeeze his cock between them while she licked and teased the top. Finn couldn't believe this was happening, he didn't know what to think, she had never shown any attraction to him before or anything.

As she massaged his cock between her boobs she slid her underwear off before she stood up and straddle him in the chair. His cock slid up in to her warm inviting pussy, "oh my god! Ms Lilly, what is all this!" He said.

Ms Lilly looked down at him and gave him a kiss before she said, "please don't tell anyone, I'll give an A just please let my fuck you, I need it so bad!" She arched her head back as she rode his quivering member while she grabbed his head and shoved his face in to her breast.

She bounced on top of him until his excitement got the better of him and he exploded up in to her before she could finish.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry I just..." he said embarrassed at finishing so soon. Ms Lilly looked down at him and climbed off his dick before she bent over her desk with her legs spread inviting him in to her again. Finn was confused at first until he noticed his dick becoming hard again. "What the... FUCK it!" He said as he shoved his renewed cock in to her pussy and thrust with everything he had trying to make sure she came this time. 

Finn didn't know what had come over himself, or either of them, none of this made sense, he had been taking a makeup test and suddenly now they were fucking like animals in her office. He soon let go of his thought as he gave in to this incredible feeling he was experiencing with his teacher. She began to moan out loud as she took his cock in to herself. Finn was in a rhythm and even gave her a few smacks on the ass as he thrusted over and over again until they both screamed out there lust as her pussy squeezed around his cock milking him while he shot everything he had in to her.

Finn collapsed on the floor while Ms Lilly rested on her desk before she laid down on the floor next to him. "That was amazing!" He said trying to catch his breath, but soon he noticed his dick was starting to get hard again. "What the hell is going on here?" He asked looking at his teacher who was watching his cock get hard again.

"I don't know, ever since we were out in the class room I've just been horny and it won't stop!" She said. "I'm so sorry about this," she continued as she climbed back on his cock and started riding him again. Finn gave in and enjoyed her on top of him, but in the back of his mind he was wondering how long this was going to last!

----------------

Back in Kevins dorm room he was still laying in the bathtub dripping with slime. Every time he tried to get up Doll would make his dick erupt more slime.

"Please stop, I can't keep doing this!" He said pleading with his possessed cock as he continued to spray out more and more slime. After a minute his dick began to twitch again and this time a large load started to spray out but something was different this time, as the slime sprayed it started to mold in to a solid form above him and after a minute he looked up and saw the woman from the store standing above him. She looked amazing as her naked body stood before him.

She reached down and pulled him up to stand with her and grabbed a towel wiping the slime off of him as he stepped out of the tub. As he cleaned himself off he looked down at his dick which was now limp and back to normal. "Oh my god, thank you thank you so much!" He said excited that his dick was no longer possessed.

Doll smiled and stepped out of the bath tub and put her hand on his chest leading him back in to the bedroom and down on his bed. She leaned down and gave him a kiss before she started kissing his chest and stomach working her way down to his cock. After a few strokes he had become hard again. "What are you doing?" He asked with a concerned look on his face.

"What? You don't want me?" She said as she gave his cock a few teases with her tongue making him fully hard again.

"Well I... I mean you're beautiful, but I mean, of course I want you! He stumbled out as she started squeezing his cock between her breasts.

Doll smiled and teased him some more before she stopped and stood up to walk away. "Wait, what are you?" He said.

"Im sorry? I thought you wanted me gone?" She said with an innocent sexy look in her face. 

"Yeah but what was all that about? Why am I hard again?" He said in a confused tone.

Don't worry there's no witch craft going on, i just turn you on i suppose! And I could finish you off but there's a catch!" She said with a mischievous grin on her face.

"Catch? What's the catch?" He said.

"I could fuck you, I could give you the greatest time of your life, no woman you ever fuck after me will ever fulfill you the way I can fulfill you. You thought I felt good when I was in your dick? That's nothing compared to what I can do to you now!" She explained to him.

As Kevin listened he almost came thinking about it. "But what's the catch?" He asked.

"The catch is, if I do this for you, you have to let me back in to your penis so I can keep making more slime!" She said with a grin as she lightly caressed his balls making him shiver all over.

Kevin sat there totally unsure what he wanted to do. When she possessed his cock it was too much, the constant orgasms over and over, he was shocked that he was horny now after finally getting his freedom back, but something about her, he just wanted to fuck her, he needed to fuck her, he needed to fuck this gorgeous woman.

Doll looked at him and said "Tick tock! I'm sure there's someone else in the building who will let me have them. So this offer is going once, going twice, and..."

"Ok! I'll do it! I'll do it!" He said not sure if he was thinking with his head or his dick!

Doll smiled and slowly walked over to him placing her hands on his thighs around his dick teasing him, tickling him, lightly touching his member with her lips just giving him a light touch which made him squirm every time. Kevin laid there with his eyes closed and just felt everything she was doing to him. Every little touch drove him crazy, he began to think to himself whether or not it was going to be worth it, but a few moments later he realized it was!