 Back in the city 2 ghostbusters were in the process of investigating the strip club Doll had had her fun in earlier. The building was empty but they were just there collecting slime samples and capturing any spirits that might have entered this world. Aida and Barry were trying to figure out what had been going on. They had not heard from Sara, Jen, or Brian in a few days and there were getting a lot of reports of paranormal sexual activity. Nobody had been hurt during the ordeal but they were still trying to figure out what was causing all of this before someone got hurt.

Aida was a half white half Asian woman who had been with the Ghostbusters only a few months while Barry who was a 2 year veteran was training her. They had been collecting multiple samples of slime throughout the city.

Aida collected samples while Barry was getting PKE Readings from around the building. One of the victims had described a woman with slimy tentacles reaching out at everyone, but seemed to shy away from telling them exactly what happened.

As Barry continued to scan the front door locked on its own without him noticing. Suddenly the sink behind the bar began to make noises and slime started to bubble up out of the and poor all over the floor!

"Shit! Barry are you seeing this." Aida yelled to her partner.

The slime started to spread across the floor heading for them. The sink was now shooting slime up in the air spraying it all over the place as Barry grabbed her by the arm and they ran to the back. All the emergency exists seemed to be locked as they could not find a way out. They ran in to the dressing room and shut and locked the door. They grabbed a bunch of clothing and whatever they could to jam it under the door so the slime wouldn't get in.

"That was a close one, are you alright?" Barry asked Aida while they tried to catch their breath.

"I think so?" She replied as she pulled off her protective gloves until she suddenly felt a little light headed. "Woah, wait? I feel a little strange." She said.

Barry looked over and asked "Aida? What's wrong?" 

Aida looked down and noticed a small amount of slime had gotten on her neck and had dripped down under her shirt.

"Shit!' She said "I got some of the slime on me."

Suddenly she started to feel very hot and bothered. She was beginning to sweat and she was also starting to get very wet in her panties.

"Oh my god! It's the slime! It must be sexually charged or something...OH God!!" She said as the slime began to toy with her body.

Barry grabbed her by the shoulders and said "Aida you gotta fight it, the more you give in to the slime the stronger it gets."

She nodded and tried to calm herself down while Barry looked for another way out. She grabbed a cloth and tried to wipe off what she could but it didn't seem to change her feeling. Her pussy was beginning to throb, then she noticed her breast's started to plump out a little.

"Barry? We really need to find a way out, this stuff is much stronger than it looks." She said as she struggled to fight it.

Barry tried kicking the emergency exit but it was no use, something was keeping them in there. He walked back over and tried to help her clean herself off hoping it would help her. She looked up at him and had an urge to jump his bones, she needed him so badly, there had never been anything sexual between them, they had always been professional, not that she didn't find him attractive, just good working partners.

Barry wiped some slime off her and threw the rag away when she suddenly lunged at him pushing him down to the ground and kissing him. Barry tried to force her off of him flipping her over and pinned her down to the floor trying to restrain her.

"Aida you are stronger than this, you have to resist!" He said while she struggled to get free.

After a minute of trying to get free she finally started to relax. "Ok, ok. I'll try." She said Trying to stay still.

Barry released her arms as she stopped struggling. He got up and continued looking for a way out while she laid on the floor trying to resist the urge to attack him again. She jumped up and turned on the sink to splash some water in her face. When she turned the know the water began to poor in to her hands until something stopped it. Suddenly pink slime began poring out of the sink all over her hands.

"Shit!" She said Trying to get the slime off her hands. As she whipped one of her hands she accidentally got some slime on Barry.

"Dammit Aida!" He said before he started to feel light headed too. "Shit. What have you done?" 

Aida could no long fight the feeling and she started stripping off her uniform and rubbing the slime all over her body. Barry ran over and tried to stop her but when he got to her she jumped on him and started kissing him again. Barry tried to resist a little but soon he gave in to the slime and grabbed her by her ass and lifted her on to the counter while she started to unzip his jump suit like she couldn't do it fast enough. His suit dropped to the floor while she started unbuckled his belt, He pulled his pants off the rest of the way while Aida did the same and before they were even completely undress she grabbed him forcing his cock in to her waiting pussy. Barry thrusted in and out of her while she let her hair down. Barry was shocked out how sexy she was and surprised he had never noticed before. He leaned in and began sucking on her neck before he sucked her breast's while she wrapped her legs around him. Not only had the slime made them both extremely horny but it actually enhanced the feeling. Aida had never been more stimulated and satisfied by a cock in her life as he slid in and out of her tight pussy. She screamed her lust as they fucked like horny teenagers until they both came simultaneously screaming out in pleasure.

Barry backed off and fell to the floor while she sat on the sink for a moment before she climbed down and straddled him again.

"This explains...Fuck...what's been happening...shit SHIT!...this stuff...is...super charged...OH! ...nympho slime." Aida struggled to say while she continued to Fuck Barry.

Barry laid there with his amazingly hot partner on his cock trying to think of a way to neutralize the slime but it was very hard to focus while this was happening. He looked up and noticed her breast seemed bigger than he had remembered, he reached up and cupped them in his hands making her grab his hands and squeeze them harder while she moaned loudly, the slime gave her skin a shine to it as well. He had also noticed the slimes affect on him as well, even after he came the first time his cock was still ready to go again. The slime seemed to not only create lust but also sustain it. He started to think about whether or not the slimes physical affects were permanent or not, and if there were any negative affects but it was hard to worry while she continued to milk his cock dry.

After about 45 minutes of straight fucking they were still going at it covered in sweat and slime. Barry came one final time and passed out from exhaustion. Aida was still straddled in him and continued to go on top of her unconscious partner until she finally screamed as she had her most intense and final orgasm before collapsing on top of him.