 As morning came and classes started Doll had decided to lock a teacher unconscious in there office while she changed her clothes to something more business casual. As she sat in a small classroom before the students showed up, she left a small puddle of slime in the doorway. As the students began to file in they each stepped through the slime on the floor. As the room filled she counted 12 students total, mostly males with the exception of 3 ladies.

Doll took a glob of slime in her hand creating a mold of a penis and placed it in her drawer gently without any if the students noticing.

"Hello I am your substitute teacher Ms Dolly. Your regular teacher is ill so I will be passing out a small paper assignment for you to do today." She said to her class. 

She walked around getting a closer look at all of them as she passed out the papers. She could sense all the guys checking her out which made her smile as every student had some slime on them.

As she sat back down at her desk she glanced around her class making eye contact with a lovely brunette who was sitting in the front of the class and was currently a doppelganger of Lizzy. They both smiled at each other before Lizzy raised her hand and asked "Ms Dolly, may i use the restroom?"

Doll replied "yes you may but first let me give you the key," as she opened the drawer. Looking at the penis copy she made she handed it to Lizzy telling her to hide it in her bag before she turned around and left the classroom. Nobody in class seemed to be paying any attention to what Doll and Lizzy were up to.

As Lizzy walked in to the ladies room she locked the door behind her and took the fake cock out of her purse and placed it on the counter. She examined it for a moment before she began running her finger across the shaft very softly.

Back in the class room Doll was watching the students when she noticed all the men in the room started to squirm in their chairs. A few of them even seemed to be adjusting their pants with confused looks on their faces.

She smiled as she realized her newest trick was working. She heard a few guys moan and start looking under their desk trying to figure out what the hell was going on while the ladies were looking at the men asking the same question.

Back in the rest room Lizzy took the cock and began to lick the tip of it gently while she fondled the balls before she shoved the whole thing in to her mouth giving it a good suck.

"Holy shit! What the hell is going on!" One of the guys said back in class.

Doll looked up at him and said "what seems to be the problem? I expect everyone to remain quiet while they complete their assignment."

"I'm sorry Ms Doll, um... may I use the restroom please?" The student asked still squirming in his seat.

"I'm sorry but nobody can go until Lizzy gets back." Doll said before she smiled to herself and put her head down.

As all the guys in the class felt an invisible mouth playing with their cock the 2 remaining ladies were getting confused as to what the hell was going on. Doll looked at the girls and chuckled to herself as she waited for theirs to begin.

Lizzy gave the cock a few more good sucks before she placed it down and started to remove her pants and underwear. She picked the cock back up and shoved it in to her pussy.

Back in class everyone in the room including the 2 ladies suddenly cried out in pleasure. The 2 girls could suddenly feel and invisible cock inside them to their confusion as they squirmed in their chairs holding on to their desks.

Doll sat at her desk just feeling all the energy around her flowing in to her, the feeling was so good she began to touch herself while her students were all receiving pleasure against their will.

Lizzy worked the cock inside her pussy enjoying herself sliding it in and out of herself slowly still fondling the balls with her hand as she thrusted it.

A few of the guys started saying things under their breath like "Oh shit oh shit, and Holy fuck".

The 2 ladies were trying to cross their legs and hide their feeling as one of them bit her lip and tried not to show how great this feeling happening between her legs was.

Lizzy was moaning loudly and was surprised nobody heard her. The cock began to twitch and suddenly everyone in the class and Lizzy came at once. They all suddenly let out a very loud moan as all the men unloaded in their pants but instead of soaking through their jeans all their semen seemed to disappear as it was transported in to the slime cock Lizzy was using so she could feed off all of them at once. Even the 2 ladies had their own orgasm as they soaked through their panties.

Lizzy felt amazing as she fed on all the different semen at once on top of her orgasm. Once she finished she placed the cock back in to her bag and got dressed before heading back to class. As she walked in she noticed everyone sitting at their desks panting and covered with sweat.

"What I miss?" She asked as her and Doll shared a smile before the bell rang.