 I want to thanks everyone for being so supportive of this series, this chapter does not contain a lot more story than sex but still has some, it is important for the plot and where the story could go from here. Enjoy!

*****

Brian was home in his apartment still trying to wrap his head around what happened a few days ago. He met an amazing and sexy woman who said she needed his help, had the most incredible sex he had ever had, and then woke up a day later feeling drained and locked in a room naked. He could not get this woman out of his mind though, he didn't even know her name, he just had this desire to find her again.

He was making coffee still trying to decide to go back to work. He had felt a little ashamed about what happened and was almost too embarrassed to go back when he heard a knock at his door.

"Who the hell could that be?" He said out loud as he opened his front door. Standing in front of him was the woman from the other day. She was dressed in a business casual button up and skirt like she was a teacher or lawyer. She still looked just as beautiful as when he first saw her.

Brians jaw hit the floor when he saw her, he was happy and angry at the same time, he didn't know if he should welcome her in or flip out.

"You? What are you?... who?...how did you find me? He said.

"I need your help!" Doll said with a hopeful look in her face.

"Help? You want my help? After what you did to me? I woke up a day later locked in a bedroom! I had to climb out the window and down a fire escape wearing nothing but a bed sheet! Why the hell would I help you?" He said to her with anger in his voice.

Doll stared at him and listened to how angry he was at her. She started to feel bad which is strange because lately she has been more worried about her partners safety than usual, she never wanted to hurt anyone but still she had never been this concerned for their safety, she was changing.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, or anyone for that matter, but I just didn't know who else to turn to." She said with a look of remorse in her face. "Was the whole experience really that bad?"

"Bad? No! Well I mean the sex was amazing, the best I had ever had, but then you were just gone, and I don't know, I just felt empty, I guess the worst part was you were gone... that and the whole fire escape thing." He said.

"Oh? Really? You missed me?" Doll said feeling even more upset.

"It doesn't matter, why do you need helo, you seemed a pretty resourceful girl? Brian said trying to change the direction of the conversation. 

Doll was still trying to process all of this before she snapped out of it and said. "Oh right yes, I need help, you're a Ghostbuster so I was hoping you'd have some idea on how to fix me."

"Fix you? What are you talking about? You'd probably need a shrink to fix you." He said not sure what she was talking about.

"Please may I come in, so I can explain? Doll pleaded. Brian pondered for a moment before he moved as side and invited her in. "Thank you."

Doll walked over to the kitchen and grabbed an empty glass. Brian looked on trying to figure out what she was doing. Doll stuck her hand in the glass and filled it with the pink ooze she was made of and handed it to Brian.

"Wait? Is this?" He said as he examined the ooze closely. "This is mood slime? How?... this doesn't make any sense."

"It happened a few days ago, the night Sara was running some tests. She put on some adult entertainment movie and noticed a reaction, that was the first time I ever felt sexual energy, it felt amazing, so much that I wanted more, I practically raped Sara and then escaped in to the city." Doll explained.

"Ok? How the hell did you create a body?" Brian asked.

"That started when I found an inflatable sex doll and merged with it creating my original body. I couldn't speak until I had sex with the Dolls owner which gave me a huge surge of energy which gave me more abilities. I then found Sara and tried to repay her for her kindness but I feel now I may have been wrong to do that to her." Doll continued.

"What did you do to her?" Brian asked.

"I altered her body so she could absorb sexual energy for me. She's been sleeping around since then, I also did the same thing to Jenny after I locked you up." She said.

"That explains why I haven't heard from any of them, other than everything you've done to people since you... inflation? What do you need help with?" He asked.

"Ok you remember when we had sex, you said you were asleep for a day and felt week after?" She said

"Yes I remember all that, why?

"Well the last person I had sex with almost died, I think I'm becoming too powerful for you people to handle, and i really don't want to hurt anyone so I was hoping you could help me find a way to keep having sex but not hurt my partner." She said.

Brian thought to himself for a second before he responded with "help you? Technically I should be trying to destroy or contain you, I'm a Ghostbuster and you're an ectoplasmic menace..."

Dolls heart sank as she heard him say that and even tears began to form in her eyes to her shock. Brian could see the sadness in her face. After a moment he continued with

"OK I will help you but first we need to find Jen and Sara, we'll need their help and you need to undo what you did to them. And you can't do that to anyone else ever again. Am I clear?" Brian demanded from her.

Dolls face lit up as she lunged at him giving him a big hug. Brian hugged her back after a few seconds until he got a hint of her scent, she smelled amazing. Suddenly Doll pulled away from him.

"I'm sorry, my pheromones are very strong so I will keep my distance for now, I can't risk hurting you." She said, she then raised her hand in the air while her eyes glowed for a second.

"What was that?" Brian asked.

"I just summoned Sara and Jen, they should be here soon," she replied.

About 20 minutes later Brian heard a knock at the door. As he opened the door he saw Sara and Jen standing there but something was definitely different about them, the both were wearing very skimpy clothing and had a lustful look in their eyes, and the both looked extremely sexy.

Jen smiled and walked in pushing Brian in to his living room and down on to his couch before she straddle his lap. "Hi Brian, you know it was only a matter of time before this happened." She said to him.

As Sara walked up behind her they suddenly heard someone yell out "STOP!"

They turned around and saw Doll standing there with her eyes glowing a bright pink color.

"Jen please get off of him" she commanded.

"But Doll why did you summon us if not for him?" Jen asked.

Suddenly Doll waved her hand again and both Sara and Jen fell to the floor and began writhing like they were both about to Cum. After a few minutes they orgasmed spraying slime all over the floor. They laid there for a moment before they both sat up and looked at eachother.

"What happened?" Sara asked.

"I don't know?" Jen responded, "but I don't want to Fuck Brian."

"Neither do i!" Sara said.

They hugged eachother as they both suddenly didn't have a desperate urge to fuck anymore.

"OK ok, no need to shoot me down like that." Brian said after listening to them both.

"What the hell is going on here?" Jen said to her partner before he helped her up. She looked over at Doll and tried to go and slap her silly but Brian stopped them both.

"Wait wait, yes I know what she did to you was wrong but she did just return you to normal so maybe you could cut her a little slack." Brian explained to them both.

"cut her some slack? Not only did I cheat on my Boyfriend with like 12 other people but... oh god? MIKE!" Jen said before she Grabbed Brians phone and began to frantically dial Mikes number.

"Come on come on! Answer!" She said nervously.

"Hello?" She heard on the phone.

"Mike! Oh thank god. Are you ok?" She asked

"Yeah I'm great, I was a little bummed out after I woke up and you were gone, where have you been? Haven't been able to get a hold of you for days?" Mike said.

"I'm so sorry, been busy, I'll come see you soon and I'll explain everything!' She said before hanging up.

"I told you before, neither of you were made to hurt anyone. That's why I'm here, because I don't want to hurt anyone. Doll said.

She explained everything to them that she had already explained to Brian and pleaded with them to help her. After they listened to her story Sara and Jen took Brian in to the other room and had a meeting.

"Wouldn't it just be easier to destroy her and put her back in a glass jar?" Sara said.

"I thought so aroused first but look at this from a scientific stand point, mood slime has created a body and intelligence, in all the years we've been studying this stuff it has never reacted to anything this way before, we can't just destroy her." Brian said in her defense.

"Wait a minute? You like her don't you? You totally have the hots for her?" Jen said almost teasing him.

"No I don't, that's crazy, I just think if we can find a way to help her we can learn so much about the slime... you know? For science?" He said.

Sara and Jen stared at eachother for a moment and agreed to help her.

"OK but we'll need the lab at the fire house, so we'll wait until tonight before we head over so we can have it to ourselves.' Jen said.

They waited a few hours for the sun to go down before they headed to the fire house with Doll. It's was difficult for them because as they were around Doll for so long the all started to feel a little hot and bothered. She had Pheromones and other affects that made people want her and they were all doing there best to resist.

As they got upstairs and turned all the lights on the prepped for a few tests. Jen took Doll aside and showed her something that looked like a metal sphere with some lights on the side.

"I need to be straight with you, this is what we used to neutralize all the negatively charged slime in the city, if we can't help you and we feel you may pose a threat to anyone we may need to use it on you! Are we clear?" Jen explained to Doll.

"I understand." Doll responded.

Jen then looked at all of them and said "ok so how are we going to figure this out? I mean we don't really have any was of testing anything if a sexual nature so how the hell are we going to do this?"

Everyone was quiet for a few minutes until Brian said. "Well i have a suggestion, might sound a little crazy but I don't know what else we can do, hook me up with the body scanners and I'll have sex with her."

"Um the problem is she's worried about killing people? I don't think that's a great idea, especially if you die!" Sara said.

"Yes but she hasn't killed anyone yet, if my vitals start going bad we can stop, it's the only way to even start to figure this out." Brian said looking over at Doll who seemed hesitant on trying but agreed there was no other way.

Ad they both began to strip down Brian said "um... do we have to do this out here? With you 2 watching?"

"Well you could go in the other room and was could just watch the machines, but would that be too risky?" Sara explained.

"I'll take my chances, I do better without an audience thanks you."

"Well don't do too well, we want you to survive!" Jen said.

As Brian and Doll went in to the other room with the beds Doll asked him "are you sure you want to do this? I don't want to hurt you."

"Well let's hope that's true," he responded as they laid down together. Brian opened up a condom and placed it on his cock. "don't know how much this will help but it's worth a shot right? Now how do you want to start? You aren't suckering me in like last time." 

Doll laughed a little before she leaned in and started kissing him. They made out for a few minutes trying to set a mood before the begun. Brian started rubbing her nipples while she started tickling his balls before she climbed on top of him engulfing his cock with her pussy. She started out with a slow rhythm trying to see if she control herself as Brian laid back and enjoyed the feeling for as long as he could.

In the other room Jen and Sara could hear them as they watched his vitals on a screen.

"Am I the only one who is totally turned on right now?" Sara asked.

"Shut up Sara!"

As Doll and Brian kept going Brian, it felt amazing, he thought back to the last time they had sex and how great is was then but he was trying not to lose himself in it because this time his life may be at stake. He suddenly felt something strange, her pussy was pulling his condom off leaving his cock vulnerable to the slime.

"Well... that didn't work!" He said while she continued to bounce on top of him.

"Do you want to stop?" She asked.

"Not yet!" He replied.

As he laid there the slime started to enter his dick keeping him hard enough to please her.

He grabbed her tits and squeezed them as he let himself go a little and enjoy himself. She squeaked out in pleasure as he massaged her nipples, she grabbed him by the shoulders pulling him up to her, she took her tits and began to lick and suck on them making Doll moan even more. Suddenly he shot his first load in to her as he gave out a cry of relief.

Doll continued to milk his cock in her pussy as his dick was still hard from the slimes influence.

Jen and Sara could hear all the moans and yells. Sara was watching the monitor trying to concentrate on his vitals but it was hard for either of them to.

Brian flipped Doll over putting her underneath him as he continued to thrust himself in and out of her over and over. Doll pulled on his hair and squirmed under him as she let him pile drive her. Soon his second orgasm happened and he sprayed more cum in to her than before. Jen cracked open the door and said "are you still good?"

Brian replied with "yeah,...I'm good!" As it was hard to talk during sex.

Doll wrapped her legs around his waist as he continued to try to please her without killing himself. His cock shot another load and then another, but he was still going.

"Shit! I can see... what you mean... it's hard to stop!" He said still fucking Doll with everything he had left.

Jen and Sara noticed his vitals weren't looking good and went in.

"Brian you need to stop, you can't take much more." Jen said but Brian didn't seem to hear her. They both grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him off of her and on to the bed next to her. He tried to struggle a little as his dick was still throbbing. After a moment Doll sat up and pulled the slime back out of his cock relieving him of his lust.

"You see, and the last guy went even longer than that, I can't control the slime possessing his cock during sex, it's like a reflex." Doll explained as Brian continued to catch his breath. "I'm so sorry!"

"Don't be, that's why we're here." Brian responded.

"So what do we do now? Condoms don't seem to do anything so... any suggestions?" Jen asked.

Doll looked at all of them with a look of concern as she was starting to fear their might not be any solution. After a minute she said "maybe I could leave this dimension, go somewhere where there are no people to hurt?"

"No that's out if the question, that doesn't help you, just keeps you from hurting people, that should be a last resort, there has got to be a better solution." Brian said in protest.

Suddenly the building started on Rumble a little and a bright flash appeared in the corner of the room. Doll looked over and saw someone she was hoping to avoid.

As the lights and smoke cleared they saw a naked woman standing there with horns, red eyes, and wings.

"What the hell is that?" Sara asked as the she backed away slowly.

"Hello Lilith, I knew you'd find me eventually," Doll said.

"Find you? I've been watching you this whole time, and i must say I've loved the show so far!" Lilith said.

"What's going on?" Brian said.

"Oh hi, I'm Lilith, I'm a Demon but don't worry I don't kill people like that stupid book tells everyone I do." She said. "Now you, I love everything you've done, how you started out just trying to become more powerful, then trying to stop yourself from becoming negatively charged again, and now trying to find a way to keep people from getting hurt, I love it!"

"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself, why are you here?" Doll asked.

"Well it just so happens I may have the solution to your problem." Lilith said with a smile.

"How can you do that?" Doll asked with curiosity.

"Well it goes something like this," she said as she flew over and grabbed Doll picking her up and in a flash they were gone without a trace to Jen, Sara, and Brians surprise.