 Hello, the story is taking a different turn from here. I ask that you bear with it, there is still sex but it will be mostly human on human for the next few chapters but the paranormal stuff will come back!

Thanks.

*****

As Doll awoke she was in a dark room not sure where she was or what was going on.

"Lilith? Where are we? What have you done?" She cried out.

Suddenly a light came on and she was on a bed in a bedroom she didn't recognize and Lilith was standing next to the wall by the light switch.

"What the hell? Where are we?" She asked.

"Oh that's right you never made it in to his bedroom, you are back in Brians apartment." Lilith said.

"Ok? Why am I back her?"

"I'm going to leave you here, he'll find you here when he gets home.

"I told you I don't want to hurt him, why are you doing this?"

"The only way you'd hurt him is if you chased after him with a steak knife, I have just transformed you in to a human!"

Dolls mouth dropped when she heard this, "human? You made me human?"

"I sure did, now you can have all the sex you want and nobody gets hurt."

Doll stood up and examined herself, she felt very weird, she couldn't feel the energy flowing through her anymore nor could she sense any sexual fantasies. "I'm not sure what to do? Or say? I don't know how to be human!"

"Well if I were you the first thing I would do is jump Brians bones when he gets home, we

He quite a cutey isn't he."

"Brian? I don't know, he wasn't to happy with me earlier, I don't know if I should be here when he gets back."

"Wow, ok you've only been human for like a minute but I'm gonna let you in on a little secret, that Brian there is crazy about you, the reason he was so angry is because you fucked him and ditched him. I'm guessing he's a but sensitive but he hasn't stopped thinking about you since you 2 met, and now that your human you guys can fuck all you want and nobody has to die!"

"Really? He... cares about me?"

"Yup, and let me tell you the sex is much better in your current condition."

"Now if you want I can give you a little test drive before he gets home?"

Lilith walked over and started kissing Doll before she pushed her down on the bed. She hovered above her for a moment before she stuck out her long tongue giving Dolls clit a little tap a couple of times.

"Oh shit, oh shit! That feels... Holy SHIT!" 

Lilith began tickling her thighs while she shoved her tongue deeper in to her pussy. Doll grabbed the bed sheets in her hand as she had never felt anything like this before. When she was made of slime it was mainly a feeling like feeding whenever she had sex but this was better than she could have imagined. Lilith started grabbing at Dolls breast's giving her nipples a little massage with her palms while she continued to lick her in and out.

"OH GOD!" please don't stop!" Doll cried out.

"Actually that's where I'm gonna leave you, I'll let Brian finish the job when he gets home. Oh and don't worry about the slime or those little minions of yours, I think I'm gonna keep the fun going a little while longer"

And with a flash of light Lilith was gone. Leaving Doll alone naked on Brians bed with her thoughts while she was still buzzing from the sensation of Liliths tongue in her pussy.

---------------

Brian, Sara and Jen waited around for an hour seeing if they would come back but they eventually gave up and went home. Jen had to go see her boyfriend and make up for some lost time and Sara had to face her roommate.

Brian got back to his apartment still feeling a bit down thinking he hadn't been able to help Doll, and not knowing what that demon did to her just made him feel worse. He stuck his key in the door and walked in and almost jumped out of his skin when he saw Doll sitting on his couch wrapped in a sheet.

"Oh my god? Are you ok? What happened to you?" He said running over to check on her.

"What did she do to you?"

"She um... she made me human."

"She made you human? She can do that? Who was she?"

"It doesn't matter how, but I can't hurt anyone now,"

"Well that's great, that's what we had hoped to accomplish. And ... well that's great is all, so what will you do now?"

Doll thought for a moment before she leaned over and kissed Brian to his shock. He reciprocation her kiss and put his hand on her cheek as she leaned back on the couch pulling him down on top of her. After a minute he pulled away and asked "wait, are you sure your not... you know, still deadly?"

"Well, Lilith said something about the only way I could kill you now involved a kitchen knife, however," she removed the sheet cover her naked body and said, you could try the scientific method and find out for yourself."

Brian looked down at this amazing looking woman on his couch came to the same conclusion he came to the first time the met, "screw it!" 

He went back down and kissed her some more grabbing her and pulling her in to his arms. She felt warm and soft in his hands, but different, almost more real now. She unbuckled his belt and shoved her hands down his shorts. He kissed her neck giving her goose bumps which was a new sensation for her, but she loved it, every touch seemed different to her and she wanted more and more. She pulled back and grabbed his pants pulling them down revealing his cock for her to see. She kneeled down and got her face close to it. She took his cock in her mouth and gave it a few slow sucks.

"Hmmm, the taste is...interesting to say the least, but I can get used to it" She said with a smile before she started sucking him off again. Brian was in his glory as she sucked his cock when he decided to give her a little bit in return. 

"Here let me show you something." He said as he stuck his face down between her legs.

"Oh yes, Lilith showed me a little of this and it was quite enjoy...HOLY FUCK!"

Doll was shocked by how good he was with his tongue. Lilith must have known this somehow because he felt incredible as he licked her clit, rolling his tongue around it making her squirm and writhe on the floor almost like she was being tortured.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, OH FUCK! don't stop."

After a few minutes Doll grabbed him by the head and pull him up to her lips, before she rolled him over and climbed on top of his waiting member.

"OOOOOOHHHHHHHH FUCK!" She yelled out as his cock entered her.

She could barely concentrate on what she was doing as his cock entered her she had never felt it this way before.

"Oh my god, I fucking love your cock!!

Brian almost had a hard time keeping a strait face listening to her experience things like this for the first time. She bounced up and down on top of him moaning so loud he was surprised it didn't wake the neighbors. He grabbed her breast's and sucked on her nipples making her wrap her hands around his head and squeeze his face in to her breast almost suffocating him. Soon she could feel an orgasm building inside.

"Oh god, oh god, Oh Shit, I think... oh God,...I think I'm gonna explode!!"

Brian held her in his arms as she finally experienced her first human female orgasm making her scream out at the top of her lungs as he pussy spazmed around his cock making him explode in to her as well. 

After she stopped spazming she lowered her head and rested it on his shoulder trying to catch her breath while they were sitting on the floor with his cock still inside her. After a moment she looked him in the eyes.

"Looks like I'm still alive," he said with a smirk.

They were both covered in sweat as they fell over laying down on the floor. They just stared at eachother for a few moments.

"I'm tired, not used to being tired, I've only ever slept once."

"Yeah I'm pretty beat too,... if I close my eyes will you still be here when I wake up?"

Doll smiled at him and responded, "I will always be here when you wake up!"

Brian grabbed her and pulled in close and held her while he closed his eyes and drifted to sleep.