 As the morning came Brian awoke still on his living room floor. "Ouch! Maybe we should try the bed next time..." he stopped when he realized Doll was no longer with him. In a panic he looked around and didn't see her anywhere. He jumped up off the floor.

"Did she really leave? Again?"

He suddenly heard a noise coming from the bedroom. As he walked in he saw clothes all over the floor and Doll digging through his closet wrapped up in his comforter.

"Doll? What are you doing?"

"Oh, hi, um... you dont seem to have any woman's clothes?" 

"Why would I have woman's?... oh that's right you don't have any clothes."

"I'm sorry it's just... I'm cold."

Brian smiled and laughed a little as he went to his dresser and pulled out a pare of jogging pants and an old Van Halen t-shirt for her to wear.

"Here, try these on for now, I guess we'll have to get you some new clothes today."

She put everything on and examined herself.

"These are comfy!" She said with a big smile.

Brian stared at this beautiful woman in the loose fitting clothes he gave her, she had the biggest smile on her face like he had just given her the world.

"Brian your back is all red?"

"Yeah, maybe sleeping on the floor wasn't the best idea, the bed is much better."

"Ok, we'll try that tonight then."

Brian felt his heart skip a beat as he heard her say she would still be there tonight. She was really still there and wasn't planning on leaving.

"I feel weird." She said.

"Ok? How do you mean?"

"I don't know, the only way I can describe it is what I would feel like before if I needed to have sex, it's like an empty sort of pain?"

"Empty? Pain?... maybe your hungry!"

"But we just had sex a few hours ago?"

"Yes but you're human now so you need to eat. I'll make breakfast."

Brian put on a pare of pants and a shirt before she followed him to the kitchen with a skip in her step like a kid on Christmas. She watched him closely as he made pancakes and bacon for her and serve them to here. She stared at the plate not sure what to do until she watched him eat. She tried a piece of bacon first.

"Wow, this is freaking amazing!"

'Well it's just bacon?... actually yeah you're right."

She ate everything on her plate followed by another serving. He couldn't help but just stare at her, the look on her face every time she tried something new was just amazing to watch.

"Everything is just so great when your human. The food, the sex, Why can we do next?"

"Well i need to take a shower if you'd like to join me."

With a curious excited look in her face she jumped up and followed him to the bathroom. He turned the shower on and waited for the warm water before he stripped out of his clothes and advised her to do the same. She stepped in to the shower with her hand out feeling the water on her skin. The warm sensation gave her goose bumps. She stepped under it and let the water wash over her whole body. She stood there soaking in the sensation as Brian stood in there with her. He watched her skin glisten as the water dripped off her.

"This feels amazing!" She said. "Why does everything feel so amazing. You know what would feel great with this? Let's have sex in here right now!"

"Um... ok!"

She grabbed him and pulled him In kissing him while the water flowed over both their faces. He put his arms around her waist holding her close before he slid his hand down grabbing her ass and pulling her leg up around his waist positioning himself for entry. As he slid inside her she gasped at the sensation as he tried to get in to a better position. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself up wrapping her legs around his waist. She was surprisingly light as she hung on him giving him the perfect leverage. He pressed her against the wall as he thrusted himself in and out of her as she moaned and held the back of his head. He sucked on her neck a little making her moan even more. He began to think what else he could try that she might enjoy. He gave her a light smack on the ass to which she did squeak a little seeming to enjoy it. He then gave her hair a tug seeing how she would react to which she gave him an odd look.

"I'm sorry, some people like a little spanking and hair pulling, just seeing what you like."

"I think you can pull harder than that!" She said with a playful smile.

"Ok than let's try something."

He pulled out of her for a moment and bent her over before sliding back inside her. She gave out a loud moan on re entry as he bent over and grabbed her breasts from behind and kissed the back of her neck. He took one hand and grabbed her hair and pulled her up towards him while his other hand still squeezed her tits. She cried out in what he wasn't sure was pain or pleasure until she said "Harder!"

As he doggy styled her he gave her ass another hard spank making her cry out "Oh yes!" After only a few minutes she whined out as she came to orgasm putting her hands on the shower wall to hold herself up. Brian soon followed by blowing his load in to her giving out a loud moan himself. They both stayed in that position as the came down from the sensation.

After a moment he pulled out of her backing up as she stood up. His wrapped his arms around her stomach as she leaned back against him just seeming to enjoy his touch as he held her. They stood there for a while as the shower washed the sex off of them.