 Sara we had just gotten out of the shower when she heard her phone go off. She walked down in to her bedroom and answered to hear Brians voice on the other end.

"Hi Sara, so I found Doll."

"You did? Where? how?"

"She was back at my place, apparently that demon woman whoever she was left her here, and that's not even the weirdest part, shes human now."

"Wait... what? How is that even possible?"

"I honestly don't know but she is completely human as far as i can tell."

"Are you sure? I mean how do you know for sure?"

"Well... for one thing I'm still alive."

"Still alive, how does that... really? You just couldn't resist could you."

"Yeah well, she's kind of staying with me so..."

"Yeah anyway, I'll head over in a few to see for myself."

"Ok great, do you have any clothes that might fit her? I gave her pants and a shirt but I don't have ladies clothes laying around."

"I'll see what I have."

About an hour later Brian heard a knock at the door. He let Sara in, she had a trash bag full of clothes for Doll to try on.

"Ok so where is she." Sara asked before she saw her standing in the kitchen door wearing the pants and shirt Brian gave her eating a yogurt.

"Um... hi Sara... so how's you roommate? Jill was it?"

"She's fine, luckily I was able to convince her it was all a dream."

"Oh, that's good, I'm really sorry about that!"

"It's fine... anyway I brought some clothes for you, not much but it's better than his old rags. 

"Hey hey, do not speak I'll of Van Halen! " Brian said taking offense to her comment.

Sara pulled out her PKE meter to get a reading off of Doll to see if she was still giving off and supernatural vibes. Doll stood there eating her yogurt letting her do her job.

"Thats so strange, Looks like she's clean, well she's human anyway. So how the hell did this happen?"

Doll finished her snack and put it don't before she responded. " I don't know, I woke up in his bedroom and she told me she had made me human. She's an ancient demon so she has powers I don't quite understand."

"Interesting, so you have none of you're powers? Any feelings or anything from before?'

"No, I can't sense anything or feel anyone's presence or anything. It's actually a very strange feeling for me."

Brian left the room for a moment heading to the restroom. When he was gone Sara leaned in close to Doll and said, "Ok let's get something straight, I'm trying very hard to give you the benefit of the doubt and welcome you to our race and everything, but Brian is like my big brother to me so if you hurt him in anyway or break his heart I will beat you back in to the puddle of slime you formed from! Got it?"

Doll was taken aback by Saras threat, but she understood that Sara had every right not to trust her and to even still be angry with her.

"I have no intentions of harming him, he is... i don't know how to describe it, he's special, I don't want to leave his side. and i would never hurt him intentionally."

Sara pulled back with a smile on her face and said, "that's the right answer."

Doll smiled at Sara as Brian came back in to the room. Sara could see Dolls shining face as she looked at him and she started to not worry as much.

"Well anyway here's some clothes for you, you won't win any fashion shows but there should be enough in there to get you by until you get something new."

"Thanks again for your help Sara, I'll call Jen a little later and let her know what's going on." Brian said.

"I'll call her now, help this poor girl get some new clothes will you, and you 2 behave after i leave." She said as she walked out the door.

Doll grabbed the bag and headed to the bedroom before she started digging through to see what she could try. She found a nice pair of jeans that fit comfortably and a shirt that seemed to fit her a little snug but it works. She walked out of the room to find Brian.

"So? How does this look?"

Brian was blown away by how hot she was even when she dressed in normal clothing.

"Perfect!"

Doll smiled at the compliment.

------------------

Jen was still sleeping when her phone went off.

"What the fuck!" She said as she grabbed it to find out who the hell was waking her up. 

"Hi Jen, did i wake you?"

"Sara we were up most of the night, what the hell do you want?"

"Sorry I just thought you should know, we found Doll, apparently that demon thing dropped her back at Brians place, and get this, she's completely human now!"

"Wait...what? How?...huh?

"I gave her a complete scan, and even brought her some clothes. She's human through and through."

"I'm too tired to even try to argue this right now."

"Laughs! She's shacking up with Brian right now, he seems pretty happy about it."

"I bet he is, he probably already did his own test to see if she was human."

"Yeah he did, but oh well, I already told her I'd beat her to death if she hurts him."

"Haha! Still we should just keep an eye on her, you never know." 

"I figured, just wanted to give you the heads up, go back to sleep."

"Click"

As Jen laid there she heard a knock at her door. "Oh for fucks sake now what!"

She got up and opened the door to see Mike standing there.

"Oh... Mike! Hi.

"Hi, sorry did I wake you?"

"No Sara did that already, come in please."

"So are you ok? The other night was amazing, I'm a little confused considering I slept for a whole day after but you just seemed different that night."

"Yeah, that's a little hard to explain."

"I'm all ears if you want to try."

"Um... I um..." Jen was trying to figure out the best way to explain this. "Let's just say I was exposed to something at work that made me a little... out of control?...sexually."

Mike gave her an odd look, and walked over and gave her a kiss. "Ok I'll take that, were there any other side affects because you look incredible today?"

Jen blushed a little at the compliment, "a few, I'd rather not talk about, but I'm fine now."

"Really? Maybe we should make sure of that." He said as he pulled her in close giving her another kiss.

Jen still felt a little guilty about everything that had happened, but figured this was a good way to start to make up for what she had done. She wrapped her arms around his head pulling him in closer. She took his hand and led him to her bedroom, she laid back on the bed and motioned him to come get some. He pulled his shirt off and climbed in to bed with her kissing and pulling her shirt off.

"Wow babe! Where have you been hiding this body."

Jen looked at herself and realized that when Doll removed the slime changing her back to normal but the physical improvements to her body remained.

"Oh shit! Thanks Doll!"

"Doll?"

"Never mind, just take your fucking pants off."

She grabbed him pulling him back down on the her as she unbuckled his belt and worked to get his pants off as quickly as possible followed by her own. She flipped him on his back and hovered above his cock for a moment before she started moving her tongue around his tip in a slow circular motion driving him wild. She wrapped her lips around the head giving him a little suck going deeper with every pass.

"Holy shit babe, fuck that feels good."

She bobbed her head up and down on him a few more times before she gave one last strong suck and climbed on top of him dropping her pussy down on his cock. She started off slowly riding him in a slow rhythm letting him enjoy it as much as she was. He reached up and cupped her breast's which he had noticed were slightly larger and more perky. Jen suddenly thought back to when she was under Dolls control and kept checking to see if anything had started glowing or if his hands had become stuck to her breast like before but everything seemed to be fine.

As she bounced on him she began to notice everything felt 10 times better than she remembered, her clit was a lot more sensitive not to the point that it happened quicker just more intensely. she started to moan and whine a little as she rode his cock. even her nipples felt more satisfied than usual as he held them in his hands. Mike was even noticing her Pussy was very snug around his cock milking him for all her had.

Mike pulled himself up wrapping his arms around her as she continued to fuck him. he grabbed her tits and started to suck on her nipples making her squeal out in pleasure. she wrapped her arms around his head holding on for dear life as she felt her orgasm building inside her.

"Oh Fuck! FUCK! she yelled out as her pussy started to spasm around Mikes cock making her squirt her juices out all over him right as he unloaded in to her as well.

"Holy shit! That was fucking awesome!" Jen said holding on to Mike who had a very satisfied look on his face as well. She thought for a moment and realized one of the other enhancements must have been focused around all of her pleasure centers as well.

"I could fucking kiss that girl!" She said out loud not thinking.

"Girl? Kiss? who you kissing?" Mike asked confused.

"Nothing, its not important, but i think our sex life is going to be a lot better."

Mike smiled at that idea as they both tried to catch their breath before she finally climbed off and laid down next him. She put her hand on his chest and he put his arms around her as they both fell asleep together.