 A little while later Sarah was back over helping Doll dye her hair. Brian had gone out to buy her couple bags of underwear for her while Sara worked her magic. Sara had tried down Dolls hair to about chin length and they decided to go blonde because it would be the furthest away from her natural brunette she had and would throw people off from recognizing her. Sara also gave her a couple of red streaks giving her more of a punk rock look to which Doll loved as she looked in the mirror and checked out her new look. She even through on the fake glasses Brian had gotten.

"Wow! Yeah you definitely have a punk, nerdy, sexy thing going on now." Sara said checking out her work.

"I love it, thank you so much!" Doll replied giving Sara a big hug.

"Ok ok calm down,"

"Do you think Brian will like it?"

"I'm sure he'll like it not matter what it looks like, he's out buying underwear for you, hell I could get any of my ex's to do that!"

"So... you're single?"

"Yeah I'm single, of course there's probably a few guys right now who would love seconds... if you know what I mean!"

"Yeah... Im really sorry.."

"Oh my god, stop apologizing, it's done it's over, let's move on! If I didn't forgive you I wouldn't be here right now dying your hair."

"What about that young guy? The one who had a lot of energy?"

"Ugh... can we not talk about that one."

"I'm sorry, but I got the impression that he really liked you."

"Yeah but he's only 18 and I'm 23, he's going to be starting college and I just finished. I dunno it's just... I dunno!"

"Ok, didn't mean to pry, I'm so.."

"DON'T DO IT!"

Doll just closed her mouth trying not to say im sorry again.

"Ok now let's see, I've washed your hair but do we have any conditioner?" Sara said looking around. She looked in the cabinet and saw a bottle that was labeled conditioner and it had a pinkish tint to it. "Ah this should work." She said as she squirted some in to her hands massaging them together. After a moment she started to feel light headed and her hands began to tingle. "Oh no!"

"Oh no what?"

"OH SHIT!" Sara yelled out as she suddenly realized what was in her hands. Doll soon realized it as well.

"Fuck how did that... dammit Lilith!"

Sara was starting to feel the affects around her body. She started to get wet between her legs and her nipples had become hard. She took one of her hands and started rubbing the slime on her chest. Doll grabbed her arm trying to stop her pulling her hand away when some slime suddenly splashed on to Doll as well.

"Oh shit!" Doll said as she started to feel the same sensations Sara was feeling. She didn't realize how powerful this stuff was now that she was human. Both her and Sara had started to rub themselves all over spreading the slime all over themselves. Sara stuck her hand down in to her pants spreading it around her clit which made her almost jump with pleasure. Doll had dropped the towel that was around her neck and pulled her shirt off rubbing the slime all over her breasts. "I didn't realize this stuff felt soo good!"

Sara star pulling her clothes off as well before she leaned over and kissed Doll and they began to rub the slime all over eachother.

"Oh god, this is so wrong... we shouldn't!'

Sara said Trying to protest what she was doing even though both their bodies had different ideas. She took a glob of the slime and started rubbing it inside Dolls pussy.

"Oh FUCK!" Doll yelled out as the slime tingled her clit and all through her pussy. Her and Sara continued to make out and rub more and more all over themselves.

Suddenly they heard the front door open. "Shit!" Sara said, "Brians home! Fuck we cant, we shouldn't."

"I don't think we have a choice," Doll replied before Brian walked down the hall entering the bathroom to see the progress.

"Hey im... holy!" Brian blurted out as he saw Doll and Sara naked in each other's rims covered in a thin layer of slime. "What?...why?...what?"

Doll reached her hand out to him. "Please, we need you!"

Brian hesitated before she took her hand letting her pull him in. As soon as the slime touch his hand he started to feel the arousal. Doll pulled him in starting to kiss him while Sara kneeled down opening up his pants and pulling his cock out. Doll kneeled down as well and her and Sara began to attack his cock with their tongues.

"Oh...oh...shit!" He said as they tongue bathed his dick. Brian couldn't hold his balance and dropped down to the floor as Doll crawled on top of his cock and started riding him like a crazy woman. Sara wasn't sure what to do at first and still needed stimulation so she sat down on Brians face and her stuck his tongue out giving her the pleasure she needed. As the 3 of them were all going at it on the floor the slime was still multiplying on them covering them more and more. Doll reached out and grabbed Saras tits from behind squeezing them in her hand while she milked Brians cock between her. Brians cock suddenly blew it's first load up In to Doll causing her to do the same. Soon after Sara squealed out spraying her juices on to Brian as well.

They all sat there for a moment as the slime was getting them all ready to go again.

"Jesus doesn't this stuff ever let up," Sara said still sitting on Brians face with Doll holding on to other her.

Brians voice was muffled under Sara but he managed to get out, "I have an idea!" The 3 of them all got up and got in the shower. The affects of the slime was still driving them so Brian grabbed Doll from behind and slid himself up in to her inviting pussy again while she bent down and shoved her tongue in to Saras while she was against the wall. Sara moaned loudly as Doll worked her pussy trying to give her as much pleasure as she could while still enjoying Brians cock inside her. Brian reach behind himself turning the shower on which at first sprayed extremely cold water making the all jump for a moment almost shocking them out of their lustful state. The slime rinsed off of them mostly as the water finally started to warm up. They checked eachother trying to make sure they had gotten it all before the got out. Once they were back to normal the opened the curtain to see how much slime was on the floor. 

"Ok, there are some clean towels in the bedroom, so let she ad their and dry off, I'll grab my ectoplasm cleaning kit and we'll clean this up.

They all dried off and got dressed before returning to the bathroom to clean up the mess which didn't take as long as they had expected. There was a bit if an awkward silence among the 3 of them as they tried not to acknowledge what had just happened. Brian had collected all the mood slime and had placed in a plastic container placing it in the freezer next to the Nymph egg.

"Well then... I love your hair!" Brian said to Doll trying to ease the tension in the room.

"Thanks!" Doll said with a bright smile on her face. 

Sara stood off to the side trying not to make eye contact with anyone before she said "hey Brian, can I talk to Doll for a second...alone?"

Brian shook his head and went to the kitchen. Doll looked at Sara wondering what she wanted to ask her.

"Um... when you turned Jen and I back to normal, should there have been any side affects?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I've just noticed that my body looks really good, and I'm a lot more sensitive... you know... down there?" She said pointing down between her legs.

"Oh, that must have been from the changes made to you from absorbing energy, you see I had designed you both to give me most of it but your bodies took a little for itself as well

Making you physically Sexier and your pleasure centers more receptive. I guess those changes are permanent. I'm sorry!"

Sara looked at Doll with a confused look. "Sorry? Are you kidding I look amazing, and the sex in their was incredible! Thank you! I'm glad that something positive came from that whole thing."

"Oh? Well then your welcome?"

Brian poked his head back in and said "everything ok?"

"Yup everything is great! " Sara said as she grabbed her purse and headed for the door. "Oh but um... let's just pretend that none of that ever happened ok?" She said as she closed the door behind her.

Brian looked over at Dolls new hairstyle. "Wow, you look incredible!" 

"Oh wait." She said as she picked up the glasses putting them on to complete the look.

Brain just stared at her, with a big smile on her face as she tried to Model her new look for him using different poses, but just looked goofy and adorable as she tried. After a minute he just walked over taking her in his arms and planting a kiss on her. 

"So is this really you? No Nymph or slime induced sex crazed girl?"

"Nope, I'm 100% normal at the moment. Why?"

Brian picked her up in his arms holding her like they had just been married and carried her in to the bedroom before laying her down on the bed gently giving her another kiss.

"What this all about?"

"I just realized since you've been her we haven't slept together in this bed or done... anything else for that matter." He said as he slid his hand down her pants teasing her slightly as she moaned a little. He climbed in to the bed with her pulling off her pants before moving in close and massaging her clit with his tongue making her writhe even more as she laid there letting the waves of pleasure flow through her. He kissed and sucked on her clit making her squeal out as he tortured her with pleasure.

"Oh shit, oh fuck!" She kept blurting out as his tongue made her feel incredible. He stuck his tongue as deep as he could along with his index finger hitting all of her sweet spots driving her wild until she suddenly yelled out as her pussy spazmed squirted he juices in to Brians face. She laid there totally spent trying to catch her breath as Brian wiped his face off and gave her a quick kiss.

"Wait?" She said as he stood up. "Where are you going? You haven't had an orgasm yet? She asked.

Brian smiled and said, "That's not why I did it, I did it to make you feel good."

Doll was more and more confused by human behavior but she smiled at him and said "well that just won't do." As she stood up and grabbed him by the shirt pulling him down to the bed. She rolled on top of him and hovered above his crotch for a moment with a devilish grin on her face.

"Babe really you don't have to..."

"Hush! I'm going to return the favor and you are going to shut up and enjoy it!" 

She started to slowly rub her on his crotch feeling him getting harder under his pants. She rubbed him slowly and gently before she unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. She stuck her tongue down in to the whole in the front of his boxers giving him a little tease making him roll his eyes in the back of his head. She opened up his pants and slid down his shorts getting a close look at his member as it stood fully erect. She traced her finger along his shaft making him moan even more as she teased and tickled him. She grabbed his cock and started massaging the tip with her tongue making little circular motions while her other hand was still slowly caressing him. 

Brian squirmed as all the gently stimulation was driving him wild. She took off her shirt and started to squeeze his cock between her breast sliding them up and down. Her skin was so soft on his shaft as it slid it tickled him slightly. After a few minutes she released his cock from her breast's and watched it as.it was pulsing with anticipation for more. She grabbed his cock and placed her lips around it before she shoved it as deep as she could in to her mouth. 

"Oh FUCK!" He yelled out as she started deep throating him sucking on his cock like she was trying to pull his soul out. The feeling was so intense he didn't have long before he could feel his orgasm building and the juicing flowing. 

"Oh shit, oh shit, I'm about to...FUCK!" He yelled out trying to give her plenty of warning before we unloaded in her mouth which to his surprise she swallowed every last drop from him. He.laid there panting as she finally released his cock and climbed up the bed laying down next to him. He wrapped his arm around her as they both laid there. Neither one of them noticed Lilith floating outside their window watching them with a huge smile on her face as they fell asleep together.