 Sara was at home trying not to think about the little shower orgy she had with Doll and Brian. What she didn't understand was why there was a bottle of slime in the bathroom. She thought about how good the slime felt on her skin. It felt great that first night when this all started but felt even more amazing earlier. 

Jill was staying at her boyfriends place so Sara had the place to herself. She had a glass of wine in her hand and was sitting around in her underwear and a robe. She was just planning on relaxing this evening when she heard a knock at the door.

"Who the hell?" She said as she walked to the door. When she looked through the peep hole she was surprised to see Jack standing in the hall.

"Shit... Jack!"

She opened the door and prepared for one of the most awkward conversations of her life.

"Hi Jack!... how you been?"

"Can we talk?"

"... I guess I owe you that. Come I ln."

She invited Jack in to her apartment shutting the door behind her.

"Are you alright?"

"Best way to describe it would be like a hangover,"

"Hangover? Aren't you a little young for that?" Sara said jokingly to try to break the tension.

"Ha, I guess we all have our secrets."

"I guess..."

There was a long pause as they both just stood there not really sure what to say to eachother.

"Sara? What happened the other day?"

"Um... that's a little hard to explain."

"Try me."

"Ok,..."

Sara looked for the best way to explain what had happened to her, or what Doll had done to her.

"OK so you know how I work with the Ghostbusters right? Well the other night I accidently released something... paranormal, and needless to say she kind of took control of my body."

"So that woman who was there, was a ghost or something?"

"Something like that, a creature that was making me do... well you know."

"Me?"

"Not just you, but yes basically."

"Oh."

"Yup"

There was another awkward silence for a while as they both just stood there. Sara was really hoping she didn't hurt his feelings while Jack wasn't really sure what to think about any of this.

"So... are you ok now?" Jack asked.

"Yes im fine, spells been reversed or whatever and I'm back to normal."

"Good, I'm glad you ok!"

"Me too, but are you ok?"

"I think so, you were... it was my first time."

"I'm so sorry about that! Did you tell you parents?"

"OH GOD no, are you kidding? I don't ever want to have that conversation. Hey mom and dad, while you were away my old babysitter came over and fucked me in to a coma!"

Sara couldn't help but chuckle a little at his comment.

"Well I'm still sorry."

"You keep saying sorry like you bashed me over the head or something. Sara the whole experience was amazing, I mean yeah you left me a little worn out but all in all it was a great time."

Sara blushed a little before she replied "Well, all supernatural transformations as side you weren't too bad yourself!"

Jack smiled and walked towards the door. Sara gave him a hug as he was leaving. The hug seemed to last a little longer than either one of them had planned. As Sara pulled away Jack leaned in and gave her a kiss. Sara was surprised but she found herself not pulling away but actually starting to run her fingers through his hair and getting in to it. Jack put his arm around her waist pulling her closer as they continued their make out.

Sara pulled away for a second and said "this is crazy!" Before kissing him again.

Jack responded with "yup" but neither one of them wanted to stop.

Jack pushed Sara back against the door and started kissing her neck as she wrapped one of her legs around him.

"Bedroom?" She said before grabbing him by the hand and pulling him behind her. As the entered her room she grabbed him and fell back on the bed pulling him down on top of her kissing him again!

"You're not gonna blindfold me again are you?"

Sara just smiled and sat up pulling her shirt off before grabbing his jeans and opening them up. "Are you ready for round 2?" 

Jack looked at her with a concerned look for a second before he asked "are you sure you're back to normal?"

Sara gave him a kind of devilish grin before she responded with "you'll just have to find out!" Before grabbing him again and pulling him down on top of her as he kissed neck working his way down to her breast's giving one of them a lick while he traced her other nipple with his thumb. 

Jack stopped and noticed how incredible she looked, he had always found her attractive but she just seemed so much more fit and sexy since the last time he saw her. Sara spread her legs inviting him in as he positioned himself before sliding inside her. She squealed out as her enhanced nerves made the whole experience feel amazing. She wrapped her legs around his waist crossing her ankles as he thrusted himself in and out of her.

"Holy shit! This is amazing!" Jack said as he fucked her.

Sara gave him another grin before she flipped him over and climbed on top of him. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her tits as she rode his cock. She wasn't sure what came over her, maybe it was from the slime experience earlier in the day, maybe she liked him, maybe she just wanted show him a good time without the negative consequences from last time. Whatever the reason was she was enjoying herself and Jack seemed to be as well. 

As she milked his cock between her legs Jack could feel his orgasm building. He tried to distract himself trying to delay it making the this last longer but he was losing the battle. Suddenly his cock twitched and he sprayed his man juice inside her as she screamed out in pleasure experiencing her own orgasm.

Sara stayed straddled on him for a moment still holding his hands on her breast's as she enjoyed the lasting effects of her orgasm. She opened her eyes and looked down at Jack who was breathing heavily and covered in sweat.

"So... how was that?" Sara asked.

"Apology accepted!" He replied with a grin.

Sara climbed off and laid down next to him putting her head on his shoulder. Jack wrapped his arm around her holding her close.

"So, now what?" He asked.

"I don't know, just lay here with me, we'll figure it out tomorrow."