 Nina was in the process of unpacking the final box from her move. She had been living in the city for years but after breaking up with her boyfriend she needed a new start so she moved into an apartment complex a few miles outside of the city to start a new chapter in her life.

A friend of hers had told her about the open apartments for rent in the same building he lived in which is what drew her to this place. His name was Kevin and they had been friends for years and had recently decided to try dating. Her ex Tony had always been kind of a dick when she hung out with Kevin which as part of what led her to breaking up with him almost 6 months. He was the jealous type and it got bad towards the end. It all happened around the time there had been reports of strange supernatural occurrences happening around the city. Kevin was always there for her and could have easily ended up in the friend zone but luckily for him she decided to give it a shot.

They had only been dating a month and were taking things slow. She had been with Tony for a few years and didn't want her relationship with Kevin to feel like a rebound. She enjoyed spending time with him back when they were just friends so not much had changed except the occasional kiss, but they were both happy together and happy taking things slow.

As she grabbed the last few articles of clothing out of the cardboard box she was emptying she looked down and saw a small bottle at the bottom rolling around. She reached in a grabbed it not sure what it was. After reading the label it appeared to be some sort of sexual lubricant that she assumed Tony got and wanted to try with her before they broke up. When she saw the name on the bottle she realized it came from the sex shop she had heard about on the news after it closed because the roof of the building had exploded or something causing the building to be condemned.

"Knock knock" she heard at her front door distracting her from the little bottle of pink liquid she had found as she realized Kevin was there.

She placed the bottle down on her dresser not giving it much thought before she went to meet Kevin at the door as they had plans to see a movie and he was there to pick her up. It sat there quiet and dormant as it had been hidden away for so long it only had a small sexual charge left in it which had been awakened slightly from the warmth of Nina's hand.

---------

Later that night after a movie and dinner Nina returned home tired and ready for bed. Kevin walked her to her door of course where he said good night before she turned to him kissing him. They both held their lips together for a moment as his hand slid behind her back pulling her close as their passion grew slightly. Nina was enjoying herself until she realized she needed to stop before this lead to something she wasn't ready for yet.

"Okay okay, we need to relax a bit." Nina said removing her lips from his.

"Yeah... uh, you're right, sorry."

"Don't be sorry, you've been so patient and I promise I will make this up to you soon, it's just... you know."

"It's okay Nina, I get it, and as hard as it is, it's no problem."

"Thanks, trust me, all good things come to those who wait."

"Then this should be awesome."

"Ha, good night Kevin."

"See you tomorrow."

Nina smiled at him before closing the door. She took a deep breath as she was very turned on but she didn't want to rush into sex and end up ruining this. It was getting just as hard for her to wait but she knew it was for the best. She dropped her purse and headed for the bedroom. She turned on the light and took of her hoodie throwing it on the foot of the bed before she sat down and took off her shoes and sliding off her jeans. She glanced over at the mirror looking herself over for a moment almost laughing as she was wearing just a t-shirt, panties and her socks.

Nina was about 5'8" with an athletic build. Her brunette hair was in a ponytail as she reached for the elastic holding it up to pull it out letting her hair fall to her shoulders. She grabbed her hair brush before laying down in bed and turning on her TV to find something to watch. She flipped through the channels not finding anything interesting at all so she switched over to the movie channels looking for something decent she could put on before she fell asleep. She came across some cheesy late night skin flick and stopped for a moment almost laughing at how horrible the acting was but as she watched it she found herself getting turned on by what she was seeing.

After the evening she spent with Kevin and that kiss they shared before coming inside she was still a bit hot and bothered so she placed the remote on her nightstand and began to gently touch the front of her panties. It was just a few gentle strokes at first but she began to enjoy the sensation as she continued to rub the little bump in the cloth where her clit was.

Nina enjoyed herself and didn't notice the little bottle she had left on her dresser. The slime could feel the sexual arousal in the air and was starting to awaken. It hadn't felt this energy in a long time and it wanted to feel more of it. It wanted to feel the sexual mood again, it wanted out of it's bottle and it wanted Nina. The sexual energy filled the room causing the bottle to tip over and slowly start to roll to the edge.

She continued to pleasure herself as her hand slid under her underwear letting her fingers slide inside her already moistened pussy. The feeling was strong as she grabbed her headboard with her other hand and began to moan out loud. She thought about Kevin and how much she wanted to fuck him. She closed her eyes and imagined him laying next to her with his hand inside her pleasuring her. She began to imagine him climbing on top of her teasing her slit with his erect member which she hadn't seen yet but figured was good size before imagining him jamming it inside her.

"Tap" Nina suddenly heard opening her eyes wondering what that sound was. She glanced over and saw the bottle she had found earlier had fallen off her dresser landing on the floor causing the noise she heard. She got up and grabbed it holding it while she laid back down. The bottle felt warm which was a little surprising but she began to think maybe it was a good time to try this stuff out. 

She went to push down on the top to open it as it had a cap similar to a lotion bottle but when she did a few drops squirted out hitting her in the face and chest. She opened her eyes a little surprised it had splattered like that but when she went to wipe the goo off her face she felt it between her fingers. It was warm and almost tingled a little in her hand. She felt a warm feeling go through her body and wondered how good it would feel in other places.

She took the small glob in her fingers and slid her hand back down under her panties touching her clit again with the goo. The moment it touched it it sent a jolt through her body making her jerk a little at the sensation. She began to rub it all over her pussy moaning as it made every sensation so much more intense.

"Oh fuck!" She said as her pussy felt ready to explode as she continued to rub herself.

The feeling was incredible and she rubbed more of the slime over her body pulling off her shirt and sliding her panties off the rest of the way. Nina was in a sexual haze as she grabbed the bottle and began to squirt this stuff all over her chest and stomache rubbing it into her skin. Her fingers slithered all over her as she spread the slime over every inch of her skin. Her hole body began to feel very sensitive. She touched her nipples and it felt like her breasts were about to cum which didn't make any sense but she didn't care because it felt so good she couldn't stop.

The slime was expanding and making it's way inside her through and means it could. It slid in through the obvious entrance between her legs but also through her nipples and even through the pores in her skin. The slime had been contained for so long it didn't want just one orgasm, it wanted to bond with her and keep the pleasure flowing using her to get what it wants.

Nina was in such a pleasurable state she didn't even realize she was floating a few feet above her bed as she continued to to rub the slime all over herself. It was now inside her, in her skin and organs spreading to every inch if her bonding with her on all levels. The room had a pinkish glow to it as her skin began to shine. A ball of energy began to build inside her right between her legs as the slime focused it's attentions on all her sweet spots bringing her to orgasm. She was right on the edge and the slime held her there for a few moments before finally giving her release. 

Nina let out a scream that woke up some of the neighbors nearby as her pussy felt like it had just exploded sending pleasures through her she didn't think were possible. Warm feelings flowed all around her as the slime seemed to be the only thing keeping her body from exploding as well. She had no idea how long any of this had gone on for or how long she was in the air but when the slime was done with her she was asleep and being gently laid back down on the bed as all the remnants of slime slithered inside her leaving her skin dry except for sweat as her body shined before her covers moved themselves covering her up and even tucking her in letting her sleep comfortably.

As she slept the slime completed bonding with her now having control of her body leaving her unaware of her purpose. There was a sudden knocking on the floor and a woman's voice downstairs yelling something through it too muffled to make out. It was not enough to awaken Nina but the slime slithered a small amount out of her before heading for the floor forcing itself through the rug and floor boards and into the apartment under them.

-----------

"Jesus, I don't know what the hell all that noise was about but some people are trying to sleep." Rachel said upset from being woken up but the noise Nina was making upstairs.

Rachel was a middle aged woman who lived underneath Nina. Her and her husband Jack had lived there for years and didn't even know anyone had moved into the empty apartment until that night. Rachel was blonde and was in a very healthy shape along with her husband. Both were attractive people for their age and lived a healthy lifestyle.

"Sounds like it's over, besides she could have been murdered for all we know, with screams like that?"

"It sounded more like screams of passion, but whatever, I'll just yell at her when I meet her." She said climbing back into bed.

"Be nice, it's not worth starting trouble with our new neighbor."

"It depends on how much sleep I get now." She said getting comfortable shutting her eyes and trying to go back to sleep.

It wasn't long before she was out cold along with her husband unaware of the pink stain that had formed on the ceiling above them. The slime began to drip on the blankets gaining control of them before sliding them off revealing the couple's bodies to the night air. Luckily she was only wearing a nighty and he was wearing boxer shorts which the slime would make quick work of.

As the slime dripped down possessing their clothing and blankets neither one of them were aware of what was happening around them. Rachel's nighty began to tear in half before both sides slide around her wrists gently lifting her arms up tying them to the headboard. One of the blankets tore up as well tying up jacks hands the same as hers before forming a gag around both their mouths.

Rachel and Jack suddenly awoke in a panic not sure what was happening as they were both tied up with their mouths covered. Rachel was shocked to see she was only wearing a pair of panties as Jack was still in his boxer shorts and neither one of them had any idea what was going on as they struggled to get free.

Jack suddenly felt something warm and wet fall on top of his shorts through the hole in the front of them. He was confused when he felt a warm tingling sensation on his cock which began to harden sticking up through his shorts with a pink slimy liquid dripping off of it. Rachel looked on as not sure what was happening to her husband as they both watched the skin on his erect cock begin to move on it's one as if his cock had begun jerking itself off.

He struggled at first but soon the pleasure began to take hold and he couldn't help but enjoy the feeling as Rachel watched in horror before she felt something warm and wet land on her panties. She looked down and watched her cotton underwear suddenly slide off like they were being pulled off by invisible hands. Her eyes widened as another glob landed right on her slit before oozing inside her.

She felt the warm glob of goo wiggle inside her as a warm sensation began to stir. Her clit began to pulse along with the inner walls of her vagina. Whatever this stuff was it felt amazing as her eyes rolled in her head and she began to feel an amazing sensation between her legs. The slime began to bubble and fizz out of her increasing her pleasure like someone put pop rocks inside her.

Jack let out a moan as his cock fetched and erupted shooting goo all over his stomach but it was not the milky white color of cum, it was now the same pinkish color of the slime that was causing all of this. Rachel began to feel her own orgasm building as more and more of the pink slime bubbled and squirted out of her but then something else began to happen as she looked down and saw the same pink liquid start to slither out if her nipples as well running down her breasts and across her stomach.

Her breasts had begun to pulse along with her pussy as her nipples squirted small stream of goo up into the air before it landed back down on them. Her breasts seemed to strlart swelling as well growing a little larger. Neither one of them had control of their own bodies anymore. Even though they had both orgasmed their parts were continuing to move and didn't seem to be stopping any time soon. There was no pain, just pleasure as they were slaves to this slime and what it was going to inflict on them over and over again.