 Nina awoke as the sun shined through her window. She had no memory of what had happened last night or of what had happened to her. The last thing she remembered was masturbating and using the bottle of lube but after that everything seemed a little fuzzy. She slid off the covers and saw her shirt and underwear were on like she remembered. She felt a little strange but wasn't exactly sure why as she sat up and stretched. After a moment or two she headed to the bathroom to brush her teeth and take a shower.

Nina turned on the light and began brushing her teeth when she noticed something a little odd. As she looked in the mirror she noticed her breasts seemed a bit larger than she remembered them being. They were not too big and actually looked very shapely and nice. She slid off her shirt and examined them closer grabbing them with her hands feeling them. They were plump and felt nice as she began to rub her nipples enjoying the sensation for a moment.

She closed her eyes and gave them a bit of a squeeze biting her lip as she was becoming very turned on. Her toothbrush fell out of her mouth falling into the sink as she continued to play with her new swollen boobs almost losing herself to the moment.

"Oh yeah!" She moaned out before she opened her eye's and stopped when she suddenly realized what she was doing. "What the hell am I doing?" She said to herself before she picked her toothbrush up and rinsed it off placing it back in the cup before turning the shower on.

Nina shook her head and stripped down before climbing in the shower letting the warm water hit her face. She had taken the week off from work to finish unpacking so she had the next few days to hang out with Kevin but she wasn't sure what the plan was for the day. As she started to think about Kevin and what they could do later she began to think about his cock and how much she wanted to fuck him. It was rather sudden and strange but her hand began to slide down between her legs and she started touching herself thinking about what she wanted to do to his cock when she saw him later.

"Oh... Kevin" she moaned out as she began to pleasure herself.

Her fingers played with the slit between her legs as her other hand began to grab her breasts again. The pleasure filled her body as she laid down on the tub floor pleasuring herself as the water spraid down on on her. She didn't care about her water bill or anything else except making herself cum. Her finger slid deeper inside herself as she squeezed her nipples as well. The feeling was amazing as she bucked her hips and moaned louder and louder before her pussy started to spasm and even start to squirt soaking her fingers in a slimy liquid. 

Still feeling an intense orgasm she also didn't notice the strange light that filled her whole body before it came flowing out from her. The light formed a sort of pinkish phantom cloud floating above her sprouting arms and a eye's with a large tongue hanging from it's mouth before it disappeared through the wall leaving a slimy fluid dripping from it's exit point. Her eye's were closed and she hadn't seen a thing just a little bit of light, all she had was the amazing pleasure still reeling inside her.

Nina laid in the tub for a few moments feeling the after effects of her orgasm. She eventually opened her eyes and picked herself up confused as to why she has been so horny since she woke up. She cleaned herself up trying to finish her shower before she noticed a pink slimy substance on her fingers. She rinsed it off seeing a little bit of the pink color in the water on the floor. She also noticed a gooey clear substance on the wall next to her when she put her hand there to steady herself.

"What the hell?" She said to herself thinking about the bottle of pink lubricant she used last night.

She was concerned but began thinking it was just left over residue from the lube. She grabbed the handheld sprayer and cleaned herself out hoping she got the last of it spraying inside. She finished up before wrapping herself in a towel and drying off. She wiped off the mirror and looked herself over again seeing her expanded breasts and wondering how it had happened but still enjoying how nice they looked.

Nina was starting to feel pretty normal again after relieving herself in the shower. She headed back to her room where she put on her panties and jeans but then she ran across a problem when she noticed her bra wouldn't fit. Whatever was causing her breasts to swell had made them too big to fit them. She slid on a t-shirt and looked in the mirror soon realizing they were perky enough that she didn't really need the bra but she still wasn't sure why they had grown overnight. She then started to wonder if Kevin would notice and what she would tell him.

"Oh... Kevin."

When Kevin came across her mind she suddenly felt herself becoming turned on again whispering his name to herself as her hands began to rub the front of her pants and her breasts again enjoying the sensation. She began to feel her nipples pulsing along with her clit as she thought about Kevin's cock sliding inside her. She felt the button of her jean pop open and then unzipping without her doing so but she didn't care as her hand slid under her panties and she began to finger herself again.

"What the fuck!" She said out loud after she realized something wasn't right with her but still not able to stop as her finger played with her pussy.

She moved back against her dresser still fingering herself vigorously while grabbing her breasts with her other hand. Her nipples were so sensitive at even the slightest touch sent waves of pleasure through her all the way to her pussy. Even though she had fun in the shower moments ago she still needed more and it was getting a bit crazy. Her fingers slid in and out of her faster and faster as she brought herself closer to orgasm. She noticed a light begin to shine from her as her skin lit up. She was shocked at what was happening but still couldn't stop herself as she glowed brighter and brighter before she fell to the floor and gave out a passionate moan feeling something warm come flowing out of her as she orgasmed. She looked and saw what seemed like energy or light flow out of her skin forming a ball in front of her before sprouting arms and a flowing tail resembling some sort of phantom creature. This one was green and was different from the one in the shower though she hadn't seen it. It looked around and then back at her before it giggled and left the room passing right through the wall leaving a slimy residue behind.

Nina couldn't believe what she had just seen happen in front of her. She lifted her hand out which was odd because her pussy lips almost seemed tight like it was sucking on her fingers as she pulled them out and saw more of that pink slime on them and she began to panic a little not sure what was going on or what had just come out of her. She looked on the floor for the bottle she had used last night finding it under her nightstand. She wiped her hand on the towel she used from the shower and started to read the ingredients but there wasn't anything out of the ordinary in them which only confused her more.

Her attention shifted when she suddenly heard a knock at the door from across her apartment. Panicking a little she threw the bottle in the drawer on her nightstand before wiping her hand again making sure there was no more if this stuff on her before she ran down to answer the door.

"Who is it?" She asked already having a good idea it was Kevin.

"Just me." He said from the other side of the door.

"Shit!" She said to herself not sure what to tell him if anything. "Yeah um, give me a sec." She said trying to think about what to do when the door suddenly opened as she looked over ready to ask how he unlocked it be saw his hands were full holding a box. "How the?"

"How what?" Kevin asked before he walked in put the box down on her coffee table.

"I didn't open the door?"

"Really? Must not have been latched, you should double check that or have management check it out, wouldn't want someone breaking in."

"Yeah um" she said confused knowing she had shut and locked it last night. "Anyway what's with the box?"

"These are those glasses I told you about, I bought a new set and figured you could use these for now."

"Oh right, the glasses, yeah thanks."

"Are you okay? You seem a bit off this morning."

Nina wasn't sure what to tell him as she wasn't even sure what was going on. She didn't feel right and was also finding herself getting turned on again as he stood there. She looked down at his pants wanting to leap towards him and pull them off to get a look at his cock before jamming it inside herself. She realized she had been silent for a few moments and tried to think of something to say.

"I'm okay, I just um..."

"Hey Nina, your pants are open." He said looking down at her open pants showing off her panties.

"Oh shit, sorry I was getting dressed when you knocked."

"No need to apologize, I enjoyed the show." He said with a smile joking around with her.

Suddenly Nina began to feel her body acting strange again. She felt her nipples perk up before they began to start to pulse again. Her pussy soon followed as she could feel it getting warm and wet as her clit started pulsing and the inner walls began to swell.

"Shit!" She said under her breath feeling her body start to act up.

"What was that?" Kevin asked.

"Okay well I um" she said starting to squirm as her body turned on her. "I have a bunch of stuff to do today so I'll uh... I'll call you later?"

"Wait I thought we were spending the day together?"

"Change of plan, but I will call you I promise." She said starting to push him towards the door.

"Wait, I um... is everything okay?"

"Yes I'm fine, I will call you I promise."

"Okay but, did I do something wrong?" Kevin asked confused about why she was suddenly kicking him out.

Nina stood there not knowing what to tell him and felt horrible for doing this to him even though she knew it was for his own good. She really liked him and didn't want to hurt him but until she could figure out what was happening to her and what this slime was she didn't want to put him in danger. As hard as this decision was she had no choice.

"I am so sorry." She said shutting the door in his face and locking it.

Kevin was shocked and even a little hurt about what had just happened. He almost went to knock again but he was just so confused he turned and headed towards the elevator unsure of what exactly he had done to deserve that. He started to wonder if her ex boyfriend was in there with her or someone else. He found himself even getting a little angry but decided to go for a drive and run some errands to try to get his mind off of things. A part of him knew he might be overreacting so he needed to calm down.

----------

Nina had her back against the door with tears in her eyes after what she had just done. She felt horrible and feared he wouldn't understand which made her feel worse. She couldn't feel bad for long as parts of her were still pulsing and she knew she had to cum again. Wiping her eyes she ran to the bedroom and began to dig through her closet looking for something she hadn't seen since before she moved but had a good idea of where it was.

She dug through a box in the corner when she finally saw the purple piece of plastic she was looking for. She grabbed it and pulled it out examining her old vibrator. She hit the switch and felt it turn on happy she didn't have to find batteries before she went over to the bed and slid her pants down. The pulsing got stronger as if her pussy was waiting for it before she shoved the item inside herself hoping it would be enough to get this stuff out of her. Her pussy tightened around it to the point she couldn't pull it out if she wanted to. She looked down and saw it sliding in and out of her on it's own vibrating wildly while her parts still pulsed on their own.

"Holy FUCK!!" She yelled out as grabbing her headboard and bucking her hips up as the sensation felt insane.

Her shirt suddenly ripped open as her breasts began to wiggle on their own pulsing and moving making her feel good. She felt very moist between her legs as a pink goo was dripping out of her pussy around the plastic vibrator inside her which seemed to start vibrating even harder to the point she was screaming out as the pleasure got more and more intense. Her skin around her pussy began to glow again before spreading up her stomach and down her legs. She felt warm as she started to float off the bed like she did last night though this time she was aware of it but too caught up in the sensation to care. She felt the pressure between her legs build as she spread them feeling ready to explode when she felt the vibrator shoot out of her and hit the wall shattering before her pussy tightened giving her an orgasm she didn't think was possible almost still vibrating like the plastic toy was still inside her. The pleasure was intense as the slime twisted every nerve ending in her body making her scream her lust.

While all this was going on another orb of light came floating out of her in the air as she stopped glowing. She was gently being lowered back down on the bed breathing heavily as her body was still reeling from the pleasure. The energy began to take form above her as she was barely able to keep her eyes open. She looked up and saw a woman's face staring down at her as she had a pale look and shapely breasts. Her lower half seemed more like a mist and Nina was confused about what had just come out of her.

The ghostly figure smiled down at her before moving close and planting a kiss on her lips. Nina was more confused than ever as she felt a warm tongue inside her mouth playing with hers for a moment before it pulled away. She watched as the figure turned and went through the wall disappearing and leaving a slimy wet spot like the last one.

"What the fuck is happening to me?"