 A spirit roamed the building looking for a lover. After she had tricked Glen letting getting him turned on and ready for action before letting the little goblin have its way with his cock. She was originally going to have her way with him herself but the more she thought about it he really wasn't her type but she was still looking for some action of her own. She could feel all the sexual energy around her but her focus turned towards an apartment that seemed to have nothing going on inside so she decided to investigate.

She remained unseen as she floated through the door looking around. She heard noises coming from the bedroom so she headed down there where she found a young man sitting in front of multiple screens wearing a headset. He was holding some sort of controller and appeared to be playing a video game with others as there were other people's faces in the corner of the other screens.

Fascinated by this she stood there and examined the situation. She could sense this young man was sexually I experienced which got her a little excited. She had always like the shy and innocent types back in her day and knew she could have some fun with him. Watching the screens it was some sort of game where strange creature shot other strange creature.

"Hey Tim, who's the hottie in your room?" One of the people on the computer said.

"Huh, what are you talking about Bobby?" Tim said turning back and not seeing anything or anyone.

"Dude there us a seriously hot blonde sitting on the edge of your bed right now, how do you not see her?" Bobby replied.

Tim looked back again and didn't see anyone there before he said "Dude you are fucking with me."

"I'm serious, she's right..." 

Tim's headset went silent and when he turned back to the screens they were all blank like the system had shut down.

"Well great!" He said throwing his controller on the floor before getting up.

He was aggravated as he couldn't figure out why his system went dead before he headed for the kitchen to get a snack when he stopped. He turned towards the bed thinking he had heard a woman giggle but there was no one there. He turned and kept going toward the hallway down through the living room and around to the kitchen to make a sandwich. He was kind of pissed off that his gaming center scrapped out because he didn't know what else to do with the day.

Tim had always been a bit of a shut in. He had finished college and worked for an IT company for over the phone help. Today was a day off and he didn't have a lot of friends outside his gaming buddies. He was also still a virgin as he had always been a bit of a nerd. He wasn't a bad looking guy but he wasn't very good with the ladies.

As Tim ate his sandwich his guest watched and waited for a good moment to strike. She remained unseen as she came Into the kitchen floating around behind him. She bit her lips as she enjoyed toying with people before she leaned in close. Tim had no idea she was there as he finished his snack wiping his hands on a towel.

"Hello." A voice suddenly whispered In his ear causing him to jump a little.

"What the hell?" He said spinning around and looking all over. "Who's there?"

There was no response at first but then he heard that giggle again coming from the living room. He turned and could have sworn he saw a blonde woman walk around the corner to the living room. He ran over to see but there was nobody there. He began to think he was going crazy when he heard the giggle once more coming from the hallway. He turned and saw the same woman again walking into his bedroom.

"Hey you, what are you doing in here?" He yelled out slowly walking towards his bedroom. "I'll call the police." He said hearing nothing in return.

He walked into his room and there was no body there. He looked all over confused by what was going on. He sat down on the edge of his bed shaking his head wondering if he had been staring at the computer screen too long when the light began to flicker a little. Help looked over confused wondering if his room had a bad circuit which is why his game went out but those thoughts disappeared when his bedroom door suddenly slammed shut causing him to jump off the bed startled. His heart was racing when he heard a woman giggle behind him. He spun around and his jaw dropped when he saw a blonde woman standing front of him. She was very beautiful but he could tell something wasn't right. He could see through her and she didn't seem to have any legs just a mist below her waist.

"Oh my God!" He said as he couldn't look away from her.

She smiled and moved closer to him reaching her hand out for his face. Tim was a bit nervous as he backed up and fell on the bed. She laughed at him before floating down above him getting her face close to his. She placed her hand on his cheek which felt surprisingly warm to him as he stared into her eyes.

"Um... hello... what uh... who are you?" He asked nervously.

She did not answer as she just smiled before pressing her lips to his. Tim was shocked but felt her tongue inside his mouth as he did his best to kiss her back having almost no experience. He was starting to enjoy himself when she pulled away and floated back to a standing position. He was confused but the lights began to flicker again until they went out completely. There was still light coming through the window so it wasn't too dark in there but he noticed that she suddenly had two legs and was standing at the end of his bed.

"Hey you have..." He said almost feeling stupid for saying it.

She smiled and placed her foot on the bed showing off her foot and leg as she slid her hand up pulling up the skirt of the dress she was wearing. She looked over to him and smiled as if looking for his approval.

"Wow, uh... yes very nice." He said getting nervous.

She began to untie her corset taking it off and dropping it as it seemed to disappear. She slid her dress off her shoulders showing him more as he began to shake almost having a panic attack at what was going on before him.

"Oh my... Oh shit...! He sputtered out as there was a beautiful naked ghost standing in front of him and he had no idea what to do about it. "Look um... you are very... and I... well I'm a..." He stopped when she leaned forward and crawled towards him placing her finger on his lips to shush him.

Something about her was able to make him relax a bit. He wasn't sure what it was but he suddenly felt very comfortable even though he had never been in the same room as a naked woman let alone a ghost. She was beautiful even though he could see through her but he was blown away. She took his hands and placed them on her hips. She felt solid, warm, and very soft as he felt her skin. She even seemed to be enjoying his touch as she licked her lips and moaned a little.

She grabbed his hand and guided it in between her legs shoving his fingers inside her pussy. It felt warm and wet as he gently massaged her opening before he shoved them deeper. He was still extremely nervous but seeing her reaction told him enough to keep going and hope he did a good job. He could hear her moaning which got him even more turned on. He began to feel a warm fluid dripping from his fingers as if she was really here.

She placed her hand on his arm implying she had enough. He looked up at her as she began to crawl back until she was face to face with his crotch. He looked down as there was an obvious bulge in his pants and she could see it. Tim's heart was pounding in his chest as his pants seemed to start to unzip and unbuckle themselves as if flowering open just for her. His underwear slid down revealing his throbbing manhood to her as her face was only inches from it.

Tim was never sure if he was of adequate size but she seemed to not care about that as she started to trace her fingers along his shaft examining it. She smiled again not seeming to have any issue with its size as she grabbed his cock and began to trace her tongue up his shaft. Tim shook as he had no idea how good it would feel thinking he would never find out. Her lips pressed against it as she kissed it between licks working her way up towards his tip before using her tongue to push his foreskin back.

Tim was in heaven as this beautiful seductress had her way with his quivering member. He never thought he would ever experience anything like this and was grabbing the sheets beneath him squeezing his fists. She wrapped her lips around the head and lowered herself taking him all the way to her throat. He let out a yell at the sensation as he body jerked. It felt good but it started to feel too good as she continued to suck.

"Oh shit... wait... I'm gonna... oh Fuck!" He said trying to warn her as he didn't want it to end this soon but it was no use. "OH FUCK!" He yelled as his cock erupted into her mouth as she grabbed it with her hand and sucked up every last drop not letting any of it escape. Holding on for a few moments she finally let go of his cock licking it a few more times as he laid there catching his breath before he said "I am so sorry, I really wanted this to..." He was stopped when she rushed towards his face kissing him again.

Tim was confused until she let go of his mouth and started to move. She slid her waist forward before she straddled his face shoving her wet pussy right in his face. He was now very worried not knowing exactly what to do but he wrapped his arms around the back of her legs and buried his face in her doing his best. He focused his tongue on her clit first hearing her moan with approval before he shoved his tongue deeper. He was just doing whatever he thought she would like and was shocked as nothing tasted badly. There was barely any taste at all just the feeling as he continued to tongue bathe her pussy.

She grabbed his head bored and began to move her hips a little as he continued to shove his tongue inside her. He was doing just as well as she expected if not better. She loved having her way with virgins as it gave her a feeling of control and she always got what she needed from them. As Tim continued he found himself getting hard and turned of again. His cock was at full attention as he made circles with his tongue still trying to return the favor. He heard her moan loudly which was a sign he was doing a good job. Her moans grew louder and her hips moved faster until she pushed herself into his face and he felt a warm fluid spray down his chin and she yelled out like a banshee in the night.

Tim laid there for a moment until he noticed there was nothing against his face anymore. He opened his eyes and looked around to discover she was gone. He sat up and looked all over as he was a little depressed she was gone. His cock was hard again and ready to go but a part of him just felt maybe he should be grateful for what he got but then he noticed a light to his left as a cloud began to form in front of his dresser. He focused his eyes as she was suddenly standing there again. She stared at him biting her lips before she turned around and bent over spreading her legs as she leaned against the dresser. She looked back and was inviting him to shove his cock inside her and Tim wasted little time jumping up and positioning himself behind her. He had no idea what had come over him or where this confidence came from before shoving his cock into her dripping wet pussy, but he didn't care, he was just going for it and enjoying himself.

She let out a yell as he moved his hips thrusting himself in and out of her. He slid his hands around her grabbing her breasts as she moaned again leaning back against his chest. He kissed her neck and shoulder as she reached back grabbing his hair as she seemed to be definitely enjoying the cock I side her. She was so warm and tight as his cock slid with ease feeling her lubrication which was present on his cock.

She suddenly pushed away and pushed him back down on the bed quickly climbing on top of him and impaling herself back on his cock as she bounce up and down milking his member. Tim pulled himself up kissing her breasts and sucking on her nipples as he just gave in and did whatever seemed right. She wrapped her arms around his head holding his face against her breasts as she continued to milk his cock. She leaned back running her fingers through his hair before kissing him again sucking on his lips and moving so hard his bed was starting to shake.

Tim never thought he would have sex with anyone let alone this phantom woman who was giving him a fucking he had only seen in pornos. The room began to smell of sweat and other fluids and it just turned him on even more. He grabbed her ass squeezing it as she moaned out. He could feel the sweat on her skin which was strange as she was a ghost but he didn't care. She was the best thing that ever happened to him and even though he wasn't sure how long this was going to last he wanted to enjoy every second of it.

His cock began to twitch inside her and he felt the pressure build. Her moans were louder and more rhythmic as she bounced on his cock. He felt her tighten around his cock before he let out a yell and began to empty the contents of his balls into her phantom pussy. She yelled out as fluids began to spray out of her as well. It was an intense sensation they shared before he collapsed back on his bed exhausted. 

Time could barely keep his eyes open and knew he would pass out soon. He didn't want her to leave and reached out for her trying to touch her one last time but she seemed to be gone. His arms fell to his sides out of exhaustion as he started to fade a little bummed out she was gone but before passed out he felt someone suddenly nuzzle up against him and lay with her head on his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight as he passed out not sure if she would still be there when he awoke.