 Gary was laying in his bed after getting home from work about twenty minutes ago. He had been through a very long day and was exhausted so when he got to his room he just fell back on the bed to rest for a moment which ended with him falling asleep. His wife Darlene was due home any minute so there was nothing to disturb him at the moment. What he didn't notice was the floating pink phantom that had just flown into the bedroom and was observing him while he slept. It hovered over him listening to him snore before it sent its attention elsewhere. He was laying on his back which made things easy for her as she was looking for more ways to produce slime for her master.

She floated down near his crotch and began to open up his pants. He was wearing briefs but she was easily able to slide them down to see his limp penis laying there. Happy she had found her first one for the day she grabbed it and dripped a few drops of slime onto the tip of his cock. She massage it gently letting the pink ooze slide inside of him hoping not to wake him.

As the slime began to work its magic when she heard the front door open as Gary's wife had just gotten home. The Phantom had done what she needed so she turned and flew through the wall as Gary's cock got harder and harder sticking straight up in the air. Darlene called out his name before she came down to the bedroom. She walked in and saw him asleep with his cock in the air which made her chuckle a little. She went and tapped his shoulder trying to wake him up. It took a few tries but eventually he opened his eyes and looked up at her a little confused.

"Hey Honey." He said adjusting his eyes and stretching.

"Hello yourself, is that for me?" She asked pointing down at his throbbing member.

"What the hell, are you trying to take advantage of me?" He asked half jokingly.

"Hey I walked in and you were like this."

"What? I don't remember pulling my pants down?"

"Oh really?" She said sitting down on the side of the bed and patting the tip of his cock.

"Oh shit, that felt kinda good!" He said as he was confused about why he was so horny.

"Well we have to think about supper."

"Supper can wait can't it?"

"You think it's that easy, just fall asleep with you dick out?"

"I'm just saying, it's up and why waist a good boner."

"You pig, but alright." She said as she got up and slid her panties off from under her skirt. "But let's make it quick okay?"

"As opposed to?" He said with a chuckle as she gave him a few strokes with her hand 

"I think I'll skip the foreplay, I think he's good and ready." She said before she spit on her hand and stroked him a little getting him a little lubed before straddling him letting his cock slide inside her. "Oh Shit!"

"You alright?" He asked.

"Yeah, oh fuck yeah, did you get bigger?"

"Not last time I checked."

She began to gently move her hips still wearing her work skirt as she started to enjoy herself. Something was strange because the sex felt very good today. His cock seemed to be hitting her in all the right places as she milked it between her legs. She even began to moan as she continued getting really into it. Gary was enjoying himself as well as he slid his hands around her hips sliding her skirt up a little more. She had left her shirt on as she had intended this to be a quickie but she started to unbutton it and pull it off followed by her bra which she threw across the room. She grabbed his hand and placed them on her breasts as she grinded harder against him moving faster and moaning louder.

Gary couldn't believe the way she was acting but she was really getting Into it as she pulled him up and kissed him while ripping his shirt open sending buttons flying. He grabbed her ass again squeezing it as she wrapped her arms around his neck and held him close. As good as it felt it seemed to be taking a while for either of them to fun which was strange. He felt like every time she moved he was about to explode but he didn't.

"Oh fuck! Don't stop!" She said as she tilted her head back and moved faster grabbing his hair and pulling to the point it almost hurt.

He was kissing her chest and sucking on her tits just putting his mouth wherever he could as she got crazier. She dug her fingernails into his back as the pleasure intensified inside her. She was moaning and whining as she moved her hips milked the hell out of him until he felt his cock begin to twitch. He held her waist tightly as she pressed her lips to his right as his cock finally erupted.

Darlene screamed out as his cock began to empty into her. She kept bouncing on his cock and he could feel the warm fluid dripping down around his waist. What was strange was it wasn't stopping and he soon realized what was coming out of him was much more than there should have been. He glanced down and saw a pink colored goo all over his lap and dripping down the side of his cock as Darlene continued to fuck him.

"Oh shit... Honey... Something's not right here?" He said as she Ignored him and continued to ride his cock.

He could feel the pleasure starting to build again as she bounced on top of him still milking the slime from his member. He wanted to stop and find out what was going on but it felt too good. It wasn't long before he came again and more ooze dripped from them both as she screamed out her pleasure.

She finally got off his cock and pulled him off the bed before she turned around bending over the dresser and said "get back inside me!" And pulled him until his cock slid back inside her dripping pussy.

He bent down and grabbed her breasts from behind as he drove his cock into her from behind. Her moans grew louder as the slime dripped from them making a puddle on the floor. No matter how many times either one of them had an orgasm they couldn't stop. It wasn't enough for either of them and they had to keep going. Eventually they both fell to the floor with him on top sliding back inside her. They rolled around in the puddle of pink goo and continued to fuck over and over again. They produced gallons of the stuff and the slime had no intentions of letting them stop anytime soon as the slime puddle grew and grew before expanding the other apartments.

"Don't... ever... stop... Fucking me!" Darlene yelled as he continued while they were covered with slime on the floor.

He knew something was definitely wrong here as he looked down at his wife who seemed like a crazy horney school girl just wanting to be fucked over and over again. The worst part was he couldn't stop giving to her even if he wanted to. He continued to thrust himself constantly emptying his balls into her like there was a bottomless reserve inside him. They were both covered in this strange pink ooze but he could swear it was beginning to squirt from her breasts as well. Her nipples seemed to become more sensitive because whenever he touched them she let out a passionate cry and he could swear something squirted from them each time. Her breasts also seemed to start swelling a little getting bigger in his hands as his cock seemed to start swelling more as well but she still wanted it, screaming her lust as they continued in their never ending fuck!