 Ben hadn't been the same since that day at the Sex Toy Shop. It was such a strange experience that left him freaked out and turned on at the same time. He kept having dreams about it, being handcuffed while the different toys and that woman had their way with him. He was constantly waking up with a hard on.

It had been weeks and he was still unemployed. He remembered coming home that day with his dick still throbbing, like it wouldn't stop until he finally washed that pink goo off himself. He had no idea that the woman who had done that to him was now working at the store, or of anything else that had happened since then.

It was late and he had just eaten a microwave dinner before sitting down to watch TV. He didn't hear the faucet in his bathroom turn on letting pink ooze begin to fill his bath tub. The only thing he noticed was his cock beginning to get stuff in his pants. He wasn't sure why because he was just watching game shows, he suddenly had a raging hard on.

Suddenly the bathroom door swung open scaring the hell out of Ben making him jump up off the couch. He turned and was even more shocked when he saw someone standing in the doorway. He saw an amazing set of legs as he worked his way up, she was wearing a bright red nighty that left little to the imagination and had bright red hair. He felt a chill go up his spine when he saw her face, it was her, the same girl from the shop.

"Oh shit... how did you... what do you want?" He stumbled to speak still shocked at what was going on.

Red smiled and began walking towards him. Ben tripped over his own feet falling back on the couch trying to back away. Red chuckled a little at his stumble before she raised her hand pointing it at him. Ben wasn't sure what she was doing until he felt his belt come loose and his pants unzip.

"Woah wait, what are you doing?" He said watching his underwear slide down as well revealing his boner. He struggled to cover his cock with his hand trying to protect it from her as he wasn't sure what her plan was.

"You really think that's gonna stop me?" She said mockingly.

"What do you want from me?"

"Whats wrong? Didn't you enjoy it last time?" She said rubbing herself seductively.

"I uh..." he paused as he found himself distracted by what she was doing. "what are you?"

She smiled again and walked over to the chair across the room. She leaned over and spread her legs revealing her incredible pussy to him dripping with desire. "Come on big boy, ill let you decide this time!"

Ben was confused but he couldn't help but be tempted. His dick was rock hard and ready to go and he remembered that as intense as things got she didn't hurt him last time. It didn't take long for him to get up and rush up behind her sliding he throbbing member inside her.

The moment his cock touched her pussy he felt electricity shoot through him. She felt like she was dripping with liquid fire. the sensation was intense as he slid his cock in and out of her over and over again. It felt so good he didn't care about the pink slime dripping everywhere, or where she came from, or even how she got in his apartment, all he cared about was the pleasure. He was so distracted with pleasure that he didn't notice her muttering something under her breath, he couldn't make what she was saying, it almost didn't sound like English as she chanted away.

Ben wasnt sure what was going on when he noticed a light starting to shine from her pussy. He tried to pull out when it suddenly clamped down on him. He pulled and pulled but her pussy would not let him go.

"What the fuck?... whats going on?"

"Its rude not to let a girl finish." She said before she went back to her chanting.

Ben was still struggling to free himself when he felt something strange happening. It felt like something was forcing itself into his pee hole and down in to his cock. It was an intense sensation that didn't hurt but he was feeling a little violated. The walls over her pussy were moving like it was sucking on his member while whatever it was was still entering his dick. He could feel it getting deeper and deeper inside him all the way to his balls.

"Oh god! Stop it! Whatever you're doing stop!"

She ignored him and continued her chant as he felt his cock filling up with something warm but he still couldn't help but enjoy the sensation as he was still approaching orgasm.

After what felt like pleasurable torture he finally felt his orgasm but instead of something shooting out of his cock he felt something slither more inside. He yelled out in pleasure as her pussy finally let go of him and he fell backwards landing on the couch as his cock continued to spasm but nothing came out.

As the sensation started to subside he noticed he was still horny. He could easy blow a load at any moment. He looked down at his cock which seemed a little bigger. He noticed a green slime around the tip while the rest of his cock was covered with the pink goo.

"What the fuck was that? What did you do to me?"

She stood up and walked over to him examining his cock for a minute. She stroked it slightly and Ben freaked out a little as he felt something move around inside it.

"What the fuck!"

Red giggled a little before she said "i wanted to try something, and your penis seemed like a good candidate."

"Candidate? For what? What the fuck is inside me?"

"Here let me show you." She said wrapping her hand around his gooey member. 

She began to slide her hand up and down jerking him off. Ben was still in shock but couldn't help but enjoy the sensation as it didn't take long before he felt whatever was in his cock move around and he suddenly came. The orgasm felt amazing and this time he definitely something come out of him which only made the sensation better.

After a few moments he caught his breath before he looks down and saw something very strange. In her hand was a small green blob wiggling around. It suddenly sprouted to arms and molded the shape of a mouth and 2 eyes. She patted it on the head before she lowered her hand placing it on the floor. It jumped out of her hand and slither across the floor and under his front door.

Ben just had a shocked look on his face and didn't know what to say. His cock was still throbbing and he felt like it wouldn't be long before he could cum again.

"I'm so happy that worked!" She said before looking at the pale look in his face. "Oh im sorry, you have a creature living in your dick!"

Bens face was still in shock.

"Let me explain, these little creatures feed off orgasms, and every time they feed the multiply. The little guy is on his why to find a new home while yours is prepping for its next meal."

Ben couldn't believe what he was hearing. Some small green slime ball has turned his cock in to its home!

"Now they like to feed about every 20 minutes or so so have at it!" Red said as she stood up like she was about to leave.

"Wait! What did... why?"

"Why not? Don't worry with that little guy inside you your orgasms are gonna feel amazing! So have fun." 

She turned to leave when Ben yelled out "wait! No get it out, please get it out of me!"

"Remember, every 20 minutes or so!"

"Or what? What happens if i don't?"

"I i wouldn't do that if i were you! They don't like being left waiting. If you don't relieve yourself it will make you hornier and hornier until even the slightest touch could make you blow your load. Its fun sometimes but it can be painful, if i were you id just give it what it wants, so like i said have fun!"

Ben couldn't believe what he was hearing as he looked down at his possessed cock which was still fully erect. "You cant leave me like this." He said as he looked back up only to see that she was gone. He started to panic as he didn't know what to do. He had to get this thing out of his cock but he didn't know how. Before he could even start to think of a plan he felt the urge building up in him again and knew it wouldn't belong before he would have to relieve himself.