 Red who was still learning and enjoying her new abilities in Lilith's body decided to speed up her plan by injecting her succubus creating juices in to the buildings water tank. The red liquid would mix itself in and flow to every apartment interacting with any man or woman who comes in to contact with it. Because it was diluted by the water the process might take a little longer but the woman would begin to transform. The only thing it does to men is make them horny which just helps to woman change even quicker.

-----------

Sasha had just gotten home from work. It had been a long day so she poured herself a glass of wine while she waited for her husband William to get home. While she waited she decided to take a shower to loosen up her shoulders which were feeling extremely tense.

She stripped her clothes off and jumped in to the warm water as it sprayed down against her naked body. She enjoyed the sensation as it washed away the stress of the day not notice the slight discoloration of the water as it seeped in to her body. The Juices flowed through her and already started to change her.

William was walking through the door also having a long day. He put his coat on the table and called for his wife before he heard the shower running and realized she probably didn't hear him. He sat down at the table and went through his mail letting her finish.

Sasha finished her shower and stepped out wrapping a towel around herself. She wiped off the mirror and looked herself over as she was suddenly starting to feel very strange. She felt very attractive all of a sudden examining herself in the mirror. She began to feel herself all over as this warm sensation rushed through her body. She began to feel very warm and damp between her legs as a lust swept over her. She thought of William in the other room and his cock sitting there between his legs. She wasn't sure what was coming over her, she wasn't usually like this but she was seriously thinking about her husbands cock and what a waste it was that it wasn't inside her right now.

She tried to shake these thoughts but soon her rationale was being over written and she walked out of the bathroom. She walked down the hall still wrapped in her towel as she entered the kitchen seeing him sitting at the table reading the mail.

"Hey honey, any idea what you want for dinner?" He said not looking up from what he was reading.

She said nothing as she was biting her bottom lip still thinking about his cock. Something even stranger was happening as she could start to sense it as well. She could suddenly see his penis through his clothes but she could also see the veins inside it like she had these extra senses all of a sudden. She dropped her towel to the floor still a little damp from the shower standing there for a second completely naked.

William glanced up for a second and stopped as he was shocked by what he saw. He looked her over and something seemed different about her but he wasn't sure what. His pants started to get a little tight as his cock began to react.

"Honey? Wow you look... what are you doing?"

She walked around the table turning his chair towards her with strength that seemed a little out of place. Before he could say anything else she was on her knees pulling his pants open to get a hold of his stiffening member. She took it in her hand and wrapped her moth around it before it was fully erect. William jumped at the sensation as his wife began to suck him off.

William wasn't sure what had come over her as she wasn't usually in to oral sex but he wasn't complaining as she worked him with her tongue and tightening her lips as she slid up and down. Her hand cradled his balls rubbing them gently making it hard for him not to buck his hips.

She let go and looked up at him. With an animalistic look in her eyes as she crawled up towards him locking lips and straddling him while he was still in the chair. His cock slid inside her with ease making him moan out at the sensation. He wrapped his arms around her waist as she forced her breast's in to his face which even grown a little to which he hadn't noticed as he began to suck on her nipples.

Her body had already began changing as new muscles had grown within her pussy making it easier to hold on to his cock as she milked him. Her finger nails began to grow a little as she dug them in to his back ripping his shirt and drawing blood. He felt the pain but it was nothing compared to everything else he was experiencing.

She bounced up and down on his lap working his cock which was ready to erupt at any moment. He was trying to hold on as long as he could but it was no use as he yelled out and his cock exploded inside her shooting more cum than he felt was possible. His cock twitch for almost a solid minute as his orgasm seemed almost non stop and she continued to move her hips sucking up every last drop.

"Holy shit! That was amazing Sasha!" He said trying to catch his breath but she seemed to ignore him as her hips were still moving. Her eyes were closed as she still seemed to be enjoying the sensation of his cock which was still inside her. "Honey i think you can stop now?" He said trying to get her attention. What was strange was his cock was still hard and her movements were starting to feel good again as her pussy squeezed around his member like it was sucking on it.

All of this seemed a little strange but it wasn't until he looked up and saw her tongue which seemed longer and pointed. He rubbed eyes before he looked again but he then noticed her teeth seemed weird as it almost looked like she had 2 fangs in there. He was sure his eyes were playing tricks on him until she opened hers and they were suddenly bright red.

"Sasha? Are you ok? Whats going on?" He said trying to get up but he could not. The chair suddenly broke under him as he fell to the floor with her still on top of him. She continued to work his cock which seemed ready to cum again at any moment. 

"Fuck me!" she said in an almost demonic voice as she continued to ride his cock.

He struggled to try to get her off him but it was no use as she had become so much stronger all of a sudden. She grabbed him by the wrists pinning them to the floor as his cock began to bulge and he orgasmed again squirting even more which shocked him considering how much he had shot out the last time. Something was strange this time though as his cock didn't seem to stop. Every couple of seconds he would cum and it wasn't letting up. He could feel his body being drained of fluids as he orgasmed continuously. His vision was becoming blurry but he could swear he could see his wife suddenly sprout large wings before everything went black.