 Jack was finally out of work and heading to Sara's house. The plan was to hang out and rent a movie tonight and just keep it low key. Since Jack started his new job he's been working late hours trying to put money aside for school in the fall. He felt lucky to have Sara and since they started dating he has been very motivated to work and go to college because he doesn't want to let her down even though she seems to like him anyway.

It was a dream scenario for him, when he was younger he had always had a huge crush on her but of course never expected anything to ever happen between them. She was a few years older than him and was graduating college while he was still in high school and even though the way they started dating was very unusual he was still so happy to have her. They hid the fact they were dating from his parents for a while until they could find the right moment to tell them, but when they did they were shocked at how supportive they were. They knew how intelligent Sara was and were glad it motivated Jack to push himself to get educated and work as they had always like her anyway. The story they got was that they went to a movie one night while they were away and one thing just lead to another and they started dating because the truth would have been too weird and too embarrassing to tell.

Jack arrived at her door and knocked waiting for her to answer. A few moments went by until the door finally opened and Jack was blown away by what he saw standing in front of him was breathtaking. She stood there with a smile on her face wearing a pink nighty that was almost see through and left little to the imagination is it wasn't.

"Wow, Sara you look... Wow!"

"That was the plan." She said grabbing him by the shirt and pulling him into the apartment shutting the door behind him.

She pushed him up against the door rubbing up against him pressing her lips against his. Jack could feel himself getting hard and who could blame him. Something seemed different about her tonight but he wasn't sure what. She always looked amazing and they always had great sex but something just seemed hot about all of this tonight almost like the moment she touched him he couldn't have said no if he wanted too.

"So um... still want to rent a movie?"

"What do you think?" She said turning around and rubbing her ass against the bulge in his pants.

"Oh shit... you keep this up and I may finish before we even start."

"Don't worry, you're definitely going to cum more than once tonight."

"If you say so."

"Come with me." She said taking his hand and leading him to the bedroom.

When he walked she pushed him down on the bed with a bit of force as he landed on the edge of her mattress. She took the two thin straps on her shoulders and slid them off before letting her nighty fall to the floor around her feet. She look absolutely amazing tonight as he almost blew a load in his pants. He wasn't sure why or what had happened but she looked so much hotter than usual and he wasn't sure why. 

She got down on her knees in front of him before she began pawing at his pants working to get them open unbuckling his belt and unzipping his pants. She could see the bulge in his underwear before she grabbed the waistband and slid them down seeing his enlarged cock bobbing there already dribbling precum due to all the attention she was giving him.

"Looks like you're ready to pop there."

"I'm trying so hard not to." He said taking deep breaths trying to distract himself.

"Like I said, when i'm done with you you'll be lucky if you have anything left."

"Are you feeling okay, I'm not complaining just you seem... different tonight."

"I just feel really good tonight, and please don't hold back, if you want to cum then cum. Trust me we have all night."

"All night?" He asked a little confused by what she was saying.

Suddenly he saw his cock sinking between her two amazing breasts as she took her hands and squeezed them together. She slid them up and down on his shaft and it felt so good it was hard for Jack to hold on. As the tip of his cock got closer to her face she stuck her tongue out licking his tip which wasn't helping his situation.

"Oh fuck! I can't hold it!"

"I told you not to, let it cum."

Jack didn't have much choice when his cock suddenly erupted shooting cum into the air and all over her chest as she continued to squeeze his cock between them. He fell back on the bed enjoying the after effects of his orgasm but he felt a little bad that he went as quick as he did.

"I'm sorry." He said.

"Don't be, we are far from finished." She said before she stuck her tongue out and began to rub it up along his shaft.

The strange thing was that it still felt amazing. He had cum literally seconds ago and he was still ready to go again like he just got there. He was a little confused and surprised by this as usually he was one and done but he was still hard and ready to go.

"Wow Babe, you got the magic touch tonight."

"Ha, you ain't seen nothing yet." She said before she wrapped her lips around his member taking it deeper than he thought possible and slowly pulling her head back up while her lips traced along his shaft.

Jack shot up to a sitting position again as the feeling was so good he couldn't sit still. He looked down at her as she unmercifully sucked him off and noticed that the cum he had shot all of her breasts earlier appeared to be gone. It was strange because he was sure he didn't see her wipe herself off but her breasts were clean as could be. He didn't think about it long as he didn't really care as she continued.

Her hand slid under his balls cradling them and gently massaging them as she continued to suck him. Her lips were locked on his member and it almost felt like his cock was in a vacuum. He wasn't sure what he had done to deserve this but he was going to make sure he did it again. It wasn't long before he could feel a second orgasm brewing and ready to go. She sucked on him for a while until his cock erupted again without warning. His balls emptied into her mouth and he felt bad again forgetting to give her warning but she just locked her lips and sucked up every last drop as it shot out of him.

Jack fell back on the bed again feeling so good after his second orgasm. "That was awesome!" He said trying to catch his breath.

"Oh we aren't done yet." She said with a smile as she climbed up on top of him.

She was on all fours hovering above him leaning her head down to kiss him as her pussy hovered above his cock which was still hard which was surprising to him as he wasn't sure how much he had left. Before he could voice any concern show lowered herself onto him taking his cock inside her. Jack let out a moan as her pussy seemed to clamp around his cock, not too hard just enough that it felt amazing.

"Holy shit, I don't know how I'm still going right now."

"I'll keep you going as long as you want." She said moving her hips.

The motions felt incredible, almost too good as his whole body tensed up and he grabbed her waist.

"How's this possible? This feels so... fucking good."

"That's what I wanted Jack."

"How the hell are you doing this?"

"Does it really matter?"

"No... oh fuck... it's just... this doesn't seem right."

"Why not? You aren't enjoying yourself with me?"

"Of course I am... shit... I look forward to seeing you every day... and this it... fuck... so good."

"So what's wrong?" She said speeding up her rhythm.

"FUCK!... I don't know... just with all... the... oh god... weird slime stuff... happening... HOLY FUCK!" He yelled out as he orgasmed again shooting what felt like gallons of cum into her.

"That's a good boy."

"Wait... what about a condom?" He asked still trying to catch his breath.

"Oh you won't be needing a condom tonight."

"Yeah but... what about..." he stopped for a moment looking into her lust filled eyes staring down at him with a sexy smile on her face.

He suddenly noticed her eyes didn't look right. They weren't the normal color they had always been but instead a bright pinkish color. Her hips began moving again as his cock remained stiff inside her. He knew something was wrong but there was nothing he could do about it. Something had happened to Sara he was sure of it but he wasn't sure what and he also wasn't sure how much danger he was in if any.

"Something wrong Babe?" She said as her pussy sucked his willing member for more cum.

"What happened to you Sara?"

"He knows something is wrong, we need to finish him now!" Red said inside Sara's head.

"What do you mean finish?" She asked

"He can't stop us, let's suck every last drop out of him and leave him here while we go after Brian."

"I told you I don't want Brian, I want Jack and I will not hurt him."

"Uh... Sara, who are you talking to?" Jack asked confused by what he was hearing.

She ignored him for the time being and grabbed him shoving his face in to her massive tits as she continued to milk his cock. She seemed hell bent on draining him of bodily fluids and Jack couldn't help but enjoy himself despite how strange she was acting. She looked and felt so good as he pulled off his shirt and wrapped his hands around her waist before he began to suck on her breasts making her moan out her pleasure.

"Fine I won't hurt him but still you give me no choice." Red said as Sara's head began to spasm as she tilted it back for a moment.

She was still riding Jacks cock but when she looked back down at him her eyes had become a solid pink color. She gave him a devilish grin as her hips began to move even faster.

"Sorry Jack, but I can't have you messing up my plan!" Sara said in a voice that seemed different than hers.

Jack wasn't sure what was happening but he felt something begin to pour down the sides of his waist. He looked down and saw pink slime start pouring out of her pussy around his cock covering his waist as she continued her motions. Jack was freaking out a little as the slime seemed to gush out in gallons but his cock still felt amazing and during the rush he orgasmed again squirting up inside her. After that she slowly slid herself off of him. His cock was sticking in the air covered in layers of the pink goo. He was pinned down as the slime seemed to be holding him to the bed but then he watched is it started to spread up his stomach and down his legs like it was forming a cocoon around him and he was unable to move.

"What the... what are you doing?" He asked as the slime approached his face.

"Don't worry, this will keep you in a suspended dream state for now while your cum over and over again."

"But I... wait don't..." the slime covered his face and he was in a giant pink shell while the slime continued to massage his cock making him orgasm over again and again while feeding erotic images and dreams.

"There, he will be safe in there for now while we go after Brian and Doll." Red said now in control of Sara's body. "In fact I think they will come to us."

"No, you can't do this, not to Jack and not to Brian."

"Hush my dear, this is going to happen, we will have him all to ourselves and then Jack will be our pet as well."