 "Only one I can't get a hold of is Sara, but it's late so she's probably with what's his name, her boyfriend."

"We should go there."

"I'm sure she's fine Doll, why would she go after Sara."

"Just trust me, we need to get to Sara's."

"Why, It doesn't make any sense?"

"Actually it does."

"Why would she go after Sara?"

"Sara is the one who started it all, that's why I went after her when I first formed."

"So what, is she going to turn her into some sexual predator again?"

"Maybe, or something much worse."

"What aren't you telling me? What do you know?"

"Everything she knows."

"So you know what she is going to do?"

"No but I can make a good guess."

"And that guess would be?"

"We just need to get to Sara's, but I want you to be careful."

"Careful? You know I always am."

"I'm serious, it could get dangerous for you."

"It could get dangerous for you too."

"You don't understand."

Brian hit the brakes and pulled the car over to the side of the road before he said "what aren't you telling me?"

"It's just, she's me."

"More like your evil twin."

"Not evil she's just everything I've tried to suppress since I became human, she still feels the way I feel and..."

"And what?"

"She wants you."

"Me? Why because you do?"

"There's a reason I fell in love with you, and a reason she wants you as well."

"Other than my charm and good looks?"

"It's because there's a part of Sara in us both."

"Sara? But her and I, we were never a thing."

"No but deep down she had feelings for you, and that's why I ended up falling for you because I got my personality from her."

"Really? But then how, I've never been interested in Sara?"

"I don't know, we are two different people now but she was the base for what I became."

"Doll I love you, we need to save Sara if Red has done something to her but I don't want you to think you will ever lose me to her."

"Don't worry about me, I'm more worried about you."

"But I just told you..."

"Brian, If Red has bonded with Sara you will be their main focus, and Red doesn't have the restraint that I do."

"Well, this is going to be interesting." He said as he put the cat back on the road and continued on.

They drove until arriving at Sara's building parking out front. Everything seemed very quiet and it was almost unnerving as they walked up the front steps and inside. Nobody was around and the hallways were silent as they headed for the elevator up to Sara's floor. Brian thought about what Doll had said about Sara and about how she liked him. He thought back to every time they worked together and couldn't figure out what she was talking about. Maybe he just didn't notice it but he never had any clue that Sara was attracted to him at all. The door opened and they stepped out heading to her apartment.

The got to the door and knocked but when they did it popped open a little like it wasn't latched. Brian walked in with Doll behind him as they looked around the room. It was quiet and there was nobody around which just made him a little more nervous. He had a slime neutralizing grenade with him ready to use it on Red but they didn't see them anywhere. He looked back at Doll who just had a nervous look on her face. He glanced over at the bedroom door which was open and there was a light shining from it. He slowly headed for the room still not hearing anything. He pushed the door open and looked around but nobody was in there. There was some pink slime stained on the bed sheet which suggested that she was there but that was all.

"Well whatever happened they must have..." he started to say as he turned around to see Sara holding Doll from behind with her hand on her throat and the other covering her mouth with bright pink eyes.

"I knew you get here eventually!"

"Sara let her go, you don't want to do this."

"Oh you know exactly what I want!" She said hitting Doll in the head with her elbow and knocking her out before pushing Brian into the bedroom and shutting the door behind her.

Brian went for the door but when she touched it a layer of slime covered it hardening to keep Doll out so she could have her way with him. Brian reached for the grenade in his pocket but she was quick and knocked it out of his hand before pushing him down on to the bed and climbing on top of him.

"Sara, you can fight this, we can't do this!"

"Oh yes we can, you're all we've wanted from the start."

"But what about... um... Jack? That's his name right?"

"Jack?" She said stopping for a moment. 

"Yes Jack, he's your boyfriend isn't he?"

"Jack is occupied at the moment, I want you." She said pulling his pants off.

Brian tried to fight back but she grabbed him by the shirt and pushed him up the the head of the bed. She grabbed his wrists and spat out a few lumps of slime that hardened around his wrists keeping him hostage while she had her way with him.

"What's the matter? You don't think I'm hot?"

"Sara you are beautiful but you aren't what I want."

"Sara has very little say in the matter at the moment I'm afraid."

"Red is it?"

"In the flesh... well hers anyway."

"Please don't do this Red, if you are truly like Doll than you know you can't do this."

"You don't get it do you, I am like Doll and I want to fuck you all night long, I want to make you feel orgasms that you never thought possible, and I want to give them to you by force if necessary."

"Gulp" He swallowed as he couldn't help but feel a little turned on by what she was saying. "Then why did you separate from Doll? You had me with her, and you could have still had me."

"Because she abandoned me when she became human."

"That wasn't her choice, it was done to her."

"Yes but then she began to hold back her desires, we had much more fun when we were just slime."

"We can still have fun, but leave Sara out of this, I don't want her, I want you and Doll."

"Sorry Stud, but she's along for the ride and I'm not letting her go that easily, now enough talking." She said as she stuck her hand down into his pants rubbing his member.

He tried to fight the feeling but he couldn't help how good it felt as she caressed his member through his underwear making him hard but taking her time. He struggled to free his arms but the slime had him stuck. He also began to wonder if Doll was alright as he never had a chance to even check on her when Red knocked her out. He felt bad that her touch felt so good, he didn't want to do this and wished there was a way to stop it.

He felt like he was taking advantage of Sara even though she was taking advantage of him in a way. As he looked at her he had to admit she did look incredible. He thought about that time at his place when she was dying Dolls hair and some slime showed up turning it into a miniature orgy. He hadn't really spoken to Sara since then and he began to wonder if it had meant more to her than she lead on but even if they got through this he knew in his heart he didn't want her, he wanted Doll.

Red slid his underwear off getting a good look at his cock as it stood there fully erect. She traced her finger along his shaft as Brian moaned at her touch. He knew it must have been Red's doing as her skin just felt incredible against his. He tried to fight the feeling but it was no use, she knew what she was doing.

"Do you remember the first time we did this?"

"That day in the empty apartment?"

"Yes, truth be told I was just trying to get you out of the way but it was fun wasn't it?"

"It was, even though I had to climb down a fire escape naked."

"Yeah, has the sex with Doll been as good since then, since she became human?"

"Of course it has!"

"Oh come on, I know you better than that! It turns you on doesn't it, knowing a supernatural being wants to make sweet passionate love to you, and even though you love Doll and I know you do, you still miss it don't you?"

"Miss what?"

"Knowing she may kill you if she loses control, like the night at the firehouse, you were so horny then and you didn't care about the experiment, you just wanted to fuck us!" He really didn't know how to respond to that as he thought back to that night. Even after everything that had happened he was already starting to fall for her even though he knew he shouldn't. "Do you want to know how jealous Sara was as she watched the monitors in the other room?"

"Stop it, Sara doesn't deserve any of this."

"Sara deserves everything, it's because of her that Doll and I even exist, you wouldn't have us if not for her."

He tried to get free one more time as she smiled at him and started to lower her mouth closer to his cock. He tensed up as he waited for her touch both excited and worried. She ran her nose and cheek up the side of his shaft and it gave him chills. Even the slightest touch made his whole body jerk with anticipation.

"This is going to be the best night of your life."

The door suddenly burst open breaking apart and Doll came walking in. "Doll! Are you alright." He asked still struggling.

"How can you have a party like this and not invite me." She said looking at Red which just left Brian confused.

Doll walked over to the bed removing her clothes before climbing on to the mattress. Red had a confused look on her face as Doll came closer to her. Doll seemed to have a lustful look in her eyes as she stared into Red's before glancing down at Brian's cock which was still bobbing there next to her.

"Red honey." She said placing her hand on Sara's head sliding her hair back. "I never said we couldn't share him." As she leaned forward and kissed her on the lips.

Brian was very confused as to what was happening but he was also very aroused by what he was seeing. They continued to kiss as Red kept her hand on his member still stroking it.

"But you keep holding back, I needed release." Red said.

"I know, and you will learn to control that but what we have with him is so much better than countless orgasms of everyone around us."

"But will it be enough."

"We will make it enough, but you have to come home, we have to be one again."

"I don't... I don't know if I can."

"Just think of the fun we will have, you love him as much as I do, and what you're doing to Sara you know it's not right, she had finally moved on and you are hurting her by making her feel things she had finally got over."

"I... I never thought of it like that."

"Trust me, loving him and the feeling of him loving us is better than any of this, you know that."

"I, I just want release, I want to fuck him like we did before Lilith got involved." Red said as she started to get emotional.

"Than we are going to have to just rock his world aren't we, together you and I can fuck him like crazy!"

"Um... can I say something?" Brian said but appeared to be ignored by the two ladies talking about what they wanted to do to him.

"I'm sorry Doll."

"I know you are, no come home."

Brian was very confused as to what was happening. Red was still stroking his member even though the two of them appeared to be hugging each other after their emotional chat. Doll placed her lips against Red's again for a moment before he noticed something strange begin to happen. Sara's body began to convulse as slime began to pour out of her from all over but what bothered him was as it left Sara's body it began to flow into Doll's. He wasn't sure what was happening and was worried that Red was trying to take over Doll's body as he struggled to get free but it was no use. Sara collapsed to the bed unconscious as the slime was all inside Doll now. She sat there for a moment with her eyes closed biting her bottom lip like she had enjoyed the feeling but he still wasn't sure what had just happened.

"Doll?" He asked trying to get her attention.

She suddenly shot him a look as her eye's had a sort of pinkish glow to them. He was worried now that he had lost her and red had taken over her body. "I need you!" She said as she crawled over to him straddling his cock and rubbing her hands up his chest.

Brian couldn't stop her even if he wanted to and the moment his cock slid inside her he wasn't sure he wanted to anyway. She definitely wasn't acting like herself as she just seemed to want to fuck him ripping his shirt open to feel his skin in her hands. She bounced up and down on his cock and it felt so good but Red had done a good job of getting him in the mood before hand. She wrapped her hands around his head and shoved his face into her breasts to which he started to suck on her nipples making her moan as he did. He wanted to touch her so badly but his hands were still suspended by hardened slime against the headboard. Realizing this Doll broke the slime releasing him before he wrapped his hands around her pulling her close against him as he continued to taste her skin and trace his tongue along her chest.

Doll let out a whine of approval as she wrapped her arms tightly around his head almost suffocating him against her breasts. He grabbed her ass pulling her up a little to get better leverage to shove his cock deeper inside her. He wasn't sure if this was Doll, Red or a mix of both, but he knew what she wanted and what she needed and he was going to give it to her. He held her tight before he flipped her over placing her underneath him. She wrapped her legs around his waist and arched her back as he thrust himself inside her bending down and kissing her stomach while his hands played with her nipples. Sara was still unconscious lying on the bed next to them but neither one of them were concerned for her at the moment. Brian grabbed doll and pulled her up into his arms planting a kiss on her lips. 

The sex felt dirty like there was nothing holding them back. Doll dig her fingernails into his back, Brian bit her lip sucking on them both like they hadn't had sex in months. He began kissing the side of her neck sucking on her skin until there was a bruise which only made her moan even louder. Neither one of them knew how much time had passed as they were still wrapped together in a passionate embrace. He was sure he had already cum a few times but it was like he could go all night if he wanted and she seemed to want him too. At one point they rolled over falling off the bed and onto the floor but never left each other's embrace. They continued to fuck intensively on the cold wooden floor but they didn't care. He picked her up in his arms while her legs were still wrapped around him and placed her on top of Sara's dresser knocking a few things off of it as Doll held on to the mirror behind her and Brian's cock continued to pile drive into her pussy.

At one moment he looked in to her eye's placing his hand on her cheek. they kissed tasting each other and nibbling on eachothers lips and he could see her. He saw he eye's clearer than ever before and he knew it was her, it was Doll the woman he loved staring back at him. He felt relief come over himself as he began to pleasure her even harder. He pulled himself out of her and turn her over while she placed her hands on the dresser and let him slide his cock in to her from behind as she shouted out her ecstasy. his hands reached around her grabbing her breasts squeezing them in his hands as she whined and wiggled at his touch.

Hours went by and the sun began to peek through the window hitting Brian in the face as the were back lying on the bed. They were both covered with sweat and other fluids while trying desperately to catch their breath while she laid against him with his arm around her holding her close. Nothing seemed to matter but the two of them together here and now.

"I love you!" Doll said in a breathy voice.

"I love you too." He responded before turning towards her and looking into her eye's. "It's you right, you're still my Doll?"

"Red and I were the same person, but I'm still the woman you love."

"So... you're different now?"

"No, it's me, I will always be me, but..."

"But what?"

"Absorbing Red back into myself may have some side effects for a while."

"Okay, like what?"

"She was everything I was suppressing sexually so... we may need to have more sex."

"Oh, jeesh I don't know, that might be a deal breaker." 

"Ok both Red and I know when you're being an asshole!"

"Haha, I love you so much."

"And that's why Red wanted you, she needed to feel love because meaningly orgasms just weren't enough for her, but sex with someone you love is so much better."

"Especially the way we did it last night."

"Shit! Is Sara okay?" Doll said suddenly realising they never checked on her.

They looked over and found her asleep on the floor on the other side of the bed. Doll got down and tried to wake her. After a few moments Sara opened her eye's and tried to focus a little. She saw Doll with her normal blonde hair again even though her roots were beginning to show.

"Doll? Brian? Why are you naked in my room?"

"That's a long story." Doll said.

"Yeah, Doll your sister is a bitch."

"Yeah, she's gone now."

"Oh, are you sure about that?"

"Yes, very sure, it's just me now."

"Oh god! Jack, he's in the bathtub." She said jumping to her feet and running out of the room with Doll in tow.

The slime cocoon had dripped off of him and he was still unconscious but seemed alright. He was breathing and his cock was still stiff sticking in the air twitching a little.

"Jesus christ Doll, I can't do this anymore, I can't do this to him anymore."

"What do you mean?"

"I've raped him a few times now and this slime keeps finding me, I can't take anymore."

"Sara it's okay, it's all over now."

Brian came walking into the bathroom with his jeans back on to check on everyone.

"Brian I quit, I'm done with the Ghostbusters."

"Okay, that's fine, but I think we need to talk?"

"Oh she told you?... look Brian I..."

"Was it true?" He asked.

"It was, I had a huge crush on you for a while."

"Why didn't you say anything?"

"Because, we worked together and besides you have Doll ow and I'm with Jack."

"Good, because I think you know my feelings on the matter."

"I know, and you and Doll are amazing together and I would never have tried anything like that if..."

"It's fine Sara, so Jack here?"

"Yeah, it's funny I kinda got over you the moment him and I got together."

"Sometimes that's all it takes."

"Yeah, but I don't know how much more he can take? I don't want to lose him because of another crazy slime attack." Sara said looking down at her unconscious slime covered boyfriend in the tub.

"I may have a way to help." Doll said with a smile.

-------

Jack awoke with the sun hitting his face lying in Sara's bed. He looked to his left and saw her laying there with a smile on her face looking at him. They were both naked and under the covers but he was a bit confused as to what had happened.

"What was I too much for you last night, it's almost noon." Sara said jokingly.

"Sorry um, what happened last night?"

"I surprised you with that sexy outfit I bought remember, you were an animal last night."

"Great, but I had this weird dream that you were possessed or something."

"Really, was it a good dream?"

"Yeah it kinda was in a way, it was hot anyway."

"Well maybe I can make dreams come true." She said sliding closer to him and kissing him.

Jack was getting hard as she slid her whole body against his and started rubbing her hands all over him. He placed his hand on her cheek and stared at her for a moment while she looked at him a little confused.

"Something wrong? I was about to get my swerve on if you know what I mean." she said.

"I know but..."

"But what?"

"I love you Sara."

She was taken back a little by what he had just said to her and he could see the stunned look in her eyes as she pulled away a little.

"What?"

"I... I love you."
