 Weeks had gone by since Doll had seen Lilith or anything supernatural. She finally began to feel like she was getting the hang of being human. She and Brian were very happy together as he had shown her some of the greatest movies and music he could getting her caught up on great things. Their sex life was always fun, especially with a few tricks she's tried with the powers she has.

Doll had decided to get a job. The idea came when she had decided that she wanted to help people. Even though Lilith had told her the redemption was over she still wanted to try to keep going, the problem is the only thing she was good at was sex, so she decided to get a job at the sex shop she had visited before. The young man who had worked there before had quit after his encounter with her fearing more of the toys may come to life, so she went down and filled the position. 

Some of the people she had given samples to had stopped in and didn't seem to recognize her at all which she was relieved to discover as her new look was enough. She did use her power to read peoples sexual desires and fantasies which helped her give the customers what they need the most, and after spending the day reading peoples sexual thoughts it always kept her and Brian in the mood.

As she was in the shop on a slow day she started wondering the store looking at the different items and thought about what she could do to them to improve people's sex live. Some idea she had were subtle and some were a little extreme but she waited for what she thought the customer needed.

She heard the door open and saw an attractive woman probably in her mid to late 30s came walking in, she was wearing a business looking button and skirt almost like she was on her way home from work, Doll headed over to see what she could do to help her.

"Hi, I'm Doll, is there anything particular you're looking for today?"

"Oh hi, um... I'm not sure. I'm looking for something to spice things up a little."

"Really, what did you have in mine?"

Doll took a moment to read her and what she was getting felt like desperation.

"So you're looking for something to... get someone's attentions maybe?"

The woman looked at her with a half almost embarrassed looking smile when she said "well I'm trying to find something to make my husband notice me again."

"Notice you? You're a stone cold fox! Did he go blind or something?"

"Haha, thank you. But no its just we've been married for a long time and, I dunno the passion just seemed to fade with time, I'm just trying to find a way to ignite it."

Doll thought for a moment before she went and grabbed a pair of sexy red lingerie she had in the back. She began to whisper something under her breath, and as she did the bra and panties began to glow slightly until she stopped, then she brought it over to her.

"Here, these will get even a blind man's attention." She said showing her the set.

"Wow, that's very... is it a bit much?"

"Trust me, if he comes home and finds you wearing this and doesn't want you then you need a new husband."

The woman smiled again and took them from her looking them over a little before she shook her head and brought them to the counter so Doll could ring her up.

"Thank you for your help, Im Samantha by the way, wish me luck!"

"You don't need luck Samantha, trust me he'll be all over you."

She smiled and left with her purchase as Doll smiled to herself almost wishing she could be there to watch it happen.

-----------

Later that evening Doll came home from work as Brian had prepared dinner. She walked in with a small bag in her hand as he walked over and gave her a kiss. She sat down at the table as they were about to eat when Brian asked. "So what's in the bag? Bringing work home with you?"

Doll smiled "just a little experiment I want to try, after dinner you can help me." She said with a sneaky smile on her face.

As they sat at the table Brian suddenly felt Dolls foot on his legs sliding up slowly headed for his crotch before she began stroking the mound in his pants with her toes.

"Oh... you know we could just reheat this later?"

Doll smiled and stood up taking her bag with her to the bedroom. Brian put dinner in the fridge and chased after her. When he got to the bedroom he saw a few things spread out in the bed. There was a pair of his and her underwear, then there was a dildo and a pocket pussy, followed by an inflatable sex doll. 

Brian had a confused look on his face when he asked "ok? What's all this?"

Doll smiled and skipped over and said "these are your options, the underwear set, the 2 sex toys or the inflatable."

"Ok? What does what?"

"That's the fun part, you have to find out!"

Brian was still a little confused but he looked over his options and said "ok well the underwear is first so let's try those I guess?'

Doll nodded and took the other items putting them back in the bag. When she picked up the dido he thought he felt something touch his cock. "What the hell?" He said when it happened.

Doll juts smiled and said "you'll find out tomorrow, now put these own." 

Brian stripped down and put on the pair of briefs as she did the same. "Hey wait, why do I get basic briefs and you get the sexy underwear?"

"Because the men's undies at the shop you probably wouldn't wear."

"...good point, now what are we doing with these?"

"Just wait, now get comfortable."

Brian laid down on the bed and waited as he watched Doll walk over and put a cd in to the cd player and pressed play before she walked over to the bed and straddled him. "You know we could just do this the old fashion way?"

"Where the fun in that? Don't worry you will enjoy this."

Suddenly the music began to play as Doll was on top of him with her crotch on top of his. A few moments went by as he suddenly started to feel something very strange. His underwear was starting to almost vibrate a little, not all over just in areas where it would feel good, and they were vibrating to the beat of the music.

"What the hell!" He said as he saw Doll had closed her eyes and tilted her head back as if her panties were doing the same thing. He could feel the fabric start to tighten around his cock and wiggle him around making the sensation even more pleasurable. He could feel Doll beginning to get wet, soaking through both of their shorts as she couldn't help but move her hips rubbing against him while the music pleasured both of them. The fabric was wiggling itself in to her slit as it vibrated making her moan and whimper as the song brought both of them closer and closer to climax.

As the song came to a climax so did the both of them as Brian squirted his juice soaking his underwear and Doll crying out in ecstasy as she had her own as well.

She was still on top of him panting as Brian looked up and said "well... that was interesting?"

"Yeah... I was trying something new and wanted to see... how it would work."

As the next song started they both took off their underwear ad they weren't ready for another song yet. As they through the underwear on the floor they laid together on the bed when they both started to notice something strange. Brian looked down and saw his dick was still wiggling and vibrating to the music. 

"Um honey?"

Doll started to moan as the same thing seemed to be happening inside her pussy as well. "Oh shit, It must...oh god...transferred..." Doll was having trouble speaking as her pussy was moving and vibrating on its own to the beat of the music. It wasn't planned this was but both of them started to enjoy the sensation as Brian rolled over and shoved his vibrating cock in to her making her almost cry out as the feeling was almost too much for both of them. 

Neither one of them moved or tried to grind on the other as the feeling happening in their genitals was enough to make the both ecstatic. His cock wiggled around in her while her pussy expanded and contracted around him with her clit spazming uncontrollably.

"It's ok... I. ...can...oh fuck!...fix this!"

Doll said as her possessed pussy started building to its next climax before the both finally came together as the song came to an end. Doll had her arms on Brians should resting herself on him before she jumped up and turned off the radio.

They both looked at eachother both covered in sweat and panting.

"Ok so that one needs a little work."

"Yeah just a little, you haven't sold those to anyone yet have you?"

"No, not those anyway."

Brian just looked over at her with a concerned look as to what she had sold so far.