 Earlier that day when Samantha got home she had about an hour before her husband Roy came home. She took the lingerie out of the bag and looked it over. She walked over to the mirror and placed it against her wondering how it would look. She almost felt silly thinking about doing it but she stripped down and tried them on before returning to the mirror. As she looked at herself she began to feel sexy again, this sudden feeling of confidence began to swell through her, she felt like the sexiest woman alive. As she looked at herself she also started to get very turned on, to the point she laid down on the bed and began to rub herself between her legs .a king a small wet spot in the panties. She stuck her hand underneath and began to finger herself which felt amazing. With her other hand she began to rub her breast's noticing her nipples had suddenly become very sensitive as well. As she pleasure herself she closed her eyes and didn't notice the lingerie had started to glow. 

Her breast had started to plump up a little stretching the fabric in the bra, her clit began to swell a little as well becoming more sensitive as it did. The few grey hairs on her head suddenly returned to her normal color and the skin on her face even tightened up a little making her look years younger. She was starting to not feel like herself anymore, she was suddenly overcome with an animalistic urge to fuck. Her eyes started to change a little becoming almost cat like. She stopped when she heard her husband's keys in the door.

As he opened the door placing the mail down on the table he said "Honey I'm home." He put his briefcase down and took off his coat before he noticed his wife had dent responded. "That's odd?" He said to himself as he looked around before walking to the bedroom where his heart almost skipped a beat when he saw Samantha laying on the bed in the sexy red lingerie. She was laying her side facing the door with an inviting smile on her face.

"Holy shit, honey you look incredible."

She stood up and walked over to him before wrapping her arms around him and giving him a slow seductive kiss. She grabbed him by the shirt and threw him down on the bed. This surprised him a little but he was more turned on than anything as she crawled on the bed on top of him like an animal stalking its prey. She grabbed his shirt and ripped it open as most of the buttons went flying off. She rubbed her hands up and down his chest digging her nails in to him, it wasn't painful but just enough to leave a trail of red skin before she began to kiss his chest slowly getting lower and lower until her lips her hovering above his pants.

Roy was in shock in how amazing his wife looked and how rough she was being, the

It was great. She unbuckled his pants and opened them before sliding his pants and underwear down revealing his cock. She teased it's head with her tongue a few times sliding up and down getting him more and more turned on with every pass before she grabbed it in her hand and pulled it in to her mouth giving him a few good sucks. 

After a few moments she let go of his cock and stood up in front of the bed. She slid down the panties and undid the clasp on the back of the bra letting it fall to the floor. Roy looked her over as she just looked incredible, better than he remembered. He suddenly thought to himself "How could I not notice how fucking sexy my wife is?" She climbed back on the bed and hovered her pussy above his cock teasing him a little. She almost sounded like she was purring as she hovered over him before she lowered herself down on him taking his whole cock in to her aching pussy. She felt so tight and warm around his member as she started to ride him grabbing his head and pulling him up towards her. He placed his arms around her waist and down on to her ass getting a firm grip as she milked his cock. Her breasts were bouncing in his face and he couldn't help but take one of her nipples in his mouth and start sucking on her perfect tits. Everything about her seemed different and sexy, her skin seemed more tanned and perfect, her breasts were perky and felt amazing in his hands, he suddenly felt like his wife was to most beautiful woman on the planet.

She she bounced up and down on his lap fucking him like she wanted to rip his should out of him through his cock, she wrapped her arms around his head pulling him in and shoving his face between her tits as she could feel herself about to cum. Roy was getting a similar feeling as he felt the pressure build in his cock before he exploded in to her making her scream out her lust as her pussy squeezed down around his dick milking every last drop out of him before they both collapsed down on the bed.

He looked over at his wife who was still making a slight purring noise. She grabbed his shoulder pulling him rolling him on top of her wrapping her legs around him as his cock slid back inside her. "Woah honey I think I'm done for the night?"

She seemed to ignore him as she used her pussy to start milking his cock again. Roy was confused at first but it soon turned in to lust as it started to feel good again. He started moving his hips jamming his cock in to her as she pulled him down and dug her fingernails in to his back drawing a little bit of blood.

"Ouch, fuck..."

Roy wasn't sure if he was enjoying this or not anymore as he used all the strength he had to pile drive and pleasure his wife. He kissed her neck making her moan and purr a little more when he noticed her eyes looked different. They had an almost yellow feline look to them.

"What the fuck? Sam are you ok?"

She still seemed to ignore his words as her pussy pulled on his cock to the point he was about to cum again. And after a few more lunges he exploded in to her again, this time it was a lot more powerful up and longer then the last one. His cock spazmed until he passed out on top of her.

Sam was holding on to her unconscious husband still making purring noises until she dozed off as well.

The next morning they both awoke as the sun came up. Roy was still sore from last night when he rolled over and looked at his wife who was still asleep. He placed his hand on her cheek trying to wake her up gently. She opened her eyes and he was relieved to see they had returned to normal. She smiled at him as she stretched and sat up looking around the room as if she wasn't sure what happened the night before.

"Honey? Are you ok?"

"I think so, we had sex last night right?"

"Yes we did, amazing sex, though it got a little weird? What came over you?"

"I'm not sure, I bought some sexy underwear and when I put them on I was suddenly filled with this urge to fuck? It was very strange."

"Well as fun as it was, maybe put the crazy lingerie away for a while."