 The next morning Doll headed off to work while Brian was still asleep. It was his day off so he usually slept pretty late. When he awoke he got out of bed with a hard on that needed to be dealt with. He walked towards the door when his foot hit the bag Doll had brought home yesterday. 

When the bag tipped he saw the rubber pussy come rolling out if it. He picked it up and examined it for a moment thinking this might be the solution to his boner issue. Taking a moment to think about it he turned on some music and waited to see if anything strange happened. He held it in his hand and didn't feel anything unusual and started to think maybe she hadn't done anything to it yet.

He stuck his finger inside to get a feel for it and it felt very warm and inviting. He continued to finger it just to see hoe soft and deep it went.

Down at the shop Doll was helping a young man trying to pick out a DVD.

"Well we have a very large selection that goes along this entire wall so feel free to OH SHIT!"

She yelled out as she felt a very nice feeling between her legs. She suddenly felt fingers feeling around inside her pussy, the feeling was amazing but she realized what was happening at home and thought to herself, "dammit, he found the bag!"

The young man she was helping had a very confused look on her face as he watched her.

"Is everything ok?"

"Yes fine, um... why don't you look through our sssss...selection, and see if anything loooooooks good. Excuse me please."

Doll walked over to the counter and looked for the phone. She stumbled a few times as the feeling got more intense. She felt a sigh of relief when the feeling stopped for a moment. She took the second to catch her breath and started dialing when she suddenly dropped the phone and cried out in pleasure as she felt a cock inside her like she was being fucked by an invisible man.

She tried very hard to hide the fact the she was being magically fucked against her will so not to attract the attention of the people in the store. She picked up the phone and dialed again. She waited as the phone just rang and rang on the other end before she realized his cell might be on silent. "Shit, Shit shit!" She said under her breath as the feeling became more and more intense as she was being fucked by her boyfriend from miles away.

"Excuse me miss?" A woman came over and said to her.

"YEAH! I mean... what can I doooo for you?"

"I was wondering if you could show me where the bandage section is?"

Doll struggled to keep herself standing straight and started to lead her to the back section of the store to show her what she was looking for. The woman following her looked at her oddly as it seemed she was having trouble walking. Doll even stumbled a few times catching herself on a shelf.

"Are you alright?" The woman asked.

"Huh?...oh yes I'm good... reaaalllyy good, just a um... ear infection, hard to keep balance."

As she got to the end of the aisle she show her where all the bandage stuff was before she said "Here you go, could you excuse.me for a moment!"

Doll walked in to the back room and kneeled down on the floor as she could feel Brians cock thrusting in and out of her. The feeling was amazing just poorly timed as she prayed for him to finish soon so she could get back to work.

Brian was laying in his bed thrusting his cock in and out of the little rubber toy which felt amazing as after a few more thrusts he finally came and relieved his morning wood.

Doll was on the floor as she finally had her own orgasm soaking through her panties and biting her lips trying not to scream out her lust for people to hear. Once he had finally stopped she took a moment to catch her breath before she stood up and grabbed a paper towel wiping herself off thanking god she had worn a skirt that day. 

After she had cleaned herself up she headed back to the counter.

Back at home Brian saw a missed call on his phone from the store and called it back. Doll answered on the other end and he asked "Hey babe, did you call?"

"Oh yes I did, I see you dug in to my bag without me?"

"Your bag? How did you?...oh."

"Yeah, that was great and all but I'd appreciated it if you didn't do that while I'm at work!"

"Oh shit! I'm so sorry, i didnt realize...just a little morning wood I was trying to relieve."

"Just put it back please!"

"I will, and I promise I'll make this up to you."

"Oh yes you will!" Click!

Brian looked at his phone for a second before he said to himself "Yeah I'm gonna pay for that!"