 That night when Doll came home from work Brian waited for her to exact some sort of sexy revenge but she seemed fine. She came in gave him a kiss, they ate dinner and she talked about her day. Everything seemed fine which worried him even more.

A little later Doll was getting ready for bed without any hint that she wanted him to come with her. Usually this is when she tries to get him to take his pants off but she didn't seem to be in the mood. She just went to sleep.

Brian stayed up a little while watching TV trying to figure out what if anything she was going to do. After an hour or so he went to bed. He crawled in to bed and put his arm around her waist pulling himself in to spoon her while he fell asleep. She grabbed his arm and help it tight moving around and wiggling her but in to him getting herself more comfortable. He fell asleep holding her.

Around 1 am Doll Brian had rolled over getting more comfortable letting her go. She awoke and looked over to make sure he was asleep before she got out of bed and walked around to his side. She lifted the blanket slowly trying not to wake him. It was hard to see in the dark but she reached in to the front whole of his boxer shorts and pulled out his limp dick. With it in her hand she leaned down and began to whisper a chant as his cock began to glow a little and become hard. Once it was fully erect she stopped the chant and gave it a little kiss on the head before she put the blanket back over him and returned to her side of the bed. She got under the blanket and fell back asleep with a huge smile on her face.

When morning came Brian awoke as Doll had already left for work. He looked at the clock and realized he was running late so he jumped out of bed getting dressed, he noticed he had a hard on but didn't give it much thought thinking it would stop as soon as he got moving before grabbing his keys and heading out. While he was driving he noticed he dick was still rock hard in his pants. Not only was it hard but he was really in to mood. He tried to not think about it and he pulled up to the fire house.

He walked in and saw Jen was already there along with Barry and Aida who seemed to want to show him something they had found outside the strip club. Brian told them he'd meet them in the lab in a few minutes as he went to the bathroom and locked the door. He opened up his pants and figured he could rub one out real quick and go about his day. He started massaging his cock in his hand trying to get off as quickly as possible so he could get to work. After about 5 minutes he started to think something was wrong. As good as it felt he could not make himself cum, and the more he tried to more in the mood he got.

"Shit! I knew it was too easy." He said to himself as he realized this must be Dolls doing. He put his cock back in his pants and headed upstairs. They all were gathered around the table with something on it he couldn't make out at first. He was trying to hide what was going on in his pants and concentrate on the job at hand.

Barry started when Brian arrived showing what they had found outside in the alley after they escaped the the club. Brian looked down and saw a beat up inflatable sex doll covered in dried up mood slime. Him and Jen shot eachother a look as if they both realized at the same time what this was.

Barry began to explain "from what we can tell the slime probably possessed this doll, which was probably the woman they had all claimed attacked them. It's just a theory because we've never seen the slime do this before but it's the only one we've got.

Brian trying to adjust himself without anyone noticing the bulge in his pants asked "did you see it more or anything? Has it done anything since you brought it here?"

"No. But the fact the slime had filled it seemed the only logical explanation. And we found it when the slime in the club finally seemed to weaken and let us leave. So I'm guess this thing probably died when that happened."

Brian and Jen shook their heads in agreement as they all went their separate ways. Jen walked with Brian a moment.

"Hey."

"Hey Jen."

So... how are things with Doll?"

"Do you really want to know or?"

"No I do, I'm sorry I've been kind of distant lately. Just it's hard for me to even try to forgive her."

"I understand. You have every right to be angry... but yeah it's been amazing. I mean i think I might have made her mad yesterday but no big deal I'm sure we'll work it out." He said still trying to adjust his pants.

"I'm glad, I mean I'm still angry with her. What she did to me was just awful but I've never seen you this happy before, so... she can't be all bad I guess."

"Thanks Jen, how's things with you and Mike, did you tell him what happened?"

"Kinda, he knows I wasn't in my right mind and for the most part he's forgiven me."

"That's good, I'm glad it worked out."

"Yeah, and whatever Doll did to me before, when she reversed it there were some side effects."

"Really? Like what? Maybe she can help?"

"No no, I mean, just some of the changes were permanent. Like the good stuff?"

"Good stuff?...oh I gotcha. Nice!"

"Yeah it's been great with Mike in the bedroom so yeah."

"I'm glad to hear it."

"Ok what wrong with you?"

"What do you mean?"

"You've adjusted you pants like 10 times? She give you some sort of sad or something?"

"No nothing like that. It's kinda hard to explain."

"Well on second thought don't explain. Just um... tell Doll I said hi."

"Will do."

Brian started doing paperwork as it was a quiet day but he could not focus on what he was doing as his cock was throbbing. He grabbed his phone and decided to call Doll at work. When she answered the phone she seems very perky.

"Thanks for calling exotic toys and more, this is Doll how can I help you?"

"Hey honey."

"Hey babe! How's your day going?"

"Well that's kinda why I'm calling, I'm kind of having a hard day if you know what I mean."

"Oh really? Hard you say." She said with a slight giggle in her voice.

"What did you do to me?"

"Do to you? Whatever do you mean?"

"Ok look I'm sorry about yesterday but I have a job to do you know, besides I had no idea what was happening to you."

"True but you still went through my bag and used one of my toys without permission."

"Ok I'm sorry! What do I have to do to make this right?"

"You're doing it right now, don't worry I'll fix it when I get home tonight! Have a nice day."

"Babe wait..."

She hung up on him half way through his sentence. He tried to work through the feeling but it becoming more and more difficult. He looked at the clock and moaned as time seemed to be moving at a snail's pace. He went to Barry and asked if he could leave early claiming he was throwing up in the bathroom this morning. It was a slow day so Barry let him leave.

Brian rushed home and began to dig through the closet trying to find Dolls bag again thinking he could use the rubber pussy to torture her a little until she agreed to remove the spell. He dug and dug but couldn't find the bag anywhere.

"Dammit, she's good!"

He tried to masturbate again it was no use, his dick would not give up a drop of cum or give him any relief. He turned on the TV trying to take his mind off of it. When he turned it on he saw the music video channel. The video was a bunch of sexy girls dancing around to a pop song. "Well this isn't helping." He said before he changed the channel. The next channel was a porn that you would only expect to see on late night. The next channel was a documentary about sex. "What the hell is going on?" Every channel he turned to had nothing but sexual themed things happening.

He turned off the tv and went to his computer. When he turned it on he was relieved to see his normal screen. As he began an Internet search a pop up ad suddenly appeared of a woman sucking a man's cock. He clicked the x closing only to have 5 more pop up. The more he closed them the more popped up, suddenly he noticed the note pad program was open, he clicked on it and saw a note from Doll.

Hi honey, I put a spell on the tv and computer, figured you should have plenty of stimulation until I get home :)

He turned the computer off and sat for a moment. He couldn't help but find the whole situation a little hilarious. All things considered if this is the worst spell she could put on him it can't be all bad.

It seemed like an eternity until Doll came home. Brain was sitting on the couch almost rocking back and forth like a crazy person. Doll smiled at him and said "Honey I'm home!"

Brian was still sitting on the couch with a bulge in his pants that was starting to drive him crazy!

Doll looked over and said "So what's for dinner?"

"Really? Dinner? Do we have to?"

"I said I'd remove the spell but you still have to earn it!"

Brian pulled himself together and made her favorite meal. She took her time and enjoyed every bite while Brian sat there and could even look at his food. She patted her mouth with a napkin very fancy like just trying to make him wait even longer before she stretched and said "I'm really tired tonight, might just go to bed early." As she got up and headed for the bedroom Brian had a look of panic on bis face wondering how much longer this was going to be until she poked her head back in and said "you coming?"

Brian almost knocked his chair over running after her. When the got to the bedroom he walked up behind her and held her for a moment rubbing himself against her and said "before you remove it we could take advantage of it?"

Doll turned around and said "well duh! Having sex with me is the only way to break it!"

"You're good!" He said before kissing her as they both fell on to the bed. She climbed on top of him and began to grind herself against his crotch while they were still dressed. "Honey? I don't think I can possibly get more turned on right now."

"I know, but I'm still going to have my fun."

She began to slowly take off his pants almost taunting him like she was in full control even though she was. She pulled down his underwear and saw his cock which was fully erect and even a little red from all the blood that had been in there all day.

"Wow, I guess you can't be more turned on."

She took his cock in her hand and began sucking on the tip which felt amazing to him, like she was the cure to his disease. After a few more sucks and teases she took off her pants and straddled his possessed cock sliding it in to her pussy. Before she started she said "ok so how this works is you can't cum until I do, I know you're ready to explode but I can't have you going before I do, so just lay back and enjoy, I'll take good care of you!"

Doll began to writhe her hips up and down milking his cock of everything that had been built up all day. Brian could barely see straight as she bounced on top of him. He could feel the pressure building in his balls like he needed to come more than anyone on the entire planet. He put his hands around her waist pulling himself up to kiss her and grab her tits. She moaned at his touch pulling his head down and rubbing her breast's in his face.

"Your never gonna go in my bag of stuff again right?"

"Right!"

"You're not gonna use any of my toys again without permission right?"

"...oh shit...right!"

"Ok then, you've learned your lesson I think! Prepare to cum in 3..."

When that number rolled off her tongue he suddenly felt his orgasm begin to build up.

"2"

He began to feel his dick begin to swell like his cum was right at the exit ready to spray but his tip was closed.

"And...1"

Brian could even hear her say 1 for as soon as the first syllable come out of her mouth his cock exploded in her erupting more semen than a normal man could spray. She wrapped her hands around his head as she yelled out her own orgasm as well. A minute went by and he was still cuming in to her and she was still holding on taking in every drop. As soon as his cock finally stopped twitching his head was down on her shoulder like he didn't have the strength to lift it. Doll still straddled on him had her hand on his head as she heald him for a moment before she realised he was asleep.

"Well doesn't that just figure!" She said with a smile as she climbed off of him resting his head down on the pillow before heading to the bathroom to get cleaned up.