 The young woman who had just left the sex shop was on her way home when she began to feel strange, She was suddenly feeling very warm all of a sudden. As she got to her building she took the elevator up to her floor. She began to sweat as she just didn't feel right. She also began to notice a sudden urge between her legs like she need to Fuck right then and there.

"What the hell is wrong with me?" She said under her breath as she waited for the elevator to stop and let her out. The doors opened and she ran for her door as she wasn't sure what was wrong with her. She unlocked her door and got inside, she ran to the bathroom and splashed some cold water in her face trying to cool herself off. 

She grabbed her phone and shot her boyfriend a text message asking him to come over early because she didn't feel right and didn't want to be alone. He responded with "on my way."

She began to strip off some of her clothes as she was sweating profusely all of a sudden. She grabbed a wet cloth and put it on her head before heading to the living room and lay down on the couch.

Suddenly her door opened and her boyfriend walked in. "Hey, everything ok?" He asked as he saw her laying on the couch.

He walked over and sat down next her. She sat up next to him so happy he had arrived. She could suddenly hear and feel her heart beating inside her, she was starting to get moist between her legs and very turned on. She was beginning to panic as she didn't know what was going on. She looked at her boyfriend and leaned in for a kiss pushing him down on the couch and climbing on top of him.

"Hey hey, are you alright?" He asked confused.

She pulled off her shirt which was soaked with sweat and started to pull his off as well. "I just need you so fucking bad right now!" She said as she began pulling his pants open. He wasn't sure what had come over her but played along for the time being kissing her on the neck making her whine and moan as she pulled off the rest of her clothes and straddled him.

She wasted no time getting his cock inside her as she began fucking him right there on the couch. She bounced on top of him like a crazy person like no matter how deep his cock went it wasn't enough. He grabbed her breast giving them a little squeeze before she grabbed his hands and squeezed them harder. He turned himself putting her down below him and thrusted in to her with all his might as she screamed out a little as she enjoy the feeling but it still wasn't enough for her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled on him trying to get as much of him inside her as possible. 

She was not sure what was going on, her boyfriend was very well endowed and had always been enough in the past but for some reason nothing was good enough to get her off tonight. He tried with all of his might forcing himself in to her until he could hold on any longer and blew a load inside of her.

He collapsed down on to her breathing heavy before he looked up and said "How was that?"

She looked up and said "more! I need more!"

He was confused and when he tried to pulled himself out but her pussy had suddenly clamped down around his cock and wouldn't let him go.

"Uh..... babe? Something is wrong here?"

She ignored him rolling him on to the floor with him still inside her as she was on top of him still fucking him. His cock did not seem to be finished either as he was beginning to enjoy the feeling again as she unmercifully milked his cock still trying to get off. 

She fucked him for what seemed like hours making him cum inside her multiple times as she still couldn't get any relief. He was starting to get light headed and groggy.

"Honey, I don't. ........ think I can....... go.......much.......longer."

She almost couldn't hear him as her pussy refused to let go of him until she was satisfied. As her pussy clamped tighter she finally began to feel herself possibly about to cum. It was slow but she could feel it getting closer and closer. 

About 20 minutes later after he had cum 2 more times she finally felt her orgasm on the edge. She was so close until he came one more time and it was finally just enough to push her over the edge making her scream out as her pussy spazmed around his cock and she finally had gotten relief before she collapsed on top of him and roll off as her pussy had finally let go of him.

She was so disoriented and out of breath it took her minute before she looked over and noticed that her boyfriend was barely breathing. He was still alive but he seemed to be in rough shape. She shook him a little but he wouldn't wake up. She tried slapping him and he still didn't respond. In a panic she called 911.