 As Doll was getting ready to close up for the night she still felt very odd. She was sweating and felt like she could jump the bones of the next person who walked in. Luckily it had quieted down that evening so she didn't have that issue, she just couldn't wait to get home. 

As she locked the door she had noticed a dim blue glow shining through the front window. As she looked up she could see the full moon through the city lights and it was then she realized that's why she wasn't feeling right. Supernatural energy always peaks during the full moon.

As the light touched her skin she felt this rush of energy swarm through her. She pulled away from the window not sure what was happening to her, but she began to feel light headed. The room began to spin as she grabbed the counter for leverage, she could feel something inside her begin to change. Her finger nails began to grow a little becoming smooth and pointy, her breast began to plump up and her eyes started to turn black. Something had awakened deep inside her.

Doll stood there for a moment silent as the process completed. After a few minutes she opened her eyes and began to examine herself, she was impressed by the little changes in her. She walked over to a mirror and looked herself over a little more. She was so happy she had finally been freed, at least for tonight.

All of Dolls old care free ideals before she started caring about people had re awoken in her, changing her in to something more sinister and making Doll fall dormant while she walked around in her body. 

She had a devilish smile on her face as she walked out the front door in to the city streets.

She began walking toward Dolls home when she stopped and looked down the alley way next to the shop. She could sense someone down there and began to walk down. After a few steps she noticed someone laying behind a dumpster with a few pieces of cardboard on top of him. She kneeled down and removed the cardboard waking the homeless man from his slumber.

"What the hell!" He said shocked wondering what was happening. He stopped and looked up at this attractive woman standing above him that he could barely make out in the darkness. Doll looked him for a moment before she raised her hand and held it above the man's crotch while he watched confused about what was happening. Her hand began to glow a dim pink color along with her eyes. The homeless man was starting to worry about what she was going to do to him until he noticed something else happening that got his attention. His belt buckle had started to unbuckled, followed by his pants unbuttoning and unzipping themselves. Once his pants had opened he saw his underwear rip in half revealing his cock to the cool night breeze.

"What the fuck!" He said to which Doll just seemed to ignore him while she worked her magic. Suddenly his cock began to glow pink like her hand and become erect. He felt the intense warm feeling building up in his dick as he watched it getting bigger and bigger. 

After a few moments Doll retracted her hand and stood up leaving his dick still glowing pink fully erect and exposed. She turned and began to walk out of the alley while the man said "hey wait a minute! What the fuck did you just do to me?"

She ignored him and left the alley while he tried to get up to chase after her but before he could he suddenly felt this amazing feeling in his cock which made him fall back to the ground. An intense orgasm was starting to build in him as his glowing cock began to twitch uncontrollably. The pressure built and built to the point he thought he might explode until he finally released and his cock began spraying out pink ooze about 5 feet in the air before it came back down forming a puddle around him. His cock spread for what felt like forever before it finally stopped and began to droop down a little.

He sat there in a puddle of pink slime still wondering what the hell she had down to him and watched as the ooze began to flow down into a drain in the street near him. He tried to get up again but stopped when he noticed his cock starting to grow and become hard as he felt the pressure building inside him again.

"What the fuck?"