 Arrival

It had been a long day for Rena. She was dead tired and her feet were throbbing from the weeks of travel to get to the small town laid out before her. The sight of the Inn not far away was heavenly and she couldn't wait to sink her sore body into a soft bed. She walked into the Inn, dusting off her boots before walking inside. She loved to travel but sometimes she just needed a long rest in a nice small town.

Rena walked up to the Inn keeper and smiled, her eyes showing every bit of weariness. The Inn keeper saw this and looked at the rack of keys he had left. Without needing to be asked he took down one of the few he had left, a second floor room, and handed her the key. She smiled at him and reached for the key.

"That will be five copper pieces Miss." The Inn keeper made sure to make the price known before her hand touched the key. She gladly paid and then took the key. A short walk up stairs and into her room was almost too much for her tired feet but she managed to get inside and close the thick wooden door of the old Inn. Inside was an iron tub in the corner and she knew that buckets of hot water would be brought up soon by a maid.

Preparing for her bath, she unpacked her small bag setting out what was important. The knock finally came at the door after a half hour. She opened the door to find two maids and watched as they filled the tub with steaming water, exactly what she needed before sleep. They smiled and left her to her bath.

Once they were gone, she locked the door and stripped off ever stitch of clothing. A deep satisfied noise escaped her mouth as she lowered into the hot water and started to relax. It had been such a long time since she had had a hot bath. One cold river to another, sometimes weeks apart, hot water was just what she needed.

Laying there, her body warming and relaxing, she felt an urge her long travels had suppressed for awhile. Her soft long fingers slide down her smooth body feeling her own curves. She closed her eyes to the feel of her own touch, her fingers sliding down her breasts, then slowly down her flat stomach. She could only gasp as her fingers touched her long neglected folds.

Every soft touch, rub, and prod of her fingers made her core warm and tingle. She felt her soft fingers tease her clit, rub her soft lips, and finally slip inside her tight entrance. Her breathing started to deepen as she explored deeper, feeling soft, deep folds she hadn't touched in far too long. She started to pant as all the need took over and her fingers found all the spots she feared she had forgotten.

It wasn't long before she was moaning loud and arching in the hot water. You could tell by her face that every moment was a lost paradise finally found again. Her back arched higher, her perfect breasts pushed from the water. She was on the edge and she knew it. Instead of slowly to savor it, she pushed deeper, rubbed harder, and slammed every nerve with stimulation. It was like a dam broke and with the flood came a scream of pleasure. 

After finally washing up, she dried off and headed to bed, knowing better than to let herself drift in the water. Dry, she crawled into bed naked and curled up under the sheets, the scratching cotton a welcome difference to hard rocks and crunching leaves. 

Awakening....

After a long, restful sleep, Rena woke. What was strange was how foggy her mind was, how hung over she felt. She knew she hadn't drank anything the night before and never ate. No chance of being drugged or drunk. After sitting up, she ran her hands through her hair and nearly screamed. Between her fingers was soft short hair. As her hands slid down her face, she felt stubble, a scar. She felt a face that wasn't her's.

Opening her eyes, she found a body that also wasn't her's. Lying in a bed that wasn't the one she went to sleep in was a strong slightly older male form. When she moved her hands, his moved. Between what should be her legs, she saw what clearly wasn't. Starting to hyperventilate, she stood up fast looking around. The sudden movement made her dizzy and she felt back, unsteady in the strange body. What freaked her out most was the feel of an appendage she wasn't use to hitting her thighs.

It was in the middle of the small breakdown she heard the door unlocking. It opened and closed, soft footsteps entering the room. When she looked she nearly fainted in that moment. She saw herself standing by the door, her soft body barely covered by a half shirt and little more than panties. Her face smiled at her and with a wave of her hand, the male body she was trapped in was suddenly pinned spread eagle to the bed. 

She almost screamed when she heard her own voice from across the room. "You women have it so lucky." The body she knew to be her own reached up and started playing with her breasts through the shirt. "Always having these right here to play with, always having men willing to bow at your feet to do the same." She smiled and lifted the shirt off, playing with the bare breasts like a fascinating toy.

It became clear to Rena, the longer she watched, that the body standing near the bed was inhabited by the male that should be in the body she currently resided in. Only a male would be that interested in her breasts. They were larger than the average female and somehow still perky, but the current situation was clearly magical enough that he could grow his own if he wanted.

She watched the man walk her body over closer and strip the rest of the way bare. Once naked, he crawled over his own body, staring down into her eyes. "You are a beautiful woman. You have such an amazing body." He sat up straight and straddling her, starting to explore her body for what had to be the tenth time. He smiled with her face and then reached down. She watched as he reached down between her thighs and grasped the limp cock there.

Grinning, he began to gently stroke the soft shaft. The sensation she felt as he did was hard to explain, even to herself. It was similar to the feeling she got when her clit would swell, or her nipples when they were played with but bigger, a little different. She watched as the cock between her legs grew and her eyes got big, never having seen one that big. 

Grinning, he let go and ran the soft hands over his own muscular body. "It's so strange to feel my own body as I touch you. But this is part of the experiment. Experiencing sex from the other side." She frowned at his comment and spoke in a deep scruffy voice. "Then why don't you go fuck another man!"

She said it in anger as a demand but he took it as a question. "It wouldn't be the same. We are so different, men and women. Taking it in the ass from a man wouldn't be the same as riding a hard cock with the right body to experience it the way it should be." He reached down and made sure the soft lips between his thighs were wet, which of course they were, driven by the sex drive of a horny male mind. He grinned and started to rub, just loving the soft tingle he got from the contact of the soft fingers he controlled. 

Looking down at his own body, he decided it was time. Moving higher, he aligned her small frame over his swollen cock. Looking down at his own body, he slowly lowered onto the swollen cock. He gasped and gripped his own thick chest as he felt the alien sensation of being penetrated. The feeling of the hot, swollen shaft spreading what the thin fingers barely fit into was painful and bliss at the same time. Half moaning, half groaning, he finally reached the base, fitting the entirety of his own cock into her body.

As he watched, he saw the confused pleasure cross his own face and smiled, knowing she was feeling something just as alien as he was and enjoying it, just like he was. Knowing how this all worked, he gripped his own chest, feeling the coarse hair in his soft hands and started to move the slender body he controlled.

The first thought going through her mind was that the feeling wasn't too far from a hot mouth attaching itself to her swollen clit, but once again on a larger scale. The mouth was wetter, hotter, and so much tighter. She watched as her own body started to ride the cock sticking straight up from her groin and couldn't help but moan in pleasure to the feeling radiating from the cock she wasn't meant to have. 

The pleasure building in both of them was an intense alien animal neither of them knew how to control. The build of an internal orgasm was more than he could handle the pleasure so powerful his mind was fuzzy. The build of an orgasm building from the tip of her cock to the bottom of her balls was something so strange she could only ride the crashing waves.

It wasn't long until they both cried out and their sweet fluids gushed into each other, mixing like the waves of two oceans meeting. The hands gripping her thick chest clenched to the point of drawing blood. The throbbing, jerking cock sending streams of cum into his pussy made his world spin. The longer they rode the waves of pleasure, the more it became like a war, each pushing for more, each wanting that extra moment of alien pleasure.

It was only moments after the pleasure subsided that they both started to pass out. Neither mind was ready for how different the pleasure would be, and they both simply shut down, shut out the totally unknown experience to process later. And that's how the maids found them in the morning, curled together like lovers, sleeping off a long day.

A Dream?......

Rena woke with a start sitting straight up in the soft Inn bed with scratching sheets. She was naked and her clothes were exactly where she had left them, lying on the floor by the iron tub still full of water. She got out of bed on steady legs and did a full body check. Long hair, smooth face, soft lips, full breasts, flat stomach, heart-shaped ass, tight pussy...check. She even checked her reflection in the water of the tub, pleased to find her own face looking back at her.

Seeing her reflection, looking into her own eyes, she got flash backs from the strange ordeal. It was unclear to her if it was a dream or not but she had no sure way of knowing for sure. Taking her time, she got dressed and packed her things. A long look at the room was the last thing she did before leaving and heading to the front desk.

The inn keeper smiled at her as she approached. "Enjoy your stay Miss?" He gave no hint to how long she had been in her room, but the lack of request for more money suggested a single night. She simply nodded to his questions and placed the key on the counter, turning to leave.

A cloaked figure in a dark corner of the room watched her unsure step as she left the Inn. A sly smile could be seen from under the low cowl. She may have recognized the face if she had taken the time to look at the lobby like she looked at her room before leaving.

Rena left the town behind and not once did she look back. She pushed the memories of what she believed to be a dream to the back of her mind and kept moving. Yet for weeks after, ever morning when she woke from a good sleep she would check. Never again did she find something that wasn't suppose to be there.