 Brian was up waiting for Doll to get home from the shop. He was starting to worry as she was usually home by now but tried not to let his imagination run wild and get himself in a panic. 

Suddenly he heard the doorknob turn and jumped off the couch as Doll finally got home. As the door opened slowly he saw her standing in the door way. Her skin was shining with a moist sweat all over her. Her shirt was soaking wet showing her lingerie through the white material as she stood there. Brian was starting to get very turned on at her sexiness until he noticed her eyes were pitch black.

"Um... Doll?...Baby are you alright?"

She stood there with a crooked smile on her face as she began to walk closer to him. Without a word she put her hand on the back of his head and kissed him. Brian could smell her and she smelled amazing as he wrapped his hands around her waist. He was getting hard but pulled away as he was still a little freaked out by her eyes.

"Wait... wait... um... honey what's with your eyes? They are pitch black, are you ok? Did Lilith do something to do?

Doll smiled at him before grabbing her shirt and ripping it open, followed by ripping her bra off as well revealing her amazing tits to him. Brian was so turned on but was still a little hesitant as he knew how dangerous she could be. Her hands were already opening up his pants while he was lost in his thoughts and before he could clear his head his dick was out and in her mouth.

"Holy...shit!" He said as she tongue bathed his cock. The feeling was incredible but he was still trying to fight his urges as he still wasn't sure what was wrong with her. He knew she was a being of intense sexuality which he loved about her but always made him a little nervous at the same time. The fear of what she was and what she could do always seemed to make the sex even hotter.

As she tongue wrestled his cock he didn't notice her hand starting to glow a bright pink color before she pulled away and placed it on his dick making it glow just the same. Once he noticed he became concerned.

"Doll?...what the hell? What are you doing?"

He suddenly had this intense lust in his cock. She smiled it him and walked towards the bedroom enticing him to follow her. He soon gave in to his lust and followed her to the bedroom. The moment he set foot in the she grabbed him and threw him down on the bed before straddling him. His cock was rock hard and ready to go as it slid inside her wet and inviting pussy. She had never looked Sexier as she bounced on top of him rubbing her breast's in his face while he grabbed them, sucked on her nipples, even grabbed her ass as she rode his cock. This was the most intense sex they had ever had.

As time began to go by Brian was slowly starting to realize what she did to him. She rode his cock and seemed to orgasm multiple times but still kept going. On the other hand he hadn't cum even once yet. It had been over an hour since they had started and no matter what he did his cock would not release. It was almost as if she had turned his cock in to her own personal sex toy so she could get off as many times as she wanted but he could not.

"Doll... what did you do to me? I can't cum!" He asked his sex crazed love.

"That's the whole point silly!" She said in almost a sexy demonic voice as she continued to ride his cock.

Brian was a little scared now. His mind raced with questions. What had happened to Doll? Was it permanent? can it be reversed? How much more of this can his cock take?

Another hour had gone by as his cock was no closer to cumming than it had been earlier. He was starting to lose his strength and wasn't sure how much more he could take when he saw a flash of light in the doorway.

Suddenly Lilith was standing in the bedroom watching what was happening. After a moment she zoomed over and grabbed Doll pulling her off of him. She pulled out what looked like a pair of gold handcuffs and placed them on Dolls wrists sliding the chain around the headboard so she couldn't escape while she kicked and seem ready to rip Lilith apart.

Brian looked at Lilith and said "what did you do to her?"

Lilith stood there for a moment before saying "Those cuffs render her powerless, if she had gone too much longer she might have killed you!"

"Why is she like this? What did you do to her?"

"Me? I didn't do this! And considering I might have just saved your life you should be a little more grateful!"

"ok fine, then what's wrong with her?"

"It's the full moon. The surge of energy must have awakened something primal in her. She'll be fine in the morning but for now I'd keep away from her. Those cuffs will keep her at bay."

"So I'm gonna have to chain her up every full moon?"

"Most likely, but at least it will keep you both safe."

Brian and Lilith left the room shutting the door leaving her chained to the bed as she struggled to get free. Brian had grabbed the bed sheet keeping it around his waist. However his cock was still glowing as whatever Doll had done to him was still there. 

"So what the hell did she do to me?"

"Looks like a spell just to keep you erect, you could have fucked her all night without cumming. Probably would have killed you."

"Great, any chance you can get rid of it?"

"I could!" She said as she walked over and ran her fingers down his chest.

"Wait... what the hell are you doing?"

"Getting rid of the spell for you, only one way to do it I'm afraid!" She said giving him a smile and a wink.

"No... I mean, I'll wait until the morning." 

"That could be dangerous, if you stay like this too long it may cause some permanent damage." She said leaning in and putting her arm around his neck. "I promise you'll enjoy it!"

Brian was torn, he wanted to get rid of this supernatural boner that was inflicted on him but the thought of having sex with Lilith and how it may hurt Doll left him in a horrible predicament. 

"I cant...i love her i just can't."

Lilith smiled again and said "I'm not doing this to hurt her, its just really the only way, I'm a succubus and i can absorb it because i can handle it."

Lilith began to kiss his neck trying to make his decision easier. And soon he leaned in a kissed her giving in to his supernatural lust.

Lilith pushed him down on the couch and removed the thin dress she was wearing before she straddle his cock. The moment he slid inside her the feeling was immense. He cried out in pleasure as her demonic warm pussy massaged his cock as she wrapped her arms around his head pulling him in and rubbing her breast's in his face. Brian couldn't help but enjoy the sensation as the powers of the succubus reversed the spell put on his cock and soon felt relieved as he started to finally feel his orgasm building. It didn't take long before his cock began to twitch and he finally came inside Lilith shoot his cum and the magic up in to her freeing his cock from the magic Doll placed on it.

Brian came what seemed like a ton of cum as Doll had been riding his cock for about 2 hours before Lilith finally released him. The orgasm was so intense he passed out.

Lilith enjoyed the feeling before she pulled herself off of him leaving him asleep on the couch grabbing her little dress and disappearing in a flash.