 Doll was still chained to the bed in the magic cuffs Lilith had put on her. In her demonic form she would not sleep and writhed all night in her crazed state. She struggled for hours until the sun finally began to come up and her eyes returned to normal and Doll was starting to feel more like herself again. As she returned to normal her cuffs unbuckled themselves freeing her.

She pulled her arms down rubbing her wrists before she jumped out of bed and ran to the living room to check on Brian who she saw naked passed out on the couch.

"Brian? Wake up, are you ok?" She said shaking his shoulders.

Brian slowly opened his eyes and saw Doll staring at him with the beautiful eyes he remembered!

"Doll? Oh my god are you alright? Are you... you again?"

"Yes, I think I'm fine now! I'm so sorry about last night, I couldn't control myself!"

Brian took her in his arms and held her for a moment before he pushed her away. 

"Lilith had to remove the spell you put on me."

"Oh good, I hoped she had the power to fix that, sorry about that!"

"No problem it's just... there was only one way she could remove it."

"Ok? Well as long as you're not hurt."

"No I'm fine but... I had to have sex with Lilith."

Dolls eyes widened as she heard Brians confession. She sat there for a moment saying nothing. As she processed want she had just heard. Brian was also quiet as he felt horrible about what had happened. After a few minutes Doll stood up.

"I um... I'm going to go shower before I head off to work." Doll said before she walked away while Brian felt terrible and couldn't say anything.

Doll cried in the shower not sure what she was more upset about, Lilith taking advantage of her man or her not being able to control herself and putting him in the position in the first place. Brian sat on the couch alone with his thoughts. He was scared to death that he may have ruined things with Doll and was almost having a panic attack thinking about it.

Doll finished her shower and got dress before heading out the door. Before she left she walked over to Brian giving him a long kiss before she left. Brian felt a little better that she still kissed him before she left but still felt sick to his stomach.

As Doll headed to work she walked passed the alley way and saw something odd. There was a homeless man laying in the middle of the alley with his cock out. It was limp and she could hear the man snoring but as she looked she saw a dry pint trail leading from him to the drain next to the building.

"Oh my... did I do that?" She said to herself as she was trying to remember everything that had happened last night. She quickly walked passed him and headed in to the shop. She shut the door behind her and placed her purse behind the counter.

Doll was struggling as she had little flashes of memories from last night but couldn't focus enough to remember. She probably should not have even come to work today but she needed time alone with her thoughts after what Brian had told her. She wasn't mad at him, she was mad at herself, and maybe a little mad at Lilith as well.

She did not notice the dried pink stain on the floor as she walked to that back. Apparently during the night the slime had made its way up through some cracks in the floor and in to the shop. Throughout the night it had bonded to some of the toys as well. 

As they day went on the shop had opened up and business was slow. Nothing out of the ordinary had happened as Doll was just a bit solemn still thinking about what had happened the night before. She had sold a few items but nothing crazy, had she not been distracted by other things she might have been able to sense the energy coming off some of the items she sold.

As the day wore on she heard the door open. As she looked up she saw Brian standing there holding bouquet of roses. Without saying a word she walked around the counter and wrapped her arms around him and began to ball her eyes out. Brian held her for a moment.

"I'm so sorry!" He said.

Before she responded she pulled him in kissing him and lead him to the back room. She closed the door and started kissing him again.

"Um... this is your work?"

"I don't care!" She said as she unbuckled his pants and climbed up on his hard cock. He spun her around pushing her ups against the shelving getting better leverage as he fucked her. He grabbed the metal shelves as she held her arms around his neck letting him slide in and out of her. She wrapped her legs around his waist holding on until they both finally came at the same time from all the pent up frustration after everything that had happened.

She stayed wrapped around him for a moment still reeling from her orgasm. He kissed her again before pulling out of her and letting her feet touch the floor.

"So... I'm forgiven?" He said as he pulled his pants back up.

"Well... let's just say we're even." She said with a devilish grin before she pulled her underwear up under her skirt and headed back out to the floor. As she looked out she froze as she saw something disturbing. Some of the packages had fallen to the floor and had been ripped open.

"Shit!" She said as Brian came out to see what had happened.

"Oh shit? We're you robbed?" He asked.

Doll bent down to check and saw small bits of pink slime on each of the packages.

"Shit, now I wasn't robbed, looks like they got up and walked away." She replied as she held a slime covered package for him to see.