 It seemed to take ages for the rest of the camp to put out the fires and make their way to their respective tents, giving Mal plenty of time to think over her decision. Throughout the previous day, the tension between her and Jace rose until Mal could barely stand it. Drawn out eye contact, subtle smiles, light touches; all enough to make a woman go crazy. There would be no sleep for her tonight. And if she was right, Jace would have none either. 

So Mal was going to make the most of the long night. 

Slipping quietly out of her sleeping roll, she glanced at Tally, who continued to snore softly. Tip-toeing her way through the small camp, she snuck past Amon, who was on watch duty, and entered Jace's tent. It took only a second for him to sit upright, hand around the sword that had been laying by his side. 

"Mal...?"

Mal pressed her finger to her lips, shaking her head in warning. Despite herself, just the sight of him made her heart beat faster. He was topless, his toned stomach and broad chest visible even in the pale darkness of his tent. There was a light dusting of black hair across his chest, matching the tousled black nest atop his head. The slim woman glanced at the other man, who was snoring loudly, his back towards them. 

Backing out, she gave Jace a mischievous grin, beckoning him after her. Hurrying through the camp, she got past Amon easily enough. She waited in the shadows of the forest, starting to wonder if she had gotten the wrong impression and that Jace didn't want her as much as she wanted him. But shortly, Jace came into the clearing. Amon stopped him and they said a few words before Amon nodded and Jace entered the woods. 

Mal let him wander further in, following silently from a distance. He finally stopped at a tree, turning this way and that, a frown on his face. Moonlight filtered through the treetops, causing his skin to shimmer in the pale blue light. She left the shadows and Jace's eyes found her instantly. He growled, stalking towards her and gripping her head in his large, callused hands. For a moment, neither of them moved. Stormy blue and forest green eyes stared into each other, searching, understanding. A smirk played on his lips, and suddenly he bent down and pressed his lips to hers. The salty taste of his lips excited her, and Mal reached up, pulling Jace's head closer. He pressed her hard against a nearby tree, the rough bark rubbing through her thin shift dress. 

With her mouth, Mal pried open Jace's jaw and his teeth delicately catch her tongue as it entered the warm space. She tilted her hips forward until she could feel his bulge through his thin sleeping trousers. He grounded his pelvis against her and she released a gasp against his tongue. Her womanhood burned with anticipation, and wetness formed between her thighs. Her right hand dropped, slipping between them. Mal's palm cupped his crotch, first gently, then with added pressure. 

"Uuuggghhh." Jace's head dropped, his mouth at the crook of her neck as he groaned, hot breath causing her skin to prickle. The sound of his pleasure made her nipples grow hard, pressing against the fabric of her dress. Mal pushed him away and took a step away from the tree. 

Eyes locked on Jace's, she unlaced the shift, letting it flow to the mossy ground. Jace's chest rose and fell heavily as his eyes trailed from her neck down, lingering at her large, firm breasts before trailing down her toned stomach, curving hips, and finally settling on the wild mess of auburn fur that protected her sex. Her sun-kissed skin was soft yet tight, her strength and grace showing in her every move. 

"Wow," he mumbled, voice hoarse with desire. 

Mal reveled in the power she held over him. With tantalizingly slow steps, she approached him. When she was basically touching him, Jace bent over to kiss her again, but Mal held his face firm with her hand, clicking her tongue. 

"No, no," she murmured softly, green eyes glowing brightly in the light of the moons. Instead, she kissed him, lips lightly brushing the side of his mouth. Using the palm of her hand to keep him upright, she traces a line down his torso with her supple lips, biting gently at his skin and leaving a wet circle around his naval with her pink tongue. 

His cock rose, pressing against the beige cloth of his trousers. Mal gave him a devilish grin and proceeded to lightly drag her fingers over the pelvic muscle. It formed an attractive v, and the skin twitched and grew taut under her touch. Jace growled deep in his throat, though he kept his hands by his side, clenching and unclenching his fists in his frustration at her slow pace. 

With steady, precise fingers, Mal untied the string the held his pants up. When they were loose, they came down easily with a gentle tug. Jace's cock sprung loose, causing Mal to give an involuntary gasp. She had imagined it to be large, but the thick-veined member was at least 9 or 10 inches fully aroused. Her pussy throbbed as she took it in her hands, sliding up and down the shaft slowly, then faster and harder. Jace braced against a tree, eyes closed. 

Unable to resist any longer, Mal took the thick cock in her mouth, going as far as she could without gagging. She went up and down Jace's member, pressing her tongue against it as it slid in and out. After a moment, Jace yanked her up, high enough that she could wrap her legs around his waist. His body was hot and firm against hers. He pressed his lips against hers roughly, carrying her back to the tree until her back was placed once again against the bark. His hands gripped her ass tightly as he positioned his cock, the hard tip sliding against her dripping sex. 

In a single, sharp motion, Jace entered her, causing a cry to rush out of her throat. He had been toyed with too long, and his thrusts were fast and hard. She rode him eagerly, hips rocking hard against his every movement. Moaning hungrily, her nails rake across his back. Jace growled, sliding his cock in further, deeper, faster; until Mal's head swims with ecstasy. He bites down on her neck, drawing blood. The mixture of pain and pleasure sets her off. Mal's body jolts and convulses, and her head swings back to press against the tree as a jarring orgasm rips through her core. She screams into the darkness, but Jace doesn't stop to give her body a moments rest. 

His skin claps against hers, fast and hard. Both fight to get their breath as they move together in a blinding lust. Their eyes meet, burning intensely with passion. He moves in and out and in again, their skin slick with sweat and their juices. Jace's mouth wanders down, finding her nipple. His tongue circles it, the mixture of his saliva and the cold night air making it stiffen in his mouth. 

Desperate for release, Mal moans "please," biting her lip until she tasted blood in her mouth. 

Jace slows his pace, trading speed for strength. He pushed in hard; once, twice, over and over. One finger slid into her asshole, slowly and gently, while his other hand reached her clit, stroking it ferociously. He sped up again, his cock and fingers filling her to bursting. Within moments a violent orgasm shot through Mal's body, her thighs tightening around his waist and vagina clenching his hard, wet cock. Just as she gave a shuddering breath, Jace tensed, fingers digging into her skin as he released his hot cum into her pussy. His sex spasmed inside her, sending electric jolts through Mal's body.

He pulled out of her, letting her gently down. The ground swayed under her exhausted body and her knees buckled. Jace caught her just in time, laughing breathlessly. They stood in silence, recovering their breath and energy, leaning against each other for support. 

Jace kissed the top of Mal's head tenderly, her messy hair tickling his face. When they were more rested, they made their way back to camp. Parting ways with content smiles, Mal decided she would get a good sleep tonight after all.