 Hello lovelies. First time at a longer story. This one is going to be chapter based, so sorry in advance that it is so short. Hope you guys like it. Any criticism is greatly appreciated (as I am my own editor).

*****

It wasn't supposed to be this way. This night was supposed to go by much differently. 

Josette Matthews sipped at the mixed drink before her, gaze floating through the crowd of dancers in the club. She spied her best friend, Emmalee, dancing, rather provocatively she might add, with a stranger. This night was supposed to be just the two of them. But, as per usual, Em was latched to any available piece of meat she could find. Why did Jo think this night would be any different than others? Because her boyfriend of 3 years had dumped her for his younger, hotter secretary?

With a snort of disgust, Jo took a long gulp from the glass. "Woah, careful there, little lady. Drink one of those too fast, and you won't even remember blacking out." The cheerful, Southern voice sounded beside her. Jo lifted her gaze over the rim of the glass, taking in the handsome man before her.

With deep, emerald eyes and shaggy blond hair, the man seemed out of place in this dark bar. Frankly, Jo seemed out of place as well. Her only saving grace being the clothes Em had dressed her in for their evening out on the town. The man held out a hand, gesturing at the seat before her.

"Mind if I take a seat?" 

Jo shook her head, replacing her glass on the table. Her gaze drifted back to her dancing friend before locking on the stranger. The man turned, following her previous gaze, then turned back around, shaking his head. "Came here with a friend, huh? Then she ditched ya. Oh, sorry about that. Where are my manners? Name's Tanner, Tanner Clark. Nice to meet you."

He extended his hand across the table, which Jo shook.

"Jo Matthews. Likewise." 

His gaze lingered on her hand a second longer than Jo would have liked. Instinctively, she pulled her hand away, covering the skin with her other hand. "Where did you get that scar?"

"I was born with it. Not so much of a scar as it is a birthmark I guess you could say. I know it isn't anything pretty to look at, and I would appreciate if you didn't stare, please. Makes me feel like some sort of freak with my whole hand covered by this."

Tanner reached his hand across the table, gently taking her scarred on into his hand. "My apologies. I didn't mean to make you upset."

His lips turned upward in a heartfelt smile. Jo brushed away a strand of auburn hair from her face, keeping her eyes pinned on the peculiar man in front of her.

"Not really your type of place is it?"

Jo shook her head with a laugh. "Hardly. Actually, you weren't quite wrong with your first assumption. I'm here with my friend, Em. But, you can see how well that turned out." 

Tanner chuckled softly. "Seems like you need a dance." He stood, extending his hand towards her once more. "Oh, I don't really dance much." Jo raised her hands up in denial. "That's because you've never been twirled by me. You'll love dancing by the end of the night, promise." His fingers curled around hers, gently tugging her towards the dance floor. 

The music drifted into silence as Jo allowed Tanner to lead her to the center of the dance floor. "Let's show that friend of yours what real dancing looks like." He whispered low in her ear, sending a shiver running up her spine, as the music began again. 

Slowly and slowly, the music built up, sending Jo's heart racing. Glimpses of Em's disbelieving face crossed her vision before she was twirled in another direction by her partner. "All eyes are on you, kid. The most stunning woman in the room."

Jo couldn't help the smile that crept across her face. To her, even the most magical moments are always crushed by reality. Hoping to every god she could think of, she hoped she was wrong. Tanner held her closer to his chest now, twirling with her gently. Suddenly, a hand shot out from the crowd, gripping Tanner's arm in a stern grip.

A man leaned towards Tanner, whispering something into his ear that Jo couldn't quite catch. Tanner's smile fell almost instantly. "Take the others. I'll meet you there. Don't let them leave."

The new arrival's eyes drifted to her hand in a similar fashion to Tanner's a few minutes ago. His eyes widened slightly. "And the g-"

"Go. I'll take care of it." His voice was stern, much unlike the kind and goofy Tanner that Jo had just met. But almost as quickly, his smile returned as he focused on her again. "Is everything alright, Tanner?"

"Yes. Yes, it is. I'm sorry, but I must leave you now. Here." He grabbed a piece of napkin and a pen, hastily scribbling down something before passing it back to the girl. "You should probably head on home. It's not safe for you to be out on these streets at night."

Jo held the note in her hand, watching as Tanner maneuvered his way skillfully to the exit before disappearing onto the street. "Did you know him?" A familiar voice sounded as Em approached her friend, curling her arm around Jo's.

"He said his name was Tanner...but I've never met him before. Come on, I'm beat. How about you?" 

The duo made their way back safely to their apartment complex. Emmalee paused at her door. "You sure you don't need me to walk you the rest of the way?" Jo rolled her eyes. "Em, I'm two doors down. I think I can manage." Em laughed, blurting out a 'good night' before entering her room. 

Jo stalked across her living room, depositing her phone and keys on the kitchen counter. The note from Tanner laid on the screen of her phone. He seemed rather hasty to leave. Wonder if everything is okay. Jo picked up the numbers before setting him back down again. And what did he mean by 'these streets' not being safe? I mean, it's not like I live in that bad of a neighbourhood. Jo glanced at the note again.

No. No, Josette. Rather than dwell on her night, Jo decided to take a quick shower, than off to bed. It was only when she woke up the next morning that she realized what had happened the night before.

Two bodies were found in an alleyway not far from the bar she was at the night before. Both were mutilated...by what seemed to be some large creature.