 One hour passed. Then another. Then another.

Slowly, ever so slowly, time seemed to press down on Tanner's conscience. Jo still had not awoken, her lithe frame spread out across his bed before him. A familiar feeling washed over him as he stared at the woman. Raw emotion, one that was both insistent and hesitant, rippled. Tanner shook his head of his insane thoughts. She was his guest, and he would act the part of a gracious host.

He made his way to the bedroom door. "Jethro," he addressed the man waiting on the other side. "Send for some meds for our guest. Bring it to the kitchen, please. I'm sure she will be famished when he awakens." The mountain of a man nodded and bowed before leaving to do as he was bidden.

Tanner closed the door, making his way back over to his seat beside the bed. Snaking one hand across the silken sheets, he gripped the woman's hand gently. Such a delicate flower, stuck in a rut of life. And it was his fault for dragging her into this world of darkness and fear. It was his fault she was targeted: His fault she was hurt in the resulting encounter. He raised her thin hand to his lips, placing a chaste kiss against the knuckles. A deep sigh escaped his lips. "I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me, little one." His words whispered against her skin like a prayer. All that could be done now was to wait for her to rise.

Jo awoke with a start. Where am I? Searing pain lanced through her head as she struggled to sit up. In defeat, she lay back down, placing a hand against her temple to alleviate some of the pain. What's this? She raised her arm up to get a better look.

She wasn't in the clothes from the night before. Instead of her jeans and dark T-shirt, he wore a very thin nightgown. The level of exposure and the inability to piece the night before together made Jo shudder in fear.

What happened to me? Memories assaulted her senses, sending her bolting upright in the luxurious bed. Ghosts of hands roamed the bare skin of her arms and throat. Phantom pains shot through her lower back as if her attacker's knife was still pressed against her skin. Jo curled her legs up to her chest and closed her eyes. Deep breaths; Just take deep breaths.

In. One, two.

Out. One two.

Repeat, Remember what happened after. Remember what happened after...

Her eyes shot open as one face stuck in her mind. Exceedingly handsome, vibrant green eyes, tons of golden curls, and a radiant smile that could light up an entire room even in the darkest of nights.

Tanner...

Where was he? Uncurling her legs from her chest, Jo set her bare feet to the floor, resisting the urge to recoil from the chilled marble. Glancing about the room for the first time gave away little to her host's whereabouts. Neither was there anyone else present in the room. The only thing that betrayed the idea that she had been alone was a long, silken robe, presumably for her, resting against the chair closest to the bed. Wrapping the robe around her waist, Jo set out in search of any other human being. Through every winding staircase and seemingly endless hallway, Jo feared she was going to become lost. That is, until she turned right at the next corner and was assaulted with one of the most delicious scents she had ever encountered. Her stomach grumbled unbidden, as if urging its master to investigate.

Step by step, Jo followed the hearty aroma, soon finding herself in a kitchen. She took a hesitant step forward before leaping back. A shadow crossed the floor before her and slight movement to her side caught her attention. Stealthily, Jo pressed herself closer to the hallway's wall, praying that the minimal shadows would offer cover if she needed it.

"It's no use hiding, y'know." A soft chuckle rang out above the sound of the crackling hearth's fire. "I knew you were here long before you even set foot in the room."

Jo released a breath at the familiar Southern drawl. "Tanner," his name lilted off her tongue softly. "I...I..." He motioned his head over to the empty table and chairs. "Have a seat. I'll have the stew up in a jiffy, 'kay? Then we can chit-chat." Jo mustered up a small nod before following his instructions.

"I hope you like gumbo. Geez, I really should have asked first before I started making it." The man rubbed the back of his neck nervously, his eyes sheepishly hiding behind his hair. "I can make something else if you like." She shook her head. "Gumbo is perfect...thank you..." Jo chuckled lightly, watching his fluid movements through the kitchen. Tanner grabbed a bundle of parsley, curling it gently into itself as he began to cut it into fine pieces. It was as if the knife was an extension of his own arm; never missing a beat in a dance only he could understand. After dicing the herb finely, he lifted the cutting board towards the pot, sweeping the lot into the pot with the knife. A small smile formed at the corners of his mouth as he stirred the mixture before ladling out a healthy portion into a large bowl. He set the bowl and a spoon down before Jo. "Go ahead and dig in." he said, taking a seat across from the girl. She managed another word of thanks before tucking in.

Holy crap! Jo couldn't suppress her smile. "I'm glad you like it, little lady. It's something my ma used to cook for me when I was feeling down. So I assumed it would do the trick for you too." His smile widened as he watched Jo devour most of her meal.

"Now then, onto business. Go ahead and ask me anything you wish. Personal or not, I'm sure you have many questions." His smile faltered for a split second, as if he was reconsidering his statement, before returning to grace his features, something missed by his guest. Jo swallowed her last mouthful of gumbo before beginning her questioning.

"What...What happened last night? I mean, why were those guys after me?" A soft tremble took up residence in her fingers, which she hid beneath the table.

"Last night...those men were under orders to kidnap you." His own voice stuttered before he continued. Jo squeezed the silk material of her robe in a tight fist to keep from trembling all over. "They work for a man named Thompson...Sven Thompson...and he thought that he could use you to hurt me somehow." Jo took a stuttering breath, reigning in on her fear and rage. She lifted her eyes to watch the man across from her. Watch as his smile and his eyes dropped to the ground.

"Why? Why did he target me? What more am I to you that some random strange you met in a bar?" Tears, horrid, ugly tears, pricked at the corners of her eyes. She refused to let them fall. In a flash, Tanner was on his knees at her side, pulling her hands into one of his own. With his other hand, he cupped her cheek gently.

"Josette...sweet, precious, Josette...believe me when I tell you that I never wished for any of this. Had I known that he would stoop this low, I would have taken more precautions for your safety."

The sound of her full name from his lips sent a shiver down her spine, straight to her core. Gods, she wanted to hear it again. Snap out of it, Jo! She shook her head, trying to dislodge such indecent thoughts from her mind. Turning her face to his own, Tanner stroked her soft cheek with his thumb.

As their eyes met, a strong urge to kiss him overwhelmed Jo. All she could manage was shuddering breaths that sent ripples through her breasts, which were barely covered by neither the nightgown nor the robe. Reaching up to cup her remaining cheek with his other hand, Tanner raised up, planting a gentle kiss to her lips. A plethora of emotions rushed through Jo at the contact. His lips were as soft as they had looked, and he tasted of what could only be described as masculine. No one adjective would do this kiss justice. All too soon, the kiss was broken as Tanner pulled away to press his forehead to Jo's.

"You will be safe here. I swear it to you. I already have someone watching over your friend's place, just in case they go for her too. But, firstly, I need a favour. I need you to trust me for a while, can you do that for me?" Jo nodded. His smile returned as Tanner stood, extending his hands to Jo. "C'mon. Let's find you some decent clothes."

Tanner led her through the labyrinth of a compound, never faltering in his sense of direction. "How is it that you don't get lost in such a large place?" The man leading her laughed out loud. "Well, when you grow up in an area like this, you start to remember where everything is. I promise that you'll get used to it. Besides," He turned the corner into an even larger room. "This isn't even the main housing."

"Holy..." Jo pressed a hand over her mouth as her eyes widened at the vastness of the room before her. Easily, the room could have been mistaken for a flight hanger like in those old spy movies. But, without any of the tech, only the immensity of people of all ages and races. "Pretty big, huh? Well then, welcome to what I like to call home. Mi casa es su casa and all that jazz." Jo followed after Tanner as he continued to lead her through the crowd.

Step by step, the sea of people parted as Tanner stepped around them all. Jo could have sworn that a few of them even bowed slightly to him. But all eyes were on her. Hushed murmurs rippled like soft waves amongst the people.

"Do you see that?"

"Is that really..."

"The scar...It can't be!"

Jo began to feel self-conscious. She clung to Tanner's arm, trying to hide from the questioning stares of those around her. He wrapped said arm around her shoulders, pressing a tender kiss to the top of her head, trying to calm her. Within minutes, they were in another room, far smaller than the last, but bigger than her apartment no less. Tanner removed his arm from the woman, moving instead to sift through drawer upon drawer if what looked like various styles of clothes.

"Nope...nope...hell to the nope." He spoke to himself as he pulled up dress after dress until, finally, he found one to his liking. "Here ya go." His smile beamed at Jo as she took the cloth from his outstretched hand. Holding it up, she noted how beautiful it was. A deep blue sundress accented with silver lining in the bust that looked like it would hang to her knees. "I'll give you a moment." Tanner left the room, leaving Jo to change in private. Jo unwrapped the sash that tied the robe to her body, letting the layer fall to pool at her feet. The nightgown came next, moving across her bare body. Looking around, Jo noted, with a frown, that there were no undergarments in sight. So much for modesty, huh? Pulling the sundress over her head, she quickly situated it as best as she could to cover as much of her body as possible. "Okay...I think I'm finished."

Tanner ventured back into the room. As his gaze met with hers, his breath caught in his throat. Damn it, he knew he should have found her something else to wear. The dress hung loose while still showing off her curves. Jo wrapped her arms across her chest, raising her breasts up as well. An uncomfortable pressure began to bite below his hips. "Please don't stare..." Tanner shook his head of his thoughts. "My apologies, once again." He looked away sheepishly, running a hand through his hair once more. Jo took a step towards her host. "Would it be too much to ask for a pair of shoes as well? The floor is rather cold." She lowered her arms to her sides, rocking on her toes as she spoke.

He led her to a section of the room. "What size?" Jo stated her size as a '7' as Tanner pulled out a pair of black flats. "Will these do?" Jo nodded appreciatively. "Anything is better than the floor." Tanner knelt before her, motioning for her to lift her leg, which she did. Gently, he slid the slipper onto her foot, his fingers barely grazing the porcelain flash of her calf. He placed the other show on her other foot as well. Oh, what he wouldn't give to feel that supple flesh beneath him. Feel her thighs clench around his hips as he gave her all the pleasure in the world. "Tanner?"

Jo's voice woke him from his stupor. "Yes, dove?" He stood slowly to tower over the girl. "I have another question, if it isn't too much."

"Ask away."

"What is this place? And who are these people?"

He let out a short huff, as if debating on truth or lie. "Do you trust me?"

Jo blinked at his odd question. "Yes...You haven't given me a reason not to. Should there be a reason?" She tilted her head to the side. "Jo...beautiful Josette..." Tanner reached his hand up to stroke her cheek once more. "This...this entire compound...is home to my men...my entire operation...The Loup." Jo felt the world spinning around her. She had been in one of the most feared gang's bases, and the man before her was their boss...