 Slowly. Slowly. Agonizingly so, the beast crept closer and closer. Its mouth full of razors; large eyes that seemed to swallow up her entire frame, waiting to take a bite out of her supple flesh.

Jo clamped her hands over her eyes, shielding the beast from her view. Her heart raced as she could feel its breath against her bare leg. She let out a little squeak when she felt its fur stroke up her calf. Suddenly, she felt a weight pressed into her lap. 

Prying her hands away from her own face, Jo gazed down into the eyes of the creature. Tears left streaks down her reddened face as the beast's tail swished back and forth over the tops of her feet.

I did not mean to frighten you, little dove...

Jo blinked. One; twice; looking down directly into the eyes of the creature. "Did...did you just..."

Yes, I did, little dove. I did not mean to frighten you.

The beast—Tanner—lifted one large hand, complete with five sharp claws, and laid it over her stomach. Using the pad of his finger, he traced the silver lining of the dress, careful that his claws did not puncture or slice the fabric. His eyes never left her own.

Jo dropped her hands to the floor beside her, calmed by the feel of the cool marble against her palms. Hesitantly, she raised one hand to her torso, placing it on the fur between Tanner's ears. Jo stroked down his head until her hand rested on his upper back, then she stroked her way back up to his crown.

A low growl rumbled in Tanner's chest, causing the woman under him to flinch. Sorry. It just feels good. I...I've never allowed a woman to see me like this...

"Never? Not even the women out there?" She continued stroking, eliciting another growl from him.

Tanner shook his head, shielding his eyes from her view. "Not even after you...you know..." Jo's face brightened at the thought. Again, his head shook. Not even then. I have sex in my human form, Josette...and then they leave afterwards. You are the first woman to see me like this. I look horrid, I know... He raised his eyes back to hers.

This time, it was Jo's turn to shake her head. "No...you just frightened me is all." I'm sorry, again. I should have waited to show you, but I need you to trust me now...At least you didn't scream. Jo let out a laugh. Her hand stroked downwards along Tanner's snout, her fingers parting the golden curls of his fur with ease. 

They sat like this for a few more moments, Jo's fingers easing through Tanner's fur, until her heart had stopped racing. "Does it hurt to change?" Her voice broke the silence.

No...Just a little ting-yeah it hurts like hell. But after so many years, you get used to it. The pain doesn't even register anymore. He buried his nose into her thigh, letting out a soft snort as he curled up around her leg. As she continued to stare down at the creature between her legs, Jo could not feel the fear she had felt before. Instead, she felt a sense of security. 

Cover your eyes. Okay? Jo nodded, covering her eyes with her hands. Silence pressed around them for a few moments. Jo could feel Tanner shift his body against her skin. "Open..." She did, finding Tanner back in his human form. "It feels better to change back than it does to change into." He offered a sheepish grin, running his fingers through is shaggy hair. 

Tanner rose up on his arms, crawling up Jo's body so he was face to face with her. Once again, he was shirtless, his only article of clothing was his jeans. Jo sucked in a deep gulp of air, causing her breasts to rise. Her chest touched Tanner's for only a second before descending. She lifted her eyes, staring deeply into his own. "Josette..." he breathed her name like he was in a dream. 

His lips were pressed against hers before either could realize what had truly happened. Kiss after kiss after kiss; Tanner did not relent. He claimed her mouth as his own, deepening each subsequent kiss. His tongue flicked across her upper lip, begging for entrance. She obliged, parting her lips for him. Tanner growled into Jo's mouth, his hand snaking up her side to cradle her face. 

Gods, this feels good... Jo moaned against her partner's mouth, her own hands stroking up his muscled chest, stopping at his pecs. Suddenly, Tanner pulled away with a growl. "Not here...not like this..." Jo's face flashed disbelief before he explained. "I will not take you on the floor like an animal, Josette...You deserve much more than that." With ease, he pulled her into his arms, kissing her deeply once more. 

Jo wrapped her legs around his waist, his own hands resting on her ass to support her. The blue sundress bunched up against his chest, leaving her bare womanhood to brush against his navel. Tanner growled against her lips, the primal part of him wanting to just throw her down on the mattress and ravish her. Clamping down on that instinct tightly, he laid her body gently on his bed before crawling on top of her.

Her cherry features caused him joy. Each kiss heated her skin, each touch of his fingers sent a shiver down her spine. "Have you ever" He placed a kiss on her cheek, "Been with" her lips, "a man, Josette?" her neck. The woman's face turned an even brighter shade of red as she shook her head. 

"Do you want me, little dove? Do you want this?" his voice was sincere as he placed a kiss to the delicate skin of her ear. Jo nodded fervently. "Please Tanner. I want this, I want you."

He kissed her hard on the lips. Those kisses trailed lower, meeting with her breasts. He took one pert nipple into his mouth, sucking and nipping gently at the sensitive bud. His tongue laved from one nipple to the other, eliciting another litany of moans from Jo.

He continued to move lower until his lips rested against her kneecap. With sure hands, he slid the fabric that blocked his view up her body. Jo lifted her body up from the bed, helping Tanner tear off her dress. Her entire body heated at his touch. As much as she wanted to worry about modesty and how she looked compared to the smoking hot figure below her, she could not channel enough energy to get her brain to work on such a complex thought. All she knew, was that she wanted this man buried deeply inside of her waiting pussy. 

Tanner stroked his fingers up her inner thigh, slipping the digits between her drenched lips. "You're practically soaking for me, little dove." He pressed one fingertip into her core, his thumb coming to rest with her throbbing bud. Slowly, he began to raw lazy circles around her clit, sending more heat to her core. "Please...please Tanner." She begged, gripping the sheets above her head. Tanner kissed the skin under her navel before pushing a finger into her waiting hole.

She clenched around his thick digit, whimpering at the slight pain that soon eroded into pleasure. Curling his finger slightly, Tanner began to pump it in and out of her. "Does that feel good, Josette? Do you like what I'm doing to you?" Jo couldn't manage any coherent words, only a series of nods amidst her moans. A short laugh left his lips before Jo felt something wet stroke against her clit.

Looking down, she saw Tanner's head buried between her legs. His finger continued delving into her pussy, but his tongue was doing its own exploration, sending jolts of pleasure spiking through her body. Pulling his finger from her pussy with a wet sound, he used both hands to push her legs farther apart. Jo clenched the sheets tighter, trying to control her urge to clench her legs closed. "Shh...it's okay. Gods, you look beautiful." He ran a long lick against her core before delving his tongue into the spot his finger had just vacated. 

Jo couldn't suppress her moan as she reached down to curl her fingers in her lover's golden curls. This only made him quicken his pace, sending a wave of pressure coursing over Jo's body. "Tanner..." she called out, pained. "It's okay. Cum for me, my precious Josette. I want to taste you..." His words sent her over the edge as her first orgasm ripped through her body like a flood. Tanner continued to lick through her orgasm, wringing every last ounce of pleasure from her trembling body. 

He pulled himself up the bed, still clad in his jeans, until he could kiss the woman. She could taste herself on his lips. Sweet and tangy, but not unpleasant. He ran his tongue across her own and she could feel his arousal biting painfully into his jeans. Without thinking clearly, her hands moved to unbutton the obstruction, releasing his member from its captivity.

Large. Long and thick. That was what he was. She should have felt intimidated that something that big could possibly fit inside her, but her clouded mind cared not. Jo's fingers ghosted over the sensitive flesh of his cock. Tanner let out a soft moan against her neck. "Touch me...just touch me." She wrapped her hand around his cock, slowly stroking up and down. Pre-cum spilled from his tip, coating her hand but she only started to move faster.

"Stop...I don't want this to end just yet." His voice was hoarse as he removed himself from the bed, standing and discarding his final layer before moving back to the woman. Tanner laid his body over Jo's using his knee to gently push her legs farther apart. He pressed his hand to Jo's cheek, cupping her face before he placed a kiss to her plump lips. Her auburn hair lay in a disheveled halo around her head, framing her pale face. "You are so, so beautiful..." He kissed her lips once more before entering her.

Pain. That was her first reaction as she dug her nails into his shoulders, her thighs clenching his hips. Tanner stilled, allowing her to adjust to his girth. He knew he was only about halfway inside of her, but he could control himself, taking this at her pace. 

The pain began to ebb away, leaving behind a satisfying feeling of fullness. Jo nodded her head and pressed a kiss to Tanner's lips. He began to move.

Pulling back. Moving only to his half-way point. Repeating. He clamped down on his pleasure, wanting this to last as long as possible. As she began to acclimate herself to his size, he worked his way farther inside of her until he was buried to his hilt.

Jo could have sworn that he was touching her cervix as his thrusts grew more forceful and faster. She could feel another tightness swelling just under her stomach. His breath in her ear, soft moans against the flesh, it was enough to send her over the edge. 

But she wanted to wait. She wanted to cum with him. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she drew him deeper inside of her. "Fuck..." Tanner cursed under his breath. "You're so tight, little dove. So fucking tight." 

The tightness soon became unbearable, painful even. "Tanner, I'm gonna..." "Just a few more moments...I'm almost..." His breathing was becoming laboured as his own climax was reaching its peak.

Pulling back slightly, Tanner ran his warm hand over her stomach, making his way to her enlarged clit. His fingers stroked, making her dilemma even more prominent. "I'm gonna cum, Josette....I can't wait any longer. Cum for me again, little dove." 

His words sent her over the edge. As her own climax tore through her, Tanner soon joined her in bliss. The feeling of her pussy pulsating against his cock milking out every last drop as he emptied himself deep inside of her. 

Tanner pulled her body closer to his own, cradling her head against his chest as her spirit returned to earth. Jo curled up in his arms. Closing her eyes, sleep took over her within moments. Tanner placed a kiss to her crown, running his fingers over her back in a reassuring manner. His eyes met with the scar over her right hand. 

Among his kind, her mark meant that she was to be cherished. A turning point in some cosmic battle for dominance. Whoever controlled her heart, controlled his entire species. He couldn't tell her. If she knew...She couldn't know. Tanner pulled the blanket over their bodies, tugging her closer. 

He had to protect her...He had to. If Thompson caught her, it would break him. She was his weakness...He knew she was his downfall, but in his heart, he held a special place for her as if he had known her for all his life.

After all, she was his mate.