 Beginning

Hayden was beginning to think this so called perfect female he was waiting one wouldn't show. He had waited for two days, watching women and men come and go from this small inn. None of the women that passed through were what he was looking for and everyday was another disappointment. Like most mornings, he was sitting in the window simply watching, frowning at the people that walked by. Sighing, he got up from the window sill and started going through all his things, making sure everything was still perfect. 

Around noon, bored with nothing to do, he once again sat in the window. Once he did, he nearly fell from the window sill. Seeing the perfect female walking toward the inn, he nearly tripped over himself running out of the room and down to the inn keeper. Taking him up on the deal they had struck a week ago, Hayden slipped the keeper a silver piece, telling him the next female to check in should get the room he had asked to be set aside. It happened to be the room directly under his.

He managed to have the man paid off and out of sight before the woman walked in. From the shadows, he watched her walk in, clearly tired and buy the key to the room he already had prepared. Smiling, he watched her body move under her clothes, loving what was to come. When she in her room, he slipped the second promised silver piece to the keeper and headed to his own room. 

Grinning like a young teenager with a peephole, he set up for the night to come. First he put his key under his door and then locked the door. After stripping naked, he started lighting candles and weaving magic through the room. He opened a small portal that was an open window into his targets room, helped by runes carved into a dark corner of the room. He watched as she bathed. He was shocked when she started masturbating and just smiled, loving the show, the preview as it were.

Finally she went to bed and it was his time to work. He closed the window and started casting the complicated spell. It took hours too completely and then would take another hour to set in and complete. He laid down and decided to rest.

The sudden switch woke him, exactly how he wanted it. He made sure that her transition was calm so she would stay asleep. He sat up and felt a weight on his chest. Looking down, he started laughing. The mirth he felt could only be explained in laughter, which simply made him laugh harder when he felt the woman's breasts jiggle on his own chest. 

Throwing himself back onto the bed, he just laughed as he ran his hands over his new body. It would only be for two days, but he planned it to be the best two days of his magical life. The strange soft hands roamed an even stranger body. Touching himself had never been this entertaining. His hands roamed the large breasts that rested on his small rib cage. They traveled down and found a flat but ab free stomach, no hair, just soft skin. Teasing himself, he skipped the ultimate goal and turned over. His hands traveled over his new ass and he simply had to grip it. He was very much an ass man and fuck she had a nice ass.

Finally done teasing himself, he turned back over and spread his legs wide. Not looking, to make the moment that much more memorable, he ran his small hands between his thighs and nearly came from thought alone. What he found there was so shocking even though he had gone through all this to get it. His soft fingers started to play with the soft, wet lips just feeling what he had only felt with rough fingers before. It was so different.

Experiment

Hayden spent hours, the remainder of the night, exploring this body he really had no right owning. He masturbated too many times to remember, and had trouble putting his hands anywhere but the soft curves. It wasn't still the sun peeked into the window that he remembered he had more work to do. And one final test to do before he could complete the experiment.

Standing up on surprisingly strong legs, he waved his hands at the clothes on the floor. The shirt ripped into a half shirt that barely covered her breasts and only the panties came on around her waist. Not feeling the need to put on anything else, he grinned. His magic had transferred, that was the key factor and it had worked in his favor.

Deciding it was time to go check on his own body with its visitor, he grabbed the woman's key and walked out, locking the door on the way out. He headed upstairs; ignoring the looks he got from the men in sight and headed to his own door. The key was right where he left it and he used it to get into his room. He found the woman already awake, having a fit. Luckily the fit was quiet. He closed the door and walked in.

The look on his face was one of horror and he thought she might try to move, so he waved his hand, pinning his own body to the bed, smiling. He decided to fuck with her head and reached up to the breasts on his chest, gripping them through the shirt. "You women have it so lucky. Always having these right here to play with, always having men willing to bow at your feet to do the same." He took the shirt off and continued to play with the now naked breasts.

Hayden saw the clarification of what was happening cross his own face and smiled, loving that the experiment was with an intelligently woman. He continued to play with her breasts a little longer until deciding it was time to move forward with his experiment. He dropped her panties and started to crawl over his own body, looking down at her. 

"You are a beautiful woman. You have such an amazing body." Smiling, he sat up and started to play with her body again, right in front of her, basically taunting her. Grinning inside, he decided to mess with her mind more and reached down, grasping his own cock. The cock in his hand felt like his but he had a moment of disorientation when he didn't feel what he should when a soft hand gripped his cock. He just grinned at the new information.

Looking at the solid body under him, he started to stroke his own cock. He saw the many sensations and thoughts going through her mind in his own eyes and could only think about the first time he was with a woman, how strange it was. Once again, he felt like a virgin, butterflies in his stomach. He saw his own eyes go wide when the cock in his hand was rock hard and fought the urge to laugh.

Letting go, he ran his hands over the hard body under him. "It's so strange to feel my own body as I touch you. But this is part of the experiment. Experiencing sex from the other side." He heard his own voice from under him, momentarily freaked out. "Then why don't you go fuck another man!"

It was clear she meant it as an angry demand but he decided to treat it as a question. "It wouldn't be the same. We are so different, men and woman. Taking it in the ass from a man wouldn't be the same as riding a hard cock with the right body to experience it the way it should be." He quickly checked to make sure he was wet, and of course he was considering the situation. 

Deciding it was time; he lifted himself and grabbed the hard cock he only hoped would fit. Looking down at his own body, he lowered himself onto his own cock watching the swollen head approach the pussy he controlled. Looking up at his body's chest, he did the same thing he did back in the room, looking away so the feeling would be more powerful.

A gasp left his lips as he felt the swollen cock slide deep into him. It was such an alien feeling that for a moment it was neither good nor bad. Then the real sensations came crashing in. A rush of both pain and bliss, every inch that slid in leaving him gasping from breath. He felt the hot girth of his own cock spread his stolen pussy and loved every second of it.

After seeing the confused pleasure cross his own face, he smiled and started to ride the hard cock inside him. Once again the sensation was alien, every movement making him clutch at the coarse hair of his chest, loving the feeling of the heavy breasts between his arms move up and down to the motion. Gradually he got rougher, moved faster, and rode the cock harder. He had no comparison to the feelings going through him, to the experience he was having.

The pleasure building in both of them was an intense alien animal neither of them knew how to control. The build of an internal orgasm was more than he could handle the pleasure so powerful his mind was fuzzy. The coming wave of a pleasure he didn't know existed, coming from his core and not his cock, making him clench everything and dig his nails into his own chest. 

It wasn't long until they both cried out and their sweet fluids gushed into each other, mixing like the waves of two oceans meeting. His nails drew blood from the hard chest under them, the feeling of a throbbing cock inside his hyper-sensitive pussy too much to take. the longer they rode the waves of pleasure, the more it became like a war, each pushing for more, each wanting that extra moment of alien pleasure.

Only moments after they pleasure subsided, they both started to pass out. Neither mind was ready for how different the pleasure would be, and they both shut down, shutting out the totally unknown experience to process later. And that's how the maids found them in the morning, curled together like lovers, sleeping off a long day.

Documenting.....

Hayden woke up in his own body and smiled at the complete satisfaction he felt. He looked at the sleeping woman next to him and put an arm around her. Using his magic, he teleported them to her room. He returned her clothes to the way they were and healed her body leaving no sexual evidence of what happened. A quick clean up would only leave memories and it was up to her mind how she dealt with them.

Back in his own room, he got dressed and started cleaning. Once again, he made sure there was nothing left behind that could show evidence of magic. He checked his mirror into her room and saw her still sleeping, but close to waking. After packing a few last things, he headed down. Smiling, he paid the remainder of what he owed to the keeper and sat in a dark corner, ordering breakfast.

It wasn't long into his meal that she came down stairs. He watched her move, still in love with the way her body moved. He felt his groin stirring in his pants but kept himself under control. He continued eating while he watched her turn in her key, admiring the keeper's acting skills when he left nothing show about what had happened.

When the woman was gone, heading to where ever her life would take her, he stood up and walked outside, lowering the hood of his cloak. Looking up at the sun, he smiled, enjoying the warmth on his face. Next time, he would do his experiment outside in sunlight. Laughing, he set off to find the perfect forest clearing and get ready for another wait for another perfect subject.