 I'm happy people are liking this story. I have a plan, even if it may seem like a jumbled mess right now. Feedback is welcomed, as this is my first long-term smut work. Cheers, mate!

*****

A warm light pressed down onto the girl's slumbering frame. Blinking a few times, Jo opened her eyes, raising an arm to shield herself from the harsh rays. Sitting up, her hands gripped the bed sheets. 

No. Not bedsheets. She looked down at her hand, grasped firmly in plush, green grass. Wild flowers swayed in a light breeze, tickling her completely bare skin. Jo stood, staring in awe as a sheer, silk cloth began to wrap itself around her body. The wind helped to wrap the makeshift robe across her chest, but it did little to hide her nude curves. Her auburn hair whipped around her fae as she spun, taking in her surroundings. 

A beautiful wildflower field in the center of a thicket of trees. She could hear the sound of a babbling brook off in the distance and birds chirping peacefully in the multitude of branches. 

"I must be dreaming..." she spoke aloud, fingering the light material. 

"Aye. That you are, little bird." 

Jo turned to face the unfamiliar voice, coming face to face with a green-eyed and dark-haired man that had not been there a moment ago. His face was ruggedly handsome, even with the long scar running down the length of his face and through a clouded eye. But he was nothing compared to her Tanner. The man's full black suit and blood red tie gave off the impression of authority; of someone that would be willing to do anything to win. Jo took a step back from the stranger. 

"Who are you? What do you want?" she wrapped her arms around her body, suddenly feeling too exposed for her liking. "That is of no concern to you. All you need to know, little Josette, is that I'm coming for you. And not even that mongrel of yours will be able to stop me from taking what I want." His words came from behind her. How did he-? Before she could retreat, the stranger's hands gripped her body. One arm snaked around her midriff, pulling her back to his chest, pinning her t him. The other hand gripped her right hand, his thumb stroking the mottled skin of her birthmark. 

Jo tried to control her rapid heartbeat; tried to quell the rising fear she felt deep in her bones. This man, whoever he was, was seriously bad news. "This mark...You are destined to help my kind. With your death, we can live eternally. I's a wonder that mutt hasn't tried to do it already, seeing as how he is in the same predicament." Jo let out a whimper as he pressed his lips to her neck, placing a lust-filled kiss to the soft flesh. I don't want to die...not now... 

The man leaned his head close to her ear, inhaling her scent deeply. "You have no idea how long I've waited for this moment." Jo felt a growing bulge press against her lower back as the larger man pulled her body closer to his own. Try as she might, no matter how hard she struggled, she could not escape his vice-like grip. Her struggle only seemed to turn him on more than anything. 

Tears welled in her eyes, but she refused to let them fall. She would not give this monster the satisfaction of breaking her. 

The hand around her waist moved upwards until the stranger could cup Jo's breast. Jo squirmed against his grip more, but he only halted her movements with a hard squeeze to her plump bosom. "Such a bounty for one so tiny. It surely is my lucky..." His hand gave her breast ne more squeeze before making its way south. Jo clenched her legs, fearful of what this man would do to her. But his hand merely halted at her navel, running lazy fingers against the sheer-covered flesh. 

"I could take you here and now. Fuck you until all you can do is scream and beg me for my cock. I could fuck every hole that you've got and fill you to the brim with my seed. And you would be powerless to stop me. I could force you to carry my child. Would you like that? To feel my seed planting itself inside of your womb and feeling my child grow in your fertility?" His lips pressed against her neck once more, his hot breath sending terrifying chills down her spine. Jo shook her head vehemently, reigning on the tears that threated to fall. Her fear was at an all-out high. "But I won't. At least, not today." Abruptly, he pulled away from Jo, letting her fall to her knees in the soft grass. 

"Who...Who are you?" Her voice was tiny, trembling with fear. The stranger only smiled, flashing his perfectly white teeth. "You'll know in due time, little bird." His voice dripped with lust as he stared down at her barely covered body. Jo could only imagine his lewd thoughts, sending another shiver through her body. 

Slowly, the stranger circled to stand before the girl. With a finger pressed under her chin, he lifted her gaze to meet his own. "Take a good look at my face. I want you to tell that beast of yours that I'm coming, and that he won't be able to protect you any longer. He'll know who I am and soon, you will too." 

His finger traced up her cheek to press gently to her forehead. "For now, it's time to wake up, little bird. Now sing." A searing pain coursed through her very bones, causing Jo to let out a blood-curdling scream. A bright, golden light emitted from her body before becoming enveloped in darkness. 

Josette awoke to darkness. Cruel, suffocating darkness. Her hands roamed the space on the bed beside her, finding it empty. And, by the coolness of the sheets, it had been this way for many hours at least. 

She sat up on the bed, pulling the top sheet up to cover her breasts. "Tanner?" she called out softly, but was met with no answer. Once again, she called out his name. The stranger's words replayed in her mind as the feeling of isolation pressed down upon her. 

He cannot save you...You are mine. 

Swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, Jo stood on shaking limbs, trying to flush such thoughts from her head. Her eyes caught on a sliver of light coming from the cracked hallway door. Jo wrapped the bed sheets around her body, creating a makeshift robe, before striding over to the door. 

"Tanner, is that you?" Her fingers gripped the door handle, pulling it towards her. The door let out an eerie creek as it shed the golden light from the hallway over her lithe frame. Raised voices echoed towards her, but Jo could not make out who they belonged to nor their words. 

Step by hushed step, her bare feet brought her closer to the voices. Soon, their words became coherent, but only just. Tanner spoke aggressively to an unknown male voice. 

"-was here! I know he was! His scent is all over the damn place!" 

"Just calm yourself, Tan. We have everyone searching for the intruder, but we cannot be sure that it was him. He can't have gotten far. We will find him." A growl and the sound of a fist against concrete caused Jo to jump. She pressed a hand to her mouth to remain silent, willing Tanner not to hear or smell her whereabouts. 

In their anger, Tanner nor the unknown man could sense her presence. Instead, their thoughts were focused on finding the intruder. 

"She needs to be moved. Send her to our bothers at Sanc-" 

"He would claim her before she even made it to their doors, Jethro. No, the safest place for her is here by my side." 

"So I take it that you won't follow the prophecy with Lady Josette?" 

Jo's ears perked up at the mention of her name. What prophecy? What-? Her eyes went wide as she remembers what the stranger had said in her dream. 

This mark...You are destined to help my kind. With your death, we can live eternally. 

Are they seriously going to kill me? Jo couldn't stop her body from shaking, nor her tears from falling. The hand against her mouth shivered as cold reality set in her bones. They were going to kill her, she just knew it. There was no way that her little human life would hold value over hundreds, if not thousands, of beings like Tanner. She was shaken from her thoughts as Tanner spoke those condemning words. 

"No...If there is no way around the prophecy, I will be forced to harm her. But, there has to be some sort of loophole or some-" His voice cut out as Jo couldn't hold back a sob. "She is here." Jethro's voice was low and grave. 

Shadows fell on the wall before Jo, becoming lager as the men drew nearer to her location. But Jo couldn't bring her legs to move, not even as Tanner called out her name. Move, dammit! Move! She ordered her body, begging it to obey. Out of the corner of her eye, Jo saw one of Tanner's hands reach around the corner to grip her upper arm. 

With new found strength, she fought his hold, but could not wretch her arm from his grip. "Please let me go! Please!" She pleaded, tears falling in torrents now. "Josette, stop." Tanner's voice was level, his second hand reaching up to grip her other arm, holding her in place against the wall. Jo gripped the bed sheet closer to her body, her knuckles turning white from her grip. She kept her eyes downcast, refusing to look up at the man she had been falling in love with. 

"Josette, my little dove, please stop. Listen to me..." He raised a hand to stroke her cheek, but halted an inch from her face as she flinched away from his touch. "I will not harm you, little dove...Jethro, take her back to the room. Guard her with your life. Do not let her go anywhere without an escort." His hands removed themselves from her trembling body, the loss of his body heat startling Jo more. She felt an emptiness settle itself in her chest as Tanner made to leave to hallway. 

"And where will you go, Tan?" Jethro's voice called out after him. "To find some way to stop this hell from happening." Tanner strode away without another word, disappearing into the door leading to the main hall. 

Jethro stood before Jo and held out a hand to her. "Come on, my lady. Let's get you back to the room. Okay?" Jo could only nod, her feet moving robotically as the man led her back to her quarters. "I'll send for some food for you. Sit here, my lady. I'll be outside if you need me." Without waiting for her reply, if she could have even mustered up one, Jethro shut the door and took up his post in the hallway. 

Left to her own thoughts, Jo couldn't keep what little composure she had any longer. She fell to her knees in the center of the room, letting her tears flow freely. How am I going to survive this? I'm going to die here...Her fingers idly traced her birthmark, damning it for choosing her body as its host. That damn mark was going to kill her, and there was nothing she could do about it... 

Jo didn't know when she fell asleep, but the man never returned to her dreams. It was both a blessing and a curse.