 The days passed by in a blur. Tanner would return to the rooms late into the night, only to leave before Jo woke up. Jethro resumed his position outside of the bedroom door during the times Tanner was not with her. Neither of the three of them spoke about what had happened those few days ago.

Jo stood from the bed. She had not slept well since the strange man had arrived in her dreams. But, he had not returned yet, which struck her as odd given how hell bent he was about Tanner. Shaking her head, she changed into one of the many day dresses that Tanner had had made for her the day before. 

Long, flowing, green contrasted with the red highlights of her hair, matching the shade of her eyes almost perfectly. Jo fingered the sleeveless material, staring down in thought before coming to a wild conclusion for action.

She slipped on her black ballet flats she had been given with the dresses and turned to the door. Jethro turned his head at the sound of it opening. "How may I help you, my lady?" His lilting accent reminded her of British but she couldn't put her finger on what it actually was. 

"Can you take me to him? Please." The larger man nodded, moving from the doorway to allow her to exit. "You should probably grab a sweater or something. The hallways here can get pretty drafty at times." Jo nodded, turning and picking up one of Tanner's lone sweaters and put it over her head. The heavy knit material hung to her knees, nearly covering the entirety of her sundress. Jethro let out a chuckle and motioned his head to the hallway.

Rolling up the sleeves slightly, Jo closed the door behind her before stepping in line behind her guide and bodyguard. Her eyes studied the back of his head, trying to figure more about the mysterious man.

"If you wanted to know about me," his voice caused her to jump, a blush creeping across her cheeks at having been caught. "You only had to ask."

"How did you know? I mean-"

"It's alright. Some of my kind have special attributes. Your kind would call them superpowers I guess. Telekinesis, Negation, Sensing, Strength; pretty much any attribute you can think of, I know of at least one loup-garou that has it."

Jo nodded, trying to understand as much as she could. Her guide had to be telepathic, that much seemed clear. "And Tanner?" Jethro couldn't help but laugh. "Maybe he should tell you himself. I think it would be fun watching you play twenty questions to get it." Jo scrunched her nose in annoyance. "Nasty brute." She huffed under her breath. "I heard that." 

They walked out into the main hall, which was still as crowded as before, but the others did not stare at her as they had upon her arrival. Instead, they offered her waves, bows, smiles, or mixes of all three. Jo returned the smiles and waves as Jethro led her to another set of doors. He ushered her inside before closing the door behind him.

A cold blast of air rushed towards Jo causing her to shiver. She gripped the ends of the sweater sleeves. "Shoot, you really weren't kidding about the cold here." "Nope. It's better for these types of rooms." He pushed past her, stalking to a door down the hall. He beckoned her to him with a finger. "Rooms like what?" She questioned as she took her place beside him. Jethro answered by opening the door.

Hundreds and hundreds of book in floor to ceiling shelves lined the room. There were even books piled atop the few desks that were located in the center of the room. "Go on in, I'm sure he's around here somewhere. And don't worry, I'll be waiting right outside if you need me. Okay?" When he heard her confirmation, he left the room, closing the door behind him and leaving Jo in the vast library.

"Hello? Tanner?" She called out, glancing between the shelves for any sign of him. The sound of something falling, coupled by a loud groan filled her ears. Jo rushed to the location of the sound, finding Tanner kneeling on the floor, rubbing at the top of his head. Books were strewn across the floor around him, as if they had fallen off the shelf in front of him. Jo rushed to his side, cradling his head in her hands.

"Are you all right?" Tanner raised his eyes to meet hers. He nodded in answer, only to wince as pain rushed through his head. Served him right, trying to climb the shelf to reach that one damn book. When he had heard his dove's voice call out for him, his body had reacted to being startled, sending him tumbling, and damn near the entire shelf following after him. "I'm fine, Jo. What are you doing here? Where's Jethro?"

"He's outside the door I wanted to see you. I...um...I was wondering..." Tanner placed his hand against her soft cheek, brushing his thumb gently across her warm flesh. "Well I'm glad you decided to come. I thought for sure that you would ignore me for the rest of eternity." He forced a smile, trying to crack a joke, but his heart just wasn't in it.

At the sight of his mate's horrified face, he had felt his heart shatter. He was certain that she would have wanted nothing to do with him. "Come on," her angelic voice spoke out to him. "Let's get you back into some light so I can check out your head." She helped him to his feet and led him back to the center of the library. Tanner took a seat at one of the desks and allowed Jo to brush her fingers over his head.

"I don't think anything is damaged, besides your pride I mean. But you might have a wicked bruise in a couple hours." The pads of her fingers ghosted over his flesh, pushing aside golden curls to get a better look at his temple. A low growl halted her movements. She looked down, her eyes widening as she took in Tanner's darkened ones. Nearly his entire iris had been covered by his dilated pupil. 

Tanner lifted his hand towards her chin, pulling her face down to his. His lips founds hers as they both closed their eyes. He emitted another groan of pleasure as his hands moved to her hips. Jo straddled his hips on the chair, her dress riding up ever so slightly, giving him a better view of the porcelain skin of her thighs. Tanner deepened the kiss, running his hands down her hips, to her thighs, and back up again, roaming under the sweater she wore. Tanner broke away from their kiss to whisper in her ear.

"Take it off for me. Slowly." Jo pulled back, gripping the hem of the sweater. Slowly, as requested, she brought the material over her head, depositing it ungraciously to the floor under the desk. Her lover took in her sleeveless dress, noting her hardened nipples. It would seem that his little dove did not like to wear a bra at times, or perhaps she had just forgotten today. "And now the dress." 

Jo lifted up from his lap a little, bunching the material around her hips before removing it as well. The dress slid over her curves, hugging her pert breasts, before she threw that under the desk as well. All she was left in was her lacy undergarment. A soft blush spread over her face as the reality of being nude while he was still fully clothed finally took over her.

Tanner leaned forward, pulling his T-shirt from his chest. "Better? Or would you rather have me remove more layers?" Jo shook her head, roaming her fingers over his chest gently. Tanner gripped her hips gently, watching her every movement to see what she would do next.

Jo's mouth watered as she took in the sight of his perfectly crafted abs and the tattoo that neighboured it. Before she could think better of it, she began sliding herself off of his lap. Her lips kissed a trail from his neck, down his chest, stopping to lave one of his nipples, before making her way to his abs.

Her tongue licked a trail across the contours of his muscles, making its way to the tattoo on his side. Now that she was loser to it, Jo could make out that it was a forest scene. Shades of grey and blue melded together to create a bleak view of a shadowed woodland. Her tongue brushed a patch of golden colour. The wolf hidden among the trees of ink seemed to smile at her as she continued her exploration.

Jo lifted her eyes, watching as Tanner's face was cinched tightly together. His hands trembled at his sides, begging her to continue. She lifted her hands and brought them to the buckle of his belt. The man above her hissed as she undid the belt and his jeans, releasing his erection from its prison. Jo sucked in a deep breath of air before dipping her head towards the impressive appendage.

Tanner had to clench his hands into fists to keep from gripping her head and forcing himself into her mouth as she started her slow exploration of his member. With every lick she placed on his cock, he could feel his resolve slipping. And when she finally took him fully into her mouth, he almost came at that moment. He turned his gaze down, watching as the woman sucked on him like he was the sweetest thing she had ever tasted. Her hands roamed up his covered thighs, sending his own set of chills off.

His cock twitched in her mouth as Jo's head dipped even lower, the tip of his cock brushing the back of her throat. "Josette...you need to stop..." His voice was husky. Reluctantly, she obliged, crawling back into his lap and kissing him deeply. Tanner ripped her panties from her body, throwing the shredded material to the ground in animalistic need.

Her own wetness coated him more than her saliva had. Mid kiss, Tanner lifted her hips, centering her pussy over himself, and dropped her gently onto his length. They moaned in unison as he pressed his entire length into her, filling her completely. Her arms locked behind his neck in an effort to remain grounded as he finally began moving inside of her.

Lifting her up slightly, Tanner kept his hands on Jo's hips, guiding her movements until she became more comfortable. Within minutes, she had taken control, setting her own pace. But his hands never left her hips. Grinding her hips on him, Jo could feel the sweet tension building up inside of her. Her body craved more; she craved more. Increasing her pace, Jo felt Tanner's fingers make their way to her clit. Using his thumb, he rubbed the bundle of nerves teasingly, damn near sending her over the edge. 

"Tanner..." she whined. "Shh...I gotcha. Come for me." His voice wafted over her. She couldn't think straight as a wave of pleasure crashed down on her. She slammed her hips onto him, screaming out his name as she came with his cock inside of her. Tanner held her against his chest, thrusting lightly upward into her oversensitive pussy.

He wrapped her legs around his waist, moving out of the chair. Wiggling out of his jeans, he strode over to the nearest stack. Jo gripped the book shelf with one hand as Tanner began thrusting harder into her. Her moans increased in intensity until he set her down onto her feet. With gentle, but firm, hands, he turned her around, pressing down on her back gently. 

Jo stuck her arse up higher into the air. "Fuck me, Tanner." He gripped her hips tightly before shoving his cock back inside of her warm sheath. "Fuck..." He breathed out. His cock throbbed inside of her, begging for release. Raising a hand, Tanner brought it down upon the skin of her arse with a Smack!

"Oh!" Jo moaned as Tanner spanked her. He continued to place smacks across her backside every so often. She clenched her pussy around his cock in a vice like grip with each smack, nearly sending him toppling over the edge of release. He leaned in close to her ear, never letting up on his thrusts. "Do you like this, little dove? Do you like how I make your body feel?" He curled one hand around to her front, his fingers finding her clit once more. Jo nodded vehemently. She could feel herself about to come again.

"I can't hear you." Tanner slowed his motions to a snail's pace; his fingers tortuously ghosting over her sensitive nub. "Yes! Fuck yes! Please!" She screamed at him, wiggling her body against his in an effort to create friction for her to get off. With a chuckle, Tanner continued fucking her through another orgasm.

Jo could barely stand. Her body was beginning to feel overstimulated, but all she wanted was more. Tanner helped to raise her body up. He turned her towards himself, pressing gentle, passionate kisses against her lips. Once again, he lifted her up, depositing her on an empty desk this time.

He slid his cock into her heat, shuddering in pleasure at the slickness coating him. Jo could do little more than mewl and moan, clutching desperately at his arms as he pounded into her. "You are so beautiful, Josette...so beautiful...and all mine." He kissed her neck as he felt her clench around him. She was close, he could feel how her body trembled against his flesh.

She raised her arms to cling to him, her nails dragging down his back as her end neared for the third time that night. Tanner let out a growl against her ear, nipping gently at the lobe. "Keep doing that...and I won't be able to...control myself." His hot breath tickled her skin. Tanner placed one of his hands to her hip, gripping her flesh there in warning. "Josette..."

"Tanner..." Her eyes met with his own, widening as her final release was within grasp. He picked up his pace, hammering into her harder and faster than he had done before. As she screamed out his name in release, Tanner felt his own body break. He joined her moments after, shuddering as he could feel his seed shooting deep into her womb. 

As mates, she was the only being capable of carrying his child. But, she had to consent to being his mate before her body would become fertile to him. A small wave of sadness passed over Tanner, but he reigned it in. Tradition dictated that it was her choice whether they would be full mates or not. If she denied it, he would have no choice but to accept her decision. He just prayed that she wouldn't ridicule him for it.

Tanner placed a kiss to the top of her head. "Jethro." He called out towards the door. "Yes, Tan?" The guard had called back in, refusing to even open the door. Jo's face blanched as her eyes widened at Tanner. "Have someone bring the books on the desks to my bedroom in the morning. I'm going to spend some time with Jo for the rest of the day." A triple knock on the door signaled that his orders were being followed.

Jo glared at Tanner. "You despicable beast." The man flashed a wide grin at her, "Yes, but I am your beast, my little beauty." He nuzzled her neck, sending her into a fit of giggles. "Get dressed, and we can go back to the room. Okay?" Jo nodded. They separated and made themselves presentable. 

As they made their way back to the master bedroom, all eyes were on the pair. Jo held onto Tanner's arm as he led her back to the bed room. "Why are they staring at me still, Tanner?" Tanner ushered her into the room, closing the door behind him. Taking a deep breath, he knelt down before Jo. 

"Josette Matthews...you are my mate. In every form imaginable, we are equals. I am asking you—no, pleading with you, to accept me. The choice is yours, but I will do everything in my power to protect you and whatever children we would have in the future. You are the love of my life, Josette, and I don't ever want to hurt you. I will find a way to protect you, I swear..." 

His hand clasped onto one of hers. He placed a kiss against her knuckles before bringing them to his forehead. "I accept you, Tanner Clark...I trust in you." The words spilled from her lips in a whisper. Tanner lifted his gaze to meet hers, a smile forming on his face. "I love you, little dove, with all of my heart." He placed a kiss on her lips, leading her to the bed so she could sleep. 

"Rest well, Josette. I will be here when you awaken." He took his place in the bed beside her, pulling her into his arms.

As Jo closed her eyes and fell victim to sleep, a sense of peace overcame her. She finally felt like she was home.