 Sven Thompson paced across the carpeted floor of his parlour. His second stood beside the roaring fireplace, his arm leaning against the mantle. "Sir, If I may be so bold, why not simply barge into their base and steal the girl from them? We have the men and the resources to do so-"

"Because that is exactly what he wants us to do. He expects us to run in and steal the girl. What we need to do, is get the girl to come to us." Sven stopped his pacing, his hand clenched in a fist under his chin. "And I have just the plan to do it."

Jo woke to Tanner's arms wrapped around her and her back pressed against his bare chest. His deep, even breaths told her that he was still asleep. After their lovemaking session yesterday in the library, it was no surprise that he was still sleeping. Jo brought her arms up to place them against Tanner's, snuggling in closer to him. It won't hurt to get a few more minutes of sleep. She closed her eyes and dreamt once again.

"Little bird...little bird. Where are you?"

Jo's eyes opened with a start. She wasn't in the room she shared with Tanner, nor was her mate anywhere in sight. Instead, she was laying amidst a field of wildflowers, wearing the same sheer silk robe as before. Just like last time... Her blood ran cold as realization dawned on her.

"Little bird...little bird. Why do you hide from me?"

That man from her dreams. Sven Thompson. Jo sat up quickly, but was pulled back down by an unfamiliar force against her wrists. Looking down, she noticed the shackles that bound her wrists together as well as the chain that lead to the stake keeping her in place. "There you are, little bird."

Forceful hands pressed themselves against her shoulders, pulling her body around to face him. Jo couldn't hide the fear in her eyes at his wicked grin and hungry gaze that roamed over her barely covered body. "Thought you could hide from me forever, didn't you?" Sven hauled her to her feet, the chain that bound her to the ground lengthening to the will of its master.

She stared up in fear at the man who haunted her; the man who wanted to claim her. "What do you want from me? Please, just let me go!" Tears welled in her eyes, threatening to fall at any moment. "Ah, well you see, I need you to do something for me first little bird." He reached into his pocket and produced a small black pill. Without any hesitation, he shoved the pill into her mouth, closing his hand over her lips so she had no other choice but to swallow it.

Slowly, the world began to darken around the edges in Jo's mind; her pupils dilating to accommodate to the darkness. She could feel her body shutting down as the pill worked itself into her system. No longer under her own control, her hands lifted up to cup Sven's face. What? No! Don't do this! She pleaded her body, to no avail.

Her words were not even her own. "What do you desire of me master?" No! This isn't me! Please! "I am yours to do with as you please." Her body leaned closer to his until her lips were a fraction of an inch away from his own. "Let me serve you..."

His grin grew wider, almost like a shark, as he realized that his plan was going as he had hoped. "All I want...little bird...is for you to come home. Make it so. We are waiting for you." He pressed his lips to hers, kissing her with surprising tenderness. NONONONONONO! PLEASE, SOMEONE HELP ME!

"Now, wake up."

Once again, Jo awoke to the feel of Tanner's arms squeezing her closer to his chest. "Good morning, my love. Did you sleep well?" Jo's eyes widened slightly before returning to normal. "Yes. I did." Her voice was animatronic; her body was not her own. Oh no, that pill... "I just need a little fresh air is all. I'm feeling a little light headed."

"Oh, okay? Should I ask Jethro to bring up some medicine?" Yes! Send for him to bring help! She shook her head. "No, I will be fine with just some air." She rose from the bed, wrapping the robe draped across a nearby chair around her body. "I'm going to catch a shower. Don't go anywhere, okay? Jethro will be right outside if you need anything." Tanner stood as well, making his way to the joined bathing room.

Jo waited for the sound of running water to walk out onto the balcony of the room. Looking out, all she could see was a vast sea of trees and a small river that parted the north and south side of the forest. I'm certainly not in the city anymore... The wind howled before her, sending the leaves of the trees rustling to an unseen rhythm that she couldn't keep up with.

Looking down, she noted that the only thing below her was a large thicket of bushes, not nearly plush enough to fall into. Jo wrapped her hands around the banister, giving it a good shake. Firm stone. Returning to the inside of the room, she made her way over to the bed. Jo pulled at the bed sheets until the top, thin sheet and the fitted sheet had come off. Quickly, she set about tying them together, along with the curtains to the balcony and any other fabric she found that was long and strong enough to hold her weight.

She took her creation back out to the balcony, making sure to keep silent as well as keep an ear out for the running water. Jo knotted one end of the makeshift rope to the balcony, giving it a few tugs to check that it would hold, before throwing the rest of it over the edge. It barely reached halfway down the side of the facility. Trust in me, little bird. Climb down. You will not be harmed. A male voice resounded in her mind.

Jo's eyes widened before returning to normal once again. On their own accord, her arms reached out and gripped the cloth rope. Without a second thought, she heaved her body over the edge of the railing and began descending. No! Stop this! Tanner, please, help me! Once reaching the end of the rope, Jo suddenly let go, falling the last few feet into the bushes below. Groaning, she hauled herself from the bushes, brushing off the dirt that stuck to her robe and bare legs. Her gaze turned to the north.

Head north, across the river. We will be waiting for you, little bird. Fly quickly. The male voice cooed as her bare feet began to move as instructed. Tanner, find me, please...

Tanner shut off the water to his shower, running a hand across his wet hair, slicking it back. Grabbing the towel, he wrapped it around his hips, tucking in the end to secure it as he moved about. He opened the door to the bedroom, and was puzzled by the lack of his mate. "Josette? Where did you go?" His gaze fell to the bed, stripped bare of any sheets. He whipped his head towards the door to the balcony, noting its lack of curtains. "JETHRO!" he called for his friend and second as he rushed to the balcony. He noticed the tied cloth rope immediately. The other man soon joined him in the room. "She ran...she ran..."

Jethro rushed to his friend's side. "I'll send out a retrieval squad. She can't have gotten far." He left to do as he had stated, his voice could be heard barking out orders as he gathered a squad to go after Jo. Tanner turned his eyes to the ground below the stone balcony. Following the cloth rope, he saw the indentation Jo had created in the bushes when she fell, as well as the footprints she had created in the mud. "Where are you going, Josette?" His gaze followed the trail as far as he could, realizing that they were heading toward the north.

"Oh no...Josette..." He clenched his hand into a fist, slamming it down into the stone railing, creating a fraction in the masonry. "That bastard's got Jo. Don't worry, I'm coming for you, baby." And god help Sven when he got there...