 Jo ran on and on for what seemed like hours. Her legs wobbled with every step, threatening to collapse under her. Her feet were cut and scraped raw by the forest floor. But onward she trudged. Her mind felt heavy, as if a large fog had maneuvered into the crevices of her psyche and decided that her will was better served by another.

Wading through the last leg of the shallow river, which she had come across not even five minutes ago, Jo crawled out onto its bank. Looking ahead, she noticed an arrangement of stone. Keep going, little bird. You are almost home. "Home..." she breathed out, pushing herself to her feet. This will never be my home. My home is with my mate...please, find me.

After less than a mile of walking, Jo reached the stone formation. Like the castle she had previously resided in, this one seemed its twin in every way she could imagine. Large with graying stones, the castle (which was truly looked more like an old military fort) held an ornate wooden door, complete with a brass ring knocker, as its entrance. Stone statues stood on either side of the doors, as if guarding the entrance against any that would wish to trespass.

Knock, Josette. We are expecting you. She did just as the voice had bidden her. Gripping the brass knocker with both hands, she lifted it and brought it down hard against the oak door. As it collided with the knocker, the door swung open, giving way to a lush courtyard.

In the center of the courtyard was a tall, blossoming tree. Crisp, white petals fell from its branches, littering the ground like snow. Keep going, little bird. Jo's feet lifted themselves, walking her past the beautiful tree and to another ornate door, which also opened just as she reached it and led to the foyer. A grand staircase led to the upper levels before splitting into two staircases that led to the separate wings of the facility.

Not like Tanner's home, where everyone seemed like family and culminated in the one foyer. Jo walked to the base of the staircase. Take the route to the left. I'm awaiting you in the last room at the end of the hall. Don't keep me waiting too long, little bird. I'm not a patient man. His voice growled in her mind. Fearing his reaction if she dawdled, Jo urged her blistered and cut feet to move as fast as they could go, following his directions until she was at the door he had stated. Turning the knob, Jo led herself into what looked like a master bedroom, finding it to be occupied, just like the voice from her nightmares had said.

Sven kept his back to his newly arrived guest as he continued to gaze out of the floor to ceiling window that took up the entire far wall of the bedroom. "Hello, little bird. I am pleased to finally meet you in person. I am pleased to see that my little pill has been working well in your system. Tell me, have you felt your will being bent against your will?" His tone hinted at the smile growing on his face. Slowly, he turned around, folding his arms behind his back as he walked toward the girl.

Jo stood still as a statue, eyes closed tightly, as the man circled around her, his eyes roaming her body. It was only when he ceased his movement in front of her that she dared to open her eyes, instantly noting the hunger that hid within his. Sven lifted a hand to stroke her cheek with his fingertips. "Speak freely, Josette." She exhaled deeply, not able to control her shivering any longer.

"What do you want with me?" her voice was smaller than she had wished for it to be, her fear spreading like ice through her veins. Sven reached down and gripped her right hand. "You already have an idea of what I want to do to you." He lowered his lips to graze against the skin of her birthmark. "But that will all come in due time. For now, I need you to wash and dress." The man snapped the fingers of his other hand.

Two identical young women appeared. Their silver hair hung in ringlets around their shoulders. In their arms, they held a bundle of white fabric and an assortment of garlands created from the blossoms of the courtyard tree. "Tatianna and Nymeria will assist you." He dropped her hand and turned to sit in a chair against the wall. The two women inched closer to Jo. "Now, little bird, disrobe."

Against her conscious will, Jo's hands rose to the sash at her waist and untied it, letting it fall open. Her fingers trembled, the only thing showing her trepidation at following this madman's orders. Slowly, she lifted her hands to the collar of the robe, pulling it and letting the fabric fall from her shoulders to pool on the floor.

Goosebumps appeared her flesh as Sven's eyes roamed her now are skin; her hands remaining at her sides. "Very nice...I can see why that mangy mongrel wanted you as well. But, enough of this. Ladies, our little bird is in need of a bath." He snapped his fingers once again. Both women set what was in their arms onto a nearby table before ushering Jo to the joined bathing area.

They were not necessarily rough nor were they especially gentle as they scrubbed the grime and dirt from her skin and hair. After a few minutes of scrubbing every inch of her body thoroughly, Tatianna pulled Jo out of the ivory tub, quickly drying her body off with a plush towel. With another towel, Nymeria roughly dried and brushed her hair before ushering her back into the main portion of the room.

"Tatianna, the dress." The woman on the left of Jo lifted up the large garment from the table, helping Jo into it gently. The white fabric slipped over her arms and head, draping perfectly down her body.

The dress was long, sleeveless, and made of what felt like chiffon. The skirt flowed in different lengths but still ended up draping across the floor. The top was loose, barely covering her chest, with no backing. The valley between her breasts was left open to the gaze of the nightmare before her.

"Absolutely stunning, as to be expected. Nymeria, the garlands." The other woman reached the table, taking a hold of the multitude of garlands. With experienced fingers, she worked each smaller garland onto her wrists and ankles. The larger garland was placed atop her head, resting gently against her hair. "And there we go. Ladies, go and alert the council. Tell them that we will arrive shortly. I want the ritual ready by the time I get there. But first, our guest and I need to have a little chat."

They both bowed their heads before exiting the room, leaving Jo alone with the monster. Sven stood from the chair, folding his arms behind his back just like he had done previously. "You look even more beautiful now that you are clean. Especially with the blossoms of the magnolia crowning you." He circled behind her, taking a strand of her hair between his fingers and bringing it to his nose. Please, just let me go....Please... "Look at me, little bird."

Jo turned around, her auburn hair falling from between his fingers. His fingers moved to trace her lips. Don't. No! Sven closed the distance between them, pressing his lips against hers harshly. Jo felt as if her spirit was leaving her body; her head feeling light and her body feeling heavy. What's happening to me?

The man pulled away from her after a few moments, catching her in his arms as she was about to collapse to the floor. "There we go. Now that the pill is no longer in your system, we can proceed." "Proceed?" Her eyes grew wide at the grin across his face. "Oh, my sweet little bird. Tonight is the night that I make you mine."