 Sunset. Orange sunlight paints the sand beach and the forest and mountains behind it. A hovercat with a shiny metallic sail zips south along the beach a few meters above the sand. Sporadic gunfire erupts from between the trees, causing the hovercat pilot to zig and zag while heading for the cover of the woods.

"What the hell is going on?" I thought, as I headed for the trees.

"Some ass is trying to kill me, but why?"

I pulled the cat up to an open spot in the trees and set down; dropped the sail and leaned the cat up against a tree. I ran up a hundred or so meters toward the shooter and hunkered down in some bushes. I heard him coming and readied my wave gun. Just as he passed me, I pulled the trigger, knocking him off his feet. I leapt forward and hit him square in the chest with another blast, just as he stood up. He was out this time for sure.

I had between fifteen minutes and two hours before he regained consciousness and set to removing his weapons, boots, clothing, etc. Removing his helmet revealed rusty, bright orange skin, blood red lips and blood red, close cropped hair. Lo and behold! Upon opening the jacket, I noticed a very definite pair of tits. Pulling down the breeches showed a lack of penis, but more of that blood red hair and blood red lips of a different nature. Completely stripped, she was quite an attractive creature, although it did take a minute to adjust to the very orange skin and bright red hair. Standing there and staring at the prostrate form at my feet, I could not hide my arousal. It had been a long time since seeing another human, let alone female, let alone naked, and I was really starting to feel it. I exposed my already dripping penis and gave it a squeeze.

"Since she tried to kill me, she can expect a little pay back, right?" I mused as I removed my pants. Lying on my side behind her, I rubbed the head of my cock on her little rosebud until we were both well lubricated by my precum fluid. Pushing into her, after quite a bit of effort, I felt the little rubbery pop of the head passing her rectum. My eyes rolled back in my head as the pleasure swept over me. It had certainly been a long time. My balls were aching as I slowly stroked in and out of her ass.

I was startled when she started coming to. Surprised even further when she started fucking me back, put a hand on my ass and pulled me deeper into her. Putting my hands on her shoulders and thrusting with all my might, the orgasm was beginning to well up in my loins. I felt fireworks and electricity throughout my body as I shot spurt after spurt of cum in her ass. I lost control of my body, twisting and writhing through my orgasm, all the while she was squeezing my cock with her ass.

Trembling, I pulled out of her ass, remembered where I was, and lurched to my feet and aimed my wave gun at her; she did not need to know it was non-lethal.

"Why the hell were you shooting at me?" I demanded, a little unsteadily.

She rolled onto her back and giving me a sultry glare, "Fuck you." She said

"Ok, so that's how it is, huh?"

"Fuck…"

Blurp went the wave gun and out went her lights.

Well, she did fuck me again, though she was not awake to enjoy it. The more I looked at her, the more beautiful she became. At least two meters tall, slim and muscular, she was quite a thing to look at.

So yes, I fucked her extremely tight cunt while she was still out; what a fuck that was. Her cunt was much tighter than her ass and took some work to get into, but I finally managed. My orgasm was not as moving and thunderous as before, but good nonetheless.

I tied her up and got the hovercat; loading her and her stuff into it before she came back around.

"So, now what, tough guy?" Somewhat tauntingly spoken as she sat up on the hovercat.

Leveling the wave gun at her chest, "Any more smart ass talk outta you and you're going back to sleep, got it?"

She nodded and relaxed her body language a bit.

"So now, once again, why shoot at me? I never did anything to you."

"For your boat and anything else of value. I was under command from my master, Mol Dett, to hijack any and all vehicles or items of worth. It wasn't personal." She lowered her eyes, saying the last sentence as though she meant it.

"Well, no harm done; other than a couple of holes in the sail that'll need fixing soon. Where's Mol Dett now?"

"Probably back at the ship."

"Where's that?"

"A couple thousand meters inland. Just go east until you hit a small river and then turn north."

With that, we turned east. The sail's no good in the forest, but the wave thrusters are pretty reliable when there is little or no wind, so we made pretty good time.

The ship was easily found on the east bank of the river in a rocky clearing. The hatch was open and the ship empty. I untied her legs and followed her inside.

"Do you know how to fly?" She asked.

"Yeah, I've flown before, but this bird's a little different. It might take a little bit of time."

I turned in time to see a big pale skinned white guy with a big black beard and big head of black hair swing a log at my head. He was successful and I went down like a stone.

"Well, Mor, you did bring back some goodies, so I shouldn't punish you too severely." Twisting her arms behind her, extremely painfully, before stripping me brusquely and tying my arms behind my back. A couple of good kicks to the stomach and I was back on the floor. Jerking Mor around and bending her over a console, he pulled out a dick that looked more like a breadstick than anything else, and stuck it up her ass. He pulled out after a couple of strokes and looked down.

"Hey! You're already full of cum!" Slapping her in the back of the head, walking over and kicking me a few more times.

"Stupid punk, she belongs to me!" Pointing at his nose with his index finger with vigor.

He went back to her and fucked for a minute or two and started huffing, puffing, and wheezing. Still pumping, he turned to me and said, "I got something for you, punk." He pulled a gun out of his pocket and pointed it at my face. Pulling out of Mor, he walked over and told me to get to my knees, which I did. He then grabbed a fistful of my hair and started fucking my mouth. The musky stink of his pubic area was pungent to say the least, but a gun in your face is a very persuasive thing.

Grunting like an animal, he came in my mouth, sour, sticky, and nauseating. At that moment, I heard a sharp and loud crack and Mol Dett crumpled to the floor in front of me. Mor had evidently gotten free of her bindings, gotten a gun and shot Mol Dett in the ear. Just like that. 

Now, this is a pretty weird thing. Think about it. Tied up and beaten up, being face fucked by big hairy stinky pig who just happens to get executed while he's shooting his load in your mouth. Go figure.

"Plugh. Hawk, pthuie." I spat out a bunch of goo.

So, I looked up at Mor and asked, "So, now what, tough guy?"

"My master is dead, so I am free. If I can trust you, I will remove the ropes from your arms and then you can help me dispose of Mol Dett. Can I trust you?" Raising red eyebrows.

"Just as long as you don't shoot at me anymore."

"It's a deal."

Well, true to her word, she set me loose and we tossed Mol Dett in the river and cleaned up the mess. I gave her back her stuff, repaired my sail and started getting ready to go.

"What, are you leaving? Where are you going?"

"Yeah, I've had enough excitement for one day, I'm gonna keep heading south down the coast."

"You know," she sidled up next to me, "as partners, we could be very successful." Coming even closer and looking down into my face. "I am a very skilled companion, trained in the soft arts by old world masters. I am intelligent, highly skilled in combat, and can run from dawn until dusk without rest. I could be a very valuable partner to you. We could benefit each other."

"Look, I'm kind of a loner, see? I go where I want to, at my own pace, and do what pleases me. Partnership would just get in the way of that. I mean it sounds great y'know, but I like the freedom I have. It's not you, it's just my thing, ok?"

"Stay a couple of days and then decide. You don't have to be anywhere at any certain time, do you?"

"Well, I wanted to get to the southern continent by winter, but other than that…"

"I didn't think so. I have friends in the south. Good friends. Stay a couple of days and then decide."

I was not in a big hurry, that was true. I knew nobody in the South, my gut hurt, and it was dark.

"Ok, you got me. I'll give it a day or two, and then we'll see."

"Good. I am hungry. I will find some food for us."

"Sounds good. Hey, I've got a question for you."

"And that is…"

"How did you know whether or not Mol Dett would pull the trigger when you shot him?"

She sort of looked at her feet and eventually shrugged, "I didn't."

Please vote on this story and please send feedback. I would like to know what you think.

Thank you,

g.