 We rejoin Mor, the orange amazon superwoman and our solitary traveling uh, well, ok, let's go ahead and call him a hero, for want of a more precise term, Baldo Rheen. Baldo has suffered some internal bruising at the hands (and feet) of Mol Dett; Mor's (now deceased) former slave master. Mor has set to making a tea of herbs and a poultice from flower buds she had stashed aboard Mol Dett's vessel.

Mor looked rather fetching in her undershirt and pants, tending the fire and mixing her concoctions. She turned to me with blackish paste on a big leaf in one hand, and a bowl of steaming liquid in the other.

"Here, sip this slowly while I put some of this on your wrists."

The tea smelled great, sort of like pine needles, but it was somewhat bitter. The paste, on the other hand, just stunk.

"You know," she said, looking me in the eyes, "I don't even know your name."

"Baldo," I said between sips, "Baldo Rheen."

I watched as her face changed. She went from calm and collected to tight lipped, exploding in a guffaw of laughter after five or so seconds of self-restraint. I let her go off. Actually, she laughed quite beautifully, even while drooling, as she eventually did. Her dark eyes sparkled in the firelight, as did her teeth.

"Ok, what's so funny," I asked when she started to calm down.

"Well," sniggering, "In a language I'm familiar with, baldo means 'rat', while reen means literally, well, it means 'shit'." At that, she stood up and leaned on the vessel, laughing and sputtering with the hilarity of my name.

"Ha, ha, ha." I got up and teetered toward the river, a little pissed at being laughed at so much. This tea was working on me, I wasn't quite so sure of my feet. Really, I had meant to stomp, but my feet were feeling a little heavy.

"Look, I'm sorry," She said, putting her hand on my arm, "But, you can see the joke, right?" Smiling timidly.

Looking into her eyes, I realized I needed to lighten up. I smiled back. "I guess so."

"You haven't been down south before, have you?"

"Well, not yet, no."

"I didn't think so. We had better change your name before we head down there, or you're going to be the butt of everybody's joke. I will start calling you Breen. That's the name of a powerful and courageous king from long ago. It has come to be a word for strength. What do you think?"

"Well, why not? Names don't really mean that much, right?"

"Oh yeah, right, right. Doesn't mean a thing." Her eyes drifted away to the fire, a smirk on her lips.

Nice try, I thought. Well, I'll go along with it anyway. Who wants to be known as 'Rat Shit'? That's pretty funny, I thought. I started to giggle and chuckle under my breath. Soon, I was out of control, drooling and stumbling around until I put a bare foot on some hot rocks near the fire.

"Ahh! Shit, shit, shit, shit!" Hopping around on one foot, like an idiot.

"Here, sit down." Mor set me down on a large rock whilst I continued whimpering.

Disappearing into and reemerging from the ship, she put some brown slime on the burn. The pain disappeared immediately. Once again, I was appreciating Mor and her skills.

"The tea and salve I gave you are potent, please be careful."

"Ok. Sorry. I really didn't mean to…" I felt like I wanted to cry. I started to sob.

"Shhh, quiet now. It's alright." She said, tousling my hair, picking me up, and taking me into the ship. Pulling my shirt and pants off, taking care to keep the slime on my foot, she set me on a container and knelt in front of me. Leaning forward, she kissed me gently while her smooth, very long tongue flitted around my mouth. Pushing me back against a console, she descended to my cock and mouthed me. Growing in her mouth, her eyes opened and looked at me.

"No wonder my nook hurt after you blasted me. You fucked me again, didn't you?" She looked pissed off. Uh-oh.

"Well, it um, uh…" I stammered as my erection deflated. Busted! Shit!

"It's ok. How big does it get?"

"What?"

"How big is it? Your root? Your cock?" She gave it a wiggle.

"Not very big."

"Not very big." She was definitely mocking me. She descended upon me again.

I began to grow in her mouth again. Her tongue and mouth working magic on me; my body began to tingle. Her hand around the base of my cock, she looked up.

"Not very big, eh." Again the mocking tone. "That's big."

"Really?" I said, looking down.

"Really." Down she went. Slowly her lips and tongue teased me. It felt like so much was happening at once, I couldn't help myself. I felt like I was on fire. Both of her hands on the shaft, she was bobbing up and down, stroking with her hands as the head thrust against her throat on the down stroke, popped past her lips on the up. 

She lifted her head, still stroking. "Come in my mouth." She hissed. "I want your cum".

That was all I needed. Swallowing hard as I watched her descend, the fire began to burn again. My balls, my cock, my stomach, all were buzzing. I felt the spasms begin as my orgasm surged forth. Spurts of cum jetted against her throat. She swallowed the first few spurts, but then gagged and raised her head, still pumping. She gave a little cough and watched as I continued to spew forth. 

"Shit." She muttered as she put her lips back on the head and sucked cum from me. She swallowed until I subsided and grew limp.

On last swallow and she said, "Do you always come like that?" Looking suspiciously at me.

"Pretty much." I shrugged, still feeling woozy from her medicines and the sucking I just got.

"Wow. You've got a huge root and come more than most men piss. Not very big. My ass."

"I thought everybody was like that." I said.

"No, not at all. I have seen bigger roots, but not many, and I have never swallowed so much cum in my life." Pause. "Well, not at once," Pause. "From one person." Pause. "At a time." Pause "You know…" She trailed off, looking a little embarrassed.

She stood up. "I'll find something to wrap your foot. Then I want you to sleep. When you wake, you shouldn't feel any pain." Wrapping my foot in a piece of cloth, she slid a bunk out of a console and helped me into it. "Sleep well." She kissed both my eyelids and walked out of the ship.

"Don't worry about a thing, I'll keep watch until you wake." I heard her call as I faded into sleep.