 We open at early morning in a stony clearing. A lone figure by the remains of a fire, wisps of smoke and small flames still apparent in the early dawn's light. A figure emerges from an airship a few meters away and sits near the fire. It is Mor, now joined by Breen, until recently known as Baldo Rheen or, in the southern colloquial; "Rat Shit."

"So, I trust you slept well." Mor smiled as Breen sat on a nearby rock.

"Well, yeah, but I've got a hell of a headache."

"Finish your tea, it'll take the edge off. How's your foot?"

"Fine, I mean real fine, no pain at all." I was genuinely amazed; it seemed like a hell of a burn last night. "How are you doing? You must be tired."

"Well, I have felt fresher, but I can go for days without sleep. I think your wave blaster took something out of me, though. I'll probably take a nap later." She rubbed her eyes.

"What would you like to do in the meantime?"

"We should hunt, if we're going to head south. It is a good idea to have as much food as we can carry, just in case. What do you think?" She turned to me with those sparkling dark eyes. They looked almost black, even in the light of morning.

"You're the boss. You seem to have a lot better idea of what's going on than I do"

"Then hunting it is. I have scouted a couple of good trails nearby. We should be able to get a deer or two, maybe an elk. Once the meat's hanging, we'll head down to the beach and get some seaweed, maybe some fish, who knows, maybe even a seal."

"Big day."

"Well," she said, looking at me with a smirk, "If you're not up to it, I'll go on my own."

"Oh, I'll be fine, it's just that I don't really hunt. I usually steal or trade for food, but I'll do my best." My ego a little stepped on by that one, but, well, what can I say? I'm more of a thief and drifter than anything else, and haven't been doing that for all that long.

"Then it's settled. Piss on the fire and we'll be on our way before the animals bed down for the day. When you're done with that, get your kite out, it'll make a great vantage point from which to shoot."

"It's a hover catamaran, for your information, and it'll hover stationary at five to ten meters depending on what's under it and how much weight it carries. The harder the ground, the higher she hovers." I was rather fond of my cat. Obviously, I didn't like calling it a kite. Children fly kites.

"Take it easy, I was only joking. I love it. In fact, I'll love it more riding in it unbound." Beaming a huge smile at me smoothed everything out.

Pulling out my 'root', as she called it, I pissed on the fire. What a thing to call it, I thought. Root?

Mor lashed a bunch of branches around the deck of the cat for camouflage. She equipped each of us with guns and knives, a saw, some rope, etc., and we were off in no time

It actually worked very well. We lashed the cat to a tree on the edge of a meadow and waited. Within 30 minutes, we had killed a couple of big deer. "Now, aim behind the shoulder in the middle of the ribcage. You take the one on the left. Be very still, breathe slow, and even. Are you ready?"

"Ready."

"Ok, we're going to go 'one, two, three, bang,' just like that, on my count, got it?"

"Got it."

"Ok. One, two, three." Babang.

They dropped almost as one. Mine kicked a couple times and then fell still.

Mor turned to me, pulling my face into hers for a lusty kiss. This girl was excited. Chest heaving, eyes dilated, grinning madly.

"Good job, partner" Putting a hand on my arm.

"Thanks. I had a good coach."

After hauling the deer back to camp, cutting them up and putting them in the cooler, we headed for the beach. I raised the sail and took us out over the water. Eventually, we found some fish schooling close enough to shore for us to reach. The cat gets unstable over big waves. Mor tossed in a net and hauled in quite a few good-sized fish. There were many seals, but they were way out where we couldn't reach. We picked up lots of seaweed and headed for camp.

By the time we'd cleaned the fish and stored them and the seaweed in the cooler, it was barely midday.

Mor came out of the ship with a bottle of soap in her hand. "How about a bath and a swim in the river?"

"I thought you'd never ask." The stink of the deer and the fish were getting to me.

We walked down to the water and stripped our clothes off. At Mor's cue, we washed our clothes first and then ourselves.

Swimming with her was great. She swam like a fish, while I swam like, well, like someone who has no business being in moving water.

She taught me a lot that day. Before long, I swam against the current with confidence. I gained enough confidence to be nearly as playful as she. We wrestled, chased each other, raced and dove. A little clarification, here: I wrestled and chased Mor; she dunked and evaded me consistently. She let me catch up with her and helped me in diving.

One thing that I can say for us both, we laughed all afternoon. We played like children; like friends of many years.

"Let's get some napping in and head out at dark. It'll be much safer to travel under the cover of darkness." She said to me as we donned our clothing. "We can get in four or five hours and then move out."

"I think that sounds good. We can pack all of our goods into the ship and lock the door so we can both sleep at the same time. What do you think?"

"Yes. I'll arm the prox alarms so we won't have any surprises."

And that's exactly what we did. Once all was stowed and the alarms were armed, we pulled out two of the bunks in the cabin and laid down to rest.

I looked over at her and marveled at her, her physique, her skill, everything. And she seemed so good-natured on top of it all. The fact that I took advantage of her while she was unconscious was starting to weigh on me.

"Mor?"

"Yes, Breen."

"I want to tell you how sorry I am for abusing you while you were unconscious. It wasn't right."

"Breen, for one thing, I would've killed you and taken everything you owned. For another, I was trained from a young age to serve in all capacities as a domestic slave. Third, Mol Dett has owned and used me for at least two years. If I had known your nature back then, or answered the questions, you would not have needed to blast me the second time. I would have done you willingly. I would've done you good." She raised herself to one elbow and looked into my eyes. I believed her.

I rose and walked to her bunk and sat next to her.

"Let me do something for you. Let me do you good." Tracing her jaw, her neck, and her right breast with my fingers. "Please." I leaned in and bit her lightly on the neck. I took the sound of her sucking air to be approval. I continued to nibble and bite her body, descending to her belly. Opening her pants and pulling them down, I caught the scent of her loins, feeling a great surge in my own loins as I did. Pulling her pants completely off, I set to licking her 'nook'. Taking cues from her vocal sounds, breathing, and pelvic gyrations, I started gently, focusing on her hot spots. Within minutes, she was sopping wet and came in my mouth, squirting tangy fluid into my mouth. Then, a couple minutes later, she came again. Then again, and again. Each orgasm increased the volume of cum she shot into my mouth. After losing count of her orgasms, I kept working her, changing my approach slightly as we went along. Then, she just went nuts, bucking and flopping around. I had to hold on tight to keep from losing her and having her fall on the floor. Slowly she relaxed and then just went limp.

"Mor, are you ok?" Shaking her arm.

Swallowing with a dry mouth, she said, "Fuck." Another swallow. "Yeah, ok."

"Good." I went to the cooler, got a cold bottle of water, and poured some in a bowl. "Here, drink this."

Her eyes weren't pointing the same direction. She sat up with a little help and drank. Gulp, gulp, gulp, and it was empty.

"You want more?" I said as I was letting her back down.

"Later" Blinking her eyes hard, I think she was starting to focus again. Looking at me she reached up, hooked my neck with her hand, and said, "Kiss me."

Passionately, she pulled me to her. She thrust her tongue in my mouth and I replied, but it was gentle and slow this time, not like it was last night. Long, deep and tender, that kiss was. It seemed endless, but like all things, it ended. That kiss is one of the most pointed memories I have, to this day.

"Sleep, Mor. It's time you went to sleep." I brought the blanket from my bunk and covered her, kissing her cheek. I returned to my bunk and dozed contentedly, dreamlessly.

Please vote on this story and please send feedback. I would like to know what you think. 

Thank you, 

g.