 Hello all. This is my first story here. Hopefully I will grow as a writer from this. I hope you all love it. Sorry if there are any mistakes, I did not have an editor read over it. 

*****

"Move along! No dawdling!"

The guard prodded my back with the butt of his sword. Holding back a snarl, I continued walking closer and closer to the throne room of the king of Andolin. I had been sent with four others to assassinate the king and his court. Our contact had said that he would not be so heavily guarded.

We were mistaken. The traitor had sold us out. When we arrived in the woods surrounding the king's castle, we were ambushed. My companions managed to escape; I had not been so lucky. 

Once more, the guard's sword connected with the middle of my back, lurching me forward. Ahead, two guards pushed open the massive oaken doors. The guard and I passed through them. No sooner had we done so, did they close behind us. The guard grabbed my collar, pushing my head down and forcing me to walk straight ahead.

We stopped before a set of stairs. I looked up slightly, my view partially obscured by my blond bangs. I could only see the marble stairs, and a pair of brown leather boots at the top of them. "Kneel before your king!" The guard pushed me forcefully to my knees.

I slammed to the ground, bracing myself from falling flat on my face with my bound hands. The guard fell to kneel beside me. "You are dismissed. Leave the girl." I heard the guard shuffle to his feet before leaving the room. A few moments passed, yet I dared not lift my gaze. It would do me no good to have my head roll before I could complete my mission. 

"How many more of you are there?" The king's footsteps echoed in the empty room as he descended the stairs to stand before me. "Well? Speak." I raised my gaze slightly, taking notice of how his hand rested on the hilt of his ornate sword. No doubt he was a masterful swordsman.

He unsheathed his sword, placing the flat of the blade under my chin, forcing my gaze higher. "Are you mute, girl?" I could keep up this charade as long as necessary. As long as my companions were able to escape and complete their mission. I did not answer the king. "Well, then. It seems that you need some persuasion." He removed the sword from my throat, sheathing it. 

"Bring them in!"

The doors groaned as they were pushed open. My heart leapt in my throat as I heard the raised voices of my party. The guards forced them to kneel beside me. I flashed them all quick glances, hoping that it went unnoticed by the king. 

"They were found in my woods. Maybe you may recognize them?" My companions and I lowered our heads. It was over...our mission would end with our deaths, not his. "It is not a rare occurrence for an assassin to be sent after my head. Who sent you? Lord Hardin of Gend? Perhaps, Lord Walsh of Prym?" True to our training, we remained stoic, never answering him. 

"It is not matter. You will all die here and now. Kill this one first." He pointed his finger to the man on my left, a kind assassin named Gerard. The guards slung him forward, onto all fours. His bond hands trembled as a guard drew his sword, placing the sharp steel to the back of his neck. I made a mistake that day, many in fact, but this was the greatest.

I looked into Gerard's eyes. He stared back, pleading with me to help him. The guard raised the sword high above his head. The assassin clenched his eyes shut tightly. The guard swing down.

"NO!" I screamed, breaking the silence that hung over the room. The sword halted mere inches above his neck. The king watched me intently. "So she can speak. And such a lovely voice too." He walked closer to me. "Stand, girl." I obeyed his orders, pushing myself to my feet. 

His long fingers wrapped around my chin, forcing my gaze to his face. I gasped at his features. He was truly handsome, with straight raven hair and eyes as blue and deep as the sea. If only his core matched his pretty features. A smiled curled across his face, showing off his perfectly white teeth. "I have a proposition for you, girl. I will let your friends go. Unharmed. They will be allowed to leave Andolin and crawl back to wherever you came from."

My heart pounded against my chest. "And what is the catch, Your Majesty?" The title tasted vile in my mouth. He was not my king. He did not deserve any kindness. His smile seemed to grow.

"I will let them go...if you spend one night with me. One single night." Shouts resounded around us. Gerard and the other assassins were shouting at me not to accept. I clenched my fists before me. "Swear it...swear that they will not be harmed and that they will go free. Swear it...and I will accept..." I lowered my gaze, shame burning my entire body. 

The king let my chin go. "I swear it." He moved to his guards, shouting orders. The guards drug out the assassins one by one. Gerard fought the hardest, screaming curses at the tyrant ruler. I remained rooted to the spot, watching the ground, the weight of what I had just agreed to felt heavy upon me. 

"Do you have a name, girl?"

"Julianna...Your Majesty"

"Such a beautiful name, like its owner." He reached a hand out to stroke my cheek. "Send her to a guest room. Make sure she is fed and bathed." The king shouted at his guards. "I will see you tonight. Good day, Julianna."

He turned away from me, ascending the stairs back to his golden throne, as his guards roughly grabbed me. As I was led out of the throne room, I could have sworn I heard the king chuckle.

__________________________________________________

As the night grew nearer, my nerves grew worse. I stood alone in the guest room's balcony, listening to the night around me. A stray breeze whipped my unbound hair to the side. It wouldn't be long now before he called for me. I wrapped my arms around my chest, elevating my ample breasts against the robe I had been given. After I had been bathed roughly by unenthusiastic maids, I was only given the silken robe to wear, the rest of my clothes taken under the guise of them being laundered. 

A knock sounded behind me before a maid pushed the door open. I turned slightly to her. "His Majesty is ready for you, milady." I nodded, stepping away from the balcony. The maid held the door open for me and led me down the endless hallways towards the king's private chambers. My heart thumped loudly against my chest. It was amazing that the maid beside me couldn't hear it. 

We arrived at a set of wooden doors. "In here, milady." The maid motioned towards the doors, curtseying before taking a step back. She wanted me to walk into my own doom. I pushed the door open, closing it behind me. 

Before I could turn around to face the entirety of the room, a pair of pale hands landed on the door on both sides of me, trapping me. "Don't move..." The king's voice whispered into my ear. I unwillingly trembled before him, imagining all the ways he could harm me physically tonight. 

His fingers grazed up my arm, leaving a trail of goosebumps, towards my neck. He pushed aside my hair, baring my neck to himself. "Such lovely skin, Julianna...I will enjoy feeling it writhe underneath me." He pressed a kiss against the bare skin as his hands reached towards the collar of the robe. 

I wrapped my arms around my chest as he started to pull the cloth from me. "Did you forget our agreement, little one? Or do you not want to save your friends any longer?" He turned me around face to face with him. I met his azure eyes, feeling the heat of his gaze all over my body. He was nude from the waist up, only wearing an unlaced pair of trousers. A patch of black hair that matched the locks on his head moved to disappear below his waistband, where an obvious bulge had situated itself.

"I have not forgotten...Your Majesty. Please forgive me..." I lowered my arms to my sides, showing the bare swell of my chest and my bare shoulders. His fingers reached for the tie of the robe, undoing it with grace. Once again, his fingers reached for the collar of the robe, effectively pulling it from my body. 

He sucked in a breath, gazing at my flesh. I knew my body well enough to know which features his gaze would roam to first. He would start at my breasts, golden and firm, before moving to my toned stomach and hips. Lastly, his gaze would linger to my womanhood and legs. I shifted uncomfortably beneath his gaze, moving my hands to obscure his view of my most private areas.

A blush spread across my face. "Is this your first time, little one?" The king's cool fingers brushed against my burning cheek. I averted my gaze from his, confirming his suspicions. A smile appeared on his face.

"It's my lucky day isn't it?" He rested his hands on my hips, pulling me towards the center of the room. I turned my head, taking in the room finally. 

A large, four-post bed with black silk sheets sat to our side. To the other side was a lit fireplace and a large map of Andolin that hung above it. Two grand chairs sat before the fireplace, shadowing its flames from my sight. 

Behind the king was a set of glass doors. Most likely it was a balcony much like the one in the guest room. Most likely it was locked up tight, to prevent me from escaping if I should try to kill the king.

Kill the king...my mission...

It was a failure from the start. My thoughts drifted towards my friends. I wondered if they had already been set free, or if the king would set them free once he was finished with me. A chill settled over my body despite the warmth the fire provided to the room.

A finger tutted my chin. I shook thoughts from my head, watching the king's puzzled features. "I don't want you anywhere but here right now." His gaze slithered hungrily over my body. With a jerk, he pushed me towards the mantle. I let out a terrified squeal at his roughness. 

The king turned me to face the chairs before seating himself in one. "Get on your knees, little one. I have a job for you." He saw my hesitance. "I will not ask again. Get. On. Your. Knees." His voice was low and commanding. I did as I was told. 

I stared up at him with wide eyes, fearing what he would ask of me. "Show me how much you want to save your friends. Show me how much you value your freedom." My eyes widened. I've never been in this position before, but I had an idea of what he wished of me.

Leaning forward, I pulled back his trousers, exposing his stiff member. With shaky movements, I licked my lips, placing my hands on his thighs, before taking him into my mouth. A groan escaped his lips as I moved my head up and down his length. Gently, his hand came to rest on the back of my head, urging me onward. 

"That's it, little one. Fuck..." He breathed out, throwing his head back against the chair. I lifted my eyes to watch him, hoping that I would please him enough this night. A coiling heat seemed to ripple through my body as I moved faster and faster, taking him deeper into my mouth. 

His fingers curled tightly in my hair. He pressed on my skull, forcing me to take his cock deep into my throat. I dug my fingers into his thighs, trying to push away. His fingers released me, sending my sprawling back towards the fire. I gasped for breath, trying to ease the feeling of choking away from me. My eyes darted tearfully towards the king, whose own gaze seemed to mimic my own.

"Forgive me...I got too carried away." He replaced his still stiff cock into his trousers, moving closer to me. Instinctively, I tried to scramble away, but he was far faster than me.

With a swift movement, he lifted me into his arms, carrying me to the bed. I clung to his neck, trembling in fear of what I knew was going to come. The king laid me gently in his bed, amidst the mountain of pillows and covers. 

I propped myself up on my elbows to watch as he removed his trousers. I watched as he climbed onto the bed, making his way towards me like a predator stalking prey. "I promise to be gentle..." He placed a kiss to my forehead.

Then one to my cheek.

Then one to my neck. 

His fingers glided over my body, stopping at my core. I clenched my thighs closed, keeping him from reaching me. "Open them..." His fingers drew lazy circles around my thighs. 

"Do you fear me, Julianna?"

His voice sounded hurt as I gazed up at him. "I am not a monster, no matter what you may think. I only do what is necessary for my kingdom." The motion of his fingers halted against my skin. I sucked in a breath. "Open your legs, Julianna. I do not want to have to force you." My heart beat frantically against my rib cage. 

"You say you are not a monster, and yet you would force me to bed you..." The king's eyes raised at the sound of my own voice. "You came into my kingdom intent on killing me. If I were any other king, you would be dead by now." 

"And why am I not? Because I am a woman?"

"Because I find you captivating and want you for myself."

His fingers resumed their motions. "Give yourself to me, Julianna, if only for a night. Let me know what it would be like to have your love and I will set you free. But...I wish for you to remain here with me. Do not go back to the assassins..." His fingers trailed north, towards the large scar on my stomach.

A scar received by the Master of Assassins, the leader of our guild. I had been caught on my first mission, another careless mistake I had made. When I escaped and returned home, I was greeted with a dagger in my side. "Let this be a lesson to you. I will not tolerate another failure."

I never got caught again...until today.

"I can't...they'll kill me if I do..." I didn't know why I was telling him this. I didn't even know if he would truly care whether I lived or died. A slow stream of tears fell from the corners of my eyes. The king reached up his hand to wipe away the moisture.

"Stay with me, Julianna. Let me be your lover. You will never want for anything...This I swear." I turned my head away from the king, unable to meet his gaze. He turned my face with a fingertip. "Stay with me..." 

He lowered his lips to mine in a searing, passionate kiss. Hesitantly, his tongue touched my lips, begging for permission. I closed my eyes, allowing his tongue to penetrate my mouth. Never before had I been kissed like this. A fierce blush settled over my face and neck.

Gently, he trailed his kisses down my neck and towards my breasts. One hand reached up, cupping my right breast. He squeezed gently, his fingers moving to toy with my hardening nipples. "I swear to be gentle..." His lips wrapped around my other nipple, eliciting a slight hiss from me. I watched as he laved the skin; felt as he hardened once more against my thigh.

"Are you enjoying this, Julianna?" his hand dropped to graze my stomach. His lips followed suit, kissing another long trail. The heat of his breath seemed to sink through my skin, igniting the coiling from before. "Yes...Your Majesty..." 

"No formalities here, little one. I want you to call my name when I take you...not my title..." he murmured against my flesh. "Alexander..." His kisses stopped at the tops of my thighs. Alexander lifted his gaze to meet mine in silent question. 

I slowly opened my legs to his gaze. His breath hitched as he took in the sight of my untainted core. "Thank you, Julianna..." His kisses resumed, trailing towards my pink womanhood. Slowly, deliberately, he ran his tongue along my slit. I reached a hand down to his head, clenching my legs around him.

A deep chuckle rumbled against my skin. He reached his hand up to push my legs apart as his tongue continued its assault. The coiling from before tightened in my lower abdomen. "Alexander...?" I breathed, tightening my fingers in his hair. 

"Come for me. I want to taste you." He slipped one finger into my virgin hole, pumping it in and out in time with his tongue. I let out a moan, tightening my fingers in his hair as I felt my pleasure cresting. Alexander groaned against my pussy, sending me over the edge.

Erupting like a broken dam, my release sent me screaming. He continued to lick until the tremors settled from my body. Slowly, he made his way back up my body, pressing a searing kiss against my mouth. "Give yourself to me...fully." He situated his body between my legs, pressing his cock to my entrance. 

I pushed my legs apart as far as I can, bashfully watching his face. He kissed me deeply as he lowered his body onto mine. I wrapped my arms around his torso, digging my nails into the flesh of his back at the pain. 

"Shh..." He cooed against my lips. "Just relax." I took a shuddering breath as he finally broke through my internal wall. He remained still, allowing time for me to adjust to the feeling of having my virgin hole filled for the first time. I could feel his cock pulsing inside of me, twitching in expectation.

With a torturous pace, Alexander pumped himself in and out of me. The pain I had felt at first began to melt into pleasure. The familiar tightness in my stomach had returned. I reached my face up, pressing a hesitant kiss against his lips.

"You are so beautiful..." He kissed me back passionately. His pace increased. I lowered my hands to reach for his hips, urging him to go deeper. My body felt molten, like it was an extension of his own. 

Alexander increased his pace, pushing deeper and harder than he had before. His breathing started to become laboured, much like my own. I called out his name, digging my nails into the skin of his hips. He groaned against my neck, placing kisses along the skin there. I felt my orgasm approach its peak. I called out his name once more.

"I'm going to come...Julianna...Please..."

I nodded my head. His thrusts got the most forceful as his orgasm ripped through him. His hand reached down to play with my clit as he continued to thrust. I orgasmed around his cock, screaming out his name. 

My body felt weak, like I had just gone for a long run. The king laid his body down next to mine, his hand reaching down to rub his seed into my skin. "Stay with me." And I knew I would. No matter what had happened...before or after...I could not return. 

"Yes. I will." I kissed the top of his head gently, watching him smile. "I thank you, my queen." I blinked in surprise. "I want you to be my queen. Never have I met someone who makes me feel this way. Stay with me...rule with me...love me..." 

He pressed a kiss against my lips and I knew what I would choose.