 It is after dark. Mor has donned her pants and begun stowing supplies in their places, letting Breen sleep in the meantime. Turning the cabin lights on, Mor starts to check fasteners on doors and such. Breen awakes and watches her move about the cabin. Mor spies him spying on her…

"Well, pilot, so good to have you back." Again, she flashes that smile.

"Well, it's nice to be back. Dark out?"

"Yes. It has been for some time. Are you ready to fly us out of here?"

"Well, I've never been readier." Sitting up and stretching, I was actually very apprehensive about the whole flying thing. I had flown before, but this ship was much more advanced than what I was used to.

"Do you know anything about the controls that could save us some time?" I was trying to put it delicately, hoping she wouldn't think I was an ignorant fool, trying not to lose face. By the way, if you haven't figured it by now, that's exactly what I was: a fool.

"I was never allowed to witness Mol Dett operating the controls. I was kept bound and hooded during all travel. This will be the first time I will get to sit at the console during flight."

"Shit."

"What?"

"Oh, nothing."

"You said 'shit'."

"I said 'shit'?"

"You said 'shit'."

"I said 'shit'." To be honest, I couldn't successfully lie to a tree.

"Why did you say 'shit'?"

"Mor," sigh, "I have flown before, but this thing is way different from anything I've ever seen before. I'm not sure I can fly it. I'm afraid I don't know what I'm doing. Are you mad?"

"Breen, being angry won't get us out of here. We will carefully figure out how to get this ship off the ground and we will travel south." Smiling her reassurance, she continued with hatches.

Ok, you big goon, I told myself as I sat at the main control console, you're going to get smart on flying this thing, and you're going to do it fast.

A lot of the symbols were foreign to me, but some were familiar. With time, and Mor's encouragement, we got the bird up above the trees and headed in a southern direction. We were doing quite well and I was feeling much more comfortable with the controls. After a couple of hours, I began a little experimentation with the controls. Things were going quite well. Mor mentioned that we were doing just fine and that experimentation might get us into trouble. I passed it off. I flipped a little blue switch. Both of our heads snapped back as the ship kicked into super speed. I don't know how fast it was, but it was fast. After a minute or five, the ship reached top speed and I made my way back to the console and flipped the switch the other way. The impact of my face on the console was excruciating, though I made sure to see if Mor had seen me hit before I winced and tried to suck up the pain. She hadn't seen it, but she didn't need to.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow." I whined as I poorly attempted to regain my composure.

"Are you all right?" She asked, concerned, and, I noticed, fully recomposed.

"Oh yeah, I'm fine." I lied poorly.

"Breen?"

"Yeah?"

"No more buttons."

"No more buttons. Right. Do you have any idea where we are?"

"No. Let us slow down and find us a place to spend the day. While we are doing that, I will check the maps and try to figure out where we ended up. And let me just say no buttons, I'm unbuckling and do not wish to die bouncing around inside this ship." She quickly unbuckled, grabbed the maps, sat down and buckled up. There was obviously a little doubt in my abilities now.

An hour or so later, we recognized a peninsula and group of islands matching one of the maps and decided to camp on the most remote. And, I might proudly add, our approach and landing were eventless but for the slightly hard impact of the actual landing.


"You know, Breen, once I get my ass back into joint after that crash landing, I will seriously consider pleasuring you for getting us here in one piece." She kept a straight face for quite a while. When she couldn't stand it any more, she erupted into laughter, unbuckled and came over and sat in my lap. Running her fingers through my hair while tears of laughter still coursed down her cheeks, she kissed my forehead.

"Does your ass really hurt?" I asked.

"No, of course not. Well, certainly not as much as your face, though my neck is a little sore after the blue button incident." Fresh peals of laughter rung out after that one.

In all truth, I did get a little bruised from the landing. I think the chair was a little worn out. In my opinion, it could've used a little reupholstery.

"Now do me a favor." She asked when she caught her breath.

"Of course."

"Very carefully pull us off the beach and into the trees so we're a little better concealed."

The trees were kind of sparse, so it'd be easy to get us in there. Mor was absolutely right, we needed whatever cover we could get. You never knew who you might bump into, especially in foreign territory.

Shortly, dawn broke and Mor put the deerskins out to dry and suggested we sleep for a while. After arming the proxes, we ate a little and tidied up. We chatted and pulled out our bunks. While I had been fixing the linens on my bunk, Mor had disrobed until she only wore her undershirt. Lying on her right side, head propped up on her arm was what I saw when I turned around and sat on my bunk.

Fortunately, before I could think of anything stupid to say, she spoke up.

"I don't know about you, but I'm not all that tired. What do you think about some exercise before we lay down?"

"Sounds good to me." I said, trying to hide my instantly dry mouth.

She hopped up and came over to me, kissing me, putting her left arm around my shoulders, her left foot on the bunk beside me, and her right hand on my cock. Kissing me with an obvious agenda, I warmed up immediately and brought my left hand to her neck, my right to her crotch.

She straightened, peeled her shirt off and flung it to the floor. I yanked my clothes off as well.

"Sit." She told me, and I did. Stepping up and standing on the bunk, her sex was at a good height for me to tongue. For a minute, she let me, and then squatted down until our now wet genitals were touching. It took a very long time to get my cock inside her. She was tighter than before. I think she had been relaxed by the wave blast the last time I fucked her. Finally, she started sliding down. The look on her face, you should've seen it. Her eyes were half closed and she looked crazed. Starting to bounce, she began to slip and slide on my shaft. She bit my neck hard.

"I want to feel you coming. I want to feel your cum inside me."

I held her head in both hands and began to buck against her.

"Ooh, careful. That's a little too deep."

"I'm sorry." I softly kissed her lips and decided to let her do all the moving. "I want you to make me come." I said looking deep into her eyes. She was losing her focus; I could see it. I kept my left hand on her neck and my right arm around her body. She was sliding all the way up to the tip of my cock and down more than half way to the base. The orgasm began to well up in me and I was sweating, panting. I was losing control.

"I'm going to come." I managed to pant out.

"Come." She moaned back.

Then I started to come.

"Oh, I feel it, I feel it" She kept repeating. Then, she just said, "Oh." And I felt her cunt squeezing me as the last spasms of my orgasm racked my body and the first spasms of hers racked her. I held on to her tight, feeling her cum start running down my cock and legs, mixing with my own. We kissed, biting each other's lips, gasping for air as her orgasm ran its course.

She slowed and relaxed, changing from a squat to putting weight on one knee to keep her from being impaled. As my erection waned, she allowed herself to revert to a squat and descend lower until her ass rested on my thighs.

"Come on, stand up with me." I told her. With a little difficulty, we stood and then made our way to the floor. I lay on my back with Mor's completely relaxed body on mine. We rested like this for quite a while. Slowly, Mor started squeezing me again and sliding up and down my shaft until I was hard again. She fucked me until her cum was running down my cock and loins again. My ass was in a puddle of cum. Shortly, she collapsed again and proceeded to snore very lightly. I let her sleep.

Please vote on this story and please send feedback. I would like to know what you think. 

Thank you, 

g. 