 Evening descends on Kella’s compound. Our newly freed heroine and her companion are being roused to dine with Kella…

“Yes, I am awake. Tell me, where can I wash?” Mor asked, blinking and stretching.

“Behind the red tapestry,” The boy gestured across the room, “you will find all you need. Dinner is expected in an hour. The bells will ring one-quarter hour before. May I bring you refreshment now?”

“Yes, please. A pitcher of fresh water.” Mor stood and stretched some more.

“And for you, sir?”

“Nothing, thank you.” I began to stretch.

“Very well.” And off he went.

“Come along.” Mor kicked my leg. “We’ve just enough time to wash before the meal.”

“You go ahead. I’ll wash my hands and face later.”

“I said, time to wash.” She said, pulling me to my feet.

“Ok, I’m coming. We’ve got an hour, you know.”

“Yes. We have an hour.” This time, emphasizing ‘hour,’ and giving me a raised eyebrow look.

“Oooooh. Yes. Let’s wash.” What a thickheaded ass I was.

The washroom was huge. To the right, a large stone bath stood in the middle of the room, while beyond was a large shower. Along the left wall were two washbasins and a toilet. In front of those sat a long table with toiletries and accessories such as combs and brushes. On the far wall hung towels and a couple of tunics like Kella and his men wore.

Mor tossed her clothes on the table and sat on the toilet with a ‘poot.’

I snickered.

“Oh, be quiet. You have an asshole, too.”

I snickered again.

“How childlike.”

“I’m sorry.” I did feel stupid and immature, but it was funny. Maybe because it was so awkward.

I opened the valves on the shower and waited until the water heated up, adjusted the temperature and took my clothes off. Mor walked over and got under the streams of water. Watching her scrub her body and stretch in the hot water, I grabbed a bottle of soap and squirted some in my hand. I lathered her back and worked on massaging her muscles as I washed her. She put her hands on the wall to steady herself and leaned there, absorbing the attention. I washed her flanks, under her arms, outer and inner thighs. I put more soap in my hands and washed her crotch. Working my soapy hands and arms back and forth, I paid special attention to her nub. Adding soap, I continued. I felt her asshole tighten and then a jet of hot liquid in my hand as I stroked. As she started coming in my hand, I picked up the pace. Her head drooped and her chest heaved. I put my other arm around her belly, lest she slip or fall. This also allowed me to rub my soapy cock on her leg. Her body relaxed, so I relaxed my attack on her cunt and rubbed her back and side until she brought her head back up.

“You ok?”

“Yes.”

“Here, let me wash your front and then you can go sit down.” I said as I put soap in my hand and washed her neck, shoulders, belly, and the parts of her legs that I missed before. She washed her hair and face and rinsed.

When I started to lather myself, she took the soap from me and washed me from head to toe in the front and then the back. She turned me back around and soaped up my cock. She knelt down and washed me real good. Before I knew it, I was there. Mor put her one arm around my back while her other hand worked my soapy cock. Then I came. If she hadn’t held on to me, I would’ve fallen.

Washing her body and bringing her through those orgasms made me extremely hot. Her washing me and bringing me off made me delirious. She helped me get down to my knees. Kneeling in the shower, I let the water run over my body while blood starting returning to my head.

“Is that the bells?” She whispered, craning her neck and straining to hear. “It is. Let’s get dried off and go eat.”

I finished rinsing and we both toweled off and donned our tunics.

The water Mor asked for was on the long table. Neither of us saw or heard the attendant return. He waited outside the door for us and led us to the dining room.

As we entered, Kella and his two other guests arose from their seats.

“Ah, Mor and Breen, please allow me to introduce you to my head engineers, Calto Minn and Rell Davies. Both of which are excited to examine your sprint fighter.”

We exchanged wrist shakes and greetings and took our places at the table.

Dinner was a variety of wild meats served with vegetables and various sauces, including a salty vinegar sauce just like the one Mor made. We finished with wine, cheeses, and succulent fresh fruits. The conversation was mostly between Mor and Kella.

After the delicious meal, we went out to the sprint fighter. God, but that had a great ring to it. Sprint fighter. Yes, that’s right, I am Captain Baldo Rheen, Sprint Fighter Pilot. Off in my fantasy, I totally missed what Calto was trying to tell me.

“I’m sorry, could you start over, I didn’t quite get that.”

“Sure. I said that this ship has two different propulsion systems. Land and space. For normal land travel, you do not need to store fuel.”

“What does it use for fuel? And where do I put it in?”

“It uses air. It is automatically induced when in normal travel, and sucked in by the engine when standing idle. The engine automatically separates and pressurizes the oxygen, hydrogen, and nitrogen from the air to liquid form and exhausts the waste gases to atmosphere. In preparation for high speed or space flight, you need to store fuel in tanks. All you need to do is…” Calto went through a series of changes to the control settings. I didn’t get all he said, but I gathered enough to successfully pull it off. I also learned about the blue button I pushed the other day. It was to switch some kind of after burner on and off. What was really helpful was learning that it had a throttling control. Next time, I would activate the burners at 0% throttle and turn it up gradually, thereby saving us from whiplash and disfigurement from bouncing off things. I rubbed the still-sore side of my face through Calto’s explanation.

Meanwhile, Kella was going through the ship’s documentation with Mor and Rell. I was going to get a primer after I learned how to read and speak the language. I overheard Kella explaining the use of a camouflage system built into the ship. I missed the tech part, but it seems that a field can be set up around the ship. It has some kind of a harmonic effect on the light being reflected off the ship, so that the ship has no visible edges. It supposedly looks kind of ghostlike and foggy, blending in with what’s behind it. Kella said the effect was similar to a mirage, though substantially more subtle and complex. At night, the ship would be invisible, by day, a mere cloud scudding across the sky at supersonic speeds. The field around the ship also acted to reduce drag on the ship, creating some kind of envelope. Long story short, no bugs on the windshield.

After plenty of education, Kella suggested some more wine before bed. He thought we should get lots of rest as we were going to town to visit the great market there.

Rell and Calto each embraced Kella before embracing Mor and giving me the wrist. They both retired to bed, saying their goodnights.

“Tomorrow, I want to show you something special. When we return from the market, you will see my newest ship. If we can replicate it, it will prove that we have no real competition in this region. This could be a breakthrough that insures our prosperity for years to come. I have all of my best engineers, designers, and mechanics working on the project, headed by Calto and Rell. I am very excited. Let me get some special wine to celebrate.”

With a bow, Kella disappeared in the direction of the kitchen. Mor turned to me and put a hand on my shoulder. She leaned in and kissed me. Looking me deep in the eyes, her left hand strayed to my cock.

“I want you to fuck me.” She said, matter-of-factly, but with intent.

Trying to ignore the butterflies in my belly, I croaked, “Oh, really?”

Now with a grip on my cock, “Really.”

Kella walked in at that moment and stopped. “Should I leave you two alone?”

“No, of course not. I only told Breen of my desire to have him fuck me with his fat root.”

“You alluded to that earlier. You called him a tripod, if I am not mistaken.”

“I did. Look for yourself.” With that, she lifted my tunic and put her mouth to the end of my cock. I stiffened rapidly, even though I was taken aback by the forward and unexpected display.

“Indeed, you have quite the root, my friend.” Kella looked as though he really admired it, raised eyebrows and all.

Mor stood erect. “I told you.” She said, with a proud air.

“I am quite the believer. Let us put that away and enjoy this wine before I feel the need to do something with that, myself.” He walked to the table and set three stout bottles on it, opened one, and poured three glasses.

I lowered my tunic and tried to act as though none of this ever happened.

“Here, Breen, you look as though a drink would do you well.” Offering me a glass.

“Yeah, thanks.” I tossed half the glass in one pull. It was a delicious vintage.

We toasted and talked briefly, and then Kella excused himself.

“Calto and Rell are likely wondering what keeps me so long. I must to bed before they become upset. Goodnight, my friends. Eat, drink, and be at home. Pleasant dreams” He embraced us both and was gone.

Mor and I continued to drink wine until late. We stumbled to the ship with the third bottle of wine and set to kissing and groping each other drunkenly, working hard at keeping our balance. Each of us taking a long pull from the bottle, we then stripped naked. Mor dropped to her knees and sucked on the head of my cock. I stiffened, but only half hard; too much wine.

“Lay back.” I told her.

As she lay down on the floor, I positioned myself and slid in cautiously. The sensations I felt were amazing, especially considering the wine. I started stroking in and out of her, slowly and gently. Slick and hot, she was, moaning softly with each stroke. As our passion increased, I rested my weight lightly on her body. Stroking and sliding in and out, my cock hardened to its full size as I neared orgasm. I was panting and sweating, trying to maintain control, keeping a slow rhythm. It was a losing battle; I was going to come.

“Kiss me while I come.” I managed to say.

She pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply, moaning and whimpering as I continued to fuck her, my orgasm building momentum. As I came, she clamped me tightly between her thighs and held me tighter. I could feel her stiffen and begin the spasms of orgasm. Squirting cum in her as she squirted cum on my cock drove me crazy. After our long orgasms subsided, we lay together, unmoving.

Almost simultaneously, we both felt the call of nature. Getting up and stumbling outside, we pissed in the sands of the courtyard, laughing back and forth. I went back into the ship, pulled the little mattresses off the bunks, and put them together on the floor, laying our covers over them just as Mor returned.

“Come and sleep with me, Mor.” I put out my hand.

“Of course.” She said, as she shut the door and stumbled toward me.

“Sleep inside me.” She said, between kisses.

“Of course.” I replied.

We laid down and covered ourselves. Lying on our sides, her back to my belly, Mor reached for my cock and slid me in, squeezing me as she closed her thighs. I pressed my hips against her ass and let out a long sigh. I kissed her shoulder and sighed again.

“Sweet dreams.” I said.

“To you, as well.” Pushing her back into my chest.

We fell asleep immediately.

Please vote on this story and please send feedback. I would like to know what you think.

Thank you,

g.