 This is a continuous story. In order to understand it fully it is best to read it in its entirety, starting with Chapter 01.

The story so far: Josh had been doing research at the UT Medical in Galveston to perfect a cloning technique that would allow the transfer of the human consciousness into a cloned but not sentient body, effectively just a human shell. An attack on the lab destroyed all the work and killed the lead scientist. Josh knowing everything that was required to duplicate this research kept it a secret and did it in his home. Josh had produced 5 clones, 3 males and 2 females. Using these clones he would fulfill all his sexual fantasies.

Chapter 07 - First Encounter as a Female

Josh slowly began to wake up. He removed the mask that had administered the anesthetic and rubbed his face.

After a few minutes Josh looked at his hands. They looked small and delicate, feminine. Becoming more alert, he then looked down.

He began to laugh. "I have really nice tits."

Josh explored the rest of his body. Noting how the body felt different but the sensations were the same, the brush of skin on skin, the sensitivity of the nipples.

He ran his hands over and past his size C breast and on to his stomach. Josh worked his way down past his bellybutton and onto a hairy bush. "I am definitely going to have to shave that." Preferring the smooth bald mounds of the women he had been with before.

As Josh ran his hands over his genitals, he found himself starting to get aroused. It was a strange sensation for him. As a man it would be in the form of an erection. The closest thing comparable to describing it would be, like making a muscle with your arm and holding it there.

In a woman's body, it was a little similar but more internal. He could feel his body began producing the lubricants as he continued to rub his new genitalia.

"ohhhh..." Josh said in a voice he was not familiar with. He had found his G-Spot. Josh laughed. "So that's why they arched their backs when ever I hit it." He mumbled to himself.

After getting out of the chamber, Josh spent the next few hours walking around and getting use to his new body, familiarizing himself with the dimensions. He also spent a considerable amount of time in front of the mirror. Josh admired the perfect form and flawless beauty of the half Asian half White body. He checked out his five foot seven inch, naturally tanned frame. He would alternated between looking at the front with his perfect size C breast, flat stomach and long sexy legs to his back with long dark hair, nicely curved back and an incredible ass.

Josh had decided to call this body Mia. He had always liked the name. To him it was exotic and the two other girls he had known with that name had both been very sexy.

Josh looked at the sink counter in his bathroom covered with feminine products. He had purchased them before he had transferred into the Mia body. He had left the store with several bags of products he knew he would need and twice that of things he thought he might need. Picking his way through an assortment of lotions, deodorants, and various other feminine hygiene products Josh found what he was looking for.

"Owe...Fuck!!! That hurts" Exclaimed Josh as he ripped the piece of wax off his body. "I can't believe I got to do this every few weeks." After some research on the internet Josh had decided to wax instead of shave. While according to the articles he had read it would last longer, he wasn't fully prepared for the pain. Josh soldiered on, applying the wax to his legs, underarms, bikini line and anywhere else there was hair.

When Josh was finished torturing himself, he put on some deodorant and applied some nice smelling lotion. Although he was a little red, Josh starred at his sexy naked body in the mirror. With the exception of his head and arms there was no hair. He had also waxed his pubic hairs leaving only a small strip at the top. After admiring himself in the mirror for a few more minutes it was time to go to sleep. He had a big day tomorrow and knew he would need rest. Tomorrow he was going shopping for clothes.

Josh opened the passenger side door to his car and tossed in half a dozen large bags filled with clothes and accessories, he had already filled up the trunk. Looking at his watch it said five PM. "Jeezus." Josh had arrived at the mall at ten AM. He had been shopping for seven hours. He had spent several thousand dollars on everything from shorts and blues jeans to mini skirts and dresses. As well as all the accessories that goes with them. He had purchased make-up and spent over an hour having the girl behind the counter teach him to apply it. Josh had also spent a small fortune in the lingerie store buying everything he liked as a guy. Another hour spent at the hair salon choosing a hair style and then being taught how to duplicate it at home. He bought brushes, blow-dryers, necklaces, ear rings, shoes, the list was endless.

Josh dropped onto his sofa exhausted. The floor littered with bags from every manner of store. Satisfied he had everything he would or could possibly need. "Damn. I am going to have to go through all this again with the Allison clone." Remembering the little blonde clone he had made as well.

Josh forced himself off the Sofa and headed to the bathroom. On his way he grabbed a vibrator he had bought. He wanted to get started tomorrow and decided he didn't want his first sexual experience as a female to be painful. Josh had decided he would pop his own cherry.

Josh stripped off his clothes and stepped into the warm shower. He enjoyed the sensation of the water running down his smooth body. He was already aroused at the thought of what he was about to do. Taking the clear colored dildo, he placed it at the entrance of his virgin pussy. He rubbed it up and down, feeling it slide around easier and easier as the dildo became coated with his own fluid.

Josh pushed the head of the dildo at the entrance. Applying more and more pressure until the tip went in. "Ouch!" He exclaimed, removing the dildo. As he looked down and saw some blood running down the side of his legs.

Rinsing off the blood, he then reinserted the dildo and began to get himself off. He enjoyed the feeling of sliding it in and out. Watching as the small piece of acrylic would disappear inside him.

Josh repositioned the shower head so that it pointed straight down. He then sat down leaning against the back of the tub. His left knee bent and his right leg propped up on the side of the tub, he began to masturbate.

Using his right hand to hold the dildo, he closed his eyes and began touching his breast with his left. The feeling of his soft slick wet skin in contrast to his hard nipples was heaven. Josh rolled his nipples between his fingers and then tweaked them. It was pleasure spiked with pain.

Josh felt his body heat up, the feelings of ecstasy becoming more intense. As he felt his orgasm began to build, he began thrusting harder and faster, squeezing his breast harder.

"Oh god!!!" Squealed Josh, as he started having his first orgasm as a woman. His body tensed, his back arched and he forced the dildo deep inside him. Holding it there until the orgasm was finished. It was amazing, the build up and release was the same as when he was a man, but the intensity and length of the orgasm was far greater.

After Josh had left the shower and dried himself off, he went straight to bed, completely exhausted between the shopping and getting himself off.

Josh woke up refreshed. He had slept the whole morning and the first couple of hours into the afternoon. He was a new man. Well woman. Tonight he was going out on the town, looking for a guy to give him his first sexual experience as a woman.

Josh spent the day figuring out what to wear. He had ultimately decided on a short black miniskirt, black low-cut skin tight tank top, thong, bra and high heels, simple and sexy.

Learning how to walk in the high heels was not so simple. Nearly breaking his neck a couple of times he was beginning to get the hang of it. Walking back and forth across the living room, he had to put all his concentration on walking. Laughing when he passed a mirror and saw how the heels made his ass stick out. Josh enjoyed himself.

Josh pulled up to the valet parking of the night club. It was one of the new trendy places that had just opened up featuring both a lounge and a dance area. Josh looked in the mirror to make sure his hair, make-up and lipstick was still good. Spending over an hour at home duplicating everything the girl at the make-up counter had told him.

The car door was opened by one of the valet guys. Still not use to being a girl he lacked some of the tricks girls used to keep a little modesty, even when dressed like he was. Josh placed his left leg out the door while his right leg was still inside. With his miniskirt this gave the valet guy an easy view up his skirt and at his black panties. Catching the obvious stare, Josh as Mia just smiled and got the rest of the way out. As he passed the valet guy he couldn't resist.

"Did you like the peak?" He said in a flirtatious voice.

The valet guy, unsure of how to react, just said "miss," and got into the car.

The line to night club was long. About fifty people waited behind red velvet ropes for the bouncer to pass them in. As Josh started walking past the entrance to the back of the line, the bouncer got his attention.

"Hey sexy, you can go straight in." Parting the ropes so Josh could get in.

"Thank you." Replied Josh, winking at the bouncer as he passed by.

Josh walked in to the club and was immediately hit with the boom...boom...boom... of the base. The music thumping and the lights dancing around the room, he made his way towards the bar. Josh squeezed in to the overly crowded bar. The bartender came straight over, passing several people waving money, who had clearly been there before him.

"What can I get you?" Asked the bartender.

Josh liked the attention he was getting as Mia. Feeling flirtatious, Josh leaned over on the counter, giving the bartender an excellent view of his cleavage. "Martini. Straight up, with a twist."

The bartender smiled at the obvious flirtation. "Straight up, with a twist." Leaving to go make the drink.

The bartender returned and placed the drink in front of him. "That will be twenty-five dollars."

A voice to Josh's right jumped in before he could pull out his credit card. "I got this honey."

A young good looking guy about the same age as his Mia clone, twenty-one or twenty-two, quickly handed the bartender a hundred.

Josh grabbed his drink. "Thank you." Kissing the guy on the cheek. Josh walked off, not wanting to pick up the first person to buy him a drink. He wasn't going to be that easy. Well... yes he was, but he still wanted to enjoy the night. Josh was already starting to see the benefits of being a female and was enjoying them. He liked the attention and the rush to please. These were all things he would do when he went to the clubs as a male.

Josh stood off to the side of the dance floor and watched as a couple hundred people danced and moved to the rhythm of the music. He saw hands rubbing over bodies and pelvis grinding pelvis. The strobe lights kicked in and made everyone look like they were moving in slow motion.

Josh then saw a small stage, about four feet tall, five feet wide and twelve feet long with a couple of the more adventurous girls dancing on top. There were a handful of guys at the bottom watching the girls and trying to get a peak up their dresses.

Josh gave a wicked grin. "Why not." And headed for the stage. Unable to find a ladder or steps, a couple of guys quickly volunteered to help him up. A couple of hands around his waist and one unnecessarily on his ass, he was placed upon the stage.

Realizing he was actually dancing on a huge bass cabinet. Josh enjoyed the feeling of the vibrations running up his legs, between his legs and all over his body. Dancing to the hard beat, Josh looked down at the crowd of guy who had appeared below him. Watching and listening as they cheered and made cat call. The cheering would get even louder when Josh would turn around bend his knees a little and give them an unobstructed view of Mia's thong covered ass. Or run his hands over the length of his body in the most seductive way. Josh danced.

After an hour of dancing on the stage Josh was helped down. Several disappointed guys shouting their protest. As he walked to the back of the crowd, he noticed a guy standing alone. There was nothing overly remarkable about him. He wasn't nearly as sexy as his male clones. The guy was about five foot nine, dirty blonde hair and thin. It looked like he had just gotten off work, wearing khaki Dockers and a white button up shirt. He was just an average guy hoping to get lucky but almost always going home alone.

"This is going to be your luck night." Josh whispered to himself.

Josh walked up to the guy. "Hello." Said Josh with an easy smile.

Josh laughed as the guy looked to his right then left to make sure it was him that this gorgeous girl was talking to.

"Hello." Said the uncertain guy, clearly not use to girls approaching him, much less girls who looked like Mia.

"My name is Mia."

"Daniel." Replied the guy shaking Mia's hand.

Seeing that Mia was without a drink. "Can I buy you a drink?" Asked Daniel.

"I would love one. Martini. Straight up with a twist."

"Straight up with a twist. Got it. I'll be right back."

Josh laughed. Every time he said that, the guy would always repeat the straight up with a twist part, leaving out the martini.

Daniel had returned after about ten minutes. Josh had already shooed away four guys who had tried to come up to him and talk.

"Here you go." Said Daniel handing Mia the drink.

Josh and Daniel talked for nearly an hour. Daniel complimenting Josh on his outfit and asking the standard "do you come here often," questions. Josh learning that he indeed did just get off work and he was an IT specialist for a computer company. He was just enjoying a couple of drinks after work.

"Would you like to go out sometime? Maybe get some coffee or dinner?"

This is not what Josh was looking for. He didn't want a relationship. He wanted to be fucked. "No thank you. But I would like to go get a hotel room with you and have sex."

Daniel dropped his glass, literally. This was so far out of his range of personal experience; he just sat there for a full minute waiting for the punch line. When none was forth coming, he stammered. "OK. We can do that instead."

Josh and Daniel walked out of the club together and got in their own cars. They headed to the first hotel they found, only a few blocks from the night club. Daniel paid for the room and they both went upstairs.

As soon as they got through the door Daniel was all over Mia. He kissed her and rubbed his hands all over her body. He felt hands on his beast, then his waist and finally on his ass. Josh went with it and let Daniel control the pace.

Josh returned the kiss, rubbing his hands all over Daniel's body including the very noticeable bulge in his pants.

Pulling away from Mia's lips a little. "This kind of stuff never happens to me. I mean I'm no virgin or anything, but, I never go home with girls that look like you."

Josh quickly undid Daniels jeans and pulled them a few inches down. Reaching inside his boxers he grabbed his cock. He did this for two reasons, one to know how big it was and second, so Daniel knew exactly how far this was going to go. It felt nice, smooth and warm and very hard. About seven inches and thick, it was a nice size specimen. "Well mow you have."

After several minutes of fondling each other, Daniel walked Mia over to the bed. It took him a few tries to get the bra off. Daniel then lifted Mia's shirt over her head and watched as Mia took off her bra.

Josh smiled as he saw Daniel's expression when his breasts were finally exposed. His eyes grew wide, like a kid in a candy store. "Touch me." Moaned Josh.

Daniel grabbed for his new toy. Placing a hand on her breast he began to squeeze and message it. He placed his mouth on her other breast and started sucking. Nibbling on her nipple, they became very hard. While Daniel rubbed, sucked and licked, his other hand wandered down Mia's side, past her ass, to the hemline of her skirt and then underneath. He hiked up her skirt when he straightened his arm.

Josh had a mouth on one tit, a hand on the other and a hand on his ass. It was completely different than when he was a guy having sex with another guy. He could feel his body getting hotter and hotter, the impulses strong and the urge to satisfy those impulses even stronger. Josh felt the hand on his ass work its way lower, to the bottom of his ass and then underneath. He spread his legs a little to give Daniel easier access. Feeling the heat and the wetness when he moved, he knew his panties were drenched. "Oh God Daniel...Your making me so wet." Josh felt Daniel's hand slide underneath the string in the back and begin to rub his pussy. At the awkward angle he was unable to get to the clit. Josh began to unconsciously move his hips back and fourth. Suddenly he felt a finger go inside him. Then a second finger followed quickly. Josh had a finger inside him for the first time that wasn't his own. "That feels so good." Said Josh between moans.

Josh pushed Daniel back when he thought he was close to having an orgasm. Seeing the confused look on Daniel's face he said, "Your turn." Josh took off the rest of his clothes. He was standing completely naked in the perfect form that was Mia. He then proceeded to take off Daniels shirt. When that was on the floor, he got on his knees and slid off Daniel's already unfastened jeans and boxers.

Josh ran his left hand across Daniel's stomach. With his right hand he grabbed the seven inches of flesh and began to stroke it. Josh licked the entire length of the shaft. From the bottom all the way to the head and back down again. Going to Daniel's balls were he began to use his tongue to play with them. Sucking one of the balls into his mouth he would pull back a little, allowing it to fall out.

"Let me know when you are close to coming." Said Josh, taking Daniel's cock into his mouth. Josh began the blowjob by taking three inches into his mouth and using his hand on the lower half, coating it with his saliva.

Josh began stuck out his tongue, taking a little more in until the head of the cock was at the back of his throat. Then he stuck out his tongue a little more and pulled it back in along with more cock. Josh sat there for a moment getting use to the sensation. This was a little different from the first time he had a guy's cock in his mouth, since this was a different body with a different cock in its mouth.

As Josh became more comfortable, he inched his way down. Five, six and then all seven inches was in his mouth, three and a half inches of which was imbedded in his throat. All the way in, then out and then in again, Josh gave, what he was sure to be, the best blowjob Daniel had ever had.

Remembering how his mother had spoke to him and how much of a turn on it was, Josh took the cock out of his mouth. "Daniel. Grab my head with both hands and fuck my face. I want you to drive it down my throat. Do to me what you have always wanted to do to a girl but were afraid to try."

Daniel was incredibly turned on, both by what he was getting and now by what he was hearing. Following Mia's instructions he grabbed both sides of her head and pushed hard, forcing his cock down this beautiful girl's throat. He smeared her lipstick with an erection harder than he ever remembered having. Over and over he drove his cock in with force. He watched her for any sign that he was being to rough. She showed none.
