 "Annabelle?"

I looked up from my work already knowing who it was. My father stood in front of my desk with a soft smile dressed to the tee as always. He wanted something. I could tell instantly by the use of my full name.

"Yesssss?" 

I drew the word out mainly to sound cute so that maybe he would drop this idea.

"I think it's time you help me on a business deal alone. You're nearly twenty. I'm not going to last forever you know."

I sighed. I didn't want to deal with this right now. Especially accompanying one of his I'm not going to live forever rants. You see I'm a single child. My father is a sixty year old man named Charles Williamson. He is the owner of a currently thriving investment company in New York City. That company I am to inherit once he passes. I really have no interest in it but I do my desk job well and try and keep him happy.

"If I must."

I mustered my best smile in an attempt to look sincerely happy to go but it wasn't very convincing. 

"Oh come on Bell. I think you might like it if you would loosen up a bit. Besides everything is already set up."

He paused for a second and looked away. Even he knew this was probably a lost cause.

"The car leaves the house by eight tonight. You can clock out early today to get ready. They are a very prestigious client so I want you in a new dress. " 

I narrowed my eyes at him as he slid a credit card my way. Absolutely no way.

"If this is one of your ploys just to get me in a dress it's not gonna happen."

I was never one to dress very feminine and a dress was such a rare occasion I could count the times I wore one on one hand.

"Bell I am serious."

With that he walked away. I sighed deeply this time. Great now I have to wear a dress. This day just gets better. Looking back at the computer screen I was no longer interested in doing my work. Despite trying for hours it seemed like I got nowhere and before I knew it the time had slipped by without me noticing. Looking at the clock I was shocked to see it read seven o'clock. 

"Shit!"

Gathering my things I shuffled to the car nearly running over one of the accountants in my way. Once I got to my car I simply threw my purse into the passenger seat and had the key in the ignition before my door was even closed. The dress store was only a short drive away and before I even knew it I found myself in the dressing room struggling to zip up a short green dress. Frustrated I swallowed my humility I poked my head out the curtain. 

"Excuse me? Can I get some help?"

A small thin woman appeared from out of nowhere and assisted me. I felt like dying when I stepped out of the room to look in a mirror. This was not going to happen. The neck line plunged way too far nearly showing my nipples and it didn't look nearly this short on the rack. Good god my ass was nearly hanging out! I looked like a tramp. Horrified I quickly changed into a strapless grey cocktail dress. It fit much better hugging all the right areas and not showing nearly as much cleavage. Hanging just at my knees it was the perfect length too. Despite feeling entirely naked in this type of clothing it would have to do. Before paying I grabbed a pair of black lace up wedges and walked to the pay desk. 

"Do you mind if I change into these before I leave? I'm already running late."

The blond haired clerk eyed me a bit funny but agreed after I swiped my father's card. 

"Thank you so much."

I ran to the changing room and switched into the new dress and shoes as fast as I could. Checking my phone for the time as I rushed out the door and into my car with a gasp.

"That leaves me five minutes to clean up if the traffic will hold off."

I drove as fast as the traffic would allow. By the time I got to the house I hardly even had time to apply some makeup, shove in some black jeweled dangling earrings, and attempt to tame the frizz in my curly brown hair before my alarm clock reminded me I had better be in that limo asap. I applied some lip gloss for the finishing touch and ran to the door. I nearly ran into my father at the door and as I looked up I noticed my father staring at me.

"What?"

"You look very nice. Thank you for listening."

I looked past him to the limo blushing nearly too embarrassed to say anything. I wasn't one to take complements. 

"Thanks. I guess I'll see you later then."

I waved at him as I got into the car. The drive felt like it took forever but that might just be because of the traffic. I spent the time staring out the window.

"We're here."

The driver announced as the car eased into a full stop and someone opened the door. I stepped out of the car and smoothed down my dress as I got out before looking up. What stood in front of me took my breath away. It looked like a castle it was so huge. I had never been anywhere so granjour. 

"Madam. This way please."

I was led to into the castle or house which ever you prefer by a very crisp looking butler into a formal dining room. I wasn't sure what to think. This place was not only huge but absolutely gorgeous. Some things looked like antiques but others looked modern however somehow they all blended seamlessly. Someone had some nice decorating taste. 

"You may sit here mam."

I simply smiled at the man and sat where I was told. This type of formalness was making me nerves. Even though my family was rich we were never much for things like this. I felt out of place. Being by myself didn't help the situation. 

"Ahh you have arrived. Missis Williamson we have much to discuss so please do enjoy your meal beforehand."

The man who had entered was probably in his early fifty's but looked extremely well aged. His hair was pitch black and his eyes while brown were very bright and lively, full of fire. Everything about him was clean cut from his freshly shaven jaw to his polished shoes. His wife behind him was just as well aged. Her long blond hair looked like the sun itself and her blue eyes like the sky itself. She was wearing a lovely white evening dress. I suddenly felt very under dressed. I also instantly knew they were Vampires. My father had told me he worked with them but never did I think I would meet them. They normally keep to themselves or at least that's what my father had told me.  The man turned toward me and took one of my hands into his before kissing it.

"I have heard about you from your father. He seems very fond of you."

I wasn't sure what to say and blushed lightly while trying to find words. It seems I wouldn't have to as he walked away to his seat at the head of the table before I had time to answer. The food was served as soon as he sat down. I don't even know what it was but it was delicious and I can admit without shame I would have taken seconds if they were offered.

"May we retire to the Library Miss Williamson?"

"Yes we may Sir. Lambrick."

I followed the man to the Library sitting room. The conversation started with small talk but quickly went into business as it should. Thankfully I knew enough to answer all his questions thus far without hesitation. During the conversation I was also investigating the three story room with books covering three of the walls. It was amazing.

"Father. You didn't inform me we would have guests tonight."

The new voice shot me out of my thoughts and stopped Lambrick mid-sentence. I turned my head toward where I had heard it. I was pretty sure my mouth dropped open. Coming toward the seating area in a confident long strided walk was hands down the most attractive man I had ever seen in my life. His deep blue eyes, dark hair and sharp futures were a perfect mixture of both his mother and father. He looked to stand at about six one probably an inch or two below his father. Everything was well proportioned as well. He was in no ways a reedy looking man. Not a day over twenty three. A heat suddenly settled between my legs making me instantly uncomfortable. Crossing my legs tighter just made it worse.

"Dante. You have met Charles Williamson this is Annabelle Williamson his daughter."

The older man gestured to me with an open palm. Dante reached out and shook my hand looking me in the eyes like he knew something and gave me a wink. I blushed furiously. 

"Pleasure to meet you Miss Annabelle."

While I was fumbling for words in my head likely making a fool of myself by staring at him like a dork Dante looked at his father. 

"Would you mind if I steal her for a while. I highly doubt she is enjoying this conversation over politics. Besides you already know enough about W&C."

I suddenly stopped thinking and just stared at Dante. Could he what? Is this a dream?

"Dante."

His father stared at him in a scolding manor but did not object as Dante took my hand and led me out of the room to the outside garden. I was in such a tizzy over my body's reaction that I hadn't realized I was outside until I felt the autumn air. The cold air caused my braless nipples to go instantly hard making the situation even more embarrassing. I crossed my arms attempting to cover them all the while turning redder in the face whilst following this strange but incredibly handsome man. I had liked a few guys in high school but good god they held no candle to this. I felt like I was going to melt just by being near him.

"Quit trying to hide it. I can smell it."

He stopped and turned towards me making me halt suddenly to keep from running into him.

"What?"

His bluntness made me blush even deeper. I think I knew what he was talking about but was so shocked I needed him to clarify just to make sure.  

"Your arousal. It's blatantly obvious."

I was utterly flabbergasted.I guess the sayings about Vampires having a good sense of smell was true.

"Well...I.. I... uh."

"The feelings mutual."

While I didn't mean to my eyes seemed to have a mind of their own and found their way to the crotch of his pants. The start of an erection was outlined by the moon light. 

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to I.. just..."

My voice trailed off as I looked away at a loss for words for my current behavior. I was going to ruin my father's business deal. 

"You shouldn't be afraid to admit your attraction there is nothing lewd about your feelings. It's an entirely natural bodily reaction. Why not relish in it?"

I shifted my feet while looking at the ground getting wetter by the minuet with this conversation. I refused to look him in the eyes for fear of making it worse.

"You Vampires are much more open about these things than us humans."

Dante laughed catching me off guard.

"Or perhaps you humans are too shrewd with natural reactions."

His voice was stern but joking. I lifted my head to look at his face. I guess it was a mistake because as soon as I did he caught me in a fiery kiss. I attempted to pull away at first but was soon caught up in the lust of it. Our lips smashed together passionately eventually I opened my mouth to allow his tongue in to play tag with mine. His taste was amazing. His hand strayed down to cup my butt and pulled me up against his pelvis grinding my lower stomach into his rapidly growing manhood and my painfully hard nipples into his chest. The sudden added sensation forced me to lose focus and bring a moan from my mouth breaking the kiss.

"They won't hear us upstairs."

Did he really just ask me that? 

"What?"

This man was crazy. He didn't possibly think I would just run to the bedroom with him did he? Though my body was saying otherwise. I hadn't slept with anyone since that one crazy night in high school. It hadn't been pleasurable at all. That drunken bastard had taken my virginity and left me. 

"You heard me. I know you want it."

He stepped forwards pushing me into the brick wall of one of the decorative columns. His head was tilted into my neck one hand supported him above the while the other hand slid up my dress. His fingers delicately traced my slit sending shivers through my entire body. The only thing I could muster was a moan. Damn it I should be screaming but everything he was doing felt so good. Why was my body reacting this way?

"See I told you."

He whispered it into my ear then pulled back and began to walk away. My legs felt like rubber as I stepped off the column. I followed him back to the house. Lord knows why but I did. He went through the french doors headed to the stairs. On our way I paused as I realized the library door was closed. Was his father angry? Did I just ruin a deal with one of my fathered most prestigious clients?

"Come. Let's not bother their affair."

Who's affair? As I walked by I realized his mother and father were talking. Like a loyal dog I followed him up the granite stairs, through a long hallway and into a dimly lit room. From what I could see all the furniture in the room was a deep cherry wood. Any type of upholstery seemed to either be made out of velvet or silk. It was absolutely stunning. The king sized bed looked to be hand carved and draperies hanging from the frame were a rich red silk. It looked very inviting and sensual. Dante cut off my view. That was when I realized he had evidently undressed while I was staring. His cock which was standing out proudly away from his body bounced as he made his way onto the bed. I couldn't look away. It was probably six inches long and its girth was the same. The heat between my legs intensified. If I didn't get a release soon I might just explode!

"I hope you are not going to make this a party of one."

He was lying in the bed just staring at me. I didn't know if I wanted to do this. Hell I just met the guy but I began to take off my shoes anyway. Once they were off I slipped my underwear down my legs and stepped out of them. That's where I stopped. I had never been fully unclothed in front of a man and was feeling terribly self-conscious. Unlike many girls I knew I had never been one to show off my double D breasts or my naturally curvy body. I was not fat by any means but I also wasn't thin and it made me nearly ashamed to be unclothed even partially around anyone. I looked back at the handsome man waiting for me in the bed and took a deep breath. If not now when? This man, this glorious demi god, had asked me so obviously I wasn't that bad right? Hesitantly I began to slip the dress down my body until it lay in a heap of fabric around my feet. Lastly I took the earrings out of my ears and placed them near my clothes.  As naked as the day I was born I stood looking at Dante waiting for direction. 

"See that wasn't that bad. Come here."

Obediently I crawled onto the bed with him. I placed myself on my back submissively. By this point I was simply putty in his hands. My body was begging for a release and I knew he could give it to me. Dante smiled as he straddled me.  His mouth found its way to my left nipple. I gasped at the feeling of his hot mouth coming in contact with my ever so sensitive skin. He suckled on one side then the other nearly sending me over the edge then releasing. Every so often I could feel his manhood brush against my nether lips forcing even more moans from my mouth. As his mouth left my tender breasts my back arched to meet him and I whined.

"Please."

I was so filled with lust and desire I could only manage a single word.

"Please what my darling?"

My eyes met his begging him to continue.

"Please, don't stop."

Apparently he was listening because he began to part my legs farther and lowered his head to my lips. As his tongue slowly made its way through the folds to my clit my body tremored. I was a hare's breath away from cumming but his slow strokes were keeping me just on the edge. He kept me like that going so slow for what felt like hours. Eventually he slipped in two fingers to massage my g spot. That sent me wheeling. I squealed and came so hard I was sure I was going to pass out. My body shook with aftershocks as he removed his fingers from my dripping wet pussy. I watched as he licked my juices off his fingers.

"You're delicious."

I blushed furiously. Though I wasn't really sure why. I was necked in bed with a pretty much complete stranger yet I felt embarrassed over him tasting my nectar. He flashed another smile at me as he rolled over onto his back bringing me with him. He slid up the bed so that his back was propped up and my head was at his belly button.

"I need some love too."

I looked down at his cock which was as erect as ever. Pre cum was lightly shining the mushroom tip. It looked intimidatingly thick but I wanted to return the favor. Gently I took it in my hand and leaned down to lick the tip clean. His moans encouraged me to continue. I began to lick my way up from the base to the tip tasting every bit of his cock. It was musky and salty. Exploring further I took the tip in my mouth and began to bob my head up and down as I sucked on his shaft as well as rub my hand on the base. This brought even stronger moans from him. I kept my eyes up at him to make sure I was doing it right. He assured me further by placing his hands on my head. His grip on my hair got tighter the faster and farther down I went. Suddenly his hands gripped my hair roughly to the point it was a bit painful and he came down my throat. I was so surprised I just continued to suck and swallow until the pulsing of his member ceased. Pulling myself away from it I licked my lips. His cum was salty with a twinge of sweetness. I wasn't quite sure if I liked it or not but I didn't plan on doing that again tonight. My jaw was sore from trying to accommodate his girthy cock.

"You're quite good at that Annabelle."

I smiled at him sheepishly.

"I don't have much practice."

"Then you're a natural."

He reached down and guided me by his hand under my chin to his mouth in another lusty kiss. This one was different however. As I kissed him I could feel myself relaxing into it and could taste myself on his tongue. It felt dirty but so right at the same time. We pressed our bodies together closer. His hands were exploring going from my hips down to cup my ass. Both of us broke away for a gasp of air as he thrust his hips with now growing erect members against my pussy. The friction made both of us moan. Locking eyes we seemed to get the same idea at once. He swiftly flipped me over on my back. Though I never thought of objecting I wouldn't have had the chance anyway. Just as quickly as he flipped us over he lifted my legs, lined up and thrust forward. I let out a short but high pitched squeal. While his dick was only half way in my walls were on fire from being stretched so quickly. I had a feeling the pleasure was going to take a few minutes to show up.

"Good god you're tight."

He didn't move for a bit allowing me to adjust to his size. Once he started he went slowly. It took a few thrusts for the burning, aching to go away but once it was I found myself moaning and squealing with every thrust. He filled me so completely, so perfectly. I felt like I was going to explode from the pleasure but I could tell I was still a ways away from coming again. I wrapped my arms around his back for grip. He was fucking me for all it was worth and I was in complete ecstasy even meeting each of his thrusts with my own. 

"You.. are... ahh... mazing"

I manage to form a sentence between thrusts. He just smiled and continued on revenging my body. Though I was completely out of breath and terrible sticky with sweat he had only started to get a bit of perspiration on his temple. I was getting terribly close to orgasm. My pussy walls began to try to draw his cock deeper with every thrust. All of a sudden my body began to shake. I was in a near convulsive orgasm. My pussies reaction drug Dante with me. He bottomed out on my cervix and came just as my climax began to end. He collapsed on top of me with his head nestled between my breasts obviously just as satisfied as I was. We both fell asleep still connected to each other as a morning glow came through the curtains. I definitely got more than a business deal that night and it wasn't the last either.