 Chapter 1 – The Cellar

Ariella awoke from her sleep to hear and smell the new girl vomiting in a corner. Ariella's eyes struggled to adjust to the darkness. Most of the women had already turned out their lamps except for a few in the opposite corner. The cellar dungeon was dark and damp, but thankfully it kept cool despite all the women living in that small space. They all slept on simple pallets on the ground, with their own water basins and oil lamps beside them. Various vegetables and barrels of ale were also housed in the cellar, but the women were far too afraid to risk sneaking a bite or sip. A smelly bucket rested in the very back of the room for them to relieve themselves in. Of course, it was kept as far away from the heavy wooden door as possible to keep potential buyers from being subjected to its stench.

It really was not as filthy as one would expect from such a greedy sex slave dealer. The Master wanted the women to appear clean and well taken cared for. They had to wash their faces regularly, and their soiled clothes were collected by a washerwoman frequently. Ari's Master was known for having some of the cleanest slaves, and he did not take his reputation lightly. The weather had just started to turn cold, and the buying season was starting.

The last time the Master took his women to the bathhouse, Ari had noticed the frigid air. She had also noticed more and more women start to come and go. May, the oldest woman there, had explained the buying season that day at the bathhouse, "Aye, the nights become chilly as the planting and harvesting comes to an end. The farmers start to spend more time inside, and they began to think how lovely it would be to have a wench to cook a hot meal and bring them ale. We'll not see the likes of many of ye for much longer." 

Jaquie had only been captive with the women for about 5 days, but she had arrived in ill health. Ari dragged herself over to the pallet where Jaquie was lying and tilted the barrel. Jaquie vomited easily into the barrel and looked at Ari with gratefulness. The sick girl collapsed her head back on the pallet and started to breathe heavily. Ari only hoped that she had time to recover before she was purchased. A young virgin such as Jaquie would be gone almost immediately.

The soft pattern of Jaquie's breathing was broken by the familiar heavy footsteps leading down the stairs. All the women began to stir and started smoothing out their hair to appear their best. Ari had remained on the market for longer than average for a girl of her age, mainly because of the high price the master demanded for her. Many men had the intentions of taking her for their own, but in the end they always settled on something cheaper. No matter what they offered, it was never enough for the Master. It did not take a soothsayer to see that he was attempting to keep Ariella around for as long as possible.

The Master purchased Ari almost one year ago, intending to capitalize on her exotic appearance. The Master thought of her as a conversation piece, almost like a fine piece of furniture. Some poor farmer would love to show his new slave off, his friends would think him refined and sophisticated. Foreign slaves were not all too common yet. Until recently, slavery had been reserved for the royals.

Ari had always been slightly curvy with a round bottom and ample breasts, but the diet fed to her this last year had diminished her curves and given her a tired appearance. Her porcelain skin looked ghostly white against her raven black hair and dark eyes. Her hair had grown very long, but it was still shiny despite the constant humidity she was subjected to. Ariella had beautiful dark almond eyes, which could only be described as being sorrowful all the time. When she was living in her small village, she had been tan from the bright sun of the tropics. Most of the other women were older, traded in by other owners when they had grown tired of them. Ari was in her early twenties, but even that was too old to fetch a top price at market. 

When Ari was certain that the footsteps would soon be entering the cold, dimly lit cellar, she got to her knees to help Jaquie up. The women knew the price for failing to form a line when the Master entered. Ari panicked when Jaquie went limp in her arms. She splashed a little water in Jaquie's face, but by that time it was too late. She heard the rusted lock on the door click, and a beam of bright light entered the room. By the men's voices she heard, she knew that there was a potential buyer. This meant a certain beating if she did not form rank with the others. On the floor, Jaquie began to whimper and tears welled in her eyes.

"Don't worry Jaq. He won't beat us too hard. He wouldn't dare leave bruises during buying season," Ari whispered. 

Jaquie did not say a word. She only turned her frightened eyes to the door and tried to rise to her feet.

The door swung open and the voices entered the room. The Master bragged "I have a young one just in, a pure virgin. You can see for yourself!"

"How old? I'm not in the mood to placate children," was the uninterested reply from the Stranger.

"Well, what are you looking for then? Are you the sort that wants to breed or are you looking for a servant?"

"I'll know when I see her."

The voices were now well in the room. She felt the Masters eyes looking at her, and Ari worked up the courage to plead with her eyes. She pushed her chest out to make herself look more sexual. She hated to use her body to try and lessen her punishment, but she had learned how to manipulate the Master in this last year. She felt the Master's beady and cruel eyes scan the two girls over, and braced herself for what was to come.

Chapter 2- The Master

To her disbelief, her pitiful glance she shot him was not met with anger. "Does she need more water?" asked the Master with a sort of false concern in his voice.

"Thank goodness it's buying season," Ari thought to herself. She breathed a sigh of relief and together the Master and Ari helped Jaquie to lie back down. Ari noticed the expressions of the other women. Some looked shocked that the two girls' actions had gone unpunished, but most of them did not dare to turn their heads. The Master took Ari's arm and steadied her back up. She felt his greedy eyes study her. He pulled her dress up and put his fat paws on her breasts to push them up. Her necklace hung around her neck with the intricate medallion at just the right length to draw attention to her almost exposed breasts. When the Master was satisfied with her appearance, he gave her a push towards the line with the other women. Ari knew he did not take his eyes off of her rear as she walked in front of him.

The Master's temper often led to harsh beatings, but he was tame compared to some of the tales she had heard of the buyers. Certainly, he would not harm his wares unless they were well deserved. In fact, often he would turn his anger to Ariella when she took too long to fill the basins or let the fire go out. He would angrily drag her out of the room, but instead of a beating he would lead her upstairs and fuck her.

The portly Master seemed to perpetually be sweating, even in the cold season. Ariella knew so little about this new culture, but she could already tell he was pompous. If he had not been so rich, no one would have been so accommodating to his ridiculous demands. He was usually drunk or at least irritable because he had not had a drink yet.

His lovemaking was short and selfish, but Ari was thankful to have it over so quickly. He loved to nibble on her breasts while he pumped his small cock in between her legs. Ari never bother to look at anything but the ceiling while it was happening. She wondered if he could even see his little cock over his large gut. Afterwards he would shoot his cum on her breasts, and hope that he didn't impregnate his investment. Sometimes he would give her wine or ale, and it would help her to sleep after the disgusting things he had done to her.

Ari felt his gaze on her now, and she knew she could count on his worm-like cock in between her legs tonight. Since she was not a virgin when he bought her, there was no harm in his using her for his own pleasure. Ari had tried to remain as distant as possible to avoid tempting the Master, but recently he had been coming to get her from the cellar almost every other night.

Once after a particularly sweaty tryst he blurted "I'd love to keep you around as my own little fuck doll for the next few years." Ari shuddered as she remembered his repulsing words. She would have preferred to try her luck with a new Master than remain here in her misery. Ari turned her eyes to the other voice in the room, and tried to size him up. For the first time she noticed the greedy eyes of the Master were not the only ones fixed on her.

Chapter 3- The Stranger

Ariella lowered her gaze on the stranger quickly, embarrassed he had caught her staring at him. She did not glance at his face for long, but something about his demeanor seemed familiar to her.

The Master also took notice of the man's gaze and spoke, "Taken a fancy to Ariella, eh?"

"Where are you from, Ariella?" the stranger asked softly. Ariella did not know what to say. She stared at the floor and hoped that her Master would answer for her.

"Got her from a merchant out in the East," replied the Master. "Beautiful isn't she? I'm afraid she's out of your range though, lad."

Ari looked finally looked into the stranger's deep, smoky eyes, but she could not decipher his intentions. He looked like any other man that came in here, but his eyes seemed to stare into her soul. His hooded cloak and hat concealed his face in shadow for the most part. He was simply dressed, but Ari thought it looked like very fine material. She immediately began to wonder what spending the night with him would be like.

"No, I want HER. I've been shopping around and I know what the going rate is. Let me make sure everything is in order," the Stranger retorted. He seemed somewhat irritated at the Master's words. The Stranger stepped towards Ari, and ran his hands along her backside. Ari wanted his strong arms to pull her close and bury his head in her breasts, but instead he pulled her body close as ran has free hand along her neck and studied the medallion. He could swear she saw him smile slightly. She felt so small and vulnerable in his strong arms. Then he put his hands along her hips and smoothed down to her delicate parts slowly, making sure to feel every inch of her trembling body. Her thin dress did not cover much, and she knew he would soon feel the wetness that had formed in between her legs. With a sly smile forming on his lips he remarked "Aye, this one is in heat for me! I've found what I'm looking for." 

The Master exclaimed in response "Fantastic! Let's go upstairs and strike a deal over a hard ale! But I think it best you take a look at a few more just in case."

"There's no need, sir," and with that said the Stranger pulled Ari close. "Soon, my dear. Soon," he whispered into her ear. The two men turned again and left the cellar, and Ari heard the heavy door lock again. Once the men's' footsteps were heard going up the stairs the women gathered around Ariella to say their farewells. 

"O-oh, I shall miss you so dear," stammered one of the older women, "You've been here almost as long as I have."

"No, there's still a chance I won't go," replied Ari to keep herself from getting her hopes up. "We know these things are never certain!" She wanted to leave this god awful dungeon so badly after the Stranger had teased her like that.

"Aye, but I could tell he wanted ye. He is no monster, I can tell by his hands. The snake ones have calloused hands, child" interjected old May. "Now hush, all of you, I don't want to be caught awake when he comes back. Goodbye, child. Take care," and with that old May went back to her pallet.

The other women spoke their hushed goodbyes and went back to their pallets. Ariella crawled back over to Jaquie and filled up her glass with water. She made sure the barrel was within reach, but did not want to wake her to say goodbye. Ari settled back down to her own pallet and closed her eyes. She heard the muffled laughter upstairs, and comforted herself that all was going well. She drifted off to a light sleep within minutes, but her peace would not last long. 

Chapter 4- Farewell

Ari awoke to rough hands sliding up her thigh, and the strong smell of ale around her. She had not heard the Master reenter, meaning he must have taken care to be quiet. Suddenly she felt his fat fingers enter her pussy. 

"I couldn't let you leave without saying a proper goodbye," whispered the drunken Master. Ari felt the stares of a few women who had awoke. "Don't pretend you won't miss me. I'm going to give your bottom a good working over for the road."

His fingers left her pussy, and pushed the wetness into her tight ass. He slipped his little cock out of his trousers and quickly and painfully pushed it into her ass. Had he been bigger, she would have bled. Ari knew the women were pretending not to look and she clenched her ass around his cock and bucked up against him. She wanted it to be over as soon as possible, and knew that by cooperating it would be over in seconds. The Master soon got into a rhythm, and by his heavy breathing and panting, she knew he would shoot his hot cum into her ass soon. His sweaty balls were smacking her ass, ready to empty inside of her. She turned her head to the side and began to stare at her water pitcher so she didn't have to see his sweaty face twisted with pleasure.

Just as Ari though he was going to cum, she saw the Master fly backwards to the floor. The stranger was standing over her, a look of anger in his eyes. The Master sprang to his feet and nervously cowered like one of the slaves when they were caught taking extra food. His face was even sweatier now, and he began to stammer.

"P-p-please. Ya can't blame me, lad. I just wanted to give it one last go. No harm done, it was in her bottom." He started backing towards the door and buttoning up his trousers at the same time.

The stranger took Ari's blanket and wiped her off. Ari had not moved from her spot. Her legs were still spread, exposing her pussy wide. She was so mortified for this to be happening right now. The other women looked terrified at what had just occurred.

"Clean his filth off of you," ordered the stranger as he turned his attention to the Master. "As soon as I gave you the quid, she became mine. I think you owe something to Ariella. A nice hot splash at the bathhouse will do."

The Master took a few golden coins out of his pockets and tossed them to the stranger. He was obviously relieved to get off that easily. He smiled a little and wiped the sweat off his brow. "No problem, lad. It was a pleasure doing business with you. If you ever want a new lass, you know where to come."

"I'm sure of that," came his sarcastic reply. "Ariella, let's go dear. Do you have any possessions to take?"

Ariella looked around for her ratty cloak that they used when they went to the baths. Other than that, her only piece of jewelry was still around her neck. She spied the cloak in the corner, and crawled to fetch it. The Master did not like the women to walk upright when he was around. He liked them to crawl around on all fours like dogs.

The stranger watched her and sighed with exasperation "For God's sake Ariella, stand up! You'll get filthy on this disgusting floor." He pulled her up gently and took the cloak from her hands. "You don't need this old thing. I brought you something to wear out just in case." He slipped his arm around her waist and led her out the door. Ariella looked back at her former Master, who just seconds ago had been thrusting like mad into her anus. He had a fake smile plastered on his face while waiting for the stranger to pass by so he could lock up again.

"Thank you for your help and, shall I say, attentiveness sir?" The Stranger's farewell was tart and cold. Ari noticed how nervous and powerless her old Master was. She was no longer scared of the plump fool, but she was lightheaded when she thought of what this new Master would have her do. With that unsentimental farewell, she walked up the cellar stairs and disappeared into the dark night with the Stranger.