 A Career Change is in Order 

"Mistress Morena," Alyssa said, entering the parlor. "I didn't expect you to travel all this way to check up on me. Have I offended you?" 

Morena rose as Alyssa entered, as did Stella. Not exactly protocol, but it seemed polite. 

"I did not mean to insult you, Alyssa," Morena told the huntress. "I am in somewhat desperate straits and needed to feel like I was doing something to solve my problem. An outing to the Uplands seemed like a good idea at the time." 

"Please, sit," Alyssa told them. "I see Dosay has gotten you refreshments. And I have gotten you your half dozen. But there is a small hitch we need to discuss." 

"A small hitch?" Morena asked, sitting back down with Stella following suit. 

"Yes, a small one, I assure you," Alyssa told her. "You will have your product and in sufficient quantities, for the Festival." 

Morena was visibly relieved... but suspicious. 

"So what is the small hitch? Do you want more money? And how can you guarantee the necessary quantities from a mere half-dozen?" Morena wanted to know. 

"No, I don't want more per-head money," Alyssa explained. "I want to go into business for myself." 

"Excuse me?" Morena was confused. "I don't understand. You are in business for yourself..." 

"I mean as a supplier, to you. Kind of a subcontractor Rancher. I'd procure and maintain my own stock and supply high quality, high volume product to you. You pay me fair prices and you get the credit. And it would be both my sister and me runnin' the business." 

Morena and Stella both turned and looked at each other with exactly the same thought running through their minds: Here's our 'other Rancher' to partner with... 

"What kind of 'fair price' did you have in mind?" Morena asked, trying not to seem too elated. 

"That's the hitch..." Alyssa told her. "I don't know. But you do. I'd need start-up equipment and probably training to do the more extensive genetic testing. And for storage. I can already check for count and motility, radiation and mutation. But I don't have any long-term storage beyond normal refrigeration and I can't do the genetic matching the Matriarch wants. And I'm going out on a limb here and presuming the heat is on because she's your client." 

"That's the rumor, such as it is," Alyssa told her. "According to the street, you're the sole supplier and incidentally her only contractor. I don't want to compete with that. I want to partner with you." 

"Funny you should say that," Morena told her. "I was just thinking along the same lines. I was going to pay you six thousand for your studs, total. I can tell you it will take almost three times that just to set up your lab. Twice that if you only want Level-1 genetic testing, for diseases and such, plus long-term storage." 

"But you seem pretty confidant you can deliver, and not just on one order, but over time. So here's what I can do. 70cc of Class-A product is worth 150. The same of Class-AA is 200. I'll stand you to twenty thousand to get started. You pay it off with product. When you're paid off, we convert to cash at the going rates." 

"What would Class-AAA be worth to you?" Alyssa asked. 

Morena raised an eyebrow. "If it existed, it'd be between three to five hundred. You hit the mother lode or something?" 

"Or something," Alyssa told her. "How long for you to process a sample, to see I'm not blowing smoke?" 

"On the off chance you'd had some success, I brought most of what I need in my coach," Morena told her. "You have a sample for me?" 

"You want to come get it yourself?" Alyssa asked. 

Now Morena was definitely intrigued. This woman was way too confident to be bullshitting. She accepted. 

Alyssa stood and told the women to follow her, leaving their servants outside, and she took them down to Dosay's dungeon. 

Morena was surprised to see six very healthy looking males resting in the cage. In fact, two were playing some kind of card game. All six looked up as the women entered and although wary, none showed any sign of maltreatment or abuse. They were all watching Alyssa, with furtive glances at the newcomers, and it was obvious she was the Alpha in the room... with the possible exception of Dosay, who seemed to garner the same respect. 

Alyssa nodded to Dosay, then walked over to the cage. 

"Gentlemen," she addressed them. "This is Mistress Morena, a Rancher of some renown, and her assistant Stella. They are interested in your cum. Which of you wants to volunteer a sample?" 

Six hands went up and Morena almost fainted. 

Docile??? she thought to herself. Complacent??? Cooperative??? That must not bode well for their genetics... or Alyssa has them eating out of her hand... or pussy... 

"Stella," she said, "go get the genetics field test kit from the boot, would you?" 

Stella smiled slightly and turned to go get the kit. She had a feeling Morena was going to start without her. Well, it wouldn't be the first time... 

Alyssa turned to Morena. 

"It appears we have a number of volunteers, Mistress," she told her. "Would you care to pick one? Or two? Or all of them?" 

Morena looked around the dungeon. Must be Dosay's influence, she decided. Doesn't seem like Alyssa's style. Then she spied a padded bench just about the right height for what she wanted. 

"Let's wait until Stella gets back," she told Alyssa. "In the meantime, does that bench adjust in height?" When Dosay assured her it did, she commented, "then let's set if for about cock height for the men. And I'll check all six, if it isn't an insult to you and your sister, Alyssa." 

"We have no problem with you making sure you're getting what you're contracting for, Mistress," Alyssa told her, then set about determining the average height of the men's cocks and adjusting the bench accordingly. 

Over in the pen, there was a hushed conversation going on. 

"That's the infamous Mistress Morena?" Roe was asking Gann. "Doesn't look like a mean old hag to me..." 

"No, she isn't, obviously," Gann whispered back. "Maybe mean but definitely not old and not a hag." 

"She's supposed to run the largest and best quality stable anywhere," Hecht whispered. 

"If we are sold to her, we will never see the light of day again," Lott put in. "It is said she keeps all her men locked up and milks them twice a day, and whips them if they can't produce, and sells the ones she doesn't want to Pasture, who sells them to the Amazons." 

"I don't know about the twice a day and the whipping," Gann whispered back, "but I know for a fact that she sells the underperformers to Pasture, who really does sell them to the Amazons, among others." 

"Has anyone escaped her?" Heath asked. 

"Not while in her custody, that I know of," Gann told him. "The only one I know of for sure, escaped after he was transferred to Pasture." 

"I take it cooperation is the only way to survive," Sawgrass interjected. "Does she do the poison pill, like our Mistress?" 

"I haven't heard of it," Gann told him. "I know she does collars and cuffs, and has trustees to move the stock around and take care of them." 

"I can't decide if I want to succeed and live life as a sperm donor," Roe whispered, "or fail and find out what Alyssa does with the rejects." 

That sobering thought brought the entire conversation to a stop. 

Stella returned with the kit and was pleased to find out she wasn't going to miss out on the action. 

"Dosay? Strap 'em all," Alyssa directed. "Don't want to have to worry about escapees, although it would be a bad career move regardless." 

"Sure, Sis," Dosay told her and set about putting the explosive testicle-cock cuffs on the men. When Morena expressed her curiosity about what Dosay was doing, Alyssa explained their function and Morena was more than a little impressed. 

"They can stay hard without the cuffs, right?" Morena asked. 

"Absolutely. And if you want me to remove the cuffs and let them free-range, I will. At this point, they still think they're being sold to you. But I doubt they'd try to run. Or at least, not far." 

"Why is that?" Morena asked. 

"Because Thunder and Lightning are parked out front," Alyssa told her. 

"Who are Thunder and Lightning?" Morena asked. 

"My Dire Wolves," Alyssa told her, and there was no more explanation forthcoming. 

"Okay..." Morena drawled. "Then I'd like to try it without." 

Dosay was halfway through putting on the cuffs and fluffing the men up when Alyssa told her to take them back off again. She looked questioningly at her sister but complied. When she was done, she turned to talk to Alyssa. 

"Sis, they'll be damaged if Thunder and Lightning eat them," she said. 

"Agreed, Sis. Gentlemen? Please don't try to run away. Thunder and Lightning would try to stop you." 

"Who are Thunder and Lightning?" Gann asked. He was slowly becoming de facto leader. 

"My pet Dire Wolves," Alyssa explained. "They would hurt you. They're trained to go for the throat first and then the genitals. There wouldn't be much left worth living with if you survived." 

Not one of the men said a word, but Alyssa knew the message had gotten through. 

"So how do you want to work this, Mistress?" Alyssa asked Morena. 

"Have the men draw lots for order," Morena told her. "I'm going to lie down on that bench and they're going to fuck my pussy until they're ready to cum. Then they will pull out and ejaculate into the specimen jar Stella will have ready. Then they move to the back of the line. I want to see if I can get two out of each one." 

"Afterwards, Stella and I will run DNA analysis and we'll see where we stand on our agreement." 

"Fair enough," Alyssa told her. "Go get comfortable." Then she moved over to the men. She handed Gann a cubic die and said "Roll it." He did, and it came up 3. "You're number three," she told him and handed the die to Hecht. He rolled it and it came up 6. Then Lott came up 6 and she had him reroll, getting a 2. The same routine got Heath a 4 and Sawgrass a 5. 

"Looks like you're number one," she told Roe. "The rules are simple. Go fuck Mistress Morena. When you're gonna cum, pull out and shoot your load into the jar Mistress Stella's holding. Then go to the back of the line. When you've done it twice, go back to the pen." 

"Yes, Mistress," Roe answered with a glance to the others. They were all taking this as seriously as he was. And he was still struggling with the idea of succeeding and having to leave the Mistress or failing and her getting rid of him. 

Roe walked over to the bench where Morena was reclining, Stella standing at her side. 

"Mistress, may I go down on you?" he asked. 

Morena was a little surprised. She had expected him to just walk up, get hard and fuck her. 

"Um... why?" she asked, genuinely curious. 

"Because I do not wish to hurt my Lady, and I thought it would be more pleasant for you if you were wet. And I am not bad with my hands and my mouth. I thought some preparation might be good." 

Morena actually smiled. 

"You know, I think you might be right," she told Roe. "Go ahead." 

Roe knelt and parted Morena's shaved lips, leaning forward and taking a long lick from her anus to her clit. Morena moaned "oh, yeah..." and laid back to enjoy it. And Roe pulled out everything he'd learned in such a short time of pleasing Alyssa to try and ramp up this woman who held his fate in her hands. It was an impressive bag of tricks. 

Morena's juices were flowing freely down her thighs under Roe's persistent ministrations and she felt herself getting ready to cum... a feeling she hadn't had with a male in a very long time. 

"En Nombre de la Madre!" she cried out. "Enough, stud, enough! You're going to make me cum! Fuck me already!" 

Roe ignored her. He knew it might be a fatal mistake, but somehow he just couldn't pass up the opportunity to drive this woman over the edge. And he'd try again when he was fucking her. And he hoped all the other guys would try, too. 

Morena felt Roe's fingers slip inside and find her G-spot, and another finger slid into her ass. And that was all she wrote. With a loud moaning cry, she went over the edge... "Oh, Madre!!... Cumming!" and Roe kept licking and fingering while she spasmed on his fingers, keeping it going until she started to coast down. 

Her raw animal lust had definitely turned him on, and he stood up, lining up on Morena's slit. He barely heard Stella's "oh, wow..." as he plunged his raging hard-on into Morena, tripping her over again. Then his own lust took over. Morena's hot, pulsing pussy was driving him crazy and he started fucking her deep and hard, with wild abandon. And just as the low growl was starting somewhere down in his belly and his erection strained even more for release, he remembered that he needed to pull out and cum in the bottle. 

He managed it, but barely. The first couple of jets almost blew the jar out of Stella's hand. She held on and with his help, caught the rest of his load. When the last few drops dribbled into the jar, she leaned forward and took his cock in her mouth, cleaning him up - which about put him through the roof, he was still so sensitive. He remembered Alyssa's instructions and moved out of the way. 

As Lott walked into position and passed Roe, he quietly told him, "thanks for warming her up, Man..." Apparently he was one of the ones that liked to watch because he was sporting a flagpole almost as big as Roe's as he passed him. Lott walked straight up to his position and figuring that Morena was wet enough, plunged his impressive cock into her, to the hilt. 

Which got another "Oh, Madre!!..." from Morena. Lott may have been young, but he was built and he knew how to use it. It also didn't take him very long. Three minutes and another major cum for Morena and he was filling Stella's specimen jar, then taking his place at the back of the line. 

Gann, Heath, Sawgrass and Hecht all took their turns, acquitting themselves well and filling their cups. And Morena. Repeatedly. And making her cum. Repeatedly. By the time all six had done her twice, Morena was limp fettuccine. Alyssa came over to stand next to Morena while Stella finished itemizing the samples and preparing to run them. 

"Are you happy with my studs?" she asked Morena. 

"Oh, yeah..." Morena moaned. "And you know it... one favor though?" 

"Yes?" Alyssa asked. 

"That first one that did me? Do you think he can go again?" 

Alyssa glanced over at Roe. "Yeah, probably. Should I call him over?" 

"Yes, please," Morena requested and Alyssa motioned him over. When Roe got there, Morena told him. "I want you to fuck me again, if you can, and I want you to stay in me when you cum so I can feel your hot spunk bathe my pussy." 

"Yes, Mistress," he said, then moved to the foot of the bench and began stroking himself to try to come erect. 

"Oh, wait a minute!" Stella cried out when she saw him start handling himself. Then rushing over, she fell to her knees in front of him and took all of his semi-erect manhood into her mouth, beginning to suck him for all she was worth. And he responded immediately. He was convinced the novelty was never going to wear off. 

Stella kept going until she had him so hard, her neck was bulging from deep-throating him and she was having to pay close attention to her gag reflex. Finally, she figured he was ready and came off him, stepping aside. Roe stepped forward and slid his rigid cock into Morena, dispensing with the niceties and going straight for the cum. He had a plan in mind he hoped would work. 

It didn't take him long to get to the tripping point. Between the hot, wet pussy and Morena's moans and other vocal encouragement, his body and mind were going into overdrive. He kept building until he finally went over, blasting rope after rope into the Rancher's womb. And when he felt the cum subsiding, and the sensitivity maxing out, he pulled out of her pussy and stabbed her up the ass with his rigid cock. 

"GODDDESSSSSSSS!!" Morena cried out. "THAT'S MY ASS!!" 

"Uh-Huh," Roe agreed and started stroking, deep and hard, keeping himself up and trying for another one. And he felt like he was going to make it. 

"Hnnphh... hnnphh... hnhphh... " Morena was grunting, bearing down into the fucking. "Motherfuckingsonofabitch! Motherfuckingsonofabitch! Fuck, fuck, fuck, Fuck, FUCK!! You're gonna make me... OH! FUCK! CUMMMMM!!" 

And that was what it took for Roe to blow his fourth load deep into Morena's ass... a part of her which had never felt a man's seed before. Strange, given the gutters she'd crawled out of... 

"Diosa Santa!" she cried out. "Chingador de Madre! Oh, Goddess, please! Whoever the fuck you are! Please fill me!!" 

"The name," Roe managed in even but labored tones, "is Roe."