 I was stirred awake by a stroke of bright light across my face. Two blades from my blinds were lifted, sending two searing lines of sunlight through the room and upon my closed eyes. My hands pawed at the sudden brightness, but the radiant relent drew me from any hopes of returning to dreamland. 

My first eyeball blinked open. Through an unclear haze of a slight hangover I saw the sexy contours of a shapely naked woman near my window! This demanded the attention of my other eye, and my aching mind, which raced to retrace the events of last night. I recalled Papa Joe's pizza, a few guys over, my birthday cake, a game on the flat screen, a case, and no women. Definitely no naked women that wanted to go to bed with me. Who wanted an almost thirty, just unemployed guy? A few women on the internet, but none last night. At least that I could remember.

I sat up. Well, nearly sat up. I hadn't completed a real true sit-up since college. I now weighed two-hundred and fifty pounds at 5'10". I'm a bit hairy too. It's the Italian part of me which didn't help. My friends had reserved the nickname of Bear since about ninth grade, given to me by a spin-the-bottle closet winner. It stuck, in fact, I was almost getting used to it.

"That's why I'm here," she said in a smokey voice with a slight southern accent. She took a quick seat on the bed next to me, and then laid down facing me with her elbow propping her head up. She stole the covers and pulled them over what I eyed were a pair of muscular, lean legs. 

I rubbed my eyes as they adjusted to the light and focused on my lovely room raider. The unsettling hottish breed of the female persuasion, and in incredible shape. I realized now she wasn't naked, but wearing a spandex sort of cat-suit that left little to the imagination. She was mid-twenties, bronze-hued blonde with long straight hair that fell about her shapely shoulders and bust. Her blue eyes peered up at me, and an self-assured smirk crossed her full lips. There was a familiarity about her angular looks. Like when you see a friend of a friend from way back in high school, but you can't remember her name or exactly which party. "Now that you've had a look at me, let's talk," she said and placed her hand on my shoulder, urging me to lay down again. I resisted, peering over at the sexy anomaly.

I did ask what I always as of strange women that wake me in my bedroom, "Forgive me if this offends you but, did we- you know; I'm not sure I-"

"Not yet Bear," she said matter-of-factly.

"Oh good. I guess. I think," I fumbled, running my hand behind my neck nervously. "Who are you?"

"I'm your escort," she said again, in a very charming but businesslike manner. She placed one of her legs over mine, I was sporting a log-cabin sized morning woody, that her thigh rubbed up against and caused me to jump. 

"Oh!" I laughed. "This isn't something, I mean. This isn't something one of my friends did. You know, paid you to wake me up, do your thing. You know, because-" I began to wiggle away from her pursuing knee.

She lifted a hand to stop my presumption. "No. I'm not that kind of escort. My name is Dawn. I am your spirit escort. I'm here to give your body a push in the right direction, by your soul's request of course."

A weird silence stood between us for a long moment and we tried to read each other.

"I'm sorry Dawn, last night wasn't too clear for me obviously. Where did I meet you?"

She rocked herself over me. Dawn's strong legs pinned my hips to the mattress. She put her arms on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eye. This amazing fitness trainer-type woman was pressed against my morning hard-on, the slick spandex and my silk boxers were the only barrier between my sex and hers. She pushed me back into my pillow, her spectacular boobs jiggled above my chest. I was incredibly aroused and frightened at the same time. This is how bunnies must feel before being consumed by an absolutely sexy fox.

"Okay look, this is going to be very hard for you to understand, so I need your attention. Which mmmm I think I have." Dawn said while settling on my hips with a gently rocking motion. "This is the first time we've met, physically that is. I've been with you for a while though. We have a lot of work to do. I thought this morning would be a good start. Are you hungry?"

I was. I was hungry and intrigued by this sexy but crazy woman in my bedroom. "A good start for what?"

Dawn What'shername rose off my shoulders and sat up. Her shapely rump pressing into my thighs. She then folded her hands together. She bowed her head and prayed out loud. "Dear God, please give me the power to wake up tomorrow and stay on my diet. I really need to drop a few pounds before summer this year. I know I can do it. It's just really been hard since I lost my father. Amen." Dawn lifted her head and grinned at me coyly. "Sound familiar?"

I looked at hear in disbelief. It was the prayer, in exact words, that I had prayed the past few months. "Who are you?" 

"I'm the power that's going to make you stay on your diet, among other things." Dawn said while leaning forward and over me again. Again she positioned her hips over mine and began gyrating against my swollen organ, and I was almost sure I was going to explode from the motion of her on top of me. Her hair dangled down into my face and smelled like lilies. She smiled inches away from my face when she whispered, "You just need the right motivation, don't you?" 

I swear if my cock were super-empowered would have poked through my boxers, pierced the spandex between us and stuff itself into the promised warm juiciness of her body. My hands so badly wanting to grip her ass, to-

"Go ahead. Grab my ass. I really don't bite," she said.

"You can read my thoughts?"

"Even the dirty ones," she purred as my curious hands went around her hips and cupped her taught rump. "That feels good. Don't it?" she asked with southern appeal. 

"So you're like my guardian angel?" I asked.

"Kinda Bear," she said using my nickname. She leaned over and grabbed my gut with both hands, shaking it like a bowl full of jelly. Then she leaned over to my ear and whispered, "I'm more like the answer to your prayers. I'm an escort. I'm going to recharge your will power a bit, and then point you in the right direction. That is, if you agree to the terms."

"Terms?"

Her hips stopped rocking. "Well escorts aren't free Bear." Dawn said with a little grin that obviously meant a whole lot more. She laid her hand over my heart. I gasped as it felt like she reached into my chest and squeezed it. She then withdrew her hand quickly. "Good. I'm not too late."

"I can't imagine why God would send you now!" I blurted, letting go of her ass and rubbing my tingling chest. "What was that?"

"Who said I worked for God?" Dawn replied, ignoring my second question. "I'm here to fix your soul Bear. I'm here for you. But let us not discuss these things on an empty stomach." 

"Huh?"

She snapped her fingers. Everything went black.

***

She snapped her fingers again, and the world came back in a flash.

It appeared I was at the zoo? How did that happen?

"Wrong, this ain't the zoo. This is the jungle. Nepal, actually," Dawn clarified. She was sitting next to me, cross legged in a flimsy V-necked dress, black in color with blacker animal print striping.

I got my bearings and checked my surroundings around us. We were sitting on a crude stone bench, aside a churning rocky path that led upwards on a mountainside. A chorus of wildlife echoed from the lush jungle greenery that surrounded the path. I could see behind us the earth sloped downwards, and the cascading sound of rushing water whispered it's audible presence. It did look like Nepal, I suppose.

The air was sweet, humid and temperate. I was only dressed with a white robe I didn't own. It was silky and light, and tied at the waist with a black belt of the same material. My eyes then settled back Dawn, and I noticed she wasn't wearing shoes. Her feet were pretty, her toes manicured and painted red. I learned quickly that everything about Dawn's seemed damn smoking hot. Her dancing blue eyes redirected my attention. "Do you feel comfortable?"

"I guess," I answered truthfully. "This is a bit strange though."

"I can imagine," Dawn said with a smirk as she rose from her seat and faced me. "I'm here to make this as comfortable of a process as possible. But you'll soon see it's going to get a bit more strange."

"I can't imagine how."

"I know." She replied with a girlish giggle. "Let me begin by sucking your dick."

"What!" I must have been dreaming. I knew I was dreaming now. Cummon, Nepal? Yeah right. 

"Your not dreaming." Dawn growled as she kneeled before me and started untying my robe. In a moment she peeled the garment open and looked upon my flaccid member hanging under my belly hungrily. "I told you we needed breakfast. You have some fruit beside you. It's healthier than the MacGreasies with syrup you've been eating every morning." 

I began to say something in response when she buried her head between my legs and sucked my formless sex into the wet warm confines of her mouth. I was left open mouthed and speechless as I felt her fingers cradle around my balls. Instantly the blood rush from every extremity to my loins, leaving me dizzy. My hands went to her soft hair, which I petted, then pulled back from her face as her suckling became more intense with the swelling of my member in her mouth. 

Oddly I then noticed a fruit basket sitting beside me. I couldn't remember if it was there before. The basket was wicker, and the fruit inside was roundish with a brown rind. My appetite was curtailed by the massage Dawn's tongue was performing on my cock, and my attention instantly returned back to her. She was servicing me like a king.

"I'm going to feed you breakfast if you keep this up." I let her know. She awarded me by slowly releasing my steely sex from her lips, one inch at a time, before engulfing the length again into the velvety confines of her mouth. Dawn also gave me ample view of my member being consumed between her lips. She repeated this erotic process again and again. Each time with one hungry blue eye peering up through the curtain of her bronze wavy hair. Her efforts were stirring cum into the base of my member. "I'm getting close."

I noticed that Dawns other hand was at work under the slack hemline of her dress- between her thighs. ‘MMmmmm. . .' I felt her voice hum onto my head. She released me to say ‘Don't hold back on the honey! I'm starvin' Bear!'

With that I felt her slender hands release my balls and wrap around the base of my cock to start pumping. Her thick lips wrapped around my cock just under my head and milked me with gently squeezes. In rhythm with her repetitions, Dawn's soft flat tongue coaxed the underside of my member for cum to rush forward with audible slurps. There was no holding back. The intensity of her oral overture grew with hungry anticipation. 

Suddenly her blue eyes grew wide as my organ shot a thick load of salty breakfast into her mouth. She moaned and gulped the initial spurt down, but my pulsing member spewed several more streams of appreciation beyond her lips. She remained locked onto my head until the final surges and my groans of appreciation subsided. 

Suddenly Dawn rose up to face me. She released my cock with an oozing string of cum swamped saliva to her lips, despite her care not to lose a bit of the gooey prize of her efforts. In a fluid motion she wordlessly crawled atop of me. One hand reached down for a piece of fruit in the basket. The other went to my chest. I felt pricks of pain. I glanced down and saw that her hand- was clawed! The red painted talons stuck painfully into my hairy chest! Also amazingly the sleeve of her dress seemed to melt to her skin like paint, giving her body a pantherine look.

Dawn lifted the fruit to my lips with her other hand. ‘Bite.' She commanded to my thoughts. I did, while leaning back from the pressure she put on my chest. The rind was rough but giving. The peach-like fruit inside was incredibly sweet and soft. Juice from the bite ran down my cheeks as I laid back. She then quickly tore the fruit away from my lips, leaving all but a little sweet meat of the fruit on my tongue as I laid completely flat on the bench, with her crouched on top of my bulk. Dawn's blue eyes commanded my attention, but they were no longer human. The pupils dilated tightly in a vertical feline manner. ‘Kiss me!' She commanded through my thoughts. 

I pressed my lips to hers. Our lips parted and instead of her expected tongue she released a large warm load of salty ooze into my fruit sweetened mouth. 

I instantly knew she carried the mouthful of cum my member had dumped, and spat it into mine. I was shocked more than anything.

"Swallowing the fruit of my labor is the first term of our pact." She purred outwardly before kissing me again.

Her tongue danced on mine for a moment, and slithered back into her own mouth, leaving mine full with the swampy-sweet treat. Her catlike eyes danced with mine. I felt her large leathery palm press into my chest and her claws retract. "Swallow it," her voice urged.

I swallowed the load down my throat. It slid evenly like an oyster. My stomach clenched with the thought of my own cum returning to me for a meal. I felt very full and warm.

Dawn's body settled against mine above me, her lips meeting mine again and kissing me hungrily, our tongues wrestled friskily. The weight of Dawn's tits pressed against my chest. Her tight stomach writhing against my soft bulk, as her hips again set themselves upon my still swollen sex. I prodded her eagerly for sex but was disappointingly rejected with a soaked silky barrier of her panties. My hands went around to the small of her back, down to her ass where I cupped the rounded weight of them. Her eyes blinked two times, and I noticed her pupils returned back to their familiar human roundness. Her hand's slender fingers ran through my hair and I felt her rounded manicured nails on my scalp. We laid together on the rock for some time. Kissing and touching each other playfully. My thumbs hooking the elastic of her panties, and pressed them downwards. 

Dawn shook her head. "Not yet Bear. You did really good though," she whispered. "You have one more term to meet before we consummate our deal," she said. "I bet you have more questions."

I did. I began to voice them when Dawn snapped her fingers.

***

My favorite coffee house. We had a window seat at a small round chess table that had no pieces. Two steaming tall coffees sat on the table between us.

"I thought this was proper way to follow yummy breakfast you provided," Dawn said while taking a sip of her coffee. She was still dressed in her kittenish black dress. I saw now I was wearing casual khaki shorts and a white polo shirt. I felt refreshed, like I had just taken a shower. I smiled and drank a sip of what tasted like a mocha latte. I had questions.

"Can other people see you?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm not a ghost."

"Good cause I didn't want the people here to think I was talking to myself. Where did you come from? Why do you look so familiar? Why am I so comfor-"

She held up her hand silencing me. "The answers to your questions are complicated Bear. You have to have faith in me. There are a lot of forces pulling and pushing people's souls around these days. I was moved to help you out in a very direct sort of way. Think of your body as a pawn on this table that has made it to the other side. I'm here to switch your pawn body with a knight's piece."

"That makes no sense of all."

"Yes it does," she replied. "I'm your escort towards being a more effective individual. Do you know what makes individuals more effective?"

I shrugged my shoulders. 

"Will power," she answered. "The power to take your life into your own hands. Your father had a very strong will."

"What does my father have to do with this?"

"You said it yourself in your own prayers Bear. The reason you're finding a lack of will since your father's unfortunate death- is a vulnerability being taken advantage of. His death took part of your ability for self-motivation away. These holes in your heart are prime real-estate. You have a bad buyer. I'm here to remove that and put something better in it's place- if you follow through."

I digested the philosophical depth of her comment with another sip of sweet coffee. Dawn was right. My ability to commit to anything was strangely lacking. I wasn't always that way. I was very effective person in my college years. "Forgive me, but I don't know how to put this," I said. "What does our sexual encounter have to do with my will power?"

Dawn grinned and said, "Everything Bear." Before I could protest she snapped her fingers.

***

I was laying down flat on my back on a soft furry surface, a white, polar bear skin rug! The weight of Dawn's body was pressed above me. She was peering down at me with her blue eyes intently. I looked to my left and saw the source of heat and light, a gigantic stone fireplace with a roaring fire. To my right I saw an oak posted king-sized bed with down comforters. The room, lit only by the amber glow of the fireplace, was lavishly decorated with rustic appeal. It had no doors. Dawn wiggled above me commanding my attention. I realized I was wearing nothing more than boxers. "Do you like?"

"Where are we?"

"My place," Dawn giggled. Her teasing movements above my bulk were spurring dirty sentiments between my legs. "Yeah it's no to shabby," I answered truthfully.

"Good," she said. Dawn leaned over and nuzzled my neck. Her hair tickled me before I felt her lips give gentle sucking kisses, followed by the occasional nibble and lick. My hands slid around her waist, as her panty clad hips rocked against my impending hard-on. This went on until my arousal was steely hard, and her gentle lapping kisses became hungry moans of pleasure. After a few moments of grinding the silk material of her panties grew warm and wet between the mounds my member was centered against. I gathered her flimsy dress in my hands and pulled it upwards. She took the cue and raised her arms so I could pull the dress off. Now we were getting somewhere. Underneath she wore a black lacy bra that barely contained the weight of her breasts.

I took each in my hands and kneaded their yielding flesh between my fingers. Dawn smiled as I massaged her boobs to the point of feeling her firm nipples underneath the material. She reached behind herself and with a tug her bra fell free, releasing her full natural globes from their black confines. The tops of her breasts were beaded with sweat, they hung in a natural teardrop form, lightly tanned in color with light aureolas and centered cafe brown nipples. She lowered them to my face, and my mouth latched upon her perked nipple. I rolled my tongue over it several times, and then bit down on it slightly, causing her to jump. I followed by sucking as much skin as I could into my mouth. My other hand slipping over her other boob and massaged it in a circular motion. This caused Dawn to let out a series of moans before finally admitting, "Oh God Bear, that feels great. You're making me really whet."

My kissing and massaging of her breast went on for a time. Soon I let my hands linger down her chiseled stomach to the hemline of her panties. Dawn showed no objection, so my fingers slid between the soaked silk and her hot flesh. She lifted her hips to my feel, letting my fingers dive downwards against just-shaven mounds. She giggled as my fingers explored, "Go ahead Bear, I want your fat fingers in my honey hole."

I obeyed by separating mounds and diving my fingers into the folds of her sex. I curled my index finger deeply into her flushed flower. "You feel amazing," I complimented as she began to hump my hand. Another thick digit penetrated the tight opening to her sex. My fingers wiggled against her clenching slick walls. I pushed through the tightness and explored her mercilessly for a spot that would induce pure energy into her belly. I found it nearly two inches in her, on the left lower side. The pressure of my finger caused her body to collapse on mine and hug me tightly. She whimpered, "Oh Bear, Mmmm yes right there. Yes!" 
