 Special Thanks to my Editor who made this readable: Gravinaux

Ch. 01: The Beginning

Peter pulled into the near empty parking lot at work. He was one of the people who arrive at work earlier than most. The asphalt was damp from dew or from a light rain the night before. The large modern building before him had a surreal appearance like a presence. It looked as though it was an entity all it's own. The morning twilight added to the color of the otherwise plain steel and white walls. He looked back at the chain link fence with spring barbed wire above it. Feeling contained and somewhat safe at the same time. Work had been most enjoyable the last few months. He and his colleagues achieved a worldwide break through. They had won so many awards the last week, he was still suffering from the anxiety of the presentations and Press talks. Peter worked with a new concept of organic nanomachines, microscopic organisms based on virus principles. The organic machines programmed with DNA were such a revelation that the world as we know it was about to change. Neither the world nor his colleagues knew just how far he has gotten with the technology. 

Peter held several Ph.D.s, his first two before the age of 19. He was a typical highly intelligent introvert. He gazed into the retinal scanner to open the first door among many in the complex. The robotic guards greeted him as if they really cared. He had several at home; a few with external flesh as real as one could get and a few of the advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) robots of female likeness as well, all his programming. All the publicity and the new fame he gained recently left him in a bad mood. If only the world would leave him to his work, he thinks. He realized this morning that his time has come. 

He walks through a maze of hallways with many steel doors. Electromagnetic and physical barriers hide numerous labs. Few of them known to him, known to anyone except those who work within them. It's all a need-to-know system. Some people he's known for years have shared not a word about what they do, only what they know, weather, public advances, etc... He comes to the front of his lab, he opens it with a combination of voice recognition, retinal scanner and a DNA extractor lock. A tiny needle pricks his thumb, extracting blood. The DNA is then read and matched. The door opens. He walks past experiments, test tubes, isolation tanks, bags, vials and microscopes. Many insects fill the isolators, hordes of mosquitoes and similar bugs, that appear life-like, but in truth were manufactured. 

He enters his office and turns on his computer with the same type of DNA lock used to enter the lab. The screen flashes with light, screens and screens of text scroll. Then it all goes blank. He begins speaking instructions in a whisper to the computer. It beeps and a few text displays acknowledge his commands. He's writing several software programs. Well into the night he works. His co-workers come and go totally ignoring him; they know better when he's in such a state. It is after midnight before his complex programs are complete. He presses a few buttons for the first time and the lab spins into action with a whirl of activity. Large robotic arms flash with inhuman speed through the chemicals, equipment and mechanical insects. 

Peter takes out his personal PDA against all security measures and work ethics. He connects it to his work computer. After the software transfer he shuts down his terminal then goes into the lab and opens one of the tanks containing the new artificial mosquitoes. They fly out, unnaturally, and secure themselves in the Peter's hair, hidden. Several fly out into the vent system. He seals up his office and leaves the building. When he enters his car he speaks commands to the mosquitoes in the building though his PDA. With a sinister smile on his face and a glazed look in his eye, he leaves the parking lot. It's Friday and he has a weekend of fun ahead of himself. 

Monday's headlines will read. "CNN Reports: A top secret defense contractors' facility has been contaminated with what may be either a chemical, a radiological or a biological contaminant. Due to the nature of the work and clearance levels of the information few details were released. What we do know is that multiple companies held offices/laboratories there. Fortunately no one other than those that had contact with the building were affected by this contaminant. Military sources and the FBI are working together. A possible terrorist attack hasn't been ruled out. President Macaulay Culkin said the area is under martial-law and will be decontaminated by any means required. Over 500 people work there." 

Very early Saturday morning Peter enters his high rise apartment downtown, several miles from the facility. He's done well for himself, he has a penthouse apartment several thousand square feet in size. There are Many workbenches in the apartment with chemical and robotic equipment overly organized on them. He goes to his computer desk, next to which are rack mounted systems with several main units, something not typically found in a residence. Three rows of systems cover a portion of the wall. The adjacent wall appears to be surprisingly blank. He presses a few keys and suddenly the apparently blank wall gains a unnatural depth. In the right upper corner of the screen/wall text flashes quickly by. He stands in the center of the huge screen twice his height and three times that in length. A picture of blacks and deep purples and dark blues shimmer unnaturally in a landscape of a rocky waterfall. 

"Come forth my nymph," Peter says. Inside the realistic depths of the screen, the deep, near black waterfall splashes down into a stream diminishing into his floor. From within it a bulb appears to form from the water. Rising slowly, the transparent water starts taking shape as the head of a woman. Hair forms from the previously unshaped mass. Eyes sink into the now head shaped form, nose and large full voluptuous lips appear completing the rather attractive head. Slightly wavy hair, not fully solid flows down below. The form solidifies just below the top of nicely proportional breasts ceasing at the cleavage. The hair covering the otherwise bare shoulders. 

"Good morning Peter, you've worked late today." A sultry voice comes forth from the lips. The voice rings with a near musical tone speaking in perfect pitch and harmony. Soft orchestra music plays, barely audible through the room. 

"Yes today, but no more. The time has come, no longer will I be a slave to this world." His voice normally forced and grating, booms with bass and presence. 

"Oh what do we speak of, my Lord and Master?" The voice of the nymph pierces a near erotic cord in the very bones of the man. 

"I've completed them, as I once completed you, a feat beyond my belief in my own capabilities." He speaks as he comes closer to the holographic image before him. A previously unseen female figure pulls a chair up behind him as he sits. The form is female, but it lacks the texture of real skin, this one is obviously robotic, covered in a skin of foam rubber and silicone. The material has been dubbed Slesh (simulated Flesh). 

"What I need now is the movement subprogram code transferred into my PDA. In addition, I want a primitive form of your response AI coded as simply as possible into the system as well. Similar to the ones used in the Slesh Robots."

"As you wish my Lord." The form disappears into the water and the screen goes black for a second. Then, a multitude of smaller 'windowed' screens appears on the wall. He walks over to the desk and plugs his PDA into the system. 

Then he turns to the Slesh-bot, "Food, nuked frozen is acceptable." The Slesh-bot dashes to another room. He then goes to the other side of the penthouse and enters a large bathroom. Two more Slesh-bots, identical in features to the other, but with different attire and hair color, come forth and begin removing his clothes. After a command transferred from his PDA, the mosquitoes fly out of his hair and off to one of his workbenches. 

The Slesh-bots in the bathroom are more lightly attired than the one in the front room. One wears what would appear to be a classic French Maid short dress of black and white, open enough to reveal, larger then average size breasts in a frame about 5'6". Their extremely attractive faces are the result of merging several early 21st century models. The waist of each was unnaturally small with rather large butts and the shapely legs you'd see on a dancer. He modeled the legs and the bulk of the body design from several dancers with enlarged butts and breast. The bathroom Slesh-bots wore very tight running shorts and extremely tight white tee shirts with no bras apparent. 

After they finish removing his clothes, the water starts to automatically flow into his large bathtub. He lowers himself into it. One of the simulated women gets behind him taking some soap and lathering it in his hair and over his back. The other gets in front of him and begins placing her lips to his chest and neck. The tongue and lips, as real as they can be, kiss and suckle his neck and chest passing lightly over his nipples. Reaching around him with her arms, she grabs his butt as the other continues to rub and massage him with soap, lathering it up all around them. The one in front continues to kiss and rub his butt and then submerges herself in front of him. She takes his balls into her hand and squeezes and releases gently. Her simulated mouth contains wetness and it starts sucking right in front of the head of his dick. The tip of it enters the vacuum of her mouth and begins to grow. The one behind begins soaping his chest and rubbing it as the other continues to suckle lightly on his cock. He rocks back and forth to the pleasure and massage. His cock, fully hard now, is taken completely into her mouth as his balls are still squeezed lightly. Her mouth, still under water, grazes back and forth over his now throbbing dick. The breast of the one behind him is pressing over his back. Hugging him from behind, he forgets they are machines and ignores the unnatural amount of time the one before him is submerged in the bath. 

The tongue twists 360 degrees around his cock increasing the sucking and squeezing. He moans and the one behind him starts moaning sexually as she slides her breast up and down his back. The submerged one starts moving her mouth over his cock faster as the tongue completely circles inside the suckling mouth. He hunches over as waves of pleasure from the tip of his cock, through the shaft and balls erupt inside her mouth. The one behind moves out of the way and he lies back on the tub as they complete their work of soaping and washing him. In the middle of the rinsing the maid enters with his clothing. He exits the tub with the two in it and they dry and dress him and themselves. 

He enters his main room and the wall once again forms into the small, dark blue and purple waterfall and the nymph reappears. 

"All completed as requested my Lord." The music of her voice tingling with erotic subliminal tones. 

"Ok, let me check," He says as he gets his PDA and reviews the program listing within it. He then takes a wireless earpiece/microphone and places it in his ear. The bench where the mosquitoes flew now harbors some form of container; a microscopic factory of viral based organic nanomachines. Now programmed to inhabit/infect humans to control their physical motor functions. He sits down to eat.