 After completing his dinner Peter lays down to sleep threw the day. Thinking that he needs to test the new programming. The mechanical aspects of the nanomachines themselves have been tested repeatedly by his former lab. He deducts that this field test must take place in a different area from his home, in case of any malfunctions or errors that may result. He contemplates other possible uses of machines. He has always been a little lax on exercise and keeping fit. He could write a quick routine and infect himself with the machines and have them do the work for him while his body is active his perceptions could be elsewhere. He must sleep now.

Later that Saturday afternoon Peter gets up from his bed and walks to his desk, he presses a few keys on his main keyboard. The screen/wall gains its unnatural depth. In the right upper corner of the screen/wall text flashes quickly by. He stands up in the center of the room looking the screen. The typical picture of blacks and deep purples and dark blues shimmer unnaturally in a landscape of a rocky waterfall. 

""Awaken!" he commands his special artificial intelligence system. Inside the realistic depths of the screen, the deep, near black waterfall once again splashes down into a stream diminishing into his floor

"I have some research required." He speaks. Inside the screen the transparent water starts taking shape as the head of a woman.

"I need you to scan articles and medical reports on the Internet and devise a curriculum for me to maximize physical fitness." He orders. The image continues to develop. Hair forms, Eyes sink into the now head shaped form. Nose and large full voluptuous lips appear completing the head. Slightly wavy hair, not fully solid flows down below covering the otherwise bare shoulders. Peters forehead wrinkles in a thought he adds.

"As well as any form of unarmed combat training. Order me a top of the line home gym and any required training equipment." He commands the AI.

"As you wish." The sultry voice answers. Soft orchestra music plays, through the room. The wall forms various windowed screens. Images of the Internet flash, search engines line the top row. Below them are displays of various results flashing on and off. Images and pictures in side the windows start forming themes as fitness and physical training subjects are researched and reviewed. Commercial WebPages along with collage and newsgroups are analyzed, their windows flash along the wall. Peter walks into one of the back rooms of his penthouse and enters his closet. He Grabs a sports jacket, puts his wallet and PDA inside it and turns to speak to one of the Slesh-bots. 

"Remove current exoskin and enter stealth guard mode." He commands it. The arms of the Slesh-bot rotate back over it's body in a very inhuman way pealing off the current silicon and foam rubber external skin. No longer the Attractive and voluptuous form of a female the now Metallic Skeleton Body enters a back room and in a few heartbeats reemerges with a near mirror shinny metallic scaly like exoskeleton. Some would say it resembles a human Size Dragon, Peter's other obsession. It's image shimmers and a distorted image of the area behind the Robot shimmers then gains focus as it loses its visibility. A faint smell of ozone erupts from it as it's stabilization systems matches temperature and static charges to the environment. 

No one else in the world has this advanced of technology. Peter has seen to it. Utilizing his advanced AI he constantly monitors and hacks, as needed others in the world that would be close to achieving similar advances. When ones get close to what he has determined as a breakthrough, his AI develops an adaptive virus based on preset conditions to steer them in the wrong directions in their research. Maintaining his technical superiority. The original idea was developed by several Government agencies to maintain the global position it has achieved. Peter was the Program coordinator when the project was discontinued due to budget cuts. Even though the systems and programs were destroyed Peter retained enough of the code inside his memory to redevelop this system of control privately, with the aid of his AI companion. 

He has yet to officially name his AI he commonly just uses pet names with it. Sense his graduation of collage he had been duplicating then modifying his own conscience into a serious of Algorithms and theories. In his simulated computer reality he effectively created his Eve as if he played Adam and God. The AI he commands that resides in his penthouse and use's his wall as a screen. It is effectively a submissive female version of him. Which is programmed with a warped sense of free will. When Peter is pleased the AI can reach Euphoric states of simulated ecstasy and is pained by his displeasure. 

Very Similar principals now reside in a series of programs inside the very Mosquitoes he has created. These mosquitoes will deliver a series of virus combining in very much the same way transistors reside inside integrated circuitry (microprocessors). Various Small viruses form clusters and interconnect. Using basic logic circuits and then compounding into more complex systems, many more levels later they from the digital organic based nanomachines. When fully formed the organic nanomachines are no larger then the human fat cells. The Mosquitoes harbor small manufacturing plans inside themselves, and are able to inject the DNA which acts effectively as a schematic using various virus required to produce the Nanomachines. The Mosquitoes then hide on the host until the viruses develop into the Nanomachines. Then the mosquito returns home or finds a secure location to reproduce it's self. The Nanomachines can affect any one of the bodies' organs including the brain. Effectively controlling everything but the thoughts of the host. Perception can be changed as well. What the Host body is feeling and seeing can be changed from what is actually happening in the immediate Environment. Effective placing the captive body in a virtual world if required. 

Instead of changing the world for the better Peter desires only control. He leaves his penthouse with the robotic guard right next to him, along with hundreds of mosquitoes. He enters the garage and goes to his car. He looks over his Japanese sedan and decides he'd like finer things. He extracts his PDA and sends a message to his AI to acquire him a Roles. He also instructs his AI to program one of the other Slesh-bots with a driving program and to contact him when it's ready. The robot guard with him places it's feet on the rear bummer and secures its self over the back trunk. He gets on to the freeway onramp and heads to the downtown club district. His guard says with the car. He considers how to select his candidates and decides to go sports bar and grill where the waitresses wear skimpy outfits. .

Having arrived at the place Peter walks to the back most area of the bar. He looks around at the customers scouting for any victims. A young attractive Latin woman is his waitress. She appears mid twenties and has obvious Breast Implants.

"Hello, My name in Angela and I'll be your Server this evening." She says with a rehearsed smile. 

"I'll take a domestic off the tap to start as I look over the menu." Peter says somewhat coldly, as he snickers in his thoughts 'Yea, you'll serve me.'

Angela lives with several of her friends in a downtown apartment and is unrealistically pursuing an Acting career. She can't act but is taking classes in the city collage as she waits tables during the day. She's 24 and things are ok. Tonight has been a slow and she off in about an hour. She thinks of asking to get off early because it's so slow. She wheels up to the bar (all waitresses are on roller blades here).

"Hey Mary can I take off. Things are slow and 17 just got their order and 21 just sat down and asked for a domestic bear." Angela asks the acting manager.

"Sure Toni is closing and can take your tables, just fill her in." Mary responds as she fills a beer glass and hands it to Angela.

Angela rolls down the bar over to Toni. "Hey Toni, Mary said I can take off can you cover 17 and 21. 17 is done and 21 hasn't ordered but a beer so far."

"Sure catch you next shift." Toni is a petite short blonde girl that looks about 7 years younger then she is.

Angela rolls to table 21 where Peter sits. Places the beer over a napkin on the table and smiles. "Toni the tiny blonde over there is taking over for me." She points over to where Toni is. "Here is your beer sir. Are you ready to...? Ouch! Something just bit me." She slaps the back of her neck. "Sorry, Are you ready to order yet sir."

Peter responds, "Nah just the beer tonight. What do I owe you? Oh look a Mosquito." He points to her neck. He thinks 'Right on target.'

"I'll cash out and bring you the receipt, have a good evening." Angela says.

Angela rolls over to the register rings up the beer and takes Peter the Receipt as well as the other table she had. She then enters the employee's area changes to her shoes and leaves work. She enters the parking lot and gets in her car to drive home. Her Vision goes black for a split second and she feels dizzy a second. 

"What was that" she says to her self. She shrugs it off. She starts her mini Truck and begins the drive home. 

At the same time she walks out of the bar Peter sends his mechanical servant to track and follow her. He then covers his bill and goes to his car to await the location. After a few moments he starts his car and goes to her apartment. He uses his PDA to find a hotel in the area. He checks into a room after arriving and waits. 

Angela gets home places her keys and purse on the kitchen table and goes to her room to change. She puts on a pair of jeans and a tight low cut white blouse with a 'V' neck showing off her cleavage. She puts on a pair of Sandals and goes to her room. Suddenly she feels very relaxed and tired. With out even taking off her sandals she lays in bed and all goes black.

Peter sits on the Hotel bed with his PDA issuing commands to the nanomachines that have now infected Angela. He takes mental notes, Total Motor control took about 15 minutes and cerebral Interface about 30 minutes. He now has complete control over how she movies and what she feels and sees. Using the same AI program algorithms he uses in his robots, simple commands can now be used to control the Infected Angela. He sends the commands to walk to the location of the hotel. He would have had her drive but the program to drive hasn't been finished yet. 

He gets and idea, later when he has infected himself he will link the Senses of the subject to his own. Possibly motor functions as well. So he could drive. Angela then arrives at his Hotel room.

To this point Angela has thought she was asleep in her room. With blurred vision she notices she is now in what appears to be another room altogether. "This isn't my apartment." She speaks.

Peter gets up from the bed and places a Do not disturb sign on the door then locks it. Angela is frozen in the middle of the room. 

"You're dreaming." Peter speaks.

"No I'm not." Angela says. She feels totally awake but for some reason she can't move any part of her own body and her vision is blurred like she's drugged but her mind seems sharp.

Peter looks over his prize. And says, "You obviously work out don't you, Angela isn't it?" 

Angela responds with out though and a bit of a laugh. "Ok now I know I'm dreaming because that's too typical for real life. But yes I do 2 hours, Four days a week at least."

Peter admires her tone arms and wishes to see more. Her stomach is obviously flat, her ass is sculpted on stair machines and her breast the best money could buy. Her face if you take the time to look at it isn't all that bad either. Permanent makeup on her lips and eyes make for a rather attractive and dark face. Tanning and genetics make her about as dark as a most Latin women get. 

"Remove your Pants." Peter Commands

"I don't think so." Angela responds but much to her surprise her arms seemingly not her own begin to slowly unbutton them. She sways gently side to side rhythmically unzipping them. Peter sits on the bed as Angela bends over slowly sliding the Jeans down over her hips. 

"Oh my God what is happening." Angela pleads.

"You are my toy. I am now your Master." Peter commands.

Angela legs are as tone as her arms. A little shorter then Peter would have drawn out but nice none the less. She kicks off the jeans along with her sandals. Standing in front of him now in just panties and her shirt. Peter notices, by the shape of her nipples protruding out of the front of her shirt, that she doesn't wear a bra. 

"Why can't I move my self. Please help me. I don't want to be naked. What is going on here? Please hel..." She continues to pleads with progressive panic in her voice. 

In the middle of her please Peters Says "MUTE!" and Angela suddenly feels her mouth and voice stop moving. Her voice is seemingly paralyzed. Much Fear and panic are apparent in her Face. 

Peter smiles at her. "Remove Panties" he commands. In the same swaying motion she seductively slides her panties down over her hips leaving her legs perfectly straight her head tilts up and blows peter a kiss. He smiles at him self he forgot he programmed that little extra there at the end. This is working perfectly. 

"Down on all Fours." He commands again.

Angela Slowly slinks down to the ground on her hands and knees. 

"Present Back" Peter continues control much to Angela's Panic. Feeling Trapped in her body not knowing what's next. Watching this strange creepy man command her body at his Whim. Tears feel up in her eyes. The desire to convulse in her own skin and inability add to the Trapped and Panicked feelings. Her body turns around on her knees and elbows. 

"Advanced Program 5 activate." Peter speaks as he begins to undress. Angela no longer able to see him, she can feel where her arms move. She takes her right hand and slides it over the back of her thigh from the inside between her legs. She props her upper body with her shoulders and she reaches back with her left hand to her upper ass. Then both hands slide up and down the inner middle thighs. 'He can see every thing like this' she thinks to her self. When is this going to end she pleads to nothingness.

Peters looks at his toy in front of him. A real Living breathing young Woman, completely under his control. Rubbing her legs exposing her ass hole and pussy right in front of him. His cock begins to swell at the image. After a few moments of rubbing her thighs Angela begins to move her hand closer and closer to her pussy. The stroke of her hands gets shorter as she gets closer. A bit longer and her middle finger begins to rub her clit as the other hand starts on her breast. Peter is totally aroused and completely hard now.

"Activate, Sexual Response Program, passive." Peter commands again. Angela is beginning to understand a bit of what's happening. Some how this Man has hooked up her body to a Voice activated computer 

'God please let this really be a dream' she pleads in her own trapped mind.. 

She feels his hand on her arm and the impulse to convulse is again repressed by the lack of control she has over her body. He lifts her to her feet and slides his hands over her sides. He then lifts off her shirt. Instead of slapping him as she wishes her arms lift to allow him. He leads her by arm to the bed now both totally naked. He presses her to the bed on her back. He moves his hands over her naked body and licks the tears from her eyes. He rubs her breast and slides his hand between her legs circling his finger around her opening. He wets his finger from her mouth and rubs it to her pussy. Her mouth, her legs, and hips all opening and allowing him. His throbbing cock twitching in anticipation. He movies his body over her. His chest resting on her oversized breasts. His knees spreading her legs further. He kisses her lips, they kiss him back Angela cries inside. None other then her own hand guides the tip of his cock to her wet pussy.

Too slowly Angela thinks Peter's cock enters her. He is on the verge of cumming already. The control over her being the greatest pleasure. He represses the organism he's feeling. He is going to make this last. He presses his cock into her reluctant pussy, the tip breaks thew the dry skin pressed again it's self, to the inner moisture. He stops the first thrust for a moment repressing cumming again. Sweating from his forehead he breathes deeply and gains control of himself. The Seconded thrust spreads the wetness inside evenly through her pussy hole and his cock. The loss of friction gives Peter some control again and he begins to move in and out of her at a slow but steady pace.

No longer believing she's dreaming Angela realized how much more her sense of touch is when she has no control of her movement. She is more aware of Peter's cock inside her then any other one, ever.

Peter's Lips move all over Angela's neck and then to her breast as he moves slowly, ever so slowly in and out of her pussy. The felling of Real flesh makes him realize how unreal his Slesh-bots really are. He's going to savor this as if it will never be able to happen again. In and out of her pussy he continues to thrust. He reaches over to his pants and moves them to uncover his PDA as he continues his Thrusting into the un-welcoming pussy. 

Angela looks up as he enters commands into his devise. She feels her hands moving up to the top of the bed, her hands grasping the Brass Frame. He tosses the PDA to the other side of the bed. Angela realizes she has control over some of her body. She can't move her legs but her torso, chest, head and shoulders are under her control again. She begins to thrash around Violently her arms free but her own hands like a vice grabbing the bed frame. Trying to buck him off Gives Peter the last bit of needed pleasure. He removes his cock from her. 

"Release all!" Peter speaks. 

Angela feels full control return to her. She screams and attempts to push Peter off of her as she feels the Hot Cum squirt from his cock over her stomach and up her chest. One spasm of cum reaches her face. She gives up and just lays there as Peter collapses overtop of her. She hears him speak.

"Paralyze!" she loses control of her body.

"Blind!" her vision goes.

"Sleep!" all gets hazy and a vague sound of 'deaf' in what appears to be a tunnel is the last thing herd.

Totally spent and slumped over his victim Peter reaches over to his PDA and calls his Robotic Servant still in Angela's Mini-truck to the Hotel. Once it arrives he commands it to clean the hotel and the victim of any possible evidence with explicit instructions to not harm or mark her. The Robotic Servant Showers Dries and Dresses Angela then it scouts the road to her apartment. Then the robot lets Peter know it's ok to send Angela home to her apartment unnoticed. Peter then drifts off to sleep in the hotel. The last thought on his mind is how many he thinks he can control at once.