 Author's Note: This story contains light BDSM elements. All characters depicted are 18 years of age or older. Enjoy!

----------

No one ever gets these things right. 

Yes, Mother Goose—that's me! What threw you off—the garters and stockings and black leather whip? Like I said, no one ever gets these things right. Father Goose says they've twisted all my stories around, and according to the books he brought home with him after he crossed back over, they all claim I never existed at all! I guess, historically speaking, that's true. I never did exist in that world. From what I hear, it's dreadfully dull. I'm sure I would just be bored. It's probably better that the real stories never made it out. I don't know that the Earthfolk were ready for them. 

Little Miss MuffetLittle Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and whey; Along came a spider, Who sat down beside her, And frightened Miss Muffet away.

The girl had obviously been crying. Mother watched from her upstairs window, holding one of her newly acquired kittengirls, the black one she called Eve. The kitten was licking Mother's fingers, her human face staring up with adoration at the woman holding her, periodically rubbing her soft black ears against Mother's exposed breasts. 

"Willie!" Mother called, scratching the white patch at Eve's throat as she watched the girl below. She was a tiny thing, her blonde curls bouncing as she stepped out of the carriage, holding on to Blue's outstretched hand. The girl's eyes were red, and she looked over Mother's estate with big eyes. 

"Yes, Mother?" The little man bowed and stood waiting. 

"Ah, there you are!" Mother smiled down at him. "Little Miss Muffet has arrived. Will you show her to the drawing room? Make her comfortable, give her something to eat? It was a long journey."

"Yes, Mother." Willie smiled, bowing and turning to go. The kitten batted playfully at the lace edging of Mother's black corset, her claws catching in the material. 

Mother sighed. "Oh, and Willie?" The little man turned back to her. "Can you do something about these kitty claws? They're making a mess of my clothes, not to mention my furniture."

"Yes, Mother." He nodded, reaching for the kitten. Mother handed it over, plucking her long peignoir from a hook and buttoning the see-through black lace from breasts to thighs for her first meeting with the Little Miss. 

"Mother?" A knock on the door and Blue's voice distracted her from straightening the seams on her black fishnet stockings.

"Yes, darling? Come in!" she called, still turned in the mirror, her lace peignoir pulled up to expose her smooth, round buttocks as she adjusted the straps of her garters. 

"Miss Muffet has arrived," Blue said, stepping into the room, his eyes sweeping over her. 

"Blue, will you straighten my seams?" Mother asked, turning her back toward him and looking over her shoulder. 

"Of course." He came to kneel beside her, running his hands over the fishnet stockings, straightening as he went. Her pussy was exposed, as always, as she leaned forward a little to give him more access—Mother never wore panties. His hand brushed the bare skin of her upper thigh and she sighed at his touch.

"Ah, Blue." Mother smiled down at him. "I wish we had time. I have to see to our new charge. I saw she was upset?"

"Quite," Blue agreed, standing and watching Mother's peignoir fall over her form, leaving just enough to the imagination to be titillating. "I had a bit of... difficulty... getting her into the carriage."

Mother chuckled, turning to face him. "Meaning you had to toss the bit of fluff over your shoulder and carry her?"

Blue grinned. "She didn't want to leave her father."

"Poor man." Mother shook her head. "It's hard to raise an obedient daughter these days." 

Blue shook his foot, where the boykitten, an orange tiger-striped thing, was tugging at the laces of his boots. "I imagine you will remedy that, Mother dear."

"Indeed," she replied, bending to scoop up the kitten she had named Toby, who had retreated under the bed to bat at the edge of her peignoir. "These kittens. They're becoming more problematic every day."

Blue watched the boykitten lick Mother's fingers. His purr was incredibly loud as he rubbed against her, and his human parts, most notably his erection, were quite apparent. "It will likely be worth it in the long run."

Mother smiled. "That's what I'm hoping. Here." She handed Toby over to Blue. "Take him to Willie, will you? He's supposed to do something about their claws. I don't want to keep the Little Miss waiting."

Blue set off to find Willie and Mother made her way down the long staircase and through the main hall, the heels of her tall black boots clicking against the floor. When she pulled open the double doors leading to the drawing room, she saw the Little Miss, sitting on a low stool near the fire, eating something with a spoon from a bowl. 

Mother strode into the room, coming to stand near the girl, who looked up at her with wide, blue eyes. "You are little miss Muffet?" 

"Y-yes," she murmured, her eyes scanning Mother's attire with a look of wonder and shock. "Please, I don't know why I'm here. Who are you?"

"You may call me Mother," the older woman said, folding her arms over her breasts and looking down at the girl.

"I don't have a Mother," she said softly, tears in her eyes. "Only my father... and he—he let that awful man take me away...!"

"Well, this will work out nicely then," Mother said softly. She squatted down next to the girl, using a thumb to wipe at her tears. The girl looked hopeful and almost smiled. Mother stood and took a seat in the wing chair next to the fire behind the petite blonde. 

"Please," the girl begged, looking over her shoulder at the older woman. "I don't understand why I'm here?"

"You, my little miss Muffet," Mother said, fingering the girl's silky blonde curls. "Have been sent to me by your father."

"My father?" The girl turned towards her, frowning.

Mother smiled, touching the girl's cheek. "Yes, your dear father has given you to me for... let's call it 'obedience training.'"

The blonde's little rosebud mouth dropped open. "Oh."

"Now... little miss Muffy..." Mother's finger traced the line of the girl's jaw. "You are telling me you have no idea why you might be here?"

The girl shook her head vigorously, her curls bouncing, but her cheeks were more flushed, her eyes wider still. "No... no. I'm a good girl," she insisted.

"Mmm-hmm," Mother murmured, leaning forward toward her as if she were going to tell her a secret. "You will be, when you leave here, Muffy dear."

The girl shook her head. "Please. It wasn't anything—"

Mother chuckled. "No? I don't believe you." She reached out and dabbed at the corner of the girl's mouth, where a little bit of thin white milk from her curds and whey remained. 

"What I do believe... is that you have been a very naughty girl," Mother insisted, narrowing her eyes at the younger woman. "Yes, I do believe so."

"We didn't do anything!" Muffy insisted, her eyes pleading, tears threatening again. "Father was angry when he found him in my room, but I swear to you—!"

"We shall see," Mother replied with a nod, pursing her lips. "And you will be punished if you are lying."

The girl groaned, lowering her head, and Mother saw tears falling onto the soft white muslin of her dress. 

"Naughty girls are punished, Muffy dear," Mother said softly, tucking a mass of thick blonde curls behind the girl's ear. "But you are here to learn to be a good girl. Can you be a good girl?"

"Yes," Muffy whispered, not looking up at her. 

"We'll see," Mother replied, sounding doubtful. 

As Mother stood, it all seemed to happen at once. She saw the third kittengirl, the black and white one called Lucy, playing with something under the stool Muffy was sitting on. She thought it was a bit of fuzz at first, but then it moved, crawling on eight rather large, hairy legs toward the fire to get away from the kitten. 

Muffy saw the spider and screamed as the kitten pounced, and her curds and whey went flying as she leapt up and stood on the stool. The bowl shattered on the hearth and the spoon clattered to the floor and slid under the chair, sending the kitten mewling toward the other side of the room in her fright at all of the commotion. 

"Willie!" Mother called, sighing. The little man didn't come for a moment and Mother went to retrieve the third kittengirl, who was cowering under the sideboard, her human eyes registering more fear than any normal kitten could. Mother coaxed her out and lifted her just as Willie entered. He was carrying the other two kittens, who seemed to be wearing something tied over their paws. 

"I found Lucy," Mother announced, handing over the third kittengirl. Willie juggled her, making room in his arms. "What are those things on their paws?"

"Mittens," Willie replied, looking rather proud of his invention. "To help with the claws."

"Ah." Mother nodded and then jerked her head toward where Muffy was now cowering in the corner of the chair Mother had vacated. "I'm sorry, but our guest was startled by a rather large spider, and we have a bit of a mess."

"Yes, Mother," Willie said, trying to keep the third kittengirl, Lucy, from clawing her way over his shoulder. "I will tend to it."

"Thank you, darling." Mother leaned over and kissed the little man on the forehead, and then turned back to the girl. 

"You," Mother said, pointing at the blonde. "Yes, you. Come with me."

Mother didn't turn to see if she was following, she just made her way back up the stairs to her bedroom. When she entered the room, she unbuttoned her peignoir, putting it back onto the hook. The girl was standing, trembling in the doorway, watching Mother expose herself. The older woman was wearing a black corset, garters, fishnet stockings and boots, and yet nothing covered her most sensitive, secret parts. 

"Come in," Mother called, taking a seat on the edge of her tall, wide bed. The girl edged forward, her hands clasped tightly in front of her, her face red. Her eyes wandered, trying to find somewhere less embarrassing to look.

"Come here, Muffy." Mother crooked a finger at her. "Closer." The girl was standing in front of the woman now, biting her lip. "Good. Now turn."

Muffy swallowed hard, turning slowly. Mother began to work on the long row of buttons on her white muslin dress, opening it to the waist and then pulling it down to the floor. She could feel the girl trembling and she smiled. 

"Please," Muffy begged, looking back over her shoulder. Mother ignored her. The girl was wearing a long, full petticoat underneath, that required more unbuttoning. This work was more rewarding, however, as the girl's pale, milky skin began to be revealed. 

Mother pulled the petticoat down over her shoulders, pushing it off the girl's hips and letting it fall to the floor. Now there was a white corset, laced up tight, a pair of white stockings and a pair of white panties to contend with. She admired the girl's form for a moment with a small smile, the tiny waist, the soft, rounded hips. She was quite a beauty.

"What are you doing?" Muffy whispered as Mother's fingers began to work their way past the edges of the girl's panties. 

"That boy, the one your father found in your room," Mother murmured, smiling when she found the soft, downy hair between the girl's legs, her slightly parted lips. "Did he put anything here?" Mother's finger slipped between the girls slit, rubbing up and down.

Muffy gasped. "Oh! No! I swear!" 

"Are you sure?" Mother asked, standing up and removing her fingers. She turned Muffy to face her, and the girl's eyes were wide with fear. "You will be punished if you are lying to me."

Muffy swallowed hard, but she shook her head. "No. Nothing happened."

Mother nodded, turning the girl again so she was facing the bed and bending her over it. Muffy squirmed and whimpered, nearly tripping on the tangle of clothes on the floor. Mother kicked them out of the way and yanked the girl's panties down as far as she could. They got caught up on the garters and stockings, but it exposed her enough.

"What... what are you doing?" Muffy whimpered, and Mother could see her tears again. The girl must have cried buckets in the past few days. 

"I'm going to see if you're telling me the truth," Mother told her, kneeling behind the girl and parting her soft, swollen lips with her fingers. The hair here was a fine, light blonde fuzz, and her pussy was a pale, soft pink. 

Muffy's legs snapped together, and she whimpered again, pleading, "Please, I'm telling you the truth. Please don't."

"If you are telling me the truth," Mother replied, using her hands to open the girl's legs again, wider this time. "Then you don't have anything to be afraid of, do you?"

Muffy began to sob, burying her face in the mattress. 

"Ohhh Muffy," Mother murmured, admiring the girl's flesh. "You have the prettiest little Muff." Mother continued to open the girl's lips, first the outer ones, thick and fleshy, then the inner ones, thinner, more slick, until she could see the small pink opening she was looking for. 

"Now, Muffy, did I misunderstand you, dearest?" Mother asked, rubbing her finger against the hole. "You said he didn't put anything in here. Didn't you?"

Mother pressed a finger into the hole, then two. The passage was soft and wet and smooth. There was no hymen to prevent her from inserting a third, and so she did, sighing. Muffy continued to sob and squirm on the bed. Mother pressed her fingers deep inside, and began moving them in and out. 

"Ohhh please," Muffy moaned, her voice muffled. "Please!"

"You have been a very naughty girl," Mother murmured, sliding her fingers out and licking at them. The girl's juices tasted sweet. "Remember what I said about naughty girls, Muffy?"

The girl continued to sob, and Mother grasped her by the hair, pulling her up from the bed. Muffy gasped, her eyes wide. "Oh god, please, please, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry."

"That's good," Mother said, nodding, her eyes dropping down to the girl's breasts, much fuller than she expected them to be, bound under the corset. "But it doesn't mean you don't have to be punished."

"Ohhh nooooo," Muffy groaned, closing her eyes, her whole body trembling. 

Mother turned her around, beginning to unlace her corset. "You will learn how to do what you're told. Do you understand me?" Her fingers pulled the corset apart, exposing the bare flesh underneath. 

"Y-yes," Muffy whispered as Mother turned her and yanked her panties and stockings down, having her step out of it all so that she was completely nude.

"You lied to me, didn't you?" Mother asked, standing in front of the young girl. The top of her head barely came to Mother's shoulder. 

"Y-yes," Muffy admitted, her cheeks flushing, her eyes downcast. 

Mother leaned over, putting her arms around the girl and pulling her in tight. Muffy gasped, and Mother whispered into her ear, "You let that boy put his big, hard cock into your cunt, didn't you?"

"Yes." The girl nodded, her voice muffled, her mouth pressed against Mother's exposed breasts.

"That's a good girl," Mother murmured, stroking her hair, kissing the top of her head. "You behave and tell Mother the truth. Now say, 'Yes, Mother.'"

"Y-yes, Mother," Muffy whispered, looking up at the woman. Her eyes were wide, but there was more than fear in them now, and Mother smiled. 

"Now, about your punishment." Mother led Muffy over to the wall. Tears ran down the girl's cheeks, wetting her breasts, and Mother lifted the girl's arms above her head and restrained her wrists with the shackles she kept for just this purpose. 

"Please don't hurt me," Muffy whispered. "I didn't mean anything. I didn't know it was bad. It happened before I knew it."

Mother smiled, her eyes full of sympathy. "Now, Muffy," she murmured, cupping her face in her hands and wiping the girl's tears with her thumbs. "You said you would tell Mother the truth."

"I am!" The girl's voice trembled, and Mother watched as her breasts swayed prettily, the pale, pink nipples hard against the cool air. 

Mother sighed, shaking her head and going over to the cabinet. She chose a large, black one, both thick and long, probably much more than the little miss had ever taken before. Muffy's eyes were saucer-like as she stared at the phallic thing in Mother's hand as she approached.

"Did it look something like this, Muffy?" Mother asked, stroking the dildo, wetting it with her tongue. "Did he put it in your mouth first?"

Muffy groaned, closing her eyes and biting her lip. She looked as if she were wishing herself somewhere else, and that made Mother smile. 

"Tell Mother the truth," the older woman encouraged, teasing the girl's nipples with the tip of the black dildo. It was dark against her pale, pink skin. Muffy moaned, squirming, pulling against her restraints, her eyes still closed.

"Please," she whispered. "Please don't make me do this."

"Poor Muffy," Mother murmured, kneeling down in front of the girl and trailing the dildo over her quivering belly. "You just have to tell Mother the truth."

"Yes," Muffy said, looking down with wide eyes at Mother kneeling at her feet, holding that huge thing in her hands. "Yes, is that what you want to hear? Yes, he put it in my mouth. Yes, he put it in my... in... me." Her face was red and her voice shook. "Yes, yes, yes!"

"'Yes, Mother,'" she corrected the girl, her fingers probing the girl's cunt, spreading her open, admiring her. Her clit was a small bud, and Mother rubbed it slowly with her thumb.

"Yes, Mother," Muffy said, letting out a soft sigh as Mother rubbed her clit in circles.

Mother smiled. "Yesssss," she purred. "And... did you like it?"

Muffy moaned, closing her eyes again, hanging her head. She nodded, her curls bobbing, moving to hide her face. She whispered, "Yes... yes, Mother."

"You liked being fucked, didn't you, Muffy?" Mother asked, her thumb moving faster now. She slipped a finger up inside the girl and found her very wet. 

"Yes, Mother," Muffy whispered, spreading her legs a little bit wider. "Ohh! Oh, yes, Mother!"

Mother watched the girl's face, her growing flush, listening to her little cries of pleasure as she moved her fingers in and out of her wet cunt. She was getting lost in the sensation, moaning and gasping. Mother waited, continuing to work Muffy's pussy with her hand, until the girl was bucking and thrusting hard against her in a frenzy. 

"Nooooo!" Muffy cried when Mother slipped her fingers out, sitting back a little and looking at the girl. Her eyes were half-closed, and her thighs were wet with her juices. 

"Ohhhh, please!" she begged, looking down at the older woman.

"Tell me," Mother instructed. "Tell me you liked his big cock in your wet cunt."

Muffy groaned and sighed. "I... I liked his big cock." Her voice was low.

"Go on," Mother encouraged.

"I... I liked his big cock... in my wet cunt," she whispered, arching her back as she said it. "Oh, god... please. I did. Mother, please!"

"Yes," Mother murmured, opening the girl's lips, this time with the bulbous tip of the dildo. Muffy looked down at her in shock and she cried out when Mother slid the length of it up deep inside of her. She was so wet now that it slipped in easily.

"Tell me you liked him fucking you," Mother demanded, twisting the dildo inside of the girl's tight flesh. 

"I liked him fucking me," Muffy said, rocking her hips on the big black cock between her legs. "Oooooo yes. Oh, I loved him fucking me, Mother!"

Smiling, the older woman began to move the cock in and out of the girl, fucking her slow and easy. 

"Yesssss!" Muffy moaned, rocking back and forth, like she wanted to take more and more of the length of it into her. Mother obliged, pushing it as deeply as she could, and the girl cried out, straining against her. 
