 I have a secret I'd like to share with you. No one knows it, and since I'm using a pen name you too won't know who I really am. Once you know what it is you may want to take it from me. But it's mine. It belongs to me and I own it. Got that? *Wink*

I'm from Japan, and when I went to the U.S.A to study (and eventually live there), it was the first time I was away from home for so long. I also had to kiss goodbye to all my lovers, both young and old. Boy did it take weeks to "kiss" each of them for the last time.

So here I was, in a apartment near campus all by myself, having to do all the household chores on top of studying hard to do my parents proud. I found myself masturbating at least three times a week, more frequently when I reached my fertile stage of the month. It was my own private pleasure time. My whole mind would be consumed by the need to rush home and fuck myself, whether at school or travelling around the country, always resulting in soaked panties between my creamy thighs and a blush on my fair face. Anticipation feeds my sexual appetite, and after the final throes of a huge orgasm, I'm in a state of euphoria the whole day... till I get the urge again. I find playing with my toy much better than having sex with guys. I can control how fast, how deep, how hard I want a cock in my pussy. My toy has one asset that sets it apart from all other sex toys though. It has the ability to read my depraved mind and make my fantasies come true.

Yes, you read that right. Before I left the Narita airport, my auntie gave me a wooden box. She told me to open it only when I felt lonely and needed to release my frustration. I didn't give much thought about it because it looked like a mini coffin, and she was known as the unpopular eccentric family member. I merely mumbled thanks, stuffed it into my luggage case and checked it in. Without further elaboration, I rued the fact that I cast it aside for months, cast it totally out of my mind. 

The first time I opened it, all I saw was this green jelly like mass. A note written by my aunt explained that this was a sex toy and that it would give me many hours of pleasure. You should have seen my puzzled frown and the burst of hysterical laughter that followed. I laughed till I cried. When the last tremors of giggles was over, I though I would try it. After all, there was no harm in it right? Did I ever tell you I'm always curious about things, and have gotten into trouble more than a few times because of my insatiable thirst for knowledge? (Read: danger and excitement *evil grin*) 

Feeling a bit silly, I lay down on my bed, picked up the green mass and placed it between my legs. A few seconds passed, and there was a stirring of some sort. It's hard to describe what actually happened. All I knew was that there was a mental cum spiritual connection between the green jelly and me. The jelly moved and proceeded to rub itself against my clit. Any sane person would be screaming with horror and jumping away from this strange thing. But somehow I knew it wouldn't hurt me and it wanted to give me pleasure. I was calm, comfortable and soon I got an orgasm. Just a mild one, but it was good enough for the first time. 

I decided to name it 'Apple' because of its colour and the far off connotation of Adam and Eve falling into temptation all for an apple. The second night, Apple showed off more of its skills. It was doing a great job pleasuring me, his smooth texture against my warm clit, rubbing, sucking (don't ask me how it does it, I just know what I do feel), even licking! Waves of pleasure washed over me, making me arch my back and press my head into my soft pillow. I couldn't help but moan and pinch my rosy pierced nipples. The pleasure intensified as Apple increased its pressure and pace. My legs spread further, my pussy juices starting to flow onto Apple, my hands were on my breasts, squeezing them, pinching, pulling and rolling hard my stiff nipples. I have metallic barbells embedded in my small pink nipples, and the pain from the cruel administration made me gasp with pleasure.

Without warning, Apple slipped into my wet, warm tight pussy and stayed inside. I gasped from the pleasure and slight pain from the harsh intrusion. When I took a quick peek down there, I could still see most of Apple outside my body. Hmmm. Whatever. I couldn't think. One single thought dominated my entire being at the moment: to reach orgasm. "That thing" had expanded and filled my pussy completely, and it wasn't a snug fit; my muscled pussy had never before felt so full. My hands gripped the bed sheets for a moment before releasing them and lie quietly on both sides of my sweaty body. That sensation of being full had me totally lost in bliss and my body was under its spell. While Apple slowly slid in and out of my aching pussy, it never stopped its work on my clit. Oh the pleasure! It was much better than any dildo that came with a clit tickler.

In and out it moved, and it increased its pace, going faster and faster. It also went harder and deeper, just the way I wanted it. But the little devil cunningly continued its constant rhythm on massaging my clit. It massaged various points on my clit; on the sides, my pee hole, the pubic mound, rub, rub, rub. Never ceasing, constant speed and pressure. The contrast of movement made me shiver in delight, and my legs trembled because of the oncoming orgasm that was to come.

My moans were getting louder, my head thrashed left and right and I punished my nipples even more. Fingers found their way to my sweet mouth and I hungrily sucked them. I dipped my hand in my pussy to coat it with my juices and jabbed them in my mouth. Warm sweet nectar danced in my warm mouth and my soft tongue. My orgasm meter went up another notch. It wasn't the taste that heightened the sexual experience; it was the act of finger fucking my mouth. My hips thrust forward and backward wildly to meet the cock that mercilessly fucked me, making my breasts jiggle up and down, building up the volcano inside me. I clutched my full breasts and squeezed real hard, digging into my flesh, pressing the barbells further into my sore nipples. 

When the volcano finally erupted, I practically screamed till I was hoarse, my entire body stiffened and elongated, my back arched off the bed making my breasts jut out and my hands were tangled with my black silky hair. Sweat beads adorned my face and I basked in the after effects of my satisfying orgasm. Somehow I managed to put Apple back in his box and tumble back to bed.

For the next few weeks, I experimented with Mr. Apple. Apparently he has the uncanny ability to know my secret desires, and exact the right amount of pressure and speed to make me orgasm. He is like a dream come true, and these are some of his physical capabilities – 1. He can act as a dildo vibrator, pulsing in my pussy, switching from fast to slow and back to fast, keeping me just on the edge of orgasm. Apple can even rotate fully in my pussy while he continues his increasing punishment of poking into and withdrawing out of my pink dripping pussy. He can sense that even though I scream "Yes! Yes! Please let me cum now!" Even though I plead with tears in my eyes, he knows I secretly mean to say, "No, I ache for your artful touch to torture me more. Apple I beg you, please please keep me awhile longer on the plateau before you drop me over!" So he goes slow, Real Slow just to keep my body teetering on the edge but not over it. Fucking evil green putty. Mr. Apple actually restrains me if I attempt to tear him from my pussy. His tentacles quickly wrap around my arms and pull away from my body. A few more will coil round my toned milky legs, drag my entire body unceremoniously down to the edge of my mattress and anchor themselves to the bedposts, leaving my lower body helplessly dangling. My pussy is slightly elevated, which means it is displayed prettily in front of him, and he can tease the sensitive skin between my pussy and my ass. When I yell at him to stop that, I sense him grinning at me while he deftly strokes the dark crevice and to prove his point further, insolently licks my ass rim languorously.

2. Not only can he vibrate, fill up my pussy and fuck me independently, he can choose to tickle my sensitive G-spot. I can feel Apple intentionally stay in my pussy rather than pull out for the next thrust and slowly but steadily, stroke my soft spongy spot. On the outside, Apple will rub my clit. Two hyper sensitive spots, close to each other but on different sides of my flesh, skillfully aroused by warm fingers (that is the closest description I can say about how it feels like) eventually forcing me to orgasm, finishing in shivering sobs. I always feel like a starfish when my orgasm ends: arms flat out or above my head and legs spread wide open.

3. The problem with masturbation is that you only have one pair of hands. If one hand is on your dildo pumping in and out of your wet pussy, you only have one hand left to pleasure your breasts. And how are you going to squeeze your breasts at all if you want to hold your dildo and pinch your clit? The answer to all your problems is the All-In-One Mr. Apple. Now all my masturbation sessions have me lying there, as passive as I can while my toy does all the work. My only job is to moan, cry, scream, arch my back wildly, thrash about, change positions like from the chair to my knees and arms and eventually on my back on my bed, and of course, the most important one, to orgasm magnificently and squirt female cum all over Apple. Apple will send out four green slimy-like tentacles out to wrap around my breasts and tease my nipples. He loves my breasts and nipples just the way he loves my clit; licking, sucking, gentle nips. Once I experimented by wearing nipple rings. The sly fellow wrapped around them and tugged hard, never skipping a beat with his rhythmic pumping of my pussy. When my body reached fulfillment, Apple pulled the rings so hard it felt as if they were going to be torn from my nipples, making my orgasm last a few more seconds, or was it a second smaller orgasm? Hmm, whatever. I've since been wearing only nipple rings with tiny bells that tinkle whenever my breasts jiggle hard or the rings are flicked up and down.

4. Besides being a pussy dildo, Mr. Apple enjoys forcing me to suck another cock, while he fucks my pussy AND my ass. All three cocks (I guess it's easier to call them cocks than anything else) will either synchronise with each other, pulling out and plunging into my orifices or taking turns as if my body was a musical instrument lovingly played by them. Either way it drives me crazy. He plays real rough, three thick cocks fully stretching three tight moist holes, slowly pulling out, but savagely slamming into them over and over again. I love to lick and gently graze him with my teeth, feeling the cock shudder in appreciation. The feeling of being forced to give his cock a deep throat and unable to breathe for a moment, the fullness in my pussy and ass and the occasionally squishy sounds that accompany the fucking is totally sinful. I'm a sucker for feeling violated in every hole. I'm totally spent when all is over. My bed sheets are in a mess, I'm soaked in perspiration, my hot mouth open and panting, my breasts heaving up and down, female cum and pussy juices still trickling out from my used holes. I'm either in the doggy style or lying on my back when he fucks me like this, but there was one time when we did this standing up, and I held on to the pull-up bar above me for dear life. I was on my knees when we were done; my quivering legs could no longer hold me up. Maybe I should try this on my elongated piano stool, with my legs and arms dangling on either side. 

There are more ways I can play with Apple. The more I learnt and experimented, the better the sex was. The Internet was the oft-used tool to find more exotic ways for self-pleasure. I love it when my long silky hair gets tugged hard, especially when I'm in doggy style and Apple yanks my hair so that my face is forced up and made to pleasure his cock. My slutty nipples beg to get clamp real hard and my pussy lips also crave attention, demanding to be cruelly pulled apart and gripped tightly. The sudden sharp bite on my clit always elicits a shrill scream from my tortured throat; a vicious nip and a hard suck on my tender nipples which are already stretched away from my breasts gets a louder shrill out of me. Getting my clit hood and inner pussy lips pierced were the best investment I ever made. Mr. Apple never fails to toy with them. I thought I was the teacher, but my wonderful toy always takes our enjoyment one step further and makes our playtime more erotic, more decadent.

I once made him tear my flimsy nightclothes off. As usual, I placed him on my abdomen. He was such a teaser, playing with my body getting me all hot and wet before tearing the camisole and g-string panty from my slim trembling body. I now know it hurts when my clothes are savagely torn from my body, and more so when my thong has been pulled up tight so that it cuts into my pussy lips and presses against my clit. The pain was so good when he spanks my pussy with the thong still pulled tight. But Apple didn't want me to get too comfortable. Two tentacles hooked onto the side strings and ripped off the soaking wet panty. The pain was equivalent to a Brazilian wax. I hope my beautician never notices that I get wet from her clinical work on me. But I guess it's hard to ignore a trail of pussy juice slowly making its way from my pussy hole, to my ass crack and leave a souvenir on the towel that was on the couch. 

Anyway, back to the story. Then he proceeded to gently 'make love' to me. I was caught off guard when I found myself blindfolded, and mouth forcefully stuffed with the torn bits of clothing. I was spread like a starfish and the only parts of my body that could move were the muscles in my pussy and butt. No, make it my fingers and toes too. They flexed and curled up, a reflexive action from the body and mind torture I was subjected to and had no control over. Mr. Apple became the Dom., I was the willing slave. I swear he has a mind of his own. These were the times when he takes over the scene, and I'm totally at his mercy. I hate it when I know that he knows that I want to be "raped" hard, fucked and used however he pleases. Dark fantasies played out secretly in my perverted mind but never revealed in physical form are now revealed in the open. Sometimes he forces me to orgasm because he has a tentacle up in my womb, stroking my innermost womanhood. Oh that audacious lover of mine.

We've tried almost everything, including strangling me while I reached the peak of ecstasy, and forcing me to have countless of orgasms the whole night. Female cum and pussy juices mingled on the bed sheets, the floor and my lover couch. Body totally exhausted, tears flowed and dripped with my sweat. I drank lots of water because of all the lost body fluids, whew. My pussy was sore for three days and it smart a little when I peed. But it was a damn good fuck. Think about it – no guy can ever give you orgasms over and over the whole night. He can only purposely bring you to the brink and build up all that excitement again, but he can only have that much energy to entertain you. Ever since I got Mr. Apple, I never fucked another guy. The last time I fucked a hunk, Apple somehow knew, and he punished me by withholding my release for a long time. When he was satisfied that I had learnt my lesson and I was screaming, begging and sobbing real badly, he finally plunged into my ass, squeezed my breasts real hard, and sucked hard at my clit. 

Tonight, I want Mr. Apple to fuck my three holes again and leave a dark red love bite on my neck when I arch my back for the final time. Then I'll sleep well, ready for tomorrow's life challenges.

In a little box, in the dark, a green slimy mass of goo sits quietly. He's waiting for his lover to take him out and pleasure her. "You're mine, always. You will have no other lovers. All your juices fuel me, give me energy. Body and soul, I own you. You belong to me, you're mine, all mine." He chants over and over again.