 Welcome back into my imagination. In this story, I envision life as a furry.

My character is an anthropomorphic horse. He's a member of a small but growing population of a subspecies that resulted from an ill-fated attempt to expand the lifespan of horses by injecting them with human DNA while they were still in the womb.

As you would expect, the result was a smaller humanoid with a horse's head atop the upper body of a human, and their lower half was the hind end of a powerfully built equine. They had human intelligence, an upright gait, and of course they could talk.

Naturally, they quickly became accepted into the human population. However, inter-species marriage and procreation between humans and anthro horses was frowned upon, but it wasn't illegal.

While some anthros became successful, highly skilled, highly paid professionals, most provided employers with a large pool of anthropomorphic laborers. The sports entertainment industry also benefited, as they were able to double their portfolio of sports performed by horses.

And so it was inevitable that it would become acceptable and legal to breed them, although breeding was referred to as planned population expansion.

~~~

Alright, now get the picture. Theodore Harvester had a long and distinguished career as an anthropomorphic race horse. He then worked for years at stud on Bareback Farm, until he retired from his career as a cock for hire a few months ago. He then transitioned from having an unlimited number of sex partners when he was a stud, to being one of the most eligible bachelors in the anthro community. His paid speeches and public appearances were also prime opportunities for picking up some stray cat. 

But when he and Katie became a couple, his life changed a lot. Suddenly he was limited to having sex with just one woman. For a few months he was OK with turning down random pussy, but lately the lack of variety had begun to wear on him. Couple that feeling with the monotony that comes with having as much free time as a retiree has, it's understandable that he'd started to feel restless. So he tried to fix the situation by getting back into the workforce at the Anthro Sports Programming Network, calling Anthro Horsemen races and covering the sport in general.

This chapter of Ted's story chronicles the events that occurred on the first Saturday in May at Bareback Downs that changed his life again. 

~

He'd spent the previous week in town getting ready to cover the year's first big day of racing, the famous Run For The Begonias. Not only was he part of the ASPN crew, he'd be making a short speech as the guest of honor at his former home track. He'd also be running in a celebrity race as part of the day's preliminary activities, before making the call during a charity performance prior to the day's featured event. If doing all of that wasn't enough, he had an interview with Glue Factory Racing magazine scheduled at Noon, over lunch.

~

Normally Katie and Ted spend every weekend together, and stay in their own home during the week, with each of them taking their turn to visit the other on Wednesday night. Now that Ted had begun his new job at ASPN, he's out of town often, meaning they've had less time together.

She had caught a flight after work on Friday to come to the city to spend the weekend with him. They'd planned to spend the night together at the hotel housing the ASPN broadcast crew, then she'd go to the race on Saturday with the Friends of Equines Auxiliary, before attending the race after party that night, and finally going back home on Sunday.

When she arrived at the airport she received a text from Ted, it read, "Hello Katie, I'm in a meeting. An Uber driver will meet you in the terminal and take you to The Brown. I'll meet you there." 

Unbeknownst to her, Ted had taken a room for the weekend at the famous hotel so he'd be closer to a group of his fellow former champion Anthro horsemen, who were also in town for the big race. The fact that the ladies of the Friends of Equines Auxiliary were also staying at the same hotel was no coincidence.

Katie was delivered to the hotel a few minutes after leaving baggage claim. The luxury hotel's lobby was opulent, and she soon found out her and Ted's room was elegant.

He met her in the lobby with a kiss on the cheek she thought was somewhat chaste. He explained his reason for changing hotels, and told her about the meet and greet being held by the Auxiliary they'd be going to that evening. He then excused himself to go hangout with his fellow legendary Anthro horsemen while leaving her to freshen up after her flight.

Though Katie was a member of the Auxiliary, she'd never traveled to a race with the group, but she was there now so she figured why not spend some time with them?

~

The social hour was a casual affair, with attire of choice for the women being a sundress, while the men came as they were. As she and Ted made the rounds it quickly became apparent that the only people there were Anthro horsemen and the ladies of the Auxiliary, most of whom happened to have husbands. 

Ted introduced her to his former competitors; they were Bucephalus, Traveller, Moreno, Trigger, Hyperion, and Black Beauty. Each of them greeted her warmly as the shook her hand until she met Black Beauty. In a voice as smooth as melted butter, he said, "Hello Katherine Empress Graham. Ted has told me so much about you til I feel like we're friends." Then he kissed the back of her hand.

After pausing a moment to allow the tingle that traveled through her body and settled in her clit to subside, she returned his greeting. "Charmed, I'm sure," she said before moving on.

For the next number of minutes she chatted with a group of the ladies she knew best; Gracie, Bell, Missy, Bitsy, and Queeny. After talking with them, and making plans to watch the race together, Katie then continued to move about the room. When she observed several Anthros leave the room with one of the ladies on his arm she was pretty sure she knew what was happening, but it wasn't her business. Regardless she was tired, so she decided to call it an early night, leaving Ted at the party.

When she woke up in Ted's arms the next morning for the first time in two weeks she went straight for his cock, but when Katie wrapped her fingers around his limp tally whacker Ted groggily pushed her hand away. "You can't do that," he told her. "I have to race today. I've got to save my legs."

Katie giggled before saying, "That's not your leg silly. It's that big thick cock of yours. You owe me a good fucking, in case you've forgotten. But if you'd rather win a race than get some pussy, suit yourself," she told him as she got out of bed and strutted to the bathroom; making her ass wiggle more than necessary.

Katie was more human than Anthro, but her butt and pussy bore enough of a resemblance to a horse for her swollen sex to be seen from behind. Ted could see it winking at him as he watched her walk across the floor. It was true that he hadn't mounted her in two weeks, and it was powerfully tempting in a way, but being back around the scene on a big race weekend again had reminded him what he'd been missing from his life lately, and he just wasn't feeling Katie right then.

~

The interview was held in the hotel's restaurant. The interviewer from Glue Factory Racing was obviously a fan of Ted. Oddly, the theme of the article was to compare Ted's virility as a stud favorably to Mr. Prospector's success at providing the bloodline for future champion racehorses. "Mr. Ted, while you have not yet sired a champion," said the excited interviewer. "And Mr. Prospector has produced nearly two hundred of them directly or indirectly, he can't match your prowess as a stud. I've heard you could get it up and get off ten times in a single day. Is that true?" asked the interviewer.

Katie, who had accompanied Ted, couldn't keep herself from blushing when she heard the interviewer's question. "It was that way, but it's not that way now," responded Ted, sounding kinda down while stealing a glance at Katie, who for the first time noticed how glum he was

"Mr. Ted," said the interviewer. "I've also heard that many of the Anthro women would begin to speak in tounges as a result of the pleasure you gave them when you slipped the meat to them. Is that accurate?"

Ted had a wistful look on his face, but he didn't answer. He was remembering those days spent plowing one pussy after another, and how much he enjoyed fucking a variety of females.

Finally Katie interrupted. "Mr. Gluman, as Mr. Ted's publicist," she lied harmlessly. "Surely Mr. Ted's long and distinguished racing career would be more interesting to his fans, then the details of the drudgery of trying to find the next Mr. Ted.

"Should that next champion come along, Mr. Ted will be more than happy to sit for an interview with you along side the mother of said champion. Until that time Mr. Ted would prefer to relive memorable races, and tell his fans how humbled he is that they still remember him."

From that point on the interview was conducted in a more typical manner. "Of course Madame, as you wish," responded the contrite interviewer, nodding in Katie's direction before asking his next question. "Mr. Ted, it is my understanding that you were born with such natural ability that you never had to train or sacrifice in any way in order to win races. How do you feel about those average athletes, who win by displaying guts, grit, and determination, the ones who work at their craft twenty-five hours a day, eight days a week?"

Not surprisingly Ted was rendered speechless again.

~

After lunch Katie and Ted went to the track. The crowd was huge and the atmosphere was festive. All the ladies in the stands wore outrageous looking hats and skimpy sundresses that showed their assets to their best advantage. 

Out on the track there were a number of preliminary Anthro horseman races with many up and coming racers showing the fans what they had to look forward to. There would certainly be championships in some of the racer's future. 

Katie had been enjoying the races from the vantage point of the VIP section with the Friends of Equines Auxiliary, which she was a member of. She was surrounded by many blue bloods of society. There were Anthros scattered here and there, but for the most part she was surrounded by humans. 

Next, it was then time for some of the legends of Anthro horse racing to take the stage along with Ted, as he gave a short speech.

Everyone in the crowd stood up when the former champions pranced in front of the grandstand before taking their seats on the stage. There was Moreno, Bucephalus, Trigger, Traveller, Hyperion, Black Beauty, and Mr. Ted. All were legends of the sport of Anthro horseman racing.

Katie was going to give Ted her undivided attention, until she was startled by the comments she heard about the horsemen from some of the members of the Auxiliary. 

"Dahlin, look at that Bucephalus," drawled Bitsy, a pleasingly plump middle aged socialite who looked like she'd never worked a day in her life. "I'd back my ass up to him every day of the week and twice on Sunday," said the full figured woman, about her large round ass. 

"Hm," said Queeny, her equally privileged girlfriend, a tall ginger from the UK, who'd crossed the pond to hang out with her girlfriends over the weekend. "You had him last night didn't you?" she went on. "I thought you said he cums faster than he runs. If you want someone who will knock your silk stockings off, I can personally recommend Trav'la. He'd finish the job Bucephalus started." Her manner was very casual as she fanned herself with a race day program.

"No thank you," Bitsy sighed while placing a hand on the upper part of her chest. "Actually I quite enjoyed Bucephalus last night."

While the master of ceremony was droning on, on stage, Bitsy dished more about her encounter with Bucephalus.

"He might have cum quick, but he sure made up for it by going round after round, and fucking me hard, fast, and deep until I was satisfied. I had to remind him more than once that I may have a big wide ass, but I'm not very deep so I couldn't take it all in me though. Other than that, I can honestly say I couldn't have been happier with the fucking he gave me," she said with a contented sigh.

"Isn't that nice for you hunni," said Queeny in a cheeky tone, while smiling. "I'll take Trav'la stretching my folds to their limit with that huge prick of his if I have a choice. Last night he had me screaming, Don't stop, get it, get it," said Queeny. "And I don't even know what that means. I think I heard it when one of my housekeeper's cell phone rang.

"Where was I...Oh, I had a devil of a time getting all of his magnificent beast of a cock in me. It took some effort, but eventually I got all eleven inches of him inside my kitty. His length is truly impressive, but it was his outrageous girth that made this lady's toes curl," the tall redheaded size queen said in praise of him. "After we were done and he was about to leave my room, I patted him on the cheek and said, "Trav'la, my dear boy, I don't say this often, but I'm truly impressed with your massive meat."

"Sweet Lord you two," said Gracie. "This is hardly the time or place to discuss your dalliances. We have an audience." Gracie was actually referring to Katie when she mentioned audience. The fact of the matter was, on the previous night some of the ladies in the organization had fucked the Anthro horsemen being honored, except for Ted. In fact the reason the Friends of Equines Auxiliary existed in the first place, was to give the ladies access to a steady supply of Anthro cock. 

Being that Katie didn't yet know that fucking the well hung young studs was one of the rights of passage into their club, Gracie didn't want them to spook her with talk of what they'd done.

Her thoughtful gesture was scoffed at by Missy. With her ultra white teeth, very tan skin, and magnificent tits, she was the one true trophy wife in the group. "Oh good gracious Gracie, stop sounding like a prude, especially after that marathon fucking you got from Hyperion last night," she said with an impish look.

"You're a fine one to talk," Gracie retorted. Everyone knows you went to Trigger's room after mixer last night."

"I sure did," responded Missy proudly. "It was pure debauchery in his once we got there." One thing about Missy is, she earned her title of trophy wife. Not only is she gorgeous and built like a brick outhouse, her skills in the bedroom are on point. So it should come as no surprise that she could take everything Trigger had to offer.

"Mmm, Trigger's dick is shaped like a real horse's cock, and momma likes that," she said. "When I saw his shaft dangling out of its sheath, I told him to come over to this chair, I'm going to pretend it's a stump, and when I bend over, I want you to bury your beautiful cock in me to the hilt, just like you'd do it if I was a mare."

She was so into telling her story, she'd turned her back to the track so she could face her girlfriends. "His horse shaped cock slid into me pretty easy, since Ted had opened me up a few months ago. Oops, sorry about that Katie," she apologized. "Anyways, he commenced to push that flat cock head of his into me with short powerful jabs. When I heard him neigh, I knew he was getting close. So I told him to fuck me hard. Then I had him come on my tits." 

Katie chose to ignore Missy's slip of the tongue. After all, Ted had fucked hundreds of women. The thing that surprised her was how raw these high society ladies were. Being new to the group, she'd never heard them talk that way.

The women's storytelling was interrupted by Belle. "Everybody shush," she said. "The celebrity race is about to start."

Undoubtedly one of the reasons for the popularity of the sport with women was that Anthro horseman raced in the nude. One by one they removed their kit to the applause and adoration of the fans. 

Katie was looking at the women's reactions as the horsemen undressed. When she looked at Belle, she saw the look of longing on her face as she ogled Ted. Her expression was a familiar one to Katie. She'd seen it a thousand times before on the faces of Anthro horsewomen who desperately wanted to be serviced by him.

As fate would have it, when Katie turned her attention back to the race and saw Black Beauty standing there in all his glory, a similar look appeared on her face as well. "I'd fuck him in a New York minute if I wasn't Ted's girlfriend," she said to herself as the thought of fucking him suddenly popped into her head.

She was still in a daze when the race started. The old champions only ran the length of the grandstand, with the outcome being predetermined. Bucephalus, Trigger, Traveller, Hyperion, and Moreno all stopped just short of the finish line to allow Ted to cross it first.

Now Katie was certain. "There's no way he passed on fucking me this morning to save himself for "THAT" race. He just didn't want to fuck me," she thought. "And I think I know the reason why."

~

The last event of the day involving Mr. Ted was his call of the charity event, which was a farce race.

"Welcome to our featured race of the day, named Parking at lover's point," said Ted dryly, over the track's public address system.

"And they're off. Reluctant Girlfriend gets a quick start. Horny Boyfriend is in hot pursuit. Get Your Hand Out Of My Panties and Don't Do That are next, followed closely by Let Me Put The Tip In," said Ted as the horses broke from the gate.

"She Pushes Him Away overtakes Let Me Put The Tip In, and Horny Boyfriend loses ground to Reluctant Girlfriend. Baby Please I Love You charges past She Pushes Him Away along the rail," continued Ted a deadpan manner.

"They're coming down the backstretch in a rush as Let Me Put The Tip In is now running stride for stride with Baby Please I Love you. And now here comes My Dad Will Kill Us closing quickly with Reluctant Girlfriend regaining the advantage. Baby Please I Love You goes to the whip, Let Me Put The Tip In follows suit. Out of nowhere Horny Boyfriend has the advantage over Reluctant Girlfriend again," droned Ted with a total lack of emotion.

"They're rounding the turn. She Pushes Him Away and Dad Will Kill Us have fallen off the pace. Turning toward home it's Horny Boyfriend, Let Me Put The Tip In, and Reluctant Girlfriend side by side, pulling away from the field." said Ted speaking robotically.

"As they past the mile pole You Were Supposed To Pull Out, What Are We Gonna Do, and My Dad Will Kill Us have pulled even with Horny Boyfriend, Let Me Put The Tip In, and Reluctant Girlfriend," said Ted with a sigh.

"As the turn for home Waiting For Aunt Flow charges to the front and takes the lead. And down the stretch they come. It's Waiting For Aunt Flow by a nose over Horny Boyfriend, My Dad Will Kill Us, and Reluctant Girlfriend," Ted said in a vain attempt to sound interested.

"Like a bat out of hell from the back of the field to cross the finish line first is Thank God I Got My Period," said Ted, sounding uncomfortable reading it. "He edges past Waiting For Aunt Flow, Reluctant Girlfriend, Horny Boyfriend, and My Dad Will Kill Us at the last second." He concluded.

At the end of the race the crowd was cheering as much for Ted's call as they were for the race itself. However Katie wasn't so sure Ted's delivery was just him goofing around, she thought he was really that down in the mouth.

~

There was one more race that day; the big one, The Run For The Begonias. An impressive young Anthro horseman name Comanche, won it. 

As big of an event as the big race was, it ran a distant second to the after-party thrown by the Friends of Equines Auxiliary later in the evening. The old champions and past winners of the Derby were there, as we're some up and comers the wives of their stable owner's had taken a liking to. The women at the party fawned over them. It was a virtual meat market for human women who liked Anthro men.
