 first story, There may be scenes that appear to be a repeat but that is done on purpose to show what both sides feel. This is just the beginning There will be more chapters. .I'm not a native English speaker or writer so there may be mistakes that I have missed. You get 3 characters mentioned ( 2 named, 1 unnamed as of yet).

*

After having run for what seemed days she finally collapsed, more tired than she thought possible. Afraid of dieing or a worse fait, she tried to get up to flee once more but her legs refused to move. Realizing that there was nothing left but hope for rescue by her people or a quick death, she started sobbing and praying. When she heard the vile, monstrous voice of the creature chasing her casting magic, she was relieved because the spell would kill her swiftly before the creature could rape her.

She said a final prayer hoping that her soul would find happiness after death. Suddenly there was an unbelievably loud rumbling followed by an unearthly glow when someone appeared before her. Standing in between her and the monster the man did not know where he was and how he got here but he saw an utterly beautiful young woman crying in terror. Looking towards where she was looking he saw a large black human shaped thing riding atop a large, equally black dragon throwing something that resembled a ball of fire. Seeing the fireball moving towards him all he could think was crap, I hope It is just a dream. Closing his eyes and bracing for the impact of the fireball, he was surprised when nothing happened and then decided to open his eyes. All he could see was a scorched area off grass edged on one side by a slightly curved line and everywhere else by random lines and burnt patches. Looking further he saw the thing turning and running as fast as it could. Wondering about the woman he decided to turn around, he saw her still trembling but looking just as surprised as he was. 

Feeling relieved to still be alive and no longer in danger from the monster, she decided to look up at who or what ever stopped the fireball, gasping in surprise of the elven-like face of the man before her.

Looking down he could see that the woman was looking at him, after locking eyes with her for a split second al he could thing of was the beauty of the woman before him and the genuine relieve and happiness in her perfect lavender eyes. Crouching down to help her up he suddenly felt faint and started to loose consciousness, falling on the ground in front of her. 

When her eyes met his, she found herself lost in his sky-blue gaze specked with green and gold around the edge of his irises. Startled when his eyes lost there focus on her and started to close just before he fell to the ground, she let out a gasp. Determined to help her savoir she forced her unwilling muscles to bring her beside him so she could check if he was injured. Finding no signs of injury and hearing his heartbeat and breathing she suddenly felt tired as well realising that the only reason why she was still awake is the fear she felt up until now, she decided to lay beside him. Feeling her eyes closing and the bliss of dreams knocking at her minds edge, she felt an arm over her waist and the warm breath of the man who was holding her. Being to tired to move anyway and somehow liking the feeling of being held even it was against the laws of her people.

Waking up feeling cold and alone again, she fearfully opened her eyes. She managed to roll over and saw the man who saved her from the dark rider. Wondering what he was doing she decided to stand up and walk over to him. When trying to stand but unable to do so she realized that her legs were still unwilling to move. Refusing to let that stop her, she crawled probably ruining her dress but relieved to be nearer to him. When she was close enough she could see the man using something she has never seen before and making strange noises. Listening intently she came to the conclusion that those noises were an unknown language used by the man.

Turning around to check on the beauty he apparently saved a short while ago, he was startled to see her almost leaning over him. Being so close to her face he could clearly see the ethereal beauty she possessed. Slowly looking over her face as if to remember every detail of it, stopping to stare in her eyes which were a vibrant violet and couldn't stop himself from gazing in them and feeling a strange warmth coming over him.

Startled by his looking at her, all she could was stare back and seeing eyes unlike any she has ever seen. The only thing she could think of were his bleu eyes specked with gold and green. Feeling a new, strange sensation deep within her heart and gut, she forgot about the dark rider and could only think of those eyes and their piercing look which seemed to captivate her. Slowly moving forward with her face towards his, she kissed him gently startling them both. Pulling back not knowing what the strange lip contact was and why her lips still wanted more, her entire body and soul wanting more.

Seeing her inching towards him and feeling her kiss him, he relished in the warmth her kiss created within him. After the kiss he gazed in her eyes again and it was almost like he could hear her desires as if the were spoken out loud. Moving his hands towards her face so he could hold her closer for longer, he saw her flinch but when his fingers made contact she pushed her face against his hand letting out a sigh. Kissing her again and making sure to make it last longer than their first, he started teasing her lips with his and his tongue. When the lack of oxygen became apparent, he reluctantly moved away from her lips to once again gaze into her eyes. Hearing her rapid breathing he decided to give her a light peck on the lips and move her into a sitting position beside him.

When he suddenly moved his hand towards her face, she couldn't stop herself from flinching but when he touched her so gently, her face tried to make more contact with his hand. She saw him moving towards her and felt his lip lock. With it not ending and not knowing what to do she was forced to endure what he was doing to her and relished in the warm feelings it caused. It felt so good that when he stopped kissing her, it became obvious that she would have suffocated and died if he hadn't stopped. Feeling relieved to be able to breath but at the same time miserable that it ended. Surprised by the light, short lip to lip touch, she let his arms move around her and move her beside him as if she weighed nothing more than a feather. When she was seated comfortably she felt his arms letting her body go but one of his hands gently squeezed and caressed one of hers

Once she was seated he pointed at himself and said his name: "Alex.", hoping she would understand what he meant. Hearing her say his name and pointing at him, felt thrilling yet relaxing because she pronounced it as Ales. Seeing her pointing at him and pronouncing his name again but as Alekss, he decided to ask her name by pointing towards her.

Liking the sound of his name even tough she did find it difficult to pronounce never having heard the k-sound. Seeing him pointing towards her, she said her name: " Milleara". When she heard him repeat her without fault and then utter the word "Lilly", she knew he was speaking some sort of language. Suddenly feeling tired she felt her eyes shut and her head drop against his shoulder. Just before she fell asleep she saw something metallic fly up into the sky but she was to tired to react to the normally unnerving sight.

Feeling her head resting on his shoulder and seeing her eyes slowly closing, he also decided to rest again. Wanting to know more of where he is, he activated the aerial scoutdrone and set it to do a full survey of the planet. Laying her gently down and getting down close beside her, he was happily surprised that she cuddled close to him and even put her head on his chest. Having one arm holding her close to him and another cover the arm she had draped over him, he also fell asleep

The end for now