 "Welcome to Maid Perfect where we can create your perfect household staff." I was greeted by a curvy, big breasted blond saleswoman. "I'm Stella."

Stella reached out her right hand which I took. It was a gentle grip and warm to the touch. The handshake lingered long enough to make a connection but short enough not to be too uncomfortable.

Stella's blue eyes never broke contact with mine. Her painted red generous lips curled up into a welcoming smile.

"Hi. I'm Greg." I introduced myself. 

"How can I help you today, Greg?" Stella asked. 

"Well, I'm looking for help around the apartment. I just moved here for a new job and I'm finding it difficult doing house chores." I told her. "And it's becoming a little bit of a mess."

"Well congratulations on your move and new job." She smile widen. "Let me introduce you to Bob. He'll be more than happy to assist you further."

I didn't even see him appear, I was so rapt with Stella. I looked at Bob and was actually disappointed that Stella wouldn't be helping me anymore.

"Hi, Greg. Pleased to meet you." Bob shook my hand. "Thanks Stella."

Stella wondered off a bit, not particularly far, just away.

"Stella is one of our most popular models." Bob informed me.

"I can see why." I said. "Wait! You mean to tell me that she's a robot!"

"Yes. The AI, artificial intelligence module allowed her to learn how to greet customers, what to say and act. All of our models have that capacity to learn and grow." Bob beamed like a proud dad. "It's why we're the best in the business."

"Amazing. I couldn't even tell she wasn't real." I stood gaped mouth. 

"So, you're looking for help cooking and cleaning and stuff right?" Bob questioned. "Anything else?"

"Huh? What do you mean?" I questioned his question.

"We have more advanced models that can provide (pause) additional services." He winked. "Full service kind of thing."

"You mean...." My eyes popped open with the realization of where this was leading.

"Yes. We have models built anatomically correct and fully functional. These models are fully programmed to satisfy a variety of different tastes and styles." Bob knew he had me hooked. Now he needed to reel me in. "Let me show you. Stella!"

Obediently, Stella walked to us and waited for her next instruction.

"Stella, open you blouse and show us your tits." Bob said as a matter of fact. "They all are also programmed to understand a variety of languages and slang. Nothing will really offends them, I hope."

Without blinking an eye, Stella unbuttoned her white blouse and popped the front clasp of her bra. Her tits were perfect size "D" with cranberry nipples.

"Go ahead, touch them." Bob urged. 

I looked at Bob. He nodded his head and grabbed Stella's breast. 

"Go ahead. Feel them. They're just like real. Warm to the touch. Firm enough not to sag. Soft enough to be real."

I careful held one like I was holding a baby chick. Stella stood there as if this was totally normal. 

It truly was amazing how real they felt. 

I turned to Bob. He smiled.

"Stella, pull up your skirt and pull down your panties so we can look at your cunt." Bob told her. And then to me. "You can be as nice or as crass as you like. She will understand and obey. If you do say something she doesn't understand, she will ask for an explanation and her AI will allow her to remember and learn it for next time."

Meanwhile Stella was stand there, skirt around her waist; panties pulled down to her thighs and legs spread.

"We've designed her to look and feel exactly like the real thing." Bob patted Stella's opening. He parted her lips and showed me her clit. He started to rub it. "She will also react to your stimulus. You can make her cum if you want; even tell her to masturbate, although I'm not sure why you would. Different strokes I guess."

Stella's eyes were shut and she bit her lower lip as she reacted to the sexually manipulation.

"All orifices are useable. And self-cleaning. You never have to worry about it." Bob informed me. "Stella, stop acting like a slut and cover yourself up."

Stella fixed her attire. "See? She totally understands what you'll mean."

Bob lead me to a studio. "Let me show you some other models we have. Or we can custom make one for you if you have a favourite actress or something."

The room had a number of different models, both male and female. "Yes, some of our female customer also want these (air quotes) anatomical features." Bob informed me. "This one is Bruce. Australian with a fully functional 9 incher. Bruce show us how big you are."

Bruce immediately pulled down his pants and showed his meat. It wasn't 9 inches; it was barely 5.

Bob enclosed hand around Bruce's flaccid tube and started to stroke it. Within 10 seconds it was a full 9 inch boner.

"Most women like to make it hard on their own." Bob chuckled.

"This one is our newest, TS model Brandi. Similar to Stella but with an extra appendage like Bruce's." Bob pointed out. "Brandi, lift up your skirt."

Brandi grabbed her hem with both hands and held it up to her waist. There was a tiny bump in her.. his? panties. 

Bob pulled down Brandi's underwear. The tiny bump was from Brandi's penis which was soft and about half the size of my pinkie. "Touch it and it will make it hard." Prompted Bob.

Cautiously, I touched it with my index finger and immediately it started to grow. At about 4 inches long, Bob said. "Try and start stroking it."

I grabbed it in my hand. As I moved my hand it grew with each stroke until it was as big as Bruce's was. 

"What happens if I don't stop?" I asked Bob.

"Keep going and find out! But I wouldn't stand directly in front of her if you get my drift."

I moved to Brandi's side. It also helped me get a better hold of her cock. I quickened my stroking pace. Brandi was actually breathing harder, or at least appeared to. She was panting now. 

Out of her mouth came. "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!"

With a few more yanks on her dick, wads of white fluid shot out of her piss hole. Five strong streams of "cum" flew across the floor.

"That's really amazing and impressive." I told Bob.

"Yes, these models are all programmed with emotion and true life reaction." Bob started reeling me in. "The male and female fluid is all natural and self-regenerating. There is no need to plug them in, their power is self-sustaining and generating.

My hand was already in my pocket. "Okay, how much?"

"Well the model you were toying with is our supreme model very reasonably priced starting at 350 thousand credits. The plain male and female start at 340."

"350-what!" I choked. That was like three centuries of work at triple overtime for me. Okay maybe not the centuries, but certainly more than I could possibly afford.

"The other models which are not anatomical are substantially less," Bob told me as the hook in my mouth was threatening to pop out. "But they can only perform household duties."

I must have looked disappointed. 

"If I may be so bold, I can see you enjoyed our full featured models so I am pretty sure you'll be disappointed in our less optioned models." Bob was working to try and make sure I didn't spit out the hook he set. "We can offer a very reasonable low interest loan to help ease you capital outlay but still enjoy your purchase."

I knew even with a loan, at that price the cost would bankrupt me. I was wiggling off the line and about to thank Bob and leave when....

"We do have one return, full function, anatomical female Cheryl model. She's no longer in manufacture though, but fully functional as demonstrated." The hook was set deep and the drag was high. Bob reeled in any slack. "I'm pretty sure we can meet your financial expectations. Cheryl is only 50 thousand credits."

"Well. I'm still not sure. I can visit a lot of hookers for that amount. Beside she's used." I fought back. "Why was she returned anyway?"

"True, 50 thou is still a lot of money, but you can have safe encounters anytime you desire." Bob wasn't going to give me up. "Cheryl came back to us because she had a small bug in her operating system. She went off programming sometimes but nothing harmful or dangerous. She's completely cleaned and refurbished with a reloaded os."

"Still...." I resisted.

"Tell you what." Bob could see me near swimming near his dip net. "You're right. Cheryl is used and had a bug. I'll reduce the price by 10, but that's the best I can do."

"So 40 thousand credits!" My hopes lifted.

"No sorry, percent." Bob said. "That really gives me no profit. Honestly I'm just breaking even. Come and take a look before you say no."

Bob lead me to a back room and showed me Cheryl. She was gorgeous. She stood about 5'10" with 4-inch heels; about 5 inches taller than me. Her full shoulder length hair was honey blond. Bob told me her measurements were 38D-25-35. Her legs extended from under her thigh length skirt were some of the shapeliest I had ever seen.

Cheryl was not turned on. "Go ahead and feel her breasts." Bob urged me. "If you don't think they are real, then I think all you are familiar with are old silicon boobs from the 2000's."

I grabbed two handful of her tits. They were amazingly real. I could feel the hardness of her cherry nipples beneath.

Bob lifted her skirt. "Finger her. It's fully functional. There's no lubrication or reaction off course since she's turned off."

I touched her outer lips. Perfectly soft. Even though Cheryl was not activated, her cunt seemed to open and invite my finger inside.

"Cheryl was refurbished with all our latest features, just the os is the same. Well slightly modified, but mostly the same."

"What about warranty?" I asked.

"We can warranty the parts but not the software since Cheryl is out of date." Bob told me. "But if anything does happen, it will be best effort at time and material."

Bob looked at me. "Forgive me again for being so bold, but that bulge you're sporting is saying yes."

It felt like her cunt was suckling my fingers. I had a full-fledged full staff in my pants.

"Well, how can I say no, now?"

Paper work. There's always paper work. I signed everything I needed to sign. After a while, I wasn't even sure what I was signing. 

Delivery wasn't until three days later, but Bob have me a fast tutorial and the owner's manual on how to command my new maid.

"Congratulations. I know you will be extremely happy with your purchase." Bob shook my hand to seal the deal. 

Over the next couple of days, I ordered a number of outfits on line; most of them were sleazy, slutty type outfits since she'd be doing more than just cooking and cleaning.

Finally the day arrived. 

"Brinng!" The doorbell rang.

I opened the door and found Bob standing there with Cheryl. "Hi Bob! Come in!" I told them.

"Cheryl, come inside." Bob told her. "Cheryl is still under my command until I sign her over to you."

There were some additional transfer papers and final payment and stuff. 

"Well that paper work is done, just the transfer sequence now." Bob said. "It uses voice rec."

"Transfer authorization Code 1-1A." Bob said to Cheryl. He handed me something and told me to read it to Cheryl. It looked strangely familiar. 

"1-1A-2B." I read. Apparently Bob was kind of a Trekkie.

"1B-2B-3." Bob said. "That allows her to recognize your voice."

"Awaiting final transfer authorization." Cheryl said.

"Code zero-zero-zero transfer zero." Bob cited. 

"Transfer completed." Cheryl turned to me and smiled. "Good day. I am Cheryl. It is my privilege to serve you. How may I address you?"

I guess I looked kind of stunned. Bob prompted me to reply. I hadn't really thought about what Cheryl should call me even though Bob told me to think about it.

"Cheryl, you may address me as Greg." I instructed.

"Well if you have any questions, ask Cheryl otherwise give me a call." Bob said shaking my hand before departing. "Good luck and have fun!"

I didn't know what to do first. Cheryl stood there awaiting her first command from me. 

She had a sort of an overcoat on. "Cheryl, take off your coat."

She complied. Beneath, Cheryl wore a white blouse and dark skirt. The shirt was transparent enough for me to see she was wearing a white lace bra. It was open to the third button down. The skirt was higher than mid-thigh. Her shoes were black open toed, black stilettos. Her toe nails matched her sparkling red finger nails.

I was curious of course. "Cheryl, lift up your skirt and show me what you are wearing underneath."

Immediately complying, Cheryl lifted her hem to her waist. Bob had her dressed in a white French cut pantie. 

I was instantly hard. Cheryl was barely 3 minutes under my command before I had to try her out. "Cheryl, take out my cock from my pants and give me a blow job."

Without and hesitation, Cheryl reached for my pants and pulled out my dick. She even complimented "Greg, you have a very nice cock. I want to suck it now."

Cheryl bent forward from the waist, her head was bent backwards. Her articulation was amazing. She opened her mouth, I entered it.

The feeling was the most incredible I had ever felt. For a robot, or I should said cyborg? Android? Cheryl was an incredible cock sucker. I know I keep saying incredible, but this was fucking incredible!

Before I knew it I was shooting my load into her hot mouth. Cheryl maintained her efforts until I was empty and had to tell her "Stop!"

I was panting. I pulled my cock from her mouth. "Cheryl, stand up and swallow my cum." She complied without complaint or hesitation.

I had her change into one of the outfits I purchased: pink, crotchless panties; matching lace bra with peek-a-boo nipple cut out; stockings and garters and high heel stiletto shoes. I gave her a maid apron which just covered her panties but left her tits and bra visible.

Cheryl was a very good cook. She prepared a tasty meal with the stuff I had in my fridge. And cleaned up everything after too. 

Cheryl was a pretty good conversationalist. I told her to sit and talk with me. I found out that although she didn't need to eat, she could consume food and would absorb it as energy just as normal humans would.

Cheryl asked me about my work and life, what I like and dislike. It was like being on a first date.

Late that evening, I had recovered enough from the earlier BJ and wanted to see what else I could do. I asked Cheryl to remove her apron and shoes and get into bed with me. 

We started with gentle petting. I sucked on her breasts. I think they even reacted by getting engorged slightly. My finger found her extended clit through the slit of her panties. Her hot lubrication made it slick. 

Cheryl seemed to read my mind. She moved between my legs and seductively sucked my cock. This time was different from the first. It was softer and less intense; almost more loving.

When she felt it was time, Cheryl straddled my thighs and let me enter inside her. She moved slowly. Building up intensity rather than the hurried blow job she gave me earlier.

"Oh fuck me Greg!" Came out of her mouth. Her eyes were closed, her head tilted back. Her fingers played and tweaked my nipples. "Do you want to cum? Do you want to fill my hot wet cunt with your white cream?"

Her ass was humping me harder and faster. "You feel so good inside me. I want your cum inside me. Please!"

"God Cheryl." I groaned. "Your cunt is sucking my cum from my balls! I'm c..u..u..mm..ing!"

I started to fire my load into her. It was one of the most hardest orgasms I've experienced in years. 

After I had finished cumming, Cheryl remained mounted on top of me. She collapsed her body onto mine pressing her firm breasts against my chest. Her head nestled into my neck. I fell sleep exhausted.