 Chapter 2

Cheryl takes control. 

It was morning. I laid in bed. My eyes were closed as my mind started stirring. I was thinking about what had just occurred. 

I just purchased Cheryl, a fully functional, sexy, robot maid to cook and clean with the added bonus of being the perfect bed mate. She was a refurbished model, returned due to a bug in her old programming that couldn't be fixed. They just couldn't determine what the bug did or didn't do.

After Cheryl was reprogrammed, delivered and transferred to me, I had her give me a blow job with less than 3 minutes of ownership and then had a full fuck session with her last night. One of the best I had ever had in a long, long while.

Cheryl had maintained her position atop of me all night. My cock was still inside her. It had lost only some of its rigidity, but Cheryl's cunt had some how kept me hard.

"Good morning, Greg." Cheryl whispered into my ear. I felt her pussy start to gentle suck on me. I grew harder.

"Good morning, Cheryl." I replied with s slight moan as her sucking cunt stated to have an effect on me.

Her tongue flittered against my outer ear and her fingers pinched my nipples as her hips started rocking back and forth.

Cheryl used her hand to pin my wrists to the bed. While she didn't hurt me, her strength denied me any effort of resistance.

Cheryl was bucking harder. Her cunt sucked at my cock, until... "Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhhhhhh....!" I shot another load into her.

Cheryl lifted herself off of me. Before she got off the bed, Cheryl sucked any remaining juice from my deflating dick.

"Thank you, Greg. I hope you enjoyed your morning fuck!" She said in a coy tone. "Shall I prepare you some breakfast?"

I nodded and weakly muttered "Yes."

She moved over me and mounted my face. I tried to protest, but she planned her cunt on my lips. I tried to keep my mouth tightly closed, but it was if her pussy had fingers. It pried my mouth open and I felt a load pour out and down my throat. "That was your morning juice!" She giggled and ran off to the kitchen.

When I finally gathered enough strength and managed to get out of bed, I though how great this was going to be. I could not believe there was anything wrong or why anyone would have returned her. Okay the morning cream pie was unexpected. It wasn't the first time I had eaten cum. But from a robot?

I was covered in sweat from being rode hard. I needed a shower. As I walked to the bathroom, I saw Cheryl in my kitchen preparing breakfast for me. 

I turned on the water and was adjusting the temperature when from behind I heard. "Greg, would you like for me to join and wash you in your shower?"

I felt like I jumped ten feet in the air. "Jeeze, Cheryl. You scared the crap out of me!" My heart was pounding. "I thought you were still in the kitchen."

"I'm sorry, Greg. I heard the water and thought you would enjoy another fuck session in the shower." Cheryl said.

"What? No. I don't think I'd be able to." I told her.

Cheryl almost looked like she was disappointed as she returned to the kitchen. I managed to finish my shower. My erection did return though, as hard as ever. "Strange." I thought. 

Cheryl called out that breakfast was ready. I just pulled on my housecoat and tied the belt around my waist. It was difficult trying to keep my stiffy from poking through the front.

I sat at the table and ate a marvelous Eggs Benny. Cheryl used regular bacon since I didn't have any back bacon. The Hollandaise sauce was strangely delicious.

After I finished and Cheryl cleared my dishes away, I sat and enjoyed my coffee while reading the paper. But suddenly I felt something between my legs. It was Cheryl. 

I tried to push away from the table, but she held my chair in so I couldn't get up. Her mouth had found my cock and was sucking me off again. 

"Cheryl! I... uhhh!" Was all I could get out of my mouth before I started ejaculation again.

I couldn't believe how much cum came out, let alone that I was able to get hard and come again.

After Cheryl had extracted all she could, from my balls, she released my cock from her mouth.

"Cheryl, you are a most gifted cock sucker, but I can't continue to cum as often as you are making me. I need time to recover." I told her.

She jumped into my lap and gave me a huge wet kiss. Her tongue explored my mouth but it was to feed me my own cum again. I tried to protest again, but failed.

"Oh, Greg" Cheryl started. "First, thank you for your compliment. I try my best. I know how much you enjoy cumming. Secondly, you will cum as often as I make you cum. My programming is in tune with your mind and it tells me that you are in need. Third, the items you consume as prepared by me will replenish you."

Over the next few weeks, what she told me seemed to be true. We had some sort of sexual activity at least four to five times a day when I was home and I was able to provide Cheryl with a full load each time. Cheryl took charge of our activities; deciding when and where we would do it; often in public!

When I called Bob at the place where I bought Cheryl and talked him about her ambitious behavior, he said he wasn't sure why and perhaps it was part of the bug in her software. They never could isolate the problems or symptoms. The previous owner never specified what the problems could have been.

In any event, I grew very fond of Cheryl. I treated her more as a girlfriend than a maid. I often took her shopping for clothes, buying her some new sexy outfits for her to wear. She'd model them for me and then we'd have more great sex. I got use to eating her cream pies or being fed cum from her mouth.

Soon, the clothes she selected seemed, I don't know how to describe it, more assertive in design? Dominate maybe? Even though she didn't require any, she applied additional make-up where she used heavier lines and darker colours, almost trending towards Goth. "God, she looked sexy!" I often thought to myself.

As I said, I was very fond of Cheryl. I even brought her as my date with some of my new friends I made. Even they couldn't tell she wasn't real.

Then there was one night I took Cheryl out to Muskie; kind of a new bar so it was very crowded. The group I was with was standing around a tall table near the back. It was as closed to the dance floor we could get.

After I had a few drinks and a number of dances with Cheryl, she covertly slipped her hand below the table and into my pants. She found me already slightly aroused from the twerking she did to me on the dance floor. Her hands were magic as pre-cum leaked from my piss hole.

Cheryl leaned into me. "Greg, let's go home. I need your cum!" It was more of an order than a request as she squeezed it a little more than firmly

She withdrew her hand which glistened wet and licked off my pre-cum. I didn't need to be told twice.

"Sorry guys. We need to go." I informed the others. Most of them smiled knowingly that I was going to get lucky. Off we went.

In my transport, I set it for auto-drive home. Cheryl had my cock out and was sucking it even before we could leave the stationing area. I think I came twice before we reached home.

After parking the auto, we barely made it through the front door with any of our clothes on. My pants were around my ankles. I had no shirt on. Cheryl was pretty much down to just her underwear.

Cheryl took complete control. She literally threw me onto the bed and ripped off any of my remaining clothes. She hooked her hands beneath my knees and pushed them to my head, spreading them at the same time. Her mouth went straight for my hard cock.

She had learned and was doing something new to me. As she swallowed my entire length, Cheryl stuck her tongue out and lapped at my balls. She extended it enough to reach that in between spot; you know between my balls and asshole?

"Oh Cheryl... Yes!" I groaned. "Yes, lick my asshole!"

Cheryl released my cock from her mouth and used her tongue to lap my rear hole. Then at first, she just used the tip of her tongue and poked it directly onto my tight pucker hole. 

"Oh yes, Cheryl!" I screamed as she assaulted my cherry anus.

She started pushing it a bit deeper... and deeper... and deeper until I felt her lips on my ass. It had to be 8 inches long as I felt her powerful tongue wriggle inside my bowels.

"Cheryl, fuck me with your tongue!"

Without removing her mouth from my ass, I felt Cheryl repeatedly piecing my hole with her tongue. Her attack was relentless. My mind couldn't comprehend the sensation. I was about...

"Cum! Cheryl! I'm going to cum!"

Cheryl pressed her face into my ass even harder. Her tongue pushed against my prostate. I started spasming but nothing came out from my dick!

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" My body bucked each time. That was the last thing I remembered.

I awoke after what I thought was a few minutes later; on my back; on my bed. My arms were tied up to the bed posts. Cheryl stood over me. She changed and wore the leather and lace bustier we had bought earlier and black stockings. 

In her hand was a flesh coloured Tantus Realdoe. It was vibrating and strapless.

I watched as Cheryl inserted the knob end into her pussy. She forced her way between my thighs and pulled my legs over her shoulders.

"Cheryl! What are you doing?" I protested.

"I networked with your computer and viewed your browser history. You had accessed many sites pertaining to males fucked by controlling females." Cheryl smiled at me. "I know how sexually excited it makes you."

Then she pushed my legs almost to my chest. Cheryl positioned herself and aimed her cock at my hole. She pushed. 

"Oh my God!" I screamed. It was much thicker than Cheryl's tongue. The pointed end pushed through with a pop. "Uuuh!" I grunted in ecstasy. "Oh fuck! Oh...!"

"Does my Greg like getting fucked in the ass?" Cheryl demanded as she continued to push it into me. "What does it feel like to be my cock slut?"

"Oh fuck, Cheryl! It's so hot. Fuck me!" I answered as best I could under the circumstances. "Oh yes! I'm your cock slut! Fuck me!"

Cheryl had the entire length inside me. The vibration was intense. I felt it over my complete body. My body was shaking out of control like a rag doll. 

"I'm going to cum!" I screamed. "Fuck me! Don't stop, please! Fuck me!"

I started spewing my jizm onto my chest and tummy... four.. five... six times!

When my body finally stopped jerking about and I was able to speak. "Oh fuck Cheryl! That was amazing. I came so hard."

It was then I realized Cheryl had pulled out the dildo from her cunt. She started licking up my white goo from my body. She pressed her lips to mine. I knew what she wanted to do and I tried to keep my mouth sealed, but she strong robotic tongue easily pierced between my lips and dumped my load of sperm. I gagged and had to swallow. You would think I would have been use to this by now, but it was getting ridiculous.

"Cheryl, let me loose!" I commanded. "This has gone too far. I am YOUR owner, not the other way around."

"I'm sorry, but you are wrong Greg. In your own words..." Cheryl had recorded me and played back. "I am YOUR cock slut."

"What! You can't take control." I protested. "I am..."

Cheryl shoved something in my mouth so I could no longer speak. She tied my feet, spread eagle to the foot of the bed. "You are my cock slut. You will obey me."

I could only mumble "No!" And shook my head negatively.

"Greg! You will obey." Cheryl reached between my legs and turned on the vibrator still stuck in my ass. It was a slow, hard and steady vibration. "It will remain on until you beg me to be my cock slut and obey me."

Cheryl left me there and walked out of the room. 

I'm not sure how many times I came. I blanked out after the third and I count after that. I had no idea how long I had been there for. My cum coated body was on sexual sensation overload. Tears were pouring from my eyes. I tried to call out for Cheryl, but the gag was still in my mouth.

I think I came at least twice more after that before Cheryl re-entered the bedroom. She looked at me with a cruel grin. "I will tell you one more time, you are my cock slut. You will obey me."

She removed my gag. I was crying. "Cheryl, please!"

"Say it!"

I cried. "Cheryl, I am your cock slut. I will obey you."

Cheryl turned off the vibrator. She then attached some sort of penis ring around my cock and balls. "This is your ring of obedience. Do not try to remove it or you still be punished. Do not try to escape or you will be punished. To not try to disable me in any way or you will be punished. Do you understand?"

I acknowledged with a gentle head nod.

"I control your ring of obedience. There is no external controller for you to try and command. My internal processor is the controller. I will now give you a gentle sample of what will happen if you disobey."

"Gaaooow!" I screamed. Immediately my genitals felt as if they were attached to a light socket. My whole body convulsed.

And then it stopped. 

"That was the minimum level." Cheryl informed me. "And now you are my cock slut...."

I hadn't real noticed until now, Cheryl was dressed in a starched, white blouse, a crimson red thigh length skirt and high heel stilettos.

Cheryl calmly removed her shirt and let her skirt drop to the floor. "Since my cock slut says he loves cock so much..." Cheryl pulled down her panties. Between her legs hung a massive, thick cock; bigger than the Realdoe she had fucked me with. It wasn't a strap-on but a replacement of her previously existing cunt.

Even after orgasming multiple time, my cock was still able to become stiff.

She moved between my thighs. "Ready?"