 Chapter 2 - New Powers

Mandy was catching her breath. She looked up at me... and smiled.

"Baby, you're amazing... I've never been fucked so well ever. I didn't feel you cum..." Her right hand reached down between her legs and massaged my ball sac wet with her pussy juices.

"You ready for some more Mandy? I think I've got quite a bit of fucking left in me." I grinned at her, and my right hand went up to massage her left breast. Her soft tit flesh was putty in my hand, her nipple was hard and poked into my palm. 

Mandy moaned and her crossed her ankles behind my lower back.

"Give it to me baby... I might not be able to walk tomorrow, but I'll be damned if I can't fuck you till you cum." She switched to her left hand to massage my balls, while her right started fondling her breast, bringing her nipple into her

mouth to suckle.

It was the green light I needed, and I started pumping Mandy's pussy again. Both my hands took hold of her big breasts as I pumped her viciously. I could feel my orgasm building in the pit of my groin.

"Uhhh... uhh... uh.... baby fuck me... I'm coming again... I can't believe it...! Uhhhh!" Mandy's hands tore at the sheets as she came again. She must have depleted her cum juice supply because this time her pussy only got a little wetter instead of squirting all over me.

And it was at the point, with my arousal building to a peak, that another strange thing happened.

USER INTERFACE ONLINE...

STANDBY FOR HEADS-UP DISPLAY ACTIVATION...

"What?" I gasped as light blue text appeared in the top left corner of my peripheral vision. Busy enjoying her fourth orgasm, Mandy never noticed my surprise. My thrusting stopped as I shook my head... thinking the words in my head were part of my imagination. 

HUD ACTIVE.

INTERCOURSE WITH HUMAN SUBJECT DETECTED.

WOULD YOU LIKE TO CONTINUE?

"What? Yes?" I didn't know what was going on and who or what was asking me questions.

COMMAND UNDERSTOOD. COMMENCING SUBJECT ANALYSIS.

"Oh baby that was wonderful... why are you stopping? Are you....*" Mandy suddenly stopped talking mid sentence. I looked at her face and found that she now wore a blank expression. Her eyes stared unfocused at the ceiling, mouth half open. Her hands, originally stroking her stomach and right breast in post-orgasmic satisfaction, had stopped mid stroke. Legs that had grabbed me so tightly now lay spread and lifeless on the bed.

"Wait... What happened? Mandy? Are you OK?" I reached over and rubbed her cheek gently, but Mandy did not respond. Her expression remained unchanged, breathing shallow but steady.

SUBJECT IMMOBILISED. ANALYSIS IN PROGRESS. STANDBY.

"What? What do you mean immobilised? Who are you?"

SUBJECT IS UNDER ANALYSIS. STANDBY. 2ND QUERY IS NOT UNDERSTOOD.

"What do you mean immobilised?" What was going on? My arousal had begun to fade and I moved to withdraw from Mandy's now relaxed cunt.

DO NOT CEASE INTERCOURSE WITH SUBJECT. ANALYSIS IN PROGRESS.

"What?" Strangely, despite my drop in arousal, my cock remained rock hard inside Mandy.

ANALYSIS COMPLETE. SUBJECT IS HUMAN FEMALE, 26 YRS OF AGE, HEALTHY.

SUBJECT IS SUITABLE FOR PHASE 1 MODIFICATION.

NANITE RESERVOIR FULL, READY FOR IMPREGNATION.

SELECT OPTIONS...

"Wait, what do you mean phase 1 modification... what nanites... what impregnation?" I asked out loud. The text was in my head, but I didn't know how else to communicate with it. I must have been a strange sight. Standing at the edge of my bed, cock buried deep in a comatose hot babe, talking to myself.

SUBJECT IS SUITABLE FOR PHASE 1 MODIFICATION. SELECT OPTIONS:

1. APPEARANCE MODIFICATION

2. PHYSIOLOGICAL UPGRADE

3. SELF DEFENCE MODULES

"You need to explain what these options mean..." I said. But the text did not change. It seemed to be waiting for me to make a decision.

"Select Option 1."

OPTION 1 SELECTED. 

A 3D schematic of a naked Mandy appeared in my vision. The image rotated, showing me every square inch of her. Her pretty face, slim waist, D-cup breasts, long legs.

INPUT APPEARANCE MODIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.

Wow.... If I understood the display correctly, it was asking me to give instructions on how to change Mandy's appearance. 

While I didn't have a clue how this could be possible, it was certainly tempting to see what would happen. As the image rotated, I found I could zoom into any part of Mandy's body for a closer look. I noticed things that I had not seen before. 

Her butt was slimer than I'd imagined, her eyelashes were a bit thin, and she had freckles on her face and back. Well, I wasn't one to look a gift horse in the mouth. I was being offered the chance to make a perfect fuck buddy. Not knowing how to input instructions, I imagined the changes that I wanted.

First, I removed her freckles and lengthened and thickened her eyelashes. Then I imagined her butt rounder and higher, adding an image of it bouncing while she walked. 

INPUTS RECEIVED. MODIFICATIONS CODED. AWAITING FURTHER INPUTS.

Modifications coded? Did it mean DNA coded? I didn't know. But I decided that there were other things that would make Mandy even more perfect. Her D-cups were already amazing, and all I could ask for (I could not even fully cup them with my 

hands), but the small dark brown areolas seemed a bit too tiny for these generous cups. I imagined the areolas bigger... the size of the base of a champagne glass. Meanwhile, I imagined her nipples growing to an inch in length when erect. As a finishing touch, I imagined her pussy lips smooth and hairless, but left a lush growth of pubic hair in a fan shape starting an inch above her clit, where it would not interfere with any muff diving I might want to do.

INPUTS RECEIVED. MODIFICATIONS CODED. 

It seemed to realise that I had no further instructions as the option menu was displayed again.

SELECT OPTIONS.

Hmmm, self defence modules?

OPTION 3 SELECTED. CHOOSE UPGRADE:

1. CAMOUFLAGE

2. ARMOUR (LIGHT)

3. REGENERATION (GRADE 1)

Camouflage?

OPTION 1 SELECTED. MODULE CODED. ALL NANITES ALLOCATED. READY TO COMPLETE IMPREGNATION. RE-ACTIVATING SUBJECT.

"What? What do you mean..." Before I could finish, I suddenly felt Mandy's pussy grab my dick. 

"...done? Did you cum?" said Mandy, looking at me smiling. Her hands were once again stroking her stomach and left tit.

"Huh... Oh... not yet Mandy... Think you can take a bit more?" I realised that Mandy had continued from mid sentence where she left off when she had been immobilised. It was as if she was a talking toy that had been turned off and on again and continued as if nothing had happened. And as perverse and it might seem, I took a wierd pleasure in knowing that I could turn this hot chick on and off whenever I liked.

"Give it to me baby.... Don't hold back!" she giggled, squeezing me with her pussy and wraping her long legs around my back.

So I did. Encouragement from her pussy was all I needed to re-ignite my lust, and I started pounding her again. Just like her speech, the moment she woke, her pussy had started producing lubrication without missing a beat and was nice and wet again.

"Slap slap slap..." I had waited long enough, it had been 20 years since I'd last shot my load in a woman and I wasn't going to wait any longer.

"Uhhh... Uh... give it to me baby....! UHHHH!" Mandy moaned as she came again after about five minutes of thrusting. 

I felt my arousal peaking. A heat built in my loins and started to spread up my cock. I kept strokking and the heat made its way to my cock head.... and burst out... 

"Ohhhhh.... I can feel you cumming.... oh... ughhh.... squirting into me... filling me up... I can't bel*...." And just like before, Mandy stopped mid-beat, her convulsing body suddenly became still.

NANITE INSEMINATION COMMENCING. 25%.... 50%.....

I had no energy to be surprised this time round. As my cum came spurting out, pleasure shot up from my balls into the rest of my body and I lost control of my body. All I could do was thrust madly, feeding the pleasure shooting up my cock and from my balls. It didn't matter that Mandy had become comatose again, or that my HUD was telling me something. I just needed to cum.

... 100%. NANITE INSEMINATION COMPLETE. MODIFICATIONS IN PROGRESS. TIME TO COMPLETION 02 HRS 30 MIN.

After 30 sec of spurting, my orgasm finally ended. Gasping for breath, I looked down to find Mandy still frozen in mid-speech, hands grabbing the sheets, toes curled in ecstasy. My cock, just as if I had just cum normally, began to shrink, and I shakily pulled it out of Mandy's wet cunt.

I stepped back... catching my breath... I stared at my former caretaker and wondered what I should do. Based on the HUD update, the modifications would take more than two hours... whatever that meant. Meanwhile she would remain unresponsive,

her mind in hibernation, body frozen. While her pose was rather sexy, I felt a bit bad leaving her that way, especially given how much pleasure she had just given me. I tried to adjust her position and found that, while a bit stiff, Mandy's limbs could be moved. I rearranged her body into a sleeping position, and then lifted her under the covers. Lastly, I closed her eyes and mouth and left her to hibernate.

Now that my lust had abated, I could finally think and figure out all that had happened since last night. Thinking that some exercise would do me good, I put on a pair of running shorts and shoes and headed for a run around the lake.

*******

<>

I awoke to someone shaking my shoulder and calling my name. With considerable effort I opened my eyes.

"Mandy! Wake up!" said John as he shook my shoulder.

Where was I? The last thing I remembered was.... Omigod... I had just fucked what had appeared to me a younger version of Michael, my boss! 

"Omigod! I... What? John? What happened?" I sat up... Images of being fucked by my young, muscular and handsome boss flashed through my mind. I remembered the huge surges of pleasure young-Michael's huge dick had given me when he'd fucked me and how I had cum over and over. The memory sent stabs of pleasure into my cunt and I could feel my pussy getting wet all over again.

"You're asking me? I step out to buy breakfast and come back to find you getting your brains fucked out by some guy?! I should be asking you what the fuck had happened!" said John. He was clearly angry. I couldn't blame him. He was supposed to be my boyfriend and we had just fucked this morning. I didn't know how to explain the overwhelming lust that I had felt when I'd seen young-Michael's huge dick and muscular body. I'd simply lost control, only being able to think about how much I'd wanted to get fucked by that big dick.

"John, I'm sorry... I really dunno what came over me... and I..." What could I say....? And the saddest part was that I didn't even feel bad that I had cheated on John. All I could think about was where Michael was and when he was going to stuff his dick into me again. My pussy just kept getting wetter. Great.

"We can talk about that later. What's more important is that there seem to be people approaching the house and I think they have guns. We need to get out of here now."

"What? What do you mean? Guns? Who?" I asked. Who would want to threaten Michael, he was, until this morning, a 70+ geriatric with cancer.

"I don't know. I came back to find you thinking to break up with you instead of leaving without a word and found you sleeping here. There's no one else in the house, and when I went down to the kitchen to get a drink, I saw an MPV drive up and a few people in black step out. They seemed to be carrying rifles." He looked scared and was visibly trying to remain calm in front of me. "We need to get out of here now!"

"There's a back door, we just need to get down..." I began when we heard two crashes from below. It sounded like someone breaking in both the front and back doors simultaneously.

"Shit! Shit! They're coming in...! Shit.... Does your boss keep any guns here? Shit! Fuck!" John was loosing it. He ran to the bedroom door and closed it.

"I don't know. I've never seen any in the house. Oh John, what are we going to do? Do you think they'll kill us? Oh god...." Before I could say another word, they burst into the room.

There were 2 of them. One man and one woman, both dressed in black. The man was handsome, slightly over 6 feet and broad shouldered. He wore a black shirt, belt and black pants. The woman was very pretty, with striking green eyes. She stood about 5'9" and wore a black sleeveless skin tight blouse and a black leather mini-skirt with knee high boots. I noticed that she had no bra on, and the nipples of her C-cups poked through the thin material of her blouse.

"Who are you? What do you want?" I shouted, pulling up the sheets to cover myself. They didn't respond. The man started approaching me, while the woman approached John. That was when I noticed something wrong with John.

When the door had first opened, John had reached for a chair to throw. However, he now stood frozen, arms hanging loosely from his sides. His eyes were fixed on the woman and followed her as she approached him. His gaze shifted from her face to her breasts, but never left her.

"John? John what's wrong? Wake up!" I screamed, but there was no response.

The woman closed the distance and came to a stop in front of John. She reached out and placed her left hand on his shoulder and pushed him to the floor. He sank obediently to his knees in front of her, eyes never leaving her face. Without hesitating, the woman pulled up her skirt all the way to her waist. Underneath, she was naked. Reaching out with her right hand, she grabbed John's head and pressed his face into her pelvis.

"What the fuck are you doing?!" I shouted.

She turned to me and smiled. Spreading her legs slightly, she gave John full access to her blond pussy. As if in a trance, John automatically started licking at her pussy lips. He buried his face into her pussy and slurped loudly, licking and kissing her pussy and cunt with abandon.

"Mmmmmm.... that's nice... keep going.... I've got a nice present for you...." Said the woman. 

"John wake up!" I screamed, but John kept licking. The woman's partner now stood unmoving next to me, seemingly happy to allow the scene to play out before making his next move.

John licked and sucked, barely stopping to breathe. After a few minutes, the woman's breathing quickened as her orgasm approached.

"Good boy... just a little more... yes... yes.... Yes!" she moaned as her pussy gushed clear fluid into John's face. John opened his mouth wide and cupped the woman's pussy in an effort to catch all her pussy juices in his mouth. Her orgasm lasted many seconds and John swallowed feverishly to get every bit.

"Ahhhh.... I told you I had something nice for you..." Her orgasm done, the woman stepped back and pulled her skirt back down. Turning, she walked from the room without another word.

"John? Are you alright?" I asked. But John did not respond. He knelt there unmoving, eyes closed.

"John? Are you...." Suddenly, John stood up. He opened his eyes and walked out of the room.

"Wait! Where are you going? What about me?! John!" But my cries fell on deaf ears and John left the room.

I was terrified. What had just happened? What had that bitch done to John?

"Don't worry, now its your turn." Said the man suddenly. I screamed and tried to crawl over the bed and away from him.

He reached out and grabbed my by the hair, yanking me back towards him effortlessly.

I screamed and tears started to stream down my face.

"For some strange reason you seem immune to the phermone cloud. No matter, in a few moments you'll be joining us anyway." 

Putting his other hand in between my legs, he flipped me onto my back on the bed. Using his right hand, he kept me from escaping by pressing down on my chest. He was very strong and the pressure made it difficult to breathe, much less move. 

With his left hand, my assailant unzipped his pants.

Out popped a huge semi-erect cock. It was 7 inches long and growing.

"No... no... please.... don't.... please!" I screamed and struggled, but it made no difference.

"Unlike Lisa, I don't feel the need to take pleasure from every impregnation. While you are certainly extremely attractive, I'll find another time to enjoy you. This will be quick... and perhaps even painless if you stop struggling." Without another word, he spread my legs and thrust his big cock into my pussy.

"Noooo! Nooo!" I felt him enter me painfully. He was rock hard and huge. I felt him stroke... once, twice, and he came.

"Ahhhh....! Stop....! *" and everything turned to darkness.