 Chapter 3 - Damsel in Distress

<>

Crouching in the bushes 400 yards away I watched the black MPV pull away. I thought I'd seen 1 woman and 3 men enter my home, but 4 men leave. Strangely, 1 of the departing men looked like he was Mandy's boyfriend.

I could not afford to wait any longer. When I'd completed my loop of the lake, I'd returned to find the MPV up front and 4 black clad individuals, 2 of which carrying assault rifles breaking into my home. 

While I'd wanted to rush right in, logic prevailed and I decided to see if the rifle toting suits would leave.

Now that they'd left, I was out of excuses and urgently wanted to get in there and find out if Mandy was alright.

As the MPV drove off, I ran quietly up to the back door and stepped in.

PHERMONE CLOUD DETECTED. CLASS 3 PRECURSOR ASSESSED TO BE IN VICINITY.

What? What did that mean? What was a precursor and...

"As we suspected, there was another subject living here." Came a woman's voice.

I spun round and saw the black clad blond step out from the study. She had sensual features, green eyes, blond hair reaching to her slim waist, nice perky breasts and long shapely legs. Where do all these perfect women come from?!

"Strange... You seem immune to my phermone cloud... You must be genetically related to the female upstairs, who also had an immunity to Unit 3's influence. Hopefully insemination would not result in system corruption in your case as well. It is difficult to find such good looking human subjects." said the woman as she strode sensually towards me.

"What do you mean system corruption? Are you referring to Mandy? What have you done to her?" I asked, stepping backwards away from her.

"Frankly, you should be more worried about your own welfare..." she said before suddenly pouncing towards me. Her movements were lightning quick, and before I could react, she had grabbed me around my throat with her right hand. She had a vice-like grip and I had difficulty breathing.

THREAT DETECTED. SELF-DEFENCE MODULES ACTIVE.

I felt a surge of strength and instinctively snapped my right forearm to dislodge her throat lock. 

"What?! How did you do that?" She said, a look of surprise on her sexy face. Before I could answer, she lashed out with a right side kick to my face. The force of the kick was unbelievable. The blow carried me clear across the kitchen before I crashed into the opposite wall. I dropped to the floor, head spinning. I realised that a kick that hard should have taken my head off rather than just stunned me.

I looked up just in time to see her fist snap into my face. My head cracked into the masonary wall, and I felt the brick crack against my left cheek. Wait... the brick cracked? Blood ran dripped onto the floor, flowing from a broken nose, torn lip and a cut on my right cheek. A wetness on the back of my neck indicated that I'd likely picked up a bad cut on the back of my skull as well.

DAMAGE SUSTAINED. CLASS 3 PRECURSOR IS CAPABLE OF INFLICTING SEVERE TRAUMA TO THIS UNIT. SELECT ATTACK OPTION: 1. STUN CHARGE 2. BLADES 3. PHERMONE CLOUD (INEFFECTIVE) 4. PROJECTILE WEAPON (UNAVAILABLE)

"Option 1...." I gasped. My right arm lashed out, palm open toward her face. 

"What?!" she said just as a bright blue bolt of energy emerged from my palm and shot towards her. She moved lightning quick again, and managed to get her face out of the way, but the stun charge still caught her in the stomach.

"Thoomm!" The discharge sounded like thunder outside your front door. The bolt blasted into her and she flew across the kitchen, through a wooden wall and into the den with a loud crash.

STUN CHARGE DEPLETED. RECHARGE IN 10 SEC... 9 SEC... 8 SEC...

Woah. I could use one of these once every 10 seconds. This was good shit. I stumbled to my feet.

Crossing the room, I found her sprawled in the smashed remains of my fireplace. The stun charge had knocked her 20 feet through the air, through a teak partition wall a foot thick, and into my stone fireplace. She had to be unconscious by now.

SCANNING... OPPONENT IS TEMPORARILY IMMOBILISED. FULL SYSTEM FUNCTIONS WILL RETURN IN APPROX 60 SEC... 59 SEC....

"What? What would it take to stop this bitch?" I said as I made my way into the den. My stun charge had hit her in the stomach, and the energy had burned off all her clothing and singed her blond hair. Her eyes were closed and mouth slightly parted. A black scorched circle dominated her stomach, looking as it I had pressed the bottom of a hot frying pan to her skin. Her C-cup breasts were untouched (thankfully) and rose and fell with her breathing. Her sprawled position in the fire place also meant that her legs were spread, pussy open to my view, revealing a tuft of blond pubic hair and pink pussy lips that pouted seductively in my direction. My cock throbbed and started to get hard. I was hopeless.

EFFECTIVE IMMOBILISATION OF CLASS 3 PRECURSOR WOULD REQUIRE SUSTAINED APPLICATION OF STUN CHARGE TO BASE OF ITS SKULL. 10 

SEC CONTINUOUS SHOCK TREATMENT WOULD RESULT IN DE-PROGRAMING OF ITS LOGIC NANITES, REMOVING COGNITIVE FUNCTIONS.

"Sounds good. Let's do it." I tried to tear my gaze away from her pussy, but when I looked further up her hot burnt body, my eyes automatically locked onto her nipples and stayed there.

WARNING: 10 SEC SUSTAINED STUN DISCHARGE WILL DEPLETE THIS UNIT'S ENERGY RESERVES. ALL NON-CORE FUNCTIONS WILL CEASE WHILE 

BATTERY BACK RECHARGES. RECHARGE DURATION ESTIMATED AT 15 MINUTES.

"That doesn't sound so bad. We better do this before this bitch wakes up and tries to take my head off for zapping her..." 

Reaching down, I flipped ninja bitch onto her chest. Kneeling such that I straddled her lower back, trying to ignore my erect cock poking out of the top of my running shorts, I placed the palms of both hands against the base of her skull. 

"Ok, I'm ready whenever you are. Hit it!" I said.

INITIALISING MAXIMUM SUSTAINED DISCHARGE.... NOW.

I felt a searing pain shoot from my spine and stomach, up into my shoulders, and down into my palms. My hands glowed bright blue as the energy entered through my wrists and burst out into the base of her skull. The moment the discharge hit her, she started to convulse wildy beneath me. Her arms and legs flaied wildly, and she bucked against me from below. Ignoring the pain in my arms and the bucking of her body, I continued to press down on her, holding her still to enable the delivery of the full charge.  

After what seemed like an eternity of pain, the blue glow in my hands began to fade and with it the pain. Ninja bitch continued to convulse weakly, but the bulk of her struggles had ended.

DISCHARGE COMPLETED. SHUTTING DOWN NON-CORE FUNCTIONS.

"Wait! Is it done? Has she been dealt with?" But my HUD had gone blank. In fact, I noticed that my vision wasn't as clear as before... it was like my eyes had gone from High Definition to VCD quality output. My friendly super computer buddy with all the answers really seemed to have gone on vacation.

I was still kneeling over the woman. The last of her convulsions had ended, and she now lay still beneath me spread eagle and face down. Her blond hair was a sexy mess, and there was a black scorch where I had delivered the charge to the base of her head. Leaning forward, I turned her head to look at her face. Her eyes were open, but unfocused, as if there was nobody home. She looked very much like Mandy mid-fuck when HUD (I decided that was an easy way to refer to the supercomputer in my brain) had immobilised her.

The little bit of drool flowing from the precursor's parted lips convinced me that the immobilisation had been successful. 

I placed her head back down and rose to my feet. Standing over her naked body, I felt a sudden urge spread her legs and give her a quick fuck just to vent my frustration after the beating I had received from her... but then I remembered...

"Mandy! Oh shit!" Turning, I dashed up the stairs towards my bedroom.

Bursting into the room, I found Mandy sprawled unmoving on my bed naked. Her legs were draped over the edge, feet on the floor. Her thick black hair was a mess. Most disturbingly, her eyes stared blankly at the ceiling. Again.

"Oh fuck... What happened? Mandy! Wake up!" I moved to her side of the bed and noticed a trickle of blood flowing out of her pussy. She had been raped. Fuck! But that didn't explain her dead-battery-sex-toy expression. Then I remembered that ninja bitch had said that Mandy had experienced 'system corruption'. Something must have happened when she got raped, presumably by another precursor unit that must have tried to inseminate her with its own nanites.

What the hell do I do now?! Mandy was still breathing, so CPR was out of the question. How was I supposed to wake her up out of the state she was in?! Hud, where the fuck are you when I need you most?!

But HUD did not answer. It had warned me that non-core functions would stop for a period. Fuck! What the hell do I do now? 

I can't just sit here and wait.... Mandy might by dying for all I could tell.

Wait a second... When I'd inseminated Mandy earlier, HUD had said that I'd done so using my nanites. Assuming all precursors carried nanites, and that would explain the nanite conflict occuring inside Mandy now after being raped, then brain dead ninja bitch would be carrying some around too. Perhaps if I could coax some out of her, I could use them to 'heal' Mandy.

I ran back downstairs. Ninja bitch was still on the floor where I had left her. How do I get the nanites out of her? Then it dawned on me. If ninja bitch's system worked like mine, all I had to do was get her to cum and nanites would come pouring out. Then, I just needed to find a way of absorbing them so I could re-use them.

I picked her up and flipped her into a sitting position on my couch. Getting to my knees between her legs, I got to work. 

While its been some years since I'd given oral sex to a woman, thankfully it appeared that finger fucking and clit sucking was like riding a bike. Within a few moments I was slurping, stroking and sucking like a pro. Thankfully, being brain dead did not prevent ninja bitch's pussy from responding to my minstrations. After several minutes of hard work on my part, her cunt was leaking juice onto my couch and her clit and inner lips were swollen with arousal. I also noticed that her breathing had become laboured... her mouth had even opened to allow her to breathe better, though her eyes continued to gaze into empty space.

It would seem that her body still recognised, and enjoyed, a good muff dive when it received one.

I rubbed my face in her pussy... breathed in her musky scent... hang on... better not get carried away... I was a muff diver on a mission! I licked and sucked... I could feel her pussy gripping my fingers harder with every stroke. Here she comes....

"Unnngh.... Uhhhh... Uhh...!" She moaned. Her eyes and expression remained blank, but her body was obviously enjoying itself. And most importantly... she gushed.... Clear pussy juice sprayed out of her pussy... I immediately cupped my mouth over her slit and tried to catch it all... warm salty juice poured into my mouth and down my throat. I gulped and slurped... She came and came... for almost 15 seconds she poured pussy juice down my throat... before her orgasm came to a shuddering end.

OK... I had collected the nanites (I hoped), so what do I do now?

SYSTEM RE-INITIALISING. NEW NANITE SUPPLY DETECTED. NANITE RESERVOIR AT 100%... WOULD YOU LIKE TO ABSORB EXCESS NANITES OR 

EXPAND NANITE RESERVOIR?

"Uh... expand reservoir?" 

COMMAND ACCEPTED. RESERVOIR EXPANDED TO DOUBLE CAPACITY.

"I need to save Mandy. We have nanites available, is there anything we can do?"

SUBJECT MANDY IS EXPERIENCING SYSTEM CORRUPTION DUE TO PROGRAMMING CONFLICTS BETWEEN TWO OPPOSING NANITE INSEMINATIONS. 

SOLUTION IS TO INSERT NEW NANITES DESIGNED TO RE-PROGRAM EXISTING UNITS WITHIN SUBJECT MANDY.

"Alright! Let's do it!" I stood up and was turned to rush up the stairs. I spared a glance at brain dead ninja bitch.... 

Woah... she was one hot chick... boobs a bit small for my taste... but I'm sure that could be adjusted... her long legs led to heaven... and she had eyes and a mouth that screamed sex appeal.... and I'd always liked white blond pussies.... I was definitely going to come back to make full use of her once I'd rescued Mandy.

I ran up the stairs to my bedroom. Mandy was where I left her.

"How do I do this?" I asked.

SUBJECT MANDY NEEDS TO INJEST RE-PROGRAMMING NANITES.

"Ok... Can I just deposit them into her mouth?"

AFFIRMATIVE. INGESTION IS SUFFICIENT.

"OK... The poor girl's just been raped, so I'm definitely not going to try and fuck her now. I'm going to stick my cock in her mouth. HUD, please deliver the re-programmed nanites." I pulled my cock out. With my right hand I gently pried Mandy's mouth open and then stuff whatever little of my erect cock head into it.

COMMAND RECEIVED... DISCHARGING NOW....

"Unngh.... woah that feels good....!" I had not expected this process to be pleasurable... but I suppose ejaculation was ejaculation and nature had its way of rewarding us for spreading the good seed. My cum burst out of my cock into Mandy's mouth. As if instinctively, Mandy started swallowing my cum. After about 10 sec of squirting... my orgasm ended.... Mandy had swallowed it all...

NANITES DELIVERED... RE-PROGRAM IN PROGRESS... SUBJECT MANDY WILL REBOOT SHORTLY...

Excellent! She's safe.... then it dawned on me that I was standing naked over Mandy with my cock in her face when the last thing she most likely remembered was being raped. NOT A GOOD IDEA.

I pulled up my shorts and rushed into my wardrobe and pulled on a t-shirt... at least I wasn't naked.

"Uhhh.... What... uhhh... Nooo! Noo!.... " Mandy shouted... jerking to her feet. She glanced around... eyes wide with fear.

"Mandy, its ok... its me... Michael... you're alright... who ever it was that tried to hurt u is gone.... ok?" I said trying to calm her. I moved to her side and pulled her into a hug. She didn't resist.... She was trembling...

"Michael... Oh god... there were 2 of them... they came in... and he raped me... I blacked out... but... they took John!" 

She looked up at me, tears were streaking down her face. Her naked closeness pressed against my cock... I was having trouble concentrating on her story.

"OK... slow down... tell me slowly... what happened..." I sat her down on the bed and stood in front of her. She started relating what had happened to her and John when she woke up. I had difficulty paying attention... my eyes kept getting drawn to her big naked D-cups... Sheesh... pay attention for god's sake!

"Michael... are you listening? Michael..." It was then that she noticed that my cock had gotten erect in my shorts. As she was sitting right in front of me, my cock was at her eye level (again!).

"Oh... wow... your cock... wow... uh... what was I saying...? Wow... your cock is so big..." Her gaze was locked on my cock as it continued to grow... When my cock head popped out of the top of my shorts, I heard her sigh softly, mouth open, tongue licking her lips.

I think I'm about to get lucky again...