 Chapter 6

[Mandy] 

Mandy's pussy and lower abdomen felt full and warm. After her cunt had drained the balls of 11 of her 12 captors, she could feel the warm fluid sloshing around inside her. While her last captor was now pumping his cock into her cunt with abandon, moments away from shooting his load into Mandy, the other 11 men were strewn around her cell in various states of unconsciousness. The viciousness with which her cunt had sucked the sperm right out of their balls had drained all of them physically. As pleasurable as the experience had been for each of the men, their bodies could not take the strain of delivering all their cum at one go.

"Come on baby, dun stop... you're almost there! Squirt that cum into my pussy!" said Mandy. Just as with the last 11, she felt her orgasm building as the man above her got closer to ejaculation. After observing her body's reactions, she now understood that something was happening within her body. It was now actively trying to absorb sperm from her captors, and would reward Mandy with pleasure whenever sperm was delivered into her pussy. Interesting... Her body now had a mind of its own and seemed to operate independent of Mandy's mind, seeking some greater objective. Whatever the case, Mandy prepared herself for another mind-blowing orgasm. Her captor was at his limit and would be shooting sperm into her cunt any moment.

"Uh! Uh! I'm coming bitch! Uh! Uh! Uh! So much! Uh! I can't stop! It feels amazing!" he screamed as his balls uncontrollably delivered sperm into Mandy's cunt. It responded to the amazing sunction of her pussy, squirting cum for all it was worth.

"Give it to me baby! Oh! Oh! Oh!" as the hot sperm hit Mandy's cunt, wave after wave of pleasure shot through her body. As with the last few, her cunt literally milked her captors dry, and after less than a minute of continuous squirting, number 12 collapsed on top of Mandy. Mandy shoved him off her, and lay back on the bed to enjoy the after shocks of her orgasm.

"Ok... 12 massive orgasms, a cunt full of spunk, now what..." strangely, she had not lost consciousness like the last few times. Comparatively, she had also orgasmed alot less. Each of her previous crazed sessions had resulted in Mandy having 30-40 orgasms, before she lost consciousness from the exertion. This time round, she was still fully conscious and in control. Something really was up.

"Hey!" suddenly, Mandy felt a heat rush up from her cunt. The thick spunk that had built up in her pussy seemed to be bubbling and swirling. "What the heck?! What's going on in there?!" Within moments, the heat built to an almost painful level, and a surge of numbness spread outwards from Mandy's cunt.

"Uggh... What's happening?!" as the numbness spread, the collection of hot sperm in her cunt seemed to diminish. Was the sperm being suddenly absorbed by her body?! That was both gross and ridiculous! There should be no way that could happen! That said, her pussy should not have been able to suck sperm out of these men either. The numbness had spread to her neck and ankles. She had difficulty moving, and lay on the bed gasping for air. After many moments, the numbness began to fade, and feeling returned to her body. Fearful of another attack of wierdness, Mandy sprang out of bed to her feet. Surprisingly, no stream of sperm came flowing out of her cunt. In fact, her cunt felt dry. The sperm really had been absorbed! The warmth in her gut also faded. Unsteady on her feet, and not sure what to do next, Mandy stumbled a few steps to stop in front of the mirror.

"Omigod!" said Mandy when she saw her reflection. Her previously super slender body now looked like it had picked up almost 10 pounds of muscle mass. Her arms and legs remained lean, but now were lined with toned muscle. She had developed a six pack and lats that you could grate cucumbers on. Her DD boobs now sat on top of respectable pecks that made her breasts seem even firmer and more defined -- permanent push-up. Her butt was still bubble shaped, but revealed toned gluts every time she stretched her legs or hips. Oddly, her hair seemed to have grown another six inches as well, now touching the top of her ass crack. Overall, while still surprising, the new muscle tone was not unattractive, and had turned Mandy from voluptous slut to voluptous amazon babe. "Wow... I look... Amazing! What on earth happened to me? Is this where all that sperm went?!"

It was then that Mandy noticed something else about her unconscious captors. Glancing around the room, she had the distinct impression that all of them had lost some weight. In fact, many of them were shorter and leaner than she remembered. From what she had gathered from their conversation, each of them had been "engineered" by the "Firm" as soldiers. She remembered all of them being big, bulky and strong. But the 12 men that lay on the floor around her looked more like skinny drug addicts than super soldiers. "Is that where all their mass went? Into me?! Well if that's the case, I'm glad I dun look like a body builder!"

[Author's note: After receiving instructions from Michael, the nanites in Mandy's body had gone to work. Instructed to rapidly evolve Mandy's body to enable her to escape, the nanites needed to find a source of raw material to work their magic. Sperm from the Firm's supersoldiers proved to be just the thing. The nanites modified Mandy's pussy to excrete a toxin that would be absorbed into her captors' bloodstream through the skin of their cocks. Once poisoned, her captors bodies were reprogrammed to expel the Firm's nanites that made them super soldiers. The nanites in her captors bodies were instructed to pool in their balls, to be expelled together with sperm. Then, it became child's play for Mandy's highly evolved pussy to suck every bit of cum out of each of her captors, taking the precious nanites together with it. Now, over and above the nanites that Michael had impregnated Mandy with back in his home, her body now had another 12 sets of nanites that were now being channelled into different parts of Mandy's body.]

Her captors' had the presence of mind to close and lock the steel door of her cell after they had come in. If she wanted to escape, Mandy would need to get through the door. "I wonder if these new muscles would be able to get me through this door." Bracing herself, Mandy slammed her right shoulder against the steel door. With a loud "crunk" the steel door tore right off its hinges, flew across the adjacent corridor and buried itself into the opposite brick wall.

"Wow! That was easy! I must be stronger than a bull!" Mandy thought, striding into the corridor. While she was surprised at how easy she had gone through the steel door, the urgency of escape prevented her from pausing to consider how much change her body had truly undergone.

She noted that the noise of her escape may have attracted attention, and immediately started creeping down the corridor in search of escape. Her bare feet made no noise and Mandy made quick progress down the corridor. Just as she was about to reach an intersection, she passed another steel door very similar to her own cell. Noises emanating from the door caused Mandy to stop and listen.

"Slap, slap, slap..." "Give it to me bitch!" "Slap, slap, slap..." "Yeah, suck my cock! You know you love it!"

The door to this cell had a small viewing pane in it. Mandy stepped up and peeped through. Inside, she saw a scene very similar to how it had been in her own cell minutes ago. About 10 naked, muscular men stood surrounding a naked woman. Two of their number had their cocks buried in her mouth and pussy respectively, pumping her holes furiously. The woman's body was beaded with sweat, her blond hair mated to her face and shoulders as she sucked and fucked with abandon. Even while she was busy filling her mouth and pussy with big cock, her hands were also busy giving two other men hand jobs.

"It looks like she's a willing participant. Though I'm sure when I was under the influence of the pheromones I must have acted just the same. I better go in and help her out!" thought Mandy. Just then, the man throat fucking the blond ejaculated. Moaning, he withdrew his softening cock from her mouth, revealing her face to Mandy. "Hey! She's the blond bitch I saw coming up the stairs to Michael's room. If I save her, she's going to take another shot and screwing my boyfriend!" 

At that moment, Mandy heard the sound of booted feet proceeding up the corridor towards her. Mandy panicked. The corridor provided no place to hide. Suddenly, she remembered her nakedness and felt even more vulnerable.

"What should I do?!" she thought. But before she could come up with an idea, four men turned the corner and saw her.

"Hey you! What the hell are you doing out of your cell?!" shouted the lead man, a blond. All four men were big, bulky and wore combat fatigues. Two of them carried what looked like assault rifles on their backs while the other two, including the blond, were armed only with large pistols and a big hunting knife across their chest webbing.

"Stay back! Stay away from me! I'm not going back into my cell!" screamed Mandy. She backpeddled, trying to get away from the guards. 

"Stop! Don't try to run! It'll only mean you're going to get hurt." said the blond. He signalled and two of his team immediately rushed towards Mandy to subdue her.

The first one closed the distance quickly, one hand grabbed Mandy's left forearm, while the other caught her around the neck. His partner grabbed Mandy's right wrist in both hands.

"No! Let me go!" she shouted. Instinctively, Mandy tensed her arms and pivoted to her left, trying to break free of the two men. Such a move should have been ineffective against the guards, given how much bigger they were, and the fact that they were super-soldiers just like the group she had left behind earlier.

But, to everyone's surprise, instead of struggling ineffectively, Mandy's turn lifted both guards of the ground! Like little children, Mandy's turning body spun both of them through the air, before both guards crashed into the concrete wall of the corridor. The impact left hairline cracks in the concrete wall and both guards grunted in pain, letting go of Mandy in the process.

Mandy stumbled free, just as shocked as the two remaining guards who had witnessed something that should have been impossible.

"Don't let her get away! Open fire!" shouted the blond, drawing his pistols and opening fire. His remaining subordinate swung out his assault rifle and started spraying white flashes at Mandy.

"No!" she screamed, certain that her life was about to end. But, instead of ripping Mandy to pieces, the hot ammo spewing from the three guns bounced harmlessly off Mandy's body. She could feel the bullets impacting her skin on her chest, breasts and stomach. It felt much like someone hosing her with a shower rose. This was amazing. Mandy realised that she was not only super strong, but also bullet proof.

"What the fuck?! How can you still be standing?!" said the blond.

"Well, I certainly can't tell you why I'm still standing. However, what I can tell you is that if you don't want me to rip your balls off and feed 'em to you, you two had better be running." 

Both men turned and ran.

"Alright... Now to find Michael and get the hell out of here!" said Mandy as she started down the corridor.

IEA: IN-EAR AIDE ONLINE. THIS UNIT HAS COMPLETED EVOLUTION AND IS NOW FULLY COMBAT CAPABLE.

"Huh... Is there something talking to me in my head?"

IEA: AFFIRMATIVE. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IS NOW ONLINE. STATE YOUR QUERY, IF ANY.

"Wow... Uh... what the heck is going on with me?"

IEA: THIS UNIT HAS UNDERGONE SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL EVOLUTION AS PER COMMAND OF UNIT MICHAEL. NANITES HAVE REBUILT MAJORITY THIS UNIT'S BODY IN ORDER TO MAKE THIS UNIT CAPABLE OF EXTREME COMBAT. KEY ATTRIBUTES INCLUDE INVULNERABILITY, SUPER-HUMAN STRENGTH AND ENHANCED REFLEXES.

"Oh... So that's why I'm suddenly so strong... and bullet proof! How did Michael manage to do that to me?"

IEA: UNIT MICHAEL INJECTED LARGE AMOUNTS OF BENEFICIAL NANITES INTO THIS UNIT THAT HAVE ENABLED THE EVOLUTION. THESE NANITES, COMBINED WITH ALIEN MATERIAL ABSORBED DURING INSEMINATION BY ARBITOR 2 DAYS AGO, AS WELL AS GENETIC MATERIAL STOLEN FROM SUPER-SOLDIERS OVER THE PAST HOUR HAVE RESULTED IN A UNIQUELY POWERFUL COMBINATION. 

"OK... Now I'm not sure whether to be grossed out... So essentially Michael's nanites, which I assume he pumped me full off when he fucked me, combined with the sperm from all those rapes to make me into Supergirl?"

IEA: THAT IS CORRECT. WITHOUT ALIEN GENETIC MATERIAL, THIS UNIT WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO ACHIEVE THIS LEVEL OF EVOLUTION.

"Ironically, if I hadn't been raped so many times, I would not be as strong as I am now?"

IEA: CORRECT.

"OK... Gotta make the best of things right? OK, time to make full use of these powers... Would you be able to locate Michael so that I can get him and bust out of this joint?"

IEA: AFFIRMATIVE, UNIT MICHAEL IS 2 LEVELS BELOW.

"Let's do it then. And feel free to give me a chance to bust some heads while we're making our way there." said Mandy as she started jogging down the corridor in search of a way down to her captive boyfriend.

[Michael]

HUD: UNIT MANDY HAS COMPLETED EVOLUTION. SHE IS NOW FULLY COMBAT CAPABLE AND HAS SUPERIOR OFFENCE/DEFENCE TO ALL BUT THE MOST POWERFUL OPPONENTS.

"Thats great news. Hope she managed to get out alright... Hopefully, she'll also be able to find me and pull my ass out of this shit hole." said Michael. He remained bound and naked, having been unable to free himself over the last few hours.

HUD: I AM TRACKING MANDY MOVING THROUGH THIS COMPLEX IN WHAT APPEARS TO BE A SEARCH PATTERN. IT IS HIGHLY LIKELY THAT MANDY IS ATTEMPTING TO LOCATE YOU.

"Cool... Since we were able to evolve Mandy to allow her to break free, any reason why I can't get out of these chains?" 

HUD: THIS UNIT IS NOT DESIGNED FOR COMBAT. THIS UNIT'S CONFIGURATION IS SUPPORT-ORIENTED, WITH PRIMARY FUNCTIONS BEING PHYSICAL MODIFICATION AND REPAIR. OFFENSIVE AND DEFENSIVE CAPABILITIES ARE VERY LIMITED.

"By modification you mean that nanite thing?"

HUD: AFFIRMATIVE.

"Great, so I'm a lover not a fighter..."

Just then, the door to the cell opened. In walked a woman dressed in a black business suit. Her hair was long and red, and her makeup done perfectly to accentuate her fair skin and green eyes. Despite her attire, Michael could tell that the clothes covered a hot body.

"Sorry to have kept you waiting so long Michael. I had some business to take care of in New York. I hope the accomodation has been to your liking?" she said as she walked over to stand over him. Michael's kneeling position placed his face exactly in front of the woman's crotch. He swore he could smell her sex through her clothes, but tried to push such thoughts from his mind.

"Nothing to say? My name is Alison and I run this little facility, as well as a bunch of others covering the coast. You've given us quite a bit of trouble you know that? I've no idea how you managed to overcome the Precursor that we left behind at your home, but you're obviously not just a man. By the way, we got Ann back and she's ours again. I don't know what you did to her, but it took 3 Arbiters fucking her for several hours to re-program her. We've never had to devote such resources before for one woman. Our analysis shows that you've got non-human DNA, so you're some form of hybrid. Tell us which planet you're from and what you're doing here messing with our business?" She dropped to a squating position in front of Michael and leaned forward such that her face was inches away from his. Michael could smell her perfume, noticed the elegant lines of her chin and neck, the yellow flakes in her green eyes.

HUD: WARNING, THIS UNIT IS BEING ASSAULTED BY EXTREMELY HIGH LEVELS OF PHEROMONES. SCANS ARE UNABLE TO DISCERN THE CLASSIFICATION OF THIS FEMALE. HOWEVER, INDICATIONS ARE THAT SHE IS AT LEAST A LEVEL 8 ARBITER OR DESTROYER. EXERCISE EXTREME CAUTION.

"No wonder I can barely think straight." thought Michael. He could feel the pheromones affecting him. Much as he wanted to avoid it, her sexuality was magnetic. He could feel his cock hardening, and he could not stop his gave from drifting back and forth over her eyes, lips and neckline. His eyes focused on the way her breasts pushed against the folds of her suit as she breathed. She must be at least a big C cup. Michael started to imagine what her nipples would feel like against his tongue. His cock was now fully erect and hung long heavy, its tip resting against the floor between his leg.

"So it seems you're not totally immune to my charms... Nice to know that a girl can still get a man hard. So, have you been hearing what I've been saying at all? Or have you been thinking with your cock all this time? Michael? Look at me Michael..." She reached over and tilted Michael's face up to look him in the eyes. "Get your head out of the gutter and into the game. Tell me where you're from and why you're here. Tell me, and I let you have what you want... Deal?" She smiled seductively and gently reached out with her right hand to stroke Michaels big cock.

"Uhhh...." Overwhelmed by her scent, the touch of her hand on his cock sent waves of pleasure through Michael's groin. He could literally feel his lust like a warm gentle hand around his balls, gently tugging, gently stroking. 

"I'll tell you anything you want... But I don't know the answers to your questions... I... Just woke up one morning, and I was this way... I've no idea what happened... I used to be old, dying of cancer... then I saw something one evening coming out of the lake near my home... It came up to me... There was a flash of light... And then the next morning, I'm young again... Full of vigour... And then all of you came along... That's all I know..."

"Hmmm... That's interesting... From what you've told me, it would seem that you... were in some way transformed after contact with an unknown entity..." Alison continued to stroke Michael's big cock. As his arousal grew, precum started to ooze out of this cock and drip onto the floor. Alison reached up and unbuttoned her blouse. Out popped a pair of pear-shaped D-cups with big dark brown nipples. She reached over and pressed Michael's face into her cleavage. "Really? Nothing else you think I might need to know?" She purred.

"Mmmm... mmm..." Michael couldn't resist the urge to nuzzle and lick Alison's tits. Her scent was amazing... All he wanted to do was put his cock in her cunt and fuck Alison's brains out.

"C'mon hero... anything else u wanna tell me?" asked Alison. She pulled away and stood up. Swaying like a professional dancer she began pulling her pants down to reveal a pair of red crotchless panties. Her pussy was shaved, and Michael could see little drops of her juices on her pussy lips. "C'mon... I know you want me... Just tell me a little more and I'll let you put that big cock anywhere you want..."

"I don't know anything else... Stop asking me questions... Just let me fuck you... please...!" said Michael, straining against the chains.

HUD: WARNING, ENGAGING IN INTERCOURSE WITH THIS FEMALE IS NOT RECOMMENDED. IT IS UNCERTAIN WHAT FORM OF INTERFACE WOULD OCCUR AND DIRECT EXPOSURE TO THIS FEMALE'S SECRETIONS MAY HAVE CONSEQUENCES.

But Michael couldn't care less what HUD was saying. All he could think of was fucking Alison. His mind was drowning in the phermone cloud... his eyes locked on her pussy, mouth hanging open... lips dry... His cock was a raging monster fighting for release into that inviting pussy.

"Looks like its going to take a little more encouragement for you to spill the beans...." said Alison. "Oh well, since I'm sure I'll enjoy it, no point holding us both back right?" Alison dropped to the floor and wiggled herself underneath Michael's squatting form. Positioning his cock just above her pussy, she spread her legs wide. "C'mon... what are you waiting for?"
