 [Michael]

Michael woke to pleasurable sensations coming out of his cock. He opened his eyes to find himself in bed with redhead pumping her cunt up and down his erect cock. Her back was to him as she squatted over his cock, pumping him with a passion. She was moaning loudly with every stroke and her cream was streaked over his cock. All Michael could see was her long, wavy red hair, her slim waist and bubble butt as his unknown lover fucked him.

Trying to think through the pleasure of the fucking and the moaning, Michael tried to remember where he was.

HUD: YOU ARE CURRENTLY IN THE PENTHOUSE SUITE OF THE LERVSON HOTEL. THE WOMAN YOU HAVING INTERCOURSE WITH IS NAMED RACHEL. SHE IS 26 YEARS OF AGE AND IN SUITABLE HEALTH WITH NO INFECTIOUS DISEASES. YOU MET HER IN A BAR LAST NIGHT, TOGETHER WITH ANOTHER WOMAN BY THE NAME OF LISA, AGED 29, WHO IS CURRENTLY IN THE SHOWER. YOU HAVE ALSO HAD INTERCOURSE WITH LISA SEVERAL TIMES LAST NIGHT. AS PER YOUR INSTRUCTION, NO NANITES WERE INSERTED INTO EITHER WOMAN.

That was helpful. Thanks HUD. Now quieten down a bit so I can enjoy fucking Rachel's brains out.

Michael turned his attention back to the redhead. By now, she must have been pumping him for some time as a few beads of sweat were running down her back. Her athletic body didn't seem to mind the exertions, and the growing volume of her moans indicated that she was thoroughly enjoying the exercise. Up and down his shaft rode Rachel's beautiful ass, her ass cheeks wobbling every time they hit against Michael's pelvis. White streaks of cream flowed down Michael's cock, forming small pools on his groin. The smell of her sex filled the room, together with her moans of passion.

"Don't stop babe... that feels wonderful...!" said Michael, reaching up with both hands to caress Rachel's ass cheeks.

"Oh... morning baby... Uh... uh... don't mind me... just a few more strokes... Just getting my morning endorphins... Uh... Uh... don't mind if I borrow your big cock for a couple more minutes right? Its... Uh... really hitting the spot..." said Rachel, her pumping never ceasing, sweat continuing to flow down her back. 

This chick is amazing... definitely a keeper!

"Are you kidding baby? Milk my cock for all its worth! Its all yours... don't stop at one on my account!" said Michael, cheering Rachel on by massaging her ass cheeks and taking some of the weight off her legs on the up strokes.

"Thought you'd say that! Thanks Michael... Just a little more... Wow... Your cocks feels amazing... Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh..." moaned Rachel with every down stroke. Michael could heel his cock head mashing against her cervix, sending waves of pleasure shooting up Rachel's cunt and groin. "I think I'm gonna cum baby... Uh... Uh... Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned, her strokes getting more hurried, her cream streaming out, frothing as her pussy lips churned it up against Michael's cock.

Expecting the strength to leave her legs as her orgasm hit, and not wanting the pleasurable stroking to stop, Michael took over from Rachel, using his strong arms to stroke her up and down his shaft, almost lifting her with every upstroke, and pounding her down hard with every downstroke.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Dun stop!" moaned Rachel as each time Michael's cock mashed against her cervix sent another powerful wave of pleasure through her. Michael gave Rachel her wish and pumped her furiously up and down his big hard shaft. 10 strokes... 20 strokes... 30 strokes....

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ok... I'm done... stop... stop baby... let me catch my breath..." gasped Rachel, her climax taking the strength from her.

Michael graciously lowered Rachel onto his cock, getting another moan from the hot red head as it sank into her hot soft flesh. Exhausted from the fucking and her huge 2 minute orgasm, Rachel slumped back onto Michael's chest, pussy still wrapped around his cock. Reaching back with her left arm she cupped Michael's head and pulled him into a long deep kiss.

"Oh... that was fantastic... where have you been all my life baby?" she asked, smiling at him.

"Well I'm here now..." said Michael, smiling back at her. Meanwhile, he admired the catch that he had in his hands. Aside from the fact that she was a red head, with thick lustrous wavy red hair, which was nice and rare, she was also a real beauty. She had big green eyes, long lashes, defined nose and cheek bones, full lips and perfect complexion. Her body was also of legend. Her sleek athletic frame and bubble butt was complemented, or perhaps some would say overshadowed, by beautiful tear drop D-cups, with pink areolas the size of small saucers. Her nipples, in post orgasmic bliss, stood out like little pinkies, asking for attention. Sweat pooled in her generous cleavage, now flowed back past her elegant neck onto Michael's chest.

Rachel was gorgeous. As beautiful as Mandy -- post-nanite enhancement! Which is to say nothing less than world-class! And just a bit more unique with her red hair.

I'm definitely keeping this one.

HUD: THAT MAY NOT BE ADVISABLE. UNIT MANDY IS VERY ATTACHED TO THIS UNIT EMOTIONALLY. SHE MAY NOT TAKE WELL TO YOU HAVING ANOTHER SEXUAL COMPANION.

C'mon HUD, don't be a spoil sport. Have you looked at Rachel? She's absolutely gorgeous! Even if I pump her full of nanites I couldn't even imagine how they would improve her looks!

HUD: MY ADVICE STILL STANDS. YOUR CURRENT COMPACT WITH MANDY HAS NOT DISCUSSED ANOTHER FEMALE COMPANION. HOWEVER, MANDY SEEMS TO HAVE CHOSEN TO INTERPRET YOUR CURRENT RELATIONSHIP WITH HER AS MONOGOMOUS. THIS IS EVIDENT FROM THE FACT THAT SHE HAS CHOSEN NOT TO ENGAGE IN INTERCOURSE WITH ANY OTHER MALE SINCE BEING TOGETHER WITH YOU. JUST AS YOU FIND MANDY ATTRACTIVE, THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT HER LIST OF SUITORS WOULD BE OFF THE CHARTS.

Alright. Point taken. So I need to talk to her about it first. You're right that I would seriously be pissed if I found Mandy fucking some other guy. I'll make sure I sound her out once she's back from visiting her folks.

HUD: AM I TO TAKE IT THAT, WHILE YOU WILL "SOUND MANDY OUT" AT A LATER TIME, YOU ARE INTENDING TO ESTABLISH A RELATIONSHIP WITH RACHEL IN THE MEANTIME?

Of course... you know me too well HUD. Once again, Rachel is world-class ass. I'm not letting her run off!

HUD: VERY WELL. YOU HAVE BEEN APPROPRIATELY ADVISED AGAINST TAKING THIS COURSE OF ACTION. SINCE YOU HAVE DECIDED, WOULD YOU LIKE TO IMPREGNATE RACHEL WITH NANITES?

Ha! What a brilliant idea HUD! Get with it!

HUD: PLEASE STATE THE EXTENT OF IMPREGNATION AND EVOLUTION DESIRED.

What do you mean? Hey, I'm in the middle of something important here... what extent? To the maximum extent possible! How's that?

HUD: UNDERSTOOD.

"Caught your breath baby? I'm not nearly done with my endorphin supplement this morning!" said Michael, rubbing his nose in Rachel's thick red hair, breathing in her scent.

"How kind of you to wait on me lover! You sure you weren't just taking break to avoid shooting your load too soon? I'm quite certain my pussy gives as good as it gets!" said Rachel cheekily, both hands stroking Michael's muscular stomach as she lay on his chest.

"Let's find out shall we?" said Michael, and before Rachel could reply, he lifted her easily off his cock with a soft "plop" and flipped her onto her back on the bed. Before Rachel could utter a come back, Michael positioned his big cock in front of her still wet pussy and drove it deep.

"Uh! Baby... you're really big you know that... Oh... you fill me up! I feel like I'm shooting a porn flick with one of those monster cock dudes....!" said Rachel.

"Hehe... I'm surprised no one's asked you to be in one already!" replied Michael.

"Who says I haven't?" said Rachel, grinning as she wrapped her long legs around Michael's lower back.

"Oh...? Is that a challenge? Baby, you're not even gonna remember your name once I'm done with you!" said Michael. Grabbing a big soft boob in each hand, Michael got to work. He began pumping his big cock into Rachel's pussy with slow long strokes. Each pull left only his cock head inside, and each push ended with his cock head mashed against her cervix. He would keep his buried deep for a full 2-3 seconds, to make sure Rachel feels how stretched her cunt was, and then pull back and stroke her again.

"Oh.... Michael... Oh.... Lover you know how to fuck! Oh.... nice and slow baby.... Oh.... I think... I'm gonna cum again..." moaned Rachel. And she came, barely 10 slow strokes in. A small but pleasurable orgasm hit her, and she gasped and thrashed for a couple of seconds.

"Oh... wow... don't think any man has made me cum so quick before... Oh... some more? Oh... dun stop!" moaned Rachel as Michael continued his slow, marvellous stroking. It took a man with unlimited sexual endurance to stroke a woman long and slow. And when a man has a long and thick cock, the sensations are unbelievable.

"Oh... Michael... I'm seriously in love with you here... I'm never going to need anyone else inside me now that I've met you... I'm gonna cum again by the way... Oh... oh... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned as another orgasm overcame her. This one was bigger than the last, and took a while more to fade. By this time, Rachel's chest and neck were flushed from passion and her breath had started to come in short gasps.

"Enjoying it baby? What were you saying earlier? About getting it with some porn stars?" chided Michael, his stroking never stopping.

"Uh... Uh... Baby... Don't ask me question alright? I'm trying to get fucked by a sex god here..." replied Rachel, eyes fluttering, breath coming quick. Her pussy gripped Michael's cock tight, cream smeared all over her pussy lips and his cock and groin. As her 3rd orgasm built, bigger than the first 2, Rachel started clawing Michael's chest, eyes closed tight, ankles locked behind the small of his back. Michael was enjoying every second of it. Rachel's tight wet pussy milked his cock, sending waves of pleasure into his balls and up his trunk. The sweet sucking sensations whenever on each back stroke made him yearn to slam his cock hard into Rachel's cunt. But he resisted the temptation, knowing that breaking the rhythm would reduce her pleasure. And every time he trust in, the soft "thump" as his big cock head mashed against her inner wall sent a throb of pleasure down his cock.

"Ohhhh.... Ohhhh.... Umphh.... I think... I think I'm gonna cum again..." and she came in a gush, pussy juices literally squirting out from the airtight seal that her pussy lips had Michael's cock in. Michael never stopped his thrusting, and with every in stroke, a burst of semi-clear juice would squirt out around his cock, wetting the bed and leaving droplets on his pelvis and balls.

Rachel's 3rd orgasm in 10 minutes left her slapping and tearing at the sheets in ecstasy. Her breath came in gasps and her legs, quivering with clenched muscles flopped to the bed. She lay spread eagled on the bed, red hair spread in a fan around her head, pussy still impaled by Michael's big cock.

And the stroking never stopped. Michael kept at it like a machine, in-hold/press-out-in-hold/press-out.... Even in his prime 40 years ago he would never have been able to keep up such a pace. He wouldn't have lasted past Rachel's 2nd big one, long ago shooting his load into her depths. But aided by alien technology, Michael could now savour every sensation, whilst maintaining steel control.

"Omigod... Baby... I'm so tired... Oh... Oh... You gotta stop... I'm so tired... Oh shit... I'm gonna cum again! Uh! AH! AHHHHH!" screamed Rachel into number 4. This time she spasmed for a good 3 minutes before calming down. Her eyes half closed, breathing shallow, she lay sprawled under Michael like a used rag doll. A beautiful used rag doll.

"Alright baby... Had enough? How about one more baby? Make it a big one... something to remember... And this time I'll join you to make it extra special!" said Michael, grinning down at her. His sexual dominance of this super hot babe was really turning him on. While his enhanced physique allowed him to keep fucking without cumming as long as he wished, he didn't want to break his new fuck buddy either. And looking at the state of Rachel, she looked close cardiac arrest. One more big orgasm looked like all she had left.

"I'm so tired... Oh... I can't believe what you're doing to me... I'm so tired... Oh... I think I'm gonna cum again... Please stop... Don't make me... Oh...."

Alright HUD, give it to her. Make it one for the history books.

HUD: AS YOU WISH. ACTIVATING NANITE RESERVES, ALL NANITES SET FOR MAXIMUM MODIFICATION. READY FOR INSEMINATION.

OK, go!

And with that command, HUD released the buffers that had allowed Michael to hold his ejaculation at bay. Like a volcano, his nanite mixed sperm bubbled out of his balls, surging up his cock and bursting into Rachel's vaginal depths.

"Uh!" groaned Michael as his pleasure peaked with orgasm. Losing control, he dropped all pretence of rhythm. Both hands grabbing and massaging Rachel's breasts for all they were worth (and they were worth ALOT), Michael began thrusting with abandon into her cunt, every thrust drawing forth another squirt of sperm, another wave of pleasure.

"Slap, slap, slap, slap!" the slow quiet rhythm gave way to passionate humping. Rachel's body, expecting another drawn out elevation to ecstasy was shocked by this sudden pounding cock. The raw fucking snapped her out of her exhaustion, and sent her over the edge again. Her eyes snapped wide open and she let out a scream as her 5th orgasm hit her.

"EEEEEEEEeee!" she screamed, before fainting from the pleasure and exhaustion.

Michael kept pounding her pussy. He instinctively knew that there was more sperm waiting in his balls to be delivered. His thrusts were rapid and hard, after more than 2 minutes of wild pumping, he finally drained his balls into Rachel, and slumped onto her, hands still holding her soft melons.

HUD: ALL NANITES HAVE BEEN DELIVERED. BEGINING MODIFICATIONS. TIME TO COMPLETION, 3 HRS 22 MIN.

That's great HUD... wake me when its done...*

XXXXX

[Lisa]

Lisa's heart was pounding in her chest in excitement. Her breaths came quick and short. Her right hand, buried in her pussy stroked furiously while her left had cupped her breasts. Within moments, her orgasm hit, and she slumped back into the sofa, trying to catch her breath.

It had been months since she had masturbated. She had never had to. A flutter and a smile and men would be lining up to fuck her. But this time, the only man in the room had been busy fucking her friends brains out. Almost literally. She had never seen anything like it. And Lisa had been to her fair share of gangbangs in her time. Even women with 3 big cocks in every hole never came like Rachel had. It was all she could do to quietly sit and watch the action while rubbing herself off.

Michael had picked Rachel and her up from the bar last night. It was an expensive place, best of the best, you had to either be super rich, super connected or super hot to get in. When you hang out with a chick like Rachel, there is NO establishment that would refuse you entry. While Lisa herself wasn't too shabby, she wasn't world-class ass like Rachel, and would only have had a 50-50 chance of getting into the club. Walking in hand with Rachel, everyone just automatically got out of her way... it was like Moses parting the Red Sea.

Inside, they had barely had their 2nd drink when Michael showed up. After brushing off about a dozen losers, Michael was a breath of fresh, sexy air. He literally exuded sexuality. Lisa had felt her pussy get wet just being in his presence. Rachel had been similarly taken, and after about 20 minutes of talking about nothing, they had all hopped into Michael's chopper and flown back to his penthouse.

Once here, the clothes went flying and the smell of sex soon permeated the place. Michael was better in bed than Lisa even imagined. She must have cum like 5 times last night over 3 hours of non-stop fucking. Rachel would at least have had 5-6 orgasms, or must have given that Michael had given her just a little bit more attention than Lisa. While she wouldn't have admitted it to anyone, there was no competing with Rachel for men. Men just wanted Rachel more. Period. Lisa actually thought that Michael had been a real gentlemen about it. Any other man would have just ignored Lisa and kept his cock in Rachel. But Michael took the effort to pleasure Lisa, pounding her to orgasm with hard, fast strokes of his big cock. After her fifth orgasm, Lisa had been too tired to continue and had fallen asleep watching Michael throat fuck Rachel.

She had wonderful dreams about sucking Michael's big cock.

When she woke in the huge bed, Rachel and Michael were still asleep. She headed of to shower to wash the sweat and cream off.

She had just been stepping out of the shower when she walked in on Michael fucking Rachel missionary style. And that was when she started masturbating.

Looking at Michael slumped asleep on top of Rachel, face pillowed between her big breasts, Lisa felt a pang of envy. She wondered if she had remained in bed, whether Michael would have once again let her share some of his wonderful cock. Maybe it would be both Rachel and Lisa sleeping satisfied underneath Michael, instead of her here feeling half fucked and unsatisfied from her masturbation.

Expecting both Rachel and Michael to be resting for at least an hour after their passions, Lisa decided to head down to get something to eat while waiting. She quietly moved past the bed to where her clothes lay scattered on the floor, dressed, and left the apartment.

XXXXX

[Rachel]

Rachel opened her eyes to find Michael sleeping soundly on her chest. Smiling, she gently rolled him off her, before sitting up slowly, careful not to wake her lover. Michael was just as beautiful in slumber, his muscular body and smooth unblemished skin, masculine handsome features made him a Greek god brought to life. And of course, there was his long, thick cock... even something as brazen as his cock looked beautiful, urging Rachel to wrap her hands or lips around it. Even sleeping, his cock was a good 7 inches long and 1 inch thick. It lay soft against Michael's groin, and Rachel couldn't resist the urge to reach out and stroke the impressive organ. Rubbing it up and down the shaft, it hardened in her hand, growing slowly to its 10 inch magnificence. 

Rachel gazed at Michael's cock in wonder, without thinking, lifted the cock head into her mouth. The precum oozing from the tip tasted salty and sweet at the same time. She could taste her own cunt on his cock, and the streaks of her cream still covered his manhood. Wrapping her lips around his cock head, Rachel gently sucked on Michael's cock. A steady but thin flow of precum rewarded her efforts.

"Mmmmm.... Where have you been all my life?! God, you're amazing... If I'd gotten to know you earlier, I'd have married you without a second thought and kept you away from all those sluts just waiting to get your big cock into their mouths. Wish you were mine, wish I could keep you..." lamented Rachel, in between gentle sucks of Michael's cock. The firm flesh and taste reminded her of the throat fucking Michael had given last night to end off their sex session. Rachel's throat still felt slightly raw from having all that meat shoved into it, but the look on Michael's face when he had squirted cum straight into her stomach had been worth it.

After about 5 minutes of lapping away at Michael's precum, Rachel felt better, more in control of her passion. She got out of bed and decided to take a shower. She was covered in dried sweat and her pubis, butt and thighs were streaked with both hers and Michael's cum. The apartment sized bathroom had all the bells and whistles, but all Rachel wanted was a shower. She stepped into the steaming hot water and slowly and thoroughly proceeded to soap herself down. The hot water relaxed her tired muscles and she felt like a million dollars after.
