 CHAPTER 8

[Rachel]

Turning towards the wrecked door of Michael's penthouse, Rachel sauntered back towards the bedroom, looking for her clothes. In truth, she was still digesting what had happened. Just yesterday, she had been a successful, hot woman, bordering on cougar-hood, and still out on the prowl for the man that would be her lifelong companion. Today, after perhaps the best sex of her life, she was now a successful, hot superwoman, and involved with a billionaire playboy whose sperm could re-make women from the inside out.

After the mega dose of nanites that Michael had pumped her with a couple of hours ago, she had fallen into a deep sleep under the sun by the pool. Absorbing the solar energy from the sun, the nanites had gone to work while Rachel had slept, and when she awoke, the transformation had been completed. Optically, her rose red hair had thickened and lengthened to half cover her butt cheeks, while her boobs had grown almost 2 cup sizes from a D to a big DD. They had maintained their nice drop shape, and were crowned by dark pink areola that covered almost a third of their surface. Her skin had regained the elasticity and perfect pigmentation of youth and all the lines and stretch marks had vanished.

But more significantly were the physical changes that lay underneath. Aside from having become the peak of human natural physical perfection -- she was as fast and as strong as any Olympic athlete, strong as a weightlifter, fast as a sprinter, agile as a gymnast -- the two main physical changes that had taken place were in her hair and her boobs. Rachel's hair composition now made it stronger than steel, but soft as silk. Its length and thickness could be controlled with a thought. If she needed it, her red hair could wrap her body in a bulletproof cocoon. Because she could also control how each individual strand moved, Rachel could also weave her hair into a razor sharp fan, or individual tentacles, strong as steel. Meanwhile, her boobs had transformed into miniature explosive factories. They had grown in size to store the explosive "clay" that her boobs now excreted, and her nipples had to be bigger to squirt the new thick mixture. On command, her boobs could squirt anything from C4 equivalents, to new concoctions unknown to modern science. Of course, she could only produce and store as much as her DD-cups could carry, and would need time to generate more if she were to exhaust the supply.

Perhaps best of all, all these changes, how they had come about, and how to use her new found powers had all come together with the mutation. The new information had been written directly into her brain, and she had instinctively known how to use her new powers, just like she had to save Michael moments ago.

All in all, it had been an unbelievably eventful and fruitful 24 hours.

Turning her thoughts back to the present, she overheard Michael and Amanda, Michael's head of security, discussing what had just happened.

"Sir, we don't yet know how those three broke into the place. Security downstairs appears to still be intact. We also don't understand why they only sent 3 agents, since if they wanted to ensure they were successful, they could have sent a much bigger team." said Amanda, walking next to Michael as they returned to the apartment.

"I can't believe we lost 2 girls just like that... I thought we had prepared for this..." said Michael, staring into Amanda's big green eyes.

"Well, we never expected them to breach security in this manner. We thought that if they assaulted, we would have to face them at the lobby, where the girls have an 8-women team ready, armed to the teeth. Joanne and Anna were only meant as a final safeguard, to accompany you if we needed to evacuate you. They were not ready for a full scale fire fight with super-soldiers."

Amanda was wearing a skin tight white lycra tank top and matching white and blue running shorts. Over which, she wore a webbing with two automatic pistols, several grenades and spare magazines. At her hips were holstered two sub-machine guns, with spare magazines slotted on her belt above her butt crack. The skin tight outfit left nothing to the imagination, and Rachel caught Michael eyeing Amanda's boobs as they bounced.

Hmph. Looks like if I stay with Michael, I'm going to have to accept that he's always going to be a playboy, always looking out for new pussy. I shouldn't be too upset, Amanda's pretty damn hot, so at least he's not settling for ANY piece of ass.

Amanda was a blond, in her late 30s. After a career in special forces, she had left to form her own security firm for rich businessmen. Being a hot blond made her business boom, and the fact that she only hired women guards was a big perk. When she heard about Michael's interest, she had leapt at the chance. She had shown up with 24 of her best looking agents, all dressed in bikinis and toting assault rifles. Michael had not only hired her immediately, he had bought the entire company for more than 5 times what it was worth. He had tripled everyone's salary to top it off, and invested in living quarters in the city for all the girls. Mandy had NOT been pleased, especially when she realised that Michael was quite taken by Amanda. Amanda was just under 6 feet, athletic, but with nice natural C-cups. She had big green eyes, sexy features, and a low purring voice. A blond bombshell that actually knew how to use bombs. Who could blame him. 

"Sir, we're still not sure how they managed to break into the building. I've got teams sweeping the building right now, to make sure that there are no other surprises waiting for us. More importantly, I find it strange that if they knew they could break in, why they would send such a small team. They made it all the way to your penthouse. If they had sent a bigger group, there would be a much higher chance they would have succeeded in their objective." she said.

Michael, eyes still on Amanda's boobs, gave a half-wit "uhh" response. Rachel was certain that he hadn't been listening to Amanda's update. Slightly irritated that her lover was eyeing another woman, Rachel sauntered forward, brushing her tits against Michael's arm as she passed him.

She immediately felt Michael's attention shift to her. 

I'm sure he's eyes are locked on my ass now. Take that blondie!

Refusing to give Michael the gratification by acknowledging his gaze, Rachel continued into the penthouse and headed to the bedroom. 

I wonder where Lisa is... Come to think of it, I should be scared out of my mind. Last night, I was happily leading my life, hoping to get a good... And the next morning, I'm some kinda of super hero chick with a chemistry lab for boobs. I just killed some assholes that tried to whack my lover, and now I'm wondering around his bedroom looking for my bra... Top that...

Bending over the side of Michael's bed, Rachel found the torn remains of her bra and panties.

Well, so much for that idea...

She tossed both pieces of torn lingerie aside and picked up her dress, pulling it on over her head. Her augmented boobs stretched the tight dress to its limits, and threatened to spill out over the top. She knew she looked amazing, and turned around to catch Michael ogling her boobs. Amanda was still providing her update, though Rachel also noticed an somewhat irritated expression on her face. 

Can't be fun trying to update your hunky boss while he's busy staring at another woman's chest. I wonder if she's working for him just for the money, or cos she's hoping to bag him as well. Hey, for all I know, Michael's been banging her all this time... hmmmph.

At this point, two more of Michael's female bodyguards entered the apartment. Just like Amanda, they were hot chicks, one was a blond while the other was a dark brunette. However, unlike their boss, both were heavily decked out in tactical gear, and only their heads were uncovered. The blond signalled to Amanda, who excused herself and made her way to speak to both of them privately.

This left Michael free, and he immediately started wandering over towards Rachel, a big grin on his face.

"Thanks for saving my bacon back there Rachel... Don't think I would have managed to get out of that one without you." he said as he came towards her.

"No problem lover. It was the least I could do to pay you back for last night... not to mention the fact that I look and feel as if I was 20 all over again." said Rachel, smiling back at Michael.

"Babe, you've looked absolutely stunning since I first laid eyes on you, from every direction and angle, I might add." reaching out with his right hand, Michael gently stroked Rachel's cheek.

"I bet you say that to all the girls... don't get carried away just yet, Amanda's looking for you again."

Michael turned back to find Amanda hurrying towards them, boobs bouncing in her top.

"Bad news. Jane tells me that for some unknown reason, the lifts have all been shut down. On top of that, both stairwells to this level seems have been sealed shut from inside. Someone has taken pains to make sure we're trapped on this level." said Amanda.

"Why would anyone want to do that? If its the Firm that's here to get me, they could just bust right in and shoot me up. Why bother with all this cat and mouse?" said Michael.

"Actually, I hate to burst your bubble, but I'm still quite clueless as to what's going on around here. Who were those guys that I whacked in the hall and who is the Firm?" asked Rachel.

"Its kind of a long story babe. Basically, the Firm is made up of humans that have been possessed by aliens. I don't know why they're here on earth, but I basically got mixed up with them when I, uh, fucked one of them and like exorcised the alien elements or some shit." explained Michael.

"Great... so you bang one of their hoes and now they're after your head?" asked Rachel.

"Uh... something like that. Actually, I think I kinda did a bit more than that. After they captured me and Mandy, we kinda wrecked their facility in down town while breaking out. Mandy killed a whole bunch of them on the way too. And I, uh kinda fucked one of their big shot directors into a coma." said Michael, grinning.

"Who is Mandy?" asked Rachel.

"Oh. Uh, she's kinda like my girlfriend." Michael's grin had disappeared.

"I see. OK. So where is she now?" obviously Rachel was more interested in her competition than in Michael's alien invasion story.

"She's in Florida visiting her folks for a couple of days." he said.

"So you're fooling around in the meantime?" asked Rachel, hands on her hips.

"Hey babe, come on... give me a break. This can't be the first time you've been picked up by a guy at the club!" said Michael. "You're a super hot piece of ass! You can't be telling me I had to tell you I was dating when I picked you up."

"Let's just say I don't like sharing much." said Rachel. She strode up to Michael and with a smooth motion inserted her right hand into Michael jeans, taking hold of his big cock. "So tell me lover... Did you enjoy me last night and this morning?" she asked, staring into his eyes, a seductive smile on her lips.

"Hehe... You know I did. Can't remember the last time I blew such a big load at one go." replied Michael. His right hand had come up to cup Rachel's left breast, while his left was massaging her right butt cheek under her dress. "I must have drained my balls into you with that session we had this morning. You were amazing."

"Well then, I assume that means you intend to keep me around for a while?" asked Rachel, as she stroked Michael's cock into erection.

"Mmmm... Of course babe. Wouldn't let something as fabulous as you get away. That's the reason I gave you powers in the first place. Cos I know you're a keeper and wanted to give you a bit of benefits on the side." said Michael. Rachel's nipple had gotten hard in his right hand and he switched his left hand up to her boobs to give her right boob some attention as well.

"Ha! I see. So you only give your super sperm to women you're intending to keep huh?" she quipped. Rachel could feel Michael's precum oozing out of his big cockhead as she stroked it. "How about you take an hour out of your busy playboy schedule and use that big cock of yours on me? Now that Mandy's away I better make sure I convince you that this pussy is worth keeping." she added coyly, leaning up and kissing Michael on his lips.

"Babe, that is no way in hell I'm letting a sex bomb like you get away from..." Michael started to reply when Amanda interrupted.

"OK. I think that's enough. I hate to break you two lovers up, but we may be in trouble if we stay in this building. The Firm seems to be setting up for an attack." said Amanda suddenly. She had her hands on her hips and a pissed look on her face.

Ha! Watching me give Michael a handjob must have pissed her off big time. 

"Uh... right Amanda, sorry." said Michael sheepishly, starting to withdraw his hands from Rachel's boobs.

"Hey!" said Rachel, reaching out and grabbing both of Michael's hands and pressing them back on her chest. "Look Amanda, as you can clearly see, your boss and I are trying to get a bit intimate here. So, since he's hired the bunch of you to keep him safe, can I suggest that you all get on with your jobs and give us some privacy?" 

Without waiting for Amanda to reply, Rachel pulled her dress off over her head and dropped to her knees in front of Michael's crotch. With deft hands, she popped the buttons on his jeans and pull them down, before stuffing his erect cock head into her mouth.

Amanda's expression when from pissed to purple with rage, she had half opened her mouth to shower Rachel with a stream of obscenities when something caught her eye. Glancing up past the two love birds, Amanda noticed 4 black clad individuals walking towards the penthouse from the balcony. 3 of them were women, and the last one a tall blond man. They walked calmly towards the penthouse, appearing as if out of thin air since no one had heard their arrival.

"Who the hell are they?" said Amanda, gesturing to Jane and her partner to intercept them.

Before either of them could make half the distance to the balcony, there was a dark flash and one of the black clad individuals, a blond woman, suddenly appeared in front of Jane, grabbed her by the throat and slammed her to the floor. The crack of Jane's spine shattering as it was smashed against the hard floor rang out through the silence of the apartment.

"No!" yelled Amanda, drawing both her automatic pistols and taking aim. Before she had managed to get a single round out, the blond had flashed next to Jane's partner, and with a lightning fast kick to the head, splattered her brains across the far wall.

The blond turned calmly to face Amanda, before there was another flash. Amanda had barely blinked when the blond appeared right in front of her, right arm drawn back ready to land a blow that would end Amanda's life. The fist shot forward... and suddenly, with a flash of ruby red, Amanda found herself standing 6 feet away, cradled in Rachel's arms.

"Oh no you're not." said Rachel to the blond. At the last instant, she had grabbed Amanda and leapt out of the way of the attack. The blond turned to Rachel and smiled. She was a pretty one. Fair, green eyes, heart shaped face with full lips and a pert nose. 

"Hello there..." said the blond, as if noticing Rachel for the first time. "You must be another of Michael's whores."

"You little..." but before Rachel could finish her reply, the blond had flashed in front of her and launched a lightning right cross at her face. Instinctively, Rachel's red locks spun themselves into a ruby web, catching and stopping the punch. Responding to new found fighting instincts, Rachel dropped to a crouch and then launched an uppercut at the blond. The blond blocked with her left and countered with a sword palm strike to Rachel's head. Again Rachel's hair shielded her from the blow, and again Rachel attacked instinctively, launching a kidney punch that the blond managed to avoid by sidestepping.

And so the deadly dance continued. Attacks were parried and dodged, as both women weaved and somersaulted around the bedroom. Every so often, Rachel would land a blow, but the blond would barely flinch before resuming her attacks. Thankfully, Rachel's hair had caught every attack, for the blows that the blond had accidentally landed on their surroundings had punched effortlessly through brick and concrete. After many minutes, both women leapt away from each other to opposite sides of the bedroom, a pause in their furious match.

Rachel was covered in a thin sheen of sweat. Her chest rose and fell quickly as she caught her breath, big breasts swaying. In comparison, her blond opponent was barely even breathing hard, and stood relaxed, casually adjusting her suit.

Gotta change tactics. She hasn't even broken a sweat and my punches can't touch her.

Sending telepathic commands to her hair, Rachel's red locks curled themselves around her body like a partial cocoon. The purpose of which was to hide Rachel's hands as she reached for her breasts and massaged a breast with each hand. Her big nipples obediently discharged a thick white goo into both palms. A burst of pleasure travelled from her nipples into her crotch, and she could feel her pussy dampen. 

Haha... even comes with benefits.

Not wanting to give her opponent a chance to figure out what she had just done, Rachel immediately launched another attack.

She dashed forward, arms raised to grapple. When the blond dropped into a roll to escape, Rachel changed directions and forward flipped over her. Both women ended their movements side-by-side. The blond launched a vicious kick at Rachel's stomach. Rachel's hair rose to defend, but this time, instead of blocking, wrapped itself around the blond's calf and thigh.

"What!" shouted the blond in surprise. Before she could react, Rachel sprung her attack. Hair still wrapped tightly around the blond's leg, she spun up her opponent's frame and slapped both her palms onto her chest. Then, as her red hair automatically began releasing its hold of its victim, Rachel landed a powerful front kick to the blond's stomach, blasting her 10 feet through the air to crash into the opposite wall.

The blond leapt back to her feet effortlessly. 

"Hmmph. C'mon, you should know by now that you can't hurt me that way. All you managed to do was steal a feel of my boobies." she taunted. "While mine are certainly nothing like the glorious pair you're carrying around, I'm pretty sure they... what... what the fuck.... AHHHHH.... AHHH!!" she screamed.

Looking down, the blond screamed in horror as what used to be her breasts were now bubbling wounds as her flesh melted away. Within seconds, blood and flesh gave way to white bone as her ribs were revealed. The blond slumped to her knees, still screaming, before toppling forward onto her face, lifeless and silent.

"Quite impressive... but you see, Laura was the least amongst us, so you defeating her should not come as a surprise given that you've had a good dose or two of Michael's magical cum."

Rachel turned towards the voice and what she saw cause her to cry out in dismay.

While Rachel had been busy with her opponent, the remainder of the black clad intruders had made short work of Michael's security team. There was blood and broken female bodies strewn across the penthouse and it seemed like not one of the female security team had survived the onslaught. What was even more disheartening, was what had happened to Michael and Amanda.

Amanda had been stripped naked and was bent over at the waist, face and hands pressed to the floor in front of the only male intruder. He had his hands on Amanda's naked hips and was casually fucking her in a standing wheelbarrow position. There was a big grin on his face and Rachel could here his cock squishing into Amanda's very wet pussy, and soft moans coming from Amanda's mouth. Rachel couldn't tell if Amanda was a willing partner, or had simply been fucked into submission. Sweat streaked down Amanda's back and Rachel could hear her breathing heavily into the carpet between moans.
