 Author's Note: Thanks for all the comments everyone. This is my first foray into erotica and its been lots of fun so far letting my imagination go wild.

In response to some of the feedback, this is basically a story that teaches the moral "who says you can't save the world by fucking around?" And if the moral is anything to go by, we really can't expect the protagonist to be particularly intellectual or conscientious. If I were to describe Michael's state of mind, he's basically bloody happy to be given a second lease of playboy life and, if this involves being possessed by alien microbes that let him fuck women into oblivion, all the better.

Ok, back to the story telling, for whatever its worth. Enjoy! 

[Amanda]

Coming to her senses, Amanda's eyes fluttered open. Her body felt like she had just swam 10 miles in the open ocean, every muscle ached. On the plus side, there was a very pleasurable throbbing coming out of her pussy which told her that she had just received a very good fucking.

What?! Fucking... Omigod. That's right... one of the intruders... he came up to me and all I could do was watch as he fucked my brains out! I wanted to stop him but my body just refused to answer to my commands! Oh, but he fucked me good... Shit! What am I thinking!? Where is Michael?

Shaking her head in an attempt to clear the post-orgasmic stupor, Amanda struggled to her hands and knees and looked around. The scene around her made her heart sink.

Michael was lying on his back, moaning and coaxing a hot Latino that was riding vigorously up and down his cock. Since he was only lying a few feet away, Amanda could clearly see the pussy juices that were streaming down Michael's cock, and hear his grunts of pleasure whenever the woman sank down on his cock.

A woman's screams of orgasm drew Amanda's attention to where Rachel was being fucked missionary style by the male intruder who had just a few minutes ago been pounding Amanda's pussy. As much as Amanda hated Rachel's guts, she had been the only real hope of stopping these intruders. That she was lying there getting her brains fucked out meant that the situation was truly hopeless.

It was then that the smell of blood and guts hit her. Tears came welling up uncontrollably as she realised that her team mates were lying in pieces around Michael's penthouse. Just as grief threatened to overcome her, Amanda suddenly remembered something that might allow her to change the game.

The vial! The one that Michael gave me last week... where is it?! I left it in my webbing... If I can find it there's still hope!

Trying not to draw attention to herself, Amanda glanced around the room, searching for her shed tactical webbing. She found it strewn together with some of her clothes near the entrance to the en-suite bathroom. Hope stirred in her chest.

I need to get to that vial!

Attempting to leave the impression that she was still not in control of her senses, Amanda rose unsteadily to her feet, before deliberately lurching over and falling on her face. The blond turned her gaze to Amanda, concluded Amanda was no threat, and returned her attention to the award winning sex scene between Rachel and the male intruder.

Amanda made full use of the opportunity and started leopard crawling unsteadily towards the bathroom. Within moments, she had managed to crawl past her webbing, withdraw the vial from a belt pouch, and make her way into the bathroom.

Out of sight of the intruders, Amanda rolled into a sitting position and inspected the vial. It looked intact, and the milky substance within seems uncontaminated.

Thank goodness I had the foresight to ask Michael for this.

Carefully, Amanda un-stoppered the vial. Immediately, the powerful scent of sperm hit her and she was almost overcome by a wave of lust. 

Woah, Michael's cum really packs some wallop! 

The vial contained a substantial quantity of Michael's cum, accumulated over 10 days of ejaculation. Unseen within the milky substance were billions of nanites, in stasis, awaiting introduction into a host. The collection of Michael's DNA changing sperm had been Amanda's idea. Amanda had been adamant that she wasn't going to get into a relationship with her boss, and since Michael had an endless supply of hot women to keep his lust contained, both of them had managed to survive the past weeks without getting naked in the sack. That said, Amanda recognised the potential benefits of the superhuman abilities that came with being one of Michael's lovers. She had therefore convinced Michael to prepare a "super serum" for her, just in case things went to hell; as was the case today.

Michael had gone along with the idea. To be safe, and recognising that if the serum was needed, things must be pretty bad, he had taken special efforts (10 of them to be precise) to accumulate sufficient nanites to increase the chances that whoever consumed the serum would gain tremendous abilities. Of course since evolution was essentially a random process, there was no guarantee that this would be the case.

Ok. Here goes nothing. If this doesn't work, both Michael and I are going to be totally screwed... Again.

Holding her breath, Amanda gulped the contents of the vial down in one swallow. There was a slight burning sensation as the cum travelled down her throat. Then suddenly, a blast of warmth and lust hit her out of nowhere, surging out from her crotch, enveloping her entire body.

"Uhhhh!" she moaned, unable to control herself and slumping to the floor.

The world started to spin, and just before she blacked out, Amanda wondered if perhaps she should have tried to fuck Michael when she had the chance.

[Rachel]

The big thick cock pumping her pussy felt amazing. Her assailant was like a machine. His steady pumping had not missed a beat since he had started fucking her 15 minutes ago. While sweat streamed down his muscular body, his cock's thrusts never slowed.

Rachel had cum 4 times already, and her soaking pussy was enjoying every passionate thrust. Fucking with him on top, her legs spread as wide as they would go, allowed him to penetrate right to her cervix, and she received a nice jolt of pleasure every time his cock head mashed against the end of her vaginal canal. 

Her initial resistance to being taken by her assailant had faded after several minutes of good fucking. She had become resigned to the fact that her body was no longer hers to control, and that her assailant could turn her lust on and off like a switch. He couldn't give her specific instructions, but being able to make Rachel want him uncontrollably meant that effectively he could ply her to his will as long as he offered to fuck her. Which he did. 

Furthermore, the pleasure that his cock was giving her made Rachel's will melt and it was all she could do to keep her wits about her, and not just immerse herself in the ocean of pleasure her assailant was offering her.

So Rachel had noticed when Amanda had managed to crawl over to her webbing to retrieve something, and that she had managed to make her way into the bathroom. She hoped that Amanda had a plan, because at the moment, Rachel was totally out of options. Ironic as it was that only minutes ago Rachel had been happy to taunt Amanda by giving Michael a blow job in front of her, she was now depending on Amanda to turn the tables.

Just take out this guy, and I'll be able to get into the game again! 

And then, as another fountain of pleasure begin to build within Rachel's cunt, her thoughts lost coherence and her body went into the throes of another orgasm.

[Kara]

I've never had cock that felt so good inside me before... No wonder everyone's concerned about this guy. If not for the fact that my pussy had been specially designed to deal with Michael's gifts, I'm bloody sure it would be him that was on top of me, and I'd be drooling into the carpet after multiple orgasms had turned my brains to mush.

It had been almost half an hour since Kara had mounted Michael's cock and started riding him. When she had first slid his monster cock into her cunt, Michael had still struggled to resist her charms. But after several minutes deep inside Kara, his will had faded and Michael had soon become a willing accomplice in this marathon fuck session. His hands were now firmly planted on Kara's hips as he assisted her up and down fucking motions on his cock. Kara could hear Michael grunt with pleasure every time his cock slid to the hilt into her cunt, and by her count Michael had already cum twice since they had started fucking.

The sex machine that he was, she had no doubt that his cock would stay hard for another half a dozen ejaculations. Her strategy had been to fuck Michael until he succumbed to her pussy's ministrations. Once exhaustion stole his erection, and his balls had been drained of cum, Kara would be able to work her magic on Michael and re-write him such that Kara, and by extension the Firm, would have permanent control of him in the future. That was the plan at least. 

When she had first been told of this plan, Kara had had her doubts. Even before the enhancements to her by the Firm, Kara had literally dominated just about every man she had gotten into bed with. Even if her considerable oral skills were not enough, a short time in her pussy had always been sufficient to turn any man to putty. She had therefore expected to be able to take down Michael quickly and without fuss.

The reality had been quite different.

The moment she had put Michael's big cock into her pussy, she had immediately understood why the women at the Firm had considered him such a threat. Even with all the genetic reprogramming to resist pheromone influence, as well as the internal pussy shielding against nanite penetration, once Kara felt Michael's magnificent cock inside her, it was hard to stay in control.

Her cunt was lustily massaging Michael's cock, and pulses of pleasure would flow up from her groin every time she slid down onto him. When it was only Michael who had been groaning in pleasure when they had begun, Kara found that should could no longer keep herself from moaning as well, and any observer would have thought that this was just another passionate couple in the midst of a good fuck, rather than an act of subjugation.

Uhhh... he really feels good... uhhh... I'm not sure if I can keep going without losing control... but if I stop, Michael might be able to snap out of it and cause trouble. And... mmmmm... it feels so good... I don't WANT to stop.... what should I do?

Kara continued to ride Michael's cock and moments later, was rewarded by another burst of cum and moans of pleasure from Michael. The nanite filled cum sprayed into Kara' pussy, and the hot liquid sent a warm wave of pleasure flowing out of Kara's pussy. That was all the encouragement Kara needed, and leaving her doubts behind, Kara started fucking Michael even more passionately! Michael's moans became louder and more urgent, and before long, Kara's voice joined his.

[Michael]

He felt like he was swimming in a sea of pleasure. He could not remember why he was lying on his back with a beautiful woman riding up and down his cock, but the sensations coming out of his groin made him want to just lie back and enjoy it. Why did he need to know where he was? As long as this chick kept riding him, he really didn't give a shit.

He had lost track of how long she had been fucking him. Her long black hair swayed seductively every time she bounced on his cock, big boobs bobbing, streams of sweat running down her cleavage. Every time the hot Latino sank down on him, a small moan of pleasure would escape from her full, pouty lips and her long eyes lashes would do a little flutter. It was obvious that Michael was not the only one enjoying this fucking session.

Watching her boobs bounce, Michael instinctively reached up with both hands and grabbed hold of the beautiful globes of olive flesh. Her boobs were big, round and full at the bottom, the hanging tit flesh more than sufficient for a wonderful titty fuck. Erect nipples pressing into his palms, Michael used the big tits likes handles to drive the chick up and down his big cock at a pace that maximised his pleasure.

"Uhhhh!" he moaned. And despite Michael's rough handling of her tits, the Latino seemed to enjoy herself even more, her grunts becoming even louder as Michael groped her tits and pumped her violently up and down his shaft.

Before long, a deep heat began to build in Michael's balls. It was a pleasurable heat that built and built, and with it, the urgency of Michael's fucking increased. Swapping her boobs for her hips, Michael got a good grip on his partner's shapely hips and began pumping her with reckless abandon.

"Slap, slap, slap, slap..." she went as her bubble butt mashed against Michael's groin and thighs, splattering the pussy juices that had accumulated on Michael all over the place.

Michael's pleasure continued to build... higher and higher, and suddenly, the heat in his groin was boiling over... he felt a stream of red hot pleasure shoot up the length of his cock before exploding out of him deep into Kara's cunt.

"Ahhhhhh!" he moaned as he squirted burst after burst of semen into her pleasure hole. His body writhed with pleasure and he bucked violently, almost throwing Kara off his cock in the process. After long seconds of cumming, his ejaculation finally ended and Michael slumped to the floor spent. 

Michael had just begun to fall asleep when he felt a soft weight press onto his chest. Through half open eyes, he realised that Kara had ceased her frantic ridding of his cock and was now slumped on his chest, eyes closed, breathing heavily. 

Hmmmph, finally had too much of me huh babe? Thought Michael just as sleep took him.

[Rachel]

Michael's moans of pleasure snapped Rachel out of her fucking stupor. She opened her eyes to find herself still flat on her back. But instead of finding her assailant still fucking her, she found him perched between her legs with big cock in hand, slapping the man flesh against her groin. In typical "I've had my fun with you, bitch" fashion, her assailant had cum inside Rachel and had conveniently pulled his cock out and began flicking on her to get rid of the build-up of cum and pussy juices on it.

What a fucking asshole! If I could move I'd rip your cock off and feed it to you. 

But her body was still resisting Rachel's control. She was still soaked in animal lust for her assailant, her pussy yearning to feel his cock inside it again, her nipples painfully hard from arousal, her mouth half open, waiting to scream in pleasure once he entered her again.

I'm a total loss. Can't move, can barely think. All I can think about is this asshole's cock.

And Rachel did not have to wait long. Once her assailant had caught his breath, he smoothly drew back and plunged his big cock back into her wet pussy. Rachel felt a burning hot knife of pleasure pierce her groin and as the pumping began again, waves of pleasure began enveloping her.

"Uhhhhh! Ahhhh!" she began to scream as the pleasure built up uncontrollably.

I know I need to stop him... but it feels so good... if he keeps fucking me... I'm going to loose my mind very soon...

And then, suddenly, her assailant's cock suddenly stopped pumping her pussy. The fat man meat was still deep inside her, like a hot anchor buried in her flesh, but it had stopped its mind numbing stroking. Rachel struggled to open her eyes and found that her assailant's attention was elsewhere. He was looking over at Michael and when Rachel turned to see why she understood. Kara, the hot Latino that had turned Michael into a fuck toy with her pussy, was now slumped on top of Michael, seemingly asleep.

My lover's big cock managed to get to the bitch after all! Maybe Michael will wake up and regain his senses and put an end to this shit.

"Kara... Kara... Kara! What's wrong? Are you still in control? We need him subdued until the extraction team arrives." Said her assailant. He had stopped fucking Rachel for the moment, though his big cock was still buried in her pussy, and both his hands continued to massage her tits. 

Ughh... Can't move still. Can barely think. Need him to get his cock out of me before there's any chance I can take back control over my body. Fuck... 

And then, with a soft moan, Kara seemed to recover from whatever stupor she fallen into. She pushed herself upright on Michael's cock again, and restarted her pumping motions. Her face was flushed and sweat streamed down her neck and between her big breasts.

"Sorry Director, I got a little carried away there. I don't think my shielding can take many more nanite assaults. Another one or two cumshots and I think they might break through. I won't be able to maintain control once that happens." Said Kara as she slid up and down Michael's cock. Her long black hair, initially glowing and lustrous was now stringy with perspiration. While each thrust still ended with a soft moan of pleasure from her lips, it was obvious to any observer that Kara was concentrating very hard to keep from losing control.

"I hear you. Slow down your strokes, try not to bring him to climax, just keep him subdued. I'm not having much luck with his redhead either. She's absolutely gorgeous and a helluva good fuck even sedated. I wouldn't have lasted five minutes in bed with her before joining the Firm. My cock is keeping her from regaining control of her body, but no matter how much control nanites I spray into her cunt, doesn't seem like I can take over her system completely. Looks like we really do need to take a good look at those balls of Michael's and open up some of his sex toys. Somehow he's managed to create mutations that we can't replicate or overcome."

So, he was hoping to take me over completely. I'm somehow resisting... I need to do something more... win back control. What?! What?! What can I do?! Quick before he starts fucking me again and I pass out. And if we let them take us back, they're gonna cut us open... and that would truly be the end of everything...

But before a plan could come to mind, her assailant had returned his attention to her and the mind numbing pleasure of his fucking began once again. With each stroke, Rachel felt herself fade further from consciousness, deeper and deeper into an ocean of pleasure that eventually swallowed her completely.

[Amanda]

Amanda opened her eyes slowly, the world around her spinning slowly into focus. She felt slightly light headed, and for several moments could not remember where she was.

Oh, that's right. We've been over run. And I'd swallowed the nanite elixir that Michael had prepared for me in the hope that it would provide me with the means to turn the situation around. OK. So here I am, still alive. So what's changed?

[HUD: MODIFICATIONS HAVE BEEN COMPLETED. THIS UNIT HAS NOW REACHED ITS PINNACLE STATE OF EVOLUTION, IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAMETERS DEFINED BY UNIT'S SUBCONSCIOUS.]

What? Oh, I have an inbuilt AI now. Cool. What do you mean by "parameters defined by my subconscious"?

[HUD: IN LAY MAN TERMS, MODIFICATIONS HAVE BEEN MADE TO ACHIEVE YOUR WILDEST DREAMS. SOURCE MICHAEL'S NANITE ELIXIR PROVIDED ALMOST UNLIMITED EVOLUTIONARY POTENTIAL AS IT WAS ACCUMULATED OVER MULTIPLE PRODUCTION CYCLES. ASIDE FROM UNIT MANDY, WHICH HAD ACHIEVED UNPRECEDENTED LEVELS OF ADVANCEMENT USING BOTH MICHAEL AND ADVERSARY NANITES, THIS UNIT IS THE MOST ADVANCED SPECIMEN CREATED FROM MICHAEL'S MATERIAL ALONE.]

Uh, OK. What does that actually mean? Am I now in a position to save Michael?

[HUD: I AM NOT CAPABLE OF ANSWERING THAT QUESTION DIRECTLY. HOWEVER, TACTICAL ASSESSMENTS MADE BASED ON YOUR CURRENT OFFENSIVE AND DEFENSIVE CAPABILITIES INDICATE THAT YOUR PROBABILITY OF SUCCESS IS 85.3%. IF MISSION PARAMETERS ARE EXPANDED TO INCLUDE THE RESCUE OF UNIT RACHEL, AND NEUTRALISATION OF ALL ENEMY SUBJECTS, THE PROBABILITY IS ADJUSTED TO 79.6%.]
