 CHAPTER 10

[Amanda]

I thought you said that my chances of success were high?!

HUD: AFFIRMATIVE. HOWEVER, YOUR CURRENT OPPONENT'S ABILITY TO PROJECT FORCE FIELDS WAS UNEXPECTED. I HAVE AUTOMATICALLY REDUCED YOUR OPTIC BLAST OUTPUT IN ORDER TO AVOID THE POSSIBILITY OF EXCESS ENERGY REFLECTING OFF YOUR OPPONENT'S SHIELD AND CAUSING COLLATERAL DAMAGE.

Great, so now all I can do is keep her occupied? No other powers? 

HUD: EVOLUTION IS INCOMPLETE. OTHER CAPABILITIES WILL COME ONLINE OVER THE NEXT HOUR.

Fuck!

Just as Amanda had finished the thought, she noticed a group of black clad figures on the pool deck out of the corner of her eye.

Damnit. More reinforcements?! Wait, I might not be able to effectively deal with this bitch, but I sure as hell should be able to cream the rest!

"Rachel! Let's swap dance partners! Take the blonde, I'll deal with her back-up!"

Without waiting for Rachel to respond, Amanda immediately turned her attention to the approaching figures. After the humiliation she had suffered under her male assailant, she instinctively turned her anger on the men in the group. Focusing her mind, she let her anger bubble out of gut and spew forth from her eyes.

There was a flash of pure golden light and a millisecond later the two men in the group were smoking torsos, everything above the waist having been burned off by Amanda's optic blasts.

Now that's more like it!

The remaining two women in the new group immediately took evasive action, moving with blinding speed to keep out of Amanda's field of view. One dashed left, the other right.

OK, gotta pick one...

Amanda decided to stick with the redhead and went right. Her target had scooted round the side of the apartment, keeping a wall between them. Having memorised the layout of the floor as part of her job as head of security, Amanda knew that there was nothing critical along this wall and unleashed her optic blast in a sweeping cut across the entire right section of apartment at waist level. She was rewarded by a wail of pain and her opponent came tumbling into view, upper body on fire.

Hmmph, you must be pretty tough to have survived that... 

HUD: WARNING! THREAT LEFT!

Amanda turned and instinctively unleashed a short burst of golden fire to ward off the attack. But the blonde was fast and ducked underneath, before stepping right into Amanda and delivering a powerful uppercut.

Amanda jaw snapped shut and her head snapped back. Her vision closed in as she almost blacked out. The punch drove her straight into the air, cracking her forehead against the ceiling, before she came tumbling down in a heap. Her opponent grabbed her under both arm pits and lifted her up like a rag doll. She was a pretty blonde with striking green eyes and a hot mouth that every man dreams their mistress would have so that he could wrap it around his cock every night. The black body suit left little to the imagination, and the blonde obviously packed a body to match her looks.

"That's an impressive power you have there. I think I'll take it." And before Amanda could utter a word, the blonde pressed her full lips against the cleft between Amanda's breasts and sucked. Amanda experienced something she could not describe. It was like her soul was being sucked out of her through her chest. 

"What you doing?! Let me go! Take your lips off me! Ahhhhh!" Amanda screamed in pain, her body going limp as the strength left her and the world went black.



[Rachel]

When Amanda suggested she take down the force field wielder instead, Rachel did not hesitate. The moment Amanda turned those deadly eyes of hers towards the balcony, Rachel launched her attack. 

Her evolution had continued during the last hour of humiliation, and her powers were now greater than ever. She spun full circle, fanning her blood red hair in a sweep towards the blonde. Millions of strands within those luxurious locks immediately detached themselves and shot towards her opponent. The blonde immediately threw up her shield. But instead of striking against it, each of Rachel's red strands lengthened in mid-flight and began wrapping themselves around the force field. Within seconds, the blonde was wrapped in red cocoon! The blonde was trapped within her own force field.

"Now... squeeze."

And having received the thought command from their mistress, the hair fibres began compressing the force field. Each of the millions of strands had the tensile strength of a suspension bridge cable. Combined, it was like being crushed in a bear hug by a car compacter. The blonde managed to resist for several moments, before her shields failed and her body imploded with sickening sounding pop.

Just then, Rachel heard the red head Amanda had set on fire scream. She spun around and was shocked to see the other blonde attacker kissing Amanda between both breasts as Amanda wailed weakly in protest.

"Let her go!" yelled Rachel, preparing to intervene when the blonde suddenly dropped Amanda unceremoniously to the floor and turned to face Rachel. When Rachel realised what had just happened, she could not evade in time.

Gold fire burst out from the blonde's eyes straight at Rachel. Her hair immediately fanned out to shield her from what would have been an excruciating death, and thankfully she survived the attack with nothing more than a few thousand singed hairs.

Shit! That was close! Now all I have to do is blindside her and... Oh no.

To Rachel's dismay, the red head that Amanda had set on fire had gotten to her feet. It seemed that she had amazing regenerative abilities as her wounds had completely vanished, leaving behind milky smooth naked skin from the waist up. Her hair was still growing back and only a short bob had reappeared, but the red head was nonetheless quite a looker with piercing features and C-cup melon-shaped boobs.

Damnit, now there's two of them.

"Looks like the tables have once again turned on you. I don't know why you people insist on resisting. All we're going to do is bring you back to the Firm for a quick physical examination, which if you survive, will be followed with a bit of indoctrination to make sure you get with the programme." said the blonde who had stolen Amanda's powers, grinning. "Since the second part would involve a lot of fucking, I'm sure you'll enjoy it since the reason you're here is that you let Michael put that big cock of his into your pussy."

"I'm actually quite particular about whose cocks get inside me, so I'll pass on your offer if you don't mind." replied Rachel.

"Oh, I'm sure we can find someone who may be open to sharing that amazingly hot body with. I'm sure you enjoyed Brad. I've had him a few times myself and could never get enough. Wasn't much of a fighter though, but you've proven that for the world to see. And even if you're the more attached type, I'm sure we could persuade Michael to have a change of heart... The Firm has a certain charm..." said the blonde, tone dripping acid.

Rachel had heard enough. She launched herself towards the blonde, who immediately returned fire with golden blasts from her eyes. Rachel's hair deflected the attack once again, but it still stopped Rachel in her tracks. Before she could compose herself, the red head was upon her, slashing with 3 inch long nails. Rachel's hair once again miraculously blocked every slash, but she found herself pushed back once again.

Needing to get some distance from her opponent, Rachel back flipped across the living room. She was careful to make sure she kept the red head in between herself and the blonde so that she did not have to deal with those deadly eyes at the same time. As she did so, she commanded her breasts to start chemical production.

Rachel completed her back flips and dropped to a crouch as the red head pounced onto her. Right hand drawing out a thick pink cream from her right nipple, Rachel let her opponent land atop her, knowing her hair would block those deadly claws. Then, left hand grabbing her opponent's throat to hold her steady, she slapped the pink cream onto the red head's nose and mouth. Her opponent struggled, kicking and slashing furiously, but Rachel managed to maintain her gripped and her hair kept her safe. Within moments the thrashing stopped and the red head went limp on top of her, eyes rolling back into their sockets.

Knowing that the blonde would be moments away, Rachel flung the red head in the general direction which she expected to blonde to approach from and dove to the left. She must have guessed wrong as the spot she vacated was immediately engulfed in golden fire. Rachel rolled to her feet to find the blonde 5 feet away and ready to hurl another deadly blast her way. She was about to throw her hair up to defend herself when, out of nowhere, a disembodied elbow appeared in front of her face and smashed into it. She felt her nose crush under the blow and her world spun.

Rachel crumpled to the ground, coughing up blood, tears streaming down her face. A disembodied foot appeared and slammed into her stomach with enough force to launch her across the room. She smashed into what remained of the grand piano, collapsing into a heap. Of her assailant there was no sign, and the blonde was standing where she was grinning at Rachel's predicament.

"Finish her off Kara. This has taken long enough and I feel like having some cock in me." she said nonchalantly.

So that was what was happening. Kara had the ability to turn invisible. And packs quite a wallop at that.

Knowing that she only had a few moments before the knock out blow arrived, Rachel squeezed a big dollop of white cream from her left tit and then brought both hands together in a fast clapping motion.

The clap caused the white cream to morph into a fine powder and disperse into a white cloud around Rachel. The powder immediately started adhering to everything it touched, including Kara! 

"There you are you little bitch!" she said and lashed out with a hair whip that struck Kara across the chest with the force equivalent to a wrecking ball. The force of the strike crushed ribs and broke her collar bone, blasting Kara across the room into the surprised blonde.

Rachel was in bad shape and she knew it. Kara's attacks had broken bones. The bitch was strong, each had felt like being charged by a rhino. Rachel's powers did not include body armour and while she was tough as any elite athlete could be, her flesh and bones were only minimally tougher than normal humans. That last whip attack against Kara, while it seemed to have taken her out for the count, was all that she could muster and Rachel was already fighting unconsciousness.

"Very impressive. I must say I never thought you had it in you. You almost wiped the floor with us and we're some of the most powerful the Firm has to offer. Obviously I can't kill you, you're definitely worth studying." said the blonde, pushing Kara unceremoniously off her as she got to her feet. "OK, game over. Let's call it a day shall we. Let's how that amazing hair of yours holds up to a focus cutting beam rather than fire balls eh?"

As she spoke, the blonde's eyes began to glow once again. Rachel could barely stay awake and she suspected that even if her hair could protect her for a while, those eyes would soon cut her down given that she was unable to move and get out of the line of fire.

Looks like this is it... Just as I thought my life was starting to get interesting... 

But just as Rachel closed her eyes in acceptance of the inevitable, a huge crash shook the apartment. Rachel's eyes snapped back open to find that an obviously feminine figure had come exploding into the apartment right in front of her, through the roof. The figure's back was towards Rachel, but it was obvious even through the dust that she had long shapely legs, a bubble butt and long, thick hair. She was dressed in body hugging jeans and a loose tank top that revealed sculpted shoulders and an elegant neck.

"Well, who do we have here? Another lamb to the slaughter? Where does Michael find all these women so willing to die for him?! No matter, come on, let me give you a taste of hell on earth!" and with that the blonde unleashed a massive blast of golden fire at the new arrival.

But instead of screams of pain, the blonde was shocked to find that all her fire had managed to do was burn off every scrap of clothing on the woman. Her naked glory exposed, the blonde found herself faced with a voluptuous and muscular beauty. Her DD breasts were glorious symbols of feminine appeal, on par with Rachel's own amazing tits. She had a pretty face and her long hair stretched down to the top of her sexy butt. While lean muscle covered every inch of her body, her shape and assets ensured that the overall package was that of an amazonian princess rather than a pretty body builder.

"Is that all you got? I'm not even sure that will give me a tan." said the woman sarcastically.

Screaming in anger, the blonde unleashed another blast of golden fire, giving it all. The flames were so hot that the ceiling and floor around the amazonian beauty melted and the air ignited in a 15 foot sphere around her. Rachel's hair was the only thing that kept her from being cooked alive even though she was across the room and the wood and metal around her had started to burn and melt.

The fire storm raged for many seconds, before the blonde could sustain the attack no longer. She collapsed to the floor, her own clothes now ash, streams of blood flowing down her cheeks from her eyes. Where she had hurled her fire only charred concrete remained and there was a 6 foot circle burned straight through the roof and floor.

"Take that bitch." said the blonde, convinced she had triumphed. She was pushing herself to her feet when a hand reached up through the hole in the floor and out popped the amazon.

"No! It's not possible! I burned you down!" screamed the blonde.

"Sorry, floor gave way under me. A bit anti-climatic. But I think you've given it your best shot. Shall we move on to the next scene?" and with that the amazon strode forward and grabbed the blonde around her next with one hand and lifted her off her feet.

"No! Let me go! It's not supposed to end this way!" screamed the blonde, struggling futilely.

"Oh, by the way, you don't appear in the next scene." and without further delay, the amazon tightened her grip and snapped the blonde's neck. She tossed the blonde into the hole and turned towards Rachel. Walking calmly she approached Rachel and squatted in front of her, shaved pussy coming into full view.

"Are you alright?" she asked.

"I'm pretty banged up. Thanks for the save. Who on earth are you?" asked Rachel.

"Oh, that's right, we haven't met. I'm Mandy." said the amazon smiling.