 [Amanda]

Amanda awoke to find herself lying on a day bed with a view of the sea. There was a warm breeze blowing and the sun was not too hot. She was dressed in a white silk shift with nothing on underneath. The breeze had made her nipples hard and they poked up against the thin material. Her body and hair smelled fresh, as if she just had a bath. Overall, she felt good, healthy.

Where am I?

HUD: YOU ARE CURRENTLY ON THE SECRET ISLAND HIDEOUT YOU ESTABLISHED IN THE CARRIBEAN. IT HAS BEEN 18 HOURS SINCE THE ATTACK BY THE FIRM AT MICHAEL'S PENTHOUSE.

Oh. So we survived it. Rachel must have pulled off a miracle.

"Hey, good to see you up!" said a familiar voice from behind Amanda.

Amanda turned to find Mandy walking towards her. She was, somehow unsurprisingly, naked and was towelling dry her long hair as she walked. Amanda noticed that Mandy's hair was now black, a new look. Amanda realised that this was the first time she had seen Mandy completely naked. It was now pretty damn obvious to her why Michael would be attracted to Mandy, though the circumstances of how they got together were rather unique, alien invasion and all. Amanda felt her nipples get even harder looking at the stunning woman in front of her. Apparently Mandy's body was even hot enough to arouse straight women.

"Hi Mandy. I was just wondering how we survived the attack. Seeing you here explains everything."

"Yup. I returned to the apartment just in time to prevent things from going bad. Though truth be told Rachel was doing a great job up till that stupid Kara bitch intervened. Once we had cleared up the trash, your security team put together the evacuation to here in light speed. You have a good team working for you." said Mandy smiling warmly.

"Good to hear. Michael pays top dollar for those ladies to keep him safe. Glad they came through when they were needed. Which reminds me that I need to get in touch with the families of those that were killed in yesterday's skirmish."

"I'm sure that can wait a couple of hours. Now that you're on your feet again, maybe you should take the chance to check in with Michael. He was quite worried about you and will be glad to see you well."

"Uh, yeah, that sounds like a plan. You guys, uh, caught up already?" asked Amanda slightly sheepishly.

"Don't worry babe, you've been out for hours. Let's just say that Michael and I have already taken some time to get cosy." said Mandy grinning.

Both women were suddenly interrupted by a woman's scream of pleasure. 

"And as you can see, its currently Rachel's turn to get some couple time." quipped Mandy. "Alright, take it easy. I'm going to get some sun." And Mandy strolled off.

Since she had nothing better to do, Amanda decided that she would take Mandy's advice to check in with Michael. While she had initially been slightly hesitant to see him at this moment, given that she felt rather embarrassed at how she had been unable to protect him as his security chief, she thought she might as well get the initial awkwardness over with. She also noted that he would likely still be literally deeply involved with Rachel, and Amanda decided that it would be entertaining to watch them fuck each other's brains out, especially since that was about as close as Amanda was going to get to sex with Michael.

Pathetic right? Hey, but a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do. At least now I'll be able to more vividly imagine him fucking me when I masturbate tonight.

Dreamily, Amanda wandered into the bedroom adjoining the balcony. If she had been hoping for a hardcore scene to encourage her imagination, she was not disappointed.

In the centre of a huge bed, sheets a mess and pillows and under cloths strewn all over, Amanda found Michael vigorously pounding Rachel's pussy doggy style. Rachel was on all fours and Michael was standing on the bed behind her pumping away. Rachel's pussy lips were red and puffy, no doubt from lots of fucking by Michael's big cock. Michael's cock on the other hand was covered in white cream and froth, evidence of all the cumming Rachel had been doing on his manhood over the course of their sex.

Michael's grunts of exertion were accompanied by Rachel's moans of pleasure every time the big cock slammed into her cervix and his pelvis mashed against her pussy lips. Both of them were oblivious to their surroundings, totally engrossed in fucking.

Oh wow...

Amanda felt her pussy juices start to flow and her nipples were now harder than ever. She had an insane urge to jump onto the bed, pull Michael down on his back and ride his cock like a mad cow girl. Instead, since she was uncertain how either party would take such a move, Amanda resigned herself to flopping into an arm chair next to the bed to watch the show. Just so that she didn't feel totally left out, she allowed herself the pleasure of putting her fingers to good use and began masturbating to the world class fucking that was happening before her eyes.

[Rachel]

"Omigod Michael where have you and your cock been all my life?!" screamed Rachel as Michael fucked her from behind. His big cock rubbed every inch of her cunt the right way and even the mashing against her cervix was pleasurable beyond belief. Every time he thrust into her, Rachel felt complete and sated, and the longing she felt whenever he withdrew his cock only made her want Michael more.

Michael was pumping her like the sex machine that he was and Rachel had already enjoyed 3 big orgasms since they had begun this session an hour ago. She had waited patiently after they had arrived at the hideout for Michael and Mandy to release all the pent up lust from being apart for days. The two of them had fucked for almost 2 hours, during which Michael emptied his balls into Mandy's mouth and cunt countless times. He then needed a couple of hours sleep, both to fully recover from yesterday's ordeal, as well as to give his balls some time to restock. Rachel was agreeable to waiting a bit longer, since it would obviously be less fun for her if Michael was still shooting blanks when they fucked. She wanted to feel his hot cum squirt down her throat and fill her cunt to the point of overflowing.

"Slap, slap, slap, slap..." went Michael's big ball sac as it slapped against Rachel's pussy lips as he pumped her non-stop doggy style. Rachel felt an orgasm rising within her, and was pleased to notice that Michael's normally regular long strokes had started to come short and fast.

"Come on baby! Give it to me! I want it! Lay it on thick! Don't hold anything back... Just empty your balls into me!" screamed Rachel as her orgasm hit her. "Uhhhhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Michael decided that he should follow his lover's instructions. Once the stream of molten pleasure started flowing up his shaft, he instructed his balls to let it all out. He grunted in pleasure as thick streams of nanite laced cum blasted into Rachel's cunt. Despite not being at full capacity, his big cock combined with the cum he was pouring into her was enough to cause Rachel's cunt to overflow and sperm and pussy juices started squirting out of her pussy as Michael continued to thrust frantically. It was quite an amazing sight, two beautiful people engaged in wild fucking and moaning while sexual juices spurted and dripped from the sexual piston where both bodies were joined.

"Uhhhhh... Oh Michael... That felt really good..." moaned Rachel, slumping into the bed.

HUD: NEW NANITES RECEIVED. AS THIS UNIT'S EVOLUTIONARY POTENTIAL HAS NOT YET BEEN ATTAINED, NEW NANITES HAVE BEEN CHANNELLED INTO SECTIONS WHERE NEW CAPABILITIES CAN BE DEVELOPED.

Huh, I thought my powers were already fully developed. This is interesting...

Rachel felt her belly warm up suddenly and she assumed that it was a sign that the nanites had begun to work. Meanwhile, Michael appeared to have over extended himself and was now slumped beside her on the bed in a deep sleep.

"Some sex machine you are... falling asleep even before my cunt is dry." remarked Rachel. It was then that she noticed Amanda. The blonde had stopped masturbating once she realised that the show was over, not wanting to embarrass herself when Rachel or Michael noticed her.

"Hey! Amanda its good to see you well again. I was quite worried after that blonde bitch sucked your powers out of you. You were quite out of sorts for a while. Feeling all better?"

"Yup. Thanks for asking Rachel. Looks like Michael's recovered too." grinned Amanda.

"Yeah. Was hoping he had more in him. But I suppose doing me after Mandy was a bit too much even for our little sex god." laughed Rachel.

"I'm not surprised. I've been around the block a few times and I can't imagine any man who would not be willing to sacrifice their soul to be able to pump you full of cum." said Amanda.

"Haha... that's very kind of you babe. Actually, now that you're up, would you be keen to follow me down to the cell block? That Kara bitch and the red head are both locked up down there." 

"Sure. I've waiting for a chance to take a pound of flesh out of Kara especially."

"Great, let me just take a shower and we can meet down at Level B4." said Rachel bouncing off the bed and into the shower.

[Michael]

Michael woke feeling satisfied and rested. After getting the chance to fuck both of his amazing lovers in a row, suddenly the world felt right as rain. The nap had also allowed him further time to recover and his ball sac was slowly refilling itself.

Expecting to find Rachel asleep next to him, Michael was a bit disappointed to find himself in bed alone. Glancing out the window he saw Mandy asleep on a sun tanning chair and decided to let her rest.

Popping into the shower, Michael scrubbed off the sweat and sexual juices from his body and shaved all the right parts before pulling on a pair of silk pants. He then wandered down to the ground floor of the mansion and made small talk with some of the household staff, all of which were female and decent looking of course.

When he had first woken up at the mansion, it had been like coming out of a wonderful dream. Thinking back to it he felt his cock harden as the images and sensations of fucking the olive skinned beauty and fondling her big breasts came back to him. While he had subsequently been told that Kara was an agent of the Firm, it didn't stop him reminiscing about what an amazing fuck she had been. Her pussy had been unbelievably warm and felt to his cock like a return to the womb would be to a new born. Her pussy juices had been so sweet and tasty and even when she had tried to drown him in her cum he could only remember feeling joy.

Well, she was obviously well designed if the objective was to put me under. I'm pretty sure I'd never be able to resist her even if I met her again, knowing what I do now.

After getting a bite to eat, Michael decided to look for Rachel and Amanda to discuss how to proceed with the Firm. Suspecting that they would be in the basement, Michael took the lift down. He found both of them dressed in tank tops and shorts discussing something in the cell block.

"Hey! I thought I would find the two of you down here." said Michael.

It was then that he noticed how much Amanda had changed physically since she had taken his serum. Her hair was like woven gold and more luxurious, her eyes bigger with brown pupils that had a hint of liquid gold in them. Her breasts had also changed and were bigger and higher, though no more than a handful. Definitely an improvement. 

"Amanda you look so much healthier! And it looks like the serum also did more than just give you powers." grinned Michael. Amanda blushed and looked away.

That being the case, Amanda's attractiveness was still overshadowed by Rachel standing beside her. The red head was simply in a different class of gorgeous and had been even before the transformation. In the little tank top her glorious boobs were spilling out of the sides and the bottom of her butt cheeks peeked out the legs of her shorts. The way Amanda had reacted to Michael's compliment kinda hinted that she knew for herself where she stood with respect to the bombshell next to her. And Rachel obviously knew where she stood in the grand scheme of sexual things.

"Hi Michael..." said Rachel sauntering up to Michael. "I enjoyed our little session..." she said, reaching her hand into his pants to stroke his half hard cock. Massaging his cock head with her fingers she went on: "I was a bit worried that you might have been too spent after Mandy, but you and your little partner down there didn't disappoint" Rachel licked her teeth sexily, fingers never stopping their good work. Michael felt himself getting fully hard and a surge of lust to fuck Rachel began to ooze out of his balls.

"Ahem. Uh, guys could we focus on some rather more urgent stuff for a second?" said Amanda, obviously uncomfortable that Rachel and Michael were getting all intimate in front of her. "This is the second time that the Firm has mounted an attack on Michael and if not for Mandy, I'm pretty certain we would be at their mercy right now."

"You're right Amanda. Sorry about that. I'm sure you won't blame me for getting a bit carried away when Michael is around. After what we went through yesterday, its actually left me with the feeling that more than ever I should try to live life to the fullest. Which, with Michael around, has a lot to do with spending lots of time being sweaty and noisy in bed." Rachel turned back to what they had been discussing before Michael arrived, though she did leave her hand draped on Michael's cock in his pants.

"Yes Amanda, sorry. What were you saying?" smiled Michael warmly, approaching the table. He made sure he kept his crotch out of Amanda's view so that she wouldn't notice Rachel's hand on it still. At the same time, his right hand sneaked around to gently massage Rachel's right butt cheek.

"I was saying that we needed to figure out how to strike back at the Firm. We can't afford to be on the defensive all the time since that leaves us at a disadvantage. They have greater numbers and surprise on their side if we leave it to them to choose the battles. While Mandy and Rachel are powerful enough to defeat the Firm's agents even in many-to-one bouts, we can't depend on that luck forever." said Amanda, turning her attention fully back to the table.

"Yes, that makes sense." said Michael, only half paying attention as Rachel had started to stroke his cock in his pants again.

"For some reason, the Firm seems to have devoted considerable resources to try and take you down. Capture you at that, and not just kill you. They could have much more easily achieved that by just blowing up the entire building you were in for example. But instead they chose to send agents, which I'm assuming given the resources needed to create them in the first place, is definitely more expensive and time consuming. Not to mention since we keep killing so many of them." continued Amanda.

"OK. I can certainly see the logic in that. I heard that male agent saying that the Firm wanted to study Michael and us. We seem to be more powerful than they expected. But that still doesn't explain why they are here and want they want, aside from cutting us open of course." said Rachel, who seemed to be able to multi-task between giving Michael a hand job and carry a serious conversation.

"Well, I think the only way we'll be able to gain new insight at the moment is to interrogate our prisoners." said Amanda.

"Prisoners? We have prisoners?" asked Michael.

"Yup. We managed to capture both the red headed claw bitch and that Kara-chick that was fucking your brains out." said Amanda.

Michael's cock twitched at the mention of Kara. Since Rachel's hand was still on his cock, she obviously noticed.

"Left quite an impression didn't she?" asked Rachel sarcastically, withdrawing her hand from his cock.

Michael's cock went a bit soft in response to Rachel's cold shoulder. He leaned over and gave Rachel a kiss on the neck in a bit of an apology, though it didn't seem to make any difference.

"Sorry babe, not intentional. That bitch really did a number on me." said Michael.

"Let's move on shall we?" asked Amanda, uncomfortable with where things were headed. "The important thing now is to decide how to proceed. I'm concerned that the Firm will start targeting our families now that they had so much trouble capturing us. At the same time, we don't have enough information about them to strike back at this point. So we have two options. Either we head out and first make sure our loved ones are safe before deciding what to do next, or we interrogate the prisoners and see if we can cobble together a plan of attack from whatever they may know."

"How do you plan on interrogating them? As much as I dislike them, I'm not really the sort that would start crushing fingers and removing skin." said Rachel.

"Not really my cup of tea either... I'm more the billionaire playboy, than the mad dictator." added Michael. Michael wasn't keen on the thought of pulling skin off the two women, especially given how hot they were, since this would be going against his core principles of homage to beautiful women.

"Neither am I frankly. And since both of these women are super powered, none of my team that may be more open to such methods would be able to help." said Amanda. "So I was thinking that the only way we would be able to get something out of them would be for Michael to use his, ahem gifts, on them, especially the red head since Kara seems to have some immunity."

Rachel bristled at the suggestion. "I am not going to agree to having Michael put his cock into these women again. Whatever the reason. For all you know the red head has similar talents to Kara, and then where will we be?"

"Uh, I'm not so keen either. As much as you think that I've got no morals, I'm actually really happy with Mandy and Rachel and I'm not looking to get into the pants of any other women if I can help it." added Michael, noticing that Rachel's expression had loosened up after he said that. He was certainly not going to risk Rachel ire over something like this, given that he had almost instantly decided that he wanted her to be one of his mistresses the moment she had taken her clothes off. Images of her glorious boobs and the feel of her pussy around his manhood made his cock harden again in his pants.

"OK. Then looks like we're back to option 1. We head out and check that our loved ones are safe, then bring them back here. We would need to do this covertly in order not to trigger the Firm or reveal the location of this hideout. Michael, I understand that you don't really have much family that's still alive?" said Amanda.

"Yeah, you guys are kinda of my family now." said Michael, pulling a more relaxed Rachel into a half hug. She must have noticed that he was trying his best to assure her and when she sneaked a peak at Michael's half hard cock growing in his pants, a slight grin crossed her face.

"OK. And since your offensive powers are also rather limited, I suggest that Mandy, Rachel and I split up and head out to recover our loved ones. I've only got a sister that I need to bring back and I think Mandy has her mum. For some coincidence neither of us has any men in our families any more. Rachel?"

"Sounds like a plan. I'm not particularly close to my family cos its been dysfunctional from when I was a kid. But I do have two girlfriends that I'm close to that I would like to check in on." said Rachel. "I am worried that the Firm would expect this next move from us. How do we avoid rushing into a trap?"

"That's true. Perhaps we should head out in teams then. At the same time, we need to make sure we do this quick in case the Firm is only just thinking about carrying this out." said Amanda. "Perhaps we Mandy and I could take our two families, since those would be natural targets for the Firm and the likelihood of a trap is higher. For Rachel, since it would be harder for the Firm to have discerned your close relationship with your friends, perhaps you could take up your rescue on your own?"
