 Author's Note: Thanks for your continued patience, enjoy.

-EgyptsGoddess

*****

Whispers echoed about the erie halls of the darkened halls, haunting expressions and easy chatter fluttered within the emptiness of the immense castle. The servants went on with their work while those that had been struck by the curse hardest moved as only ghosts can. Frightening maids and causing endless mischief for the handymen. Cool breezes brushed past children's cheeks as they played and explored. The inner heartbeat of the castle was never more bleak than once she had left it so suddenly. The maids shushed their little babes and youth if her name was even whispered as a mere question. Beast had locked himself in the highest tower, the original throne room. He took no food or drink yet still his faithful servants tried to care for him; while his ghosts spent endless time with him.

You should forgive her master, she is very young. A former butler cooed to his monstrous employer, the phantom was that of a wispy nature. His voice was high pitched and always loud a quality that had carried over once he had been taken by the curse.

Ah! But how could he? She gave him no reason to trust her, did she. And yet she took the rose, it must mean something, no? purred a silvery striped feline, her sharp yellow gaze flickered towards the Master as he sat in his former throne. He had sat there for days, seemingly immobile and content to be left to himself; he readily refused any attempts to breach the bolted door. The dainty french born feline took a musing seat on her lithe haunches to bathe her front paws. Her ears twitched and tweaked at the slightest noise as she tended to her daily routine. She and the butler had been the first amongst the few serving within the castle to fall ill after Beast had been created. They suffered with flu-like symptoms for two weeks before they were reduced to their present state. Locked in the forms of domestic beasts or that of a phantom species.

At Belle's arrival Master had pleaded with them to keep their distance, so as to allow her time to adjust and possible a desire to stay without being more frightened than she had already been at Beast's mere presence. Yet now that she had run off, they eagerly surrounded their keeper and employer, offering advice and soothing him as best they were able, Beast was not to be trifled with in this state. They had learned early on in their endless state to leave him alone for fear of what his temper would evoke. 

Belle did so much good for him though, I've never seen that spark in his eyes before, he fixed east wing dungeon finally. He was improving, if only she hadn't let her curiosity land her in those sticky situations. Remind me why he keeps that bitch in the south dungeon? A snort came from the great dane who padded just a few feet off from the cat. As humans the form maid and the house manager had gotten along wonderfully, yet their domestic natures as animals determined that they keep safe distance lest they begin a crazy game of tag that lasted until they broke most things within their chase. The giant dog stood majestically, his deep brown eyes glanced towards the little perky kitty longingly, he missed kissing those precious lips. A weighty huff sounded from his position and her head snapped up in his direction.

Matthew James! Don't say such things. Master has his own reasons... Though I must agree, he needs to rid this place of her. Scolded the cat but her eyes sparked ferocity at thoughts of the witch that was kept so near. A soft purr told the Dane that she wasn't too upset with his opinions.

Hush you two, it's obvious they both have shortcomings and need to see through them to reach each other. A motherly tone came from a large ornate clothing trunk, she was sitting against the far wall, her intricate hinges and detailed etchings seemed dimmed from lack of use but it was her strong determined voice that spoke to the former castle designer's opinionated nature. She had taken care of any tiny aspect regarding the interior looks of the palace before the kingdom was attacked then turned into a ghost town.

Beast stirred at the sound of her tone, an audible growl sounded from his still form. The creature felt every petal that fell from that rose which Belle held, and every day that past his hopes of her return grew more and more dim, his heart ached as yet another petal fluttered to the floor. Gloom, heartache, and remorse hung like perfume around the Beast. What would happen if the flower lost all it's petals? This thought caused his regal terrifying gaze to raise, those bright eyes darted about as if on high alert, what would happen to him? A visible shiver coursed through the animal as he made a move to stand upright. Dull aches racked the mighty creature as his joints popped while his muscle complained from lack of use. His ears flickered, swiveling about as if awaking from a long nap. Five o'clock shadow was a gross understatement as the creature's once silken well kept fur rustled with dirt and weighed an extra thirty pounds with length. His face was nearly a matte of disheveled length, only his eyes were visible. Six days with no type of care would do such things to a critter.

Master, please... allow us to assist you. Let's get you tidied up, shall we? The noble Dane moved nearer to the creature, pure devotion and love emanated from his large eyes. Beast grimaced as he dared a glance into a broken mirror to his left, he hadn't realized his pitiful behavior had taken such a hold on him. He steeled his muscles from flinging the tiny cat the instant he felt her wiggle lovingly around his massive paws, any physical contact felt odd and painful to Beast, but she was merely trying to display comfort. Her purring grew even louder as he nodded in response to the great dane's offer. With a flurry of hasty commotion, his tenants scurried about gathering odds and ends while the great dane escorted Beast down from the tower towards his bed chambers. His inner spirits seemed to lift some as he allowed himself to let others in.

Once in his bed chambers he dutifully went into the giant glamorous washroom. Other ghostly beings grabbed combs to begin the process of combing out the knots, tangles, and dirt clinging in his body full of fur. The tub turned itself on, filling with steaming water, while soap and scents swirled into the stream. Meanwhile Beast's thoughts raced and churned as they pinched and stung him with the combs detangle work. 

"Matthew, what should I do?" Beast's gaze landed on the dog, eyes pleading for answers. Clots of grime and filth fell to the marble floor around his feet, body oils and multiple hair knots came undone. All in all Beast looked so wild and frazzled it caused a little giggle from some of the younger phantoms that tended to him. Matthew promptly took a steady seat on his mighty haunches and looked the beast straight in the eyes. 

As a Beast or as a man? he questioned severely.

"What ever do you mean? I am a hideous animal, surrounded by ghosts and beasts, living in a decrepit excuse of a castle gloom. What else could I be!" Beast snarled pitifully, the great dane had struck an already trembling nerve. He noticed the dog's breathing quicken yet the animal sat firmly, his head tilted in a most quizzical expression lit his shapely face. Matthew sighed heavily then he inhaled deeply, steadying himself for a near dangerous reaction to what he said next;

You can be a King once more, body, mind and soul... Majesty. At this Beast roared savagely throwing himself at the dog, big and menacing, raw strength and terror emanated from Beast as he nearly crushed the giant dog into the hard marble floor yet the dog muscled every ounce of strength and shoved back, a hideous growl sounded from the bathroom echoing through the massive castle. Matthew shoved the beast back snarling just as effectively, his rebellious act landed Beast tumbling back and into the hot bath water.

Matthew stood bracing on all fours snapping his teeth viciously as Beast came to a sloshy stop in the tub, a look a pure shock on his face. The great Dane moved forward to peer closely into Beast's untamed eyes, his features softening as he neared. Trembling in his own paws was not like him, yet Matthew had muster all his courage to confront his liege. An irritated huff sounded from the Dane.

I'm tired of this attitude from you Sire... it's just not becoming of such a nobel as yourself. You deserve to put Your past behind you and look to the future... what if she is the one? Instead you do nothing, I'd rather have you stark raving mad before this sulky mood came upon your Majesty. I have done as you commanded always, even after the curse had taken hold of even myself... this is your house Sire. Own it. Matthew took a few cautious steps back in case he needed to defend himself once more yet Beast merely sat in the water which was rapidly turning a muddy discolor. His expression was still, unmoving when suddenly he moved to stand up in the tub and Matthew stepped back further lowering his head in submission a look of apology scrunched his face; a whimpering plea just barely audible.

"Thank you my truest of friend's, Matthew. I have decided what to do next, bring me my huntsman attire." Beast voice was firm but gentle as he took up a scrub brush to start working the filth from his furry hide.

The night was cool filled with fog as Beast moved, confidence radiated from him, deep seeded purpose filled his large steps. A thrill ran through his muscled form. Matthew and the rest of the hounds trailed almost silently behind their Master. As the castle manager, Matthew had not let the King's prized hounds go unattended, he trained, bred and cared for the dogs even as he did for himself in his current state. Three generations of great Dane's, greyhounds and a set of beagles had past through the castle while time had past so slowly. At his flank's Matthew had the very best of his pack, two greyhounds and a beagle. Beast suddenly stopped and crouched low. Matthew panted with eagerness as did the rest, they had let her go making the greyhounds whine and shriek with undeniable delight. From the dungeon the Master had given that witch a good night's head start. Not worried about how far she might get. They had all gotten up eagerly at dawn to begin this long awaited hunt. Seemingly too easy, and yet she had been Beast's prisoner for nearly 15 years, why would it be difficult? A wild smirk coiled across Beast's razor sharp fangs as he smelled the putrid acid that a witch gives off, she was trudging across the stretch of marsh lands that were somewhat frozen due to the cooler weather.

"Release the beagles Matthew." directed Beast and in mere moments those eager noise makers announced their presence to the wicked creature as they sped off towards her, howling their loudest calls. Beast watched her scream in fright and attempt to outrun the beagles, which she did as she propelled herself magically across the sloppy cold marsh. Her head whipped in Beast's direction as he moved out from beneath the underbrush, making sure she saw him indicate the release of all his hunters, a mass of hot excited hounds shrieking and growling their enthusiasm as they charged their prey, mere paces behind her especially once the greyhounds found their footing on slippery grounds. Snapping and snarling they drove her even faster as she churned in frantic racing efforts to somehow get to more solid turf. Beast simply watched his hounds have a go while Matthew sat patiently at his side.

"Stay Matthew." came Beast firmly as he started after the pursuing hunters, a glorious sight of terror as the massive creature joined his dogs and asserted himself at the front of the fray. Suddenly the witch fumbled, tripping over her own feet once she chanced a glance behind herself to see Beast was nearly atop her. Tumbling recklessly her lithe body crashed into the muddy moss, flipping and tangled she hissed and cried her fear. Struggling to gain her footing as Beast tackled her, pinning her beneath himself he let the hate roll of him.

"Please Master, I can turn you back!" squealed Rose, her feminine charms peaking past her fear lit gaze. The evil licking close behind those humane eyes as she looked him full in the face.

"Why would I let you do that?" muttered Beast, he pushed his face towards her's eyeing her.

"I beg for my life Sire, please I never attempted to escape once you had me locked up, let me change you back." her voice turned silky and near heavenly in her masked state.

"What a fool you are Rose, a life for a life remember, I care not if I ever see my own face again, so long as you can never do any more harm. Now it's been too long, please die." Beast whispered huskily into her face, as if he were her lover; deeply engrossed in the female of his fantasies. Her hideous eyes flashed as she fought into action, snapping her powerful jaws up at his exposed face. A mere snort came from Beast as he withdrew a few inches only to eagerly tear off her face with his own massive jaws. A strangled cry came from Rose as her features were botched, her body wiggled and writhed beneath Beast as he unleashed his inner animal.

The baying of his hounds drew his head up, dripping gore and blood smattered his face and chest, those piercing eyes glowed beneath the mass of hideous mess. The witch was finally dead, her entire upper half had been shredded by the shuttering creature above her lifeless form. Beast moved off of her, glancing back he stifled a reckless monstrous chuckle; she looked rather funny without a head or neck. Once he had moved away from his kill, Beast's hounds moved in to finish the job as he started a slow pace back towards his castle.

The hounds went wild in a bloodlust frenzy as they eagerly tore what remained of the witch into bloody chunks of flesh and broken bone.