 Theodore Logan and Sara Clark are once again trapped in a time vortex. They have fucked, laughed, slept, bathed, and eaten together for three days, they are in love. 

"Hey Sara? I think it's time to get out of here."

"Awe...Ok." Sara whined, wanting to stay wrapped in his arms longer.

"Will we still be together, tomorrow?"

"Theo Baby, I love you, I don't care what my friends say."

They were lying in the teacher's lounge, the air conditioning switched back on. The sound of cars and classrooms filled the room. 

"Theo Baby, did you learn to use your powers again?"

"I don't know. I just sort of felt like being back here again."

"I don't get it, but let's get out of here."

They walked out of the school hand in hand, naked. 

***

Four days passed since the incident occurred where a class room full of students reported seeing two classmates suddenly appear in front of them, have sex with each other and then disappear again. No has seen Natalie since that day either. When Theodore and Sara finally arrived back at school, everyone just acted normal, fearing being called crazy. Theodore Logan's popularity suddenly soared significantly with Sara at his side. 

"Theodore Logan! Report to the Principal's office immediately!" Boomed a voice over the PA.

Theodore Logan walked worriedly out of his classroom, leaving Sara to do her math work alone. The halls seemed different now to Theodore; no one called him things like geek, testicle face or even 'likely to become a creepy plumber in the future'. No, things were different. The students, who were mainly Jocks and hot blondes, now saw him as a person and not a nerd.

He walked triumphantly to the office. He flung open the door and walked in. The secretary pointed to the door. He opened the door, expecting to find Ms. Blindopper the principal, but instead he was met with two men in black suits. 

"Theodore Logan? We would like you to come with us." One said before the other continued.

"It's a matter of National security."

Theodore was stunned, but quickly came to his senses. "Um, I'm good thanks."

"I'm afraid we'll have to insist."

"We know of your... abilities."

Theodore became serious; "What do you mean abilities?"

"Don't play coy, we can't afford the time."

"It involves your twin brother... and sister."

"What?! I have a brother and sister? I thought I was an only child."

"No, as children you were split up and sent to different foster parents."

"You and your family are in danger."

"Who the hell are you guys?!"

"We are secret government agents."

"That's all you need to know."

Theodore quickly followed them out of the school to a black van. They drove in silence for a couple of hours before they pulled up to a large warehouse at the edge of town. Theodore Logan was sweating balls, but he was curious about his family. Sara was probably getting worried after he didn't come back.

Theodore followed them inside, and was lead to an elevator. They rode down several stories, and when the doors opened, they walked out into a white, brightly lit, and shiny secret government laboratory. A sexy, brunette, 26 year-old woman in a white lab coat and glasses walked up to Theodore.

"You must be the test subject... uh... I mean person, I've heard so much about."

"Um... Yes? My name's Theodo-"

"I know your name Mr. Logan." Said the sexy scientist, cutting Theodore off.

"So, where is my family?!"

"That's not important yet, first we are going to train you to use your powers." Said one of the two men in suits.

"Follow me Mr. Logan." Ordered the sexy scientist.

Theodore followed her obediently. They passed rooms filled with scientists working on whiteboards and computers. Guards stood at every door. Each room was white and their walls all seemed to be made out of glass. Finally, they stopped at a giant, metal door. The walls for this room were concrete. She placed her hand on a scanner and the heavy door slid open. They walked inside. The room was like a mini apartment. There was a small kitchen with a stove and fridge, two beds and a toilet and shower; with no walls or doors separating any of it. The two men in suits stood guard outside as the doors closed.

"What are we doing in here?" Theodore asked as he looked around.

"This is where I will be training you."

"I thought my family was in danger!"

"They are..." She sighed as she took a seat on one of the beds. "There are others, like you, with special and dangerous abilities. Only they use them for evil. Your siblings also have powers and anyone with powers is a threat to their organisation."

"If they're in danger why haven't you brought them here already?"

"These other people with abilities are already watching them, evaluating them to see if they will be of use or not. We can't protect your whole family, only people with powers can fight people with powers. Before you will stand a chance against them we need to train you."

"Well let's do it then!"

"Um, there is just one thing you should know, from what our research has determined, the fastest way to access your abilities, is through sexual stimulation..."

Before she finished talking, Theodore was naked. 

"Oh, I didn't catch your name."

"It's... Liz." She said, blushing.

"How long does training take anyway?"

"Only a year." She said casually as she began to strip carefully.

"Pardon?"

Liz removed her white lab coat, folding it neatly, she then removed her shirt. She had perky C-cup breasts and she wasn't wearing a bra. She unbuckled her belt, her pants fell to her ankles and she stepped out of them. She had pink panties on. She pulled them off and lay back on the bed, spreading her legs wide.

"Come on!" She ordered.

Theodore walked over, got on the bed, bringing his hips close to her. He pressed the head of his dick into her super tight slit. He slowly forced it in, expanding her walls. Finally all seven inches were in and he slowly pulled out before pushing it in again. He slowly sped up his rhythm. She began moaning and closed her eyes.

Theodore reached out and grabbed a breast, squeezing it firmly. He suddenly began nailing her as fast as he could. She began screaming. 

In another room, the two men in suits were watching intently on a camera monitor. 

"Hey, do you think we should turn off the camera?"

The other suit just stared at him.

Liz suddenly pushed Theodore away, turned around and got up on all fours, facing the wall. Theodore grabbed her by the hips and pulled her onto his dick. He fucked her hard, doggy style. He could feel himself reaching his limit. Her pussy was soaking wet as cum ran down her thighs. Theodore thrust into her hard, causing her to grunt, he began cumming. Suddenly the sounds of the room froze. Theodore pulled out.

"Uhhhhhhhh." Liz sighed as she hit her orgasm. "Good work. Now we have to expand the vortex."

"How do I do that?"

"When you were inside the vortex the first time, did you ever shower?"

"Ya, of course."

"Well how did you do that if everything was frozen in time? It's simple; you just subconsciously expanded and shaped the vortex around the pipes, allowing the water to flow."

"But Sara was there too, and she had a shower without me."

"You came inside Sara right? She must have inadvertently obtained at least a small part of your abilities and used them the same way."

"I see, so how do I do this?"

"We'll start tomorrow; get a good night's sleep."

They slept in separate beds, Liz had insisted, and told Theodore that the sex was only a scientific tool to get into the vortex. 

Two months had passed and Theodore was finally able to control the vortex somewhat, he expanded it to at least the room. Theodore was horny but wasn't allowed to fuck her or masturbate in the same room. The toilet and shower were in the same room with no privacy; Liz also insisted that he turn around whenever she used it. Theodore couldn't do it anymore.

"Ahhhhhhhh!!!" He screamed, "I need to fuck something!!!"

He looked over at Liz fiercely. He started running to her; he reached out and was met with a powerful karate chop. He fell to the floor unconscious. He awoke several hours later; he stared up at the ceiling but quickly shielded his eyes from the bright fluorescent lights. He closed his eyes and sighed, the pain of his headache made him cringe. 

He suddenly opened his eyes, he heard a faint moaning. He looked over to his side; Liz was lying on the bed in some pink panties. Her hand making small circles on her clit, while her other hand squeezed one of her perky tits. She inserted a finger and moaned softly. Theodore stood up, in a half daze as he shook off his concussion. Liz glanced over and ignored him as she continued to finger herself. Theodore crawled onto the bed and gently grabbed her by the panties, shifting them to one side. Liz pulled her hand away and up to her mouth to taste her juices. Theodore gently pressed his face forward into her heat. He extended his tongue and gently parted her tender pussy lips. She moaned softly. Theodore's tongue gently made circles around her swollen clit. Theodore inserted two of his fingers and with every thrust he inserted another until she stretched enough to accommodate his whole fist. Her soft moan turned into a violent yelp, as wave after wave of her orgasm coursed through her. She pushed him away, orgasmic tremors coursed through her body.

Theodore lay down with his head on the pillow as she crawled down to his hard dick. She looked it up and down before taking the whole thing into her small mouth. All seven inches engulfed, her tongue swirled and danced. Theodore breathed heavily as his orgasm built. She felt him begin to tense up and pulled away. She pulled her panties off and threw them on the floor.

She raised herself up and down onto him. His cock slipped inside her wet cunt. She slowly raised herself up, then down as she found her balance. Her rhythm slowly increased with his. They both began moaning loudly, their orgasms building again. Theodore reached up and caressed her tits. She began shaking violently as her orgasm hit. Theodore grunted as he shot his load inside her. 

They slept in the same bed that night, holding each other close.

TO BE CONTINUED...