 Hello, my name is John Logan, I know, it's a pretty cool name. I am a geek, a sexually frustrated one at that. I like Star Trek, Game of Thrones and pretty much all sci-fi. I am physically very average, my penis is seven inches, I am not very athletic, I have dark hair, I wear glasses and I'm 18 years old. This is a story about my high school days, me trying to get some action. When I'm not watching old episodes of Star Trek, I'm masturbating to lesbian porn. 

It's my second year at high school and I have one friend, who is more of a geek than me, his name is Jenkins. I have never had sex, but I really, really want to. In fact I need to, or else I will lose my mind. There is this one girl, a cheerleader, who has the largest tits I've ever seen. She is Blonde, Blue-eyed, slender and 18 years old. Her name is Cassandra; she wears her uniform all day. One day after sitting in class and being bored all day, waiting to go home to watch porn, study and masturbate until I cum, I saw something. I was stretching as I turned to look out the window when suddenly I saw Cassandra, also stretching, her nipples poking through her tight uniform. I quickly turned away, I could feel my erection building but I had to hold it until I got home.

When the bell rang ten minutes later I rushed out of the class room, ahead of everyone. I was walking fast when I suddenly stopped, and thought, I can't do this. I turned back and found Cassandra, surrounded by a crowd of faceless students rushing to get home. I walked right up to her and said, "Cassandra, I w-want you." My courage faded as she took her head phones off.

"What did you say?"

"I s-said" Trying to avoid her eyes I looked down, I noticed her tits again. I just starred; dumbfounded I let out a sigh.

"What do you think you're doing?! Pervert!"

I looked back up, my boner popped up with me; I looked back down and ran away as she laughed at me. I ran all the way home. I was so out of breath I thought I was going to die. 

That night I was angry, I skipped dinner and went to bed early, I had to release. I ferociously threw my clothes off until I was butt naked. I stood in front of my long mirror; I put up a picture of Cassandra's face on it and masturbated hard, trying to imagine myself fucking her out of revenge. Show her what she's missing. 

I thought to myself: Why can't I talk to girls! Why won't they give me a second look! God I just want to fuck someone! I felt myself about to cum; I looked up at the mirror and my target. When suddenly my body disappeared. I stopped Wanking. I had turned invisible, I felt myself cum and all that I could see was Cassandra's face, covered in my cum. I was panicking. I couldn't see my penis, but I could feel it. What do I do? Do I call my parents? No, what would Spock do? He would evaluate what's happening, scientifically. I looked back at the mirror and suddenly my reflection started to return. I looked back down at my hands and they came back into view too. I cleaned up my mess and went to bed, but I couldn't sleep.

I was thinking about Cassandra, and how much I wanted to fuck her. I was thinking about how I turned invisible, what's happening to me? I began to wonder if I could do it again, I started to fantasize about using it to see Cassandra naked, I got another rock hard boner and felt frustrated, maybe I just imagined it. I pulled the covers up to wank again. 

"Ahhhhh!!! My bodies gone!"

My mom came rushing in. "What?! What is it honey?"

I looked up at her, my hands were visible again.

"Oh, nothing Mom, just a bad dream, that's all."

***

The next morning I woke up with an idea. Whenever I get turned on I turn invisible. Today I'm going to see Cassandra naked! I had to wait half the day for gym class, which is the class right before lunch, and when all the girls shower. 

My teacher walked in and announced, today we have a new Student. Everyone give a warm welcome to Melody. In walked a girl, with messy, long dark brown hair, deep blue eyes, a little dark eye shadow, she was chewing gum and wearing a leather motorcycle jacket. Her tits were average but her tight jeans made her ass perky and firm looking.

She sat next to me and didn't say a word to anyone. She isn't going to fit in, at this small town high school, I thought. She glanced over at me and began to stare.

"Nice Shirt."

I was wearing my favorite Ramones shirt, my favorite punk band from the 80's.

"Oh, um... Thanks."

The class went by slowly as I waited for Gym class, it was co-ed. Cassandra and the other cheerleaders used this time for practice. When she saw me she smirked an evil grin. I ignored her. We played Dodge ball. The other girls in the class had to wear the standard gym attire, gym shorts and jersey type things with the school name on it. 

Melody, the new girl, was playing with anger; all the balls she threw landed hard and left a mark. Dodge ball was the one sport I was good at. I was the last man standing after dodging and catching. Melody was about to throw a ball at me when I lightly and quickly sent one at her. It hit her just as she was about to throw and lost her aim, it went flying at Cassandra. It hit her right in the head, she fell over, and she was pissed off. A crowd of people surrounded her. Melody just shrugged it off. 

"Oh well." She said under her breath.

The Gym teacher blew her whistle. "Ok! Early lunch."

The boys and girls divided into the two changing rooms. In the change room I took off all my clothes and went into the steaming showers. I thought about getting revenge on Cassandra and seeing her naked. I immediately got an erection and disappeared. I slithered past all the naked boys and tip-toed out the door. I slowly opened the door to the girls change room and crept in. I stuck to the wall. I was met with 20 smoking hot chicks in various stages of undress. Some were taking their training bras off to reveal their perky little tits. I searched around for Cassandra. I didn't see her, I started heading to the showers, sneaking past all the girls, dodging arms and some of the larger boobs that were sticking like obstacles for me. I turned the corner of the lockers in the change room and was startled by seeing Melody's naked body standing at her locker. She was getting out her towel. She had perfect, small and firm looking tits. She shaved her pussy and was surprisingly fit. 

I decided to follow her to showers. As I thought that's definitely wear Cassandra would be, if she was anywhere else.

When we entered the showers I was surprised to find five different girls just standing there. Cassandra at the center of them. 

"So..." Cassandra said seductively. "Melody was it?"

"Ya, that's right. Hey no hard feelings about earlier, it was just an accident after all." Melody had a sexy rasp to her voice.

"Oh, I'm afraid we do things differently here." Two of the girls were circling around behind her. "You see, hear when someone does something bad they get punished for it."

I couldn't believe what was happening. 

"What are you gonna do?"

The two girls, who had circled around her, suddenly grabbed her arms and carried her forward. Melody struggled as she was brought to her knees before Cassandra. 

"What the fuck are you gonna do to me? You crazy bitch!!"

"Well, we're just gonna have some fun with you, that's all."

The other two girls grabbed Melody's ankles and spread her legs wide for Cassandra. One of the girls holding her arms covered Melody's mouth as she tried to Scream. Cassandra slowly got down on all fours and started stroking Melody's dripping clit. Melody was squirming but it slowly subsided as she felt the pleasure that bitch was bestowing. Cassandra suddenly lunged forward and engulfed Melody's warm pussy. Probing her with her tongue, cries of pleasure and terror could be heard softly from Melody.

I snuck around to the other side to get a better view. I thought of helping her but I was so turned on I lost all sense. I stroked my shaft as slowly as I could to elongate this experience. 

Melody stopped struggling as hard; as Cassandra inserted one of her fingers. After a few seconds she inserted two fingers, then three, then her whole fist. Melody was screaming through the hand covering her mouth. Cassandra inserted it so far it broke her Virgin Pussy. Melody Screamed out of pain. Cassandra pulled out.

"Bring her over to the showers and clean her up."

They turned on the water, over her limp body, washing away the blood. Ten minutes later they grabbed her again and she regained consciousness. This time she didn't try to scream though, she just had a nasty smirk on her face.

"Can I help this time?"

"Of course silly."

The girls let go of her. Melody lunged forward at Cassandra and started sucking on her Clit. Cassandra moaned softly. Melody reached for a bar soap and began inserting it into Cassandra's Pussy, it slipped in and she moaned ecstatically with pleasure. The other girls were masturbating each other as they watched. Melody began to pump harder and faster. Cassandra started screaming with pleasure before she released torrents of pussy juice, squirting all over Melody's face. She collapsed in ecstasy. Melody gave her a few minutes to recover.

The Other girls were now giving each other head and inserting things out of pleasure. Melody grabbed Cassandra's leg and guided it into her ready pussy; she did the same with her foot. Cassandra followed her lead, grabbing Melody's foot and guiding it inside her too. They pulled each other in and out, in and out.

I began wanking at light speed. I was going to cum any second. Melody and Cassandra both started moaning too and then screaming. They both started squirting torrents of their cum over each other, bursting out after every thrust. I felt myself about to cum standing over them; I quickly turned and faced the wall, Cumming harder than I had ever cum before. Just as they finished, they glanced over at me. I was stunned. They weren't looking at me. I turned around, still invisible. Three freshmen girls were staring, their jaws dropped. Cassandra still recovering shouted at her minions to grab them.

I took this as my opportunity to escape; I slithered back into the boys change room shower, just as I started becoming visible again. I washed my cock and got dressed and decided to go home early, I needed to recover as well. I signed out at the office.

I saw the public bus pull up to the stop across the school's long parking lot, I dashed across for the bus. I reached it just as the doors were closing and slammed into them. The bus driver opened them and gave me a look like what the fuck are you doing, I shook my self off and got on, embarrassed. I paid and as I turned I saw Melody sitting and laughing at me. 

"What? That's the only way to catch a bus in this town."

"It was very affective."

I sat down next to her, I felt oddly connected with her after secretly sharing in her dark and lustful experience. 

"So, why are you going home early?" She asked me still smiling. 

"I just felt beat after Gym class."

"Ya, I needed to get away from that bitch, Cassandra."

We both laughed secretly taking away a different meaning from that remark.

"Ya, she is Bitch."

We both laughed.

"Hey, we should hang out sometime and listen to old Ramones records."

I couldn't stop smiling until I got home, maybe I'll peep on her again sometime.