 As in everyday life, in some form or another, we all are trapped in our own self-created prison of sorts. So for some of us, we prefer to exist in a Fantasy World, a realm of unknown life and love. To have some force within our mind that can be turned on, off or changed at will. This sort of avenue or adventure can open up your mind and release images and feelings to entice your mind, body, and spirit. Remember, this story has been contrived solely by the imagination of the writer for pure enjoyment. And am in hopes that it will affect others in some way, whatever that way is...


She stands alone, atop a rock over looking the Valley of Romese, or as her people call it "Valley of Death". The enormous city is alight with color to differentiate itself from any other. This color illuminates the clear bubbles of glass that enclose the surface residents of this magnificent city. The triple sun gives off an effective shine that reflects in purple hues across the barren land beyond. She knows once she enters this place, her life, as she knows it, will cease to exist. She knows he waits for her.

It has been a long journey. A journey of growing strength, effort and self-sacrifice for this woman of the Outer Rim. This journey has been a generational experience for all women of her stature. For the privileged few, which were born with this mark, it was predestined for them to take this life crossing. They are to travel to the Valley of Romese to claim their place of heritage and history. Once the marked child grows to be age of 25 she is expected to make this perilous journey, of life and death. "The People" are in the belief that this journey is to complete the life cycle, of these chosen few.

She is hungry, and tired. She knows she needs to find food and rest prior to continuing on her quest. She scans the horizon and sees a grouping of Finesks trees. The tress are in full bloom, which signifies fresh water and fruit. This will provide a must needed burst of strength and energy. 

She mounts up, on her most loyal companion, "Serril". Even though he comes from the feared Grantenal background, he is completely devoted to his master. His sleek, black coat shines in the purple reflection of the triple sun. His horns are at full length, to show the maturity of such a magnificent male. His powerful, animal body moves in stride to cover the distance in short order. His wings are kept tight against his body, for they are not needed for such a short distance of travel.

As they approach, they smell the air. It is filled with the pungent aroma of the blossoms from the trees. The fruit is at it's ripest and will surely satisfy, its juices are overflowing and ready to be consumed. She partakes of the bright blue fruit and fresh water for which she is ever grateful. Sleep will come later for it is a luxury that can not be entertained.

They move on toward the City, toward uncertainty, towards "him". As they approach the opening to the entrance, she notices a guard. She expected this. The guard asks "What right do you have to enter the Valley of Romese?" She knew this was coming, "I am here to claim my right of passage for the Outer Rim People." The guard nods, "We have been expecting you, and so have Jaldare." The invisible plate of glass opens for her to enter, she continues on her way.

Once inside, she digests the scene in front of her. Buildings of material that shimmers in the light, people that look so different from her own. Yet somehow familiar at the same time. Instinct tells her to move towards the largest building. There standing in front of this building was "him", Jaldare. He can only be described as remarkable. Tall, very tall, with wide shoulders, and a thick muscle massed frame. Dark hair so black that it reflects a blue cast. It falls to mid back and is pulled back by a tie. Beautiful copper skin with striking facial features, and sparkling silver eyes. He waits for her, patiently. He has been trained in the art of Zeneil "Taking of". She has also been taught in the fine art of Zeneil, but her life is to be scarified from this experience. He has been waiting for her for an eternity. She is apprehensive, and is curious as to who will make the first move. Eyes lock, breaths catch, each observing the behavior of one another. His gaze tells her, come to me.

She dismounts Serril and hands his lead to a child that appeared out of nowhere. He leads Serril away; her knowing that she will never see him again. She hesitates than moves forward, directly toward Jaldare. He takes her hand in his, and leads her inside. His home was majestic, dark masculine colors were used throughout. This home was a direct reflection of the person standing next to her, very masculine, very sexy, and very male. He leads her up the winding stairs to a huge bedchamber that was designed just with her in mind. He turns and leaves her.

The room is dark. The luminary cast from the dancing candles was soothing, hypnotic. To the left stood a bed that seemed larger than life. The canopy was draped with lace to add a feminine touch. Directly ahead was a fireplace, which covered the entire wall. The fire that burned was talking to her, it whispered her name, and caressed her body from afar. To the right of her was a sunken tub, big enough for four. The scent in the room was intoxicating, musky, stimulating, something fresh, and sweet. Very indistinguishable, very sultry, very arousing. She waited as she communicated silently with the flames of the fire.

Two beautiful women come in holding baskets. She notices immediately that they are unclothed. They both have supple bodies, with round breasts, and long soft pink hair. They instruct her to remove her garment, she complied. One woman asked her to immerse into the tub. As she sank down, and let the warm water envelop her, she immediately felt herself relaxing. The flowers that were floating on the surface gave off a spicy, erotic scent. Her head felt light, and her whole body began to feel recharged, regenerated, reborn. The women joined her in the tub. One began washing her hair while the other washed her body. Upon leaving the tub she was asked to lay down on the bed, face down. Each woman approached the bed and began to rub down her entire backside. Pressing a light scented oil into the muscles and skin to relieve any tension or stress she may feel. She begins to enjoy the administrations of the women. The exotic feel of the oil was awakening all of her senses. They tell her to turn over, she does. They begin their assault on the front side of her. Slowly pressing into muscles to extricate any residual stress. As they rub they begin to come closer and closer to areas of her body that were craving attention, screaming for stroking. Soft delicate hands pass over her brown nipples, making her arch. They stoke the area at the apex of her legs, making her whither. They begin to caress her with their mouths, as well as with fingers and hands. Her skin feels flush, her nipples harden, her core tingles. She wants more, but doesn't know how to ask for it. She arches her back up, thrusting her full, round breast in the air. Pushing for more, needing more, wanting more. Jaldare watches from the large chair next to the fireplace. Watching the storm raging in her, watching her body move with unfulfilled passion.

She is beautiful, striking. Long blonde hair, large full breasts, long shapely legs. Heat radiated from her so overwhelmingly that he was being physically seared. He was rock hard. So turned on by the way she moved that he felt motionless. Unable to move, or the moment would be lost forever. She turned her head and found him watching, waiting, wanting. The passion that was being reflected in her gold eyes was devastating, crippling. He couldn't wait any longer. He approached the women. Ready to fulfill his obligatory calling for the Zeneil. He was on fire for her. Sweat bedded upon his upper lip from restraint. He couldn't take his eyes off her passion filled body.

Her eyes were looking directly into him, her mouth was slightly open, with her breath coming in short pants. He reaches out and caresses her thigh. His hand burns, leaving an impression of his handprint upon her skin. This area glows white for a few seconds and dims. He rubs her belly, low, and feels the same burning sensation. Again a white light glows from within from his touch. She feels his touch, she aches from the exquisite burning he is creating just by caressing her body. He excuses the other women; he wants her to himself. He leans over to kiss her mouth and inhales her scent. Her scent was heady, sexy, and sensual. He applied just the right pressure for pleasure. She reacts quickly; she impatiently pulls on him towards her body. She wants to feel the entire length of him against her. She claws at his garments, wanting to release him. Hands and fingers explore each other as Jaldare's clothes were shed. He wants to taste all of her. He wants to know her whole body. 

He starts tasting her at the neck and throat. Than moves very slowly down to her breasts, and begins gently sucking on her nipples. They are swollen from passion and aching with need. He takes one nipple into his mouth than the other. He moves down the belly and settles between her legs. She is absolutely on fire, and can't seem to contain herself from emitting sounds of pleasure. As she whispers phrases of a sexual nature, a mist mingles with her breath, and begins to fill the room. This mists settles on everything, exposed in the room, creating a snow-capped appearance. The temperature did drop slightly, just enough to mix with the heat of the moment. Just enough to add another ingredient to the ambiance of the scene, and add to the sensations in the atmosphere. Her hips were gyrating and moving to help the erotic desire he is creating with his mouth and each tongue. The two tongues worked in unison and separately to give full heightened pleasure. He then slipped his finger inside; it was hot inside, very hot. He was burning again, on fire for her. She was glowing from the intense sensations she was experiencing, and he was generating. Something powerful was building inside her; her whole body was inflamed. Ready for release, reaching for release. As she exploded, glass shattered, and glistening snow capped items busted apart. The pressure from her release was so strong that her completion was channeled into the current realm of being, affecting the physical presence. 

She wanted him even more now, craved him. The pressure may have been released but the passion was growing even stronger. She whispered to him to lie down on the bed. She began kissing and laving his body. Along his arms and shoulders, across his chest, stopping at his nipples. Giving attention to each of them, giving to him what he gave to her. She worked her way down to his belly, and lower. She breathed on his hard shaft. Her hot breath swirled around his member like a blanket; he felt the slight pressure of that blanket. She than took him into her hot, wet mouth. Her two tongues surrounded his rock hard member, while her lips were pulling very gently. She massaged him and worked him into a frenzy of desire. He was shaking, trying to keep from going over that edge. His whole body was tense as she continued her concentration of licking and sucking. Wanting him to explode as she did. She took him to the depths of certain release, of certain fulfillment. As her hot mouth and wet tongues worked in unison, he exploded in a burst of brilliance.

She began to caress and massage his body to revive the spent passion. It wasn't long until he sprang back to life. She than moved to straddle him. He sank deep, penetrating into her waiting warmth. Slowly they began to move, slowly moving to experience the erotic sensation. They made sliding movements back and forth, up and down, whatever felt just right. Bodies moved in patterns of delight, rubbing and pushing, trying to reach the top. They were grinding and pumping as hard and as fast as they could go. They found a rhythm, a rhythm that will take them to the stars. They were both burning, from the inside out, and were glowing white hot. The entire room was filled with this light, bathing all within. Both had streams of moisture upon their bodies from effort spent. From striving to reach the pinnacle of passion. By changing their movements, changing rhythms, changing pressure they can elicit the most exquisite, erotic feeling each has ever experienced. They exploded together. Each of them emanated that white light from within, washing their whole body in brilliance. Her light was tearing through her skin, breaking the surface. She was becoming one with the light. She arched back as thousands pinholes of light beamed out of her body, and exploded into a million pieces. Her entire being was no more. Silver dust flakes dropped out of the air and settled on the ground, covering the entire bed with her essence. The Zeneil had been fulfilled. She was no more.

It was time; it was his time now. He started to slowly fade, his being becoming a whisper of it's former self. Like shimmering water flowing away, his body rippled. He was feeling himself become lighter, less dense. He knew he was fading, but it was right. It felt right. He realized that he was floating within a cloud, on his way to fulfill his destiny of the Zeneil. By sharing the act, as they had, with such force, and passion, he had become a sacrifice himself, or so he thought. Than he saw her. She was the same shimmering form as he. They hadn't disappeared, she hadn't sacrificed herself for The People, they emerged. He also was among the chosen. The Zeneil was a passageway to the next form of life, the next level of awareness. The chosen ones right of passage. The next after thy.