 Chapter 1

The klutzy hero

This is my story. My name is or was Aaron. I was a pretty normal guy, 5 foot 8, brown hair, about 140 pounds. When the story first starts I am not overly muscular but not a complete wimp either. I was 24 and I felt like my life needed a boost. 

I always longed to be a ladies man. I thought of myself as attracting the ladies like Bond, James Bond, or perhaps like Tom Cruise, or any of the other Hollywood male actors that seemed to not be able to keep the pretty women off of them. 

I worked a regular job, helping a small company piece together good solid drivable cars out of two wrecked cars. It was not a fancy job but it did let me get a good set of wheels for about half the cost of what a used car of the same age and mileage would be. I ended up with a nice Camaro in dark royal blue. It was a recent year and had pretty much all the things you could want in a car. The one thing it lacked was a woman to keep me company while I drove it. 

That sounds a little petty I guess, but I really was tired of living my life alone and spending most of my nights with my hand as company. I lacked a bit of confidence when it came to talking to and asking women out. Part of the problem was I only had a 5 inch penis. I know that may not sound too bad, I am sure there are guys out there that have smaller ones. I just never met any of them. I was always the "little man" on the team when it came to the pecking order of penis size in high school. 

Getting out of high school should have ended that nagging concern of mine but it didn't. Maybe it was because I never managed to scrape up enough ambition or money to afford to go to college. Maybe it was because I never put my self forward if I could help it. I really don't know, or , at least I didn't know back when all this started.

I had tried some of the home remedies for small penis size. None of them seemed to have any affect, other than to temporarily inflate my size or stretch my penis a little. It remained the same 5 inches no matter what I did. 

I decided to go to the mall that one fateful day. Going to the mall was a way to get out and kill some time while taking advantage of the air conditioning and the chance to watch the pretty women that always seemed to throng to places like the mall. 

I was taking a turn around the mall, looking at all the little shops and the large department stores that make up the attraction of the place. I was just passing by an old worn out Spencers on my way to a small bookstore when I caught sight of a very small store nestled between them.

I did not recall this store being here before. I stopped and looked at the front of the store. It appeared to be decorated like something out of a medieval fantasy. I thought that perhaps it was something to do with the Lord of the Rings movie that had come out some time before or maybe it was planning on taking advantage of the upcoming Hobbit movie that was soon to hit the screens in December. I decided to take a look inside to see what they had to offer for sale.

As I walked towards the door of the store it seemed like the sounds of the mall became just a little hushed. "Nice acoustic baffling", I thought, being aware of how that is done after working on several upscale automobiles that had that kind of technology. The funny thing was I could not see any sign of the necessary foam or surfaces nor did I see any speakers or other equipment that might have been used to do that. I put it out of my mind as a curiosity and entered the store. 

The first thing I noticed was the long bar like counter that formed an L shape. The short part of the L went off to my right and the long part spread out quite a ways into the store in front of me. There was a cash register near the angle of the L and small sets of jewelry trees at intervals down the length of the two legs of the L. 

I looked around the rest of the store and found a number of books in tall book cases along the wall. It was funny, the space inside the store seemed almost too large for the area is had to be taking up in the mall. I pushed that rather irrelevant thought out of my head and started to examine some of the small display cases that were standing between the counter and the bookshelves on the walls. The display cases were made of glass with various things laid on them, in no particular order or arrangement that I could see. 

I was beginning to wonder if the store was open as I had not spotted a clerk yet. Since I was just looking I did not worry too much but thought that all that jewelry sitting out like that would be very tempting for someone who was thinking of larceny.

It was at that point that I noticed someone moving from the door to the mall quickly towards the counter. It was a man, about five foot 11 or so, and probably weighing close to 200 pounds. He looked at me like I was not there and proceeded to go to the nearest jewelry tree and started putting the pieces off the tree into his pockets. 

I was torn at what to do. The man obviously thought I was no threat and he was completely ignoring me. I really do not like thieves. I always felt that someone who stole was the lowest form of life. They take what is not theirs and then we all have to pay for it with higher insurance rates and less money to live with day to day. I got so angry thinking of this that I stopped thinking and went up to the man and put my hand on his shoulder and said, 

"put that stuff back." 

The man turned, sizing me up quickly and then gave me a push that sent me crashing to the floor. I managed to miss the glass cases but the floor was polished hardwood and it lived up to its name as my head tapped against the floor. 

The next thing I knew. I was hearing a loud buzzing sound, kind of like a million bees had all got together inside my head. The I saw a little circle of light, that slowly got bigger. The buzzing faded as the circle of light became the shop, with me on the floor. I saw the would be thief, also laying on the floor, unconscious. 

There was a small wizened man , with a white beard and hair, in an old style pin striped suit with a vest, looking down at me. He had a little sparkle in his eye as he patted me on the shoulder and told me to wait a bit so the emergency squad he had called could get here. 

"What happened?" I said.

The store slowly came into even clearer focus. 

"It was the oddest thing" said the little white haired man. 

"I was in the back and heard you speak loudly to that other character", he said. 

Looking at the would be thief who was still out cold. 

"I was just in time to see that man push you away from him and see you fall. What was funny was as you fell your feet tangled with his and he also fell. He appears to have hit his head on the corner of one of my glass display cases."

"He is not dead!, is he"? I asked in horror. 

"No no, not at all, he is breathing but I did not want to move him in case I would make it worse, not that I have a whole lot of sympathy for someone who had half of my jewelry in his pockets when he tripped and fell."

The paramedics showed up a few minutes after that, with the police on their heels. The little old shop owner explained what had happened and even had video of what happened. I did not even realize the store had cameras but it was obvious from watching and listening to the video that I was not involved in the aborted robbery and it even looked a little bit like I was just a bit of a hero, though a battered one. 

The paramedics did not see any reason to take me with them after examining me and not finding anything other than a small goose egg where my head had kissed the floor. They did take the would be thief with them and a policeman was also with them as they carried the injured man out to their ambulance. 

"Well son, it is not everyone who would try to stop a burglary in process, I would like to thank you in some way" said the little old man. 

"That is alright," I said. 

"Maybe you could spare me a few ibuprofen as I imagine my head is going to be sore for the next few days," I said. 

"Oh, I think I could manage that at least" the little man said with a twinkle in his eye. "Surely there is something you have wanted that I might be able to give you?" 

The little mans eyes became an even more brilliant shade of blue and I found my self telling him that what I needed he could not give me, but thanks anyway. 

"Oh, I don't know", he said, "I can be pretty resourceful when in comes right down to it." 

I was too embarrassed to tell the old man that my deepest desire was to have a larger penis, it seemed too petty and much to personal to bring up. 

The old man stared at me for a little bit, almost like he realized I was not going to tell him anything and he smiled. "Well, at least take this little memento of your visit to my shop." 

He handed me a small statue, which I looked at carefully. I turned it over in my hands and noticed engraved on the bottom of the statue was a curious set of letters, looking like S'R'US 1 W. 

"This might also help you relax and make your head feel better," said the little shop owner. 

He handed me a small packet that was labeled, Head tension relaxer. "I would strongly advise you taking what is in the packet before you lay down so you can get a good nights sleep," the man said. 

I would suggest not taking if you are going to be driving or operating heavy machinery." warned the little man. 

I pocketed the small packet thinking I might try it when I got home

The rest of the statue was more or less like a little leprechaun, but the face on it looked curiously like the little white haired man that had handed it too me. "That is a very special good luck charm, straight from the old country, Ireland. It is said that if you have a hearts desire and wish for it while holding that statue it will come true," said the little old man. 

I was a bit embarrassed by all this and thanked the man for the gift and headed out to my car. I felt like going home and putting some ice on my head as the paramedics had suggested and laying down and taking a nice nap. I decided I was well enough to drive home so I found my Camaro and drove carefully home, trying to avoid any bumps or other disturbances that might jostle me.

Chapter 2

Home alone

It was an uneventful drive home, though my head was beginning to pound a bit more by the time I made it to my small one bedroom efficiency near campus. Near campus, you would think I would have more luck with the ladies, living near a major university that had thousands of female scholars attending every year. 

I did not live near campus for that reason, rather the little one bedroom apartment was the most affordable place I had found that still offered some privacy. There were cheaper places to stay if you did not mind sharing a house or living in a rooming house but I really liked the convenience of having my own bathroom and kitchen. The kitchen was actually just a sink, a hot plate, and a microwave nestled into what was probably once a very small foyer between the main room and the enclosed porch. I did have a refrigerator but it was in the main part of the apartment sharing space with the bed and my desk and an old wardrobe. The heat and electricity was provided with the monthly rent at a price that would shock some of the yuppies I was casual friends with. 

I looked in the small freezer section of my refrigerator and found an old bag of frozen peas. I had written 'not for human consumption' on the bag in sharpie to warn me or anyone else not to eat the peas. I had used the peas in the past for cooling down bruises and other minor bumps and burns that happen when you are working with sheet metal, welding torches, and heavy objects. The peas work great but they had been thawed and frozen so many times that I am guessing they were no longer fit for anything but use as my low coast ice pack. I put the peas back in the freezer but in front where I could find them easily.

I took a quick shower, noting my penis had not magically grown any since my previous shower. I gingerly washed my hair, being careful to not scrub too hard where the bump on my head was still beating a small tattoo of pain. I got done and dried off, thinking it was about time to run the towel I use for that purpose through the wash. I do not go through towels all that often as I wash thoroughly so that all the towel did was dry up water, not absorb much oil from my skin. It did need to be washed every 3 to 6 months as it accumulated dead skin cells and picked up that used aroma after a number of months. 

I made my self some tomato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich. I wanted the comfort food to relax and hopefully let me sleep. 

I turned the packet labeled Head tension relaxer over in my hands noting it did not have any directions written on it like most remedies I have used. 

I carefully opened the packet and found it contained a small amount of gray powder. When I opened the packet, there was another bit of writing on the inside hidden by the flap that had sealed it. The writing said, dissolve in water or other non alcoholic beverage. 

I felt a little better about taking the powder as it did have some directions. I found a small class and half filled it with water and poured the gray powder into the water. I was a little shocked by what I saw when the powder touched the water. There was almost a soft glow and the powder turned the water a light tan. 

The aroma was like a cross between tea and chocolate milk and was one of the nicest smelling medicinals I had ever experienced. I took a tentative taste and it tasted slightly sweet but not heavy. It flowed down my throat smoothly and before I knew it I had drank all of it. I grabbed the bag of peas and placed it near the statue in preparation for sleep. 

I placed the small statue of the leprechaun on the headboard of my bed and looked at it again. The powder I had taken seemed to be having a quick effect as I felt an odd affection for the little leprechaun as I undressed and climbed into bed. The last thing I remember was the little leprechaun statue winking at me as sleep over took me. 

Chapter 3

The transformation

The first part of my sleep was uneventful as far as I could tell. I woke up once to use the bathroom and realized I had forgotten to place the peas on the bump on my head but since I did not feel any pain I shrugged it off. What I did not realize was that when I had placed the bag of peas on the headboard I had nudged the small statue. When I got back into bed the small statue fell from the headboard and landed just to the right of my pillow.

The second part of my sleep was not as restful as the first part. I started having odd dreams. The dream started out fine in that I was walking in a park, it was a warm summer day, and the sun was shining down making everything bright and clear. 

I was engaged in my normal activities of girl watching but for some reason I was watching the girls as if I was comparing myself to them. I was noting their clothing, thinking that was a cute top or that was a nice bottom that would show off my ass really nicely. 

I did not seem to think it was odd that I was thinking about how the clothing would look on me, only that some of it seemed like it would flatter my figure and that others were not ones I would wear. 

In my dream I noticed I was being followed by a small man with a little pointy hat and shoes with the toes turned up. I stopped and turned, wondering why the little man was following me. The little man smiled and waved and then said, 

"Hello there!, I am be a thinking you want a change to your life do you not?" 

I smiled at the Irish brogue coming out of the small mans mouth. I said, "Have you been talking to the little old man in that shop?" 

"Aye, I have been in communication with him." said the very small man. "He was a thinking you might be having a hearts desire that maybe I could be a helping you with." 

"Well, yes, I do but it is very private and I am not sure if I should tell you what it is" I replied a little nervously. 

"I canna help you if you do na tell me what it is you are desiring" the very little man said. 

I felt my face grow warm as I thought of what I really wanted. I had wanted a large penis, like my friend Carl's, Carl had a good 8 inches of penis and he always had women around him. I stuttered a little. "Well I a well, ahh , errr, I would like to have a 8 inch penis!" I finally blurted out. 

The very small man laughed heartily and said. "Is that all? That being the easiest thing in the world for a me to be a helping you with!" "Let me make sure you will be enjoying your hearts desire to the fullest, is it all right if I do that for you?" The little man's eyes glowed as he asked me that question.

"Yes", I said. 

The little man capered around me, waiving his hands, smiling and chanting. "When you a waken up you will be a getting your hearts desire. You will be a enjoying it the the FULLEST and you will a remember that I did ask you and you agreed. The deed is done, the die is cast, you will have the most luscious tits and ass. Your pussy will take a 8 inch cock and you will not ever want it to stop. No longer Aaron, small of dick and shy, but now will be Alice, as lovely as a sigh." 

In my dream I realized that I was now a dream come true. My chest had swollen to contain what looked to be 38DD breasts and my waist had nipped in to small 24 inches. My hips had expanded to 36 inches and as I looked down I could see my ass pertly filling the back of my jeans. My legs had changed, and I fell my toes pointing forward and down and realized I was on 4 inch heals. I felt hair, long, luscious, and the color of strawberries cascading down my back. 

"Yes yes yes you are a doll to take the heart of any man. You will have all the 8 inch cocks you can desire by just smiling." chortled the small leprechaun. 

"Oh my god", I gasped. "I wanted to be a man with a 8 inch penis, not a woman who can be fucked by one!" I said in dismay. 

"Ho ho, what is a done is a done and canna not be undone" laughed the Leprechaun. "You should have been a remembering that the wee folk might be a giving gifts but that they be a gifts that we be a wanting to give, not so much as what you were a thinking you be a wanting," smiled the leprechaun.

The small face got serous for a second. "You will be enjoying this gift, and it will save you to live a long and full life, left as you a were, you would a come to grief in a few short years, try to be a remembering this when you wake for it may be a bit of a shock when you answer the door to your apartment." 

Chapter 4

My first

What a weird dream, I thought, as I slowly begin to wake. That has to be the oddest dream I have ever had. I slowly regained consciousness with that thought in my head, when I noticed that I was clutching a small object in my hand. I slowly opened my hand, looking at the object and saw the small statue.

The statue had changed from a leprechaun standing and smiling up at you to the same leprechaun bowing with his hat in his hand. I examined the statue, thinking I had broken in in my sleep but realized the statue was solid and unbroken. 

In my examination I noticed the odd lettering on the bottom of the statue had changed. It now read S'R'US 0 W. That is odd, I thought it said S'R'US 1 W when I first looked at it. 

I shook my head and then suddenly realized something was very wrong. I normally have my hair fairly short, to keep it out of the way when working on cars. When I shook my head I noticed that a very full head of hair moved. 

I then noticed the hand holding the statue, while still my hand, was smaller, more delicate. The nails were shaped and colored like a woman's and there were no calluses on it. My eyes moved to my chest and then I saw them, large rounded and topped with nipples that looked like they were made to be sucked. 
