 I will quickly recap the first story, please check it out before reading this one if you would like. My sister, Mia, was the greatest friend and person I ever knew. When she was a Senior in High School, she contracted a virus that effected her immune system. Just before she passed to the other side, she asked me to show her what sex feels like. Loving my sister, I could not deny her last wish. Now on to part two.

*****

It has been a few months since my sister passed away. It has been hard for our family and her many friends to cope with the tragedy of her death. We have done our best to celebrate her life and the effect she had, while living, on everyone she met. My parents have practically gone mad, but I am doing my best to hold them together. I know she was their favorite child and I am okay with that. It is not that I am a bad person or don't get good grades in school myself. When you have such a gift from God, like Mia, it is hard for her not to be your favorite.

I have dreamt about her a few times at night. I often wonder if it is just memories playing through my mind, reminding me of her or if she is visiting me. Many people do not believe in ghosts or spirits or whatever you call them and that is fine. I am not sure if I can totally understand the thought of them myself, but it feels like she is hear when I am dreaming of her. Most of my dreams are of us playing as children, telling each other secrets and talking in her bedroom as we became older. There is this one reoccurring dream that really gets to me though.

I have had a reoccurring dream at least three times over the last week and a half. In the dream, Mia is sitting next to me on the bed. She is stroking my hair and asking me how I am coping. I never speak in the dream, but I am lying there looking deep into her eyes. She looks as beautiful as she did when she was alive and healthy. Her stroking my hair gives me a relaxing and calming feeling. Her body is grayish/white and almost see-through and with a glow that surrounds her. I don't quite understand how she can be almost see-through as a ghost/spirit and still have the ability to touch me physically. Perhaps ghosts/spirits have the ability to move back and forth between different dimensions. 

Last night, I dreamt that Mia was sitting on the side of my bed, stroking my hair like the two other times. This time however, she told me how thankful she was of everything I did for her while she was sick and that she would do her best to repay me for the love I showed her in her dying days. Her hand moved from my head, down over my shoulder and traveled down my left arm. She had a soft smile on her face and was watching her own hand move. 

I woke up this morning and felt a weird tingling sensation on my left arm. My hairs were standing on end. It was as if she were there and disappeared the moment I opened my eyes. I have thought about the dream all day. I am actually looking forward to going to sleep. I don't know if I will dream about my sister tonight, but I hope I do.

Two weeks have passed and a lot has happened. I am so excited to tell you about my experiences. The reason I have not written in the last two weeks is because I have been so caught up in my reality that I haven't taken time to write it all down. I need to write it down now so that I can look back on these past two weeks in the future and remember the events exactly as they have happened.

It all started the night after I last recorded my experiences. I was fast asleep when Mia visited me. I am certain now that it is not just a dream. How do I know for sure? Let me explain. I was sleeping when I saw Mia in my dreams once again. The dream started as it had the last three times, Mia was sitting on the side of my bed, stroking my hair and talking to me. Her hand moved down my shoulders and arm just like the last dream, though this time I did not wake up right after this. Her hand continued to move up and down my arm and felt so good. After a few strokes, her hand moved onto my stomach and slid under my shirt. Her hand actually disappeared when it went under my shirt. I closed my eyes in my dream and enjoyed listening to her sweet voice start to hum so melody that sounded like a lullaby while she stroked my stomach. 

The sensations that were on my arm the last time traveled to my stomach. It is hard to explain the sensations, but I will try my best. It almost feels like a warm energy, electricity or something. The energy leaves a momentary trail after her hand moves and lasts for a couple of seconds before disappearing. 

Her hand stroked my stomach for what seemed like a long time. When I opened my eyes in my dream, to look at her again, I realized that I truly opened my eyes. I was awake and she was gone. It was as if she vanished in thin air.

I did not dream about her for a couple of nights. After going two nights in a row without seeing my heavenly sister, I was wondering if she would ever return. It was Friday night after I went to sleep that she returned to my bedside. 

This time, as she was stroking my hair, she said, "I only have the strength to stay for so long. The reason I have not visited in a little while is because I have been storing my strength in order to stay here with you longer than normal."

For the first time in this dream I spoke. "Why?" I asked.

"I want to start repaying you for your eternal love you gave me." She said with a solemn look on her face. "I have learned that talking uses a lot of my energy so I will not talk as much anymore, that way I can visit you longer."

She smiled sweetly at me as her hand slid down my shoulders and arm, then under my shirt like the last dream. This time, her hand moved up over my chest, making me feel alive with this mystery energy her touch has on my body. I could not help but smile as her hand moved over my chest. To my complete surprise, as my eyes were closed and enjoying the feel of her touch, I felt her hand slide under my boxers and wrap around my penis. My eyes shot open and she was gone.

I was awake and I mean truly wide awake. My dick was throbbing and rock hard. It took almost an hour for my hard-on to go away. It was at this point that I still wondered if this was all a dream. It was a very good possibility that I could have dreamt it all.

Sunday night, she reappeared in my dream. This dream she told me not to close my eyes. She said, "If you close your eyes in your dream, when you open them, you open them and wake up. I cannot see you when you are awake yet because you do not believe I am more than just a dream. If you keep your eyes open in your dream then you can stay in your dream state longer."

After explaining, she started humming the lullaby sounding melody again, her hands roaming over my arms and chest. Like the last dream, her hand finally slid under my boxers and surrounded my penis. I fought to keep my eyes open in my dream as she softly stroked me. Her hand felt electric and made me feel fabulous down there. I watched her lean in and kiss me on the lips. I could feel the warmth and wetness of her lips as I kissed her back. Without thinking about it, I closed my eyes as we were kissing. It was almost a blink, but slightly longer. When I opened my eyes, Mia and all the sensations had vanished. All that remained were the lingering aftereffects of her touch. I cursed myself for closing my eyes.

The next night, I decided to sleep naked, so that she wouldn't have to reach under my clothes. I told myself over and over throughout my waking moments that I needed to keep my eyes open. I was starting to believe that this was truly real. This was not just a dream, but really happening. She was using my dreams as a way to reach me since I did not fully believe in her as a spirit. I have learned that you have to truly believe with all your heart in spirits/ghosts in order to see them in a waking, conscious state of mind.

Mia did not return to my dreams for another couple of nights. It was Tuesday night when she returned, following the same pattern as all the other dreams. When she started stroking my hard penis and leaned in to kiss me, I reminded myself not to close my eyes. We kissed passionately for a long time, her hand stroking me ever so softly. I believe she did not speak in this dream in order to conserve as much energy as possible. My mind felt like it was completely blown as her soft kisses made my lips numb from prolonged exposure to her energy. My dick also started to feel numb, but in a very good way. 

I remember twice that my eyes started to drift close, but I realized what was happening and shot them open at the very last second. When my sister broke the kiss and pulled her lips away from me, she gave me a long smile. Her face was full of love and pure happiness. She made me so happy by visiting me.

I was getting close to coming and felt my eyes go closed. I wanted to watch my sister's face as she stroked me, but I knew that if I opened my eyes, she would be gone as would the sensations on my rock hard penis. I kept my eyes closed and then experienced what felt like lips around my rock hard penis. I wanted to look and see, but I knew I couldn't. Instead, I kept my eyes closed and enjoyed the intense wet, warm, tingling sensations surrounding the head of my penis. It didn't take more than a few seconds before I was ready to experience an orgasm. 

Just as I was ready to explode, I felt the wet, warm, tingling sensations disappear, but could still feel her hand stroking me fast. I felt my semen shoot onto my chest. The warmth of my come surprised me and my eyes opened. To my surprise, I had really had an orgasm. My chest was wet and sticky and full of semen. I was breathing hard. This was the moment that I almost completely believed my sister was really there in my room.

It was still feasible that this was a dream. After all, there are many cases of lucid dreaming where people have an orgasm in their sleep. Other than feeling her lips pressed against mine, I had never truly felt her though. 

The next few nights I slept naked, anxiously awaiting the return of my sister. To my dismay, she did not return until Saturday night. When she appeared in my dream, I was happy to see her and told her I didn't think she would return. In this dream, she was not rubbing my hair at the beginning. I knew something had changed right away. Her face was solemn and she started speaking.

"I have been elected to participate in a Heavenly research project. I will only be able to visit you one more time before the research project begins. Once it begins, I will not be able to visit you again for awhile. I want you to know that I will still be able to see you and watch over you, but I will not be able to visit. I need you to believe in me and know that I am real in order for me to do what I want."

"Okay." I said, letting her know that I understood. 

I looked deep into her eyes for a few moments before looking down and glancing at the rest of her body. She looked beautiful and healthy, just like she was before she had gotten sick and died. I hoped that she would touch me. It was like she could hear my thoughts.

"I cannot touch you tonight because I am expounding my energies speaking with you. I want to feel you in me one more time, like you did before I die. In order for us to do that, I need you to truly believe that I am real and truly hear with you in your room."

"I believe sis." 

After saying that, she started to fade. "I am weak and must go." I heard her say before she disappeared.

I was so caught up in my own thoughts, trying to figure out what was reality, that I have not written any of this down until now. As the days passed, I convinced myself that my sister was truly there in my room with me each time I dreamt about her. 

My penis has been so hard lately, anticipating my last visit with Mia. Last night, Mia returned to my dream. She was stroking my hair when I realized she was next to me on the bed. I gave her a wide grin, letting her know I was happy she had returned. I am sure she knew it anyways. 

"I am glad you believe." was all that she said to me.

Her hands moved down my shoulder, over my arms, then onto my stomach and over my chest before moving down to my penis. I gasp when her hand surrounded my penis. It had been almost a week since I had felt the intense sensations of her energy around my penis. I grew hard really quickly. 

When she leaned in to kiss me, I closed my eyes and kissed her back. At this point, I became really nervous. I was so caught up in the moment that I didn't think about closing my eyes. It was this moment that I remembered what she had said in previous dreams. I kept my eyes closed for several moments as she stroked my penis and kissed me with more passion than I ever remember feeling from her.

I knew what I needed to do. I had to prove that I believed. I opened my eyes and to my surprise, she was still here. Not only was she still hear, kissing and stroking me, but I was fully awake. I reached up and wrapped my arms around my sister. I kissed her hard, showing her how happy I was.

I could not truly feel her body as I held her, what I felt was the same energy that I feel on my lips when she kisses me around my penis when she strokes me. The energy of her body ran through my fingers and my arms and made me feel more alive than I had ever felt before.

Mia pulled her head back and gave me the sweetest smile I had ever seen from her. "I am glad you believe." she said with a sweet voice.

Here hips levitated off the bed and drifted over me. It was at this point that I remembered she was a ghost/spirit. I watched as she suddenly appeared naked to me. Her body was so beautiful and flawless. My eyes looked her up and down multiple times, burning her image into my memory. 

Her body dropped on top of me. I felt her energy flow through my entire body. It was as if I were lying in the middle of an energy field. My body tingled and felt so good. I held her close against my body as she raised her hips and lowered them down over my hard penis. 

"Holy crap." I exclaimed, gasping for air that was taken away from me.

Never have I ever felt such an unbelievable feeling as I did last night when her Heavenly vagina surrounded my penis. The feeling was hot, and wet and firm and tingly, all rolled into a ball of joy. She leaned down and kissed my chest as my hips pushed forward, pushing all of my hard penis into her walls. Mia moaned softly, with a voice so sweet and melodic. I held onto her hips and slowly thrust my hips up and down. At the same time, my sister ground her hips forward, pressing my penis against the back of her inner walls.

I was not able to tell which sensation was my body's excitement and which sensations were the energy of her body touching mine. I was fully aroused, very horny and making love to my Heavenly sister. Her body adjusted as she leaned forward until her lips were pressed against the side of my neck. She left wet, magical kisses on my neck before I turned my head to kiss her.

We kissed so passionately, her only breaking the kiss to moan into my ear, sending jolts of utter ecstasy through my earlobes. If you have never heard an angel sing, then you are in for a surprise when you make it to Heaven and hear the choir of angels singing. Anyways, my hips and hers were dancing in unison, making magic happen.

I could feel thrusts of energy pounding down against my hips. I thrust my hips back into the energy, feeling her Heavenly inner walls pulsing against my throbbing penis. I did not want this to end. If it could last forever, I would not have complained. Unfortunately, I am human and can only take so much pleasure. 

I grunted and gasp for air before exclaiming, "I am going to come!"

Mia kissed me deeply and ground her hips against me, pushing me over the edge. My penis exploded inside her like fireworks exploding into the sky. Over and over I shot my semen inside her mystical vagina. I held her tightly against me as I gasp for air, my body still shuddering. A tear started to run down my face.

"That was all I hoped it would be." Mia whispered into my ear. I did my best to hold her tight, but felt her upper body float through my hands as she sat up, still straddling me hips. I looked down at her body and saw the weirdest thing. I could see my semen floating inside her foggy body. 

"I will miss you." Mia said softly. She blew me a kiss and said, "Until I see you again."

With that, her body evaporated and disappeared. My semen fell onto the sheets and my body, hitting my lower stomach and upper thighs. I lay there, unable to fully comprehend everything that had just happened. I know now that there is much more to the universe than we can even comprehend as humans. There is no doubt in my mind that she can and will always be looking down upon me and hopefully will someday visit me again. Until then, I will relive the precious moments I have spent with her every waking moment. Because of her, I am motivated to make a difference in this world. To leave a mark on the world in the name of my sister, Mia.