 I want to thank everyone who has voted and left comments on my two previous stories. As a writer, it is encouraging to receive positive comments and ratings. For us writers, that is our only payment for the time and effort we put into our stories. Now, onto the next chapter of this story.



It has been more than a year since I last saw my sister, Mia, in Heavenly form. I know that she is working on a research project in Heaven and do not know how long it will last. To be honest, I am not sure if I will ever see her again before I pass on myself. I have been told that years on Earth are but minutes in Heaven. 

My sister, Mia, is on my mind everyday. I think about her when she was living mostly, but sometimes I think about the nights she visited me in my dreams and how great she made me feel. I have had sex since then and honestly, sex is no longer an interest of mine. It isn't that I don't desire sex, it is just that the pleasure of sex with another human pails in comparison to the pleasure I felt when I had sex with my Heavenly sister's spirit. 

In the past year, I have started a non-profit business that assists less fortunate families. This was my sister's dream, while she was alive, that I am bringing to fruition. She told me the last time I saw her that she could still watch over me. My hope is that she is very proud of me and the difference I am making on Earth, in her name. 

My parents have finally coped with the death of my sister and proudly assist me in my venture. My business is located on Main Street in town. The office is at the end of an old brick building that was built back in the early 1900's. On the side of the brick building, next to my office, I paid to have a huge mural of my sister painted on the side of the two story building. This way, everyone can remember my sister and know why this non-profit business exists. 

I have been keeping a daily journal of my thoughts, hoping to see my sister again. I think this will be my last entry, for awhile anyways, because there is not much new to report. I am going to place the journal on the top shelf of my closet, with all my other collectibles.

Never in my life, would I have ever imagined what happened last night. My hands are shaking as I put this in writing this very moment. It has been two years since I last wrote in my journal. I now have my own apartment down the road from my parents house. Last night was the best night (or day for that matter) of my entire life. My body is still tingling from the sensations I experienced. Let me tell you all about it.

From time to time, I have dreams of my sister, Mia, but the dreams are just memories of the past. The dreams make me smile when I wake because it is nice to see my sister's face and hear her voice again, even if it is only a replay of her. The dreams help me remember her like it was yesterday that she was alive. I don't think I would ever forget her, but the dreams help keep her fresh in my mind.

Last night, I thought I was having another memory dream of my sister. I was very wrong though. She had finally returned to me in real life. She was sitting next to me stroking my hair for a long time. The feeling of her touch was just like I remembered it from the last time she had visited me. My body tingled with an electric-like energy everywhere her body touched me.

Mia finally began to speak. "My brother dearest, I have missed you so much. I am so proud of you for the difference you are making down here on earth. You making a difference in my name makes my heart swell with pride and joy."

She pauses a few moments while continuing to stroke my hair. My eyes are open in the dream, though my body is still asleep and unconscious. I look deep into her beautiful blue eyes which are as dreamy as they always have been. They sparkle like a star in the dark sky. She smiles at me with the largest smile you could imagine then starts speaking again.

"The scientific study I was participating in has completed. I do not know how long I was gone, but I am so glad to see you again. I have watched you from above with beaming pride. Everyone in my study raved about your Earthly achievements and cannot wait to meet you when you finally make it to Heaven."

Her hand starts to slowly move over my shoulder and down my arm. I feel the tingling energy flowing through her fingers as her hand moves down my arm. It feels so wonderful that I don't want her to ever stop touching me. 

"The scientific study involved some of the best scientists in Heaven and a few members like me who are pure of heart. We worked diligently to find a way for the Heavenly spirits to take temporary form of humans, flesh and all." she explained.

"Are you serious?" I asked rhetorically. "And...?"

Her hand moved from my arm to my stomach, sliding underneath my loose teeshirt. I heard myself sigh as her warming energy moved over my stomach, relaxing me and making me excited all at the same time. I waited patiently for her to begin speaking again.

"We have found what we believe to be the solution. They have selected me to test out our results, allowing me to visit you again. I will return to you tomorrow night in the flesh. I do not know how long it will last or how much I will be able to do because we are in the beta stage, but I wanted to let you know beforehand so you would not be totally terrified. I have to go now so I will have the energy to complete the transformation tomorrow night. I love you."

I watched as my sister blew me a kiss and evaporated and disappeared into the air. I was going to wait until tomorrow morning to write this down, but I could not wait. Seeing my sister again was amazing and unbelievable. As time passed, I was unsure I would see her again while I was here on Earth. Now, not only did I get to see her, but I am going to meet her in flesh once again tonight. To be honest, it will be very hard to fall asleep, because I am so wired with energy in anticipation. I will write down the events that happen as soon as I can, so that they will live forever in writing.

Wow! What a miracle. That is the only way I can describe last night. It is almost too surreal, but I will do my best to describe everything. It was almost two in the morning before I finally fell asleep. When I was fully asleep and started to dream, my sister came to me in the spirit form. She stroked my hair until I was aware that she was in my presence. 

When I realized she was here with me, she spoke briefly. "Close your eyes and then open them. When you do so, you will be awake and I will transform to flesh."

I did exactly as she instructed. When my eyes opened, I could see the darkness of the room around me. She was sitting next to me in spirit form for a split second before her body transformed and came alive before me, in flesh. I immediately reached out and touched her arm to see if she was truly in flesh. Her arm was soft and warm and she was truly next to me, alive as you and I. 

She leaned forward and hugged me tightly. My arms wrapped around her. I could not believe that I was holding my naked sister in real life once again. Her body was healthy, not pale and frail like the last few weeks before she passed away. Her warm flesh felt so good against me. Tears of joy started flowing down both of our cheeks. 

"I have missed you so much." I whispered into her ear.

She did not speak, but I could hear her breath and feel it on my neck. Not knowing how long this would last, I pulled her to me until she was lying next to me on the bed. Our lips met and we began kissing passionately. Tasting and feeling her hot, wet lips was amazing. I could feel her heart beating in her chest as she lie with her body pressed up against me. Quickly, I removed my shirt and boxers, joining her naked on top of the bed. 

Without saying a word, I slid down her body and pressed my lips against her breasts. She moaned "Oh yes!" as my lips surrounded her nipple. It blew my mind that she was truly here in the flesh and I was touching her healthy body. Her nipple grew hard in my mouth as I sucked on it. I felt her hips press up against my weight. 

Mia pressed her hands against the top of my head, letting me know to move down further. Like a kid in the candy store, I moved swiftly between her spread legs. My eyes stared at her pink, engorged labia just inches from my mouth. I licked my lips before diving in and lapping at her spreading slit. She moaned softly as my tongue moved up her slit and made contact with her clit. Her hands held my head against her body.

I looked up for a second, taking a mental picture of my sister's beautiful body – the way her flat stomach rose and fell, the bottom of her breast shaped like small, round globes, her blue eyes gazing down at me, her long hair flowing over her bare shoulders.

My tongue dipped inside her wet hole, causing her to moan louder. I wanted to please her, make her feel great, give her an orgasm. My tongue swirled around inside her vagina then slid up her slit and made tiny circles on her clit. I repeated the sequence four or five times before she rolled my body over to the side of the bed. 

Mia rolled on top of me and started stroking my penis as she kissed me with a hungry mouth. "Your hot and hard penis feels so good in my hands." she whispered softly.

Before I could say anything, her body slid down me and she took my hard dick in her mouth. I watched as her lips slid over the tip of my head and started sucking me. Her tongue swirled around the back of my dick, making me feel so good. It was at this moment that I realized this was the first blowjob she had ever given in the flesh.

Tears started flowing down my eyes again and I was sobbing with the realization that my sister was really here and loving me. It felt like this must be a dream. The heat of her body against mine is something that will stay in my memory forever. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the pleasure of her warm, wet lips bobbing up and down on my pole. This lasted for a minute or so before I pulled her body back up to me until we were both on our sides, face to face.

I pulled her face to me and kissed her long and hard as our hips adjusted. She slid her right leg on top of my left hip, giving me access to her sweet spot. My hips pressed forward until my dick came in contact with her body. I pushed my hips further and felt the tip of my dick press between her spread labia. As my dick moved upward, it missed her vagina opening and slip up the inside of her lips then slid over her clitoris.

She moaned in my mouth, making me that much more horny. I felt her hand slide over the base of my dick and guide me to her entrance. I pushed forward and gasp as the head of my penis slid inside her hot, tight walls. It felt as if I could come right there. My body froze for a moment as I did my best to hold back my excitement.

Mia's hips pressed against me, burying me deep inside her. I kissed her hard, pressing my lips against her mouth all the passion I could muster. She pulled her mouth away after a few seconds and gasp for air.

"You feel wonderful inside me. Please make love to me." she whispered in my ear.

"I love you so much." I told her.

"I love you so much." she replied back to me.

Her lips moved to my neck and kissed me hard as our hips began to dance, her feet grinding into my shins for leverage. I could feel our bodies starting to perspire, the sweat acting as a bonding agent. Her breasts pressed against my chest and felt so soft to me. Her heavy breathing and wet kisses on my neck was driving me crazy and overloading my body with pleasure. The slickness of her inner walls, grabbing and squeezing my dick was amazing. 

"I'm not going to last." I exclaimed to her.

"Come inside me. Fill me with you love juice." she said with the sweetest voice in between gasps of air.

"Ugh!" I groaned as our hips slapped against each other.

I WAS MAKING LOVE TO MY SISTER!!! That thought danced over and over inside my brain as I held her hot, sweaty body against me while thrusting my hips against her body. Her hips slamming against me. Unable to hold back any longer, I came deep inside my sister's pussy. 

The feeling was unbelievable. I have realized that sex with others was not as pleasurable because I did not share the love with them that I have for my sister. Not wanting to leave my sister without an orgasm of her own, I continued to thrust my hips, hoping that I would not go limp. 

Mia rolled over to her back, pulling me on top of her and started kissing me once again. She slid her tongue between my mouth and our tongues became intertwined. My hips continued to thrust against her body like a piston. She was moaning and groaning into my mouth until she could no longer breath.

I felt her pull her head away and bury it in the nape of my neck. Wanting to please her, my mouth moved to her neck and started sucking on her neck. I could tell by the strength of her inner walls clasping me that she was getting close to an orgasm of her own.

"Ohhhhhhhhh! This.....feels...awesome." she exclaimed.

My fingers made their way into her hair, using her head for leverage as I pushed deep inside her. Our bodies sounded like to oily paddles smacking against each other as our hips crashed together. Her hips thrusting up as my hips slammed down. I could feel her inner walls trying to milk me for more.

Her hands moved to my back and her nails started dragging up and down my spine. If felt as if she might be tearing flesh as her nails dragged. I felt her legs slide up, her heals digging into the bed, propping her hips into the air. Mia's body locked in place as I slid my dick deep inside of her one more time. Her body started trembling as she held my upper body with all her might. My hips thrust one more time before her body collapsed to the bed. She released a long moan that lasted for seconds.

We held each other tight for what seemed like several minutes. We expressed our love for each other and gratefulness several times as we held each other close. I wondered many times in these minutes if this was really just an unbelievable dream. How could a spirit reincarnate into flesh, bones and blood? I new this was most likely the last time I would see her in my lifetime. Don't ask me how I knew it, I just had a sixth sense about it.

"Oh no. It is time for me to go." Mia exclaimed, breaking the silence.

I had drifted into a semi-sleep state while holding her. Her words immediately brought me back to a conscious state. Mia rolled away from me and pouted her lip. I felt extreme sadness in this instant. 

"Sorry I have to go soon, but I can feel my body transforming." she said to me.

Before my eyes, her flesh and bones transformed back into a spirit form. I was sad that she was leaving, but very grateful that I was able to touch her, smell her, feel her body one last time. I did my best to smile at her.

She smiled back and said, "I love you, brother. We will meet again soon."

"I love you, sis." I said as she started to fade away.

Never in my life will I share this story with people I know. For one, they would never believe me and most likely would consider me mad. Secondly, they would surely belittle and mock me. Therefor, I will keep these memories and experiences to myself, always smiling because of a secret I have. My love for my sister will be seen through the actions of my non-profit organization and all the good we do while I am left here on this Earth.

I will miss my dear, sweet, sister, Mia for the rest of my waking days.