 The mighty warrior Marduk comes home. His Blood soaked blade reeks of death. His cloak smells the same way as he walks through the door, the battle was fierce, his injuries many, but in the end he was victorious like he had been a hundred times before.

"I'm HOOOMMMEE!!" He bellowed and his little elf came bounding from the kitchen. She was a little figure of beauty. She stood only 4'10, as was normal for elves. Her 38C tits bounced as she ran towards him and her long creamy legs stretch upward to kiss him.

Marduk smiled and wrapped his arms around her tiny waist, knowing that she would never reach his lips because of the height difference, and he gave her the kiss she so desired.

Her azure blue eyes gazed back at him when he looked at her. She was wearing his favorite blue dress that was covered by her apron. He loved seeing her like this. Her long Blonde hair was always free falling around her long ears and shoulders. He loved that she never put her hair up. He thought it looked much better draped down her back.

"I was just making dinner for... OOHH!" She moaned as the man she loved snaked his tongue along her long, sensitive ears. He always knew just what to do at just the right time to get her hotter then hell's fires. She was Jell-O within his powerful arms.

"Later. I want a shower now." Marduk winked at her and she blushed and cooed gently leaning against his strong, hard chest. She never could say 'no' to him and she never wanted to. She also knew what he meant because he never showered or bathed alone. She loved that about him. Whenever he was home he was with her at all times.

When he entered their bedroom, His little elf followed closely behind him, her round, firm ass swaying as she walked. She watched and her bright blue eyes shined brightly as her beloved peeled his blood soaked cloths and armor from his body. All of his hard well-formed muscles rippled as he removed the final pieces. His Elf took in a sharp gasp as she looked over his naked form stepping into the shower and then she cooed at him as it disappeared behind the curtain.

"Hurry up!" Marduk called over the sound of the running water. Her ears perked up and she jumped out of her garments faster then a flash of lightning and joined him in the shower.

The floor of the shower was colored pink as the hot water washed the blood from his skin and new blood flowed from the multiple cuts, gashes and welts her had earned in the battle. The little elf looked in wonder at the blood flowing down his body from the wounds and reached out to caress each one as if her touch would make the bleeding stop and heal the wound.

Marduk knew that she had always wondered why he seemed to never feel pain, but the truth was that he enjoyed the sting. He relished in the painful afterglow of battle. He wrapped his massive arms around her small, wet frame and her legs turned to butter at his touch. The combination of hot water and her lover's touch was always too much for her and the smell of her arousal filled the air around them. He held on to her tight and sniffed the air trying to take as much of her scent into his lungs as he could.

She blushed when he inhaled so deeply. She knew that she had been caught in her own arousal. It was her own secret thrill to be caught. It excited her so much so that her legs would become wet with something other then water.

Marduk smiled as the little thing within his arms blushed deeply. He picked up the sponge and gently washed her. He always paid special attention to her large tits and ears and he was never let down as her squeals of pleasure echoed through the house as the traced every line of her long ears with the tongue and toyed with her breasts with his other hand. He soon had to catch her, as her legs lost all will to continue standing under the electric pleasure that he was sending through her body.

When he was done she returned the favor by taking the sponge in her small hands and tracing it over every curve that his muscles made. She giggled as every one tensed when the sponge touched it. She washed clean the cuts and gashes and lightly licked at the welts to try and make them feel better and her lover smiled approvingly. She moved herself down his body and continued to wash his entire 6'6 frame. She squeezed the sponge and took some of the soap in her small hands and then took his cock within them. She gently massaged and rubbed it and it grew within her small hands and she rubbed the soap into his balls as well. She roiled them around in his small hands and squeezed them gently, which brought a gasp forward from her lover’s lips. She had to keep herself from taking him into her mouth right there but patience was one of her virtues and she would wait.

They both raised themselves and stepped out of the shower taking turns with the one towel to dry each other off. They chased after every water droplet with the towel and when it came to Marduk's turn he wiped the few stray drops away with his tongue. Then without any warning he swept her off her feet and carried her to the bed.

His elf sighed gently as she was placed onto the satin sheets and she felt the weight of her lover on top of her. Everywhere his skin met hers tingled with electric pleasure and wanted more and she wrapped her arms around him and pulled him into a deep kiss.

Marduk kissed her back and with one move of his hips buried himself deep within her. There they stayed for an eternity in a lover’s embrace just feeling each other's bodies against each other. This was the most perfect moment of their lives and it was to never end. 

Soon though he started moving within her... retreating then filling her once again. The pace was slow and gentle but the pleasure was swift and great. She sighed and gasped for air as he moved. She bucked against him wildly yet in tune with him at the same time.

He smiled and kissed her then started suckling one of her ears. This was more then she could take and her screams filled the housed as he body arched and tensed. The orgasmic tidal wave hit her full on and she bucked and screamed wildly beneath him. He held her close his own climax near and as her climax started to die down his erupted and this threw her again into another powerful orgasm.

When all had died down they jut laid there together both of them smiling contently. Satisfaction was theirs and this was only the beginning, Marduk still had to "eat his dinner."