 No sex in this part. I'm going to upload a part that's erotic - this is just the set up for the erotic part.

*

A quick jangle of the keys and the bird had already started to make a racket. She could hear him coming to the door and she was hungry. The keys briefly clattered against the door before a faint click was heard and the door began to open. An arm reached in and flipped the switch. 

Rick sighed as the light flooded into the apartment. Leah was squawking up a storm. 

"Alright, alright already. Knock it off!" Rick fussed at the salmon-crested cockatoo as he began digging in the cabinet for her food. He sighed again as he filled a cup with some water. He filled her bowls and left the cage doors open. He tossed a treat stick in the bottom for good measure.

He flopped down on the black leather sofa in the living room and ran a hand through his dark hair. He had to work a double shift today, and he was exhausted. Rick took a deep breath and let it out lowly. He wanted to clear his thoughts before he went to his computer. He kicked off his black tennis shoes.

Leaning forward, he propped his elbows on his legs. The computer sat there, calling to him. He got up and turned it on. He watched the screen flicker as it went through its start up. Rick turned and headed for the kitchen. 

The fridge was bare save for a few orange sodas in the bottom. He grabbed one of them. He whistled as he dug in the cabinet. He pulled out a blueberry muffin and opened the wrapper. Taking a bite of the muffin he turned back towards his computer. He admired the background for a moment before opening up his favorite game and logging on. He wiped a crumby hand on his black jeans. 

Leah began squawking again. He turned towards the cage to find her leg hung in the top. He put down his drink and went to the cage. He cooed at her while he tried to free the stuck leg. 

The crisis averted, Rick turned back to his computer. Before he could move, the screen got extraordinarily bright. Before his eyes, a girl fell forward through the light. He caught a glimpse of her face as she flailed her arms trying to stop her fall. She landed face first into the carpet with a little "Oof."

Her blonde hair was in a messy pool around her head and on her arms in front of her. Her green covered rump was stuck in the air; he could tell she didn't have any shoes on.

"I have got to work on my landing!" She exclaimed as she sat up. She pushed her hair out of her face and looked up at him. She beamed at him. She was pale as moonlight. Her watery blue eyes glistened in the light of the room. She giggled then. It sounded like tiny bells. 

She wore a glittery dress covered in various shades of green. She sat back on her legs then. She hopped from that position and began floating in the air. She giggled again. His jaw was practically sitting in the floor.

Rick felt his mouth move like a fish, but no words came out. The mysterious girl looked him over. He was lean yet muscular. His blue eyes twitched as his mouth kept that same movement. 

"Who... what are you?" He finally managed to choke out. 

"Mmmm," she grinned at him. "My name is Gigi." She flipped her long blonde hair to the side. Rick looked her up and down. Her long silky smooth legs were perfectly crossed at the knee as she floated in front of him; apparently sitting on air. She leaned forward and propped her elbow on her knee and her chin on her fist.

"You're even cuter up close." She leaned towards him. She laid on her stomach midair with her feet kicked up behind her. 

"Wha... what are you? What are you doing here?" he stammered.

"Well, honestly, I live here." She rolled over onto her back. Rick gulped as he could she straight down the front of her dress.

"N-no... no you don't. I live here."

"This is my home Ricky." She sat back up. She stretched; his eyes were glued to her every move. "I am technically a house fairy. I used to be a wood fairy, but they tore down my home and put up these... apartments? So now this is my home."

"Fairy? How... wait, how do you know my name?" Rick eyed her suspiciously.

"What part of 'I live here' didn't you hear?" She asked impatiently.

"I've never seen you."

"I'm a fairy. I can change my size at will."

"Fairy..? But you have no wings..." 

"Ricky, I thought you were better than that. I've seen those games you play... how do you not know that things are not always what one person says they are. Do you think all elves have such long ears?" Gigi pointed to the character on the computer screen. 

"Well, actually, no I don't..." Rick said slowly.

"Look, it's like this, mortals have to have a reasonable explanation for everything. It's the most frustrating thing ever, but they do. A long time ago, when mortals first saw fairies, they couldn't believe we could fly if we did not have wings, so we created wings for mortals to see. So it got around that all fairies have wings. Don't you see?" Gigi floated over to the desk. 

"It's just like in your game here. Someone said 'hey, I think elves have long pointy ears, so over time those ears got longer and longer, until they became what you see on this screen here. It's just one persons interpretation of what something looks like."

"So, elves don't have long pointy ears?" Rick found himself joking.

"Mmmm some do, but not all; they tend to hide in plain sight really." Gigi picked up his orange soda and took a drink. 

"So elves and fairies are real..." Rick said slowly. "What... else is real?"

"Mmmm, dragons for one; though most of them were hunted to near extinction in the middle ages." She said absently. She was enjoying the taste of the orange drink. It was so rare she got to steal a sip.

"Wait, what? Most?" Rick stammered.

"The rest went into hiding. They're numbers are much larger since, but it was such a terrible tragedy. You eat a few live stock, which humans leave so conveniently laying around, and suddenly everyone wants you dead and think you're going to eat their women. Mortals are so base." Gigi sat the can down and turned back towards Rick.

"But, they're so large, how do you hide..." Gigi put a finger to Rick's lips.

"Maybe you have played the games too long, sweetie. Things are not always as people portray them." Gigi smiled at him. His eyes were beautiful. "Dragons used to only be about the size of 2 humans, 3 at the most. They were not these huge monsters whose faces were as big as a man." She flipped her hair.

Rick watched her, mesmerized. He was having a hard time grasping the situation "Then why..?"

"People see weird things when they are scared. Oh, now there are dragons that big, but they're older than me."

"How old are you anyway?"

"When was King Arthur born?" She tapped her chin with one slender finger. "I forget."

"Now what just a minute!" Rick blurted. "King Arthur has never been proven..." Gigi held up her hand in Rick's face. "So you accept dragons without question but you flip out when I mention a human figure?" Gigi shook her head and sighed. "I thought I knew you better..."

"I'm sorry." Rick lowered his head. Gigi looked at him in surprise. "I'm sorry; this is just a lot to take in at once. Why are you here anyway?"

"Well it's simple really. I wish to give you anything you want."

Rick's head jerked up at that. "Wait, what? Why?" He stared at her.

She giggled again. "Because I have been watching you Ricky. I like you; a lot. I want to see you happy, so I'm here to give you what ever you want that is within my power to grant."

Rick blinked at her. He closed his eyes. "Ok, think. This has got to be a dream, or some drug induced something. Someone spiked my soda." He thought to himself. 

Gigi giggled again. "Is there a problem dear?" She teased lightly. "You name it, and it is yours, if I'm capable of doing it."

He opened his eyes. She was still there; she was still sitting there floating in midair. "I actually don't want anything." He heard himself say. 

She raised an eyebrow. "So... nothing at all? Not a car, or a new house, or even a bowl of cornflakes?" She cocked her head to the side.

"No. Honestly, I can't think of a thing I would want." He said with conviction. "Besides, what would you want in return?" He asked cautiously. 

"Ahh, I see how it is." She giggled again. "Nothing. I want absolutely nothing in return." 

He stared at her then. He could tell she was serious. Even as flippant as she was being, he knew she spoke the truth. "There's got to be something."

"Actually, there would be one thing..." she trailed off. 

"I knew it." Rick muttered.

Gigi shot Rick a sly smile. He found himself backing up half a step. "You would have to put up with me."

"Ah." Rick blinked. He bumped the bird cage and Leah let out a squawk of annoyance. He reached a hand up and stroked her feathers absentmindedly. 

"Of course, you'll have to do that whether I give you anything or not." She laughed at her own joke. "I like you Ricky, and I want to be around you; regardless of what you want from me. So it's either put up with me for nothing, or get something out of it. You know... for your troubles." She winked.

"I still can't think of anything I want..." He trailed off as he looked her up and down. Some eye candy wouldn't be too bad to have around the house. He shook his head at the thought. This was insane. 

"Where would you stay?"

"Here and there, where I always have. I'd be out of your way, I just want... I just want company. It's been so long..." She trailed off. He saw the sad look on her face. He really couldn't deny her such a simple request.

"Ok, you may stay." He said reluctantly. 

Her face lit up and she smiled. "We're going to have so much fun!" He dove on him. He braced himself against the cage as her arms went around his neck. She hugged him cheek to cheek. He was afraid of where to put his hands so he didn't. She smelled like wildflowers.

She bounced off of him and reached out to Leah. Rick grabbed her wrist. Gigi looked at Rick with a puzzled look on her face.

"She bites." He said plainly. "Especially people she doesn't know."

"Silly Ricky." Gigi smiled at him. "I told you. This is my home. I'm very familiar with Leah here. I feed her crackers when you're not home." Gigi giggled. Rick found her giggle soothing and beautiful. He wanted to hear it more. 

Rick reluctantly let go of her wrist. She reached out and stroked the bird's neck. Rick was amazed to watch the bird close its eyes and enjoy itself. Gigi placed her hand at Leah's feet and the bird happily climbed up her arm. 

She floated back to his desk and picked up his drink again. That was starting to annoy him. 

"How long have you been watching me? Hanging out in my apartment?"

"For awhile now. When you first moved here, I noticed you. I notice everyone who comes and goes. Sometimes I hang out and observe them. Mostly I steal tidbits of food. I don't actually need it, but I do so love flavor." She reached for the muffin.

"Hey! That's my last muffin!" Rick blurted out.

"Oh, I know." She pinched off a tiny piece of the muffin and popped it in her mouth. "I don't like blueberry all that much, I'm more of a strawberry girl." She winked at him.

Leah squawked and flapped her wings. Gigi handed Leah a cracker. The bird happily took the cracker and began munching on it.

"Where... where did that cracker come from?" Rick stammered.

"Magic." Gigi said bluntly. "Food is an easy feat."

"But, you just said you have to steal food..."

"I never said I had to. I just do. I can't try new recipes myself you know. I wait for someone to make something or buy something I haven't tried before and then I snag a bite. I've actually learned a lot about cooking over time. It's just more interesting to try someone else's cooking. I don't even need the food to survive. I just like flavor." With a little wave of her hand a blue bowl appeared in her hand. A wiggle of her fingers and there was ice cream in the bowl.

"That's pretty cool."

"Pralines and cream, one of my personal favorites!" Gigi took a spoon and started eating the ice cream. "Mmmm so good." She licked the spoon. "Want some?"

"Yeah, actually. I do." Rick smiled.

Gigi wiggled her fingers again and a similar bowl appeared before Rick. He took it out of the air. He held the spoon up and examined a spoonful of the ice cream. He took a bite. It was real, and delicious.

"This doesn't count as my wish does it?" Rick eyed Gigi.

She giggled again. "No, silly. I don't do 'wishes' and I don't have a set number of anything. I'm a fairy not a genie."

"So genies exist too?" Rick took another bite.

"Actually, I'm not sure. I've heard stories, and I have to believe all stories have a basis of truth, but then again, I haven't really traveled, so all I can tell you is, that they could exist, or they could be just another variation of a fairy." Gigi finished up her ice cream and then hoped down from her position above the computer. She had some how migrated up there.

Gigi walked over to the cage and let the bird get down; she then turned to Rick and held out her hand. He blinked at her for a moment before handing her his bowl. She turned around and walked into the kitchen. He followed her wordlessly. Upon arriving in the kitchen, Gigi started digging in the cabinets.

"Ah, I'm sorry; I don't have much food..."

"That's ok." She didn't even look at him. Gigi began pulling out pots and pans. 

"What are you doing?" Rick asked at her back.

"I'm making pork chops." She said absently.

"But I don't..." 

Gigi waved a hand in his face. "Hush now." Rick silently watched her as she began pulling food out of thin air. Green beans went into one pan; potatoes appeared and started peeling themselves. Gigi barely made any motions, the things just happened. It was as if they came from her mind. Meat went in the pan and biscuits went onto a flat pan. Onions peeled and chopped themselves. 

"Why are you making it yourself if you could just make it appear?" Rick cocked his head to the side. 

"Because when I try to 'make it appear' it doesn't taste nearly as good. I don't know why." She shook her head. "Besides," She beamed at him. "Cooking is way more fun!" 

Rick pulled up a chair and watched her work. A lot of things worked on their own, but she took the time to make her own input. He was sure she could have even had that work on its own, but she truly enjoyed the meal she was preparing. 

Before long she began spooning food onto plates. Green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy, buttered corn and biscuits, followed by juicy pork chops. He hadn't eaten this well in a long time. 

A small table appeared in front of him and Gigi placed the plates on the table. She hopped up and took her floating seat again. Rick timidly took a bite while Gigi began to dig in. Rick's eye flew open wide; it was delicious! 

They ate there; both content in the quiet of the night.