 Leah's hysterical squawking woke him up with a start. Rick gasped for air as the shock wore off. Leah hadn't started off like this in awhile. He knew why. She was gone. Rick stared at his hands in his lap. He wasn't even sure what he had done wrong. He struck a nerve, but he did not know which one.

Tossing the covers to the side, he got out of bed. He walked with some regret as his feet scuffled against the carpet. His eyes wandered over to the little table.

On the table sat a bowl of cereal, a spoon, a muffin and a note. Hurriedly, Rick grabbed up the note.

"Milk is in the fridge in a glass. Help yourself. Back later." Read the note. Scrawled beside the words was a little heart. 

Rick smiled at the note and went to the fridge. A blue glass of milk sat on the shelf. He took it and poured it into his Lucky Charms. He ate it slowly. Leah was running up and down the counter squawking her head off.

"Oh shut up. She'll be back." Rick muttered at the frantic bird. He was glad she hadn't left altogether. Eyeing the muffin, he noticed it was fresh, which he hadn't had in while. Rick enjoyed it carefully. Gigi knew what he liked. He wished he knew what she liked. 

Faint singing brought Rick out of his daze. Leah stopped on the sink and started bobbing her head. Gigi appeared by the couch. She sang softly to herself, in her arms was a bundle of wildflowers. She stood there arranging them in a strange vase. He walked up to her slowly. He froze mid-step when he saw a faint bruise on her neck. 

"Gigi..." he said slowly, an edge creeped into his voice.

"Mmmm, what is it Ricky?"

The bruise disappeared in front of his eyes. He blinked several times and concentrated on that spot. For a brief moment he wondered if his eyes were playing tricks on him, but it occurred to him who he was talking to. 

"I've been..." Rick shook his head. "I think you've been messing with my head more than I know." He finished bluntly.

"Ricky, do you know the difference between family and friends?" Gigi asked quietly.

"Well, I..." He blinked at her.

"It's a fine line actually." She sat down on the sofa. "They say the difference between family and friends, is that you get to pick your friends where you do not get to pick your family. That's really not true, I have found." She straightened her dress and looked at him expectantly. He sat down beside her and watched her face. She turned her face forward.

"Family members can be your friends, and friend can become like family. The only real difference is what you make it. People can disown their family, they can cast them out, and they can do the same with friends. But they can also form close tight bonds with each other that will never break. It's the same on both sides. People have forgotten this." Gigi turned back to him.

He examined her then. It seemed like the first time he had really done so. She gazed at him longingly and quietly. She was beautiful, but not just because of her features, she had a quiet dignity he barely noticed. "I'm not sure..." He started.

"A long time ago, my 'family' lived in the woods that were torn down to place this building. We had lived there for centuries. I'm not even sure how long to be honest. My 'family' not only encompassed those who were bound to me by blood, but those you would consider 'friends'. We all shared an equal bond. Even so much as the deer and bunnies were my sisters and brothers. We were a family. Mortals took them from the fairies, one by one." She stared at her hands.

"We did not blame the humans, they needed nourishment, and it is the way of the world. But they took more than they needed. They took for the fun of it. They took my family, and then as a final insult, they took my home." A tear rolled down her cheek and she closed her eyes. "The fairies left. All of them." She looked him then. "Except me. I wanted to stay; I thought I could fix things. I thought I could drive them away. But instead, they threw rocks at me, called me a 'dirty hippie'. I tried to rebuild the forest, but it was to no avail, they paved over the fertile ground in which I planted my gardens."

"But you still stayed, why?" Rick put his hand on her shoulder.

"I had to. I didn't know why, I questioned it from time to time, but the land called to me, said I had to stay, and I did. My mother said it was fate, that there was some purpose for me being here. So I stayed, I watched this place be built, I watched them throw trash. I stayed and I waited. I waited for the reason for staying." Gigi wiped her eyes. 

"So I decided to make the most of things. I took food because it looked tasty; I learned to cook because it looked fun. I helped people from time to time. There was an elderly lady in 224; I used to help around her house. She thought I was a teenager from the local school. I made her happy. I sat and I listened to her stories and she let me use her stove and groceries. She taught me a lot. She died one day and I was sad again."

"She left me everything she had. She had no real family. Her kin had abandoned her sometime before. I was the only family she had. She left me everything and I didn't know what to do with it, because I did not need it. It was the only gift she felt she had to give me, but I had no place for it. Then, a woman came. She had a little baby and nothing but the clothes on her back and a handful of money for rent."

"I gave her the old woman's stuff. She didn't know it was me though. She didn't know the origin of all the stuff that was suddenly in her apartment. I decided it was the best place for it all, I knew it would have been what the old woman would have done. I then started visiting her too. She thought I was a volunteer at a women's shelter." 

"She made something of herself, and she finally bought a house and moved away. I was proud of her, I was proud of the way she was raising her child to be respectful to animals and others. She considered me family as well."

"I was sad again until I saw you Ricky. I liked you. You were cute, and you were funny, and you handle people in a certain way. Plus, you had all those little birds, you were so sad when they had to go away, I wanted to comfort you." She sniffled. "You keep asking me why, and now you know. I shouldn't have snapped at you Ricky, I was just frustrated."

Rick put his arms around her and pulled her close. She buried her face in his chest and sobbed quietly. He buried his nose in her hair and held her tight. The smell of wildflowers was intoxicating. 

He put his hand under her chin and pulled her face up. She looked at him through tear stained eyes. "Ricky, you're the first male I've helped at all. I don't like them usually. They're so mean, and they always seem to want to subjugate the people around them. If they aren't top dog, if they don't have someone to push around and put down they aren't happy. You're not like that Ricky. That's why I want to give you anything you ask for."

Rick laughed softly. "You want to give because I don't take."

"Yeah, basically." Gigi laughed herself. "Oh, I am sorry. I didn't mean to go off like that. I just..." She sighed. "I haven't had anyone to tell any of that to in so long." She sat up and folded her hands neatly in her lap. 

Rick reached out and pulled her back to him. Her head and hands fell against his chest. He put his finger under her chin and pulled her face up to his. He kissed her long and slow. She tasted like strawberries. 

She wrapped her arms around his waist and fell into him. He pulled her up in his lap and ran his hands down her ass. He tugged up her skirt and ran his hands down her panties. She put her hands up under his shirt. They began tearing each others clothes off. She yanked his shirt, he yanked her dress. The rest fell soon after. 

Rick pulled her down on top of him. They kissed passionately there on the sofa in the middle of the room; neither caring about anything else. His cock pressed into her belly. She lifted up and moved her pussy over it. She rubbed the head of his cock with her soft folds. He moaned. She slid down on his cock, pressing the length of him deep within her. They both moaned loudly. 

She began rocking her hips up and down. He gripped her hips and watched her tits bounce. He moaned and closed her eyes as she went up and down. She leaned forward and kissed him then. His eyes fluttered open and she grinned at him.

He thrust his hips up to match her movements. They gained speed and she leaned back; her tits bouncing in the air. He felt her clamp on him and soon felt the brink of his own orgasm. He didn't want to come, he wanted to feel her for longer. He struggled to maintain. When she finally came, he could hold it no longer. They shuddered together as it took them over. She collapsed on him and panted. He buried his face in her hair and neck. 

"Ricky, I'll give you anything you ask for." Gigi whispered into his ear.