 ~~Jack~~

"Oh... god..."

He couldn't cum anymore. Just the thought of another orgasm made his insides ache in pain. No more, his balls cried. We're dry!

The devil and her two imps didn't seem to agree. Ashley and Julee had both let him drink them, just a little, just enough to spark the arousal in his Kindred body once more, without either of them succumbing to exhaustion for it. And they took advantage.

"One more?" Antoinette said, smiling up at him. The Prince was on her back on her bed, head propped up on a couple pillows, and still in her corset; she'd taken off by the boots then.

He was straddling her, his knees under her arms, his butt on her abdomen and corset. Hands still cuffed behind him, and utterly helpless against the attack of the two ghouls.

They were kissing his cock. The two of them, at the same time. Ashley grinned up at him as she slid her lips back and forth along the swollen head of his shaft, while Julee managed a couple of quick peeks, each earning a huge blush from her. But she too was kissing the glans of his member, suckling, licking, sharing the wet of their mouths over the sensitive skin.

And more than once, the two started kissing. Ashley laughed the first time it happened, but the next time she did it on purpose, and angled where her lips met his cock so they'd meet Julee's lips too. And Julee reciprocated. Blushing so bright he thought she might die, Julee nudged her lips around to the front of his cock, and tried to keep his shaft along her mouth as she met Ashley's. Every so often, his cock fell away as the girls drifted, and they continued to kiss each other without him.

The Prince chuckled. With her on her back, the two ghouls were on their knees on each side of her, leaning over her to come at Jack from left and right. It gave Antoinette a perfect view of everything that was happening. And gave Jack a perfect view of her as she watched her ghouls. She was smiling, laughing, and she reached up to guide her two ghouls back toward his cock.

And again, he found his shaft in the middle of their kisses. Julee slid her lips further down the side of his length, lips traveling his girth until she planted her kisses along the base of him. Ashley went in the other direction, and shifted around more toward Antoinette's head so she could lean at Jack more directly. From straight on, she put her lips over the whole of the sensitive, engorged flesh of the head of his cock, and licked. Her tongue slipped out from her lips, went around and around and around, before she started to suckle as she settled her tongue along his member's underside.

"I... going to cum soon."

"About time." Ashley lifted her head and reached out to poke his chest. "Been at this for fifteen minutes!"

Fifteen minutes of pure heaven. Painful heaven, but heaven. Another orgasm was liable to kill him, or at least hurt a bit, but that didn't change that having two sets of lips kissing his cock was nirvana. Each lick, each suckle sent powerful waves of pleasure down through his length, and each made him quiver with the impending orgasm still building up. If not for his previous orgasms, he wouldn't have lasted fifteen seconds.

Antoinette slid her hands out along her corset, between the two girls, and out to his hips. She pulled him a bit closer, sliding him across her a few inches until his cock was over her sternum. She wanted to see everything.

He gulped and did his best to keep the building warmth from exploding. Too good, he wanted to keep this going, even sucked dry as he was. Julee once again found her lips upon the head of his shaft, and again Ashley was there to meet her, trying to kiss her and him at the same time. Julee returned Ashley's affection, kissing her friend more obviously, more directly, but doing her best to keep his cock against their lips as they did.

He couldn't last against that. The familiar waves of bliss started to spread upward from between his legs, up his length, and a drop of precum joined the lips of the two ghouls. Julee pulled away a little, eyes going wide and staring at where the clear fluid dripped out of his cock, thick enough to ooze from him instead of falling like water. Ashley on the other hand had no such reservations, and she caught the precum along her tongue before putting her mouth back onto him.

Pure stimulation on his glans. With no one stroking his shaft, his orgasm came through only the sharp pleasure sparks along the tip, each forcing his muscles to squeeze down and build up the fluids. Almost painful, but oh god so fucking good, the ghouls suckled and kissed as another drop of precum leaked onto their awaiting lips. Julee didn't pull away this time, and she looked up at him as she slid her tongue out to caress the underside of him once more, spreading his precum over the skin.

Too much. Another squeeze, another flex of his length, and the fluid came pouring out. Warm and thick, the white didn't squirt out of him this time, but trickled out in thick, dripping waves. Each flex of his muscles caused another wave of it, and it flowed out of him onto the awaiting lips of the two ballerinas. Ashley smiled into the kiss, and angled her head to make sure his cum landed along her lips. And from her lips, onto Julee's lips. The blond made sure to kiss Julee as much as she was suckling around the bulbous, engorged head of his shaft, until the thick white coated both their lips. When the cum started to pool along their kiss, no room left for the copious amount of fluids, Ashley slipped more of her mouth around his cock, just enough to cover the tip, and licked up the dribbling cum as it fell onto her tongue.

He collapsed. Two girls, kissing, licking, suckling his dick. Couldn't handle it! He fell back and lay between Antoinette's legs on his spine, hands still cuffed and pinned behind him. But the girls were relentless. Ashley, giggling like a maniacal villain, crawled over to where he fell, and reached out with a hand to grab the base of his shaft. Pointing it up, she again put her cum-covered lips around it, and pulled half of his shaft into her mouth. Julee crawled over as well, but she sat beside him, and gazed down at him as she licked her lips clean.

But as Ashley cleaned him, Antoinette moved. She slid her bare legs out from around him, and got onto her knees over him between his legs instead. Kneeling, she touched Ashley to nudge her aside, before she put her dark red lips along his shaft, and while gazing along his body to catch his eyes with her ruby gaze, she lowered her lips to swallow every inch of him.

He started panting as the goddess licked and suckled at the base of him, while the whole of his length met the wet warmth of her mouth and throat. Julee reached out to move the Prince's hair aside to keep it out of the way, while Antoinette managed to milk a couple more drops of his cum out of him with painful bliss. The ghouls leaned in to stare at how the white-haired succubus kept the entirety of his length in her, and how her lips and tongue pulled at the base while she sucked him dry.

When his panting turned into whimpers, Antoinette lifted her head and wiped her lips with a single finger.

"Satisfied, my love?"

"Y-yes... god... yes."

"Wonderful. Julee dear, please undo his shackles."

Julee hopped off the bed and started digging around in the nightstand, for a key probably. Ashley on the other hand knelt beside him, and brought a finger to wipe her lips, the same way Antoinette had. Cute.

A minute later he had his cuffs off, and he was sitting up while leaning his weight back onto his hands behind him. The three women smiled at him, Ashley giggling, Julee blushing, Antoinette eating him with her gaze. Scary and thrilling at the same time.

"My pets, it is time for you to go. My love and I must spend time alone."

Both girls whined their dissatisfaction, but turned and left as Antoinette shooed them away. Naked and bouncing, Ashley jumped off the bed, Julee close behind her, and the two strolled out of the inner chamber. Ashley made sure to take a peek behind her though, and sway her hips a little more than she usually did, before disappearing around the enormous vault door.

"Jack, if you would." Antoinette turned around, and showed him her back, hand up to pull her hair out of the way over her shoulder. The corset was laced up from behind, with a layer of black between the strings and her skin.

He reached out and started to undo the knot, but not before he took a second to admire how absolutely, fucking amazingly hot the curvy Prince looked with the black corset emphasizing her hourglass shape. "So, tonight was... yeah, wow. So many fantasies fulfilled."

The corset was so beautiful, and tight. Damn tight. As he undid the crisscrossing layers of it and at last exposed the naked back of the Prince, he touched her where the clothes had left an imprint along her skin. It healed quickly, vampire and all, but it couldn't have been comfortable.

"That couldn't have been fun to wear," he said.

"I disagree." She turned to face him again, reached out, and set the corset down beside them on the bed. Her eyes lingered on the fabric, and her fingers traced the lines engraved on it. "Kine would struggle to wear such a thing as tight, but, I am well versed in such attire. And we do not need to breathe; it is no concern." With a grin, she crawled toward him, and nudged him onto his back again. Her body soon lay upon his, her breasts squished to his chest, and her kiss on his lips.

"Still, couldn't have been comfortable," he managed to say between kisses.

"It was to your delight, was it not?"

"It was! God damn, you looked... you look... you always look amazing, you know that."

Chuckling, she set her lips to his earlobe again, and kissed it as she settled atop him. So much taller than him, she covered him almost completely, her legs between his own and her arms around him, elbows to the blankets.

"Such is the way of Daeva." Another kiss. "But, are there are other reasons you visit my chambers, my love?"

Ah, fishing for compliments. In another context, it would have irritated him. But for the mighty Prince to be doing it, and so blatantly, made it both adorable and fun.

"Other reasons I come here. Well, I like that you're scary and deadly," he said. More chuckles. "I like that you're smart." Less chuckles, more satisfied purrs. "I like that you can play the cello."

"Ah, the cello. One of the few skills I retained through the centuries." She raised her head until she was looking down at him, long white hair spilling onto the bed next to his neck. "What else?"

"You're introspective, and wise, and... and... delicate when you want to be, brutal when you need to be."

Found what she was looking for. Her smile brightened, curling her cheeks more than he was used to seeing, and she lowered her head to put her lips against his once more.

"Come, let us bathe."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The shower again. They often took baths, but she had a really awesome shower, and he enjoyed it immensely. A large room connected to another room, one for changing, one for showering. No need to stay under a tiny shower jet here, hot water fell from almost the entire ceiling area along deep, sloped slabs of black above, so big and wide it was like walking under a waterfall. Black marble of course, with the cut holes above that held white LEDs.

Antoinette stepped under the falling water first, and he stared as she did. The wet hair, long and now slick to her spine, drew his gaze as she combed it back over her head with her fingers. Elbows up as she did, he stared at her breasts too; he was obsessed, and there was no denying it.

Kindred ejaculate was the same as dandruff or skin particles or hair, it all turned into the faintest hint of ash within five, sometimes ten minutes, once it was separated from the vampires body. They weren't showering for that, they were showering cause Ashley and Julee were all over them. Which, Jack had to admit, was really hot.

Not fifteen minutes since you came four times in one night, with three women, and you're already thinking about sex. Get a grip on yourself man.

Course, once he was looking at Antoinette again, his mind went right back to sex. The body, the long legs, the slim waist, wide hips. The huge breasts that weighed on her ribs. Such a perfect, defining example of a goddess, tall and curvy and strong.

Her makeup washed away as she rubbed an odd-looking cloth along her face, and let the water pull the colors into the drain. Beautiful, even as she exposed the pores and blemishes of her skin. Looked more real, less fantasy, now that he could see she had a tiny mole along her jaw line, the hint of a wrinkle along her forehead, and her skin was no longer perfectly uniform in color. Still so damn fucking beautiful.

"Jack? Ja—oh." She caught his wandering eyes, smirked, and reached out to him to pull him under the water. The hot shower blasted his skin, and even with the blush of life off, he could still feel it warming him to the bone. "Dozens upon dozens of times you have shared my bed, little Ventrue. Dozens of times, you have climaxed within my body, upon my lips, my breasts. And yet your eyes stare with the same infatuation as the first night we spent together."

"Sorry! Can't help it, just... just..." Just damn, the love of your life is a total babe.

"Then I am delighted. Kindred are eternal, and our bodies unchanging." She hugged him from behind, set his head along her sternum and her breasts against his shoulders. Water fell from her face onto him as she leaned over him. "Truly, sometimes I fear my height may dissuade you. Juvenile fears, I admit, but they come nonetheless."

"Your height? I'm a little short guy." And Beatrice teased him enough about it too. Well, everyone had, growing up. Nothing major or problematic, but enough teasing to make it a sore memory.

Antoinette laughed, and slid one of her hands down his body to tease along his abs and the leanness of his stomach.

"And yet, it is your small frame I wish between my legs."

"... god I love your legs."

This time her laughter erupted, and he blinked up at the queen of the night as she shook with the warm sound.

"Jack, my love, you are too sweet, and too sincere. And I love you for it." Her hands reached out for some soap and a loofah, and once it was lathered, she ran it down his chest and long his arms.

She was washing him. He had to fight the urge to fall back against her and relax into her embrace. Maybe when they were in a tub, but not a good idea standing.

"Have you spoken with Damien yet?"

Damn.

"No, not yet." Too busy chasing ghosts in a sewer.

"Please do. It is important."

He nodded, and turned his head a bit as her soaping moved over his neck before down his chest again. No qualms about washing his sex or under it either. Well, she was half a millenium old, no reason to be shy about anything.

She got down onto a knee, and turned him around. He blinked down at her, at how the water fell atop her white hair and flattened it along her back, at how her hand worked the loofah up and down his legs, at everything. The Prince on her knee in front of him, as if it was a perfectly normal or natural thing for royalty to bathe him.

"Ashley and Julee," he said, once he found the willpower to stop staring. "They uh, I know they go to university. But, what other sorts of things do they do?"

"Are you interested in them?" She looked up at him with a quirked brow. And maybe a bit more than that too, maybe a hint of jealousy.

"No, I was just curious. Julias has talked to me about ghouls, and how to turn someone into one, and... I dunno, part of it sounds a little tragic, you know? Addicted to Kindred blood, and slaves, and—"

She held up a finger, and stood. Uh oh. Too far. Abort!

But when she saw his panic, she sighed, and patted him on the head.

"Your concerns are justified. And there are Kindred who do abuse their ghouls, force the addiction upon them, turn them into slaves against their will. But do not worry for Ashley and Julee, they chose to become what they are. Ghouls do live for eternity, little Ventrue. As long as they taste a Kindred's blood within a month as routine, they will remain ghouls, forever my pets, and friends." Her hands reached down for his, and she put the loofah in his palm. "And for your first question, my ghouls live social lives. They enjoy education, and they enjoy artistic pursuits, when they are not with me. That is their life to enjoy, so that I may enjoy it through them."

Oh. Oooooh. Well, now he felt like shit. From borderline accusing her of owning slaves one minute, to sympathy for her cruel world and how she never got to enjoy the simple things of life the next. He blinked down at the loofah in his hand, then up at her, loofah again, her again, before he stepped in and hugged her, cheek against her collar.

"Ah, little Ventrue?"

"... I love you, so damn much."

Silence, at least for a few moments, with only the noise of the waterfall rain around them as Antoinette slowly returned the hug, and squeezed.

But after a few moments again, she took him by the shoulders, and pushed him away a foot.

"Come, clean your Prince."

He smiled up at her, and pressed the loofah to her belly. Didn't last long at the belly though, and his hand, as if possessed by some alien entity, guided the loofah up to her breasts. She laughed at him, and watched as he soaped up the valley between her breasts, up along the curve where they hung from her torso, and then underneath to soap up where they met her ribs. And again he pressed the loofah into the soft, heavy weight of her bosom, until one of them molded to conform against the loofah, before the weight slipped off his wrist and jiggled. So huge, so supple and cushy. Again, he soaped her large, dark nipples, and pressed his loofah into her breast to feel it give into his—

She bopped him on the head.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~Julias~~

He didn't like this.

Him and his childe wore dark suits meant for foot work, and with pistols and knives holstered underneath their jackets; he was cool with all that. What he wasn't cool with was going to see Damien.

"Can't believe you let him live," Julias said.

"Yeah, me neither."

"Compassion could cost you your life here, kid."

"Compassion's also how you win allies, and break molds. And," the kid pointed a finger at him, "correct me if I'm wrong, but you're looking to break some molds. Or did I read you wrong, and you're content with the way covenants are handling things here in Dolareido?"

Smartass. Julias frowned down at Jack, but frown turned to smile.

"I'd prefer we make changes on the backs of the ancillae and elders, not a neonate like yourself."

"Yeah well, that's why science advances one funeral at a time. Scientist's motto. Old farts refuse to let things change, until they're dead." A shrug and smirk, Jack looked out the window of their drive at the passing sights. The car was taking them deeper into South Side, along the outskirts of Devil's Corner.

Thinking of Devil's Corner.

"So the woman just disappeared, hmm?" Julias said.

"Yes! Yes she did. I know it reads weird on the report, or whatever Jessy told you, but I'm telling you she disappeared."

"Vanished."

"Vanished!" Up went both hands. "We scanned that room thoroughly, every brick and pipe. Woman just vanished. And... and I'm telling you Julias, she wasn't normal. I mean she looked normal, and she reacted with as much fear as you'd expect a human to, seeing a vampire for the first time. And I don't know how she knew what we were! We weren't doing anything remotely vampire-ish."

That was peculiar. He rubbed his chin, looked out the opposite window, and watched the streetlights and people pass by. Hot weather, getting hotter every day; unusual for this time of year. The Kindred didn't mind, but the kine did. And it did make everything smell of sweat and musk, which did all sorts of things to a Kindred's senses. He didn't look forward to a trip down into the abandoned subway.
