 On awakening, I found myself to be stiff and aching from my uncomfortable position, tied as I was to the bars of the cage. 

Thankfully, at least, it seemed that the virtually uncontrollable desires that had assailed my body subsequent to my ingestion of the slice of slave-biscuit had predominantly diminished.

I reflected upon the events of the previous evening, and the manner in which I had conducted myself.

I moaned with shame and apprehension. 

My plight was exacerbated, of course, by the regrettable circumstance that no-one but myself knew that I had purportedly consumed enough slave-biscuit to last all of the slavegirls in the tavern for a week. As far as any neutral eyewitness could ascertain, I had simply behaved in a mien befitting a wanton slut. The sort of girl who squirmed and juiced at the slightest provocation, even whilst ostensibly undergoing punishment. 

I knew, at least, that I was not that sort of girl. 

But I also knew, now, that it might be difficult for me to convince others of that assertion. In fact, it would seem, that the only course by which I might do so would be to admit that I were a thief. 

Such an averment would, of course, bring its own perils.

I mused what might be considered appropriate redress in this milieu for a slavegirl admitting theft. On my own planet, I knew, some cultures penalised theft with mutilation, such as the loss of a hand. My offence had not been great, that of a single slice of slave-biscuit, together with some associated crumbs, but I did not know the monetary value of such a commodity. Besides, as I had been informed on several occasions, one such as I might be cut up into animal feed due to even slight infractions such as that of being unpleasing.

Indeed, for a previous offence of allowing a customer to go to sleep whilst I was servicing him, I had been deprived of food, clothing, and shelter for an indefinite period, and, in addition, had had a public spanking administered to me. I quivered at the memory. To my own surprise, I found myself feeling rather 'hot and bothered' by the mere recall of being stretched over my Mistress' lap. I recalled her paddle bringing painful retribution on my vulnerable, upturned ass in front of the assembled, jeering, patrons and slaves of The Juicy Pudding tavern.

I moaned softly, trying to put such thoughts from myself.

They were, no doubt, the last remnants of the effects of the slave-biscuit. 

Behind me I could hear the snuffling of Heracles as he rooted about in his trough. I recalled that I had been tied in place against the bars so that I not be tempted to intrude upon his beauty sleep. Had my condition been thought sufficiently depraved to have rendered such a precaution necessary?

At least, it would seem, that contrary to the prognostications of Lady Draca, my Mistress, I had retained my sanity. Indeed it seemed that the effects of the slave-biscuit had largely subsided, except, perhaps, for a faint gnawing of shame and embarrassment in the pit of my stomach, and the perverse sensations when I recalled my public punishment.

I leant my head against the bars and sobbed a little at my imbroglio. I was not particularly hungry at that moment, but felt terribly thirsty. I saw Tuka coming across the yard.,towards the cage that I shared with Heracles.

"Greetings, Tuka" I said, softly. 

She smiled, not unkindly.

"You are still to call me Mistress, I think," she said.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, "Please forgive me, Mistress. Greetings, Mistress."

"Greetings, Suckslut" she answered, pleasantly, "And how are you this morning?"

"Well, enough, Mistress," I said. I felt myself blush a little. There had been a certain element of insinuation in her question.

"You have made Tela cross," she said.

I felt frightened at this disclosure. I looked at her quizzically.

"She was telling the whole slave-kennel that you are a total slut. She said that you distracted her patrons while she was performing."

I felt tears prick my eyes.

"She has always hated me, Mistress" I said, "Since I first came here."

Tuka laughed.

"She hates everyone to some extent," she said, "She is a bitch. But yes, you, most of all, now, I think."

I looked up from my tethered position, tears in my eyes.

"But why, Mistress?" I begged, "I have done nothing to hurt her."

Tuka smiled. How beautiful she was, I thought.

"Do you not know?" she asked.

"No," I added. Beautiful, yes, but there was also a hint of spitefulness about her, whether purposed or accidental. She enjoyed, for example, teasing and withholding information. That I could see. In time, I would find that this was true of many or even most slavegirls. Our rivalries might seem petty to Masters, but they are there, nonetheless, never far from the surface.

Tuka went on, "It is because you are a barbarian. It was a barbarian horde that pillaged Tela's village, captured her and sold her into slavery. She used to be free."

"Oh," I said, "I see."

"It was two years ago," said Tuka. She named then Tela's village, which I, of course, had never heard of. 

"Were you involved in the attack?" she asked, her beautiful eyes questioning..

I smiled. Beautiful, perhaps, but also rather simple and naive.

"Of course not, Mistress, " I answered, offended, "I am not that sort of barbarian."

"What do you mean?" asked Tuka, her brow furrowed a little.

"I was not involved in pillaging and so on. I am from earth."

Tuka looked at me patiently.

"A barbarian is a barbarian," she said, "All of you are ignorant and uncivilised. It does not really matter whereabouts in the wastelands you come from."

She smiled at me, patronisingly, as if explaining a simple truth to a child.

I felt a pang of further realisation as to my status on this world. As far as Tuka, and, presumably the other Goreans were concerned, I was not a sophisticated girl from a superior planet brought low by slavery, but essentially a savage, of the type that pillaged villages.

"Do you think that I am ignorant and uncivilised, Mistress?" I asked, trying to keep my voice calm.

"You were uncivilised last night," grinned Tuka, "At least that is what Tela said in the slave kennels"

I felt myself blush and looked away biting my lip. I wanted to explain to Tuka about the slave- biscuit, but knew, instinctively, that I could not trust her with such a confidence. I suspect that once Tuka knew, it would be all over the slave-kennels immediately.

"Please tell Tela that I mean her no harm, Mistress, " I said, "and that I was not involved in the attack on her village."

The beautiful blonde nodded, and gave me her kind smile. 

"I might do, Suckslut," she said, "But watch out for her all the same."

She walked back across the yard, and smiled back at me as she went inside.

I was once again alone in the yard, except for my cagemate, snuffling in his trough as usual. I thought about the information that Tuka had divulged. 

I had realised already that I had angered Tela last night. I recalled her hissing at me that I was an utter, utter slut. I had hoped that her anger might subside, but it seemed that it had not, and along with the matter that she considered me complicit in the pillaging of her home, I realised that I would need to be very wary of her. 

Hopefully Tuka telling her that I had nothing to do with this occurrence might help, but I suspected that it would not. At the end of the day though, Tela was still only a slave, and, I thought, her vengeance must therefore be limited. After all, she was subject to the same punishments and sanctions as myself, and as property, any damage to another slave perpetrated by such as she would be harshly regarded.

Such apprehensions filled my mind until I saw Tupp waddling across the Yard. He grinned at me through the bars.

"How are you this morning, Suckslut?" he asked, "Calmed down a bit?"

I could see the amusement in his eyes. No doubt I blushed.

"Yes, my Lord, Overseer, and Master," I replied, in a whisper.

"Come," he said, "Mistress wants to see you."

He began untying me from the uncomfortable position that I was in, and I gratefully stretched my limbs. His hands were deft at the knots, and soon he had my leash and was escorting me across the little yard. 

I wondered what Lady Draca. my Mistress, wished to see me about, but knew that it would be no use asking Tupp. I regarded him as he pulled me along. How ugly he was, how misshapen and disgusting, and yet I recalled that last night I had been begging or his merest touch. 

I shuddered. The effects of the slave biscuit had been strong. Already I had incurred the wrath of Tela because of them, and, I suspected too, that Tupp might now think differently of me than before.

I was taken to the same small room and told to wait. This time there was no cake of slave biscuit on the table. Soon, I heard the footfall of Lady Draca, my Mistress and then she stood before me, her eyes stern.

"Well," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "What do you have to say for yourself?"

"Mistress?" I replied, questioningly. I was surprised at her instant question and did not know how to answer it. 

"Don't come the innocent, Suckslut," she said, "I mean what got into you last night? We practically had to hose you down."

I swallowed, hard.

"I..I do not know, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I replied, "I...I just got a little carried away, I suppose."

She looked at me, eyebrows lifted a little.

"Carried away," she said, "I see. Well whatever it was, hotcake, it is what I will be expecting from you every night from now on, understand me? It seems that I have found some sort of use for your worthless set of curves. I might even think about feeding you again, though with the amount of cum you swallowed last night, I doubt you're too hungry just yet."

I felt a tear roll down my left cheek. It was true that I was not particularly hungry. I wondered as to the nutritional value of the substances that I had swallowed the previous day, both the slave biscuit and the semen. I had not previously been particularly curious as to the nutritional and calorific content of semen, but now it seemed that it might henceforth be a rather important component of my diet.

"I am very thirsty, though, Lady Draca, my Mistress. It would be good to have some water, Lady Draca, my Mistress."

Whatever the calorific content of the semen, it had been very salty, and I had not drunk since last night.

"Very well, honeypot," said Lady Draca, "Tupp! Fetch our little barbarian novelty act some water from the well."

Tupp went off grumbling.

"Now," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "Are you ready for an encore tonight? I've been thinking about what turned you from a cold, prissy little bitch that sent the Masters to sleep, to the lascivious whore that went four times around the dance pit sucking off everything in sight. I think it is pretty obvious, sugar-tart."

I shuddered. Did she know about the slave biscuit? I looked at her but said nothing. I felt my tummy churn apprehensively.

"It was the public punishment, " she went on, " A lot of apparently frigid slaves seem to get turned on by it, and it seems you're one of them, little Miss Butter-wouldn't melt-in-her-mouth. In the business we call slaves like you pain-sluts. So tonight we will ramp it up a notch and give you a public whipping before you get out onto the floor."

I was aghast.

"Oh no...no...please, Lady Draca, my Mistress. I beg of you, no."

I did not know if I could bear a public whipping. I wondered, however, that I felt a little bit of moisture between my legs at the very thought of it. The effects of the slave biscuit were obviously still there.

"Then, " continued Lady Draca, " to keep you on your toes, as it were, I'll set you a target of getting five times round the pit before we close for the night. If you don't make it, then we'll put you out in the public stocks the next day. Understand me, beast?"

I did not know what I was to do. I knew that, without the slave-biscuit, I would probably struggle to make it once round the dance pit, let alone the five times demanded. And besides this, I was to be punished routinely, under the belief that it was public punishment, rather than the potently aphrodisiac slave-biscuit, that had turned me, for one night at least, into a helpless, eager slut.

It came home to me fully that I was faced with the dilemma of being considered a slut or a thief. I reflected how terrible it would be to be regarded by all and sundry as an utter, utter, slut, as Tela now thought me. 

Whatever the consequences, I decided that I must "come clean" and confess to the theft of the slave biscuit.

Tupp came back at that moment, and handed me water in a tin. I took it gratefully, and looked hopefully at Lady Draca, my Mistress. It would not do for me to slake my desperate thirst without her permission.

She nodded to me.

"You may drink, Suckslut," she said, kindly.

I drank, the water revived me a little, and steeled me to my course of action. Honesty would be the best policy. I had always been taught this at school, yet had previously taken little account of it, generally finding that lies were forgiven me, even when I was caught in such falsehoods, as long as they were accompanied by a fluttering of my eyelids and a few tears. 

I doubted that would be the case here, but whatever the consequences, surely it would be preferable to being punished and then finding myself expected to perform as an utter slut? 

I had made my decision. I was not that sort of girl. I would rather be known as a thief than a slut.

"It...it was not the punishment, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I said, falteringly, "It...it was the slave biscuit."

She looked at me and raised an eyebrow.

"You only had a crumb, cupcake," she said, archly, "It would not have produced that sort of reaction."

I felt my throat constrict. I licked my lips and looked down at the floor.

"I had a whole slice, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I mumbled, apologetically.

"What, barbarian slut?" asked Lady Draca, my Mistress, "Speak up, I can't hear you."

"I had a whole slice, " Lady Draca, my Mistress, I said more clearly, "Please forgive me, Lady Draca, my Mistress. I beg your forgiveness, Lady Draca, my Mistress."

"So you are a thief, hmm?" said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "You stole slave biscuit from me?"

"Yes, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I replied, numbly. I had resolved upon my course, no matter the consequences. I would be regarded as a thief, with all that might bring down upon my head, but at least I would not be a regarded as a slut.

Lady Draca, my Mistress, laughed.

"There, Tupp," she said, "A whole slice, she says. I think I win the bet."

I heard Tupp laugh, almost dementedly.

"Yes, Mistress," he said, "You did."

Lady Draca, my Mistress looked at me fixedly.

"Thurnus," she called, "Did you hear that? You may come through now"

I wondered at this.

"You stupid little barbarian whore," she said, more quietly, yet vindictively.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, "Please forgive me, Mistress."

"For taking a slice of slave biscuit?" said Lady Draca, my Mistress.

"Yes, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I said.

"There is, " said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "No such thing as slave biscuit."

I gasped, shocked. What could she mean? I had eaten a slice. It had turned me, temporarily at least, into an uncontrollable whore; an utter, utter, slut.

"Mistress?" I asked.

"What you stole," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, emphasising the last word, "Was simple animal feed. Something that we add to Heracles diet to fatten him up quickly."

I swallowed, hard.

"But...but my behaviour, Mistress. How different I was."

"It was the public punishment, whore. Thinking that you had consumed a week's supply of aphrodisiac allowed you to circumvent your inherent inhibitions, but it was all you out there by the dance-pit, sweetie. As you will find tonight, after your whipping."

"Oh no...," I gasped, frightened, "No!" 

I found myself speaking in English.

Thurnus, he from the slave house, entered the room. He did not look pleased. He was armed, I noticed, with a sword. I realised that he looked to be a formidable warrior.

"Ah," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, triumph in her eyes, "Did you hear her admission from the surveillance chamber, Thurnus? I have won our bet, I think."

Thurnus merely glowered. 

"You see, Suckslut," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "you have behaved as I predicted, not as Thurnus thought. It would seem that I know slavegirls better than the head of a mighty slavehouse."

I hung my head, despondently. I had lost Thurnus a bet,. No doubt he had said that I would not steal the slave-biscuit.

"I am sorry, Master," I mumbled, numbly, "I was so hungry, Master, please forgive me for taking the slave-biscuit, Master."

"Stupid little whore," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "We both knew that you would steal the animal cake. This room can be seen from an adjacent surveillance and we watched you take it. The bet was whether you would admit to it or not. Thurnus thought that you would not admit to it. He thought that you would rather be thought a slut than a thief, but I knew that a stuck-up little cold fish like you would prefer to be thought a thief."

I hung my head.

"In the event," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "It turns out that you are both. Aren't you?"

"Yes, Lady Draca, my Mistress," I mumbled.

"What are you?" she asked, "Say it."

"I am a slut and a thief," I said, softly.

"Indeed you are, Suckslut," said Lady Draca, "And now you are my slut and thief, as I won the bet. Your ownership is my reward for winning it."

She smiled triumphantly.

I thought on this. It was true, I suppose. I had thought that the choice before me had been to decide whether I would rather be thought of as a slut or a thief, but now, it would seem, I had shown myself to be both. 

I realised that they had had rich sport from me in their wager.

Thurnus still glowered. He did not seem particularly happy to have lost the bet.

"Thank you for coming today, Thurnus, and thank you for the slave. We can sign the transfer of ownership papers later."

"No," said Thurnus, "No. I do not think that will be happening."

Now it was Lady Draca's turn to glower.

"What do you mean?" she said, aloofly, "You lost the bet."

"I do not think so," said Thurnus, "I am taking the slut back to the slave house with me." I noticed that his hand was on the hilt of his sword. 

"But that is not what we agreed," said Lady Draca, my Mistress, "If the slut had not confessed to the crime, you would take her back, and have free paga for a week, but as she has confessed, I get to keep her."

"I am taking her back," said Thurnus, pulling his sword menacingly a little of the way out of its scabbard. "Who is going to stop me, Draca? Your pet dwarf?"

I had seen that there seemed to be no guards employed in Lady Draca's business. Perhaps she considered them an unnecessary expense - another mouth to feed.

"Do not do this, Thurnus," implored Lady Draca, "We have always had a good business relationship have we not? Do not put it to an end over this slut."

"I have had a good offer on her from a bigger tavern, its owner was here last night" said Thurnus, "Here, slavegirl."

He beckoned to me. Without demur I went to him and knelt before him, my knees widely split. He was a man, and had given me an order 

He took my leash.

"I have contacts," said Lady Draca, "You will regret this, Thurnus."

"I do not think so," said Thurnus, "Come, slut."

He placed a hood on my head, then tugged on my leash. I followed him blindly, barefoot, hooded, nude, hands braceleted behind me. I was very frightened. 

We went through the streets. I heard the noises. Felt the fresh air on my bareness. Smelt the sometimes noxious street smells. My feet felt mud and such beneath me.
