 ~~Natasha~~

They took a taxi home. She sat in the middle, and peeked left and right during the ride. Matthew the giant, and Arturo the devil; and, also quite huge. The tiny Mekhet disappeared between them, and she smiled a little smile as she took a slow breath through her nose in the proximity of their bodies. She could smell the arousal.

Much of the night had been spent looking at half-naked men, women, and then eventually completely naked men and women, the humans being brought up to orgasm for the joy of the Kindred feeding on them. Supposedly, you could taste it in the blood. And she had to admit, when she was sleeping with Jessy's ghouls, there was a change in the flavor when the man had just cum. So subtle you could mistake it for a placebo.

Kindred treated it like humans did caviar, or fine wine, or similar extravagant food. She could understand why.

With so many of the Kindred indulging in such a luxury, it'd created an overwhelming sexual atmosphere. At least any Kindred that wanted to could simply not blush life, and hide their arousal, but her poor boyfriends could not. And she couldn't blame them for peeking at all legs and breasts and penises being stroked and vaginas being fingered. At first there'd been only one or two, almost hidden as they sat in the seats while nearby Kindred leaned over them to touch them. By the end of the ball, many of the kine had enjoyed at least one orgasm, and at least one pair of fangs in their neck. Jennifer's targets — all women — had enjoyed far more, and had been reduced to exhausted, sweating messes, mewling and whimpering. Was she trying to impress Beatrice? It'd seemed so, with how often Jennifer kept glancing at her fellow witch.

She'd impressed a lot more than just Triss. Natasha hadn't been able to stop herself, or her boyfriends, from staring at the sight of one of the women lying down on a table, completely naked, while three Kindred gently drank of her blood. Until the poor kine had slipped into a post-Kiss coma, Jennifer had fingered her until Natasha could see the girl's juices trickling down her thighs.

"That Jen," Art said. Girl must have been on his mind, and she couldn't blame him, not after that display. "Got the impression she was trying to get everyone's attention."

"N-Not everyone's, just... Beatrice's."

"Yeah?" Matt said. "Thought she was with that Invictus dude."

"She is. So I d-d-don't know what she's up to." Maybe she was just trying to get into their bed? Or something more devious, and break them apart? Doubtful, but she didn't know the witch well enough to make that call.

Once they were out of the taxi, outside Natasha's apartment building, they walked in and took the elevator. Still a couple hours until sunrise, and she'd made a promise. So, she stood in the elevator with her two boyfriends, and tried her best to hide her grin. Two boyfriends, hehe.

Her two boyfriends were drunk! Or at least tipsy. She could smell the alcohol on their breath, and their movement was a little sloppy. And, they kept sneaking glances her way, and looking her up and down like she was a snack; they always did that, but tonight their glances were a little less devious, a little more obvious. If only she could indulge in liquid courage like that.

She was hungry though. Seeing all those kine getting Kissed, drained, and all she'd had was a glass of blood. Not terribly satisfying to a vampire when it wasn't fresh; still good, but not as filling. So, as much as Art and Matt smelled of arousal, and kept looking at her like food, she was doing the same to them. She wanted to bite them, sink her fangs into them, fill her belly with their essence.

And have them inside her while she did.

She opened the door and let them into her apartment, before turning around to lock it as the two wolves stepped around her. Always locked it of course. But, as she locked she, she heard a growl behind her.

She turned around, and squeaked. Both of the werewolves were approaching her, shoulders haunched and knees bent. Prowling!

Matthew reached out for her first, and she tapped into the vitae in her body to spur on some speed. A reflex, a life saving reflex, and she ducked under his enormous arms to try and get behind him.

"W-Wait!" she said, and stopped short as she almost ran into Arturo, who'd jumped back in anticipation of her.

The evil man only grinned, and tried to grab her. But she ducked again, and went through his legs. Being tiny has advantages.

She squealed as she darted around to the other side of the couch, and put it between her and the two wolves. "N-Now, boys! We were... thought we were... going t-t-to... not be so—"

Again, she squeaked as the two of the beasts came at her, walking fast and blocking off both pathways around the couch. Closing in on her, surrounding her, like... like wolves! And they weren't listening either. Their eyes were squinting a little, and their lips were raised in small growls that exposed their teeth. They were both grinning.

They dived. Squealing, she tried to jump over the couch, but Arturo saw her plan coming. His hand was waiting for her, and she ran straight into it. Arm hooked her stomach, and pulled her in so she was trapped with her back to his chest, her feet dangling a foot from the floor.

"You," Matt said, stalking in closer, "should blush life for us."

"I won't!"

He growled, deep, rumbling in his titanic chest, and got in closer yet again. Art took her hands and lifted her by them, so now she dangled two feet from the ground instead, eye level with the giant Matthew. Or almost.

The blond-haired beast reached down, and started to slide up her dress. "After what Art and I just went through?"

"Pure torture," the devil man behind her said.

"I... I s-said it'd be... sexual..." Trapped. Trapped trapped, unable to get away from her two boyfriends. Why would she want to? Cause they could get scary! So massive, and strong, and when they were hungry like this, it sent a chill down her spine. She remembered what it was like, in the tunnels when they chased her.

The giant continued to pull up on her dress. Higher, and higher, until she was wriggling and squirming as the man exposed her bare sex. They worked together to strip her, until she was dangling there in nothing but her shoes; but even those were taken from her a moment later.

Art brought her higher, and higher, and set a kiss on her ear. And then, her neck. With her naked, and him holding her up like this, she felt like a bug. A tiny, wriggling little bug.

"Blush for me," Art said.

"N-No! You t-t-two are...b-being... mean..." Her voice died, melting away as Matt also stood in closer, leaning down to kiss the opposite side of her neck.

"Blush," he said. Rumbled. Matt, being forceful, being insistent? God, she blinked up at him, and did her best 'please be nice' eyes. They only made him growl, louder, until she felt the vibrations against her naked body.

She swallowed on nothing, and blushed.

The two animals rumbled their pleasure, and set her back down onto the floor. Art turned her around, and with his hands reaching down for her hips, held her tight to him as he leaned down, and kissed her. Matt moved with the flow, and reached down to squeeze and knead her ass while Art buried her lips in a rather forceful, powerful kiss, physically powerful. And as Art squeezed her tight, held her, buried her in his kiss, Matt set his lips on her neck, massaged her back, her shoulders, and her ass once again.

And then Art started to move down her body. His hands reached lower, and so too did his kisses, finding her neck and threatening to bite it out with a playful nibble, before his lips went lower to her breasts. Her nipples were hard, and she reached out onto Art's shoulders to hold on as he suckled on the tiny buttons. Warm, wet lips on her nipples. Each kiss along her areola sent tingly little sparks into her chest, until she made a tiny mewl. He didn't stay there long, and continued going down, and down, and down.

The man, on his knees, reached out for her legs, and squeezed on her thighs as he brought her in closer. She was standing, but Arturo was so tall compared to her, that as he brought her in closer, he lifted her. She whimpered at him, pouted her best pout, but to no avail. The man sat down on his butt and knees, and set her feet on his legs above the knee. With her height raised, standing on his quadriceps, he brought her closer yet again, and set his mouth upon her smooth pussy.

Tongue. Hot, wet tongue found her folds. No hiding it, she was already wet. In just a minute since her blushing, the two beasts had her wet, and mewling, and whimpering, and now she was reaching out to hold onto Arturo's head as the beast began to devour her.

Matthew disappeared, and she turned her head to try and find where the giant was going. But pressure, hot and dripping pushed along her folds and along her clitoris, ripping her attention back. The man between her legs was grinning up at her with his eyes, and she squeaked when he set his teeth against flesh. But he didn't bite, thank god, and resumed licking her. And growling against her smooth lips, rumbling, he licked harder.

"Art! S-Slow down... p-p-pl... you..." Too much, too fast! She needed to warm up first; or she should have. But her body knew better, and for all her begging, her nipples were hard enough to almost hurt, and her juices were already on her sex. She was all over Art's lips.

"We've been dating for several weeks now Tash," Matt said, returning, with a bottle of lubricant in his hand. Oh no. "We know what you look like when you want sex."

"I d-don't know y-y-nnng!" She squeaked, and dug her fingers into Art's hair as the man suckled on her clitoris.

Matt came up behind her, and also got down on his knees. "Hold still." An order, from Matthew, big, gentle giant man! He didn't shout it or say it with any harshness, but there was no doubt the man was giving her a command.

She tried to express her discontent, but it just kept coming out as whimpers. Art wouldn't stop licking her, and no matter how hard she tried to pretend it wasn't true, her body was on fire already. Embarrassing, to be so aroused, so quickly, and for the two men to be able to know it just by looking at her. And as Matt set his hands on her ass again, her whimpers turned into an outright moan as Art slipped two fingers inside her aching, squeezing depths.

"Art, p-please... sl..." He wasn't listening. He gazed up at her from between her legs, lips still pulling on her clit between bouts of licking, and his fingers starting to press forward toward her belly. And he pressed hard. A bump showed along her lower abdomen where the beast pressed against her g-spot; a flat stomach, subtle abs, and very tiny body frame meant every bit of pressure the animal pushed against her depths toward her stomach was shown along her skinny belly, below the navel.

It drove Art wild, and he started to finger her harder, push against her g-spot further, all while soaking her already dripping folds with his tongue. All she could do was hold on as the pleasure forced her muscles to squeeze.

But when Matt started to press wet fingers between her ass cheeks, she squeaked, and looked over at the giant. He was on his knees too, and while one hand was prying open her butt, the other was pushing thoroughly lubricated fingers against her entrance. Always they both wanted her, always at the same time! And after that first time, their insistence, their need, their aggression, it was always so high, and overpowering.

It scared her, thrilled her. And her body had no such inner conflicts about it, more than happy to give away her arousal with copious amounts of her juices, and endless panting.

Her grip tightened on Art's shoulders, and she whimpered for mercy as Matthew eased two of his large fingers into her tiny, squeezing body. Two sets of fingers, both wriggling, squirming, pushing and massaging against her insides, all while Art continued to gently suckle and kiss her clitoris, too soft to push her over the edge though. He didn't want her to cum with her clit, he wanted to her cum deep inside, where the muscles would spasm, squeeze, and fill her core with waves of deep, rolling bliss.

The two werewolves were far, far too good at what they were doing. Natasha knew the two men must have had a very large sexual history, but with both of them filling her and pressing against her spots, those spots, it was hard to care about anything else other than the pleasure tremors in her pelvis. Art took turns pressing her g-spot forward toward her belly, and then reached deeper, pushing his fingers against her depths toward her stomach as well. He knew where that spot was, deep inside, and he pushed on it hard enough to make a small bump along her abs just below her navel. All the while, Matt reached in deep as well, and pressed against her depths, finding the other side of her deepest place and pressing it toward Art.

It all left her a shaking, mewling mess. And a minute later, a cumming mess. She cried out, but her cries were quiet, without breath, nothing more than pants and whimpers as she held onto Art, and came onto his face. She could feel her juices, far more juices than there should have been, drip down onto him, and down her thighs. She could feel her inner muscles clench with all their might, before they convulsed in random spurts of bliss, and more of her liquids trickled out of her. The more they pressed against those deep places in her little body, the more her eyes rolled up, and the more she found herself teetering, body wanting to fall but unable to as the two beasts held her, and fingered her more, and more, and more.

When they stopped, she collapsed. Art and Matt both removed their fingers, and Art helped set her down on the floor, before the two of them stood up. In seconds, they tossed away their shirts, their pants, their underwear, their socks, until she was staring up at two very naked men. Her, on her knees, panting and trembling, while the two titans stood over her, members erect.

For a second, she thought maybe they would ask for blowjobs, and she didn't have the energy for that. She was still shaking, trembling, and attempts to stand failed as the pleasure coursed through her muscles and down to her toes. But, she knew they wanted more, and she tried to get away again as Matt reached out for her. Her attempt at escape was a pale comparison to last time, her legs refusing to work and all, and the giant only laughed as he scooped her up into his arms and cradled her as the two men walked toward her bedroom.

Arturo hopped onto her bed, grinned his evil bastard grin, and lay down on his back, his head on her pillow, and his hands out to motion for them to come to him.

"P-Please... need... break." Her voice was starting to come back. Still mostly pants and wavering squeaks, but at least it was there.

But they weren't listening, as if arousal had clogged their ears. Matt climbed onto the bed, set her down on Arturo's waist, and she trembled as she placed her hands upon his enormous chest. Hard, rock, muscle and blood. And as she sat there, shivering, staring down at his wide valley of strength, the wolf beneath her reached out and set his hands on her hips.

She whimpered as the beast forced her forward, so her clit, aching, swollen, slid along the veined girth. Back and forth, Art forced her smooth pussy to drag along his cock, until it was coated in her juices. She was soaked, and dripping, and she reached up to cover her face as she turned beet red.

Maybe she shouldn't have done that. Hiding her face behind fingers, she peeked through the cracks to find Art's face mad with voracious hunger, and sending more shivers through her spine. He forced her forward until his cock's head was pressing against the entrance of her, and angled her pelvis so the thick glans started to force her open when he pushed her back down toward his legs. And penetrated her. She gasped, reached down quick to grab his wrists, and held on as the man quickly sank his length into her. At least at first; he stopped once he had four of five inches inside her. With a few inches of his length still to go, she felt the man press against her depths, the swollen head of his shaft stretching her in deeper slightly. She meeped, and with a reflex, tried to push herself off of the enormous thing penetrating her, filling her, stretching her pussy taut with its thickness, and length. But Arturo growled, animal, vibrations she felt through her legs around his chest, and continued to push her down. 

There was no getting around the size difference. She was a very tiny woman, and Arturo was a huge man. A huge, ravenous, overpowering man. She was thankful that, in the middle of what appeared to be borderline insanity, he still knew to take those last few inches slowly, to let her aroused body accept and adjust to fit him. It hurt, to have her depths filled like this. But in moments, her boiling insides sent powerful jolts of pleasure down her thighs and up into her core as the man sank her deeper, and deeper onto him, the head of his cock consistently but gently pushing and massaging against her depths. Pain faded away, and electric shocks rippled outward as she finally managed to take every inch of his length.

Whimpering, she forced herself to look down. Her little lips were stretched so wide, taut, struggling to fit the beast inside her, and her clitoris stood out from her smooth skin, swollen and aching. Whimpering turned into another squeal as Matt got comfortable behind her on his knees, and pushed her torso forward a little.

"Matt! P-Please... I'm... I need a b-b-break..."

He wasn't listening either. Just like Art, there was a look on his face, of ravenous need, of overwhelming desire that both terrified her, and had her body singing with arousal. They wanted her this badly.

The giant set his glans against her ass, and started to press against her tight muscles. His shaft was lubricated now, she could tell, and with how much lube had already been worked into her butt, it started to slide in easily. At least, until the smallness of the hole, of her, her body, started to fight back against the man's girth.

She tried to sit up, to get back some measure of control, but as Matt began to sink his massive cock into her, he put one of his hands against her back, and pinned her. Wriggling, squirming, she could do nothing but lay there upon Art's chest, and tremble as Matt forced inch after inch of him into her ass. He was slow too, like Art, and knew how to make sure the lubricant and gentle, massaging rhythm worked together to allow her body to accept him. But she had no room! No space inside her, not for all this, for the both of them, filling her until she felt like she'd burst. Her sphincter squeezed down on the titan, the ring of muscle already taut with the girth of the man, but it did nothing to stop him. Pinned and helpless, Matt sank more of his cock into her body, more, and more, until she was sure the man was pushing into her stomach.

Somewhere, between getting pinned and Matt entering her, she'd started moaning. And as she did, she felt both the titans growl once more, deep rumbling sounds that sent vibrations through her. Trapped between walls of muscle and power, and all she could do was lay there, legs spread, and let the beast fill her.

Once her ass pressed tight against the wolf's pelvis, he removed his hand from her back, only to slide it forward over her shoulder, and around her neck. Matt scooped her toward his chest, again trapping her, but now with her back to his stomach, her head against his sternum — he was way too tall — and his arms around her. One of his giant hands trickled down her breasts, her belly, and down to her leg, while the other kept her neck in his hands.
