 I had magic fingers.

They weren't the kind that pulled rabbits from hats or coins from behind ears. I couldn't even do a decent three card monty. But I had magic fingers. I realized later that I had to have been using them for years without realizing it. Like when I first figured guys had been staring at my breasts. Or when I learned that I could turn heads in bars. Those things weren't as powerful as my magic fingers. They weren't as fun either. 

My magic fingers could turn respectable men into groveling, whimpering dogs. They could end a lecture or start an orgy. I fantasized about using them on someone powerful. I was looking forward to my college graduation. The valedictorian, Samuel, would be standing at the front of a sea of graduates talking about the future and I would slowly manipulate him. The thought of using my magic fingers for the first time on his robed, rigid figure at graduation was the only thing that kept me from doing it to him now, as he stood at the front of our shared Calculus class giving his final presentation in front of Dr. Payne. 

Dr. Payne was young, for a professor. Twenty-seven or twenty-eight. He was fit too, an avid climber at the college gym. On the first day of class I'd thought he was a student. It was his first year at Colorado State University, and I asked him if I could sit next to him because I didn't know there were any cute guys taking Multivariable Calculus. He laughed, of course, but I was embarrassed when Samuel walked in behind me and introduced himself to Dr. Payne by name. 

There was another cute guy taking Multivariable, though. Samuel. He was more hot than cute. Samuel was on the baseball team and spent almost as much time on the baseball diamond as he did in the Calculus classroom. 

Calculus was where I discovered my magic fingers. At least, Calculus was where I discovered how useful they were on other people. We were learning about triple integrals halfway through the semester from Dr. Payne. He stood at the chalkboard and his khaki pants clung to his solid figure. I was frustrated, horny, and a bit hungover from a party at Samuel's frat house, so my mind wandered. I thought how pleasant it'd be to slide my hand along Dr. Payne's ass as he kissed me in front of my peers. I moved my magic fingers along my bare thigh, just below the hem of my sundress, and they tingled as they ran over smooth skin that didn't feel my own.

Dr. Payne turned. He looked down to the empty space behind him and the lecture stopped abruptly. His sudden movement stopped my fingers in their place. I thought maybe I felt his ass tighten. 

"Something wrong, Dr. Payne?" Samuel asked. 

"No," Dr. Payne said. There wasn't anyone near him. I didn't quite understand what was going on either. "Nothing's wrong." He turned back to the lesson. 

I kept sliding my fingers up my leg and stopped when I realized the smooth, firm skin I was feeling wasn't my own. It looked innocent, from afar. My hand rested idly on my leg. In my mind, however, I could feel Dr. Payne's toned figure. It was taut, like he squatted frequently. I pushed my fingers deep and massaged his ass. God, I wanted to bite him. I wanted to taste his skin.

Dr. Payne patted the back of his pants casually, like he was knocking away a fly. 

I thought about sliding my hand around his hip, and realized I didn't need to move my magic fingers to feel further along his body. I wasn't sure if it was my hungover mind or reality but as my hands rested still in my lap and I felt the curve of his hip and the firm turn of his iliac crest. I moved my fingers down and brushed against his neatly trimmed pubis. Startled, I pulled back in my mind and realized where I was.

My cheeks were flush. I could feel a drip of sweat running down the back of my neck. I pulled my red hair over my ear and sat straight in my seat. I hadn't heard a word Dr. Payne was saying. 

Dr. Payne turned toward the class and walked to the podium in front of Samuel's desk. He was uncomfortable as we stepped away from the board. He shifted one had into his pocket and scratched. He was reacting as if my fingers had slid along his skin exactly as I imagined. He opened a textbook on the podium and read one of the passages. The words floated through my aching head without sticking. I wondered what his abs felt like, his arms, the scruff on his cheeks.

His forearms were incredible. He hid them under a blue, long-sleeve shirt but as I ran my magic fingers from his palm to his bicep I was swept back into the fantasy. The thought of having Dr. Payne's thick, strong hands pushing into my hips as I gripped at his forearms made me blush. I slid down his chest and he shivered, stuttering over a word as he spoke. His abs were tight. I visualized running both hands down the length of his body and my magic fingers tingled. They rest in my lap and on his body at the same time. 

He was naked in my mind's eye. My magic fingers slid along him at the front of the classroom like he were in the buff, submitting to my every whim. 

Bold, and entranced by his powerful figure, I moved my left hand to his cock.

Dr. Payne's pubic hair was short, neat, and framed him well. I reached from above, descending around his clean member and saw his eyes open wide in front of his students. The earlier petting left him aroused. He wasn't hard yet, but as my fingers felt the veins that stretched his length blood pushed into him and pulsed against my touch. I wrapped my fingers and squeezed lightly. It was like touching a cock for the first time, but somehow better. The sensation of his penis growing in my hand as I sat in a hard chair at the back of his classroom redoubled my arousal. I wanted to taste him; to slide my tongue in his mouth while we stood naked in front of my peers. 

I imagined biting his lower lip as I pumped my hand along him and he choked on the word he was saying. I hadn't heard half the lecture but I was pulled from my fantasy as he raised his hand to his mouth. 

"Professor, if triple integrals are a logical extension, does it make sense to do a quadruple integral of something?" Samuel asked, mistaking the pause for a planned silence in the lecture. 

"Uh," Dr. Payne thought. I squeezed his cock. He was fully erect now, and large. It took more than a moment to run my magic fingers all the way across his length. He was lucky he was standing behind the podium. I stretched in my seat to see if I could see the bulge in his pants but the lip of the podium hid it. 

"Professor?"

"Yes, but we won't—" I pulled my fingers up his shaft. "—be discussing that here. You're talking about something outside of Euclidean space." Dr. Payne's lips quivered as he spoke.

I ran my magic fingers up and down his cock with sultry precision. Just enough to slide over the tip and pick up his precum and pull it back down over his smooth skin. I grew wet as I moved him toward an orgasm. I imagined sliding my tongue along his slit and immediately tasted his essence. It was salty, and pulled me into my head. God I wanted to fuck him. Dr. Payne's shivering figure at the front of the room enjoyed my timid fantasies as I sat rocking in my desk at the back. I wrapped my lips around his tip and swirled my tongue—

A rapid knock on the door signaled the next class was waiting outside. 

"That's—" He came. "—all for today, class." Dr. Payne bent over the podium, leaning his elbows against the surface. He bit his own lip, doing his best to mask the tremendous orgasm. I closed my lips, his cum slid over my tongue and into my mouth like I was on my knees in front of him. My magic fingers rested on the base of his cock and enjoyed every pulsing moment. 

"Dr. Payne," Samuel said. He stood up and started toward the professor.

"Come see me at office hours, Samuel." Dr. Payne grabbed the textbook from his podium and hurried past him. He didn't make eye contact with me as he fled the class, covering his sullied pants with the math book. 

I moved my tongue around my mouth. His load rested warm there. Embarrassed, hoping no one noticed the sweat on my palms and the flush about my cheeks, I swallowed, and began contemplating how much I could do with my new power.