 It was difficult for Oluth to convince us to stop sucking his cock. He had to pry Saela's lips from his thick ball sack and hold her away from himself, while shifting his hips to rob my whorish lips of the thick slab of meat I was nursing on. 

"Enough you two! You may pleasure me more after we've put distance between Ailara's former home and us. Do you heed me?" He eyed us dangerously, and we both submissively nodded. He appraised his two cockslaves a moment. "And change your clothes. You are covered in my seed." 

We stripped down and I went to my wardrobe. Saela meekly followed me. "I don't actually have any more clothes." She whimpered. 

"Not my problem." I said, sorting through one of a hundred outfits, trying to determine what would best please my bull-god.

"It is NOW." Oluth snorted from behind us both, his base voice stiffening every clit within earshot. 

"Oh fine." I gasped, exasperated at this shoddy treatment. "You may take what you wish, little Elvin bitch." 

"Thank you!" She smiled sweetly at me, the insolent twat.

I had fun despite myself, rubbing my obvious superiority as she tried on outfit after outfit. "There now, you see? That will never fit right... your breasts are not nearly so large, so nicely shaped as my own. Nope, that won't work either... see? The dress is made for a woman with real curves...and some height. Oh, no, that scarf will never fit over those ridiculous ears of yours. Oh I'm sorry, while that might be the right height for you, it was what I wore when I was 12... my bosoms were STILL bigger than yours, I hope that doesn't hurt your feelings as much as I expect that it might." 

I twisted the knife like this until she was at last dressed in an ill-fitting shirt, tied off at the waist to show her inadequate (yet large) breasts, and a baggy pair of trousers that I used in the garden. Those she could at least roll up to compensate for her nearly foot-shorter in height. I myself favored a superbly tight, white top that fought to contain my busty form, adding a shorter peasant skirt and sandals to the mix.

Well it was warm! 

* * *

We trekked through plains and hills and finally came to the woods between us and what Oluth was pretty sure would be civilization. None of us were experienced adventurers, but we all knew we'd at least need provisions. Oluth had taken to throwing my wardrobe hundreds of yards ahead of us and catching up to it. He argued that it was better than lugging it everywhere, and that he found it strangely satisfying. Fortunately the old thing is sturdier than a ship, so it could take the abuse for a while at least. 

When we reached the tree line, Saela seemed to melt into it. She'd be in the branched above us showing us to a clearing or stream one moment, a disembodied voice hidden by foliage the next. Her people, it would seem, were of the woods, and all Syfaerel are specially attuned to one environment or another. Savages. 

Still, it was she who warned us of impending danger while we stopped to drink. 

"There are men back there. A hundred at least. If the crest on your wardrobe is your husband's sigil, than they are with him, for they bear it as well"

Oluth shrugged. "Let them come. I will crush them." 

"They have Aurks too." Said Saela.

"How unfortunate for those Aurks." Oluth cracked his thick neck in a roll of his head, throwing his arms out in loose swings, limbering up his massive muscles. 

Saela coughed, "I'm sure you could win sir, but there is an alternative."

"Why would I seek an alternative?" He rumbled. 

"Because if you kill a hundred men here in this forest, you will attract the attention of more than just Ailara's beloved patriarch." I winced at her words as she continued, "With that much blood on your hands he'll be able to enlist the aid of all the surrounding kingdoms. You can defeat a hundred...but a thousand my lord? A hundred thousand?" 

Oluth tapped a finger against one of his horns thoughtfully. "You are right. If I'm branded a monster, they will bring whatever resources they need until I'm brought down. Even if I could defeat all comers, I would hate to be responsible for the slaughter of good men who have nothing to do with this little feud between me and the one-inch-lord." He seemed to glare at me for a fraction of a second, perhaps regretting having me along, but it quickly passed. 

"What is this... Alternative?" He inquisitively intoned.

"There is a hidden cave mouth a half-league that way," She said, pointing, "I can lead you to it. I do not know what is inside, if anything, but I doubt it could be worse than the hundred in pursuit." 

"Take us." The Myrnotaur commanded.

* * * 

The cave was indeed serviceable, if not dark and damp. Saela could see fine it seemed, and had no end in fun pinching me or leading me to stumble in the blackness, given that I could not retaliate. At one point she bid us to halt, and expressed some surprise. 

"There's a hidden door here...I'd say human-made. Do you wish to investigate?" She asked. 

Oluth took a moment to answer, perhaps shrugging, and then said "Yes, perhaps it will act as another layer against discovery if it is safe to stay."

There was a great scraping sound as Saela grunted against the weight, then the passage flooded with light. We were looking into a hallway that appeared clean, and dry. Great Candelabras hung from the ceiling every ten paces or so, and there were many doors set into the long corridor. 

As we moved through, we peered into room after room. Some seemed suitable as bedrooms, complete with aged furniture; others were clearly for another purpose. Racks and Iron Maidens and Manacles abounded. Clearly this facility had served for a torturer at some point, though it did not appear to host any guests now. 

"We should find a place to sleep. Perhaps a room large enough to store three of these beds." 

We picked through, finally coming to a large central room. Oluth opened the door, all of us starting at the sudden presence of another person.

She was beautiful. Clad in purple velvet, reclining luxuriously on a cushy looking sofa she took us in. 

Her eyes were deep blue pools, her face perfect and pale beneath cascading jet-black hair. Beneath her bodice strained a pair of breasts, the largest I'd ever seen, larger than my own yet somehow firmer, defying gravity with no clear means of support. My lower lip trembled in anguished jealousy as I took in the rest of her lush curves, her long legs, he bright red lips, easily as full as my own. 

"Ah..." She said slowly, "Visitors." 

"Yes..." Said Oluth, blinking as he stepped into the room. This was the first time I'd seen him actually dazzled by someone's beauty. She raised a hand while he entered, strange black streams of light pouring into her palm. When he'd cleared the threshold she extended her arm towards him, the black mass flying out and striking him with an earthshaking crunch, bodily knocking him into the wall. He fell to the door with a limp thud, his colossal body at rest. 

"OLUTH!" Saela and I cried together, suddenly charging into the room. The magenta clad bitch only laughed, gathering more strands of light in both hands before unleashing torrents of grey that wrapped our bodies, encasing us in immovable energies. 

"Witch!" I hissed at her as my heavy top cushioned my fall painfully when I pitched forwards.

"Enchantress, please. You may call me Valsivale if you prefer." 

"How did you do that?" Saela seemed more respectful than afraid or angry.

She smiled. "Ah you like it? I consider it more a science than a form of magic. Magic, we all know was dead centuries ago. This is different." 

"Stuff your lecture you...you whore-spawned wench!" I stammered out, straining against the bonds.

"Oh, well in that case you get the long lecture." She sneered down at me, stretching and sitting up slightly now as she spoke. Whenever you experience a strong emotion... like the rage and jealousy and fear you are emanating now..." Her eyes flitted around me, looking at something I could not see. "...The strength of your feelings are discharged as raw energy that lingers for decades after. All I have done is simply learned to channel that energy into a like form." She swept her arm, a little hand of green energy forming before me and suddenly giving me a harsh slap across the face. 

"That was a taste of your own jealousy." She gestured to Oluth's unconscious form, "And that I was able to do with the stored up resentment and rage of the captors once held within these walls. This is a stronghold of such feelings, along with fear and pain of course." 

She snapped her head back to the two of us again, "OH! The lust he inspires! I have not seen its like....I must find out what the cause is." With that she slowly stood and walked gracefully towards the prone Myrnotaur, her nipples visibly stiffening beneath her outfit. Saela and I both gave piteous cries, struggling ever harder to save him from whatever this witch intended. 

She peeled back his cloth, marveling at the limp length of meat that lay on the floor, the weighty balls which lolled beside it. She leaned in close, letting herself sink to hands and knees just to examine this incredible specimen more clearly, lips parted, tongue darting out for a horny taste of air as she closed in. 

Suddenly Oluth's hand shot down, seizing the base of his limp cock with a hand, and whipping it up to strike the side of her head, hard, knocking her onto her side.

"Your magic did hurt, impudent Enchantress, but you underestimated what I could withstand!" He growled as he leapt to a crouch, striking her viciously with his enormous soft club as she tried to gather more emotion into her palm. Two more such heavy cockslaps and her eyes were rolling as she sprawled on the ground. The bonds holding Saela and I faded; we stood and cautiously approached. 

"Join these two members of my Harem, Enchantress... swear your fealty to me." Oluth commanded, cock dangling dangerously between her eyes that still fought to focus.

"Never!" She spat, 

"Then you may polish these until you change your mind." With a horny grunt, he squatted, covering her whole face with his tremendous ball back. She turned her head, this way and that, unable to escape, unable to concentrate on her hellish magics.

She fought hard at first, then something, I don't know if it was his sheer potency, or something in the heady musk his balls put out, but she submitted herself, eagerly slurping and sucking on his massive cum crates, licking them and rolling them around. His cock began to harden, slipping up her body, shoving her tits around and sliding across her face in the process. He pulled back, putting a huge hand to her forehead to keep her from lifting her face back into his scrotum. She whined and stuck out her tongue, just fighting for another lick of ball meat. 

"You are mine. Swear it." Oluth commanded.

"No please, just one more taste of your balls" She whimpered. 

"Swear you are mine. You belong to me now."

She struggled, conjuring a tiny spark of magic to her palm, which Oluth calmly dissipated with a gentle cockslap across one of her now exposed tits (How had they come out? I could not say!) Her whole body went slack as she resigned herself to her fate. 


"Very well Myrnotaur. I am yours. I belong to you." She sighed with relief as he allowed his balls to drop again, rubbing her face into the massive nuts with obscene slurping lewdness.

Saela and I could only stare on with jealousy as Valsivale devoted herself to the worship of Oluth's magnificent scepter, puckering her so thick lips up before sinking it into her face. She stretched her jaw low, rolling her tongue out to lavish slobber upon the shaft as its prodigious length claimed more and more and more and more of her throat, inch after inch disappearing down into what seemed like an endless, moist gullet. 

Oluth tangled a hand in her hair and rolled her head back and forth with an ounce of his strength. The filthy noises of a throat attempting to reverse itself filled the room as the great Myrnotaur fed her what must have been half of him, great tendrils of silver and white pouring from her lips, connecting tit to chin to lip to massive fuckstick. While I could barely stay conscious enduring such a ravaging in my throat, Valsivale reached out to caress and massage his pendulous balls, purring between gagging noises at their weight. 

"Be rougher with them than that!" Oluth commanded, "I am more male than you are used to." 

She did not dispute him in this claim, and proceeded to tug and squeeze his bombastic balls with ever more vigor. Here what would have reduced a lesser man to a kneeling weeping infant, mewling as he clutched at such abused testicles, only spurred Oluth on to swing his hips, snorting hard from his great nostrils as he punished the Sorceress' throat as she in turn reprimanded his hearty nut globes. 

Oluth groaned now, truly using her whole body for his selfish pleasure, he pinned her head to the wall and began to spear her deep. It was the roughest I'd ever seen him, and perhaps her earlier attack was still being accounted for as he glided now what must have been two feet of fat fuckshaft in and out of her. With each thrust in there was a ragged choking noise, ultimately stifled by his girth, and on each drag backwards there came a burbling gag followed by an explosion of frothy precum and saliva. 

His balls hung low enough that now they swung forward to collide with her tremendous yet firm breasts, envy striking like a bell in my heart each time the orbs struck home, rippling her titflesh, marinating in the mixture that now coated her. 

"I suppose I should finally initiate one of you properly." Oluth grunted, pulling out and drawing her up into higher kneeling posture. He seized his cock in both hands, tapping it once against each shoulder like a king knighting some lucky peasant, finally sweeping it a third time like a mighty cudgel, cracking against the side of her head, sending her to the ground in a puddle of juices. 

She batted her eyes, dazed as he pumped his tremendous weapon in both hands, gliding up and down it in long 14-inch strokes, pleasuring himself until his torrent erupted at last. Valsivale moaned and purred in the shower of his seed, turning this way and that to bask unspunked areas of her body in his rich seed, massaging it into her breasts and cheeks and thighs, her face twisting in cathartic release as she gave herself so completely to him. 

"What in the name of the gods..." came a new voice. A contingent of my husband's men it would seem, had found their way to us. 

* * * 

Four of them strode boldly into the room. It was obvious from the looks on their faces that they were jealous of the titanic wad Oluth had just blown, each of them nervously eyeing his softening member before it disappeared beneath his loincloth, then more sagaciously at Valsivale, still pearl-coated and moaning, and lastly we two, the defenseless Syphaerel and me, their target. 

Oluth began to plod towards them, nostrils flaring, when Valsivale shot out a hand. Tendrils of that black energy --what I now suppose must have been the emotions of captivity that hung so heavy here-- ensnared the great Myrnotaur, halting his progress. 


"WHAT BETRAYAL IS THIS!?" Oluth roared, his tremendous muscles truly straining for the first time I'd ever seen. The disks in his arms nearly doubled in size as his gorgeous pectorals fought the magical entanglement. 

"Hush darling," Said Valsivale, "I'm just not going to let you risk that precious meat in battle. In this place, at least, I can defend you just fine. 

She was still devoted it seemed, and I could tell by the look on his face that she was going to get a vengeful, brutal fucking when this was over with

"Now let's see here..." Said Valsivale, as the invading men seemed to recover from their fear somewhat and begin coming into the room with caution "This place still has some vindictive sentiments floating around..." 

Valsivale absent-mindedly extended a hand, a strange red light gathering in it. It danced along her fingers and whipped out, five lashes of pure cruelty raking across the men. They showed no sign of physical harm, but each writhed in the grip of agony as though they'd been flayed by an actual scourge. 

"And there's still some Sadness..." She drew both hands up, a weird blue light shining between her palms, expanding out in a cone that caused the next wave of men to sink to their knees, each one grieving, most in tears. 

"But what this room is mostly filled with now, thanks to you my sweet Myrnotaur, is pure unbridled lust!" Now she rolled her eyes to the back of her head, hands moving to cup both of her enormous breasts, a deep violet energy welling up from deep inside her, exploding outwards to fill the room. 

None escaped the effects of this spell, the men who were just now entering, those who lay on the ground in pain and those who had been sobbing all developed obvious erections. Though bound, Oluth's mighty cock rose with such speed that the crack of his mind-rending shaft against his exquisite abdominal muscles was like a clap of thunder. 

Saela fell to her knees, fingers rapidly frigging her poor little Elvin clitoris with the urgency of an unscratchable itch, and my own breasts almost sat upright with the tensile, quivering stiffness that suddenly struck my nipples. 

A wild look was in Valsivale's eyes now, whether it was her spell affecting herself or simply some sort of fetish for control I could not be sure, but she ceded that control to her new master. 

"Shall I kill them, great Myrnotaur?" She asked the still ensnared Oluth.

"No." It seemed he was still concerned about greater numbers. The men seemed oblivious, each now working out his stiff prick for a vigorous wank. 

There was nothing impressive amongst them, and I was quite relieved when Valsivale raised her hands and gathered another spell, a strange sky-blue light this time. "Then I shall make use of the last emotion so heavy here...that of the prisoners yearning to escape!" 

With this all of us were suffused in a flash, and I expect to those poor wanking wastrels, we must have simply vanished. 

* * *

"Well done, Valsivale. I am called Oluth, and I am well-pleased that you are now in my harem." He strode forward now, evidently free. Despite the overwhelming force she'd displayed back in the dungeon, she shook like a leaf at his approach, clearly utterly subdued by his magnificent presence, not to mention the libido-shattering erection that was wagging in front of him like some obscene lever as he walked. 

"Thank you, Master." She said, head lowered humbly.

"I would ask one last show of your loyalty." Oluth rumbled. 

"Anything, Master. I swear an oath to live for nothing but the salt of your ball sack and the sweetness of your cum."

"That is a strong oath, but I would instead ask this of you. Grant Ailara and Saela one wish each of their choice, your power is great and I'm sure they would accept you with far less jealousy if you were to reward them." 

She pondered a moment. "I would grant them anything in your name, Master... but I fear that where we stand now is empty of strong emotion. No one has experienced a passionate moment on this hill, it would seem, in at least an age. The only feelings strong enough to draw from are the lust generated by your harem, and little sparks of jealousy and desire." 

"Then make them wishes of lust, jealousy, and desire." He commanded. 

She nodded, and then turned to me.

"What would you like lady..." She trailed off. 

"Ailara!" I snapped. "Don't look at my face directly! Show some respect you peasant!" 

She giggled, "Well if that's your one wish..." And started to turn away. The thought of Saela having an edge on me was too much to bear, so I was hasty to run around and slightly kneel before Valsivale. "No no no...I'm sorry...that wasn't supposed to be my wish. Please forgive me" 
