 For the first while all was chaos in the tiny cell.

It seemed that I might be torn limb from limb, such was the ferocity of the galley slaves as they pulled me hither and thither, eager to use me.

I was entered variously.

The member rammed Into my mouth made it difficult for me to breathe, whilst my two lower holes were also swiftly penetrated. However, as the mass of brawny galley slaves wrestled one with another, those that had invaded me seemed to be forcibly pulled away, new assailants of my flesh attempting to take their places in my orifices.

As my mouth was briefly vacated in the melee I screamed, abjectly. I was being pawed, mauled, scratched, but so were the galley slaves, as their fellows tried to supplant them in me.

After a few moments, one of the slaves, perhaps of higher caste, or simply larger and more powerful than the rest, commanded order, and was, perhaps with some recognition that the prevailing carnal anarchy was of little benefit to anyone, obeyed.

He directed one slave to the floor, he on the end of the chain, and then I was placed above him, so that he could utilize my rear hole. Four slaves were then assigned to each of my wrists and ankles, so that I was upon the floor spread-eagled, and penetrated from behind. Then one slave knelt so that he could place his organ in my mouth, one close behind him, so that he could use my breasts to stimulate him, and one took my sex, all three kneeling over me. 

Others, perhaps reluctantly, must await their turn, but knew at least that, when it did come, they would not be swiftly jostled and obstructed by their fellows. The order was essentially dictated by their position on the coffle chain that still bound them together, so that they were able to monitor, to some extent, whose turn it was to pleasure themselves with me, and in what place, and thus make sure that all of them were eventually able to gain access to my body.

Although I was able to simultaneously serve the three men kneeling upon me, and the one below, I also found that those holding my wrists expected me to further administer to them with my hands, and even those holding my ankles seemed to find some pleasure from me, such were their needs. 

Even amongst those who had to wait their turn for a while, there were several, I saw, that were reduced to pleasuring themselves with their own hands, but the majority were able to await their own turn on me.

In this manner, for what seemed an eternity, in the dim light and stench of the crowded slave cell I serviced the galley slaves. 

The most difficult aspects were trying not to choke, and hoping desperately that the brute in my mouth did not tumesce sufficiently to block my air intake, or at least erupted swiftly after gaining his full size, this in addition to accommodating the various rhythms of those using me front and back.

To my surprise and shame, despite the brutal treatment, I was not slow to begin bucking and writhing, my cries stifled by the male member filling my mouth.

Soon, the man at my sex had spurted his seed inside my well lubricated sex, and was swiftly supplanted by another..Each time the slave beneath me was superseded there was, for me, a brief respite, as all had to wait until a new slave was placed in position underneath my body.

The fellows beneath me did not seem too hurried, content to exploit my rear hole in a fairly leisurely manner. I was thankful for this, as I was unused to being penetrated in this ignominious way, but the pain was not as awful as it might have been.

Even so, I wondered how long I might survive such fierce use, as the second batch of men ejaculated variously into my orifices, once more to be replaced by their appetent successors.

I found myself induced to repeated sexual climax, my incoherent moanings and desperate writhing soliciting amusement amongst those using me and watching on. 

I began to feel that I was drifting from consciousness, but a sharp slap on my body ensured that once more I was able to give my multiple partners some sufficient measure of my attention.

Presumably, I was able to service them all in this manner, as after a while the fellow under me spoke, and their uses of me began to grow less frenzied. At times there were only one or two using me at a time, and they were able to place me in new positions as it suited them.

It was utterly dark in the cell now. I could feel that I was absolutely drenched in their discharges. I wondered what kind of a sight I would make in the light of day and even this thought was enough to set me moaning and squirming. 

How far I had come, I thought, from the girl who had been assessed at a mere one out of ten for her slave heat. 

What would Thurnus would think of me now, his pierced eared barbarian being fiercely used, attempting to satisfy the urges of a whole crew of sex-deprived galley slaves? 

What would Lady Draca make of the girl that she had dismissed as unfit to serve in the alcoves of the Juicy Pudding?

Although it was now impossible to see anything, I was still being used, albeit not with the fierceness attendant upon my earlier ravishings. Now that my cellmates had all had me at least once, I felt them now taking longer to satisfy themselves, and more thoroughly using my various holes as they became available for use.

Eventually they were happy to pass me around from man to man, and although there was still occasionally some expressions of impatience, and attempts to double up in the usage of me, things were generally calmer. 

From the snoring sounds, some of the men had even managed to find enough space in the tiny cell in which to sleep, although unlike the infamous occasion in the alcove of the Juicy Pudding, plenty remained awake to use my body in every way possible.

Despite my own exhaustion,no such somnolence was permitted to me, of course, as the demands placed upon my body, although less than previously, were continuous and rigorous.

Such was my lassitude however, that even though my body was in continuous use, I found myself flitting in and out of consciousness. Sometimes I was brought from this state swiftly, by a cuff or slap, at other times it seemed that it had not been noticed, and I might awaken to find a new man on top of me. 

As light began to seep back into the cell. I realised that I had spent the entire night in congress, as it were.

Most of the men were asleep now, and only a few were still taking their turns with me, as the dim light in the cell increased.

Guards came down the steps and barked instructions. It would seem that the owner of the Northern Wind had settled his affairs with the governors of the City, and the slaves were being sent back to the boat.

They did not seem particularly happy with this arrangement, but had little choice as the guards opened the hatch and pulled the coffle chain, and they gradually were pulled up from the sunken cell.

Several bid me farewell with sexual noises and gestures as they went on their way, and then the grating was once more closed, and I found myself alone in the cell. 

How grateful I felt, and how luxurious it seemed, to be able to curl up nude on the filthy straw of a sunken cell. 

I was terribly sore. 

My limbs ached, and i knew that I would ache for a long time. Despite this, I must have fallen asleep almost immediately, as when I was once more awoken the light in the cell was much greater.

A guard was there above me, and he beckoned me to the grating of the cell. Despite my aching limbs and soreness, I immediately complied, and he pulled me easily up to the floor of the room above.

Instinctively I knelt before him, knees wide, arms on my thighs, palms upwards. He regarded me, looking me over.

"What a state you are in, slavegirl, you are a disgrace," he sneered.

I said nothing to this, although it seemed to me rather an unfair assertion, given that it was on the order of the guards that I had been subjected to the rigours of sharing the slave cell with my thirty ravenous cellmates.

"It is time for your trial. I would have thought that you would have wished to present yourself before the court in a somewhat more decorous state, but it is your own choice."

I rather doubted this, although I suppose i could, in hindsight, have used the interval between the galley slaves and my own removal from the cell to attempt to clean myself up a little. However, in the event, I had been too tired for this possibility to have even entered my head.

I followed him along corridors, until we came to a large door, outside of which several people were waiting. No-one else was nude, and several sneers were directed to me, regarding my general state of attire and filthiness.

One of the men had a scroll, and asked the guard who brought men "Is this the slave Suckslut?"

"Aye," confirmed my guard.

"Good," he said, she is the last of this batch. He is getting through them quickly. Ready her, and make sure she is gagged."

"Of course," said the Guard.

After a short while the door opened and a number of people came out. Some were smiling, some were not. There was also one other gagged, nude, girl, that I presumed to also be a slave. She was crying bitterly.

We went into the courtroom.

There was a sort of platform that, I suppose, served as a dock.

We were lined up in a row.

On a dais looking down at us was a stern man. He seemed vaguely bored, as if what was taking place was of little import.

"Is this all of the next batch?" he asked.

"Aye," said a guard.

The judge, as I assumed him to be from his demeanour, read from a scroll.

"Step forward Antiphon," he commanded.

One of our number stepped forward.

"You are charged with littering the highway by allowing your animal to foul the Main Square. How do you plead?"

"Guilty," said he who I assumed to be Antiphon.

"Fined three copper pieces," said the judge, then, "Step forward Geminus,"

Another stepped forward.

"You are charged with providing short measure of bread in the market place, by adulterating said bread with other substances. How do you plead?"

"Guilty," said he who I assumed to be Geminus.

"Fined four copper pieces," said the judge, then, "Step forward, Suckslut."

Nervously, I stepped forward.

"How did she get in that state?" asked the judge, "She is covered in sex discharge."

"There were galley slaves in the slave cell last night," said the guard who had brought me in, as if this explained everything.

"Harrumph! Well, next time wash the slave," said the judge, "She dirties the courtroom, and I can smell her stink from here."

There was some laughter, rather sycophantic I thought. The judge regarded his scroll, and read from it in a manner even more offhand and disinterested than the cases of Antiphon and Geminus.

"You are charged with stealing animal fodder from your Mistress," he intoned, "How do you plead? Whimper once for guilty, twice for not guilty."

Nervously I whimpered twice.

The judge regarded me over the scroll.

"Once for guilty, twice for not guilty," he said again.

I quailed fearfully, but once more managed to whimper twice.

"Very well," said the judge, "You are thus a liar as well as a thief. You are to be branded as such, and then sold for animal fodder, the proceeds to go to the state."

I managed a murmur of protest into my gag.

"Step forward, Thymaridas," said the judge.

Another stepped forward, as the judge read his scroll.

"You are charged with selling sul paga to a minor," said the judge, "How do you plead?"

"Guilty," said Thymaridas.

"Fined two copper pieces," said the judge, "We will have a short break before the next batch are brought in, in order for the dock to be cleaned from the stench of the slavegirl.

"Yes, Lord," said one of the guards.

It seemed that my trial was over. I was too numb almost to think.

I had thought to have had at least a chance to explain the circumstances surrounding my arrest, but I suppose I should have known that when I had been gagged before entering the court, that this was unlikely to be the case.

We were marched out of the court, Antiphon, Geminas, Thymaridas, and myself. 

We had all been convicted of our crimes, but whereas they had each been fined amounts of copper coins, it seemed that I was to be branded as a thief and liar, and then to be sold off for sleen meat.

****

I had been branded before of course. 

A mark, like a flower, had been seared into my flesh at the slave house of Thurnus.

Thusly, I had some inkling of what to expect, but it is, nonetheless, difficult to convey the pain of it.

At the slave house I had thought that whatever my fate, it plainly could be no worse than the pens.

I had been informed that my left buttock was to be branded with the first letter of the word 'thief'.

I felt the heat of the brand on my ass before the searing pain and the crackle as the mark was burnt into me, indelibly. I had been given a stick of a soft substance, a little like rubber, such that I could bite into, and not risk biting off my tongue. I wondered why I was being afforded this kindness when I was subsequentlly going to be sold off for animal fodder, but I suppose that they were keen to minimise the mess and did not want blood on the floor.

I cannot adequately describe the pain. I would say that it was, perhaps, slightly less than my first branding, as I was, at least, aware of how bad it was going to be. However, it seemed that the brand was larger than the flower burnt into my leg, and the curvature of my ass meant that it was deeper. 

At any rate, I must have lost consciousness, because I was brought back to reality with a dousing of water.

I could hardly believe the pain in my left buttock. 

I had been informed that my right buttock was to be branded with the first letter of the word 'liar'.

Again I felt the heat first before the searing pain. 

Again I lost consciousness.

****

I hung from the chains.

A man stood before me, with a guard.

I had been informed that he was a wigmaker.

He shook his head.

"No," he said, "We simply don't have any call for blonde hair at the moment. I can shave her if you want, but you will have to pay me, I'm not going to do it for free."

The guard looked doubtful.

"There must be some rich old hag who would like a head of thick blonde hair," he commented.

"Not nowadays," said the wigmaker, "It is considered barbarian hair. Auburn is all the rage. I would give you a good price for that, or even brunette, but no, I can't take it. You might try the rope-maker."

He shook his head sadly.

"We are not going to pay you to take off her hair," said the guard.

I felt absurdly grateful for this.

****

The man regarded me doubtfully, and stroked his chin. He went around behind me, and I felt him tug at my hair.

"Not very long, is it?" he said.

"She is a barbarian," said the guard, "Their slaves do not generally have long hair, apparently."

"Primitive fools. Let it grow for a month or two," said the rope-maker, "and ask me again. It's healthy and thick, but not long enough to make a decent length of rope, and would be far too much work to link together."

"I see," said the guard.

****

The man's hands were at my belly, touching and feeling me. He wore a tunic, considerably besmeared with blood. I squirmed a little, hanging in my ropes, my tiptoes on the ground.

"She is scrawny," he said, "No fat on her at all."

He pawed me further. 

I had been assessed on previous occasions of course, but this time I was being evaluated solely for my worth as meat.

"Her ass is nicely rounded, at least," commented the guard, hopefully, "A nice morsel for sleen to get their teeth into."

The butcher looked doubtful. 

"I don't think there is enough to make a decent meal for the sleen," he said, "By the time we transport her, shave her hair off, get her certified disease-free, debone her and so on, we're losing out."

"How much do you think, then?" queried the guard, impatiently.

"Give me a copper coin and I'll take her off your hands."

"No," said the guard, "We are not authorised to do that, we need to get a price for her."

"Then I can't help you," said the butcher, "Fatten her up and ask me again."

The guard sighed.

"I see," he said.

The butcher left, and I dangled in front of the guard.

"It would seem, my dear," said the guard, "That you are utterly worthless. What are we to do with you?"

"Might I not be permitted to serve in a tavern, Master?" I asked, hopefully.

"You'd like that, slut, I have no doubt," he said, with a grin, "But you are a liar and a thief. Your ass now proclaims that fact to the world. No tavern would touch you. Plus, of course, you have been sentenced to be used as animal fodder. That is how fair justice works, my dear."

"I'll take her off your hands," said a voice.

At first it seemed that the voice came from nowhere, but on looking down I saw a familiar face.

"Indeed?" questioned the guard, "And who might you be?"

"I am Tupp," said Tupp, "I will take her off your hands for nothing if you like."

"And use her for animal fodder?" asked the guard.

"Perhaps," said Tupp.

The guard looked unconvinced.

"You would take her for nothing?" he queried.

"Aye," said Tupp.

"If I made her over to you, and she was found alive in the City, you know that you would also be punished for harbouring a convicted thief?"

"Of course," said Tupp.

"So you are not thinking of trying to keep her?" asked the guard.

"I will of course obey the law of the City," said Tupp.

"I will check with the Praetor," said the guard.

****

Tupp, who could not write, signed his mark to the document. Apparently, it guaranteed that he would see to it that I would be slaughtered for animal fodder.

The Praetor handed me over to him.

"Remember the conditions, dwarf," he said, "We know her, and her ass has been double-branded. If she is found alive in the City, you will also be punished."

"Of course, good Sir," said Tupp, somewhat obsequiously, "I would not dream of going against the fair covenants of the City."

"Very well," said the Praetor, "Then I accordingly hand over this slave..." he consulted a document, "Formerly Beast 13 of the slavehouse of Thurnus, and currently named Suckslut, to Tupp, a free man of no fixed abode. On condition that he turns her into animal fodder, or," he looked knowingly at Tupp I thought, "that she is not further seen or heard of in this City."

"I give my solemn word as a free man, as well as my mark," said Tupp.

****

We walked downhill towards the port. I on a leash, behind my Lord, Overseer, and Master.

He carried a switch.

I was numb with fear.

"You will have me butchered?" I quavered, fearfullly.

"I dare say so, in time," said Tupp, "When I grow weary of you. In the meantime, I intend to wring every last droplet of effort and profit and slave juice from your worthless body. Thanks to you, I am penniless, and without a home, so I will use you to make my way in the world. By the time I have got my worth out of you, my lying, thieving, pointless barbarian slut, you will beg to be animal feed."

I rather doubted this, but did not comment upon his assertion.

"What if we are caught within the City? The Praetor said that he would punish us both."

"I have booked us upon a galley, which is sailing today, for the north."

"At the port?"

Tupp turned and swished his switch, it hissed and caught me on the thigh. I yelped.

"Of course at the port, you stupid slut, where did you think it would be? In future you will ask my permission before asking a question, and I believe that I have instructed you previously as to the correct form in which to address me."

"Yes, my Lord, Overseer, and Master," I said, hastily, "Thank you, my Lord, Overseer, and Master."
