 Without Valsivale, our journey had grown much more dire. We were forced to march long hours during the day, and barely slept at night. As we traveled North the weather grew cold and my flesh felt somehow too thin to protect me any longer. But Oluth was a beast possessed! He set a fast stride and at night fucked one or more of us to sleep with a newfound vigor.

It was a good thing we moved quickly, I hated to admit. There were days when we could hear the great mob in pursuit of us, the legion of soldiers now marching with my husband must have numbered in the thousands or tens of thousands by now, and though we could always keep ahead due to our smaller numbers, they never seemed to falter. Finally, after a particularly close day that brought us to an hour's run, I had to make the only offer I could.

"Let me go back to them Oluth. I don't know what my husband will do to me, but he will not bother pursuing you any longer if he does not need to."

"Do not be so simple, Ailara." He boomed back. "You belong to me. I would not have it any other way." His loud snort told me the conversation was over.

But that didn't stop me from sneaking out of the camp that night. I had gotten perhaps a half an hour away when I was ambushed from the front. I had planned to run into my husband's soldiers who would only take me captive, not be murdered before I got there!

"I'll Scream!" I threatened.

"Like I haven't heard that before." Oluth's deep voice betrayed him as he and Saela came out of the underbrush. "What do you think you are doing?"

I stamped my foot, my erect-nippled breasts (blasted cold) undulating beneath my dress. "I told you. I'm turning myself in. How did you know I'd left?"

Saela pointed at one of her enormous pointed ears. "These aren't just for looks, ya know." She explained, and then added, "Hey Oluth? Since she ran away, can I suck on her titties all night as punishment? You know other girls make her uncomfortable."

Oluth laughed as he scooped me up, carrying me effortlessly as he strode back to camp.

Apparently she had his consent.

* * * * *

I woke up the next morning, having to pry a sleeping Saela's lips from my sore left nipple. The right one was sore too...she had made good on her threat and spent the entire night painting my leviathan breasts with her tongue and nursing on the nipples. The little elf was fascinated by them, probably because her own kind just never came so well equipped. I contemplated running again, but instead laid out rations for everyone like some sort of peasant servant. What had this Myrnotaur done to me that I'd become so submissive? Ah right, he'd marked me for his own by utterly dominating me with his massive cock and heavy, heavy balls. How could I forget? 

Ever North we went, colder and colder, faster and faster. If there was ever a time I resented Oluth for losing my wardrobe, it was now. To my own revulsion I found myself cuddling up to whichever girl Oluth was not plowing at night, trying hard to keep warm. The Great Bull seemed unperturbed by the lowering temperature, and if the always scantily clad Talitanitia had any objections, she would never show them.

It was after two weeks of this that we finally encountered something new. It was late at night, though we had not yet made camp. They stirred in the darkness, shapes, large and looming, though quiet somehow as they stalked closer. 

Myrnotaurs!

It was so odd to see others like Oluth, I'd come to think of him as the only one of his kind, and my eyes were somewhat pleased to see that he stood a little taller and was a little better muscled than those that approached. I also took note of their fur loincloths; they could NOT be as large as Oluth and conceal what they possessed behind those shorter garments.

I didn't just have a Minotaur, I had the best Minotaur.

But perhaps this was not the case. As they approached Oluth first made an odd gesture, swinging his elbow in front of him to slap it into an open palm with a fierce clap, then keeping this connection he outstretched an open hand.

"Well Met." He rumbled. Then, "I, of course, surrender."

Our jaws dropped as the 8 Myrnotaurs surrounded us, roughly pressed us together around Oluth, and herded us, like cattle into the night.

***

I do not know, dear reader, what it was that I had expected us to find in the Northern Myrnotaur lands. Mighty cities? Looming castles? Preposterous, of course. These were tribal people, and it would not be reasonable to expect that creatures so large *could* have as many people as humankind, how could they make enough food to support them all?

We wandered the large village, dozens of huts and a few larger structures dotted the landscape. I took note of the Myrnotaurs who wandered, all inferior to Oluth in my eyes. I caught only glimpses of women through windows or open doorways. They were smaller, and all seemed to group up, much as we were forced into grouping now. Their eyes were larger and their horns smaller, and a little part of me was horrified at the arrangement of their torsos, each was adorned with four heavy breasts, an anatomical difference that made my skin crawl.

The ones escorting us brought us at last to an undignified little building, sort of like a barn, heavy wooden planks to be slotted from the outside after we were lead in: We were prisoners! Talitanitia moved perhaps a quarter inch to resist, but Oluth only had to touch her hand and look at her to let her know to hold back. We all stood in the dim a moment, taking in the simple hay piles that served as our only furniture and apparently food.

I stamped my foot. "WHAT GOOD IS THIS!? WE'LL ROT HERE!"

Oluth put hand over my mouth, and another fondled my breasts, casually reminding me who I belonged to.

"No we shall not. Aryth will not be able to sleep in good conscience if he attempts to end me. Killing me is not enough. He needs to know he's best."

"Just what is all this about?" Asked Saela, who seemed to expect some sort of boring and lengthy exposition. 

He did not disappoint her, taking a deep breath, heavy with sadness as he began.

"Each generation of my people is guided by a single Patriarch. An Alpha male. A Herd Leader. The Herd Leader is meant to be endowed by three qualities which prove his worthiness. He is the strongest, he is the best suited for breeding, and he has the wisdom to guide our people. For as long as our people remember, the individual with these qualities has always been obvious almost from birth."

"Surely it's you!" I could not bear the thought of Oluth being inferior.

"Of course it is. He snorted." Then, almost looking guilty he added. "Well, maybe. Almost certainly." He sighed again. "Our generation was marred by a curse of sorts. Unlike humankind or other animals, twins amongst our people are exceedingly rare. Aryth and I were the first to be born of the Herd Leader's bloodline simultaneously."

"Is he just like you?" Talitanitia asked, eyes in the distance, seeming to fantasize a moment.

Oluth shook his head. "No. But we seem to have split the attributes of leadership. Aryth is unquestionably my better in raw strength. But I could breed him under the table."

The three of us tittered at the Great Bull's declaration, the mental image this statement conjured surely not the one he'd intended. He silenced us with a glare, or at least drove our giggles into hiding behind our hands.

"ANYWAY. The third quality, the wisdom to lead, is the one in question. Aryth felt that by banishing me, he had proved his superior wisdom. In returning with you, with Talitanitia's training, Saela's cunning, and Lady Ailara's...." He paused a long time causing me to scowl. "...Endurance, I mean to reclaim the throne that should be mine by birthright."

What did that mean? I shuddered to think, but didn't have much time as Saela and 'Tia began to roll quite literally in the hay together. Shrugging my clothes off, I joined the pile of fuckflesh.

In the absence of our host providing us entertainment, we made our own.

***

The next morning we were awoken by light pouring into the cell, the contingent of guards who'd seen us in now beckoned us out. Again we wended our way through the strange village, passing a small sort of marketplace where it seemed only vegetables and dairy products were sold. The latter fascinated me; this race of cow-people selling their own milk.

"Disrobe." A gravelly voice commanded from group of guards. I blinked and shook my head a moment. We'd stopped in front of a hot spring on the outskirts of the hut circle. The four of us slipped in, sighing comfortably as the warm water greeted us. A couple of the guards took particular note of the way my enormous breasts floated out into a vast cleavage as I settled down.

"She may only have two, but they sure make up for it, don't they?" One said as he elbowed his friend, the other sniggering in agreement.

Blushing to my forehead I used both hands to push down, drowning my girls beneath the surface.

I dreaded the idea of coming out of the water for fear of the cold, but found to my surprise that the warmth of the water clung to me long after I emerged, making the process of redressing far less daunting.

Then we were being marched again, this time to that largest of central huts, the four of them stopping just outside so that we might trickle in.

***

This place as adorned with fine furs, many torches, and a central fire place, giving soft pleasant warmth that befit what seemed the grandest place in this humble village.

At the far end of the room, flanked by more guards, was a large throne that seemed made of bones, though from what creature I could not say. In this white seat of power, sat a Myrnotaur that gave me a start! He was like Oluth in almost every way, from the tint of his skin to the shape of his horns, but also different. Impossibly, he made my Minotaur seem almost more lean and cut. His muscles were vast and bulged like fat cables from his frame. 

Where Oluth had once heaved a fountain with ease onto my boat, this brute looked as if he might have simply flung such a trifle across the water with ease, no boat needed. He also bore a number of scars, many of them seeming to leave evidence of having been gored. Did Oluth's own people ram one another like goats in heat?

"Aryth." Oluth rumbled, lowering his head just slightly to regard his twin. 

Aryth's voice was just as deep, though his tones crisper. One thing was clear: Oluth made him nervous. "You're back. Do you mean to win me over with these pleasurlings?" He eyed the three of us. "Because you may have." He added, smirking.

I stomped forward, "I am LADY Ailara!" I scolded. "What do you mean...pleasureling!?"

Despite the contention that hung in the air, both Myrnotaur brothers chuckled. But Oluth recognizing the impudent rage setting into my features volunteered an answer. "Our cows are for breeding with. Breeding is a right only allowed to the Herd Leader, and to those granted the opportunity as a reward for service to the Herd."

Aryth gave the rest, "Your kind on the other hand, the pink, soft, small kind, cannot bear our young, and so you are anyone's for the purpose of pleasure."

"You keep slaves!?" Saela's voice was high and frightened.

"No." Rumbled Oluth.

Again Aryth finished his thought, "Of course not. We are not monsters. Pleasurelings are not in the Herd often... with THREE of you my brother has proven an amazing gift for providing for the Herd."

"Three is nothing." Oluth cut in. "As we speak two waves of invasion approach us." Aryth cocked his head, eying Oluth apprehensively. "The first, soldiers who seek to reclaim the annoying, noisy one." I scowled. "But. Give me the throne that is mine by right, and I will guide us through that battle. If we can survive, the second wave is an army of pleasurelings who have been following us for weeks."

"Even if I did believe you," Aryth started, something in his tone betraying the fact that he clearly did, "You have not proven yourself worthy of this seat."

"I CHALLENGE YOU!" Oluth growled.

"I ACCEPT!" Aryth replied, launching to his feet. The two strode solemnly from the central hut and walked together to the town square. A huge crowd of Myrnotaurs had gathered, probably the entire village and they moved with the brothers, clearing a space.

An Elder moved forward flanked by a dozen other males, who all spoke in unison, a sort of songless chorus that I could only find irritating.

"Let the storytellers note, that on this day, Oluth and Aryth had their first official contention for the throne, a question left unanswered for three cycles, who is truly fit to rule. First they fought in a demonstration of might! Then they fought in a demonstration of breeding prowess! Then it shall be decided who among them is a more worthy contestant of Wisdom! For the Herd!"

"FOR THE HERD!" The whole crowd echoed to the chorus.

Then Oluth punched Aryth, and it was, as peasants may say, "on".

***

For me, the battle was terrifying and alluring at once. Two gorgeous creatures locked in muscle-enhancing struggle. It was a fistfight and a wrestling match and something else altogether at once. I thrilled at the way Oluth's vast biceps clenched into discs or his abdominal muscles rippled with raw, tight strength. But at the same time I could not help but cringe at every time he was struck, or scratched by an errant horn.

However, in watching the struggle, I came to understand the specific nature of what he and Talitanitia had been practicing each night as we'd traveled. He was not merely learning to use more finesse to go along with his great might, but also learning how to use them against an opponent with even more. I saw now that much of his concentration was not on his ham-sized-fists, but rather on his feet. They moved and danced with grace, always taking whatever momentum was pressed upon them and guiding it to a new direction, always unbalancing and evading Aryth.

The Herd Leader had no chance against his twin usurper. Oluth spun and danced and struck blow, after blow, finally leaving a groaning Aryth on his knees with both hands up in surrender, unable to protect himself from the feathering of jabs and crosses and hooking punches. 

The elder strode forward and lifted Oluth's arm as the audience erupted into applause. Whether this was merely the custom, or a true reflection of their disdain for Aryth was not clear to me. Surprisingly, Aryth stood and embraced Oluth in a tight hug, though some mix of shame and fatigue were etched onto his bovine features.

The he stepped back to address the crowd, "Now we rest. Tomorrow...we BREED!" And again the audience made a great roar.

Oh, dear reader, what we were in for.

***

This night was a sharp contrast to the one before it. Instead of being locked in a horrid hay barn, we were honored guests in the main hut. First, we were bathed again in the fine hot springs and wrapped in thick furs. Oluth's people, unsurprisingly, did not trade in leather, but were not above raising some sheep and other strange beasts, long necks with silly faces.

We sat in a large circle on a huge fleece rug, and were served. Plate after steaming plate of exotically spiced dishes came out. Vegetables, potatoes, cheeses and milks. It was only now I realized that I'd never seen Oluth eat any meat. I ate eagerly and washed all down with tall glasses of wine and mead. Saela grew red-faced and giggly—well, more-so—and Talitanitia made the mistake of trying to drink against me.

I do not get drunk.

As we languished in the aftermath of our gluttony, there were entertainments. Slender bovine maidens undulated before us, as tempting as such strange creatures could make themselves. Young males were next, proudly staging mock battles, seeming to vie for the affections of the previous act. The Elder came forth next, and told strange stories of the Tribe's history. They were odd metaphors mostly, how great creatures had died to become the topography of the land, how adversities too great to be real were conquered in the name of tribal survival. The only legends I believed were of the greatest Herd-leaders of old; if they had been anything like Oluth, they deserved the amount of praise.

After all was said and done, we slept in a pile...A drunken 'Tia, a tipsy Saela, and a sober me all tried to arouse Oluth but he only pushed us away, rumbling "Tomorrow" as he wrapped us all in his great arms for sleep.

***

We slept late the following day, until the Elder came to rouse us from our pile of limbs and furs. We dressed and bathed, and then stood around awkwardly for a few minutes. This time instead of the elder bringing us to town, the town sort of came for us. The entire herd, at least of a certain age, came to stand within the confines of the vast hut and ringed the rooms several times.

"Disrobe!" The Elder commanded, to thunderous applause.

I swallowed hard, and shed my dress as Saela and 'Tia did the same. I found myself very nervous expected to "perform" in front of this crowd as though I were a mere peasant bard or dancer.

Oluth's humongous prick drew an audible gasp from the crowd as he shed his loincloth and revealed it. Soft it hung over his huge, smooth balls, dangling powerfully from his legs. 

Already Aryth looked worried. But he was not shy, and stripped his own cloth, and revealed his own already-hard cock. While the crowd seemed less impressed somehow, I certainly was. Easily 18 inches long or more, it jutted up from his waist, throbbing as the many thick veins coursed blood through it. His balls were impressive too, easily the size of large oranges in their low-slung sack. He pumped a hand along his thick member and sneered powerfully over it. A few of the women in the crowd now were tracing their hands along their breasts or gingerly rubbing at their slits.

"The Elf!" Aryth commanded, pointing his finger and cock at Saela. Trembling she approached him. 

Oluth took Talitanitia and me, and drew us to our knees before his humongous tool. 'Tia seemed to know something of showman ship and did a curious thing. She seized his soft half-yard length just below the head and slung it beneath my left tit. Puzzled I watched as she used the great cock to lift my entire breast high, emphasizing both the size of my tits and his dick at the same time, and then she leaned in to begin messily kissing and licking the head of him. The crowd murmured its approval, and I watched, apprehensive as all manner of cocks, 8, 10, or even 14 inches long hardened all over the room. Her tongue swabbed my nipples every few slurps just to keep me interested.

My hands were not idle though, I seized each his impossibly big balls in a hand and ground them into her chest, rubbing her huge milk-bladders with the heavy spunk pods, indenting them with vast expanses of nutmeat, tugging and massaging the huge nuts as I worked.

Aryth meanwhile, was playing to his strengths, or more precisely, his strength. With one effortless hand he lifted and flipped Saela over, letting her legs scissor into a split before him as he dove down to assault her small gaping snatch with his big tongue. His other hand was on his cock, which he was using to gently, yet firmly, bat her face every which way where it hung upside-down below. Each of her horny whimpers from the skillful licking was met with the wet slap of his big fat cock, chasing her cheeks and forehead no matter which way she moved her head. Rudely he gathered his balls up in his hand and smacked them too against her, then crammed one into her mouth, totally stopping her face up. The crowd gasped, as it this moment her little cunny began to geyser like a hot spring up into the air, spraying his face and a few admiring myrnotaurs. He was good!

Now 'Tia had surrendered my breast and Oluth's cock. The two of us were working with a semi-rigid organ now, letting it bob gracefully between us as we slurped our tongues in rapid, worship, skillfully managing to avoid colliding heads as we passed each other along the vast highway of Oluth's bullhood. We met, making eye contact at his dangling scrotum, each of us hornily moaning as we slurped in a sack-stuffing seed-maker. It had felt so odd to go even one night without tasting Oluth's balls, the sensation now was truly a delight, hence our happy noises, audible to crowd even with our mouths plugged with nut meat.
