 My story draws near its close, dear reader, and I shall do my utmost to do these final moments justice in their detail.

The first thing I shall say is that Oluth was clearly born for the mantel of leadership. While I'd thought him to be little more than a beast when we first met, I had since come to recognize what a being of great power, intelligence, and patience he truly is. Even then, it was not until after the business with Aryth I came to fully realize his potential.

You must understand, I am one who has knowledge when it comes to those who rule. As a Lady of the realm, I have met my fair share of leaders: Petty tyrants, warmongers, weaklings, zealots, power-brokers and hedonists. The fact of the matter is that they aren't all that different from one another. Each is an insecure male, a shadow of what he is supposed to be, and the crippling part is that he *knows* it. 

Perhaps the system of Oluth's tribe for determining rule might seem arbitrary, I'll agree, yet one cannot deny it gets around that problem of competition quite nicely for the most part. No one has incentive or means to harm the Herd Leader, and he, secure in the fact that he really is going to be swinging the biggest dick around, is not motivated by the need to prove himself or impress fools. Oluth, as a leader, is truly liberated to do only what is best for his people, and nothing more.

The moment Oluth assumed his new position; he was tireless in fortifying the village. Explaining the use of crossbows to his kin, he made sure that there was sturdy wooden cover at any possible vantage point. He also had them ready a strange pyre in the center of town, though why I could not yet determine. He sent Saela forth to spy quietly upon the oncoming storm. When she returned, he seemed relieved to hear that they were still a day away, yet betrayed the tiniest bit of worry at their number. Somewhere along the way, my husband had added more troops to his command, a full legion some ten thousand strong were with him now.

The Herd Leader refused to allow this to hurt moral. When he saw the nervous shift in the tribe over the size of the oncoming invasion, he only boomed out to them in that overwhelming way of his,

"Rest easy, Myrnotaurs. If the great Lord Fizzlethip chooses to bring ten thousand soldiers, then it only means we shall bring down ten thousand soldiers. Nothing more."

This did seem to have a calming effect. I decided to arrange my own way of bolstering their spirits. My voice may not have Oluth's depths, but if there's one thing I know how to do, it's arbitrarily boss people around.

"The first among you to finish TEN fortifications shall receive Fellatio from Saela, the Amazon, and I. So you should—"

I did not have time to finish my promise as the whole herd seemed to break into instant motion. We stood amazed as bulls throughout moved with increased vigor, competing gamely to gather materials and erect additional traps, shields, and other useful furnishings.

"You know you really should ask our permission before promising the service of our bodies like that." Saela snorted, hands on her hips, lips curled in an angry pout. I studied her a moment, trying to figure out if she was serious. Then it hit me.

"Is that your best impersonation of me, little-top?" I asked.

"Yes!" She burst out giggling. I rolled my eyes.

Before long, the village was so decked out with defenses, the Myrnotaurs had to resort to constantly shouting at one another in order to avoid being caught up in them. This was going to be a hard place to assail.

We were delighted too, that the first of the young bulls to come and enumerate his ten deeds was a strapping thing, perhaps a little lean for our highly spoiled tastes, but packing an impressive foot of cock nevertheless. I could definitely get used to this place.

Saela, Talitanitia and I went to work, instantly sinking to our knees before him. He gasped both in surprise and sensation as the smallest of us engulfed the head of his cock with her lips. 'Tia and I held onto his sturdy thighs as we each leaned in to tongue-lash a ball of our own, making a meal of the meaty morsels that hung pendulously in his sack. He was of course, sweaty from the work and we made our enjoyment at that fact clear in our universal language of horny moans and lusty smacks of our lips. The young stud was in heaven!

Saela stepped up her game, meeting us at his scrotal root as she took his entire prong inside of her. Where the little one finds room for it I'll never know, but she barely gagged on it as her nose met the fur patch above his prick. Her tongue whipped out, slapping across ours as we each fully engulfed a ball now. One standing above may wonder why this Minotaur had no cock, just three very horny, moaning women attached to the front of him in what was getting to be a surprisingly deep puddle of precum and slobber that dripped from the mouths of those servicing him.

Oluth chuckled at the display, his own phallus clearly engorging a little at the sight of us, but he forced himself away to help coordinate more battle plans. As I said, he was a good ruler, even if it occasionally made me a little sad.

Talitanitia clapped her hands to the young Bull's ass, stuffing him just a hair deeper inside Saela which brought a loud gulping noise from her stuffed throat. Now he threw back his head and roared, blasting out with a thick load of bull-ball-batter that our elf was totally unprepared for. His cock visibly grew wider in her already bulging gullet and she pulled back rapidly as massive white webs of cum burst from both nostrils and her now-gaping mouth. We all reared back in glee to take his humongous wads on our faces and tits. His balls were not as huge as Oluth's, or even Aryth's, yet somehow within them they seemed to be just as copious in supply.

I marveled at it. "So much! How did you—"

He silenced me with a final splat a little later than the others between my eyes. "I have not had release for months. I even abstained during your little...display for the tribe yesterday. Built up quite a lot didn't it?"

We could only nod and groan a little in agreement. 

***

That night, I wanted to raise moral further, and pulled Saela and Talitanitia into another discussion.

Soon we were all outfitted with a supply of oil lent by one of the village's cows, and for all the assembled males at the great pre-battle feast that night, we began to dance.

Our steps were much different than those of the previous night, but as our bare breasts came into play and we began to rub against one another, approval was quite high. I gyrated my ass before each male there, and made another circle to lower and jiggle my queenly breasts at them as well, letting an occasional feel get copped. The girls did their best to keep up with me, and soon all were cheering for our slutty display.

We capped it all off by pouring the oil over our humongous mounds and massaging each other down. No matter the culture, men are predictable in what they enjoy, that much is certain.

Our little show well received, we retired to Oluth for what we feared might be a last night of lovemaking. He invited Aryth share in what pleasures we could offer, and even though I'm not sure I would have the will to refuse Oluth anything, I wouldn't have wanted to even if I could. In fact, there was something perhaps extra stimulating in having two gorgeous bulls to feast my eyes on, even if I did have my favorite in the better endowed of the two.

This time, the sex we all shared was much less frantic, neither of the bulls was eager to prove anything to the other and we three ladies merely wanted to enjoy them. We started with slow sloppy triple blowjobs of the likes we'd favored the tribal member with before, and then let the rumbling males take his pick, fucking Saela and Talitanitia lustily while I saw to the continuous service of their colossal balls. I'm not sure how I always ended up being the one on testicular duty, but I was not complaining about my roll for a moment; as a member of the aristocracy I know a delicacy to be enjoyed when I taste one, and taste I did, eagerly, hungrily, greedily slurping and pawing as much humongous nut meat into my maw as I could fit.

I must have done a good job, because I was the shared victim of the two brothers next, eyes wide with surprise when Oluth sat me abruptly on his Saela-slickened suck-stick, impaling me deeply and well to an instant orgasm. But then I felt Aryth's gorgeous abs bumping against the small of my back as positioned himself at my tender ass, thrusting himself in. I started to cry out but only found Saela's glistening bald pussy right in my mouth. 

Helplessly I tried to beat a message to send help into her clit with my tongue, but the selfish little sex only answer my wayward cries with gush after gush of delicious Syphaerel nectar. Aryth's thick cock in my ass was so intense a sensation that I couldn't help but gargle the juice as it flowed into my throat which had no stopped trying to scream.

But do not think for a moment that I wasn't enjoying it. Yes it might have felt like innermost walls would fray to nothing, or burn from the sheer friction caused by the rampaging bull cocks that stuffed me. Yes it might have been causing my tits to swivel uncontrollably with such force that my face taking a harsh boob-beating every moment it wasn't stuffed into Saela's cunt. And yes, it might also be the case that the bull nuts colliding with my upturned ass with every powerful thrust were so savage that I had oval-shaped marks left on me well into the night, but OH how I loved this!

My pussy was doing cartwheels of joy, and my ravaged ass was revealing to me pleasure I'd never suspected could be gotten. 'Tia tried to work many different roles, assisting me in eating Saela, slurping on the pendulous beef-balls, lovingly licking my swaying udders, and sometimes licking the parts of the boys' cocks that couldn't find entrance within either of my holes. But no matter where she was, my cruel little cunny was bursting with another face-full of juice for her, squirting backwards or being slapped forwards by an errant testicle or breast, seeming to always seek the Amazon out, making her visage a many-coated mess of my own orgasm sauce. The part of me that was able to not focus on the fact that my body was being sent to heaven and hell simultaneously by two relentless, godlike dicks was laughing at the sight of her always failing to avoid my next squirt.

Finally they had their fill of me in this way and dumped me to the floor. In the reflective surface of the polished brass of an ornate fixture I could see the considerable gape my ass and pussy now shared; I knew I'd recover in time, but surely any physician would think I'd been permanently altered by the process!

They were not done with me yet though. The two bulls demonstrated their boundless appetite and horny ingenuity by seizing both Talitanitia and I, placing us face-to face, and interlocking our tits like the teeth to some elaborate gear. Our eyes met with some confusion that quickly turned to surprise as the pair of them began to saw away into our tits, pounding our formidable breast flesh like so much fuckmeat.

Saela seemed jealous, knowing she just didn't have the tits to offer herself up in the same way, but instead took advantage of our state by rolling her face into our vast expanses of titflesh, slurping at nipples where should could find them, letting her tongue run over the two invading ultracocks as they passed by. Soon it seemed her whole head was swallowed up by our huge tracts of land, her lithe legs kicking out and flailing a little when a marauding cock would grind her into our ever more rippling bosoms.

This sexually unique sight was apparently at last enough, and we could all feel the shafts begin to swell abruptly out as balls swelled up and buttocks clenched. Of course they didn't stop railing our mutual cleavage, only pounded away more intensely as their always mind-breaking wads begin to blast out. As there was nowhere for all the cum to run, it just exploded out, twin salvoes bursting forth in splashy white bursts. It was as though some cheap entertainment magician had thrown some ball of fire between us, but instead of pain we were only pelted with a bursting rain of sweet ambrosia.

The last thing I remember before drifting off to sleep was the feel of Saela and Talitanitia eagerly licking every last thick drop of cum from my body, before doing the same to each other and curling up for the night.

***

We awoke the next morning to shouts of alarm. My husband's little army had finally come within visible distance from the Village, and a lone rider approached us first. Before long, he stood before the five of us, bearing his message.

"The Great Lord Fizzlethip has, in his most magnanimous sense of mercy and kindness, decided to grant you cow-men one last chance at clemency. Surrender the bitch now and you will be spared the overwhelming onslaught that is to come!"

Oluth laughed as I scowled.

"Tell your tiny master that if he dares set foot within MY herd's lands, I will keep a promise I made to him a long time ago."

"And tell him not to call me, 'bitch'" I added, stamping my foot for emphasis.

"I will tell him what you have said." The messenger swore, bowing slightly before the huge figure of Oluth. Then he tipped his helmet to me, saying, "Well met, bitch." And turned around.

"LIGHT THE FIRES!" Oluth commanded, cupping his great hands around his muzzle as he shouted so that the base of his voice carried everywhere. There was a rush of activity and soon a great blaze of the strange plants from the day before was alight. As they burned, the village filled with an odd sort of smoke; thin enough to see through for those of us close, yet billowing and thicker at its edges to obscure our huts form the threat of crossbow-fire.

Oluth nodded in approval as he began to direct bulls to their positions. "We call that herb, 'Fog of War' for just this reason." He explained to me. Then he pointed me towards a tower. "You get up there and keep watch. I want your eyes everywhere. Your shrill, aggravating voice will be the best to call the alarm if you see something that needs my attention."

"HOW DARE YOU! I'LL GIVE YOU SHRILL AGGRAVATION YOU TWO-TON—" I couldn't finish the thought as Oluth clapped a hand over my mouth before I could go on.

"Yes, that's perfect. Get to it, Ailara." 

Grudgingly, I climbed the ladder.

The battle that would come to be known as Fizzlethip's Folly, had begun.

***

From my vantage point on the tower, I truly could see everything. For a moment I almost felt like I was home, watching some display put on by the peasantry for my entertainment. I longed in that moment for a cool drink in my hand, the feel of a girl's skilled hands relaxing the muscles of my shoulders, and my husband's constant showering of gifts and adulation.

Is that all it would take for me to be happy? Accepting the brief, sad moments of rutting each night to live a life of constant largesse? None of this endless hiking and struggling. No more lost clothes or damaged skin. Not having to be a part of such violence and mayhem like the assault about to happen.

But thought of going through the rest of life without the feel of impossibly strong hands drawing me into the warmth of impossibly strong arms wrapped around me... Without getting to feel that vibration from the very core of me each time that earthquakingly deep voice rumbled.... Without the sensation of being more "full" of raw potency., of having all the bad in me literally cored out and replaced with sensations that felt they could rip the very sky asunder for all their electricity... ... ... ...

No. Things going back the way they were were simply not an option, and I whether I would perish to be overwhelmed by the 10,000 or somehow stand in triumph at the end of the day no longer mattered. I would stay.

Despite this new resolve, I found myself screeching and ducking as a sound not unlike a heavy rain abruptly fell over the village. Bolt after bolt, quarrel after quarrel as my husband's men fired in volleys so vast that it seemed no surface would be left untouched. It was agonizing minutes by the time it was all done. Crossbows took time to reset, of course, but they had been firing in waves to avoid any interruption in the hailstorm they'd unleashed.

I breathed a sigh of relief when I finally worked up the courage to look out at the town. Every surface, every spot of ground, every hay-bale and house was bristling with bolts, like some absurd porcupine had come and inseminated offspring with every structure in sight. But no corpses were in view. No fallen or even injured Myrnotaurs dotted the landscape. My husband, it would seem, was as impotent on the battlefield as he was in the bedroom.

Talitanitia emerged from one of the huts. She was a glorious sight, smeared in elaborate war paint complimenting her already-heavy array of tattoos. She took a quick moment, putting a piece of parchment against an un-scathed doorway and wrote a quick message with ink from her fingers. Then, taking a heavy oak Javelin from somewhere inside she took a hopping step forward and hurled it.

I called down to her, "What did that say?"

She smirked up at me, "Nice try. You have an extremely small penis." She answered.

I giggled.

Some time passed. More wood and fogging herb was thrown on the central fire. Myrnotaur children and their odd mothers poked their heads out to look at the destruction. Some traps were double-checked. It was amazing no bolts had triggered those prematurely, and now the way they obscured the ground could only work to the village's advantage.

Finally a single missile soared through the air, awkwardly, for it was held down with a message as well. 'Tia whipped out her hand, snatching it from the air like a falling leaf and quickly unbound the message.

"What's the one say?" I asked.

"Then you will just have to die on our blades instead of our bolts. And I'll have you know it is average size for my height." She blinked as she read this aloud, looking to me for interpretation.

I shrugged. "He *is* very short, yet even then, it is VERY small."

Laughter rippled through the village.

***

Silence was brief. The next sound was that of the thunderous march of too many men. I could not help but tremble a little here. There were not enough traps. There were not enough warriors. There was no way for everyone to hide or flee. Surely we would be wiped out in the tempest of blood that approached! I crouched low in my watchtower, barely peering over the side.

I suppose some women would be terrified at the prospect of being violated before being killed. In my case, I only feared the boredom of such unsatisfying sex. It was Oluth and the others I worried about. In my head I told myself, "you can stop this. You can bring an end about before any lives need be lost. You are a more selfish bitch than I thought possible Lady Ailara. Is the possibility of sexual satisfaction after this moment really worth the lives that will come before it?"

"Yes!" My own head answered. Then, "slut." It added.

The boots grew closer and closer, and then one could hear traps going off, every few moments a loud twang or thud followed by a cry of surprise or pain. Oluth had ordered that the traps be designed to wound, not to kill. This was not out of mercy. He reasoned that an injured man brings three away from the field as it will take two more to carry him off to safety.

The traps gave them pause, making them move more cautiously. Now was the time for hurling rocks, which Myrnotaurs did throughout the village, making the large dense missiles particularly crippling since their great strength was behind them. The first barrage was enough to get my husband's men moving again, jogging really, through trap after trap.
