 The forest was humming with the sound of thousands of insects. I held my trousers up to my waist while wading in the brook and felt the cool water flow around my thighs. I looked east down the stream, and saw golden morning light steal across the mountain. I stood there looking down the wide boulder covered stream banks at the orange orb of sun rising above the snow crested peak. I unbuckled my belt, doffed my shirt, and dropped my pants from my lean body. I threw my clothes on the creek bank. 

I felt a cool breeze blow across my naked body. I lay on the sandy shore, feeling the sun warm me. My body felt relaxed as the sun rose higher in the sky becoming hotter. I felt the solar rays penetrate my body. The heat made me drowsy and I soon fell asleep. 

I awoke to the sound of giggling women coming from somewhere behind the rocks. I heard the giggling get closer. I looked for my apparel, but it was no where to be found. I sat up folding my legs and resting my chin on my knees. Suddenly I felt soft fingers grasping my shoulders and pulling me down to the ground. I yelped and looked up seeing two bronzed skinned young women wearing tunics. Their muscles bulged and they pinned me down. One held me tight by the shoulders as the other tickled me. She seemed to have no shame as she touched me in my most intimate places.

It was truly unbearable and I screamed, "Stop!!"

Then I felt my hands being pulled above my head and bound. The rope hurt my wrists. I begged them to stop. Soon I felt my ankles being bound. I felt a blindfold wrapped around my eyes. Then the tallest blonde girl lifted me and laid me across her shoulders holding my arms and legs. I struggled, but to no avail. She ran carrying me through the forest. 

Soon we arrived at their village. I was set down on the ground, lying on the cold dirt, naked, as I heard them talking about how much I would bring at the auction. I thought, my god, I was to be auctioned as a slave. I had heard that there were Amazon societies, in the mountains, who kidnapped young men to be sold to rich queens as slaves. I couldn't bear to think of what the future held. I lay on my side in the dirt feeling cold and helpless. 

Soon, I felt the bindings being removed from my ankles. Then the blindfold was removed. The shorter woman, with fiery red hair, held my hand and helped me to my feet. I rose and stood before her. 

The tall blonde woman and the short red haired one each took an arm and led me into the wooden gates of the fortress. I saw many beautiful warrior women walking about. I saw one woman, standing by a building, passionately kissing another woman. I had heard of such things, but they were forbidden where I came from.

I was led into a dome shaped building, made of sturdy tree trunks ribs, and covered with cow hide. There was a hole in the roof and a fire in the center. It was hot and humid in there and I started to sweat. A woman, who looked in her late thirties, stood by the fire looking at me. She muttered something in a language I didn't recognize. My two warrior women took me to a rack in the corner of the room. They each took one side and tied my ankles and wrists, so that I was spread eagled on the rack. 

I felt a tiny warm hand caress my inner thigh. Sweat was dripping down my skin now. I felt a cool cream being applied to my buttocks, hips and thighs. She applied the cream all over my back and neck. Then I felt her reach around and apply the cream to my chest and nipples. My nipples hardened. I felt aroused by her gentle ministrations. I felt her hand slip between my thighs applying the cream to my inner thighs, grazing my penis. I couldn't see her as my back was turned. I felt her gently spank my buns. Then the spanks became firmer. She said, "You have nice firm flesh. I think you will do well."

I felt strange having a woman talk about me like this. This sort of thing was unheard of where I came from. Still, I felt a familiar warmth spread from my balls through my body. Soon she released me from the rack.

She took me to the bathhouse and we bathed together in the marble building. For the first time I felt unashamed to be touched, as a slave, by another woman. I was not even ashamed as dozens of other women lying in lounge chairs by the side and bathing, watched on. 

When she kissed me I was proud that others saw and recognized that I was her property. I knew and they knew that no one could enjoy the fruits of my manhood, without her permission. I felt joy as she invited a timid young woman, who looked only 18, to join us. The young woman bathed me gently. My mistress nodded approval, as the young woman's hand submerged and roamed my underwater realm of flesh.

I spoke with the young woman and she told me her story. "I had been a house servant since I was a teenage girl. Having reached adulthood I aspired to serve as an Amazon warrior in our army. However, today I had been summoned before the queen to be inducted into her harem. The two women leading me held my arms tightly in their steely grip. The hallway was cold and dark as I walked barefoot down the hard cobble stone floor. I was naked, save for a loin cloth covering my womanhood. My nipples tingled in the dank castle air. I trembled with fear mixed with excitement."

I drew in a deep breath. "You are so young. Why did they choose you?"

She replied, "The queen thought me fair in form and worthy. Who was I to question? Passing through the heavy wooden doors I was led into the queen's bedchambers. I had always admired the queen's beauty. She resembled an ancient Greek statue of Helen of Troy, as she lay in a large bed wearing only a sheer transparent camisole, through which I saw the outline of her black lace panties."

I gazed into her dark almond eyes. I said, "I can understand the queen's admiration of your beauty. You are the most lustrous lass I've met in all my travels."

"Please let me continue. This story has an ending which will surprise you. First I would have to be prepared. The two guards led me to a tub beside the bed. One of them tugged gently on the string holding my loin cloth on, and pulled it off, scrapping against my loin. Her name was Aster and she helped me into the tub. I felt the warm water encapsulate my body. The other guard, Beth, worked the soapy wash cloth between my legs, as Aster washed my torso and breasts. I felt a familiar warmth emanate from my loins. I felt like kissing Aster but resisted out of embarrassment from the queen watching. Young man your penis is growing long with yearning. You are enjoying this tale of mine. But please wait."

"I'm sorry. My cock has a mind of its own. It is hard to control when words such as yours are coupled with your beauty. However, I will not approach you until you give the go ahead." 

She reached out and hefted my balls. She said, "You have heavy nuts. You will make good breeding stock for the queen."

My mouth fell open. "To be bred like a bull? With whom? Surely I have some say in this."

She caressed my cheek. "I have spilled the beans. But you will not object. If I know my womanly instincts you will be most compliant. Now onward with my tale. Aster had me lift my backside up as she washed my derriere. I blushed as Aster reached in my womanhood running the rag around my tiny erect nub of flesh. I sighed and the queen smiled at me. I smiled back at her. Aster helped me out of the bath and Beth gave me a light slap to the buns." 

I spoke "I was spanked too upon arrival. Is this a ritual?"

"Yes it is done with all fledgling slaves. You will come to enjoy it. Let my story begin again. Now it was time for the inspection. Aster led me to the wall and had me spread my legs and place my hands on the wall above my head. Then she explored every nook and cranny of my body even inserting her finger in my rear passage. Afterward the queen had me do an exotic dance for her and the two guards. It was the most humiliating and exciting experience I had ever had, as I bent over gyrating my hips and doing the belly dance I had learned as a teenager, but with a new twist."

I felt my cock throb with the wash of her words. "You were made to dance naked? How humiliating. Did you get pleasure from it?"

"Oh my yes. My pomegranate oozed juice all over my thighs. Let the story go on. Finally the queen motioned for me to approach her. I had butterflies in my stomach as I walked up to her. She pulled me over her lap with my derriere arched upward and spanked me with her hand. I felt heat in my posterior as the slaps increased in intensity. Then I was dripping between her legs. I could smell my animal musk filling the room. I knew it must be exciting the queen as well. I asked, 'Is my queen pleased with her slave?'

She said, 'Yes, your bottom marks well. You will make a good girl for my harem. However, since you are so beautiful, I wish you also to serve the others in the harem. You must bring them pleasure as you do me to keep them in a state of heat for me.' I replied, 'Nothing pleases me more than to serve my beautiful queen.'"

"So you were shared like an odalisque of the street? This I would never allow for myself. I would die first. And I will defend your honor as well. Should any other man touch you I will fight to the death."

She said, "No. You will have no reason to fight. You will understand soon enough. Hush now. I must conclude my tale. The Queen continued, 'Now I wish you to please me. You know what to do.' I rose from her lap and knelt between her legs. I slipped her camisole off and she raised her hips. I slipped her panties down from her hips and gently stroked her inner thighs. She was dripping on the bed sheet. 

I wiped her womanhood with a bed sheet and with my fingers gently spread her flower apart. I lapped her sex like a kitten licking milk from a bowl. The queen's body shook violently as she climaxed with a deep guttural moan. I bit into her tiny nub of flesh as she reached the pinnacle of her ecstasy and she grasped my long hair pressing my lips hard against her sex." 

I said, "I confess to a prurient interest. But my moral compass is spinning out of control. How can I allow myself to be turned on by your lecherous tale?"

"Your purple cock confesses your excitement. There is no denying that. Now for the conclusion of this tale. Afterward, I massaged the Queen and she sent me away to begin my new life as a breeding girl. You see she changed her mind. Instead of serving as a harem girl, I would serve in a different way. You and me are descended from nobility. We were never told since we were spoils of war. But secrets like this aren't kept forever. Rumors grow and the truth comes out. The Queen wants us to bear children for her court. My story was intended to arouse and entice you" she finished.

I said, "I never want to return to my old life. I have transcended my fears and reached the point of ecstasy from which there is no return." 

"Join me in the bedchamber. We have a kingdom to populate" she said. My chaperon nodded her approval as the young woman led me, dripping, out of the bath and into a room where a warm bed awaited.