 A/N

This is the last chapter. I may do a side story concerning John and the Elf Queen later. I had a lot of fun writing these Pet Elf stories, but nothing sucks more than a story that has no end. So here's the end. 

*

Life was looking up. Actually, my life had been pretty much awesome since I met Emilliae, my first pet elf, and Emulstia, my pet dark elf, about five years ago. Emilliae and Emusltia were perfect sex slaves. They were prettier than super models, curvier than even the bustiest porn stars, and, best of all, they were completely and utterly devoted to me and worshiped my cock. They were also three feet tall, but had the proportions of six-foot amazons scaled down in every dimension by half. You would think that fucking a three foot tall woman would feel strange, but honestly, it's just awesome. As if that wasn't great enough, my pet elves had access to powerful magic. Each day my elves helped me to get ahead at work, and each night we'd go home and fuck, fuck, and fuck some more until we all passed out. Today was not a normal day, however. 

Today was an auspicious day. It was the culmination of years of espionage, blackmail, and actual work (both by me and my elves). I had just been promoted to CEO of my company. At 30, I was the company's youngest CEO of all time. The board was in awe of my supernatural ability to close accounts and out guess our competitors. Those who didn't like me were cowed with blackmail.

I had just finished moving my stuff into my huge new office. Emilliae and Emulstia sat in the corner, waiting for my secretary, Pam (who was, unfortunately, not slutty at all) to finish briefing me on my correspondence. I was having some difficulty paying attention to Pam, my eyes kept wandering over to the corner, where my pet elves were having a one-finger-orgasm duel. They sat facing each other, faces dead serious as slight squelching noises came from their pussies. They fingered each other furiously, each trying to bring the other off first to win the duel. A slight moan escaped Emulstia's lips. Emilliae was winning. The blonde high elf pressed her advantage, hand a blur as she worked Emulstia's purple puss. Finally, the gorgeous dark elf emitted a strangled grunt, hips bucking as she gushed on Emilliae's hand. 

"Yes!" crowed Emilliae, standing up as shoving her muff in the defeated dark elf's face. "Eat me, loser!"

"Fucking cunt," said Emulstia, but she bent to her task and soon Emilliae was trembling and panting. 

"Mr. Jason? Mr. Jason!" said Pam. I turned my head, startled, realizing I hadn't heard a word she said. Of course, Pam couldn't see or hear my elves, thankfully.

"I'm sorry, what was that?"

"This envelope, sir. It appears to be of a... personal nature, so I did not open it." 

I picked up the envelope in question. It had no postage or return address. It was addressed to "Jason the mega-stud". 

"Thank you, Pam, that will be all for the time being," I said. Pam inclined her head and closed the door on her way out. I broke the envelope's seal with my thumb and pulled out the letter. 

Dear Jason, Conqueror of the Dark Elves, master of Elven Pussies, and my own personal fertility God,

Hi, its me, Emahna! Hubby and I just want to thank you again for your help (giggle) on our wedding night. Our daughter, Emillitae, is growing up fast. She is set to start school in another six months! We can't wait to see her make friends and grow. Someday she'll be a great beauty.

Eldrago has been working hard to provide for little Emillitae and me. I make sure he knows how much I appreciate it (blowjobs every Saturday) and we are getting really good at bringing each other to gasping, moaning, sticky climaxes. Still, every time I make him cum he collapses unconscious, leaving me wanting more. Sometimes I talk dirty, telling him how much better big human cocks feel than his little elven prick. He LIKES it, the perv!

These are interesting times in Faeton. By decree of the Elf Queen, the Dark Elves were given a fertility pardon. This meant that until they were impregnated, any elf man in the kingdom could use them as he wanted. Eldrago and I picked one up and had an interesting night. Who knows, maybe she'll get pregnant and earn her pardon? However, despite the official pardoning of their crimes, the Dark Elves remain second class citizens in Faeton. They are essentially expected to suck any dick and eat any pussy that's shoved in their face. The Dark Elf Matriarch herself was publicly, and brutally, fucked by the Queen (with her six inch strap on) at the Festival of Lights four years ago. Most Dark Elves don't seem too upset by this. My theory is that their inner submissive desires have been repressed for so long, that now they crave submission even if that makes them public sex slaves. Most have borne children by now and left for the human world to seek Pacts. 

Just after the end of the festival of lights, the Queen left for the human world. I'm told she's bound to a friend of yours! I bet right at this minute she's happily slurping down his potent human cum. Mmmmm...

After Emillitae finishes her first year in school, I'm going to go out on Pact in the human world for the first time. I've already discussed this with Eldrago and he has agreed. I can't wait to surrender my slutty slit to a huge human stud! But to a certain extent, my pussy will always belong to you, the man who claimed my body for humanity. I hope, when my daughter grows up, she will be broken in by great human man just like you. 

After all, Every Elf woman belongs to human men. Some just don't know it yet.

XOXOXOXO

Emahna

I found two photos in the envelope along with the letter. The first showed Emahna and Eldrago smiling and holding hands with a cute little girl about as tall as their thighs. They were all smiling happily. It was a heartwarming picture. The second one was of Emahna alone. The photo of her gorgeous nude body was taken from an extremely low angle. She smirked at the camera with none of the innocence she had possessed on her wedding night, spreading her pussy open lewdly with her fingers. In the upper right hand corner of the photo was a kiss mark in pink lipstick. 

"Emahna sure has progressed a lot, hasn't she?" said Emilliae, looking over my shoulder (figuratively. She was way too short to look over my shoulder literally). "I think you were the best thing for their marriage."

"Oh, look, it's that Elven couple you owned. What a cute little life they have," said Emulstia, picking up the other photo. "So, master," she continued, changing the subject. "You're the Big Boss of this establishment. We should celebrate, and I have an idea. Would you mind if I took the lead?" I nodded, intrigued. She snapped her fingers and suddenly her purple frame was wrapped in the lacy black ballroom gown of the Dark Elf Huntress. "Take out your cock, but don't touch it! High Elf, you can't touch him either." She hopped up on my desk. "Sit back and watch, stud," she said, beginning to roll her hips enticingly. "I want to see just how much I can tease you before you just HAVE to throw me down and rape me half to death."

My cock reached erection very quickly as I watched her dance. She winked at me. "This is called the torture dance. We dark elves used to cast orgasm denial spells on captive human men, put them in cages, and dance like this JUST out of their reach." She bent at the waist, giving me a peak down the low neckline of her gown. She straitened and looped one finger into her bodice, slowly pulling it down, but just before her dark nipples would have been revealed, she slipped the finger out and ran her hand down her body. She caressed her breasts, her tight belly, and her hips with a coy smile.

She turned sideways and ran one hand slowly up her (proportionally) long leg, pulling up her skirt to reveal her striking purple skin, then let the skirt fall with a giggle. I clutched the armrests of my chair. Although I'd seen Emulstia naked thousands of times, and fucked her just as many, somehow I felt the burning desire to see under her clothes. She pulled me in with her sexy, teasing dance, slowly, slowly revealing skin, forcing me to salivate over every inch. 

She turned around and shook her tiny butt, caressing it with her hands so that every round, luscious curve could be seen through the skirt. My self control was starting to erode. Finally she raised her hands above her head and her gown fell in a pile around her feet. Underneath, she was wearing a sheer cotton bra and panties. What the FUCK?! Elves NEVER wear underwear! I couldn't take it anymore. I began to stand up. Then I noticed Emulstia's white panties were completely soaked through. Indeed, her juices were beginning to drip down her legs. Behind her coy smile and teasing winks, I detected just a hint of urgency. She was teasing herself just as much as she teased me!

I sat back down and crossed my arms stubbornly. I could still win this game. A flash of annoyance crossed Emulstia's face, but her concentration didn't break. She bent over at the waist, running her fingers slowly over her sodden, cotton covered mound. "Ooooo, you know you want this purple pussy," she cooed. She dipped one finger into her panties, slipping it into her wet heat, then brought it out covered in her nectar. She looked right at me as she sucked the finger clean, swirling her tongue around it. "Mmmmmmnnn...."

She straitened, facing me. "How do you like these tits?" she breathed, cupping them with her hands and squeezing roughly. "Ooooh, yeah. Do you wanna see them?" The bra strap broke in the back with a quiet snap. "Oh," Emulstia said, feigning surprise and holding the cotton cups against her chest with her hands. With a coy smile she jiggled her tits, then finally lowered the bra, revealing her perfect, purple, grapefruit-sized breasts. 

Emulstia looped the bra between her legs and ran it back and forth over her pussy as she danced, tits swaying. I couldn't take much more of this. She tossed the bra at me, hitting me right in the chest and gave me a cute little smile. My blood was boiling. 

I was just about to stand up when a blonde, snarling missile collided with Emulstia, knocking her onto her back on my desk. Emilliae grunted as she wrestled for dominance over the dark elf, who was struggling, confused against her high elf assailant. Apparently Emilliae's blood was boiling too. I chuckled, fishing around in my desk's lower drawer, pulling out the five-inch strap on, and tossing it into the fray. The blonde high elf managed to gain control of it and strap it on. With a feral snarl she thrust down into Emulstia's purple cunt, the pinned dark elf moaning in helpless pleasure. 

I was through waiting around. I walked around the desk and presented my cock to the elves, who we're only too happy to kiss, suck and lick it for me. They both lathered me with their tiny tongues, but Emilliae never stopped pounding Emulstia for a single second. However, this double blowjob was not my main objective. Really, it was to provide some lube for my true target: Emilliae's asshole. I climbed up onto the desk and spread her tiny ass cheeks, rubbing my engorged member up and down the crack of her ass, making her squeal. Then I slowly crammed my cock into her rectum, inch by inch. No matter how many times I took the tiny high elf's ass over the years it remained tight as the first day I met and claimed her. A low moan escaped the high elf as I sank my dick into her depths. 

"Ohhhh, shit, it feels like it's all the way up in my stomach. OHHHHH!" she groaned as I savagely fucked her ass. With every thrust into Emilliae's ass, I pushed her strap-on deeper into the pussy of the dark elf below, causing Emulstia to gasp in pleasure. 

I allowed my inner ogre to take over, grunting savagely as I pounded Emilliae's asshole from behind. My higher brain functions shut off and I became a savage whose only purpose was my own pleasure. I was a raging beast in rut, ravishing two fair, impossibly sexy maidens. They moaned and coaxed and screamed. Emilliae was the first to cum as I pounded her rectum, my balls slapping against her pussy. Emulstia reached climax seconds later as Emilliae's strap on hit her cervix. 

I tore my cock from Emilliae's asshole with a grunt, leaving it gaping wide. I crawled over my prone sluts and grasped Emulstia's head by the hair, lining her mouth up with my cock. She opened her mouth and eagerly sucked me in, cleaning the taste of her fellow slave's asshole from my dick. I gave her a few seconds to enjoy the taste before pushing my dick into her throat. The purple beauty gagged and choked as I treated her mouth and throat like just another hole to fuck. 

"AK BAK GURK GAK!"

As I was facefucking Emulstia, Emilliae had regained enough of her strength to move. The high elf doggedly returned to pounding Emulstia with the strap on. Assaulted from both sides, Emulstia couldn't contain herself. She screamed as she came again, cunt contracting around Emilliae's relentless strap on, orgasmic scream muffled by my hard cock as I pounded her throat. With a grunt I pulled the head of my dick from the back of her throat and came on her tongue. I shook as I emptied my balls into her mouth, spraying her pallet as she moaned appreciatively at the taste. The moment I pulled my cock from between Emulstia's lips, Emilliae pounced, kissing the dark elf deeply and sucking as much of my seed as she could from her mouth. I fell back into my chair, satisfied. For the moment. 

Emulstia groaned as Emilliae finally pulled back from the long, deep kiss. "Mmmmm. That was so good. But gods damn it high elf! I had him on the ropes! Why did you have to interfere?"

Emilliae blushed. "I... um, well..."

I laughed. "Ha! The two of you are so damn cute."

This time they both blushed, Emilliae's face turning a fetching shade of pink, Emulstia's a deeper purple. They both sat up, glancing at each other awkwardly. They turned to me, suddenly serious. "Master," Emilliae began, "We have served you faithfully these last five years and we've enjoyed every minute. We hope to continue to serve you as long as you live. Which is why we want to know, what do you want to do next?"

"What do you mean?"

Emulstia broke in. "She means, now that you're the CEO of the company, what do you want next? In life."

I sat back and thought about it for a moment. With two invisible magic slaves I could take over the world if I wanted, but I had no such ambition. I already had wealth, an easy life, and unlimited free sex with two impossibly sexy elves. There was really only one other thing I wanted, but it might get complicated. I decided to tell them anyway. 

"Kids."

Emilliae blinked. "Kids?"

"MY kids. I want to find a human woman and pass on my genes, and be a father to some kids. That's the only thing I can think of."

"Hmm. A difficult task indeed," said Emulstia.

"I know, right?"

"It's not so hard as all that," said Emilliae patiently. "A few of my past human masters managed it. Dealing with human women is a daunting prospect, I will admit. They are truly terrifying creatures. And of course, this woman must never find out about the two of us or we will be whisked away."

"Human women aren't as bad as you think," I said. "The way the two of you talk, it's like you think human women are some kind of sociopaths who enslave human men and drink their blood, laughing at our suffering all the while."

"Are you saying human woman never find amusement in male suffering?" Emulstia asked with one eyebrow raised.

"Uh, well I guess sometimes they do, but-"

"Master," Emilliae interrupted, "In the human world, which gender performs the most dangerous and most unenviable tasks?"

"Well, men I suppose, but-"

"After you account for the necessities of life such as food and shelter, which gender spends the most wealth?"

"Women, but-"

"Which criminal is punished more harshly: a man who has harmed a woman, or a woman who has harmed a man?" Males in your world are an oppressed minority.

I sighed. "I see your point. But we men are just as bad. Like, for example, men rape women! That's pretty bad, right?"

The elves glanced at each other, confused. "What exactly do you mean by 'rape', sir?" asked Emulstia. 

"Forcing a woman to have sex against her will."

"Why would any woman not want to have sex with human men?" It was a serious question, apparently. 

"I don't know. They just don't," I said, exasperated. "I guess they just aren't awesome, like elf girls."

"That still sounds to me like a problem with human women, not human men."

I sighed. "It doesn't matter. The point is, I need to get a girlfriend, so I can get married and have kids." 

Emilliae stood, proportionally huge tits jiggling as she saluted, grinning. "If that's what you want, we'll help you any way we can, sir!"

Emulstia climbed to her feet beside her, considerably less bubbly but smiling brightly. "Who knows? Maybe someday we'll be bound in pact to your great grandkids." She rubbed her clit as if anticipating that distant future. But the future could wait. Right now, it was time for more sex. I stood up and pushed Emulstia back onto her back on my desk. She moaned lewdly as I plunged my rod deep into her incredibly tight purple pussy. Emilliae hopped down off the desk and pressed her face up into my ballsack, slurping noisily. 

I knew one thing for sure. I was never going to give up my pet elves. Not until the day I died. 

------------------------------------------------------

I was very choosy about the woman I eventually married. After all, I didn't want to breed with just anyone. I wanted a top-notch girl: hot, smart, kind. Someone I could get along with. I never was that skilled at picking up chicks, and five years of absolutely effort-free sex with two gorgeous elf babes certainly hadn't honed my skills in that regard. Still, I was decent looking (not Brad Pitt or anything, but I kept myself in shape) and I was also a CEO of a fairly successful company, so my prospects were good. 

Even so, it took me four years to meet my future wife. She was absolutely stunning, with pale skin and long, dark black hair. She had long, athletic legs and big C-cup breasts. Her eyes... well, let's just say they were blue. If I try to describe what they were really like I might never stop. 

Her name was Emily. I kind of liked the symmetry of it all. 

On our first date I learned she was thirty six, two years older than me. She had a doctorate in microbiology and worked at a leading cancer research center. Over the next couple of dates I learned more about her life. Apparently she had only ever had one serious boyfriend way back when she was eighteen. He died in a war, leaving her pregnant and alone. Luckily her parents were fairly well-to-do so she was able to attend school while raising her son. She never had time to date between raising her son and working, but now her son was grown up and about to move out, so she decided it might not be too late to meet someone and maybe have another kid or two. 

Our courtship was awkward. Like I've said, I've never been that good with women. Luckily my pet elves were always there to help. A little magic applied judiciously here and there goes a long way, it turns out. Her favorite song would always come on the radio when she met me, I always knew just what she wanted for gifts, etc. Eventually, I managed to convince her to come to bed with me. 

Remember how I said that years of free sex hadn't improved my social skills? It turns out, they had improved my sexual skills quite a bit. I rocked her world that night. She screamed and moaned and thrashed and came and came and came. After that night she was mine almost as surely as Emilliae and Emulstia. I proposed to her the next morning and she said yes, then immediately sank to her knees and sucked my cock for the first time, looking up at me with those eyes. 
