 AN: Hey guys! This is the chapter with John and the Elf Queen. You shouldn't read it until you've read up to at least My New Pet Elf Ch. 05. Hope you enjoy.

*****

John groaned. His head rang like a church bell on Sunday and the light from the window stabbed through his eyelids like shards of broken glass. He felt a weight on his chest, as if his depression and hangover were telling him not to get up. Groggily, he opened his eyes, vision a complete blur. Despite the pounding headache, he was still glad to be awake. Rita haunted his dreams. He groped on his nightstand, still next to blind, and picked up his phone, holding it close to his face. Might as well see what harassing messages the crazy bitch had sent him last night.

There were two texts from Rita on his phone. The first read: "Hey, worthless quickshot! Marcus just made me cum 3 times in one night! How does it feel to be such a loser?!!" The second said "Stay away from me John. Don't you dare come near me or I'll call the cops."

He groaned. More of the same. She would probably never get tired of tormenting him. 

"I must admit, I've never met a human who was more oblivious to my presence," said a melodious feminine voice. 

John dropped his phone in surprise, looking up to find that the weight on his chest was not metaphorical, but physical. A beautiful woman sat on his chest, her slim yet busty form hugged tight by her ripped jeans and a t-shirt that was two sizes two small. Her bimbo-esque appearance contrasted sharply with her cultured, crisp, even aristocratic voice. And she was hot. Every inch of her, every word she spoke, every minute movement that she made, screamed sex appeal. Looking at her, John almost felt the embers of lust stir within. But no, that part of him was dead now, killed by Rita. 

Wait. There was something funny about this strange woman. She was... small. Like, really small. She looked like she would have been about three feet tall standing up, even though she had the proportions of a six foot supermodel. Was he still drunk? 

"Good morning John," she said. "My name is Emregalia. I'm an elf." Now that she mentioned it, her ears were pointed at the tips. He was surprised that elves were real, but he found it hard to care. He found it hard to care about anything anymore, to be honest. 

"What the f..." He coughed. His throat was dry. "What the fuck," he finished. "What are you doing? Why are you here?"

"I'm here for you!" The elf exclaimed cheerfully, rubbing her hands against his chest. "I've come to be your faithful servant until the day you die. To serve you any way you desire." She smiled sexily and ground her hips against him. 

"No thanks," said John. His voice sounded flat, emotionless and dead, even to himself. He pushed her off his chest and sat up. Better take a shower and start looking for work, his rainy day fund wasn't going to last much longer. As for the elf, well, whatever she was, he couldn't give her what she obviously wanted. 

Emregalia was shocked. "N...no?" she stammered, not comprehending. "That is unacceptable." John was thrown back onto the bed by some invisible force, his arms inexplicably bound behind his head. 

"You cannot refuse me," continued Emregalia, "You are a strong, virile, fit human male in your physical prime, and I am a gorgeous, horny little elf slut begging for your dick. You CANNOT refuse me. It's impossible. Jeez. Do I really need to hold you down with magic? I feel like a gods damned dark elf."

"It's not that I don't want to," John explained. "I just... can't." 

She raised an eyebrow. "Why not?" She reached an arm back to his boxers, rubbing, then stopping immediately when she found him limp. "Your flaccidity does indeed pose a dilemma." With a concerned look on her face, she took his head in her hands. He felt a chill pass through his body. "There doesn't appear to be anything physically wrong with you. Please explain." 

John sighed. "I'm sorry. I just can't do it, okay?" 

"Yes, but why not?" 

"Don't really see how it's your business..."

"I'm not letting you up until you tell me," she insisted. 

"Fine." He sighed again, and then began his sad tale of woe. "About a year back, I met this girl. Rita. Looking back I should have seen the signs. She was crazy. But she was also CRAZY, you know? We hit it off immediately and started fucking after our very first date. We did it every single night, and the sex was absolutely amazing."

"You did not have this... problem... with her?" Emregalia broke in.

"No," John continued. "I made her cum every single night for eleven months. At least once, every single night. And things were great, not just in bed, but everywhere. She made friends with my friends, hung out with my coworkers, hell, my parents even liked her. It was like... like she became a completely different person when around different people. She had the ability to put them all at ease, to make them like her. I thought I was the only one who knew the real Rita. Of course, I was wrong. The real Rita is a psycho bitch. 

"One night I had a little too much to drink, and I... wasn't able to bring her to orgasm. I came too quickly, and then I just kind of dozed off. When I woke up the next morning, she was gone, along with my car and all my credit cards. I didn't put two and two together, I thought something bad had happened to her. Like maybe someone had broken in, kidnapped her, and took my stuff. I texted her frantically, like four or five times, and left at least 10 messages on her voice mail. I was distraught. While I was freaking out, she was busy emptying my bank accounts and racking up credit card debt in my name. 

"The next time I saw her, it was in court. She accused me of stalking and harassment, using the messages I sent her as evidence. She stood up on that podium and told the judge that I was violent and controlling, and that she had finally worked up the courage to leave me and that I had harassed her ever since. She even cried a little. It was a brilliant performance. The judge awarded her a restraining order. 

"I tried to go to the cops about my car and my credit cards. They refused to press charges, claiming I was trying to use the system to harass Rita. I lost my job. If I hadn't saved up a rainy day fund I'd already be out on the street. My family won't talk to me anymore. The only ones who even believe me are Joe and Jason, my two best friends. Then, to make matters even worse, she started sending ME harassing texts, telling me how inadequate I am and how much better the other men she fucks are. Each time she sends another text warning me to stay away. Her friend at the phone company that deletes the incriminating texts leaving no evidence of her constant harassment of me. Instead it looks like I'm still harassing HER! 

"And to top it all off, I can't even get it up anymore. Every time I start to get aroused I can hear Rita, in my head, laughing at me. I've tried everything, pills, hookers, you name it. Nothing works. She's won. I'll have to live with the damage she's caused for the rest of my life. At first, I was really broken up about it, but now... I just don't really care anymore. ."

"Well, John, you had better start caring," insisted Emregalia. "You may have had some bad experiences with a human woman, but I am NOT a human woman. Look closely and behold my elven glory."

She grabbed her tight white shirt, pulled it over her head and tossed it aside, allowing her large breasts to spill out. On a human woman, those breasts would have been fairly large, but on a tiny elf they were nothing short of enormous. Nevertheless they sat perky and perfect and round on her chest, jiggling only slightly as she leaned forward. She smiled. "Though I may be small, my elven titties are big enough to fill the hands of even a big, powerful human stud like you. And unlike human tits, they will never grow saggy, baggy, or old. But that's not all."

She turned around and bent over, slowly gyrating her hips as she peeled her tight jeans down her curvy bottom, revealing her tiny, bubble shaped ass cheeks and, at the junction of her legs, her perfect, pink little slit, visibly moist. It looked and smelled delicious. She parted the lips with her fingers, looking over her shoulder with a grin. "This is my little elven pussy - tighter than a human virgin's. And no matter how hard you slam it with your big human cock, no matter what various objects you shove into it, no matter how many years you spend plowing it, it will remain just as perfect, pink, and tight as the very first time you touch it. And this..." She pulled apart her ass cheeks, "This is my tiny elf asshole. It's even tighter. And all of these things could be yours, along with every other part of me, unconditionally. No limits. No safe words. No 'not tonight dear's or 'I'm not in the mood's. No need to give me a massage first. Just one perpetually horny elf slut whenever, wherever, and however you want her. I'll even be your slave outside the bedroom too. My magic and I will be completely at your disposal. 

"What do you get out of all this?" John asked. "Just for the sake of curiosity." 

"The opportunity to copulate with a human male whenever he desires," replied Emregalia. 

"That's it?"

"Yes. We elf women just love human cock," she said. "And I more than most, for I am Queen of the Elves." Here her voice took on an edge. "You see, about twenty thousand years ago I absorbed a great deal of magical energy. While that energy expanded my power, it also expanded my mind. My IQ skyrocketed. You would think having a brain with the same capacity as a human supercomputer would be beneficial, but it isn't. It really isn't. My miserable thoughts travel in circles over and over and over again in the span of a fraction of a second. Every instant of my immortal life feels like an eternity. Also, the same way too much light can blind, too much intelligence can interfere with clear thought. Sometimes I find myself unable to make even simple decisions like what to wear or what to have for lunch, the infinite options and all their potential implications and permutations spinning through my skull at lightspeed and keeping me from doing ANYTHING at all for hours. 

"The only cure I have found is human cock. When a human is inside me every facet of my incredible mind is stuffed just as full as my pussy and I turn into a dumb, happy little bimbo." 

"Well that's nice," said John. "Sounds like we're both missing out."

"No, you don't understand." There was a wild look in the elf's eyes now and she jabbed her finger at John's chest every few words. "I have gone 205 years, four months, three days, seven hours, and thirty two minutes AND COUNTING without a human cock."  

"There are plenty around," John retorted, voice still flat and emotionless, "and mine doesn't work."

"No. I came here for you, John. I am GOING to get you hard, and then you are GOING to fuck me stupid with it. Understand?" 

John sighed. "Fine. Give it a shot, I guess. It's not like I have anything to lose." 

"That's the spirit." The magical force that bound him to the bed subsided, allowing him to move his arms. Emregalia slid herself down his torso onto his legs. She grasped the hem of his boxers, pulling down. Then her eyes went wide. 

"Good gods! Its huge!" 

Well, John couldn't help but feel a little pride, even if his dick was still limp as a wet noodle. "Seven and a half inches erect," he informed her. "Bigger than most guys, I guess. Not that it matters if I can't GET erect."

She took him in her hands. "You just leave that to me, big man," she cooed. "I'm the Queen of the Elves, the closest thing to a goddess that exists on this planet. There is no cock I can't make hard." Then she bent forward and took him into her mouth. Her soft, wet tongue caressed the underside of his flaccid shaft as his head slipped into her throat. It felt great. Amazing even. It made sense, she had been doing this for thousands of years. But despite all her skill he didn't feel even the slightest stirring of hardness in his penis. He hung his head in shame as Rita's laughter rang in his skull. 

He felt Emregalia's mouth slide off of him. So she was giving up too. Not even an immortal elf queen could bring his dead sexuality back to life. 

"John, look at me," she cooed. Jon looked up. The elf queen lifted his dick, opened her mouth, and took his balls into her mouth. Her tiny mouth was stuffed with his sack, making her cheeks bulge. She kept eye contact, rubbing his flaccid shaft against her face with her hand and nuzzling it as if it was her favorite thing in the world while she sucked gently on his gonads. 

Then, suddenly, she groaned loudly and her eyes rolled up in her head. It was a hot display. But, John knew, only a display. No woman could possibly have an orgasm just from sucking a man's balls. 

But then he felt the gush of wetness against his knee. Could it be? He looked at her closely. The flush on her face and chest. Her irregular breathing. Her erect nipples. It looked for all the world that this elf girl really had just had an orgasm. 

He opened his mouth. "Did you... did you really just cum from sucking my balls?" Emregalia pulled her mouth off of his testicles with a *pop*. She smiled at him, the kind of crooked, satisfied smile a woman can only pull off just after cumming. 

"Well," she explained, "I was pleasuring your swollen stud-sac when it occurred to me that you probably haven't blown many loads recently. To keep my overwhelming intellect busy, I decided to calculate the approximate number of sperm cells you have in these bull-balls. Human male virility really is amazing." She kissed his balls once more, giggling. "Over 280 BILLION. You could impregnate every woman on earth 80 times over just with what you've got in here now! And you're producing more at a rate of 200 thousand per MINIUTE! I... I got a little excited." She put his balls back into his mouth, and within seconds she groaned again, gushing against his leg. She was cumming again. 

This gorgeous little immortal sexpot had an orgasm from sucking his balls. 

Twice.

For the first time in months, Rita's laughter stopped cold. John couldn't hear her anymore. His cock stiffened so fast it hit Emregalia in the face (she didn't seem to mind) and the blood rushing in through his ears blocked all sound. He saw the elf grin in triumph around the rock hard shaft of his dick. He leaned forward, grasping her shoulders. A deal was a deal. "How do you want it?" he asked, unable to hear his own voice around the pounding in his skull.

He couldn't hear her reply, but he read her lips. "Any way you want to give it to me, stud." 

Well, he didn't really care how. But, he wanted her NOW. He pushed her onto her back and pounced atop her like a panther, rubbing his ultra-hard cock against her dime-sized pussy. He didn't wait, pushing into her depths in a single stroke. Despite her impossible tightness it slid in rather easily thanks to her copious lubrication. She writhed under him, her cunt getting even tighter and wetter around him as he pulled back and slammed in again. 

Emregalia was on cloud nine, but John was completely oblivious. All that mattered was to fuck. And fuck he did. He lay atop her, dominating her tiny body, slamming his hips forward into her with the maximum amount of force he could muster on every thrust. He still couldn't hear anything, and slowly his sight was beginning to fade as well. Everything was sensation. The tightness of her cunt around his cock was foremost, but he also felt her hands clawing at his back, her firm breasts pressed hard against his upper abdomen, the writhing of her hips against him as she came over and over again. It kept going for what felt like hours. Then, slowly, it all began to bend and contract. It seemed like everything in the universe was pulled, inevitably pulled, into a one dimensional singularity, and at the center of it all was Emregalia's hot, wet, infinitely tight pussy. 

And then he exploded. Every other orgasm in his life combined couldn't compare to this. Every muscle in his body tensed to its painful limit as he pounded his hips forward for one final thrust, gasping as spurt after spurt after spurt of nearly boiling cum poured from his cock, deep into the delirious elf beneath him. He collapsed on top of her, breathing heavily. 

John looked down at his new pet elf and laughed. She was still having an orgasm and her facial expression was hilarious. Her eyes were wide, rolled so far back in her head that he couldn't even see her irises. A single tear streak led from the corner of her eye down her cheek, where it mingled with a trickle of drool that seeped from her gaping mouth, her tongue lolling comically to the side. It was the face of someone who had lost all control, all awareness. He probably had a similar expression just moments ago. 

He also noticed a green glow. He pulled out of her, examining the green rune that had appeared on her abdomen. "What is this?" he asked.

"That..." responded Emregalia, coming down from her orgasmic high "It's... um... Uh..." She blinked. "I forgot what it's called. But basically it means I belong to you now." She closed her eyes, rubbing her hand on the rune. "Mmmmm. I can feel all of your little spermies swimming around in me. All... How many did I say before? Twenty gajillion? Twenty gajillion of them."

"Wow. You weren't kidding when you said cock makes you stupid." 

"Hey! Don't be mean. Or... Do be mean. I guess. If you want to. Because you own me, see?" She smiled brightly, pointing at the green mark on her stomach. 

John smiled back. "I see. How long do you stay dumb?"

"Um... That depends? On what you mean by dumb? I won't be as smart as I was for another 200 years, but I'll be smarter than you in about an hour, mister smarty dick. Oooh, dick! I want more dick!" 

Well that was a lucky coincidence, because amazingly, despite his earth shattering orgasm mere minutes ago, John's cock was still rock hard. The little guy must have been trying to make up for lost time. A worthy notion, if you asked John. Somehow, he knew he would never have problems 'getting it up' ever again. He flipped Emregalia over so that she was on all fours. "Oh!" She exclaimed, reaching her hands back to spread her ass cheeks, revealing her tiny rosebud asshole. "Stick it in here next. Up my booty. Oh yeah. Stretch it out with your big ape dick, please, please, please!" 

She really didn't have to beg. He slid his cock down the crevice of her tiny ass and lined it up with her impossibly small backdoor. He thought there was no way it could fit, but as he pushed forward and she slammed her hips back, somehow it slid in.

John, a normal human man with a slightly larger than average dick, pushed his cock up to the hilt in the rectum of the eternally beautiful, thirty thousand year old, nearly all powerful elf queen, Emregalia. She squealed in delight and gushed all over his balls as she came violently. As great and powerful as she was, she was his now. His new pet elf.