 Life sometimes isn't what you want it to be. I had learned that early on, when I was still little more than a child. Through the years I had come to accept I was different, but after the night of my twenty-first birth, I realized just how different I truly was. 

The day had started out like any other, intense study followed by a severe headache. They had been growing worse recently, and as I left my desk chair behind and walked through the small hallway to the bathroom I feel face first. The warm carpet cave my face little support. Before I even landed I cried out, surprised at the blinding pain that rushed through my head. This wasn't normal, nor good. 

When my head hit the ground the pain became worse. It was as if an explosion had ripped through my skull, filling my mind with a pain as sharp and real as any I had ever felt before. For a moment I just lay there, my face plastered to the beige carpet. As I tried to get up my mother's shrill cry cut through my confusion, and filled my ears. 

"Stephen don't get up," she called to me. 

I heard her feet race against the carpet and a moment later I felt a hand grab the back of my arm. Instead of listening I pushed myself up to my feet, my hands wrapping around my temples. I looked at my mom and gave her my best grin, or at least I hoped it was my best. In fact I must have looked like a complete idiot, my grin little more than a forced response to my stupidity. 

My mother studied my face for a moment, her eyes growing wide as she looked me over. She then leaned in, and smelled my breath. "You've been studying too much," she said, a hint of anger in her voice. 

I shook my head, and tried to find an excuse but the searing pain had apparently washed away any clever thing I had to say. Instead I just grinned again, and stood in the middle of the hallway. 

Out of the corner of my eye I could see my sister Toby poke her head out from her room, and smile at me before returning to her room. 

Thanks sis, I thought as my attention returned to my mother. 

She was beautiful, her brown eyes nearly glowing as she met mine. I had never noticed the few freckles that dotter her soft skin, her blonde hair falling in ringlets that clung to her shoulders. She smiled at me, then shook her head and placed the back of her hand atop my forehead. 

"I don't want to hear an excuse mister. You need to sleep, medical school can wait till tomorrow."

I hated to argue with my mother. Since my dad had died when I was six it had just been us, and my two sisters Toby and Noelle. We had grown rather close over the years, and in many ways I was the man of the house. I fixed the plumbing, and mowed the lawn, while protecting them the best I could. Like I said before I was weird. Weird enough to turn down a scholarship from John Hopkins to attend Sacred Soul, a local medical school that would allow me to live off campus, and help support my family. I didn't mind the decision of course, but how could I explain to my mom that next week was perhaps the most important week of my life. If I didn't do well on these upcoming tests I was royally screwed.

Instead of trying to mount a defense, I just shrugged my shoulders and nodded. "I guess I've been working hard," I said in a meek tone. I shot my mom a smile and placed a hand on her shoulder. 

She smiled back at me and said, "Just try and sleep for tonight. You'll have the entire weekend to study. Maybe you can even call Alexis, she is such a nice girl." 

I took a deep breath and shook my head. Even after a year hearing the ex's name still hurt, and although I would never admit it to a living soul I did really miss her. 

"I don't think so mom," I said before turning around and heading back to my room. My mom said nothing as I went, but I could feel her eyes watching me, sadness growing on her beautiful face. 

Later that night I felt the pain in my mind return. Like a searing poker it dug into my brain, washing away whatever dream world my mind had created. In a second my eyes where open, and my heart was racing; I tried to move from my bed, but my body refused to stir. It was as if I was glued to my bed, frozen in a state of growing anxiety. 

"I'm begging abducted," I growled, low enough I hoped only I could hear my stupid joke. 

Sadly, I wasn't the only one that heard. A shadow shifted from the corner of my bed, and a second later a man in a bright blue robe appeared at the foot of my bed. Hanging over his head was an orb of soft orange light. It spun around and radiated the strange light into every corner of my room. 

"Why does everyone say that?" the man asked, a quizzical look on his weathered face. 

I tried desperately to move, to attack the intruder in any way possible, but I couldn't. I was trapped in my own bed, as some sick freak prepared to do whatever he wanted. 

I wish I had been abducted, I thought, my breath catching in my lungs. 

The man stared at me for a moment, then brought up a finger and flicked the side of his large, hooked nose. His bright blue eyes grew wide, and for a moment the man's bottom lip trembled slightly enough I wasn't sure I had seen it. 

"Your one of the Gifted my friend," the man said. He took a step to the side of my bed, leaned closer to me and smiled. The expression looked strange on his face as if it was both foreign and a little forced. 

"You just don't know it," the stranger added, before taking another step and placing his hand atop my arm. "I can feel it, the power coursing through your veins. Tell me, how long have you had headaches? A week, a month?"

For a moment I just stared at the man, trying to figure out what was happening. If this guy was going to kill me, or do anything worse he was certainly struggling. It seemed almost like he wanted to sit down and have a conversation with me. 

"For a while," I said softly. Admitting the man was right about something didn't feel right, but what other choice did I have. For some reason I knew that if I lied he would have been able to find the truth. 

"Well that's rather good news," the man said. He looked up at my ceiling, than clapped his hands together. "Our next meeting isn't for another week, so I guess you'll have to lay low for then." 

The stranger parted his two hands, and a small silver chain fell from his palms and onto my bed. I watched as the chain lifted into the air, moved towards me, then snaked around my neck. 

The metal felt cold on my skin, as if it had been dug from the deepest regions of the earth. The man grabbed the necklace, and fingered the chain for a moment before dropping it back onto my chest and smiling. "These next few days will be very important," he said. "Without feeding the power inside of you, you will wither up and die. I know this is a lot, but I can't say more till the meeting. The treaty is pretty sold on this fact."

A shrill cry cut through the air. I looked at my door, but luckily it remained close. I quickly realized that the sound had radiated form the orb. My eyes shot towards it, and for a moment it just hung up in the air, soft orange light radiating from it's core. 

The stranger took a step towards the orb, lifted his hand and grabbed hold of it. "What do you want you stupid thing?" he asked. 

He took a step back, and a moment later the orb grew twice the size. I stared at it for a moment, and thought I saw a face emerge from it's orange depths to only return to it's unknown hiding spot a moment later. 

I frowned, and then looked at the strange man in the blue robe. "What the hell is that?"

The man looked over his shoulder and scoffed at me. "An orb of light," he said as if it was the simplest thing in the world. "It like's you. I guess that is good. Giving you a little aid wouldn't really go against the treaty, at least I suppose so." 

The stranger then grabbed hold of the orb and began to whispers something I couldn't hear. I watched him as his whispers became a chant that grew in both speed, and strangeness. Several times the man coughed into his hand, then clucked as if he was a chicken. 

When the chant stopped my room grew dark. A moment later the man walked across the room, and flipped the light switch. 

A women garbed in all white sat at the foot of my bed. She smiled at me, her dark grey eyes studying my face as she reached out and grabbed my leg. 

"Its so good to finally touch you Steve," she said in a soft, yet husky voice. 

I looked down at her hand, and suddenly felt warmth wash over my face. "Who are you?" I asked, stunned at my circumstance. 

"O this is not going well," the man in the blue robe groaned. He walked towards me, grabbed hold of my arm, and shook me for a moment before letting go and looking up at the ceiling once again. 

"She is your guardian, think of her as a ghost, but with more powers. She's known you since you where a boy, and is more then willing to help recharge you power."

"My power?"

The man smacked me atop the head, and groaned. "I told you I can't tell you anything until the meeting. Why must you ask such questions kid? Trying to start a war or something?"

I shook my head quickly, and looked back at the girl sitting atop my bed. She was cute, beautiful really, with a seemingly ageless face, and short blonde hair that hid a mysterious glare to her eyes. I was interested, but had she appeared from that orb of light?

"Yes," she said with a smile. She inched closer, her fingers walking up my leg until they reached my thigh. "I really have known you since your birth. We where born together. Think of it like where twins, just with a more...spiritual connection." 

"Spiritual connection?" I asked. 

The strange man slapped his hands together and began to chuckle softly. He then stared at me with his sapphire blue eyes, and shook his head once more. "Listen kid, your one of the Chosen, a Gifted if you would. To sum it up people like us have fought an endless war against the shadow forces of the Dark Lord. Your powers are fueled by the more animalistic aspects of your existence; haven't you ever noticed how good you feel when a beautiful women touches you?"

"Everyone does." I replied quickly.

The man rolled his eyes. "Yes, but have you ever noticed how strong you get? How fast you become. Do your remember when you lost your virginity?" Alexis I think the girl was. Well do you remember the day after?"

"Yeah what about it," I said. My eyes nervously turned to the girl, who sat with a smile on her face, her hand slowly traveling up my thigh. 

"You dunked a basketball, and didn't even break a sweet."

I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders. I then turned and grinned at the girl, hoping I looked as good as I felt. "I'm just really good at basketball. No big deal."

"Your six foot tall idiot," the man said. "Have you ever dunked a basketball before, or after? Have you even come close?"

I thought about it for a moment, and then shook my head. "No," I admitted, "but what does that have to do with Alexis."

The man put his hands on his waist and looked absolutely stunned with my apparent stupidity. He then looked towards the girl, and ran a hand through his long white hair. 

"I really don't think this one is going to last Morgan my dear. It looks like you'll be back with us in a day or two."

The girl, Morgan, shot up towards the man and slapped him squarely in the face. She then turned towards me and smiled, before whirling around and slapping the old man a second time right in the middle of his wrinkled cheek. 

"Your an idiot Arthur. Gawyn and Telvar said he was the strongest gifted in a thousand years. You yourself called him a scion of the old ways. Now you think he is going to die?"

The man stared at Morgan for a moment, then looked at me. He shifted his head, and itched his temple with a long finger before shrugging his shoulders. He then turned back to Morgan and frowned. "If you can keep him alive for a week maybe, but who really knows. The Dark Lord and his ilk will search for him. They will find him, and they will rip his soul from his very chest. You know the risks Morgan. Don't sugar coat the boy's path in life. That would not be right."

"And what do you know of right and wrong Arthur? Your heads been locked in the sand for so long I'm shocked you remembered where Earth was."

The old man stood up straight, and shook his head. "I forgot how foolish youth can be," he said as he turned around and walked towards the center of my room. 

He looked over at me, and for a moment just stared. "Good luck Stephen Tucker. Try and remember what I said. You will have to feed your gift, or die with a wimpier. Your choice kid, just know you won't be able to protect them all. The Dark Lord will try and take them, and maybe he won't get them all, but he will take from you those you love. It is just the way of it kid. Good Luck."

The air around the man shimmered, than began to fade. A moment later Arthur was gone, and I was alone with Morgan in my room. She smiled at me, then turned lifted her hand, and shut off the light switch with little more then a flick of her wrist. 

"I've know you for so long I can't believe this is real," she said, her husky voice cutting right through my fear. 

I realized I could move, and before I knew it I found my hand drift towards her. Even now I can't explain it, but in that moment it felt like the most right thing I could do. 

"Thanks for telling that guy off," I said. "He's kind of a dick."

The sweet smile that appeared on Morgan's face sent a bolt of lighting through my veins. She inched closer to me, her hand now hovering over the growing length tucked underneath my gym shorts. 

"He was right about your power, you have to feed it our you'll die. The headaches are only the start. There is a lot more pain before you die."

I looked into her eyes and saw a truth I couldn't hear. I smiled, then placed my hand on her cheek. Her skin felt soft to my touch, and the warmth from her body filled mine with a strength I had never felt before. 

"What did he mean by more animalistic aspects of my nature?" I asked. 

Morgan smiled, and a moment latter her had was rubbing my length. 

Now I don't mean to brag but I've always been rather well endowed; nine inches is nothing to scoff at, I could be a pornstar with my dick, and I did work out four times a week since I was old enough to do a proper pushup. Over the years I had gotten into a few girls pants, but none of them knew their way around my dick like Morgan did. After a few shakes my dick was rock hard, my balls aching as if I had not cum three days ago. True it had been with my hand, but I mean come one boys it's not that bad.

Morgan looked up at me and gave me a knowing glance, before using her free hand to pull down my shorts. She continued to jack off my unit, her soft hand wrapped tightly around the middle of my still growing dick. She slowly inched her mouth closer to my dick, her tongue flickering out from her lips and slowly licking the head. 

I shuddered, than felt an ease rush through my mind. It was as if I had taken a thousand Advil, and now felt not an inch of pain or discomfort. 

Luckily I could still feel the pleasure of Morgan's hand wrapped around my dick. She continued to move her hand up and down my length, her tongue licking the head of dick slowly and softly, teasing me all the way. 

I let out a soft moan, shuddered again, than felt the head of my cock become enveloped by the sweetest lips ever. I looked down, and saw pure joy in Morgan's eyes. She was happy, her mouth slowly devouring my cock inch by inch. I have to admit, for the first time in my life I felt something different, something I couldn't quite explain. Strength began to trickle through my veins. Like liquid fire it flushed away whatever stood in its path, feeding on my weakness and leaving behind nothing but strength. 

Somehow Morgan must have felt the change within me. She began to bob her head back and down greedily, her lips and tongue attacking my member as if there was no tomorrow. I felt my core tighten, my hips lift of the bed, and for a moment I thought I was floating. Morgan then looked up at me, smiled, and shook her head. 

"Next time you take care of me," she said, before winking at me and swallowing most of my length. She continued to suck, and the pleasure she was giving me became too much. 

They say Mount Saint Helens was a massive explosion. I doubt it had much on this. The moment Morgan returned her sweet mouth, and juicy lips to my cock it burst with pleasure. Ropes of white-hot come irrupted from my member, filling Morgan's mouth and causing several tiny white rivers to form at her lips. As they began to drip down her chin, Morgan looked up at me and smiled. 

"You needed that," she said, softly. 

Not knowing what to say or do I simply shook my head, and tried on my best grin. "I suppose I did," I added, trying desperately to say something clever.

She looked at me for a moment, than ran a hand through her hair. She took a deep breath, then laid down on my chest. "I did to," she said softly. 

I smiled, and squeezed her tight. The fire that ran through my veins had begun to subside, and an immense pleasure ran through my mind. Joy the likes of which I had never felt before came over for me, and my eyes began to close. Sleep came easy, but with where dreams of darkness. Images of horribly twisted faces filled my thoughts, and for most of the night I was trapped in a world of my own thoughts.