 "So Samantha, why don't you tell me what happened after you woke up in the showers?"

"I don't know, I feel a bit uncomfortable."

"Samantha, its ok to feel uncomfortable, but you can trust me. Everything we talk about here is strictly confidential."

Samantha felt as though she could trust him. "Ok, I woke up and..."

One Month ago. 

Samantha slept peacefully and naked on the cold tile floor of the showers. Suddenly she opened her eyes. She remembered what had happened to her. What her teacher had done, what her best friend had done and what six jocks with very average penis's had done. Why did they do that, what is happening to me? Courtney! I have to find Courtney! She thought. Samantha stood up and ran to her locker where her clothes were. She pulled her white panties and blue shorts up. She looked around her locker for her bra but couldn't find it, and then she remembered, Mr. Fredric her teacher had torn it off her body. She sighed as she put on her black tank top, covering her bare breasts. She put her black ankle boots on and headed for the door.

She slowly crept out of the change room, unaware of the time. She looked around, no one was there. School must not have started yet. She walked quickly out of the building. When she got outside, she started walking. She didn't know where she was going, but at this point she didn't care. She wouldn't be able to face going back there; not after she had been raped several times by several different people. Her own best friend; who she didn't even know was a lesbian, had raped her right after just touching her. Wait! That's it! Samantha thought to herself... That's how it works; every time someone touched me they instantly lost control of themselves. But how is this happening to me? Why is this happening to me?

Samantha kept walking down the side walk. Cars whizzed by, and honked. The busy city of Toronto was waking up and she was in its heart. She felt her stomach growl, so she looked in her pocket for some money and pulled out a 20. She walked into a convenience store. The door dinged as she walked in. The store was empty except for the store clerk. She knew she had to be extra careful of touching people now. She wouldn't want to be raped in public like this.

Samantha walked to the back of the store to get a drink. She picked out an orange juice. She headed to the counter. The door beeped again. An old woman walked in. Samantha got to the counter and put her drink down. The store clerk was a scrawny looking 20 year old. His hand went for the bottle and she moved away just in time. The old woman and the kid moved to the back of the store to get their groceries.

"3.50 please." The store clerk spoke with a raspy voice.

"Ok, here you go." She placed the $20 bill on the counter and moved her hand away quickly.

The store clerk took it and opened the register. He pulled out three five dollar bills and 2 quarters. He extended his hand full of money to Samantha. She carefully held out her own below his. He dropped the money into her hand but a quarter bounced away. He quickly picked it up and put it in her hand. His fingers brushed against her palm. His weasely expression suddenly changed into that of a ferocious beast. He grabbed her by the arms and pulled her up onto the counter. Not again! She screamed in her mind.

Samantha let her body go limp as her clothing was stripped from her and thrown all over the store. His hands moved rapidly all over her body. The next thing she knew the clerk was on top of her. He shoved his small hard penis into her wet slit. She moaned with every thrust into her. The old woman screamed as she saw the perverted act taking place in front of her very eyes. The store clerk sped up. She spread her legs wider.

They were lying on top of a counter in a public store, fucking, while witnesses watched them intently. Suddenly the door dinged again and in walked a police officer. He was young and strong looking. He suddenly bolted into action to save the innocent girl. He pulled the man out of her just as she squirted all over the counter. The cop stared at her as he put hand cuffs on the naked man. He escorted the man outside to his cruiser. Samantha stumbled off of the counter and began to put her clothing back on.

The cop walked back in and started asking Samantha and the old lady what had happened.

"Well, I just saw that strange man fucking the daylights out of this poor girl." Said the old woman.

Samantha and the cop gave each other a look. "He just suddenly grabbed me and pulled me up on the counter, and then he started..." Samantha blushed.

"Its ok maam. I'd like you to come down to the station with me and we'll call your parents to come get ya, ok?" He said assuredly.

Samantha dreaded the thought of her horrid step parents coming to get her. "No. I'm ok now, thank you, I just want to go home." She spoke using her Disney princess charm.

"Well mam, seeing that you may have transferred some bodily fluids back there, you are going to come down to the station for evaluation."

With that Samantha was led to a second police car. As she reached for the door, she felt his hand on hers. Oh No! She cried out in her head, and then she thought, Oh well. The policeman picked her up by the hips and placed her on the hood of the car. The other police car had driven away with the store clerk. Her shorts and underwear were once again stripped from and thrown to the ground. Her wetness ran down her legs. The young police officer of 20 years old had boyish features and strong arms. His tongue darted up and down her slit. He sucked deeply on her clit and then began inserting his tongue in and out of her, savouring her taste.

Samantha pushed his head away with all her force and screamed out of ecstasy, "I need your fucking dick inside me!"

The police officer complied instantly. He opened his pants and pulled her hips to his. His 6 inch dick slid into her soaking wet pussy. In and out; their thighs slapped together. The car began shaking from their intense thrusting. Samantha began moaning loudly. She looked around and noticed a crowd that was gathering to watch. The old woman was there too. She felt a freedom wash over her as the cold air blew. The crowd was cheering as they watched the young and beautiful 18 year old girl being pounded by the police officer.

"Uh! Uh! Harder!" She screamed

The cop slammed into her, in and out, going as fast as he could. Suddenly she tensed up and her back arched. She began squirting uncontrollably. Her cum burst out after every thrust. She was screaming. The cop continued to pound her squirting pussy. Samantha's body became lifeless as she tried to recover. The cop just kept nailing her. Her juices ran down the hood of the car and made a puddle at the officer's shoes. Her body suddenly came alive again.

She pushed him off and shouted, "Fuck me in the ass God dammit!"

The police officer quickly turned her around violently. She got on all fours as the officer carefully brought his still rock hard dick up to her ass hole. He slowly plunged it in. He sighed as he expanded her tight ass hole. The crowd continued to cheer. The old woman started smiling too, but she looked like she might have a heart attack.

Samantha began rubbing her dripping pussy as the cop rammed her ass. The cop suddenly sped up and started sighing deeply. Their cheers got louder. Samantha started moaning.

"Uhhhhh!" He sighed as he shot his load out, filling her ass.

He pulled out his limp dick and fainted. Samantha laid there for a few moments before putting her blue shorts and underwear back on. The crowd slowly dispersed after thanking her for the show. The old woman walked away quickly. Samantha couldn't stop smiling. She felt empowered by what she had done. She just fucked a police officer in front of countless witnesses.

Samantha headed back into the store and grabbed another orange juice and a bag of pork rinds. She thought about what had just happened as she started walking again, munching on her pork rinds. When people touch me they are instantly compelled to fuck me senseless, but when I asked the cop to do something specific, he complied instantly. I think I should test this out.

"Officer Johnson?! Where did that rape victim from earlier go?"

"Oh! Uh... Samantha Logan. Uh... She said she was going home, so we don't have to question her." The young officer said, flustered, trying to forget what he had done to Samantha, in front of witnesses.

"What are you talking about?! Her parents need to be informed, she needs to be looked at by a doctor and she needs to speak to someone about what happened in the store! Th... This is common protocol in a rape case! What the hell is wrong with you?!"

"Um... I will put out an APB on her right away sir."

"Good! Find her by morning."

Samantha felt her sexual fire ignite again and she needed someone to quell it. She would test her theory about people listening to her when they fuck her. Samantha walked into a small diner and took a seat in one of the booths at the back. The place was mainly empty except for a couple of people drinking coffee near the front.

The waitress walked up to her. "What can I get ya?"

The waitress was a brunette and had her hair in a tight bunch. She was wearing a red plaid uniform with a skirt. She had long legs and big tits. She spoke with a soft and easy accent.

"Just a chocolate milkshake please." Samantha answered as she looked the waitress up and down.

"Coming right up."

"Wait!"

The Waitress turned back. Samantha's hand reached out and touched the waitress's bare leg causing her body tense up, her face became wild and she was about to pounce.

"Don't move!" Samantha ordered.

The Waitress froze. Samantha was relieved it worked, but she wanted some sexual relief too.

"Lift up your skirt slowly." She spoke almost in a whisper.

The Waitress slowly lifted up her skirt revealing her pink panties. The waitress bit her lip as she tried desperately to contain her intense longing. Samantha reached out and rubbed her through her panties. A wet spot began to appear. The waitress started to sigh quietly. Samantha looked around. No one was watching.

"Take off your panties, but don't let anyone see you."

The waitress complied quickly and pulled her panties down. She kicked them off her feet and under the table. The waitress stood quietly waiting for further instructions, her pussy burned with desire.

"Now come closer."

She complied and stood right at the edge of the bench. Samantha slowly raised the waitress's skirt and put her head forward. She slowly ran her tongue up and down the soaking wet pussy lips. The waitress shuttered and sighed deeply. Sweet juices ran into Samantha's mouth. Samantha pulled away and looked around again.

"Meet me in the bathroom in 5 minutes."

Samantha got up and walked swiftly to the bathroom. When she got inside she started to remove all her clothing except her ankle boots. She sat on the toilet and spread her legs. The waitress opened the door and walked inside.

"Close the door, lock it and then... Eat me!"

The waitress threw the door shut, locked it, ran forward and threw her head into Samantha's wet heat. She slurped and sucked on Samantha's tender clit. Samantha started moaning as shivers ran through her body.

"Now finger me too!" Samantha pleaded.

The waitresses inserted her finger in and out as she continued to suck on the soaking wet cunt. Samantha couldn't help but call out.

"Oh Yes!" She screamed.

There was a knock on the door. "Hello? Is anyone in there? Are you alright? I heard yelling!"

"Stop!" Samantha whispered as she pushed the waitress away. "Who is that?"

"That's my manager." She said calmly like in a daze, still wild eyed and desperately holding back her sexual urges.

Samantha smiled as she thought of another idea. "Unlock the door and then come back over here." She motioned to her pussy.

The waitress walked over to the door, unlocked it and then bolted back to Samantha's burning heat. The manager knocked again before cautiously opening the door. Samantha pulled the waitresses head into her pussy and sighed as she let out a whiz of hot piss. The waitress choked as she greedily drank mouthfuls. Samantha finished pissing.

"Now suck me clean!" Samantha shouted.

The waitress dove in and sucked deeply on Samantha's clit.

"What the fuck is going on in here?!" The manager shouted. His dick popped up in his brown dress pants. He had a shallow beard. His stomach was a bit big and he was wearing a yellow button up shirt and tie.

"Come over here and I'll show you." Samantha said seductively.

The manager carefully and greedily walked forward, closing the door behind him.

"Kiss my hand." She stuck out her hand and he kissed it gently. His greedy and lustful face instantly changed into that of a hungry beast. "Stop!" She said right before he pounced at her. "Lift up this poor waitresses skirt and fuck her hard while she eats me out."

The fat manager threw down his pants and underwear. He had a large 8 inch penis. He lifted up the poor girls skirt and inserted himself into her soaking wet pussy. He rocked her hips back and forth onto him. He let out a deep sigh with every thrust.

Samantha needed more. "Stick your finger up my ass!" She moaned longingly as a shiver ran down her spine.

The waitress trembled as she inserted her finger up Samantha's ass. Samantha suddenly started shaking wildly as she squirted all over the poor girl; her hair became soaking wet. The fat manager thrust one final time and came hard filling the poor girl. He suddenly collapsed with his big limp dick. The waitress still needed more and Samantha was going to give it to her.

"Lay down over their!" She shouted pointing to the wall opposite her. The girl walked over to the wall and laid down, her body stretched to the toilet Samantha was sitting on. Samantha got up, walked over to the girls opening and slowly inserted two fingers into the loose vagina. She then added two more. She inserted her four fingers in again and cupped them allowing her knuckles room. She began fisting the poor waitress slowly. The waitress's orgasm built quickly. Electricity coursed through her body. She began shaking violently. Samantha increased her rhythm. The girl's pussy became insanely wet. Suddenly her back arched and she came hard. Her body erupted into an intense seizure and she fainted.

"I collected my clothing and just left."

"And then what happened next?"

"Well, the police finally caught up to me, my parents were called, and this is where I am now, mandatory therapy."

"You sound disappointed, did you want to continue your sexual adventure."

"Well, yes, I'd fuck almost anyone now. I still love food, and music, and I won't take shit from anyone, but I want some dick and pussy to light my fire."

"And do you want me to light your fire."

"Oh, Baby won't you light my fire..." She said before sighing sarcastically.

The therapist stood up and dropped his pants. His 9 inch dick just hung there. Samantha was speechless. She stared at it dumbfounded as her pussy got wet.

To Be Continued...

My Boner is back! And I'm finally uploading all of the chapters I have of this series. My writing and style have improved drastically from chapter 2 of the (now Un-yet released) fourth installment: "My Boner Against the World" I hope you get to see what happens next, as things get a little less sexual and a lot more awesome!