 My Pussy Controls You – Part 5 (Finale)

John, Theodore and Samantha Logan have trained, fought and have even had sex, to prepare for a battle that will change the world forever. The war is between Sarco the Snake Man and his army of sexual super power freaks Vs. John, Theodore and Samantha Logan, with the help of a top secret government organisation, lead by Captain Gordon Chase and his army of secret agents, military forces and especially agent Elizabeth Michaels. But before this war will take place our heroes must say goodbye to their loved ones. 

Theodore dropped John and Samantha off in Small Town before heading back to Los Angeles to see his girlfriend Sara, all while in a time vortex fitting all of their journeys into a day. Theodore walked up the steps to his school. Birds stared at him frozen in the sky. Theodore still hadn't become used to the perfect silence of being alone in a time vortex. He was alone with his steps. He opened the doors to Freemont High and walked in. He was met with a frozen crowd of high school kids on their ways out for the day. He saw Sara deep in the mess of students. He walked up to her, passing frozen students. Her face seemed sad and lost. He grabbed her hand gently, closed his eyes and pulled her into the time vortex. Suddenly he felt lips pressed against his.

"I thought you were dead." Sara said as she pulled away.

"I told you I'd come back didn't I?"

"I waited! Days went by and I heard nothing from you!"

"I'm sorry Sara."

Her Lip quivered as she stared up into his blue eyes. 

"There is one more thing..." As Theodore explained his joining of the war, to protect his siblings and the world, her face became expressionless, no happiness and no sadness could be seen, just a cold emptiness.

"Theo baby, I think this is goodbye."

"Sara... I love you!"

"You don't love me if you go."

"I'm coming back Sara!"

Sara sat down on the floor in the middle of a crowd of people. She spread her legs and lifted her plaid school girl skirt. "You might die, and even if you don't this is the last time you get to fuck me." 

She pulled her panties down her legs and threw them on a jocks head. Theodore chuckled at her actions before he swallowed hard, holding back tears and words he wish he had. Theodore started pulling off his clothes slowly, until he stood naked before the petit, blonde school girl at his mercy. He knelt down and pushed his semi-hard dick into her pussy. He got harder inside her and she got wetter with him there. He pushed her body down as he groped her large breasts. Their thighs slapped together as he pounded her on the dirty high school floor. 

"Faster." She said with little emotion and breathlessly moaning.

Theodore fought back against his welling tears. Sara suddenly pushed Theodore off of her. Theodore sat back as she took his whole cock into her mouth. She suppressed her gag reflex perfectly as he thrust down her throat. Theodore gasped deeply as he let go. Cum shot into her mouth. She swallowed every drop, as tears ran down her rosy cheeks. She pulled away allowing his soft cock to fall free. 

Theodore grabbed her by the hips as he kissed her cheek. He suddenly stuck his middle finger up her pussy, simultaneously massaging her clit with his thumb. She gasped loudly as her body quivered slightly. He brought his head to her chest and began sucking on her big tits. She began moaning, her sadness faded as she suddenly orgasm'd. Her juices ran down her wobbling legs. Suddenly Theodore disappeared into a time vortex, vanishing before her eyes. She dropped to the ground walloping in her sadness as the world around her became alive again. 

***

"Samantha was it?" John's mother squeaked with excitement. "It's so nice to meet one John's siblings!"

"Mom, take it easy. She loves food by the way."

"Great I just made a giant stack of Flap jacks!"

"Ha." John chuckled to himself at the word, flapjack.

"Do you guys have real maple syrup?" Asked Samantha, her warm and ecstatic smile taking over her face. 

"Nothings more real than aunt Jemima's maple syrup brand."

Samantha cringed at hearing of aunt Jemima's maple syrup brand, but she quickly and politely replaced it with a blank expression. 

They were quickly sitting down at the table munching away on huge stacks of fluffy pancakes, each drowned in butter and copious amounts average store brand maple syrup. 

"Hey Sam? Did you know one time me and my mom had sex?"

Samantha chocked down her food as her cheeks became ass slapping red. 

"Pardon?" She said trying not to show her shock.

"Ya, me and my girlfriend fucked her. Then one day my step dad came home and saw her giving me head and kicked me out of the house."

"...That was the final straw for me! I left a few days later and using my savings from a series of erotic novels I wrote in secret, I bought this place. It's just a cosy little mansion at the edge of town. Speaking of which, John, could you fuck me right now, it is a special occasion and all."

"Ya sure." John said as he stood up, throwing his pants and underwear to the ground and then stepping out of them.

"Um, should I..." Samantha suddenly stopped talking as John inserted himself into his mother's soaking vagina.

Alexandra moaned wildly as her son boned her hard against the chair. Samantha watched intently, her pussy getting wetter and wetter. John pulled his mom's dress over her head and threw it on the floor. She was completely naked. Her tits bounced up and down with every thrust. Samantha's hand slid into her jeans to her wet pussy. 

"Hey! You started the party without me?!"

"Melody!!!" John exclaimed before putting his attention back to his mother.

"Hi, I'm John's girlfriend, Melody." She said casually to Samantha. "You must be John's sister; it's nice to meet you."

"Like wise..." Samantha stuttered, feeling embarrassed and confused about the situation.

"Hey why don't we head up stairs, and get better acquainted?"

"Sure." Samantha pulled her hand from her jeans and followed Melody up stairs.

John continued to nail his mom in the chair at the table. Alexandra threw her head back in ecstasy; the chair suddenly fell back with a crash.

"Oh, My! Dear you really did miss me after all!" She exclaimed.

John slid her across the slippery ceramic floor, until they hit the cupboards. She sat up and spread her legs. He was sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy at light speed. Her hips rattled and shook against the drawers. 

"Oh! My!" She screamed as her body began to shake, orgasming intensely.

Back upstairs...

As soon as Samantha walked into the room, Melody threw the door shut. Without saying anything Melody and Samantha embraced, kissing deeply. Their tongues swirled and danced. Melody pulled away.

"I like fucking hot girls! Especially when they're my boyfriend's sister."

"I like fucking too."

"Oh, wow! We have so much in common!" Melody said as she threw Samantha onto the bed.

They tore each other's clothing off as they kissed wildly. Melody moaned with lust. Suddenly the door burst open. 

"I hope you don't mind I invited a few friends." Said Melody before returning to her meal.

Jane and Missy walked in, pulling off their cloths before joining the two naked girls on the bed.

"They're just here for another lesson; it's just me and you today." Melody continued.

Melody forced two fingers into Samantha's wet pussy as she forced her body down with her other hand. Jane and Missy both sat on their knees, rubbing their pussy's gently as they watched their master work. Melody's tongue danced ferociously on Samantha's swollen clit.

"AHhhhhh!!!" Samantha screamed as she squirted hard. 

Melody pulled away shaking her head and hair, pussy juices sprayed off of her. Jane and Missy squealed as they were covered too. Samantha, in a daze grabbed Melody and threw her down. She suddenly thrust her four fingers inside Melody, then slowly and carefully contorted her hand into a fist and started twisting and thrusting wildly. Melody screamed as mini orgasms rattled through her body. Her B-cup breasts gyrated with her body. It took only seconds as she too showered Samantha with cum.

Both girls laid on the bed exhausted, lying across from each other on the large bed. Before either could react Jane and Missy were giving the girls head. Sucking and licking and moaning intensely. She savoured the bittersweet taste with lust. Jane suddenly jammed her thumb up Melody's ass causing her to grunt loudly. Missy followed Jane's lead and plunged her thumb up Samantha's. The two girls cried out as their bodies reached another orgasm. Jane and Missy jumped to the side as they started rubbing the sensitive and swollen clits as fast as they could. Pussy juices showered out. Melody and Samantha screamed as they were covered with each other's warm cum. The door swung open again.

"Did I miss it?!" Asked John with his hard cock in his hand.

"Not... At... All..." Melody said catching her breath. "...I can still go on." Melody said before passing out from exhaustion. 

Jane and Missy looked at each other. "We'll help you out!" They said together.

Missy climbed off of the bed and stuck her ass out for John, holding herself up with her arms on the bed. John walked behind her and pressed the head of his dick into her super tight lesbian pussy. He suddenly pushed it in all the way. Her firm walls slowly expanded. She sighed deeply as her first penis entered her. Jane brought her wet pussy up to Missy's opened and moaning mouth. Missy stuck her tongue between Jane's wet pussy lips. Her body was pushed forward with every thrust John made, forcing her tongue deeper into Jane's hot vagina.

They all moaned loudly together. Samantha and Melody suddenly woke up and watched. John felt himself reaching his limit for the second time that day. He pulled out of her as she suddenly squirted on his legs. He ran up to Melody and shot his load all over her B-cup tits.

"I like my life." John said casually as he caught his breath. Everyone burst into laughter at his remark. 

"Ahhhhhh!!!" They all stopped laughing hearing the blood curdling scream from Alexandra. John dashed out of the room naked. He flew down the stairs, landing with a crash. He ran into the kitchen to find his mom being struck to the ground by none other than Jenkins.

"John! It's been a while how have you been?!" Jenkins asked enthusiastically, his painful wheeze only worsened with time.

"I've been better, you?!" John was serious, ready to kill his old friend.

"...A shame, really is... I've been pretty good myself. I've joined up with a group of freaks like you, lead by a man named Sarco, you know him?"

Alexandra whined into a cry, naked and bruised on the floor.

"Jenkins, I'm sorry I embarrassed you and fucked your girlfriend/teacher, but you've crossed the line and now I've got to kick your ass!"

John ran at Jenkins.

"Kick my ass?!"

Suddenly John was sent flying back into the wall, plaster crumbled down as he fell to the floor, leaving a giant hole in the wall. 

"What the fuck?!" 

John looked up at Jenkins, a humongous 5 foot dick swung from his body like a snake. It suddenly shot out of his body increasing in length. It smacked John in the chest hard, forcing him into the wall. John was knocked unconscious as he fell to the floor. He heard his mother scream as she was struck again. He faded in and out of consciousness, hearing the screams of the girls up stairs. He couldn't do anything to help them, only hope.

John awoke a few hours later, lying on the couch, his mom had an ice pack to his head, and he was covered in bandages. He looked around the room, everyone was crying.

"John! I'm sorry!!" Samantha began crying too. "He took her, he took Melody! There was nothing I could do!"

John felt his heart beat stop, timed slowed as those words crawled through his ears. A tear ran down his face. He suddenly stood up, still naked, pushing his mom away. "Call the Captain; we're going to war a little early!"

To Be Continued.

The Logan's will return in: My Boner Against the World