 Hey Readers. This is a new story that's a passion project for me. It's a fantasy and it's going to be at least 15 chapters long. 

If you are following my other story and is wondering when the next chapter will be released fret not. I am currently working on A Love that was Meant to Be Ch. 3! Coming soon! 

I re-read my stories twice before uploading. Seeing that I do this causally I'm not really concerned about grammar errors. So if you see one please try to ignore it. 

Again this is a new story and it's fantasy involving supernatural creatures (i.e. vampires elves etc.). No animals. No one is under 18 in this story. 

Thank you for reading hope you enjoy. 

*************** 

My Roommates are Monsters 

Chapter 1: My New Roommate... 

Benjamin Parker. Age 26. American citizen. Date of birth 11/18/92. 

This is a Department of Supernatural Affairs or D.O.S.A. journal. Subject has agreed to tell detailed accounts of the last 13 months of his life. Each and every entry in this journal is accurate and true. 

He hereby agrees that this journal can and will be used by the D.O.S.A. for future studies and reference. 

His story begins here: 

It was the day after Christmas. It was frighteningly cold and there was still a foot of snow on the ground. At one house, in a pretty quiet neighborhood, a guy was waking up from a less than great holiday. 

Benjamin Parker woke up in his old king sized bed. He turned over in his bed and looked up at the ceiling. Yesterday had been tough just like last year. The house was quiet and there were no decorations up. Ash always put up the decorations and almost always got us in the mood for Christmas. 

Ben met Ashlyn Moon in high school. She was this extremely cute short Asian girl. She was pretty and smart and new to the area. They started dating and stayed together all the way thru high school. Ben proposed to her on their graduation day. The two of them both attended the same college and moved in together. They were completely in love with each other, rarely ever being apart. Ben was infatuated with Ash. She was the light of his life. He traveled with her and took her all over the place. 

Soon after graduation Ash became ill. She was sick for a long time and spent a good amount of time in the hospital. Benjamin never left her side. Eventually Ash couldn't beat her sickness and she passed away. 

That was two years ago. Ben's first year without Ash was rough. He struggled to adjust to life without her. There were many times he would wake up or come home looking for her, only to find himself alone. After the first year it got better. He had finally adjusted to life without her. 

Then he had a different problem. Ash's money she left him was mostly gone and he couldn't afford the house they had gotten together. Ash had the bigger job and he mostly did work from home. Now he had a dilemma, he needed a roommate. 

Ben wasn't sure if he was ready for someone else to live with him again but he didn't have much choice. He didn't want to move out of this home. So he put out a ad about 7 months ago. He had gotten a few replies right away, he was in a good neighborhood, but most of them he felt wasn't right. He got one or two a month all the way up till a couple months ago. 

It was Friday morning now. Ben was still lying in bed looking up at the ceiling. He didn't really want to get up today. There were lots of days were he just sat in bed all day watching tv or movies. With a mini fridge in the room, he had no reason to leave the bed other than to go to the bathroom. He ready to do that again today. 

Before he begin preparing to do that he heard his doorbell ring. He huffed and got out of his bed. Ben walked out of his room down the hall to the front door. 

When he opened it, letting that brisk morning air in, there was no one there. Ben looked around searching for someone who might be nearby. No one. Then he looked down and saw an envelope on his doormat. He retrieved it and walked back inside. 

He walked back to his room and sat on the bed. The envelope had his name on it in some long cursive handwriting. He opened it and found a letter inside. 

"Dear Ben, I am Flori Sânge." 

"What a weird name." I thought. Then I continued. 

"I am writing to inform you that I am interested in potentially becoming a roommate in your home. I have my own job, no spouse or kids, and no pets. I require no assisted living. I am 29 female. I'm interested because I am new to the area and need a place close to my work. I would be elated if you could call me back so we can talk further. Many thanks, Flori." 

Ben sat there as he read the letter two more times. He was completely flabbergasted. Why did she write a letter? He knew people still do it but it just seemed so old fashioned. Her letter was also so polite and from her writing she seemed to be of some class. Maybe too much class. Still, there was something that interested Ben about all of it. Something made him curious enough to call her. 

He looked in the envelope and found a pic and a card. The card had her name and her number. The picture was of her he was assuming. It was a headshot and it all but made him want to meet her more. From the dark eyes to the bright silver hair. Her look seemed like she was peering right into his soul. She exuded power. Something he never felt from anyone ever before. Ben decided. He would call her. 

He reached over and picked up his phone from the nightstand. He dialed the number on card and listened to the ring. Then the call connected. 

"Hello." The voice on the other end said. 

"Hey is this Floree Sange?" Ben asked. 

"Yes." She replied. 

"This is Benjamin Parker. I got your...mail...today about possibly wanting to be my roommate." He explained. 

"Ahhh. Ben. I'm glad to hear from you. I take it you are interested in my proposition. I am very interested in meeting you and seeing the house." Flori announced. 

She had husky powerful voice (like Scarlett Johansson) that sounded like she knew more than she let on. She was being sweet and respectful but it also seemed like she was giving a command. 

"Yes I am actually interested in you potentially becoming a roommate. If you want, we can meet up tomorrow over coffee and see if we would be a good fit." 

"Hmm. I don't think so." She said bluntly. 

"I'm sorry? You don't want to meet?" Ben asked confused. 

"Oh no I do. We will meet tonight at 8:35pm at Taylor's. Don't be late." She commanded. 

It wasn't a request. She was demanding him to be there. Ben usually would deny such things or defend his ground but something happened to him. He became overwhelmed with a need to obey her. Something compelled him to obey her wish. 

"8:35pm. Taylor's. Yes ma'am." Ben said. 

"Good. I'll see you then. Bye." Then she hung up. 

Ben put the phone on the dresser and stared into space for a minute. He shook his head. 

"What just happened? He thought. "Why did I agree to meet her tonight? What was I thinking?" 

He wanted to call her back and reschedule maybe. He was just about to but became so nervous of what she would think if he did. Ben groaned. He would just have to meet her tonight. Unfortunately his planned day of staying in his room being a slouch was over. 

It was now 7:15pm and Ben begin getting ready for his dinner meet with Flori. He showered and got dressed. He wore a button down plaid red and green shirt with jeans and red shoes. 

Ben stepped out of his house into the chilly night air. He had a very strong weird feeling like maybe he should go back inside and forget this day happened but it passed as quickly as it came. He stepped into his Jeep and drove to Taylor's. 

Taylor's was actually a very fancy restaurant. Usually used for very romantic dates and things of that nature. It was quite pricey too. Ben hoped that Flori wasn't planning on something more along the lines of a date because he didn't know if he could afford it. 

He arrived at Taylor's and found a place to park. It was of course busy for a Friday night. The parking lot was packed and and so was the restaurant. Groups of friends and couples we're coming in and out steadily. 

Ben approached the host. 

"Hi. I'm Benjamin Parker. I'd like a table for two please." Ben asked. 

The host picked up a menu and usher me inside. "Actually sir your date is already waiting for you. If you would follow me." 

"Oh okay." He said and followed suit. 

The usher lead Ben thru the restaurant towards the back near the kitchen. In the distance he could see the back of a head sitting at the chef's table. The hair was silver and seemed to glow a little. 

Arriving to the table seemed like it was happening in slow motion. Ben could feel himself starting to perspire. The usher reached the table and motioned for him to come forward. She acknowledged the person at the table. 

"Your person has arrived Ms. Flori. Your drinks will arrive shortly." She said. 

"Thank you Sasha." The voice from the phone said. She stood up. 

Ben had seen plenty of beautiful women in his time. The area he lived in was full of them. Ash was beautiful and he still had a hard time understanding why and how he managed to land a girl like that. The woman standing in front of him now was remarkably gorgeous. 

She seemed to be in her late 20s but somehow she secreted age and wisdom. Like he noticed before she had silver hair that seem to shine even under this did light. It was in a collarbone skimming bob style. Her eyes were dark, maybe black, from what he can tell. She had full plump lips and a strong jawline. She had a slim body with some curve and her skin was pale. Very pale. She wore a bright red cocktail dress that hugged her body. It hung from her shoulders and had a very revealing V neck. Completing the outfit with red pumps, Ben couldn't help but stare. 

Flori just smiled. She knew what his reaction would be. It was everyone's reaction when they saw her. She had that power over them. 

"Hello Ben. It's nice to meet you in person." 

"Hey-hello. Nice to meet you too Flori." Ben responded barely. 

They both sat down. 

"I got you a water with lemon. I hope that is sufficient." Flori said through a smile. 

"Wow what a smile. She's so perfect." Ben thought. 

"Yes a water is fine. Thank you." He answered. He finally took a minute to look around. "This is a nice restaurant. I've always wanted to eat here." 

"Why haven't you?" She questioned. 

"Never had the occasion I guess." Ben hoped she didn't press more. 

She did. 

"You've never had a lover or romantic acquaintance?" Flori asked. 

Ben thought for a moment. Did he want to tell her about Ash? He wasn't trying to hide it but he didn't want to bum her out either. Eventually he decided it was better to tell her. Plus it would segue into talking about the house. 

"Yes I did have a one. A wife until a couple of years ago. We met in high school. She passed away." Ben said sadly. 

Flori saw the sadness in Ben's eyes. "Oh I'm so sorry I didn't mean to force you to bring that up." 

"It's alright." He smiled weakly. "I'd rather be upfront with you about it. It's the reason why I need you. I can't afford the rent on my own anymore." 

"Ahh I see. I understand. That is an unfortunate situation. " She paused. "I would like to be considered to be your tenant." 

Ben looked at Flori. There was something he couldn't figure out. 

"Why do you want to to be a roommate? You don't seem to need it." He gestured to her outfit. "and this is a expensive restaurant and we are sitting at the chef's table." 

Flori nodded. "You are correct. I don't need to rent out a room. I am financially secure. We are in this restaurant because I know the chef. He is a personal friend of mine." 

She stopped because the waiter came over and placed their drinks on the table. Once the waiter left she continued. 

"I have to admit I used the internet to look up your house. I see that it has a basement. If you allow me to check out the house I would like to look there also." Flori said. 

Ben was confused. "My basement. Why do you want to stay down there? I don't know if you could there's a bunch of junk down there." 

"I just prefer a space like that. Also you get keep the house to yourself. I won't be in your way." She replied. 

"Well... I don't know... I guess we can discuss it further when you come see the house." 

"Ah! So you want me to be a roommate?" Flori said excitedly. 

"I have to admit. You are not what I would have expected but I think you could be a good roommate. So let's see." 

"Excellent! I can come to your house tomorrow and we can chat further." She declared. 

Huh? "Whoa tomorrow?" Ben hesitated. " I don't know-" 

"I will come tomorrow and you will give me a tour." Flori said in a commanding sinister voice. 

For the second time, Ben suddenly felt compelled to obey. As much as he tried to protest her at first that all went away in an instant. He wanted to please her, to do what she wanted. 

"Okay. You can come over tomorrow and I'll show you around the house." Ben muttered. 

"Good boy." 

Ben didn't remember the rest of the date or even how he got home that night. After they (she) decided to come over Saturday he couldn't recall anything more. 

He woke up on his couch the next afternoon still in his clothes from the date. He felt groggy and confused. 

"Wha-what?" Ben murmured. 

He say up on the couch and looked around. Why couldn't he remember how the night has ended. What happened to Flori? How did he get home? Why did he pass out here? 

Interrupting his thoughts was the phone ringing. It was on the table in front of him. It was Flori. 

"Hey Flori. How are you?" Ben said still collecting his thoughts. 

"Hello Benjamin. I am good. You? Did you enjoy last night?" Flori said happily. 

"Last night? What do you mean?" Ben said and held his breath. 

"Our dinner of course. Did you enjoy it?" She responded. 

Ben not sure if he remembers eating dinner nods then speaks. "I mean yeah it was great." 

Flori didn't respond for a minute. Ben wasn't sure she was still there. 

"Hello?" 

"Yes Ben. So I am coming over tonight to look at the house. Will you be ready?" 

Although caught totally off guard he did remember that from the night before. Also once again it sounded like she was giving a command not asking. 

"Uhh yeah. Yes. I'll have the house nice and cleaned up for you. When exactly are you coming?" Ben uttered. 

"Oh Ben, soon. I'll be cumming soon." Flori said softly. 

Ben coughed. "What?!" 

"Soon. I'll be there soon. At dusk. See you then." Then a click and she was gone. 

Had he heard that right? Probably not. Ben scratched his head and raised from the couch. He looked around the house he had plenty of cleaning to do. Just from the main part the house alone not to mention the basement. 

Why did she want to live in the basement? It was weird and Ben couldn't figure out what to do about it. If anyone else said something like that he'd tell them no right away but he didn't with her. Ben couldn't. Ben... wouldn't. 

He put it out of my head. Ben needed to get the house clean for Flori. It was already close to 2 and it would take all the way up till she arrived for him to finished. 

"Better start with the basement." Ben thought. It had the most junk. 

Ben finished mopping the kitchen. He put the Swiffer in the closet next to the room. He went over to the sink and washed his hands before making himself a glass of water. The house was ready for Flori and he was tired. The basement took the most time. It wasn't nightmarishly junky but there was boxes and junk left there since Ash and him had moved in. And plenty of dust. 

He finished his glass and placed it in the sink. 

"Time to shower. I better hurry before Flori arrives." Ben deliberated. 

He went to his room and got undressed. Naked, he walked into the bathroom and started the shower. Before stepping in he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. 

Benjamin smiled. He usually wasn't one to brag but he considered himself to be an attractive good looking guy. 

He was mixed. African American and Native American. His father was black and the one who stuck around most of his childhood. His mom was Native American and although he never met her in real life he had seen pictures of her. She was gorgeous. Ben's father used to call her "My Pocahontas". Ben agreed but still hated the woman for leaving him. Soon after high school Ben moved halfway across the country with Ash. He didn't want to have anything to do with his family. 

Ben examined his face a bit closer. His hair was black or possibly very dark brown. He could never tell. He had chocolate brown eyes and full plump lips with dimples. His jaw was kinda slender but it worked with his face. 

The body underneath was spectacular too. He was very active most of his life. Playing soccer and a little track and field kept his body tight. All that running gave him a tall slender frame that was all muscle underneath that topaz brown skin. He had a long reach and could probably outrun most people. 

Ben looked down at his member. He was very aware of the stereotype for guy his size and race. Thankfully it was true for him. His penis hung between his legs at about 7 inches soft. When fully erect it was a little over 9 1/2 inches. That added with it being 2 inches thick, most would say it's a monster. Ash certainly thought so. She could barely take him yet she did with some discomfort at times. They only tried anal once. Once. Ash said her back door was off limits after that. 

After he was done admiring himself he stepped into the shower and washed off all the dust and dirt he accumulated the entire day of cleaning. It was close to the end of his shower when he heard what he didn't want to hear still under the water. The doorbell. Ben hoped that he was just hearing things. Then it rang again. 

Scrambling, he jumped out of the shower, wrapped a towel around his waist, and hurried out the door. 

Flori Sânge arrived at his door as soon as she said she would. It was just after dusk and she was stepping up to Benjamin Parker's house. She was already getting excited at the thought of being in his home. She'd never met someone like him before. He was special and she knew it. She considered herself lucky as she rang the doorbell. 

No one answered. Flori was positive she had the right house. She took a minute and listened for sounds inside the house. He was showering. She rang the doorbell. There was a pause. She laughed as she heard him turning off the shower and scurrying to come answer the door. She could smell him as she heard the lock turning. 

Flori was aware of how attractive Ben was but seeing him in person in nothing but a towel really got her excited. He looked delicious. He was still wet from the shower and it was dripping down his body. 

"Hello Benjamin." She smiled slyly. 

"Hey Flori. Sorry about this." He motioned his body. "I just finished cleaning up and I was cleaning my body." 

"Benjamin that is totally fine. I can wait while you get ready." 

"Thanks." Ben says. He moves out of the way for her to come in. 

Flori stayed where she was. She just stood and stared at Ben. 

"Do you want to wait in the living room?" 

"Are you asking me inside?" She asks. 

"Uhh yeah. Please come in." Ben responds. 

That was all the invitation she needed. Flori stepped inside. Her stilettos clattering on the wood floor. She wore this outfit specifically tonight. She had a dark red off shoulder blouse that stopped at her midriff exposing her tummy. The blouse made her breasts look amazing. They weren't big, b cup, but she made them look desirable. On her lower half she wore skin tight black jeans. She knew the outfit was working with the way Ben stared at her as she walked through the house. 
