 Chapter 2: A Donation of Blood

"Sorry Benjamin. I need your blood!" Flori Sânge declared. 

Flori lowered her open mouth towards Ben's neck. She could no longer control herself. She needed his blood. It smelled sweet and potent. From the minute she passed by him in a mall, to her first official meeting with him, till now her only mindset has been sucking Benjamin Parker's blood. 

Ben was absolutely horrified. Ben wanted to scream. He wanted to get up and run but Flori had him pinned. He used all his strength but she didn't budge at all. She clearly had superior strength. Ben was completely at her will. 

"What the fuck?!" Ben finally screamed. 

Flori just smiled evilly at him. "Don't fucking struggle. You'll just annoy me quickly." 

Ben seeing no way to get out of the situation figured he only had one option left. 

"Please... Please don't..." He begged. Tears were beginning to form in the corners of his eyes. He begin to feel cheated and angry. Life had given him an amazing wife and then taken her away. Now this. He was finally letting someone in and she turned out to be a monster. His anger forced him to speak stupidly. 

"This isn't fucking happening! I can't believe it!" He said with rage. 

"Believe it. Cause it is." Flori said coldly. She was an inch away from his throat. The smell of his blood was filling her nostrils. 

Ben wasn't giving up. "No...no... STOP!" 

She stopped. Her fangs were just touching his skin. She eyes widened as she struggled to move forward.

Ben noticed that she stopped. He was confused, for sure he was about to meet his maker. He closed his eyes and waited for the inevitable end. 

And waited. 

And waited some more. 

Ben slowly opened his eyes again. Flori face was still around under his left ear. He could feel her breasts pressed against his chest. His cock was still deep in her as well. 

Despite all of that, she wasn't moving at all. He tried to move and get up but she still had a strong and good grip on him. 

"Get off me!" He shrieked. 

Flori immediately raised her head and moved her body off of Ben. She sat on her knees next to him on the bed. She didn't move. She sat there with a confused irritated expression on her face. 

Ben sat up and scooted himself towards the head of the bed quickly. He was breathing heavily and sweating profusely. 

Something was different though. Flori listened when he told her to stop and get off. 

"What is going on?? What is she? I was sure I was about to die. Then she stopped. Why? Why did she listen to me?" Ben thought hard. 

He looked back over at Flori. She sat there staring at him. Ben frowned. He was upset. He let her in and she did this. He had to know why. 

"W-why?..." He asked hesitantly. 

"Why what?" She spoke. Her expression didn't change. 

"Why are you trying to kill me?" Ben asked. 

"I'm not." 

"Then what the hell was that? And what are you?" Ben said angrily. 

"I was attempting to drink your blood. I need it to survive. I'm a vampire." Flori said plainly. 

Ben had heard some weird things before but this took the cake. If this had of been any random person he would have called them crazy but he saw her. He was looking at her now. Her eyes were still red and her fangs were clearly there. Still...

"You're a vampire? Really? Suck your blood, out at night, vampire?" Ben questioned. 

"Yes. I'm a 333 year old vampire. I was born in 1686 as a pure blood vampire. The movies and TV shows you know have gotten some of it right." 

Ben thought for a moment.

"Why are you telling me this? Why did you get off when I asked?" 

"I... don't know. I feel compelled to..." Flori stopped. "It was when you orgasmed. You blacked out but a blinding light emitted from you as you came." 

Ben was embarrassed. "No. I don't remember that. Even if I did "light" up what does that mean? Why?" 

"If I were to guess I'd say it was some very powerful ancient magic. A reverse command protection spell. Whoever did it made sure it activated when you orgasmed with a supernatural creature. You are protected from creatures like me. Anything not human I suppose." Flori explained. 

Ben was thrown. A lot of information was being dumped on him at once. Vampires were real. Magic. It was a lot of process. 

"Wait? What magic?! Magic is real? How? Oh my god. What is happening to my life?" Ben said. 

"Calm down. I will explain. Yes the stories you hear about, the creatures of the night, are real. Magic is real. It's been real for a very long time. I was born here in America. I watched it's inception. Watched it become the country it is today." 

Ben slouched on the bed. 

"Holy shit! I can't believe this." Ben thought. "Everything has changed now. How do I handle this? What do I do?" 

Ben had a different problem now. Flori. She was a vampire and wanted his blood. What was he supposed to do about this? 

"So you're a vampire... You were gonna drain me of blood an-" 

"No." Flori interrupted. "I was not going to drain you. I just need a fresh supply of blood. I would take some periodically over time. Keep you alive. Make you forget it." 

"Oh great." Ben said sarcastically. "Just sip on me over time. Terrific... so what should I do?" 

"I know it sounds harsh but I would never kill you. You blood is special."

"You really aren't helping your case here." Ben said. He thought for a minute. "Can you die?" 

Flori looked at him plainly. "Yes. Sunlight over time. Silver. Destroying my brain." 

Ben winced. "And you have to do what I say? No matter what?" 

"It would appear so. This magic is very powerful." Flori responded. 

Ben rubbed his temples. What should he do? She definitely was gonna drink from him and use him for as long as she could. Maybe she was lying though. Maybe she was gonna kill him. Could he? Could he really command her to die? He didn't he had it in him. 

He could make her leave. Pack up all her stuff and never come back. There was no guarantee the magic would work long term. 

Ben sighed "Shit." 

"I order you to... Be my roommate." Ben said confidently. 

Flori looked at him bewildered. Of all the things she anticipated, this wasn't one of them. What was he thinking? Why? It didn't matter though because she had to obey him. 

"Okay... I will... but why?" 

"I'm not entirely sure this is the right call. I do know this magic thing works with me talking directly to you." Ben explained. "I won't kill you. Regardless of if it's a wise decision or not I can't murder someone. But I also can't let you go out there and do it to someone else. So I guess... I'll have to keep an eye on you." 

Flori was still shocked. "You are going to let me stay here. I just tried to drink from you. I still might." 

Ben laughed. "Yeah it's crazy but you were supposed to be my roommate anyway right? Guess you can be now. I'm gonna watch over you." 

Flori was growing angry. She was also still hungry. "Fine. What about blood. I need to drink or I'll die. Can I go drink from others?" 

"No." Ben said immediately. "You aren't going to be doing that to people without consent anymore." He paused. "I have a proposition." 

Flori was curious. "And what is that?" 

"I'll let you drink from me from time to time and stay here if you promise to behave. Be my roommate and do like you said you would before revealing yourself and I'll let you out of my "magic" I guess." Ben proposed. 

Flori couldn't believe her ears. Twenty minutes ago she was going to drink from him and make him forget she was a monster, now here he was asking her to live with him. 

"How do you know I won't immediately attack you as soon as the spell is over?" 

"I guess I'm just gonna have to trust you. You can move freely now." Ben commanded. 

Flori could indeed move about freely but she didn't move. She couldn't believe he had done this. Who was this guy? Maybe he was more special than she realized. 

Ben waited with nervous anticipation of what Flori would do. She had complete power to end him right there. She could no doubt move fast enough to cover his mouth. He expected to her to jump at him any minute. 

All of a sudden she lunged at him. Damn! He knew it was a dumb idea and now he was gonna pay for it. He had not time to say stop so he closed his eyes and waited for the end. 

Ben felt something soft and cold against his lips. He opened his eyes and Flori was kissing him. Confused for a second then realizing what it meant he kissed her back. She was on top of him again except this time she really wanted him. Her body laid against his as they passionately kissed one another. 

Ben brought his arms around her and cupped her ass. Ben finally noticed how cold Flori always felt. He didn't care though and he plunged his tongue deep into her mouth. 

His mind was going crazy. Yes he was still highly attracted to her despite the reveal that she wasn't exactly human. He had no explanation as to why he was so okay with this. In fact, somehow Ben seemed even more turned on than before. He was having sex with a vampire! 

Flori noticed his excitement of the situation and smiled. She slid off him gracefully and now they were laying on their sides facing each other. Their bodies we're still pressed together. Ben's big cock was sliding and rubbing down Flori fat pussy. He moaned. He was ready to be deep inside her again. 

Flori stopped kissing and stared at him while she grabbed his cock and slowly inserted it inside her. Ben moaned louder this time. He pushed himself all the way inside her. He was about to pull out and repeat the process when Flori stopped him. 

"Wait... I... can I..." Was all she managed to say. 

Ben was confused. What did she want? "Tell me. What is it?" 

Flori obeyed. "I need blood. I wanted to drink from you. Just a little. I won't drain you. I promise. I just need it please..." 

Ben smiled. "Sure. You can have some. Will it hurt?"

"It will be a little uncomfortable the first time but there is a certain pleasure to it." 

Ben was curious. "Okay. You want to do it now?" 

Flori blushed. "While you are... fucking me..." 

Ben was shocked. "Oh wow. Okay." 

Ben laid his head on the pillow and exposed his neck to her. She moved in closer and for the second time with him prepared to bite into him. 

"I'm going to bite now." Flori said softly. 

Ben nodded. He felt a very quick sharp pain in his neck. The pain was replaced by an odd feeling in his neck. He could feel Flori's fangs in him. She was right it was indeed uncomfortable but not unbearable. 

His next feeling came as sort of a shock. Pleasure. It came in slowly but eventually his entire body felt a soothing pleasure. Ben had felt nothing like it before in his life. He was somehow warm and cold at the same time. It sent chills down his spine how much he enjoyed it. He didn't even noticed that he began stroking in and out of Flori. 

Flori was in heaven! She had never taste blood like this before. It was like taking the very first sip of of cold fresh lemonade on a hot summer day. She was immediately addicted to it and didn't know how someone's blood could be this delicious. Flori felt Ben start pumping into her again. He was going slow but hard. When only the head of his cock remained inside of her he would quickly thrust back in. She was in complete bliss. 

Ben began pumping up the pace. He was steadily fucking her pussy now and could feel Flori still sucking on him. He was concerned that he might faint or pass out from losing blood but somehow he felt fine. With his hands wrapped around her waist he thrusted as hard as he could. 

"Oh god... This feels so good. Oh yeah..." Ben breathed hard. 

"Mmmmm..." Flori hummed. 

Between Flori's suckling noises and the sloshing of Ben's cock going in and out of her, his climax was rising quickly. He didn't want it to end yet. He stopped pumping into her and grabbed both sides of her waist. He pulled her up and put her on top of himself. 

Flori didn't remove her fangs from his neck the entire time. She knew he hadn't come yet and figured he just wanted to change positions. She did stop sucking for a minute though to give him time to readjust. 

Ben was ready now. Flori was sitting on his lap with his cock still in her. He could feel her breasts pressing against his chest. He began fucking her again at a slow pace. She resumed sucking on him. 

After some more minutes of this, Ben felt his orgasm building again. He was pumping quickly into her and didn't want to stop. 

"Oh god... I'm going to cum. Oh fuck..." Ben moaned out. 

With two more pumps Ben released his seed into Flori. He groaned loudly as he did. His body tighten as he pumped and pumped into her. 

Flori had a orgasm of her own. She was full now and with Ben cumming inside her she experienced her own climax. She, quickly, removed her fangs from his neck and cried out loudly. Ben finished squirting the rest of his semen into her. 

Flori pulled up and Ben's cock slipped out of her. She collapsed on the bed next to him. Both were panting and exhausted but completely pleased with themselves. 

After lying there for some time, Ben sat up on the bed. 

"What was that?" Ben asked. 

"Well you still are attracted to me right? If you want me to still be your roommate then I'm going to behave that way." Flori said. 

Ben shrugged. "Alright."

He checked his neck. He used his fingers to feel his neck where Flori was sucking on him minutes ago. Nothing. 

Flori noticed this. "It won't leave any bites. My saliva is special. It heals all holes and wounds." 

"Oh great...haha." Ben laughed. 

"Yeah it's a little gross but it keeps you from having little holes all over you." She laughed back. 

Ben was curious about a lot of different things now that he accepted her for what she was. Flori could see his curiousness on his face. 

She rolled her eyes. "Go ahead. I know you have a million questions to ask. Do it." 

Ben was a little embarrassed. "If you don't want to then we don't have to. I don't want to impose." 

"No it's okay. I did try to eat you before. I owe you this. Go." 

"Can you turn me into a vampire?" 

"I have the ability to. Yes. Why? Do you want to be one?" She cocked her head. 

"No no. Just curious. Are any famous people vampires?" 

"Probably. I'm not sure. I'm not a very social vampire." 

"Okay. When did you decide to wanted to..." 

"Drink your blood. Delicious by the way." 

"Ah ha. Yeah. That." 

"About a year ago I-" Flori begin. 

"Wait what?! You've been wanting to drink me for a year?!" Ben gasped. 

Flori sighed. "Yes. We passed each other in the mall a little over a year ago and I smelled your blood. It was intoxicating!...So I followed you home and figured out who you were." 

"Oh wow. That long ago? Why did you wait so long to approach or go after me?" Ben asked. 

"Cause you were in pain. Grieving and dealing with that. I felt sorry for you. I desperately wanted to drink your blood but I wanted you to mourn first." 

"Thanks." Ben said sadly. He didn't want to think about that now. 

"Welcome. Anyway, you started asking for roommates and I figured you were getting better. You did turn down a lot of people. Hahaha." 

"Yeah I did I guess haha. They were good candidates I just wasn't exactly ready." 

"Yeah I understand. So I was trying to find a good time to come drink from you then I got the idea to be your roommate. Then I could drink from you all the time. So I dropped off the letter." Flori continued. 

Ben stopped her. " Wait. You dropped it off?"

"Yes I'm fast Benjamin. I dropped it off and flitting back to my apartment. I don't have a cell phone so I use the one in the complex." 

"Holy shit. You have to be fast I called you like 3 minutes after I picked up that letter." Ben said impressed. 

Flori smiled with pride. "Exactly. So when you called I was ready. I had already made a reservation at Taylor's. On the phone I compelled you to come. Vampires of a certain age can "Jedi mind trick" people." 

"Ohhhh that makes sense. Now I understand why I agree so easily. To everything..." Ben waited. "What about that date night. How did I get home?" 

Flori shrugged. "I just keep you compelled and ordered you to go home. I rode with you and made sure you made it into the house. If a human is compelled long enough they go into a loopy like state. They rarely remember anything."

"Hmm. Interesting. How often do you compel people?" Ben asked. 

Flori thought for a moment. "Hmmm. I do it so frequently I don't notice. The waiter and chef were compelled when you came to Taylor's. I usually go there to scout out a snack." 

Ben was amused. "What's your favorite dish?" 

Flori smiled mischievously. 

Ben looked at her confused for a second then it clicked. "Oh." 

Ben laid in silence for a bit taking it all in. He had asked her all the questions he could think that involved him and the events of the last couple of days. 

"So... you're 333 years old. Wow. So I just had sex with a 300 year old." 

"Well yes and no. I'm 333 but in human years I'm about 29. If that makes it less weird for you." Flori explained. 

"I guess so yeah." Ben said relieved. It made the situation easier to accept. 

"Do dragons exist?"

"What?" Flori asked bewildered. 

"Are dragons real? You know breathe fire, fly, and scaly. That sort of thing." 

Flori blinked at him and burst out laughing. She laughed for a good few minutes before stopping. 

"Oh...all the things..." She giggled. "you want to know about dragons." 

Ben was happy to see that lift her mood. Flori seemed to be pretending to smile and be happy since he met her it seemed. This felt genuine. She wasn't a monster after all. A little different than most but not a monster. 

"Well?" Ben insisted. 

"Yes they are real. Or were. I believe they have all been wiped out by now. They do look similar to what you imagine but they can willingly transform from human to animal and back if they want." 

"Whoa... cool." Ben said. He yawned. 

Flori stood up off the bed. She was still very naked and the moon was still shining through the window. 

"Fuck she is gorgeous. Vampire or not, all I want to do is be with her." Ben thought. 

"I think it's time for you to sleep. It's pretty late. The sun will be up in a few hours." Flori said. 

"What about you? Do you want to sleep here tonight?" Ben asked. He was eager to be next to her pale perfect body again. 

"Haha. I can't sleep up here darling. The sun." Flori pointed out the window. 

Ben felt stupid. "Oh yeah right. Sorry." 

"It's okay. This is new for you. It will take time. I sleep during the day most of the time. So I will be awake for a bit longer then I will sleep." Flori whispered. 

Ben was exhausted. "Okay. You sure you'll be alright." He was already falling asleep. "If you need..." 

"I'll be fine darling. I promise. Rest now. I'll see you tonight." Flori said. 

Ben didn't hear anything after "I promise" because he passed out. 

Flori watched Ben sleep for a few minutes. She shook her head. In no way did she expect any of what transpired tonight. Benjamin Parker was... different. He had every reason to kill her or a least make her leave but he accepted her right way. It shook Flori to her core. She hadn't felt this way about a man in a long long time. 

Flori bent over and kiss his forehead. She would find a way to thank him later. 

Ben woke up feeling completely drained of energy. He didn't know if it was from all the events of the last couple of days, his hot passionate sex that he hasn't done in a while, or an after effect of Flori drinking from him. He supposed it could have been a mixture of all three but it didn't really matter. His life was forever changed and he needed to start adapting to it. 

He begrudgingly got out of bed. Since he was already naked he just headed straight to the bathroom and hopped in the shower. The hot steamy water felt good running down his body. It helped with his feeling of fatigue a little. 
