 === My Siren ===

It is neither right nor proper to be drowning at the age of a mere twenty-three years of age. There's yet so much to learn, to experience, to feel!

These thoughts churned through my head, making me angry as I fought to keep my head above the foam-covered waves that would drench my face and hair leaving the taste of salt and seaweed on my tongue. I would not die, I would not die!

Before I had jumped from the ship these few minutes ago I had removed my boots and now, struggling in the sea, I had undressed. I was naked, except for my sword-belt strapped around my belly. A Gray Knight did not leave his sword, even in the face of death.

Now and again I could, when the raging sea lifted me up, see the smooth reefs and the black top of the towering islet right in front of me. I had been making for that one beacon of hope while my strength lasted, but I was a rag-doll in the wet, salty arms of the mighty ocean.

Every now and then I though I could hear the song, that cursed song that had made the helmsman change course. That had made him set a course straight for the reefs, while the crew and passengers had gathered at the bow, staring hungrily ahead.

===

Not that I could blame them. The wordless song, the cursed song, had been like honey poured on silk. It had carried with it promises, hints, and teasings. Of burning eyes, of soft lips, of large breasts, and firm buttocks and thighs, of smooth bellies and long, shining hair.

There came visions of goddesses, beautiful beyond human knowledge, wrapping slender arms around me. I had almost felt full lips pressed towards mine, legs slightly spread apart, coyly inviting me to experience ecstasy supreme.

But those visions had not befuddled my brain, such as it had done the rest of the men aboard. Of all the people on the ship it seemed I had been the only one able to resist, to control myself. After a brief struggle with the desperate helmsman, which he had won, I had only been able to watch helplessly as the ship continued on its fatal course.

I had not had any real choice. It was either jumping and swimming for the tiny islet on one side of the reefs the ship was heading for, or remaining and be smashed to pieces.

And now, still with the cursed song of honey and silk in my ears I finally, finally, felt sand under my feet. Not the smooth rock of the reefs, but the sand of the steep islet. I stumbled onto dry land and fell over in an exhausted, fitful sleep.

===

I leaped to my feet as soon as I woke. It was still light, but the sun would soon set. Looking around I saw that the sea was far calmer than it had been, and that the tide was lower.

The islet I was on seemed to be slightly oblong, about three hundred yards at its widest. It looked like a huge piece of broken glass: Steep, jagged crags of black stone surrounded by a narrow strip of slightly lighter, sandy beach, and a peak taller than the rest in the center. That was the point I had earlier been swimming towards, swimming for my life.

I felt cold and wet and hungry, and began walking around the beach to keep warm and to investigate if anyone else from the ship had survived the wreck. The sand was coarse against my bare feet and the sword belt was chafing my raw skin. Still, I was alive.

The curse-song continued, and now it merely irritated me. Its seductive call influenced me, I cannot deny it, and having to walk around naked with a stiff, ready manhood when one has just been marooned with no food or any real hope of rescue, well... Let's just say that the Elders of the Order of Gray Knights would not have approved of me right now.

I wondered why I had not been affected like the others. The song was very effective, and I could feel its powers tingling inside me right now. I was distracted by thoughts of soft, wet lips wrapped around my shaft, my hands fondling the long hair of the woman pleasing me. While my manhood was quivering in real excitement, there was a calm spot in my mind somewhere that gave me the chance to rule myself.

===

As I climbed over a small crag that blocked my passage around the beach I began to hear other sounds beside that of the curse-song and the sea. It was the sound of men consumed by lust, of moaning and groaning and growling, a sound that reminded me that man was nothing more than a beast.

I could not solve the mystery entirely, but the clues were there for me to see: The crew and passengers, and the hints of the curse-song. I began walking more quickly along the beach.

There! There were the reefs. With the low tide they were now forming a continuous barrier, or land-tongue, from the islet and a few hundred yards into the sea.

And on the reefs, on the smooth rocks, were men from the ship and their seductresses, and I understood what had happened. They had fallen prey to sirens. She-demons.

The men, five survivors from a number of more than thirty, were naked and surrounded by a score or so women. If women they were.

From what I could see they were slender and lithe, lovely and graceful, naked as they had been born, all with long, long hair flowing in the breeze. And they were singing with the voices of goddesses.

The men, caught fully up in the spell of the curse-song, were mating with the sirens. Each man had a woman beneath him, making love to her with a strength and ferocity that could only had been induced from the power of the song.

The other sirens were circling around, singing, watching. Now and again one would make a jump, and her hair would flow out behind her, letting her glide softly on the wind, landing many yards from where she had taken off.

Watching the scene and hearing the song I felt my desire mount even higher, if that was possible. I crouched behind a rock, my right hand closing around my manhood. 

Unlike the five men consumed by desire I could control myself, but I did not wish this constant lust to distract me anymore. I took my eyes of the mating couples and looked at the other sirens.

My attention was fixed upon one that was closer to me that most of the others. While too far away to see clearly, I thought she seemed somewhat shorter than the rest. But what interested me was the fact that her lovely, glittering, black hair was so long that she once stepped on it and stumbled, a movement that seemed so normal, natural, in this demonic situation that I could not help choosing her.

My eyes followed her as danced amongst the others, gliding as she made those long, graceful jumps, her hand gathering her hair when she stood on the ground, probably to avoid stepping on it again.

The song conjured the image of her lying beneath me, her legs spread, my hands on her large breasts, my manhood deep inside her. No surprise that it did not take long before I got my release, a release beyond all I had felt before. The drops of it splattered on the rock I was hiding behind, my teeth biting into the palm on my left hand to keep from grunting in pleasure.

===

Could you imagine my surprise when my manhood, immediately after I had come, rose up again like a steel rod? I had pleasured myself many, many times before, despite the Order of Gray Knights explicitly forbidding it, and I head never been ready again this quickly.

I tried again. This time the song conjured images of the siren, my siren, pleasing me with her lips, her tongue caressing the tip of my manhood. I could almost feel her breath and her long hair against my legs as I touched myself.

Then, after yet another hungry release, the same thing happened. It was hard and ready once more. When I soon after noticed that sirens who had been filled with the seed of one of the five men rose and were replaced by other women, I understood this puzzle as well.

The curse-song was teasing our manhoods back into action, again and again. As long as the sirens sang the five men would make love time after time, tireless and eager, and I would be hard as a rock.

Suddenly one of the women rose from where she had lain under one of the naked men, I could not tell who. And who other glided over to take her place than the short siren with the longest hair. My siren!

===

It was then that my stupid, innate male ability to be jealous caused me to make a fatal error. I could not, would not, sit here and watch her, my siren, being used by another man no matter what spell was upon him.

I had to do something, but I assumed that men who would willingly sail towards a reef would probably also willingly defend their captors from a fellow man if he dared threaten them with his sword. So I decided not to run over to break up the orgy. Instead I chose to turn around and stride away from the scene, my back almost as stiff as my manhood.

When I lost sight of the sirens and the song became more distant I was able to think more clearly. I had to save those five men, for I did not believe that they would be allowed to escape after their work was done, but I had not idea what to do. I had to save them, and I had to make love to my siren, or so the blood pumping through me growled.

I walked around the islet, swinging my sheathed sword, looking up at the crags and down into the sea, seeking anything that would help me. But I could think of nothing. I was facing twenty-something wind-demons and probably their five willing champions as well, and my sharp sword would not be enough to overcome them all.

I even climbed the crags, hoping to catch sight of a ship in the distance. The sharp edges of the rock cut my skin, and I was only rewarded by the view of the unbroken horizon. I was high up on the islet, and could see the orgy still going on at reef beyond the far end. If I had looked closer I might very well have seen that not all of the five men were now making love to the sirens. I ought to have done that, but I didn't because I did not wish to see my siren with another man.

I climbed down again, and walked around the rest of the islet, approaching the reef from the other side. When I came closer my heart jumped when I noticed a shape resting on the reef. It had to be a lifeboat from the ship! The tiny vessel was lying upside-down a few feet from the sea.

I sat for a while looking at the boat, seeing only now and again one of the dancing sirens. How many men could safely fit into it? I did not know. How would we use it to get to inhabited lands? I did not know. Still, these were not the most interesting questions right now. If I managed to rescue a sailor, then he would know. My task was to free them, and that was the task I was unable to perform.

I waited and waited in my stupidity and jealousy, thinking and not finding answers, still refusing to look at the orgy. The honey-and-silk song went on and on, but my yearning manhood only served to frustrate me.

In the end I could not take it anymore. I was cold and hungry, the sun having almost set. I had to do something before sunset, for who knew what would happen in the night. And so, too late as I was to find out, I brandished my sword, and ran out of hiding, towards the sirens and the hapless men serving them.

===

As I ran on sand and smooth rocks I made good speed and soon had the whole orgy in full view. Only that it was not orgy anymore. Out of the five men only one was still moving, a siren beneath him, his hips shaking with exhaustion as the dreadful desire egged him on.

Coming closer, seeing bodies lying at the water's edge, indeed more than five bodies there were, I realized how the men had met their fate. The curse-song had made them push themselves beyond their limits, and so into death.

Fury at the sirens, but also at myself for my hesitation and inexplicable jealousy, made me roar and run even faster than before. I did not care if the she-demons attacked me: I would die like a Gray Knight should, with his sword in his hand, his foes paying dearly in blood.

But the sirens did not charge me. Instead they scattered, almost like birds. They jumped high into the air, as high as my head, and glided in arcs around me with their long hair trailing behind them.

They all escaped me, all except one. The one beneath the last man wriggled away and tried to jump to safety like her fellow sirens. But she was too late.

As she leaped I jumped up, my left fist catching the end of her long, black hair. With a scream and a thud she fell onto the smooth rock of the reef on her back. It was her, my siren. And just as when she had stumbled her too-long hair had betrayed her and let me grab it.

At any other time I would have noticed that she looked exactly like the curse-song had promised me. She had the face and body of a true goddess in early womanhood, twenty summers at most. Golden skin, slender limbs, with large, firm breasts and luscious, inviting thighs. Her face had high cheekbones, full,red lips, white teeth, and a cute, little nose. But her eyes, oh her eyes!, were big and black, slanted, with long lashes and expressive, soft brows above them.

At any another time I would have stopped to admire her beauty. But the curse-song had ended abruptly when the sirens had become aware of me. The song had ended, my manhood had softened, and I could focus entirely on the tragedy that had occurred.

The siren, shorter than me by a head, spat at me and shrieked something, a jarring sound that was somehow welcome after the long hours of sugary curse-song. Even so, I did not have much patience with her. Resisting the urge to slap her, I grabbed her by the hair near the roots, and pulled her after me over to the man that had just made love to her.

The jealously was almost completely gone as I held the siren's head down and away from my body to prevent her from doing much except scratch at my arm. She was not very strong, but still her nails hurt me somewhat.

Looking around I saw the other she-demons. They were perched on the crags of the islet, merely looking at us. I pushed the siren down on her belly and placed my knee in the small of her back as I investigated the man.

He had been a sailor, the biggest and strongest of them all, the one who had carried the heaviest loads and drunk and eaten more than anyone else. He had survived longer than anyone else as well. But now he was dead. He was covered in his own sweat, his body pushed beyond even his great endurance.

I rose and, pulling the siren after me none too gently, searched for the missing pulse of all the nine dead, sweaty corpses that lay on the reef. I turned a deaf ear to the shrieks of the woman, until I stood by the overturned lifeboat.

===

Released my grip on the siren's hair, I pretended to be occupied with trying to right the boat. As I sat down to get a grip under it, I saw her slowly bend her knees.

Like lightning she jumped, and I lashed out, grabbing her right ankle. But this time I noticed that she did not tumble down, but that she and her long hair floated slowly downwards. She took the ground gracefully, and sent me a look of pure hatred.

On a spur of inspiration I pulled her towards me, and used my sword to cut off some of her hair close to the roots. That made her yell out. A scream, if I was not mistaken, of shock and fear.

I cut off more hair. She screamed and fought me. She tried to bite me, to claw me, to kick me. Nothing helped. I was a Knight, trained in combat, and she was a slender woman. Indeed, she was far too light even for her stature, and not very strong at all.

When all the hair had been sliced off, leaving her head looking like a beggar who had been given a close hair-cut by another, blind, beggar, I released her. Again I pretended to give all my attention to the lifeboat.

When she, convinced I was not looking, began running away instead of leaping into the air, I smiled to myself. I had been right. It was the long hair that had given her power to glide on the wind.

She ran towards the islet and the safety of the crags and her fellow sirens. I followed, slowly catching up with her. She began climbing upwards, but did not managed to escape my arm. I pulled her down onto the sand. Looking up I could see the other she-demons. They had, using their leaps, fled away from us to perch higher.

They would not help her!, I thought jubilantly. They would not help her!

My short-haired siren rose from the beach with a look of fury on her face. But I just smiled at her. When she attacked me I swiftly forced her arms behind her back, and marched her back to the reef and the lifeboat.

This time I kept her under my foot as I now began turning the boat in earnest and pulled it into the sea. Lifting her up and dumping her into the vessel, I sat down before her and loosened the oars that had luckily been tied safely to the seats.

Twice, as I rowed away from the shore, she tried to jump out of the boat. And twice I pulled her back inside again. Eventually, as the distance to the reef increased, she sat down on the after seat and looked at me with murder in her big, black, slanted eyes, her full lips parted in a predatory sneer.

===

So, that was it. I rowed hard, trying to forget what had just happened. Tried to make the horror of the shipwreck and the loved-to-death men go away the way the islet and the sirens did as the darkness now engulfed them.

I tried to focus on the challenges ahead. Night was coming, there was no food, no knowing where we were, no knowing what the weather would be like. I tried to be terrified that it was most likely we would perish here out on the ocean.

The one other thing I was able to think of, though, sat on the seat in front of me, our eyes locked to each other in a battle of wills. My siren. If we ever made it to safety she would be held responsible for what had happened.

Maybe I would get her hanged. Maybe turn her over to the friends of the dead sailors and passengers. Maybe.

But through all these thoughts of vengeance came a notion to me, quite unbidden. It could have been the last echo of curse-song, or it could be the goddess-like appearance of the siren.

I saw myself with her head between my legs, servicing me, her master. I saw her beneath me, gasping in lust as I used her for my own pleasure. Scene after scene of ecstasy flowed past my eyes as I kept my eyes locked with hers, the blood flowing down to my manhood.

No. I would not get her hanged. She was my siren, and she would learn what it meant to belong to me.

THE END

 Author's Note: Please leave a comment if you enjoyed the tale! I will write a follow-up if the story is appreciated. I am also looking for a editor, if anyone wants that job.