 I was just leaving the office when I got the call from my wife's younger sister, Suzi. She'd missed the late bus and asked if I could give her a ride home. She was standing there, wearing a tight, short skirt, waiting at the bus loop when I drove up. She got in the car, slid across the seat, and gave me a big, wet, passionate kiss. 

"Thanks for picking me up, honey. I had such a crappy day. I found out Mary Farley with her big boobs is making moves on my boyfriend. I hate that fucking bitch. And he was flirting with her! I got so mad at both of them I flunked a math test and then I missed the goddamn bus. I'm sorry I had to call you." 

"That's OK, I don't mind. I always like seeing you."

She moved over in the seat, turned slightly toward me, partly leaning against the door. The way she sat pulled her blouse tight across her chest. From the little nipple points I could see she wasn't wearing a bra. Her left foot was up on the seat, her knee up, giving me a perfect up-skirt look at her panties. She has such sexy legs, all smooth and curvy and soft. "I see you're wearing the panties I gave you for your birthday."

"Yeah. I let Jimmy peak up my skirt in home room and he thought he was going to get a chance to take them off me tonight. He would have to, until I caught him flirting with that bitch! I thought she was my friend." We drove in silence for a minute then she said, "Damn, after a day like this I just need a really good fuck!" 

"Well, Suzi, I shouldn't let a wife of mine go without a fuck when she needs one now, should I? We could swing by the house. Jen's going out after work tonight. We'll have the bedroom all to ourselves."

"I'd like that."

Let me explain how my wife's sister is also my wife. 

Marriage is a family affair here on Ephaedra. When I married Jen I married her three sisters, too. And she married my two brothers. That's the way it's done here. Jen and I are the primary spouses. The "married wife" and "married husband". We live together like married couples on most other worlds. The brothers and sisters are our sibling-spouses. One of my brothers is married and his wife is also one of my sister-wives (and I'm her brother-husband). Sex is common and accepted as natural, though not required, among sibling spouses. It's always consensual but, really, who wouldn't consent? Most do. The honeymoon after a wedding usually lasts a full month. The primary couple celebrate their marital bliss and establish their marriage together during that time. After the honeymoon is over they are available for dating sibling-spouses. Each sibling-souse pair will celebrate a "honeyday" as sort of a mini-honeymoon where they spend a whole day together. That's usually when have their first sex. 

We pulled up to the house and went in. When we get to the bedroom I can feel some tenseness in her as we kiss. I get behind her and rub her shoulders. I caress her on the neck with my lips and feel her tension ease. I reach in front and start unbuttoning her blouse working slowly from the bottom up. I press my pelvis close to her buttocks. She wiggles in approval. As I get to the last button I can feel the soft, smooth flesh of her round but not yet full young tits. I like when she's not wearing a bra. I cup my hands on her breasts and nibble her neck. My growing cock is starting to strain against the confinement of my pants and I can tell she likes it. I roll her nipples between my fingers and thumbs. "I think your boobs are incredibly shapely and sexy, honey. They make my horny." I let go of her tits and start to take off my shirt. She turns around. I help her slip out of her blouse. 

We lay back on the bed side by side, arms around each other. We kiss long and passionately. I whisper to her, spilling my hot breath into her ear. "I like the way you hold me. Tender yet firm and so inviting."

"That's because I want you, I want the way you make me feel so sexy." She's my youngest wife. She was too young for sex when Jen and I got married. It was only six months ago she had her birthday and we took our honeyday together. There's still a freshness to her excitement for sex that really turns me on. I slide my hand down her skirt and feel her pussy through her panties. She coos with pleasure. Her hand finds it's way down my pants and into my undies feeling for my hardness. She wraps her hand around it. I coo in pleasure.

We kiss again. I kiss down her neck to her shoulder. I lick her boob, spiraling around to her nipple. I take it in my mouth and tease it with my tongue. She squeezes my cock harder as she strokes it. I undo my belt and she starts pulling down my pants. I help her take them off. Then I take off her skirt. "I do like the way you make those panties look so hot, honey." I bend down and lick her pussy through them. I climb on top and kiss her some more. I take my cock in my hand and rub it on her panties. I can feel her pussy getting wet. I pantie fuck her, pushing the tip of my cock into her vagina. She says, "Fuck my little pussy. Fill me with your big hard cock."

I whisper in her ear, "I love when you say things like that. But not yet honey." 

I pull her panties down slowly showing her soft blonde bush and then those lush, curvy pussy lips. My cock is bouncing with excitement. I finger her wet vagina, rubbing the foreskin flap covering her clit with my thumb as I stroke in and out. Then I take her panties all the way off and bury my face between her legs. She moans with pleasure as my tongue slips under the foreskin and tickles her very sensitive clit. "Ohhh! Oh yes! I LIKE that!" Ephaedran women have an easily excited clit and the little flap of skin that covers it keeps it from getting overstimulated. She was a little shy about letting me lick her the first time, on our honeyday. But she responded with hot passion as soon as my tongue touched her clit. And she's loved it ever since. 

I put my lips on her clit and suck it. I can feel it swelling up, getting firm, like her nipples do, until it's twice it's normal size and pushes the foreskin cover open by itself. Her hips are twitching in ecstasy and she's moaning in a deep purr. I feel so much excitement at her pleasure it almost makes me cum. I stop licking and press my cock against her slit, rubbing gently. I move up until my balls are between her legs. I keep moving up until I'm rubbing on her tits. I get my balls between those soft orbs. The tip of my cock is in her face. She licks it. A shudder of excitement goes through me. 

She's always been shy about sucking cock and I don't want to press her too much on it. But she licks it again and takes it in her mouth. "Oh, Suzi! Honey!" She takes it in a little more. Her tongue is swirling around the tip. I want to push it further in but I let her take the lead. She pumps her head a bit. She's definitely warming up to this part of sex. I pull it out of her mouth and go back down on her. I suck her clit into my mouth and start humming.

She screams, "OHHH! Now! Put your fucking dick in my cunt NOW!" I mount her and start to rub my cock on her slit but she grabs it and guides it in. It's a tight squeeze getting my head in but she's very wet and slippery. I slide it all the way in until my balls are rubbing her. "Ohhhh, ohhh yessss!" she purrs.

"Oh, honey, I love the way you squeeze me so tight with that sweet little pussy." I pull my cock out nice and slow. Then ram it back in hard and fast. "Oh. god, YES!" she encourages me. "Fuck me hard!" I start pumping her pussy. Slow at first then faster and faster.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh fuck!" she pants as I push deep inside her over and over and over. Her hips start to rock in rhythm with me and I can tell she's nearly there. She arches her back. "Cum inside me! Fill me with your hot cum!" I push in deeper and feel her firm clit pressing against my skin. Hot flashes of electric pleasure cascade from my balls through my whole body. Every pump of cum brings another wave of bliss. "OHHH, Baby! Take all my cum! Mmmmm. I love you! Oh, you hot fuck!" I tell her as I squirt inside her. 

"I so needed that!" she says as we hear my wife's car drive up to the house. "I love you, too." We lay there in complete contentment for a few minutes enjoying the afterglow, our chests heaving together. In a moment Jen comes in. 

"Oh, Suzi, I didn't know you'd be here." 

"Hi, sis." 

I let my cock slip out of her and roll over. "Hi, honey", I say. She comes over to the bed and gives me a kiss. "What happened to your date?" I ask.

"Your brother had to leave. We'd just gotten to the restaurant when his wife called. Car trouble. He had to go help her. We made a date for tomorrow instead. And I'd been getting so horny for him! I was already wet."

"Oh, too bad. I hope he gets the car fixed OK."

"You two want some company?" She starts to take off her dress. Group sex is common in these family marriages. But it's not quite anything goes. Tradition is that the married couple always be part of the group. Hoping in bed with two of my sister-wives would be frowned on unless Jen joins in. Or gives her blessing for it if she chooses not to. If a sister-wife is married her husband would have to be included. 

"We just got done. I have to drive Suzi home in a few minutes."

"OK, I'm going to take a shower while you're gone. I'll put on something sexy for when you get home."

Suzi and I help each other get dressed with a lot of post-coital petting. I kiss Jen and leave to drive my sister-wife home. Jen is wearing a long, sheer, sexy nightie when I get home.