 The large wounds from the first gunman’s shots were all but gone and bleeding had ceased and only large globs of coagulating and platelet filled blood remained. Six large bumps began to appear before the two attending paramedics and Gillian’s eyes. These bumps became red and pustules formed on them. The pustules burst open and six lead slugs pushed their way out of his chest while blood oozed as the holes quickly closed up behind them. The sound of the lead hitting the floor of the ambulance broke the stunned silence. A deep breath was taken by a body that should be dead, and Nicodaemus’ eyes opened. They were however not the normal ice blue but instead he displayed white irises flared with deep emerald green streaks. A few quick blinks and his body rose.

It took Nicodaemus very little time to realize where he was and comprehend his predicament. Still the two paramedics in the rear of the vehicle and also Gillian stared in utter shock at this walking corpse. He was no corpse at all. Except for a highly increased metabolism to facilitate healing he was completely normal. “Well now isn’t this just wonderful!” As word escaped his mouth gasped escaped his audience’s. 

“You..your al..you should be…” A bumbling paramedic was able to slur.

“Dead? Yeah I suppose one would assume such a thing.” He said as he looked down disappointed at his ruined shirt. He smeared away the globs of mostly scabbed blood from his chest. Beneath was a perfect muscular chest that showed no signs of even the slightest abrasion. "Yeah I know pretty amazing huh but unfortunately non of you are going to tell a soul. Agreed?”

“Yes Mr. Rowan.” The two attending and one driving paramedic all said in unison.

“Now drive the two of us to Fourth and Lombard Streets. You will let us out there and be on your way an not remember any of tonight’s events.” They gazed blankly and just nodded their head as the sirens died and lights went out on the ambulance. Gillian felt the vehicle change directions and simply could not muster any words at what she saw or what had happened to her. Nicodaemus directed them to his private entrance upon reaching his destination.

Still in a slight state of shock he took her by the hand and led her from the vehicle to his personal elevator. She was at the same time scared beyond all rational belief but oddly she felt at ease when he took her hand. By the time they reached the elevator the ambulance was gone and soon no trace of the nights events would remain in their minds. With the power of his mind the doors to his elevator were opened and the two of them entered. When the door opened they were in a room in his apartment she had not seen the previous times she was there. 

This room was his bedroom she surmised due to the fact a bed was positioned not to far from her location. Next to the bed were three massive bodies of his dogges completely undisturbed by there presence. This room had many bookshelves with ancient looking books and a few glass podiums with petraglyphs on them. This room also differed in the fact it was the only non-modern looking room in the place. Sure there were many old artifacts every where else and some fine antique furniture here and there but his home had an overall modern look to it. This room however looked like a room in a castle from the fur rugs and blankets to the stone-faced walls down to the hearth. Only a skylight lit by the quickly receding evening sun illuminated this room. For the first time she saw large portraits with only ladies in them. Depicted were at least six different women. It was obvious the women were from different time periods easily set a few hundred years apart. The clothing of the ladies as well as the varied aged look of each painting told her so. Lying propped in a corner were a few unfinished portraits of Ladies but she could not tell if they were the same women as the ones she saw on the walls. 

He guided her to his oversized bed and pulled up a bucket style chair next to her. As she was placed on the warm fur blankets part of her wanted to break down and cry but the other part wanted to know what just happened and was any of it really real. His eyes had returned to their ice blue colour once more and she felt as if she would lose her self in them. She began to open her mouth but was quickly hushed but this mysterious being. “Well I did not want it to happen this way. Not at all. Now however I guess I owe you an explanation of what I am and .” He said very disappointed. Although he was upset at how she was introduced to the truth he so desperately wanted to share with her, he was at the same time anxious to begin his explanation and tale. “I suppose I should start with the basics if you can even call them that…