 "I was born approximately 60,000 years ago in the middle of what biologists refer to as the Pleistocene epoch. It was the beginning of the retreat of the glaciers. Where I was born however showed no signs of glaciers. I was born in the Euphrates river valley in what is modern day Iraq. It was much more lush back then. I still remember every detail; ever scent every sunrise and sunset from my early years. I was an oddity even before birth. I can still remember prenatal life even after all these years. I remember my very mortal mother's voice and feeling the sunrise and shine through her stomach. I was just a sentient at birth as I am now although obviously my mind was not able to comprehend every thing quite yet.

"Even at my birth it was clear I was different and the tribal elders" a small laugh escaped pausing his story telling, "wanted me killed immediately so my mother fled."

"Why did you laugh?" she asked, these being first words to leave her mouth since this ordeal began.

"Well I called them elders, but you see they were maybe in their late twenties and early thirties but to the common human in that time they were very old and even began to look it. Wrinkles, graying hair and other signs not seen nowadays until the late forties were present in these men and the women too."

"Well I can see your eyes are much lighter than anything I have ever seen," she interrupted,"and your skin and your hair are definitely pale but most babies look a little different at birth."

"Come on now Gillian, you are smarter than that think about it. 60,000 years ago where I was born they were all very dark skinned and very dark haired not to mention it would be nearly 15,000 years before I ever saw a fair skinned person. So to all of these people I was an abomination. I still remember them looking at me in disgust. Although I could not understand the words they spoke just yet I could feel their intentions. They did not hate me; they just feared me and feared the bad luck I would bring them. This fear is something I would continue to see for the rest of my life. It has only been in the last few centuries that I can go somewhat unnoticed. Just like animals today, odd balls were shunned because back then, humans weren't quite at the top of the food chain. They did not want to draw attention to themselves with an, oddity like myself. So, in an attempt to preserve the "herd" I was to be killed. As luck would have it, being a human and having more feelings than instinct, her offspring's life was more important. 

"I grew at a slightly accelerated rate and began speaking and walking much sooner than any normal human. I was also able to read my mother's mind and, like today, I could also read animals and saved my mother and myself many times from predation due to this ability. She told me many stories and the history of our tribe as best she could remember and also when I was a young boy she told me about how we came to be separated from them. Even though I remembered it all I was never able to understand exactly what was happening. Being a child and lacking very good self-control I was always angered by these stories and vowed revenge. All the things going on in my head compounded my anger. I could hear her thoughts even as she slept, I could feel the animals all around me, from the wolves and large cats that we lived in fear of to minute bugs whose brains merely spit out orders and had no real thought. It was very hard being raised by someone who feared you. 

Although she loved me I could still see and feel the fear in her. I could here her when she had regrets about running off with me and her many, many what if thought trains. Sometimes when she had these thoughts I would argue with her and tell her she made the right decision, not that I knew any better. It was times like that when she really feared me. The first time it happened she never caught on to the fact I was reading her mind. When she did realize this, a cold fear spilled over her body. She was never completely at ease around me and when I was about ten years old and she knew I could fend for myself she left me in my sleep. She never made a plan to do it, as surely I would have known. She was there one night and gone when I awoke.

"Hatred for her and all humans consumed me for many years. When I was about 14 years old I found the tribe from which I was born. I recognized a few of the elders as the ones who banished my existence and my blood began to boil. It was their fault I was all alone. It was these people's ignorance and fear that caused me to have not had any contact with other humans and grow up in the wilds. As all this anger and jealousy built, a few women carrying berries back into the village spotted me. Their gaze upon me was immediately followed by screams and fears. I read their minds and learned they knew of me and my birth. I was something like a fairytale or a boogieman almost. Their screams obviously drew much attention and soon men with spears and bolo's were heading my way. I was about to run when I saw the thing that sent my rage over the edge. From one of the huts came my mother. After four years of wondering what had happened to her and worrying that she may have been eaten or fallen ill I saw her looking to see what the commotion was. Her eyes immediately met mine. I saw shame at first then fear and even a little hate. In a flash I saw everything."

"She made a instant decision to leave me that night and made her way back to the village. Very few people remembered her but she convinced the elders she had killed me and was held captive buy a rival tribe. She quickly realized they would banish her or even put her to death when the elders see me and figure out she lied to them.

My attention was quickly drawn back to the armed men approaching me and yelling many words I never learned form my mother, but I easily understood them. This became the first time I killed another human. I was not able to concentrate because of my hatred. I now felt anger and I received a spear in my right thigh. I just focused all my anger at the man who had thrown that spear and he fell almost immediately. Soon two more spears were on their way to me and I moved faster than a human eye can comprehend to avoid them. Not quite understanding this killing ability I let it continue. One attacker's chest exploded while another's head imploded. The last to die was the most gruesome; he was basically torn apart on a cellular level and appeared to melt. Soon every one was looking to see what was going on and even they were trying to rid their village of my presence once all of the defenders had fallen. At first I was only defending myself but then as rage took over I was killing every one I could see. I then made the decision to not have my mother suffer the elders' punishment.

Instead I made her gut hurt as bad as mine when I realized she left me that morning. Then I let her feel the pain I felt in my head as I channeled all the thoughts, fears and screams of every living being I had in my head into hers. This was too much for her fragile human body to cope with and she fell limp, grey matter oozing through her nostrils from her brain. I quite literally made her mind explode. To this day I still feel no sympathy or regret for that act. In just under what is now a half of an hour, I had eliminated every living soul in that village. 

"When I calmed down a little bit I found myself in the center of the huts with half a spear sticking out of my leg still. I slowly and painfully pulled the spear out of my leg taking a good piece of myself with it as the bone spearhead exited my flesh. Healing like you witnessed earlier tonight began immediately. This night sparked a very lasting hatred of all other humans and began what could have been the end, given enough time that is, of the human race before they were ever a real player on this earth. I roamed for centuries upon centuries. 

"I came upon many settlements and destroyed all inhabitants regardless of age or sex. Over the years I began to understand my killing ability and perfect my methods of dispatching them. That first night I really did not understand what I did, it simply happened. It took me nearly a century to be able to focus my efforts. It did not take me long to realize that no other human could do what I could.

"I never bothered to read their minds or even give them a chance. In all actuality, often times their thoughts were a large jumble in my mind and even by this point in my life I was not yet able to pick out individual's thoughts very well. I killed them all because of the life they forced me into. They also put up good fights, futile as they may have been. While their bodies lay decomposing, my wounds healed quickly. Sometimes the wounds I received caused me to "die" like earlier tonight. I however always woke up, where as they did not. This spree lasted for over 1,500 years, and then I saw her.