 "Now there's a nice piece of tail," I mumbled into my drink. And when I said it, I meant it pretty literally. She had tail. Two, of them, actually.

I was sitting in my favorite dive where I kill time between trips out to the asteroid belt, mining for heavy metals. This had so far been an uneventful leave; my usual partners were off-station and I didn't want to spend the bits on a hussy. I was halfway through my third drink and was starting to feel pretty good when she walked in.

She was a Kithkra, a feline species we'd encountered a century ago. Her fur was the luxurious, shining orange of youth. She was wearing black boots that came up to her well-muscled thighs and clinked with chains and other adornments. I glanced at her right ear. Young indeed. It bore the piercings of the Kithkran coming-of-age ceremony, and they were still bleeding. She had five rings in, though, where most had only four. I also noticed her right eye glowed bright blue. "She's a cy," I thought to myself. Most of her kind eschewed cybernetic modification.

As soon as she walked through the door, she clicked off her holographic top, revealing her small breasts, the tips of pink nipples poking through her fur. Though this wasn't really a topless bar, as long as you didn't engage in actual copulation, the management tended to look the other way if you decided to embrace your species' clothing customs. Kithkrans generally wore no clothes, aside from combat armor, but dressed when in human-majority areas. Our species seems to be one of few who get the ickies when exposed to the genitalia of others.

She kept on her boots and loincloth, however. Not that the latter covered much. It was a silver chain that rode her hips, holding up in the front a thin strip of leather, covering only her pussy. In back, I knew it would be a longer piece snugged up directly under her tails, covering what was bound to be a well toned butt. Thin, light yellow stripes paralleled the chain, drawing the eye along her hips towards her crotch.

She had an aggressive stance that caused the rest of the room to pretty much pretend she wasn't there despite her relatively short stature. I think the long knife handle in her boot helped with that. She strode over to the bar, her movements causing the front piece of her loincloth to barely sway to the side, providing me a momentary glimpse of her mound. It glistened.

I realized she must have quite literally just come from the ceremony naming her an adult, and she was in heat and on the prowl. The fifth earring and her cybernetics marked her as an outsider to her people, a station in life I could identify with. Asteroid mining is a lonely profession.

The cat girl sat down and ordered something; I missed what. I know enough of the language to know if I'm being swindled in a business deal, but I definitely can't hold a conversation in it. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was young and sinewy, her fur looked gloriously soft, her two tails were a huge turn on for me, as was the fact that she was a cy. I am definitely a xenophile.

The girl took a drink and looked up, noticing that I was about the only one in the bar looking right at her. Her lips curled way back and she opened her mouth a bit, showing her bright teeth in a menacing snarl. I kept her gaze and bared my own teeth.

Her snarl lessened a little and her eyes narrowed. She seemed surprised, which was reasonable. It was unlikely any human had ever responded to a show of aggression from her with anything but a bowed head. We are a soft people.

I kept her gaze still as I finished my drink and waved the bartender over. I ordered another round and told him I'd pay for the Kithkran's tab. I then let her see my gaze travel slowly down her body before I returned to what I was doing before she'd walked in: keeping an eye on the screens for anything interesting.

–

I was halfway through drink five when I saw the young feline get up and began making her way over to me. I chose not to notice it until she was standing next to me, arms crossed over her bare chest, tails flicking behind her. Christ, I could smell her. The slightly sweet musk of a Kithkran in heat is an intoxicating aroma, not that I needed more intoxication.

I waited a moment longer until I heard a low rumble in her throat before I looked away from the screen and slowly, casually, even disinterestedly, met her stare. Her left eye was as iced as a comet, while her implant was now shining a bright red. I cocked my head to the side just a touch, setting off a string of indicator lights down my neck, to show her I too was a cy, trying to put her at ease.

It didn't really work. "Explain your actions, man." The last word came out with a snarl, as an epithet. Her breathing was heavy, though controlled. Whether from her obviously unsatiated needs or from anger, I couldn't say.

I simply shrugged and told her "You looked like you were having a rough day. Thought it might help."

"What hssss do you mean?" Her nose crinkled up when she hissed and she left the tips of her quite sharp teeth visible.

I then did something truly imbecilic. I mean orders of magnitude stupider than anything I had ever done. I can't say whether the alcohol had given me balls of steel or brains of rock, maybe both. I reached up and flicked her top earring.

She reared her head back and let out a terrifying yowl, part pain, part rage. The bar was covered in the silence of a crowd that senses a seriously dangerous fight is about to break out. There wasn't a heater in the room that didn't have a hand on it, safety off.

The girl pulled her paw away from her ear and looked at it, the fur slightly stained with fresh blood from the piercing. She looked at me with a gaze that could kill stronger men than I. Before she could pounce and tear my larynx out I simply pointed to her ear and said, with more cool than I should possibly have, "Why aren't you at your Telnma?"

For a moment, time froze. I saw surprise, hate, fear, and sadness flash across her face. She seemed poised on the edge of a knife; on one side was killing me, breaking down in tears on the other. Finally, with her implant dimming back to a soft blue, she sat down next to me, looking sullenly at the bar top. The rest of the patrons heaved a collective sigh and went back to whatever business it was they were engaged in.

"I am not welcome," she said quietly, not looking up. "I wanted a fifth brakta, the rings, to show my strength. It was deemed arrogant." Her tails hung limp behind the chair. "I insisted. The priestess refused, and so I...I assaulted her. Took her needle and pierced it myself. The brakta has not been consecrated, and so I am barred from Telnma." She closed her eyes, her ears drooping noticeably. "I will never be seen as an adult by my people. I cannot go home."

I hadn't expected that reaction, but then again, I don't think I had really considered anything beyond whatever impulse had struck me to flick her earring. I'm not sure I'd expected to live beyond that moment.

I waved the bartender over and gestured vaguely at the furred girl. With that uncanny ESP all tenders seem to have he understood my unclear movement and poured her another of whatever she'd been drinking and set it in front of her. She looked up, scrunched her eyes up and pinched the bridge of her nose for a moment before taking a few deep breaths, then a few deep gulps.

Finally, she looked up. Her biological left eye's bright blue hue pierced me. I could not have looked away had I tried. She asked why I, a human, would know such intricacies of Kithkran culture.

The alcohol stepped back in with those steel balls and stone brains. Well, that and the fact that I could still smell her arousal. Despite her currently crushed mood, her body still craved attention, and my own body was reacting. I stood up and just said, "Come with me to find out." I briefly interfaced with the bar's network and authorized payment of my tab, then turned and left. I had no idea what I was doing. I only knew I needed to spend the night with this ridiculously attractive young cat.

I was making my way back to my ship, with complete tunnel vision, totally unaware if she had followed me out of the bar, but not willing to look back to find out. I thought briefly back to when I had been invited to participate in one of my trading partner's son's Telnma. When a Kithkran comes of age, they basically throw a big friggin' orgy, to prevent exactly what the target of my lust was doing tonight. need it. And shit could those kitties party. I don't normally bat for the other team, but when you're surrounded by two dozen copulating Kithkran and their pheromones, you don't really worry too much about how you get off.

I was broken from my memory of an interesting threesome I'd been in the middle of that night by the heavy click of boots, accompanied by clinking metal. I glanced to the left. There she was, that alien beauty. A solid foot shorter than I was, yet she didn't look like she was at all having trouble keeping stride. She was looking straight ahead, her ears perked up and forward. My eyes traveled down to her toned ass, the furred round side of which I could see, the loincloth only covering it from the back. Her tails were curved upwards and swaying gently as she walked and the cloth was snugged up against the base of them.

She strode with purpose. I grinned, my memory and my eyes causing my member to begin to swell. We walked in silence for a minute before I said "So. Curiosity get the best of you?"

She grinned, fangs showing, and told me, "I hear it killed the cat. I hope it is a worthy opponent." I laughed, but didn't respond otherwise. Her fur looked so soft. I wanted to bury my face in it, to trace every striation with my finger. Grab it up in my hands and hold on to her while I....

We had arrived at the berth housing my ship, whose cabin was my home. I opened the door and stood aside, looking my young companion over. She had a smirk, clearly infinitely confident of herself. The piercings had stopped bleeding, the cold steel glinting in the station's harsh lighting. The girl's boots shone with the dull gleam of well cared-for leather and her orange fur looked like a glowing ember.

The young cat (Jesus, had I really not gotten her name?) walked through my door as though SHE owned the place, like it was her boudoir. She had an air of assertiveness totally unlike the droop-eared kit that had so recently bemoaned her exile, yet different again than the angrily hurt feline who had blustered into the bar and into my world. I was going to have to do something about that.

–

I followed her in, then as soon as my door sealed behind me, I reached up to grab a pipe overhead to balance myself, reared back and placed a boot between her tails on her lower back, and I pushed.

She was an ochre ball of anger. As she fell forward, her tails waved wildly, trying to regain her balance; her arms flailed about, claws clearly out and glinting. She was snarling, and she fucking meant it. She turned as she fell, finally landing on her ass. The front piece of her loincloth was draped over her left thigh, the little cat girl's little pussy wide and waiting. The pink of the skin stood out against the darker orange of her fur around it, which was matted and wet from her own lubrication. It seemed to invite me as it opened just the slightest bit with her heavy breathing. I didn't hide my own arousal, my member rapidly growing into an obvious bulge in my pants.

She saw it; her eyes came unfocused for just a second. But then she was back in control of herself and began getting to her feet, snarling and swearing in her own tongue. I'm probably only half of what she called me.

As she was standing up, I walked quickly over to her and placed my right hand under her chin, my fingers finally finding tactile bliss in the plush ruff about her neck. I squeezed ever so gently as I helped lift her up. I didn't stop once she was standing and picked her up off the floor, then shoved her back against a bulkhead.

"What," she gasped. "What is wrong with you?!" Her breathing was a little raspy, constricted as it was by my hand on her throat.

"What is wrong with me?" I asked. "Why," I said with as wicked a grin I could muster, showing my teeth, "I have a whelp of a litterling who thinks she can walk in to my chambers without so much as a phrase of respect. THAT, young kit, is what is wrong."

Her eyes grew wide, then narrowed suddenly as she decided to try and free herself. She buried her claws in my right arm, eliciting a howl of pain from me. But I did not budge. I stepped closer still, trying to keep her from being able to pull her legs up and kick me off as I had done her.

She opened her mouth, sharp fangs glistening, she hissed at me. I spat in her open mouth, causing her to choke. Her grip didn't lessen on my arm, little trickles of blood running from the punctures her claws had made. I reached up with my left hand and grabbed a hold of the chain that kept her loincloth resting on her hips. I yanked quickly, years of working on heavy machinery- plus a little electronic assistance from my implants- afforded me the strength to break it, pulling the cloth away from her. I tossed it behind me.

Suddenly I let go and she fell to her knees, gasping for air. Her finger's built-in daggers let loose their hold on my arm as well, and I looked down. God, I thought, no matter what the species, a woman always looks best in nothing but boots.

I reached down and wiped my bloodied arm off on the side of her face, streaking her dark orange fur with bright tinges of red. Still trying to regain her breath, she looked up at me. That may have been the single most erotic moment of my life. This young furred alien girl on her leather-booted knees in front of me, her own dried blood on one side of her face, my fresh and still wet blood on the other; her face told of her anger, her fear, her vulnerability and her strength. Her desires to fuck me, to kill me, to break down and cry. To leave, to stay, to submit, to fight.

I made up her mind for her.

I grabbed her by the slightly longer and thicker hair between her ears and tugged her backwards, dragging her to my bedroom. She was kicking the deck plates, trying to get a foothold on a crack between them, a bolt, anything. She cried out with mixtures of howls and hisses, digging her claws once again into my arm.

With my free hand I was undoing my pants, ready to free my throbbing cock and unleash my lust on the girl. I hauled her up by her hair and threw her onto my bed. I thought her implant flashed brighter for a moment; I thought I saw a hint of a smile on her face. She knew this was a game, but was more than willing to play.

I grabbed the Kithkran's ankles and dragged her towards the edge of the bed before flipping her over onto her stomach. I reached forward and grabbed her tails at the base and pulled lightly. The bitch immediately shut up and became as pliable as warm copper. A Kithkran's tails are sensitive, and the complex joint that attaches them to the spine is easily dislocated. Not something my little fighting sex kitten wanted to experience.

I pulled her bare ass up into the air, the fuzzy round cheeks spreading as I did so, revealing her most secret parts to me. Up wafted a heady aroma of a Kithkran in heat tinged with the musk of sweat from our struggles. Her pink pussy shone with wetness, her tight tailhole finally visible to me. I was as hard as I could be. I am solidly an ass man, and something about that ass being covered in soft fur and its backdoor being "accented," if you will, with tails above it made it even sexier.

Momentarily releasing her tails I removed my shirt and finished undoing my pants, my erection finally springing free. I saw her eyes widen as she looked back. I was, though not enormous, hung better than the average Kithkran. For such a beastly species, their cocks are among the smaller of the spacefaring races.

I smacked her ass with a thud deadened by the fur but still enough to make her wince, and said "Turn back around, bitch." She snarled in defiance and began moving away again. Grabbing her tail once more I reached forward and yanked the knife from her boot, cutting both her and it in the process. A shame, I thought to myself. That was a fine piece of leatherwork.

Moving quickly, I placed the flat of the blade against her cunt and pushed. The blade was no doubt body temperature, having been up against her thigh, but I knew she could feel the hint of the edges on her skin. She growled, but stopped moving. I drew the blade upwards, the edges beginning to come in contact with the inside of her ass cheeks. Pulling away, I then just barely placed the tip at her entrance.

She kept growling but had stopped moving. I tugged a little on her tail, trying to pull her backwards while keeping the blade totally still. Her growl morphed into a whine as she fought the twin urges to move back to ease the pain in her tail and move forward to ease the pain on her cunt. Male Kithkrans have rough penises, so vaginal tearing is not unusual, and the female is built for it. The girl moved back very slowly, her own knife just barely beginning to cut into the soft flesh of her pussy.

I removed the blade and slapped her ass with the flat of it, the girl purring at the spank. Finally unable to hold out against my lust any longer, I slowly pushed my cock into her, her purr deepening as I did. I groaned at the incredible feeling. She was extremely tight (probably a virgin, if she had held to custom), yet had been so wet that I slid in with ease. Her vaginal muscles contracted around me, massaging my shaft as I penetrated deep into her, my hips finally making contact with her butt. Knife still in hand, I gripped her hips and pulled back, burying myself into her.

Pulling back out slowly, I looked down. My cock glistened with her lubricant, mixed with a little blood from where I had cut her. For me, blood is an exceptionally powerful aphrodisiac. I backed all the way out, my head popping out and her hole winked quickly shut.

I stayed there for what was surely only a moment, but felt like an age. I had never had a Kithkran this young, probably never had any girl this young. Nor in such a manner. The power I now held over her made me drunk in a way no ingestible chemical ever had. I was taking her for my own pleasure and she now willingly submitted.

Finally, with a grunt, I plunged forward again, eliciting a yelp from her as my balls slapped up against her. I reached forward and carefully played around her breasts with the knife, being careful not to cut. With the other hand I kept her ass spread apart, my eyes locked onto our coupling.

She began bucking her hips, her muscular thighs hitting mine over and over, her tight pussy practically milking my cock. The suction was incredible. I moved my hand and pushed a thumb against her anus. She growled, but I nicked the underside of one of her breasts with the knife, shutting her back up.

"You're fucking mine, kit" I said. She mewled acquiescence. I continued to pound into the wild cat, my cum-heavy balls beginning to pull up as my orgasm approached. I pushed harder into her tailhole with my thumb, the tight entry only slowly yielding to my probing. I pushed until it was buried to the knuckle in her tight asshole, her muscles reacting to the intrusion by squeezing around it. I knew I would have to fuck her in that hole before the night was over.

My balls slapped softly against her furred mound as I fucked her with all I had. She was yowling and bucking wildly against me, nothing but the need to get me deeper driving her. I smacked her ass again with the flat of the knife, the muscular cheeks jiggling only a little.

I slowed my pace for a minute, pulling out so only my head was inside her before slowly pushing back in. The sensation was incredible, her vaginal walls rippling along my length, massaging the length of my shaft, drawing me out. 
