 CHAPTER VI
'ARISTOMACHE & EUPRAXIA'

A gunshot! And not too far away either. Clytemnestra and I both instantly turn to face the direction of the sound, even as the echo rolls around the landscape. The standing stones of the four concentric stone circles block all vision.

I drop my pack and unsling my rifle working the leaver to chamber a cartridge. Clytemnestra is loading hers at the same time. Glancing at one another we creep toward the perimeter of the stone circle. I wince every time Clytemnestra's hooves clip-clop against the hard marble floor.

It feels like an age before we reach the edge of the outermost ring of stones and can peer fearfully into the night. The sun has been down for a good hour now and we have only the bright starlight to see by. Absently I wonder why the nights of this world are so less dark than they should be.

"There," Clytemnestra hisses, pointing.

Yes, I can see now, a light-coloured shape moving in the distance. Maybe a person? I'm glad of my dark red clothing now. Had I been wearing white I'd show up like her. I lie prone and aim down the barrel of my rifle, fixing my aim on the centre of mass.

Seconds tick by. Whoever fired that gun, they are coming this way, I'm certain of it. I have to blink and when I do my vision swims for a moment. My eyes focus again and I know what I see, I'm certain. I glance up at Clytemnestra.

"It's a centaur," I whisper, as loud as I dare.

"Not a centaur, two," she whispers back.

I raise my head a little. She's right! I had been so intent on my aim at the white centaur that I'd completely missed the dark coloured smudge of the other. I'm sure they've not seen us yet. Clytemnestra's dark coat and deep brown skin and my dark red clothes are helping us hide in the shadows of the stones, where these two centaurs are more obvious even in the starlight.

"Far enough, friends!" Clytemnestra's voice booms out and I've never been so grateful that I had good trigger discipline drilled into me at a young age. If my finger had been on the trigger I could easily have fired in surprise.

Both centaurs stop dead, looking about. I glance up at Clytemnestra as she strides into the open, rifle levelled. I quickly take aim again, covering her.

"What were you shooting at?"

The white centaur speaks, clear and clam, "Game only! Put up your gun and call us friend again, friend!"

They are about a hundred yards off, I don't see any weapons in their hands, but unless I miss my guess both have rifles scabbarded at their waists. Clytemnestra lowers her gun, and breaks it, but does not unload it or put it away. I watch carefully as she walks closer to them, and they to her. She puts her arm on the shoulder of each in turn, just as she once did to me, and they both return the gesture as I could not.

I think they talk briefly, but I cannot hear. Now Clytemnestra calls to me, she sounds calm, even happy.

I walk closer. My gun is still in my hands, but not pointed at anything. I'm ready, though, ready to bring it to my shoulder at a moment's notice. The three centaurs stand easy, smiling cheerfully. For the first time in a long time I realise just how big Clytemnestra is. I've always known it of course, but familiarity has a way of dulling one's perceptions until suddenly I am standing amongst three people who could each snap me like a twig.

I look up at their faces, feeling very small and alien. Alien, different, not normal. I wonder if this is how Clytemnestra feels amongst humans? I doubt it, she's too strong willed to let such things bother her. I feel it, though. 

Clytemnestra calls me her companion, she introduces me to these other centaurs, Aristomache and her wife Eupraxia, as though they are old friends. I shouldn't be surprised, isn't that how she acted to me when first we met?

Aristomache is tall, even for a centaur, or so I think. She's more than nine feet I'm sure. Tall, broad shouldered, muscular and full breasted with a strong, Junoesque face given to easy confidence. She has long chestnut red hair and coat and tanned, coppery skin with intricate knotted tattoos that look Celtic to me. Her round breasts are all but bursting forth from a bustier of similar design, but distinct style to Clytemnestra's halter top.

Eupraxia is less tall, and more finely built, slim and lithe with almost no bust at all. In fact, unlike Clytemnestra and Aristomache she clearly feels no need to wear anything to restrain her tiny breasts. No wonder she stood out in the dark so. Her hair and coat are pure white to match her pale skin. A mass of excited white hair boils forth beneath each arm.

Both of them are belted with leather scabbards holding long rifles similar to Clytemnestra's, and Eupraxia has a dead deer thrown over her withers explaining the shot we heard.

"Nice to meet you?" I manage, presently.

I am a little stunned, to say the least. Whatever part of my brain it is that's responsible for sorting the world into the categories of normal and amazing had apparently managed to file Clytemnestra, somehow, as normal without remotely preparing me for the possibility of meeting other centaurs.

Standing here, gazing up at them, somehow I'm no better prepared to deal with the sight than I was when I first saw Clytemnestra.

"A meeting is a blessing," Aristomache smiles, laying her hand on my shoulder like a sack of lead shot.

"You've no need for weapons with us, little one," Eupraxia adds, nodding at my rifle.

I glance at Clytemnestra and she nods. The two newcomers invite us to join them for dinner and, my misgivings rapidly evaporating under a genuine sense of trust about them, I'm glad to accept, as is Clytemnestra. By the time I've dashed back to the centre of the stone circle to retrieve by pack and got back, a not inconsiderable distance, there is a merry little fire burning and all three centaurs are settled around it in a circle.

As is my custom I sit with Clytemnestra, leaning against her warm, hard body.

"We're travelling the world," she says, "Just for the sake of doing it, of seeing new things and meeting new people.

Eupraxia's hands clasp together, "How romantic."

"What about you?" I ask, both for curiosity and for something to say, "We're a long way from anywhere and we haven't seen anyone else out here."

"We're going to cross the mountains," Aristomache points through the stone circle toward where the pass is, "We carry messages for the Grand Master of Zoa."

"Zoa?"

"The land beyond the mountains. That is your destination, isn't it?"

"Well, yes... We just didn't know what it was called. What's it like?"

It's taken me a while to lift my eyes from Eupraxia's almost-flat chest. There's something fascinating about tiny little breasts, something deeply sexy. When I do manage to lift my eyes from Eupraxia's inviting lack of bust I meet her eyes! Orange. Not brown, like Clytemnestra and Aristomache, but pure tangerine. The colour is startling and I'm lost in them for a moment.

"Few know," Eupraxia says, startling me, "Aristomache's mother was a great favourite in the court of Zoa in her youth, but few others have been there. It is a place of fabulous wealth and huge power, or so she said. They know much magic and science there, but guard it jealously."

That certainly excites my interest. It sounds like a fascinating place, depending on how jealously they do in fact guard their knowledge.

Aristomache takes up the thread, "My mother said that she saw things there the like of which exists nowhere else. It was her final wish in life that I see what she had seen, and that I carry her letter to the Grand Master who rules that land."

"I should very much like to see it too," Clytemnestra says, excitedly.

"Zoa is called the 'city on the bridge'. That is just what it is. My mother described it often. There is a lake, long and wide, and over it, a bridge. The bridge is black stone and reaches from one shore to the other, and so wide and long that there is a city on its back. There are homes and palaces and places of business and of pleasure, all built upon the bridge. If you cross the mountains, you will see a sight such as few have." 

Clytemnestra is growing more excited as Aristomache speaks, "You're right, we do mean to cross the mountains, and I for one should love to have such pleasant company for the trip, if you'll consent."

"Provided," I must interject, "You don't mind my slowing you down."

"Gladly," Aristomache beams, "If the road beyond the pass is as difficult as we have been told, you may outpace any of us, in fact."

Oh joy. I wonder how bad this road might be if she thinks I'll make better progress than three centaurs. My train of thought is disturbed by Eupraxia rising to her hooves.

By pure reflex I ask, "Where are you going?"

"I need a pee," she replies carelessly.

Clytemnestra's excited voice pipes up, "Ooh! Can I watch?"

"What?" both the other centaurs look at her.

"I like watching attractive women peeing," she replies matter-of-factly, then adding, for some damned reason,"It's a thing I have."

I can't say I'm surprised. In fact, I've been waiting for Clytemnestra to try and put her, for want of a better word, moves on them. Even I wouldn't have predicted it'd be like this, though.

Eupraxia looks at her for a long moment and then shrugs slightly, "Why not?"

"Can I watch too?" I'm a little surprised at my own courage, but it does sound like fun.

"Why not?" Eupraxia's voice is halfway between laughter and exasperation, "Anyone else? Aristomache do you want to watch me?"

"Alright."

That surprises Eupraxia, "I didn't think you were like that."

"Well... If everyone else is..." she smiles uncertainly.

Eupraxia looks at each of us in turn as though not entirely sure how things came to this point and then just shakes her head. Clytemnestra tells her to turn around and she does.

Eupraxia's long white tail swishes away revealing her sexy equine womanhood, dark amid her white coat. From my brief but extraordinarily attentive study of centaur sexuality I'd say she's at least a bit turned on, whatever else she might think of what we're asking her to do.

Nothing happens. I suppose I can hardly blame her for having difficulty performing for an audience, and the view is nice. Clytemnestra slips a hand into my top, cupping a small breast and squeezing very slightly. Eupraxia spreads her rear legs a little and her sex winks at us.

"I can't go," she whines.

"Patience," Clytemnestra soothes, "Just let it come in your own time."

Another long minute passes. I'm certain that Eupraxia is getting excited and wet. I know I am. Sparkling in the firelight there's a distinct glistening within her lips that was not there before. My fingers slowly massage my centre through my dampening knickers. Now! Yes, there's a trickle from Eupraxia, and almost instantly it grows into a strong arcing jet!

A stream of coruscating pee erupts from between Eupraxia's dark lips. Hissing and splashing it strikes the ground throwing up droplets which spark and twinkle briefly in the firelight before falling back to earth. I inhale the strong, sexy scent, not merely massaging myself now my self stimulation has advanced to real masturbation, while Clytemnestra excitedly gropes at my breasts.

Alas, Eupraxia is finished far too quickly, long before I can finish, that is. Her scintillating stream of pee failing slowly and then ceasing altogether with a few last drops running down her wet sex.

"Look at her!" Aristomache laughs excitedly, pointing I realise, at me!

Eupraxia turns quickly, catching me sheepishly pulling my hand out of my skirt, not quite able to meet her bewitching tangerine eyes.

"She must really have enjoyed the show," Aristomache leers at me, still laughing, "I want to see you pee, little one!"

Eupraxia looks surprised, but masters herself quickly as she takes her place by the fire again. I'm all for it! I jump to my feet and start pulling my clothes off eager to piss for the three centaurs.

All three are watching me closely, Eupraxia is absolutely leaning in to get a better look at my hairy crotch. I wonder of she or Aristomache have seen a nude human before?

I spread my legs quite wide, wider than I normally would and lace my fingers behind my head, giving them all a good look. It's a wonderful, wild exhilarating feeling when I let myself go. I feel hot sexy piss splash out from within me, I feel three deeply attractive women concentrating all their attention on me. There is both amusement and a bit of genuine lust on Aristomache's face. Clytemnestra catches my eye and deliberately licks her lips. Eupraxia seems stunned, unable to believe what she's doing, or what she did.

When I'm finished I stride impudently back to Clytemnestra, not bothering to get dressed again.

"Me next!" she cries excitedly, before I can sit down with her.

In a trice she's up and displaying her lovely sex for us. Her arousal is beyond question, nectar dripping from her slick opening. I've seen her piss often enough of course, and much as I do enjoy it I take the chance to watch our companions.

Eupraxia is perfectly still, her eyes fixed unblinking on Clytemnestra's show. Aristomache is grinning widely, enjoying things more for the novelty than the eroticism, I deem.

"Should I do it too?" she asks when Clytemnestra has finished. "He he! I can't believe I'm going to do it!"

She stands but I stop her just before she can turn around.

"Well then," I interrupt, "I suppose you've never peed on anyone either?"

I dash over and lay my hand on her shapely haunch, "Wanna change that?"

She giggles uncertainly, "On you?"

"All over me!"

"Do it..." Eupraxia's voice is strange, filled with lust and I think even she's a little surprised to hear herself say that aloud.

"Do it!" Clytemnestra cheers, "Do it! Do it!"

Aristomache laughs disbelievingly and tells me to get ready. I take a seat and she turns around pointing her wet womanhood right at me. Of course, nothing happens for a long time. She's no more accustomed to an audience than Eupraxia, I guess, and Clytemnestra's continued encouragement probably doesn't help.

Just when I'm starting to lose hope and feel a bit silly sitting here with my mouth open Aristomache manages a squirt, and then another and now I'm struck by her hot, hot stream. My eyes snap shut and I feel it play across my body. I try to chase it, try to get a taste and succeed in snatching a mouthful here and there as it zooms across my body in an exhilarating, forceful massage. Wet, hot and sexy pee runs in rivulets all down my bare skin, tickling, touching, caressing me.

I'm wet head to toe! I feel her piss running, flowing, dripping all over my body. Aristomache examines her handiwork, hand over her mouth. I glance at our audience, Clytemnestra's clearly having the time of her life and Eupraxia... My word! Naked lust is etched across her, clear as day.

Aristomache finds her voice, "I can't believe I just did that!"

I stand and stride, strut, in fact, to Clytemnestra and we share a lusty, licking wet kiss. Aristomache's gasp is a joy to my ears. Well it's about to get better.

I think Clytemnestra's surprised when all to soon I shake myself free of her and go now to Eupraxia. I was right. There's no lust like a centaur's and she is fully under its spell. There's no hesitation, no second thought as I throw myself into her arms and our lips meet. We kiss for but a moment, though, She's strong, so strong, I am powerless to resist as she acts solely for herself. For her own lust she kisses me, she licks my cheek, my neck, she sucks at my nipples and licks and kisses all across my wet chest and then on down still.

Eupraxia is so clearly thinking only of her pleasure, but I can be patient now as I take my ease on the soft grass and let her have her way with me. Her fingers, her hands, slide all over me, her tongue licks across my wet skin all the while drawing nearer my most intimate treasure.

A soft gasp makes me look around. Clytemnestra and Aristomache are far from idle. The stand side by side, facing opposite directions an each very obviously stimulating the other with her hand. I can see Clytemnestra's skilled fingers at work against Aristomache's pretty quim. I can hear both vocalising the pleasure the other is giving her.

For all that she's not even trying to get me off it's not at all unpleasant to just lie here in the grass and let Eupraxia lick away at me. That's not to say I don't want a little more from her, though. The other two centaurs are becoming more heated, Clytemnestra's fingers are a blur in the firelight. I take Eupraxia's head between my hands, guiding her toward my own desires as well as hers.

"Ooh! Oh yes, good girl, just there! Just there..."

Her lips just brush my pleasure centre, making me squirm and shiver delightedly. I'd bet she's never eaten a human woman before, but I'm certain she's had a lot of practice with someone! She admixes hearty licking of my lips and the moistness within with oh-so-gentle caressing of my excited clitty with her mouth, not enough to make it sore, just enough to drive me wild with lust. Every step builds my excitement just a little higher before letting me level off and hang in luxurious anticipation of the next. She has me sighing my joy, writhing and tearing up little clumped handfuls of grass while always she is flicking, licking, teasing at my rapidly boiling sex.

I force myself against her now. Rocking my hips, holding tight to her forcing her to drive me on to ecstasy. I'm so close! Aristomache noisily gasps through her orgasm and moments later so does Clytemnestra I'm so close! Fucking myself on the centaur's face, her loving tongue meeting every thrust of my hips, lifting me to the pinnacle of joy!

For one instant I am suspended, arched entirely off the ground, muscles taught and mind lost in pleasure-wrought unthinking. I fall, I collapse panting to the ground. Aristomache's soft, lusty chuckles ghosting through my mind.

I open my eyes just in time for Clytemnestra to step over my prone body, a momentarily frighting experience. She takes Eupraxia by the hand and guides her to her stand up, whereupon I scamper from beneath their large bodies and they share a lingering, sensual kiss flavoured with my own nectar.

I sense a presence behind me and in a moment Aristomache's equine chest is pressed to my neck. Her hands snake around me, cupping my small breasts and I lean back into her.

"Eeek!" I squeal in shock as she effortlessly hoists me up, cradled like a child in her arms.

She's absolutely still chuckling at my fright! I throw my arms around her and at that she kisses me. A hard, hungry kiss as strong and irresistible as everything about her.

"Ooh! Look at that," she half whispers, half laughs into my ear, moving her arms to point me back toward our friends.

Clytemnestra and Eupraxia are back to back. Slightly offset and each forcing herself against the other, tribbing herself on the other's powerful haunch. Clytemnestra is clearly pinching at her own nipples, pinching, rolling and pulling more forcefully than I'd ever dare, even knowing ho much she likes her nipples mistreated. Eupraxia's hands are on her equine back, her head is thrown back and she utters little gasping sighs of pleasure with every stroke of their lovemaking. 

"Mm," I sigh, "I wish I could do that with her."

"And I wish I could do that!" Aristomache nods down at me, at my hand working away at my sex.

"Well, if you want, I could do it for you?"

She kisses me again, just as hard before setting me down so I can dash back to her waiting honeypot. So wet! So very very wet, winking and opening wide, rivulets of tempting juice running from her big horse cunt. This is no time for subtlety or finesse. I dive right in, planting a long slurping, sucking lick all the way up that sexy, drippy mess. Her body flinches at my sudden, rough stimulation and then she twitches her broad backside, forcing herself against me with such eagerness that I am almost knocked down.
