 I felt cool, minty breath on the back of my neck and hands pushing me closer to the stranger. Taking the hint, and not needing much of an excuse to ball an ebony babe like this, I slid into her pussy and began actively fucking her on the table ... bareback, too, as no one even mentioned condoms in this frenzy. The stranger reacted by making out feverishly with me, her tongue invading my mouth while my dick plundered her cunt. I noticed the wedding band on her finger, but it was a little late to worry about that. Besides, for all I knew, she was poly like me.

This frantic, furious pounding continued for several minutes, my cock taking a woman anonymously in front of many of wives. My strokes only quickened in pace, as did the highly fuckable stranger's, her breaths coming in shallow as I ravished her body. She began moaning and panting, while her juices flowed so freely that they slid down to soak and stain her panties at her ankles. When she came, she came three times in rapid repetition, tiny orgasms that nearly made her collapse. Right then, balls deep inside a woman that I had never met before in my life, whose name I still didn't know, I shot my load perilously close to her cervix ... if she was fertile, she would be knocked up for certain.

"Pleasure to meet you, Mrs... ," I alluded to her wedding band.

"Dr. Anne Higgins. Sorry to be so aggressive, but I wanted payback for my groom's secret double life after finding out about it this afternoon. Seems he fucks a lot of married ... white women. Okay, I love him and I want to keep him, I don't deny that ... but I need to get some of my own. He can deal with it or he can leave, though I'm still in love with him, so I hope for our marriage's sake that he deals with it. When I saw how much of a ... popular fellow you are with your women, I thought of you as the perfect candidate to get some strange booty. If white pussy is reason enough for Donald to stray, white cock is good enough for his bride. Plus ... well, I was full of insatiable lust right then. Heat of the moment. You know the feeling, I can see that," Anne laughed rather charmingly.

"Smart as well as sexy, are you? What kind of doctor?" I asked as we rose and I saw the cum dripping from her snatch that she showed no intention of cleaning up.

"I'm an obstetrician/gynecologist. Donald is an editor of a newspaper, the Pacific Northwest Gazette ... He's also very active in his spare time with the Nation of Islam. Donald Muammar. We have significant religious differences, and frankly, Donald could do a lot better, but this is what he wants. I just wonder if sometimes we're too different from each other to make it work. I wanted ... an unconventional marriage. He wouldn't hear of it. I pointed out that both he and I are highly sexual people and would have a hard time being faithful, but he insisted upon monogamy. I agreed on three conditions: he would be as faithful to me as I was to him; he would have to satisfy me sexually; and he would have to agree to knock me up at least three times. I want to have children, whether from him or someone else.

"Well, I don't agree with his racial views, but at least I thought that it would keep him from straying with white women after his conversion. Yeah, before that, he was very fond of white girls, particularly blondes. I wouldn't mind that if he is honest with me and didn't neglect me ... or do any wrong by their men, if they're involved. I also wanted to believe that picking me to wed meant that he could enjoy a black woman, too. I truly thought that our love and passion were real, in spite of our troubles. This would make worthwhile, right?" Anne clarified as we got dressed at last, though I observed that she still didn't clean up.

"Come with me to my suite and we can talk this over more while watching the others and letting my cock recover," I invited her.

"Absolutely, honey. I have so much more to say, you see," Anne agreed, her hand on my ass as we traveled up to my suite ... the others also fondling me ... and even her, as we headed on upward ... while many people gawked at us on the way.

"See and do, I imagine," Tamara laughed, unable to avoid a comeback that made the ladies snicker ... including Anne herself.

We walked in to find that Katrina had fed some of her pills to Gilbert and was now riding him for a third time. He seemed about ready to die, but he also appeared to be in his own private paradise. Beads of sweat poured down his face, but she wasn't letting him up for anything. He was actually tied, spread-eagled, on his back, with his cock impaling Katrina as she bounced vigorously on it. Her naked, swarthy buns were on full display, much to my delight. Her body jerked more than once as she reacted to his balls emptying into her slit.

As for Dave, he was buried far inside Stephanie, pounding her hard from behind at the suite's vanity, with a sheen of perspiration on his forehead as well, suggesting that she had put him through his paces, too. No one could deny that she was well-fucked, too, given the gratified look on her face, one that seemed almost otherworldly in its bliss ... she had already cum more than once, it was very clear to me, and I witnessed the change of expression on her face as Dave spurted his load within her cunt, sending his sperm into a race to find their egg in a hurry.

Mandy was no slouch, either, as proven by the way that she took it on all fours on the floor, with Anton ramming deeper on each stroke inside her twat. She met him with equal ardor and really welcomed his thick cock to drive it home within her snatch. She didn't hesitate to gush and scream as she felt her orgasm hit her ... and then she clenched her muscles to milk his cock for as much seed as she could get from him. He concentrated hard as he came, both of them creaming together with satisfaction.

I wasn't shocked to see that Max had already screwed Shelby halfway into tomorrow and had moved on to take Josie. He must have had a good dose of the pills or something, because he didn't show any signs of slowing as he reamed the lovely French-Canadian ginger for all that she could take. Shelby didn't help him resist any more than she aided Josie, as her tongue moved freely between his ass and hers, rimming both with equal hunger ... her oral favors to both her legal husband and her assistant not abating until the inevitable happened. First Josie came, rather messy in fact, her pussy soaking Max with her lady juices and prompting him to release next. His jizz leaked out in a surprisingly generous amount, considering that he had already taken Shelby and, before her, Luis.

"Holy smokes ... he's... ," Anne exclaimed.

"Black, bald, and beautiful, baby," Shelby assured her before kissing Max passionately on the mouth.

"Is she ... how do I put it? A... ," Anne started to ask.

"Look for yourself. See any Queen of Spades on me?" Shelby invited Anne, who began admiring her pale, naked body, which still wouldn't tan.

"Nope ... not a sign of it. Oh, my ... you fucked him, but you also fuck the others?" Anne probed.

"God, yes. For the record, Max is my husband ... my legal husband. Yes, I married him. We're sort of in a group marriage, but Max is my official spouse under the laws of the State of Oregon. I adore him, but I also feel that way about the others. See the tattoo that I do have?" Shelby pointed out the tattoo which proclaimed my ownership of her booty.

"Who is Uncle Mark?" Anne inquired, genuinely curious.

"Mark here. Mark Schumacher, my uncle by blood. My father's brother, as it happens. Also the main husband and head of the household ... of the family. The big boss, so to speak. Yes, I'm my uncle's lover, one of many of his. Oh, and Max and Mark are together, too ... yes, all of the men are involved with each other, as are all of the women, and of course, the men and women together. This is a big, happy family ... a pansexual, polygamous, D/s, and incestuous tribe. By the way, Jeanne and Erica, they're transwomen ... they're taking hormones to develop breasts and other feminine traits. It's what they want, so we're happy for them, plus it is rather hot," Shelby clarified.

"And you ... you fuck them all, and still have the energy to screw me bow-legged? Christ, man, you belong in the world records as some kind of real-life satyr ... Priapus walking among us!" Anne laughed as she planted a very fervent kiss on my lips.

"Yeah, he's really like a fertility god or something," Ninve interjected while rubbing her clit this whole time.

"Katrina's pills are helping, of course," I admitted.

"Only to an extent. You still did a remarkable job, even without it, though you nearly killed yourself that one day," Sandra observed, "I'm a pharmacist. I would know. You only improved somewhat with the pills. The rest is all you, baby."

"I seem to recall two lovely Assyrian lionesses who guarded their lion rather fiercely that night," I smiled with some nostalgia.

"You're the man that we love most and the father of our children. We couldn't stand by and let them fuck you to death, no matter how pleasant an end it was. You're a man, not a rat ... and we needed you," Ninve pointed out.

"Not to mention how generous he is. He's given far more than he has taken. It was time to give something back to him and we gladly did so," Sandra added with a mix of compassion and logic.

"Oh, I should tell you something. Mark is my brother ... my younger brother, and yes, he's also my husband in my eyes, at least. He's married to all of us, honey ... he really does have a bond to each of us that is hard to explain," Rachel cut in.

"He's my husband by law, but he's our husband at heart. I married him partly because I wanted the distinction of being his first wife, but also for the legal benefits, and ... well, I'll let Nydia explain this part," Cherry turned to her daughter.

"She's my mother ... and my sister-wife. He's not just my husband, but my stepfather as well. I wanted badly to fuck a father figure, and since Daddy is gay, that left a stepfather ... Mark, whom I often call Daddy, as well. It's such a serious delight ... a taboo thrill ... and yes, I fuck my mother, too, but I enjoy calling her Mommy during the act. Mark and I were actually intimate before he got involved with Mom, but I have never opposed the idea ... quite the opposite, of course ... and he especially loves to fuck my ass, which I revel in doing, particularly while wearing my thigh-high boots. He's warned me that he'll still be fucking my ass when I'm sixty, and I've chosen to take that as a promise, not a threat," Nydia grinned at Anne, but winked at me.

"I was his supervisor when he fucked me," Ninve declared.

"Same here," Ana said, laughing as Teresa said the exact same thing five seconds later.

"He knocked up Ninve and I at the same time, or roughly the same," Sandra remarked.

"He fucked me in a closet at a restaurant where I waited tables the first time, and I gave him my panties ... my soaking wet panties," Lucy admitted.

"He took on Jannat and me in the dressing room at a maternity wear store," Ashley blushed.

"Oh, God, that was the best thing ever ... especially because I knew that he's Jewish. It was such a turn-on to fuck a Jew instead of the handpicked husband intended by my parents or that asshat ex-boyfriend of mine," Jannat licked her lips at that reminder.

"He's a Jew, is he?" Anne snickered, and then coughed.

"What's the big deal there?" Heather chimed in.

"Are you kidding? That's incredibly delicious, because Donald is all about how Zionism is such a plot against the black community and an enemy of Allah. Bunch of bullshit, of course. Easy to forget how many early civil-rights activists were Jews, I guess. Anyway, the fact that I nailed a man from a people that my wayward hubby can't stand ... well, I'm already amused that he digs Natalie Portman, since I know that she's Jewish. He jacks off to her all of the time, especially when he doesn't think that I'm watching him. Part of me hopes that I get knocked up by Mark now. Would serve Donald right, all things told," Anne laughed seductively.

"That can be arranged," Ninve spoke up again.

"Well, I know for a fact that he's impregnated at least four married women, though I'm not clear how much their husbands knew before the births. If they didn't before, they do now. Poetic justice, perhaps, though I'm not sure if Donald would go berserk or just plain homicidal," Anne smirked a little, "Don't get me wrong. I love my husband in spite of his flaws, but he needs to grow up about some things. A pity he's not more like Max here. Max seems very responsible and smart, not to mention level-headed."

"Thank you, ma'am," Max grinned, " I aim to please."

"I bet that you hit what you aim, too," Anne flirted more brazenly with him.

"In more ways than one, babe," Max teased her a bit more.

"I think that perhaps you two need to get it on now ... you have two much sexual chemistry not to explore," I encouraged Max and Anne, gathering wide grins from both of them.

"I like the way that you think, Mark," Anne told me, getting on her knees in front of Max and sucking him for what he was worth.

At this point, I seized Ana by the hand and led her into the shower with me. Running the water immediately, I reacted sharply to the cold, but I loved seeing how erect her nipples became as I slipped my fingers into her cunt, playing shamelessly with her bald pussy. She moved desperately back at me with her hips, clearly in need of my cock far inside her. I was more than happy to oblige, and pretty soon, her moans rivaled those of Anne, despite the fact that the good doctor was getting it hard from Max. Ana started shouting something, first in English, followed by Spanish, and then in her people's tongue, which I had never realized could be sexy prior to that context. Still, coming from Ana's mouth ... and her throat, that language had a very sensual connotation, especially as I caressed her yellowish-brown skin and felt the delights of her warm, wet snatch.

I fucked Ana for several more minutes as she became as heated from the sex as from the water, her body slick as the jets continued to hit our flesh and we rinsed off during the act. She thrust back at me with many eager strokes, her hips moving frantically as I rammed her as far inside her pussy as I could put my dick. As I bottomed out, Ana screamed and shivered, her juices flowing even freer with her orgasm. I lost it, helped along not only by the delicious sound of my sweet Filipina wife's pleasure, but also the words that now came to her lips...

"Mark, I'm fertile, baby ... give it to me! Knock me up!" Ana shouted, as I slammed back into her cunt ... bareback, unprotected, and quite ready to make her conceive.

My cum shot out into Ana with about four or five ropes, my sperm dashing all the way toward her cervix, ready to move past into her womb. With any luck, those swimmers would reach their finish line and fertilize at least one egg, maybe more. All that I knew was that the very idea of impregnating Ana was more than enough to push me over the brink and trigger my release. I turned her lithe body around and gave her a very passionate kiss after I withdrew from her twat, my hands lovingly fondling her flesh.

Then I started soaping Ana up and she smiled as she placed her head on my shoulder. I put my arms around her and stroked her long, jet-black hair as she leaned into me. After a minute or so of this, I resumed washing Ana's body and she responded with several sighs of apparent satisfaction. It was clear that she adored me as much as I cared for her, though neither of us was the monogamous kind, hence the other spouses for both of us. She started cleaning me next, after which we rinsed and dried off, our naked bodies now joining the others in the room ... and right into a trap.

Donald Muammar stood there with a gun to Max's head and Anne was visibly shaken. He made it clear from his body language that he was furious about Anne screwing another man, despite his own indiscretions. Max had understandably pissed himself, but so had Anne. The others were very terrified, waiting to see if I could reason with the man.

I took one step toward Donald and he turned the piece on me. It was a 9mm Glock automatic from the looks of it, probably stolen from the staff, since the cruise line had a strict "no guns" policy for guests on board the ships (understandable even to me, despite my staunch support of the Second Amendment). I held up my hands and he looked notably enraged. He looked me straight in the eye, as if trying to read my soul.

"You white devil, you defiled my wife, didn't you? 'Fess up before I send you to meet Allah. Tell it all to me now!" he shouted, while I approached him with my hands still up, trying to cool things down by not threatening him directly.

This only seemed to infuriate Donald, who now squeezed the trigger and fired three shots at me, while Ana stood behind me in paralyzed horror. One thing was clear about Donald ... he was no marksman. I was lucky in that much. He only hit me on the third round, the bullet slamming into my chest and knocking me over.

I heard screams and more shots as security finally broke into the suite and subdued Donald, while Anne wept openly with terror, grief, and remorse. She hadn't done anything that her husband hadn't done, but she still felt guilt, as it turned out later, that her revenge had put me in danger. In fact, I could hear snippets of discourse as I soared above my body for a moment ... and then a familiar face drove everyone and everything else away right then.

Marcy ... Marcy Swenson, Shelby's mother: she, too, floated in the ether, waving toward me. She evidently wished to speak to me again. I smiled and flew toward Marcy, both of us looking down at the carnage below. She looked briefly sad for a bit ... but only for a time. Then she took my hand and looked me in the eye.

"Go back, Mark. It's not your time to die. They want you back on Earth for now," Marcy assured me.

"I'm gonna need to recover quite a bit, but, yes, I think that you're right," I agreed, but not until after I caressed her cheek with my hand.

"You have work still to do. However, this, too, was meant to take place. You had to die for a moment to see the other side of things, to look beyond the veil of this Cosmos. They wanted me to tell you that. I have seen this event many times in the future, but now it is the present. I remained behind to come to your aid ... and my daughter's, too," Marcy explained to me.

"Then ... you know it all," I stated baldly.

"I know that you and my daughter are lovers, yes. Among many lovers ... trust me, I know and I have no issue with that. Neither does Heaven. It's not at all the way I was taught, you see. I am glad that she's happy ... and that you're happy. You matter more than you realize. Heaven has chosen you, Mark, just as it chose me," Marcy said with a kiss to my lips ... wait, how did I still have lips without a body?

"It's all in your head, Mark. Yes, I can read your thoughts. Your mind conceived of an ethereal body for itself on this astral plane of existence. As for me, well ... how do I put this? I'm not a ghost or phantom ... I'm your guardian angel, for lack of a better term. I could have gone on, but they offered me this chance to remain at your side and I agreed, both for your sake and for Shelby's. I helped influence your choices to bring you back together ... even, crazy as it sounds, your decision to fuck Anne. Yes, I can say that word. Heaven doesn't give a shit about profanity," Marcy continued, much to my shock.

"Do you have wings?" I blurted, suddenly feeling silly for asking that.

"Oh, Mark, I love your kinky mind! I really do. Yes, I have wings, but they're concealed for now. Don't feel silly for asking that. You just want to fuck an angel. Can't say that I blame you. You're far from the first man with that fantasy, hence that cute little film with Emmanuelle Beart, Date with an Angel. Even dead, you're quite the character. Just remember that your family is torn up and very upset over your loss, so the sooner you return to your body, the better," Shelby reminded me of what was transpiring on Earth.
