 Most of them settled down a bit, except Natasha, who began fucking Donald's ass herself, clearly enjoying the fact that she was now returning the favor and giving it to him as hard as he gave it to her. Whatever else she might be, Natasha wasn't strictly a woman. It was part of her sexuality, but only part of it. She liked having masculine and aggressive traits as well. I got the impression that right then, Nathan was more in evidence than Natasha, his alter ego.

For my part, my cock was buried once more in Nydia's asshole, just as it should be, with my sweet, kinky slut wearing her trademark thigh-high boots as I rammed it home inside her. While I drove it far inside her, however, I felt a bit of lube on my sphincter as a cock entered me from behind, taking my butt for its owner's pleasure. It was clearly a real dick, too, not a dildo. Meanwhile, Cherry fed her daughter her tits and welcomed the lips sucking on her nipples for dear life. She nursed hungrily, drinking her mother's milk while I shoved my cock into Nydia's booty.

"Damn, Mark, baby, you're even more of a stud than you were before the gunshot!" Ninve exclaimed as she kissed my mouth.

"Yeah, and Luis apparently agrees, hence his decision to fuck your ass!" Sandra declared, adding a kiss of her own.

I felt a surge of power within me, in fact, another reminder that I wasn't in my old body ... not exactly. It was a renovated model, so to speak, with a number of modifications designed to improve my performance. Why I didn't enjoy being dead and knowing that my harem missed me, coming back and giving them the pleasure of my prowess was more than worth the temporary grief, especially as I got to meet Marcy again.

The news that Luis opted to sodomize me instead of anyone else was rather flattering, too, in a way. I later found out that the attraction was my ... bearishness, as he put it. He admitted to finding my body hair and my beard rather appealing. Granted, I tended to prefer twinks, but male-on-male attraction could run the gamut, as I have learned over time. If Luis found me attractive and wanted to nail my butt, I was fine with that, just as I enjoyed slamming it into Nydia from behind and taking her sweet ass. The feeling of his hard prick up against my prostate didn't hurt, either.

Nydia's slick, lubricated bottom found wonderfully tight and hot as she squeezed my cock with it, which she always did whenever I used her tush. She never seemed to be indifferent to my dick back there, though she often complained a bit much about the pain before she realized how much she loved it. She wasn't pretending to hate it anymore, of course. By now, she welcomed every inch of my cock far inside her asshole, ravaging her for our shared pleasure. Her hips met my thrusts at every turn, while she continued to suck harder on her mother's tits, enjoying the experience of being nursed and buggered at once.

In the meantime, Natasha came at last inside Donald, leaving her messy load to leak onto the bed from his asshole, while the camera caught every moment of the release. By now, Donald wasn't recognizable as quite the same man, having been taken and used in both holes as well as having cum inside her. When she leaned over to French kiss Donald and rubbed her cock against his, he squirmed a bit, but his cock stayed hard and didn't soften for several minutes longer. Donald seemed to be a bit unnerved by having a sex tape like this, engaged in gay and CD sex, but at this point, it was a moot point. He had enjoyed it and everyone here knew it. He had no secrets left from anyone who mattered. Still, old closet case habits seemed to die hard.

Luis unloaded in my butt, letting me feel the slimy contents of his balls in my backdoor, not to mention the sensation of his jizz as it coated my insides and oozed out of my bunghole. I now released my own spunk in Nydia's bottom, letting her experience the same creamy reminder that her ass was mine, not her own. I turned her around and practically stuck my tongue down her throat as we made out and I reassured her with my passion that she would indeed still get my dick in her booty when she was old enough to retire. She needed to remember that I didn't and wouldn't abandon any of my ladies, including her ... What we had, it was a very permanent, but hardly exclusive, thing.

I couldn't help but taste some of Cherry's breast milk on Nydia's lips and tongue as we swapped spit, giving my legal wife the thumbs-up in response as I shared such a searing hot kiss with my stepdaughter. When Cherry grabbed my face and slipped me some tongue, I gladly returned the favor, even while groping her daughter's very fuckable body. I was amused and startled at how quickly my cock recovered, but then I reminded myself that I wasn't merely human anymore. I was something else and we all knew it. No one who came back from the dead was exactly normal, now was he?

"Daddy, please ... I can tell that Mommy wants to get fucked in the ass, just like me," Nydia urged, to which I responded by inching my cock straight from her butt to her mother's.

"Oh, God, honey! Take it! Take my ass just like you took Nydia's ... fuck me hard in the rear ... use it, remind me that it's yours again!" Cherry begged for me to sodomize her, which I was more than happy to do.

If Nydia's tight booty was very pleasurable to claim and ravage, her mother's was every bit as hot and enjoyable. My thrusts were, once again, met with maximum cooperation from my sexy spouse, who left no doubt to any observers that she still enjoyed marital sex with me, including of the anal variety. She never seemed to tire of my dick in her bottom, stretching and gaping it, just as her daughter welcomed the same experience in spite of her protests to the contrary. It was a truly invigorating encounter as always, with my cock pounding her sweet cougar ass without any mercy and she craved even more of me deep inside her.

By this point, the captain, security head, and Stephanie were back to retrieve the tape, and they all watched the action as I slammed my wife with my dick further up her butt. They all chuckled and the two men started jerking off to the sight, while Stephanie played with her own clit. I had another sex tape in progress now, with a very enthusiastic audience that seemed to really want to join in the action. Their thoughts struck me, the degree of lust almost unbelievable as they saw me ramrod my legal spouse up her heinie. I knew that they wanted to get fucked, so I cleared my throat and looked into the camera to give instructions.

"I have many wives, guys. You've had Stephanie and she's delicious, but if you want to sample a new course, there are plenty of lovers from which to choose. Men, women ... even a drag queen. Some are mine, some are their own, and some belong to someone else, but everyone's sharing today, aren't we?" I observed as I ravaged Cherry's asshole.

"Hell, yeah, we are!" Lucy spoke up, bending over for the captain.

"Me, too, honey," Ashley invited the head of security to take her from behind.

"Damn, I have to go for some of that!" the captain began sliding into Lucy's twat, much to her joy, as evinced by her lively hip movements in response.

"Think that I can refuse, either?" the security chief asked rhetorically, as he started fucking Ashley on all fours on the carpet.

Seeing all of this, especially once Nydia began to breastfeed her own mother, Cherry now lost all pretense of self-control and squirted while I sodomized her. I emptied my load after bottoming out once more in Cherry's sweet ass, my slimy jizz now coating my dick as it slipped out of her sphincter. Yet again, I took satisfaction in knowing that my wife and stepdaughter had shared me, a genuinely taboo thought in most circles, though it was the new norm around us. Nydia and I had actually been lovers before I first hooked up with her mother, which was the reverse of the expected situation, but then they were lovers as well ... each other's. This was made obvious by the hunger or thirst with which Cherry sucked her daughter's tits.

"Holy smokes, are they...?" Luis asked me with shock, but no arousal, since he was gay.

"Mother and daughter? Yes, they are. You should see them rim each other, too. God, it's delicious!" I grinned as I French-kissed both of the aforementioned ladies in front of everyone.

"We're both pregnant by him, too," Cherry added, winking at Ninve, who still held the camera.

"Okay, now, I want Anne to grab Gilbert and fuck him right here on camera. Cowgirl-style, looking into his eyes. Katrina, sit on his face. Clearly, he loves your pussy best, after all. Pin him down and use him where we can catch it on film," I directed three of my partners.

"Fuck, yes!" Katrina shouted as Anne and she teamed up to push Gilbert down to the ground for a serious romp on the floor.

Gilbert was serious fuckmeat now, and he knew it, but it was evident that he didn't mind this at all. On the contrary, he craved being used and made Anne's and Katrina's bitch for their pleasure. They didn't shy away from riding him greedily, either. Their bodies writhed in ecstasy as did his with this rather femdom-oriented threesome, the ladies doubtlessly in charge of it. Even if he wished to complain, which judging by his thoughts and actions, he didn't, he wasn't really able to say anything with Katrina sitting on his face and making him eat her pussy while Anne bounced on his cock.

If Donald thought that he was forgotten, he was very wrong, because I tapped Teresa on the shoulder and pointed to him, after which I turned to Ana. She had a wicked grin on her face and I nodded, sensing that it was indeed payback time for her. We laughed as Ana grabbed a strap-on dildo with a thigh harness and Teresa planted herself on Donald's cock to get him inside her pussy. Once Teresa was safely mounted on Anne's husband, her friend Ana took the dildo, with a small amount of lube applied to it (the cum already there helping as well), and simply rammed his asshole with the vibrating dong. Teresa and she kissed fiercely for several seconds as they shared their power over their captive.

Donald howled for several minutes until Rachel sat on his face, riding his mouth for the sheer thrill of using him for vicarious payback against Hershel. I had to admit to myself that seeing Donald get his body used in such a fashion was more than a little stimulating to me, and I was already feeling rather lusty, anyway. Whatever happened with this new corporeal shape that I had been given, it might have looked like my old body, but it wasn't my previous form at all. That shell was gone and in its place was this vessel that I now occupied, which seemed to have plenty of stamina and other gifts, especially in the bedroom.

I wanted my dick clean enough to fuck someone, so I thought of a wet washcloth and then it appeared. I was a bit amazed by this, but then I recalled that I have a new body with mysterious powers to which Marcy alluded while I was dead. I then moved the washcloth with my mind and used it to clean my dick, at which point I seized Heather by the waist and pushed her over the ottoman. Instead of complaining, she pressed her sexy ass back at me with her hips and I had to do my level best not to dry hump her right then and there. Instead, I slid two fingers inside her pussy and probed her a little before slipping her my thick cock, which I now noted had another inch or two at least in length.

Before anyone knew what was what, I was balls deep inside Heather and taking that sweet, dirty blonde cougar for all that she was worth. I fucked her for several damn good strokes, pulling her long hair and feeling the intensity with which she enjoyed the rough sex going on between us. There was never any real doubt for either of us that this was the life ... she had decided that Sunday that she wanted to be mine and she had never looked back. Of course, it hadn't hurt that I already had her daughters ... all three of them, in thrall (and if, by now, you think that Erica is still her son, you haven't caught up to the extent of her feminization) ... then again, the spell was mutual, I dare say, in each case. I was as charmed by them as they were by me, just as was true with all of my other partners.

Speaking of the daughters, two of them were cumming pretty loud and well, so much so that I could have heard Lucy and Ashley screaming their climaxes on the other end of the cruise ship. Clearly, the captain and security chief knew their stuff, much to my relief, as I would have hated to see them frustrate my sweet girls. The ladies deserved the best, since they were mine, after all, and only on loan to the aforementioned fellows. When Stephanie licked their dicks clean, I could hear several men and women audibly gasp, given the extent of her apparent attention to such important matters ... she was very much a dedicated employee indeed.

By now, Rachel and Teresa also came, as indicated by their moaning, followed by Heather, who tightened on my cock, squeezing it like a tube of toothpaste for my seed. I shot out my load about the same time that Donald released his into Teresa's cunt and Ana screamed her own orgasm at last. We all nearly collapsed, but, in the interests of courtesy, I took only a quick breather and formally introduced our distinguished guests.

"Captain Tokutomi Yanagi, the skipper of our ship, in fact, ladies and gentlemen, our most notable guest of all. I am honored to have had the chance to host him here in this suite. This fellow here, of course, is none other than our chief of cruise security, Aengus Bryne. Unmistakable chap, to be sure. Now, Anne, you probably should go ahead and untie poor Donald. He's had a bit of a session, to put it mildly, but it's time for everyone to kick back and take a break. I might be indestructible now, but the rest of you mere mortals have other needs besides sex, so let's chill for a bit and watch a movie ... and no, I don't mean that kind. In fact, turn off the camcorder for now, Ninve and sit on my lap ... Sandra, at my feet as always, where you belong, my sweet," I commanded, no one mistaking my words for requests...

"Then I shall return to my office. Nice as this has been, I have work to do," Bryne declared, making his boss cough.

"Yes, that's me, too. Looking forward to more, of course, all in good time," Yanagi stated...

Meanwhile, Jannat started the popcorn and we settled in for a lengthy veg-out session ... watching the latest edition of the Hobbit ... more proof than ever of how surprisingly mundane and domestic even I could at moments like these ... it was about more than lust, after all. I really loved my partners ... every last, amazing individual of them, male and female alike. I was living proof of just how much one could love at one time ... much more even now than before, due to my transformation ... I was no longer simply a man, after all, but just what had I really become?