 Author's Note: I want to offer up a huge thanks to everyone who has read the first part of Myka's Tail, and an extra thanks for those who gave me suggestions and advice on how to make my writing better. I apologize for the long wait for part two, but life has a way of telling you that it is in charge. Be that as it may, here is the next installment for your enjoyment, and more will follow, and probably faster now that things have settled down for my partner and I. Anyway, thanks again to you all, and I love you lots!

******

Do you know what the best thing is about being part cat? Prowling! The silent movement and the patient waiting as you slowly move in for the kill. Done right, the poor victim never sees it coming, and you walk away victorious in the hunt. I had been prowling this morning, just waiting for that perfect opportunity, and it was laid out here in front of me. Kelli had thrown off her covers in the night and was on her side with one knee up in the air nearly exposing her gorgeous pussy to me, and I was hungry. If I did this right then Kelli would not even be aware of me until her orgasm peaked and pulled her from her sleep. Mornings like this were my favorite.

I was kneeling near her feet, my head low to the bed and my ass up in the air, with my tail moving back and forth very slowly. I was aware of every movement and twitch of her body, and I could hear her soft breathing as if she was whispering in my ear, but my eyes were locked on her pink labia as I inched my way forward. The hardest part about this morning was moving her leg without causing Kelli to wake, but I very carefully placed my hand on her smooth thigh and applied a gentle pressure. The trick to moving someone while they are asleep is pretty simple. Just make sure that the push you give to them is constant and slow. Often time's people will just move in their dream and that translates into the real world. I think that Kelli does this sometimes and it makes me smile every time. 

I moved in, ever more slowly, removing my hands from her legs so I didn't wake her at all, and reached out my tongue and lightly ran it up her soft pink slit. Lick, lick, lick, just enough to make contact with the skin, only letting my tongue touch her body. With my cat like ears I could hear her breathing start to increase, and my new sense of smell started detecting the first vestiges of the increase in her fluid flow. God I wanted to just bury myself in her labia and drink of her nectar, but I let patience prevail this time. It's not something I'm good at, and I never have been.

She was moaning now in her sleep, the soft caress of her voice causing my ears to twitch in desire. Still I kept up my steady rhythm; lick, lick, lick. Soon, Kelli's clit emerged from its hood and I let my tongue strokes of her pussy end with a light flick over the now swelling nub. Her vocalizations were becoming louder as I continued my gentle assault, and I could feel her body start to quiver every few seconds. I knew that I had her very close to climax now. Still I was patient; lick, lick, lick. Her smell was intoxicating, and the taste of her flowing juice nearly caused me to give in once more, but I was like iron this morning. And then a burst of Kelli's delicious liquid flowed over my tongue and she let out a long shuddering moan as her orgasm finally pulled her from her slumber.

"Oh god, Myka! What is going on?"

I looked up from between her legs with a feral grin on my face, as I pressed my tongue as deep as I could between her lips as I gave her one last hard lick. Kelli shook with one last spasm of an aftershock, and I pushed myself over her body as I moved up to claim my victory kiss from my lover. She crushed her mouth to mine and let it open so that we could allow our tongues to swirl together while she came down from her post orgasmic high.

"I know I've said it before," Kelli breathlessly gasped, "But there are way worse ways to wake up."

I smiled in contentment and rubbed my head into her chest, pillowing on her medium sized breasts with their deep pink areolae, and closed my eyes while I gently rubbed her bare stomach. Kelli pulled me tighter into herself, and then gave out a small chuckle.

"What? This isn't a funny moment," I grumbled.

"You're doing it again," she said.

"Doing what?"

"You're purring," Kelli whispered and proceeded to scratch me behind my ears.

I love ear scratching, I mean I really love it. Sex is great, don't get me wrong, but if I couldn't have sex again then ear scratching would be my go to for pleasure. And Kelli was right, I was purring, noticing the deep rumbling coming from my chest and throat for the first time.

"That is so cool! When did I start doing this?"

Kelli thought for a moment then said, "I first noticed it about three weeks ago. It was the week after New Year, and we had just finished with the chocolate and strawberries."

I blushed then, remembering that night. A bowl of melted chocolate with strawberries for dipping, though most of the chocolate did not end up on the strawberries but we ate it and them anyway. Did I mention that strawberries are a thing for me? Well they are, and it was a really good night.

"We'd just finished cleaning the chocolate up and you laid your head on my breasts like you are now and closed your eyes. You looked so damn cute that I just couldn't help but rub your ears like I am now. And you started purring. It's one of those little things you do that makes me happy inside, and I figured you knew you were doing it so I never brought it up."

"Well, I'm glad there is just one more thing about me to make you happy," I grinned, and then pushed myself up. "Now, however, I have to get moving or I am going to be late for class."

Kelli looked at me then and pouted as I got up from our bed.

"You got your turn this morning, but now you're leaving before I get mine? Can't you be just a little bit late?"

"Professor Collins will kill me if I am late again, Kelli, you know that, but it's a short day so you won't have to wait that long," I said as I made my way towards the door.

"Well fine," she huffed. "But you owe me. And don't forget Valentine's Day is a couple days away. We're have dinner and dancing here tomorrow, and then the day of we have the family Valentine's breakfast with our parents, then we are going to talk to them about us."

This was something that I was really scared about. Hell, not about me and Kelli being together, I couldn't give a rat's ass less what anyone thought about who I chose to be in a relationship with, and I know our parents are probably going to be pretty cool about this. I mean, we've been best friends ever since, well, ever, and us getting together would probably look to our parents like the next logical step. What had me ready to jump out of my skin when she said this was the fact that I had not let my parents know about my transformation yet, and I was going to have to confront the issue sooner or later. I guess Kelli decided for sooner.

"After that we are going to enjoy the day together and then we are going to go out and spend the night in the cabin," she said with a mischievous grin.

I giggled to myself when Kelli mentioned the cabin, because in truth it really is not a cabin at all. Between them, our parents own around twenty acres of property that their houses are built on. The problem is that the land has a natural spring, a pond and some areas that are a bit marshy from time to time. This means that much of the area is considered wetlands and cannot be developed past a certain boundary point. Way back when, however, Kelli and I found the pond and our dads helped us build a little three walled structure nearby that we would camp out in on occasion. It really was not much more than a roof to keep the rain off of our heads, but we still called it our cabin anyway, and it had been years since we had been back to it. I was thrilled that Kelli thought it would make the perfect Valentine's getaway, and I couldn't wait to get her under the stars and naked, even if it would be a little bit chilly.

"Don't forget you owe me tonight," she shouted after me as I bolted for the shower.

Well tonight would be a good evening as well, I thought to myself, as I stepped into the stream of hot water and washed myself as quickly as I could. Damnit, I really was going to be late again. I got out of the shower and rushed to dry myself, especially my tail. That is one thing that I have never liked since my change; having to dry my tail. Talk about a pain in the ass, almost literally.

I dressed myself as fast as I could in a pair of skinny jeans and a tight sweater, both of which showed off my assets perfectly, and grabbed a pair of black, heeled ankle boots on my way out of the closet. I had lost about six inches of height on New Year's Day, and that kind of sucked in a way. I went from being at the top end of average height for a woman to the top end of height for a short woman. On the bright side, after reading some of the research notes that Cassandra had given us, Kelli and I figured that I was probably a touch above average height for a Neko. Because of this change I now made sure to always wear shoes that had at least a three inch heel on them to be a little taller, and the heels usually made my calves pop.

As I walked down the hall towards the kitchen I could hear Kelli humming to herself while she was toasting something and pouring coffee. I knew this because I could smell it, even from this far away, another benefit to my heightened senses. Rounding the corner into the cooking area, I stopped suddenly and took another long look at Kelli. I still could not get over how beautiful she was, and I wondered in amazement yet again as to why I deserved someone so incredible. I still have not figured that one out, and I probably never will.

Kelli was standing at the counter with a cup of coffee for herself, and one in a take along for me, and was swaying her hips as she hummed some tune to herself while waiting for the toaster. The bathrobe she had on came to the middle of her thighs, and left much of her smooth, creamy white legs exposed. Her shoulder length red hair was pulled up in a very messy bun, and I noticed that she had painted her finger and toe nails a bright cherry red recently. She had the most delicate hands and was walking on the balls of her feet which caused her calf muscles to flex and display themselves prominently. God she was gorgeous, and if I wasn't so late I probably would have tackled her to the ground right there in the kitchen to have a repeat of this morning's fun. I was late, however.

I made a little bit of noise as I moved further into the room so that she would know I was there, and she turned and kissed me gently on the lips while reaching up to cup my face in her hands. It was a short kiss, but it was filled with all the promise of her love for me and it made me weak in the knees just like nearly all of her kisses. She grabbed half a bagel from the toaster when it popped and generously smeared it with cream cheese and then handed it over along with the coffee she had poured for me.

"Here you go, sweetie. So you aren't hungry and will be able to think clearly in class."

"Thanks babe, you're the best," I said and kissed her one more time before grabbing my food and my things and hurrying out the door to get to the train.

Shortly after New Year's, Kelli and I decided that we would move in together. I know, I know, making such a huge decision after having been together for such a short time was moving way too fast, but for the both of us it felt right, and really, I had just transformed into a Neko so sharing a place seemed tame by comparison. I moved out of my old place and into her apartment, which was much closer to campus, so I could take the train now. I also made a couple of phone calls and talked to Madeline and my apartment manager, who allowed her to take over my lease and move back in. It had been just two weeks after the incident at the party with Alan. She was in a much better place emotionally, and my forgiveness and help meant the world to her. Thinking about this as I waited for the next train gave me yet another warm feeling inside, and I finally realized how truly happy I had become.

A smile played across my face as I was sitting on the bench, waiting for the next train, and I heard a giggling that caused me to look down. A little boy was watching my tail flick back and forth while I waited and he was giggling every time he tried to grab it because it would snap away at the last minute. I almost laughed out loud at his antics, but decided to let him play a bit longer. The next time he reached for my tail I let him catch it in his hands and he squealed with delight.

"Momma, momma, I got it," he cried to a young woman who was seated on the other end of the bench.

She shook her head with an exasperated sigh and looked at me apologetically.

"Billy, you leave the nice cat-girl's tail alone and come here now," she said more in amusement than frustration.

"It's ok. I don't mind, and he seems to be having fun," I answered while I pulled my tail out of his hands and used it to flick him gently across the nose, making him giggle again.

She smiled then and said, "You're really nice, and thank you for playing with him. He's normally pretty shy, but I think he's excited because we've never seen an actual cat-girl before. There can't be too many of you running around right?"

I shook my head no, and silently wondered about her reaction. It was like nearly all of the other reactions up to this point that I had observed when in public. No one ever seemed surprised that I had cat ears and a tail, or that cat-girls existed. They were only surprised that I was the first one that they had encountered. Kelli and I found this to be very strange, because before New Year's the existence of Nekos for most people was only in anime and manga as far as we knew. Practically everyone we had run into after New Year's accepted my existence, and just thought that cat-girls were very rare. It was something that we had asked Cassandra about, but she and the Circle had not discovered any new information about how the Neko magic could be causing this phenomenon.

By the time I finished my musings about how the transformation magic might be affecting everyone around me the next train to campus had arrived and I got up to leave. Before I got on, however, I picked up the little boy I had been playing with and gave him a big hug and tickled him until he was giggling uncontrollably.

"You be good for your mom today Billy, or I will make sure and come back to tickle you some more. Got it?"

He giggled one last time and nodded his head yes as I let him down to run excitedly into his mother's arms. She smiled at me again and I gave her a wink and a wave as I grabbed my bag and ran for the train. Now I just had to get through class without seriously irritating my professor. It wasn't just my penchant for being late, although that was the lion's share of the problem, it was that I had a hard time paying attention to what was going on in class.

Recently, I really had been trying to pay better attention in my classes, but I was always finding my thoughts being drawn to Kelli, and the way she made me feel. It was like I had never had feelings like these, or at least not feelings as intense as these. I'd dated a few boys up to now, and I certainly was not a virgin by the time I started college, but I've had newlywed couples tell me what their first few months together were like and that is the only thing I can think to compare my feelings for Kelli with. We weren't married, bonded, linked, or whatever we were eventually going to be yet, but the honeymoon feelings we had during those few weeks were certainly real and terribly exciting. They were, however, making me struggle in my classes and I knew I would have to get a handle on that soon.

Professor Collins was pissed at me again, and I told him that I would make a better effort in the future to make it to his classes on time so as not to disrupt things. On the bright side, he let me know that my work in the class was improving and that I should keep that up. The rest of the day was just like any other and I made it through with a bit of effort, and with what I hoped were better notes than I had taken on some of the previous days. It was so hard keeping Kelli out of my head when I needed to concentrate.

Later that afternoon I picked up some things to make a nice dinner for the both of us, and I made it home before Kelli had finished her last class for the day. The rest of the evening was like many others. We had dinner and afterwards we helped each other study the day's material. We both went over more of the reading and other research that Cassandra had given us, hoping to figure a few more things out, and then ended our evening snuggled up together with a blanket and hot chocolate while watching some movie or other that we could get to stream. More often than not, however, our evenings actually ended with us naked in bed together and exploring each other's bodies for the millionth time. So in other words, evenings were usually really damned fun before we finally went to sleep. Tonight, however, would be a game changer.

Have you ever had a dream that seemed so real that after you woke up you weren't sure where you actually were? A dream so vivid and frightening that when you are ripped from its depths and thrust back into consciousness that your terrified scream echoes in your ears, and your heart almost needs medical intervention to slow itself down. I've had one of those dreams. In fact I began having this awful dream that night, and much to my dismay, many more times over the coming few weeks which is a separate story I will get to. I can tell you, though, that it sucked big time.

It started out innocently enough, but I was looking around in my dream world amazed at how real everything looked and felt. I could smell the trees and grasses of the thickly forested area, and the musty dampness of a nearby cave. I could feel the wind on my face and the whip of the branches as they struck my body, as I seemed to be running through this wood naked. It was cold. Not a full on winter cold, but it was still a bone chilling, damp cold that made me uncomfortable. The feel of the moist earth on my bare feet as I ran, and the occasional pain as I stepped on fallen branches or small rocks, rounded out the myriad sensations that I was feeling.

The most intense feeling I was experiencing, however, was an overpowering fear. A terror like I had not felt since that first night that I knew something was wrong with Kelli. The problem was that this time it was worse. I did not know how, but it was way worse than New Year's night. The fact that Kelli almost got raped at that party was horrible, and the fact that what I was feeling from her now was worse than at the party really terrified me. I could feel a tightness in my chest, and cramps in my muscles but I ran faster because I knew in my soul that Kelli's life depended on it.

I made it to a small clearing with a large standing stone in the middle, and I bent over to catch my breath and rested my hand against the stone, smearing it with some slick fluid as I did. I looked and realized that it was blood, my blood, from a gash across my palm. I looked again at the stone as the blood from my hand glistened wetly on the rough grey surface of the rock, several ancient markings began to glow and pulse with a sickly green light that filled me with even more dread, if that was actually possible. Then behind me I heard a rustle of leaves and the crack of a branch and I whipped around ready to fight for my life.

In the shadows of the forest I could make out a small female form, but I could not see her face because of the shadows. I did see the tail behind her that waved back and forth in a rhythmic pattern. It was another Neko, and my shock at seeing her made me gasp.
