 Alright everyone, here it is. Again, I originally wrote what is currently posted as Chapter 05 and this chapter together as one entire chapter. I have to give props and another big thanks yet again to Tccrusher, my editor, who agreed with my suspicions that the story would need to be split, and for his advice and care about where that split needed to take place. He has been a godsend, and I couldn't do this without him. You will run across two songs that I mention in the story, which seemed too perfect to leave them out of the story. The first is Aerosmith's Rag Doll, and the other is Rachel Platten's Fight Song. Just mentioning it so that you can listen to them before or while reading. Either works. Finally, another big thank you to all of my readers. You are the reason I do what I do. 

*****

Sometimes in life you make a decision in the heat of the moment that makes perfect sense when you make it. Putting a purchase on a new credit card because there will be zero payments for a year, taking that one extra class during a semester because it might help you to graduate a little bit sooner, and even going back for that one last plate of food during Thanksgiving. It would not be a surprise to anyone who knows me if they were told that, at one point or another in my life, I had made all of those decisions, eventually to my regret. Some of them more than once.

Agreeing to be the girl for Paul's last lap dance at his bachelor party would probably rank in the top three of decisions that I have regretted making. It wasn't even the idea of taking my clothes off in front of strangers, and some people that probably knew who I was. Kass had assured me that the boys would behave, and would never mention it outside of the evening when it happened, and I trusted her judgement completely. What had me rethinking my choice was the fact that I had never been involved in any sort of dance, or cheerleading type activities before, and I had no idea where I was going to learn to dance like a stripper.

"Dear goddess, Myka," Kelli said as I paced around our bedroom, nearly pulling my hair out. "Will you tell me what is wrong? You've been on edge for the last couple of days."

She was right about that. It had been two days since we had had Paul and Kass over, and had agreed to have a double wedding, and I had finally committed to dancing for Paul at her request. I had also had two days to stew in my thoughts and to let reality sink in.

"I know I told Kass that I would dance for Paul," I answered with a sheepish look. "But I have never learned to actually dance, much less move like a damned stripper. How the hell am I even going to do this? Where do I even go to figure it out?"

"Is that what this is about, sweetie? I really don't think you have anything to be worried about."

"Really," I shot back, with more sarcasm than Kelli deserved. "Then why don't you dance for Paul, and I will just watch. If you think it's going to be that easy."

"I didn't say it would be easy," she countered, and I could hear the irritation in her tone. "But you have a series of advantages that most don't."

"Really? Like what?"

"First, you have the grace and nimbleness of a Neko, sweetie," Kelli said, ticking off the points on her fingers. "You have a black belt in Kenpo, which means you have balance and coordination earned from a lot of training. Your abilities also enhance those skills as well, along with your talent of learning how to move in certain ways just by watching others."

"Yeah, that's great," I scoffed. "But how does that help me?"

"Are you being serious," Kelli asked in surprise, and then shook her head at me when I motioned for her to continue. "Just get some videos of strippers dancing their routines and watch them over and over. I'm sure that there is a lot of that sort of thing you could find with a simple search on the web. Plus, wasn't one of your students on the drill team in high school? Ask her to give you some basic dance and posing lessons."

My mouth was hanging open as Kelli kissed me on the cheek and then slid between the covers for the night, and I had no words to say as I also crawled into bed next to her. She was right again, as she often is, and I took her advice the next morning. As any horny male will attest, I found an endless sea of stripping clips and videos online, and I had to be really careful about what I set aside to study later. I also asked Shelly, the student that had been on the dance team, if she wouldn't mind giving me an hour or two of her time so that I could learn some of her standard training moves. She had no problem with it and I was able to set aside some time on the following Wednesday to get together with her. Honestly, however, I was not sure when I would fit all of my commitments in.

Later in the week everyone was back at the house for another round of digging and placing stones, and making sure that the area was prepared properly for the purpose that our clearing would now serve. Kelli and I also had a lot of explaining to do when we told our moms about the plan to have a joint wedding in just over six weeks. It sent the two of them into overdrive to make sure that we would have dresses, and that there would be food here at the house for everyone. They were both concerned that we were not inviting everyone we should, but once we gave them just enough detail of Kass' story our moms understood the reasons to keep it small.

Kelli also asked Ali to relay a message to Millicent that we needed to discuss something with her well before Halloween. I really did not relish that conversation, because the two of us were going to ask her for something that went against everything that she and others had done to protect the secret of witches and the Circle for decades. We were not going to ask for any sort of magical ceremony, but inviting those not directly involved with the Circle or my family to the clearing after we had established the locus of power was certainly going to be a risk. Plus, it was not clear how she would react when Kelli asked her to officiate the ceremony.

Neither of us heard back from Millicent for the entire next week, and we were starting to worry that we would not be able to get things approved with her before serious plans would need to be finalized. I occupied myself with studying the video clips that I had set aside, and my quick lesson with Shelly and a couple hours of practice also took my mind off of things. But, I was beginning to worry that Millicent already knew what we were going to ask, and had chosen to just ignore Kelli and me until it did not matter. I shouldn't have been concerned, however, and I felt a little guilty for thinking that she might treat us that way when I was pulled into the dream world a couple of days later. 

Like always, I entered the realm ruled by sleep only in my skin, and I was very near our clearing when I realized where I was. Just like every time I had seen her here, Millicent was sitting near the pond and tending a small fire over which she had a pot of tea on to boil.

"Come and sit child," she called out to me as I moved in from the tree line. "Have some tea and tell me what it is that you and your dear Kelli have to discuss with me."

"Thank you nana," I replied as I gave her a hug before I sat at her feet.

The tea she offered was hot and sweet, and it seemed to spread its warmth throughout every inch of my body. As Always, it was certainly the most delicious tea I had ever had.

"Kelli and I wanted to make a request," I continued between sips. "If that's ok. Honestly, I was hoping that you would have come to us in person so that she could be the one to talk to you."

"Do you fear me little one? If you do, then I have not been as kind as I should have been. You have no need to fear or be nervous at all. Ask me what you will, and then we will decide if it is possible or not together."

"Ok. Here goes," I said after taking a deep breath so that I could plunge right in. "Kelli asked me to marry her just over a week ago, and some friends of ours are getting married too. When we talked to them about it last week, Paul suggested that we do a double wedding. Kelli offered to have the ceremony performed in the clearing, the next weekend after Halloween."

"I see. And you both seek my permission to use the circle of stones after we have forged the new locus, do you not?"

"Yeah, that's most of it," I replied with a downcast look on my face. "We know it is risky letting those outside of my family and the Circle be involved with the clearing, but it would be a very special place and the number of guests would be very small." 

"I do not have any concerns with you, Kelli, and your friends using the new circle as a location for your wedding ceremony. Stone circles that have been in use for centuries were certainly visited by those who did not have any knowledge or ability with magic, little one. Many civilizations used them as holy sites, without having any understanding of their true purpose."

I had not expected Millicent to be so open when I voiced our request to her and it came as a great surprise. While I sat there stunned, she reached out her hand, and with a gentle touch closed my mouth which had apparently been hanging open.

"Do not seem so surprised, child," she chuckled as she poured herself a cup of tea. "You will find that, among the members of the Circle, I am neither the most or the least flexible when it comes to our rules about spreading the knowledge of the existence of magic and witches. The two that hold those distinctions are the young Aliara and her mother."

"I can only guess that Ali is the more flexible one," I stated and received a nod from Millicent in return.

"That she is child, and as much as it pains me to admit it, I fear that her ideas are becoming more and more inevitable with every passing year. The advent of new and wondrous technologies has helped mankind immensely, but it has made hiding our arts and practitioners quite difficult. And dark souls like Mathias tend to make our problems worse."

Just hearing his name again made me shudder as a feeling of fear flitted through my chest. The only thing that had kept me from shivering was the strength of resolve present in Millicent's voice. There was something about the way that she spoke about Mathias that almost made me feel sorry for him should he run into her in the future.

"But pay my maudlin ramblings no mind, child," she continued, refilling my cup. "This is a happy time, and we should do nothing but celebrate this union between you and Kelli that further binds you both together."

"Actually, there was one other request we had," I said to her, my voice barely above a whisper.

"Oh, my dear little one. I told you that you have nothing to fear from asking me anything. Calm yourself and tell me, before you tremble so hard that you break."

That made me laugh and I moved to sit in her lap with my arms around her neck, to draw comfort from her presence and from her arms that she also put around me. I was still nervous, but I had the courage to ask her now.

"Kelli and I wanted to ask if you would be the priestess or whatever you would be called, who would officiate the ceremony. Is that something you would do?"

I was hanging my head in a sheepish manner after posing our question to Millicent. I knew that it was both a very simple request, but that it also brought a level of complication to her life that she might not want. Those fears were swept away by her heartwarming chuckle and the kiss that she placed on my head, right between my twitching ears.

"Oh my sweet little child," she began while stroking my hair with her gentle hand. "You and your mate do me an honor, which I am not sure that I deserve, with this request."

"What? Why are you saying that," I exclaimed in adamant disagreement. "You have helped us both so much. Not always directly, but certainly you have always been there when we needed you. Plus, you were the one who bound Kelli and me together in Scotland. I don't see how anyone else should be allowed to bind us in a non-magical way."

"If that is the way you both feel, then I do not see any way that I could refuse your request," she answered, sighing and giving me another kiss. "I suppose that I will have to discuss things with Aliara so that I can obtain the necessary authorities to make this ceremony binding under the laws of men. I am sure that she will know exactly what must be done, or will find it with little trouble."

Millicent couldn't help but laugh as I squealed with delight at her answer and pulled her into a hug. It was a happy moment that I knew I would treasure forever, and I was excited to get back and let Kelli know.

"I can only assume that you want me to serve as the priestess for both yours and your friends' ceremonies. If that is indeed the case, I see no reason why I cannot perform the duties of both."

"We were hoping that you would say yes to do both," I answered with a grin. "I'm pretty sure that Paul and Kass will be just as excited as we are."

"Well, now that those things are settled little one, you need to finish your tea and return to your mate's side and sleep, because we have a great deal to accomplish over the next several weeks if we are to be ready for everything."

After that pronouncement, Millicent just held me in her arms while I finished the second cup of tea that she had given me. It was a wonderful feeling to know that Kelli and I, and by extension our friends and family, were loved so much by this amazing and powerful woman. 

The moment my tea was finished, however, she gave me one last hug and kiss before whispering her final goodbyes. Then she tapped me on the forehead with her finger and I found myself back in my body in an instant. I was conscious for just long enough to roll over and put my arm and tail over Kelli's slumbering form, and then I drifted back down into a dreamless sleep for the remainder of the night.

Kelli and I had a lot to talk about the next morning when we woke up, and there was a lot we needed to tell our moms as well. Once the idea of the double wedding had been accepted, and we had discussed the timing of the Halloween ritual and the ceremony the next week, there was a lot of planning to do. Later that evening, , all of the women in the family sat down for a video call with Kass so that we could get things like dresses, colors, flowers, and the like sorted out. Kass informed us that she had pretty much decided on what she was going to wear, and gave us the images so that Kelli and I wouldn't accidentally copy her style. For our part, we agreed to have dresses chosen and the information given to our moms in two days.

This wasn't a lot of time to make such a big decision, but the three of us had put quite a burden on everyone who was going to be involved, so we had to agree not to agonize over choices, and be decisive as hell. As it turned out, this was probably the best thing we agreed to anyway, because with my commitment to the students, my classes and research, and my dance practice, along with the work we were still doing with the Circle to get the locus ready for Halloween, neither Kelli nor I had more than an hour or two every day that we could spend on other things. It was stressful, and we both got a little bitchy with others on occasion, but somehow we were able to get through it.

The truly incredible feat over the course of the few weeks that we had remaining was, that with the help of the Circle and my family, the preparations for the ritual that would establish a permanent locus of power in our clearing were several days ahead of schedule. Millicent let everyone know that Penelope would arrive two days before Halloween to set up the physical components and prepare the spells that would activate and bind two very powerful golem to the new locus as protectors and defenders. Once that final task was finished it was just a matter of performing the activation ritual.

Those things were still somewhat distant in my mind, though, because the next big thing Kelli and I had to do was attend Paul's bachelor party. Originally, Kass had suggested to the guys that Halloween night would be the perfect night for the get together, but because Kelli and I were limited in the time we could spend on that night, and because a couple of the band's friends had other parties they wanted to go to on Halloween, the night before was set and reserved at the club where it would be held. As it was, Kass invited Kelli and me to dinner the week before so that we could all have a final go over for the wedding and the party for Paul.

"I'm so glad you guys could make it," Kass cried, giving us a hug as we arrived at our table in the restaurant. "I know you have a ton on your plates, but I just wanted to talk about a few things one more time."

"I take it you have a bit more detail about Paul's get together next week," I grinned, causing her to blush nearly to her neck. "Because that is pretty much what I am going nuts over right now. I have been learning how to dance like a madwoman, and I don't know if I will be ready in time"

"I know, right? I mean, we have pretty much everything else set up, but the bachelor party is the last major thing before the big day."

"I, for one, will be glad to get a lot of this stress behind me," Kelli replied with a sigh. "Just getting the area ready has been a real headache, and with Myka's school schedule, and preparing for the wedding itself, we're pretty much run ragged. Maybe we should have delayed things a bit. But who's to say?"

"After having blitzed through the planning, I am not sure I would want to do it another way," Kass countered. "It was hard, and a lot of stress, but it's pretty much over now, and things look to be working out fine. But that's not why we're here."

"No. We are here because you're going to tell us what we need to do for Paul's party," I stated with a chuckle. "I mean, beyond the obvious."

"Yeah, so I talked with Paul about this a lot, and while his buddies are probably going to be getting dances and things with the other girls, he has agreed to only have the one personal dance that we have prepared for him. He thinks that I brow beat the other guys into getting my way about his "last" lap dance, and has no idea you and Kelli will be there for him."

"I must admit that I am looking forward to seeing the look on his face," Kelli laughed. "It should make the entire night worth it."

"Oh yes, it will definitely be worth it. So I have already talked to the club owner and they have amateur nights all the time so there is no problem letting you dance. He doesn't know that I want you to fuck Paul on stage, and the legality of that is highly questionable. I've been in the club and have seen the stage, and unless someone is up there with you, they shouldn't see anything but a highly erotic lap dance."

"So first of all," I said, seeking clarification from everyone there. "You are not only ok with me dancing for Paul, but with me having sex on stage with him while everyone else has no clue what is actually happening?"

"Yes. Yes I am," Kass answered in a shy whisper. "And like I said, I want to clean you up back stage in the amateur's dressing room after it's over."

I let loose a breath that I was not aware that I had been holding, and I realized that my panties had become quite damp since the conversation turned to the dance. Then I looked over at Kelli to see what she thought about the entire situation. I knew she had agreed to it back when I first told her about Kass' idea, but it had been several weeks since that happened and I was not sure if she still felt that way. I did, however, feel her own arousal at the idea so I figured she had not changed her mind much, if at all.

"And I want to make sure you are ok with this still," I said to Kelli as I squeezed her hand. "If you have any hesitation, we won't do this."
