 Ilia reached around, cupping Myrna's breast in her hand and nuzzling the Dragonborn's silky ravenblack hair. Their naked bodies exuded warmth. Myrna rolled onto her back, looking up at her new lover's face, almost lost in the bliss of the afterglow. The sight of Myrna's face, the most beautiful she had ever seen, brought a new tingling to Ilia's loins. She smiled at the young woman whose saltiness she could still taste on her tongue. 

"Can I ask you something?" Ilia said. 

"Of course."

"How long have you been...interested in women?"

"As long as I can remember."

"You've never been with a man?"

"Not yet."

"Do you want to be?"

"I've never really though about it."

"What was it that drew you to women in the first place?"

"It's a bit of a long story," Myrna said.

"I don't need to go anywhere," Ilia smiled.

"Well, my mother worked as a...courtesan in the Imperial City. Relatively high-class, for that sort of work, but not exactly a great life. There was one official at whose pleasure she served, primarily. He was probably my father but I don't know for sure. In any case, when she became pregnant, his attentions waned and her status diminished. Eventually, she lost her place within the house and soon found her clientele among a rougher class of people. My earliest memories are watching her...at work...from across a dirty room. She didn't last long. By the time I was six, I was more or less fending for myself in the streets. Disease took her not long after. I made my living from petty theft in the market, mostly, or picking pockets. Just enough to eat, sleeping in whatever shelter I could find. Stables, empty market stalls, cellars accidently left open. One day, I was not quite 8, a woman caught me pickpocketing her. To my surprise, she did not call the guards. If she had it would have been the orphanage for me, and then Gods knows what. She took my firmly by the arm and led me into a nearby building. I was petrified with fear as she knelt down before me. And then she smiled. 'Child,' she said, 'your hands are nimble. But not nearly nimble enough. And your ragged clothes cloak you in suspicion. Where is your home?' I told her I had none. 'As I suspected,' she said. Anyway, to make a long story short, she was the head of a group of thieves, all women. Everyone lived together under the market in what had been the basement of a long-demolished palace. Her name was Liana. She was something like a mother to the group. Girls would come and go, but there were generally between a dozen and fifteen of us. I was the youngest at the time, and she took a special interest in me, teaching me how to steal, well, just about anything, how to move about practically unseen, all the skills a good thief needs."

"How old was she?" Ilia asked.

"She was maybe 28 at the time. The rest of the girls were mostly in their late teens, a few a bit older than that. Anyway, as I got older, I began to realize that all the girls were...active with each other. And when I got to be of age, I too joined in. In fact, it was a whole rite of passage, becoming a full member of this guild. One day Liana came to me and said, 'You are a child no longer, Myrna. It is time you joined us body and soul. You will know the pleasure that only the touch of a woman can bring. You will give yourself to the group. The group will give itself to you in return. And all the glories of this world will be upon you.' I wasn't exactly sure what she meant, of course, but something in her eyes and the tone of her voice made me feel so warm down there, like I'd never felt before. She whispered in my ear, 'Tonight, in the main chamber. Go now, and bathe yourself. Soon your world will be changed forever.'"

"When I finished bathing, Daphne, the next youngest of our group, was waiting for me. My clothes were gone, and I had only a towel to cover myself. Daphne told me to let it drop. 'Turn around,' she said. I could feel her watching me as I did. 'As Liana commands,' she whispered, her voice just inches behind me. She slid a piece of cloth over my eyes and tied it securely around my head. A fierce chill ran through my body as she gently ran her fingers down my spine. 'You must trust that no harm will come to you,' she said softly. 'You must give yourself up completely.' My heart was pounding. 'Do you understand?" I nodded. She took my hand and guided me to the main chamber. I longed to see what was going on. I felt so vulnerable. She let go of my hand."

"I just stood there, and could hear nothing by the beating of my heart and my own breath. Then Liana's voice: 'Welcome, my darling girl. Tonight, you become one of us.' She gently moved me back a few tiny steps, until I felt a velvet cloth touch the back of my knees. Liana gently pushed my shoulders down. 'Sit,' she commanded. I did. Then, 'lay back.' As I did, my wrists were suddenly grabbed and I was yanked backwards until I was lying on my back. Leather straps were quickly wrapped round my wrists, and these tied to something I couldn't see. Then my ankles got the same treatment, and suddenly I was as helpless as can be, spread-eagled, my arms and legs stretched almost painfully taut. The blindfold was then removed, and Liana's naked body loomed over me. The rest of the girls were standing around us in a circle, all nude as well."

"'Don't be afraid, my dear,' Liana said, dropping to all fours, her nipples hovering just over mine. She brushed her lips against mine, and then her tongue leapt into my mouth, hot and wet, our saliva mingling. I felt a surge of pleasure in my cunt as her tongue thrust in and out of my mouth. She bit me softly on the neck and kissed her way down to my breasts. When she sucked a nipple into her mouth I thought I would explode. I could hardly believe the throbbing I was feeling down below. By the time her mouth reached my clit, I was so turned on that I came in just seconds, shuddering with wave after wave of pleasure. Liana stopped just long enough to smile up at me before she returned, lapping at my juices, working her way from my wet hole to my clit, flicking her tongue in and out of me and then sucking my engorged clit into her mouth. Suddenly Liana herself gasped with pleasure. I looked up to see Miranda, a slender blonde girl, thrusting into Liana with a phallus strapped around her waste. As she began to move in and out of Liana's pussy faster and faster, Liana's lapping at my cunt grew more feverish. I came again, screaming this time, and Liana joined me. Suddenly she swung around and buried her cunt in my face. My tongue darted out to taste her even as my lungs cried out for a breath they could not take. And then I felt it – Miranda's hard phallus probing at my hole, pressing, and finally slipping inside me. It hurt for just a moment, until, fully inside, her mound pressed against my clit. Liana lifted her pussy just long enough for me to gasp and take a deep breath, and then down she came again, grinding into me as Miranda slowly pumped me. In moments I came again, screaming with what breath I had into Liana's dripping cunt."

"My goodness," Ilia said, almost not realizing she was rubbing herself lightly. "That sounds like quite an evening."

"Oh, it was," Myrna smiled. "It went on like that for hours. There were fourteen of us that night, and each of the girls took turns fucking me or eating me out, and then riding my face until they were satisfied. I lost count of how many times I came. When it was all over, I was untied. Liana sat me up. I could hardly move at that point. Everyone gathered around in a tight circle and I took the oath, forsaking, so long as I remained with the guild, the touch of men and swearing my body's loyalty to the group."

"Gods, why did you ever leave?" asked Ilia, imagining an endless stream of girls to service her.

"That's another long story," Myrna said. Ilia suddenly felt the Dragonborn's strong hand on the back of neck, pushing her face relentlessly down to her new lover's pussy. Ilia lapped eagerly for several minutes, until, overcome with her own desire, she swung her body around until her pussy was in Myrna's face. As Ilia continued to mash Myrna's clit with her tongue, she gently lowered herself onto Myrna's mouth. As Myrna's hot tongue slipped inside her, Ilia pushed back, covering Myrna's mouth and nose completely. "I know what you like now," Ilia smiled to herself.