 Ilia gazed happily at Myrna as the young Imperial bantered with a Redguard trader. It was nice to see the Dragonborn let her guard down for once, to forget about the burdens and responsibilities of her apparent destiny. She'd even cast off the sinister black armor she usually wore day and night, trading it for a cleavage-baring bodice and a pleasantly short figure-hugging skirt. Her laughter filled Ilia's ears, and her smile, so rare, was something Ilia would never tire of seeing. Myrna turned to her companion, eyes aglow, and drained the rest of her cup of alto wine. "You were right," she said to Ilia. "Thanks for dragging me here. It's good to unwind." But her face suddenly hardened as she fixed her gaze on the just-opened door of the Winking Skeever. Ilia turned to follow her gaze; a red-haired woman, half-naked and half covered in strategically placed green velvet, together with a broad-shouldered Nord in plate armor strolled up to the bar. Neither looked like anyone to trifle with, but there was an almost animal intensity in the woman's face. Since teaming up with Myrna a few months prior, Ilia had taken on just about every horrible thing she could imagine, and handled every foe with an almost easy assuredness, feeding as she did off the Dragonborn's confidence and abilities. But the woman in green was not anyone Ilia would want to tangle with, she instinctively knew, even with Myrna at her side.

Ilia turned back to her lover just in time to hear Myrna mutter, "shit" under her breath. "Do you know them?" Ilia asked. Myrna's eyes would not meet hers for several seconds. Finally Myrna looked at her sternly. "They're members of the Companions, from Whiterun. Farkas is the man. The woman is Aela the Huntress."

"You're upset they're here?" asked Ilia.

Myrna looked noncommittal, which was enough to answer Ilia in the affirmative. She'd never known Myrna to be so obviously evasive about anything. The two Companions each took a large mug of mead from the bar and looked around for a table. They chose one not too far from where Myrna and Ilia sat, although the dim lighting and the presence of a large stone pillar hid the two women somewhat from the newcomers. Myrna tapped the table with her finger, whether out of impatience or agitation Ilia could not tell. After a few moments, Ilia felt Myrna's hand on her thigh. She looked up to see her lover's face full of both pain and tenderness.

"Ilia," Myrna began, "Aela is..."

Just then they were interrupted by the redhead, who abruptly sat at their table and locked her gaze on the Dragonborn. "So," she said, "This is where you've been hiding yourself. We've missed you at Jorrvaskr, my love." She didn't sound particularly loving uttering the last two words.

"I imagine you're about the only person in Skyrim that can sneak up on me, especially when I've already seen you," Myrna said. Ilia glanced back and forth between the two of them. Myrna, usually so collected, seemed anything but; Aela was as steady as the wind in Winterhold. The redhead turned her gaze to Ilia, and her eyes were a mixture of icy coldness and barely subdued fire. "And who is your...friend?"

Myrna sighed audibly but seemed to regain her composure. "Aela, this is Ilia. Ilia, this is Aela." Ilia did her best to greet the newcomer politely, although a spike of fear shot through her stomach. 

"A pleasure," Ilia said. "How do you know each other?" With the question, Myrna's face fell once again while Aela's mouth curled into a little smirk.

"I'm surprised she hasn't mentioned me," Aela said. Ilia say that Myrna's eyes were closed. "I'm her wife." 

The hurt in Ilia's face was palpable. Aela took obvious pleasure from it. Myrna turned to the young conjurer, but Ilia would not meet her gaze. She looked instead at Aela, and said, "Well, I should probably leave you two alone. I'm sure you have plenty of catching up to do." She rose quickly, even as Myrna told her to stay. "No," she said. "I'll..." She trailed off and then walked quickly toward the bar.

Myrna looked at her erstwhile spouse. "Well, that was nicely done."

"She's right. We do have some catching up to do."

"Do we?"

"It's been months. I've heard nothing but rumors. Even that you've been in Whiterun on more than one occasion. Do I not even warrant a visit?"

"Aela, my involvement with the Companions was...beneficial. To everyone. None more so than myself. Kodlak Whitemane was a great man. A wise man. I learned a great deal from him, as I did from all of you. And it's where you belong. But it's not where I belong." 

"It is where you belong, my love. We share something much deeper than wedlock." Aela reached across and took Myrna's hand. "Your beast blood cries out to me. Do you not feel it?"

"Yeah, well...that was a mistake."

"A mistake that I see you have not yet taken from yourself, as you took it from Kodlak."

"At his request." 

"Well, we needn't rehash that. We didn't choose you on a whim, Myrna. The power to transform is an honor bestowed on very few, and only on those who are worthy, and whose soul speaks to us even before the blood is turned."

"And is it the beast blood that commands you, in the end? Or is it the honor you all so proudly wear on your sleeves? Your commitment to one another? Your use of might for justice? Is not the beast within you merely a means to those ends?"

"It is. I knew you understood," Aela smiled.

"I understand. But that honor is not something I share," said Myrna. How could Myrna explain to this most righteous of warriors the darkness that shrouded her soul, the bloodlust that had led her to accept the Companions' offer of lycanthropy? From the moment she'd slid her dagger into the brain of Valerian Tacitus, the taking of life was Myrna's overriding passion. While she strove to choose her victims from the less innocent of Tamriel's population, to do good where she could, the erotic charge she got from hurting, from killing, knew no bounds. Astrid had understood. Astrid had brought her to Sithis, before paying with her own life for her betrayal. But Aela? Aela lived for the hunt, yes, but always in the service of righteousness.

"Your actions lead me to agree with you on that," said Aela. "Yes, my commitment to the Companions runs deep. Deeper, I guess, than you'll ever know. But I would have followed you anywhere, regardless of the rest of them."

Myrna's heart ached for the pain she had caused her one-time love, and for the pain she knew Ilia was also feeling. "I know," she said lamely. "I never meant to hurt you."

"Getting hurt is the biggest part of life," Aela said. "But pain is fleeting. Pleasure doubly so." The redhead's eyes flashed quickly with an animal lust that struck deep into Myrna's body. The Dragonborn felt her hair begin prickle over every inch of her body. She knew she could barely contain herself. From the moment they'd met, Aela had had a power over the young Imperial maiden. That power beat very strongly just then. Myrna looked around the room and saw no sign of Ilia. Probably gone back to Proudspire Manor, she thought. Aela was already moving off toward the stairs. Myrna rose and followed almost against her will. Almost.

Once inside the room, Aela's perfectly chiseled nude body was too much to bear. Myrna fell on to the redhead ravenously, kissing and biting her lips with unrestrained fury. The only woman who could match Myrna in strength, Aela suddenly grabbed the younger girl's throat and started to choke her. Their eyes locked. "You know what I want," Aela said. "Give it to me." Myrna could feel her lungs begin to burn, the blood throbbing in her head and face as she turned redder and redder, eyes bulging. Still she would not give in to the transformation. Let it come, she told herself, as darkness began to fill her vision. And come it did. Just before passing out, her body lurched violently; even Aela's strong hands could barely hold on. Myrna's eyes turned first. Her thick black hair suddenly seemed to sprout not only from her head, but from her neck and back. Her face stretched and grew, and her limbs became impossibly long. Aela released her grip as spasms of pain wracked Myrna's nearly unrecognizable body. In a few more seconds, the transformation was complete. Myrna crouched before the foot of the bed, panting, a werewolf's body in place of the curvy female form she had until just moments ago inhabited.

Aela lay back, pulling her ankles up almost over her head, exposing herself to the beast she had just coaxed from Myrna's soul. Aela's eyes locked on the beast's. Her blood boiled; she too longed to transform, to share the heady lust she knew coursed through Myrna's veins. But the two of them transformed, Aela knew, would only result in a bloodbath for the rest of the Winking Skeever's denizens. As long as she stayed human, Aela could control Myrna. Barely.

Myrna's beastly form sniffed hungrily toward Aela's seductive pose. "That's it, my love," said the Huntress. "Come and get it." Suddenly Myrna pounced, burying her face in the redhead's smoothly shaved pussy. Her long animal tongue lapped greedily at the juices flowing from Aela's opening. Aela gasped in pleasure, keenly aware of the much greater versatility of this non-human tongue. It snaked inside her with the power and firmness of several fingers, but it's movements and feel were so unique. The pleasure Aela took from it was unlike anything else. No combination of fingers, tongues, cocks, or dildos had ever brought her to climaxes so powerful. She shuddered, grasping the back of the beast's head as she came violently. Myrna, her consciousness almost totally subsumed by the beast blood, was only dimly aware of her wife's pleasure. She craved only the heightened smell and taste of the slick, salty wetness that issued from Aela's engorged cunt. She licked feverishly, probing violently in and out of the redhead's pussy, occasionally exploring her asshole as well, which, when penetrated, drove Aela to even greater heights of ecstasy. The beast's stamina knew no bounds, her pace never slacked, as Aela succumbed to orgasm after orgasm at the hands of this animal. All the hurt and anger she'd stored up over the past months was washed away by wave upon wave of pulsating pleasure. For hours, as the beast blood pumped through Myrna's body, Aela came, every few minutes, until, her body exhausted and dripping with sweat, she began to feel Myrna's tongue change. Aela lifted her head and watched the animal before her slowly become human again.

As Myrna's consciousness returned, she stopped licking and smiled up at her erstwhile lover. Her face was covered in Aela's pussy juices, and her hand reached back to feel her own sopping cunt. She squeezed her clit between her labia and then crawled forward, up Aela's sweat-slick body, until they kissed deeply. Myrna sat up and gripped Aela's breasts in her hands, kneading them roughly. One hand slipped up toward the redhead's glistening throat, the other pinching a nipple violently. As her fingers closed around Aela's windpipe, she smiled cruelly. "My turn," she said, her clit throbbing as she watched her lover's face turn from red to purple.