 Myrna had just decided Dragonbridge was her best bet to find Ilia, or at least news of her, when four Solitude guards came hurrying down the hill past her, turning toward the docks. "May as well see what that's all about," she said to herself, following them at a slight distance. They headed for a small crowd that was gathered toward the far end of the dock. Myrna stopped on the staircase that descended toward the water; from her elevated vantage point she could see a body lying lifeless on the wooden planks. Several guardsmen were gathered around, as well as what she assumed were a contingent of sailors from the ship. 

"A ship," she suddenly thought. "Of course." She hurried down the rest of the stairs and approached the group.

"I've already told this gentleman here what happened," Myrna overheard. The voice was Kalissah's.

"And I've already told you, I'm the captain of the guard on duty, and you'll tell me," said one of the guards.

"Two of my crew had too much mead and got quarrelsome with each other. The Argonian put an axe in Grund here. I told him to put it down and he said something threatening. Fearing for my safety, I put an arrow into him, and he fell into the water and sank. Send someone down there, I'm sure you can find him."

Myrna could hear the tone of the conversation remain something less than friendly, but she stopped listening to the words themselves. With everyone focused on the Redguard woman and the captain of the guard, Myrna silently flung herself through the air, grasping on the gunwale with both hands. She quickly pulled herself up onto the deck. A few sailors stood watching the conversation below. Myrna crept behind them into the cabin, and quickly dropped down a short staircase, careful to avoid hitting her head. She peaked quickly into a handful of doors, then heard a quiet sob. Moving toward where she thought the noise had come from, she pushed the door open without a sound. Ilia was curled up on the bed, unaware that the woman she longed to see was right there in front of her. Myrna took three silent steps across the room and softly whispered, "Ilia," at the same time as she gently ran her hand over the Nord's soft hair.

Ilia looked up, and in her heart she was overjoyed to see her lover before her. But she did not let it show on her face, giving instead a look of contempt. "Why don't you just leave me alone, you bitch?" she almost spat, the conflicting emotions that welled inside of her giving rise to heavier tears. 

"I deserve that," Myrna said. "But I won't leave you alone. Come on. We'll get it all worked out. Let's get off this thing." 

"I'm not going anywhere with you," Ilia said through her tears. "Isn't that trampy little wife of yours enough for you?"

"That trampy little wife of mine is probably the most capable warrior in Skyrim, myself excepted. Besides, she's not the trampy one. I am. That's not the point. Please, Ilia. Let's just get off the ship and I'll explain everything."

Ilia knew she would go with the raven-locked Imperial. She wasn't sure what she'd been thinking trying to leave her behind in the first place. But her anger wouldn't allow her to give in so easily. "I know exactly how dangerous you are, Dragonborn," she said, issuing the title as an insult. "But Gods help me, if you don't turn around and walk away from me this instant, I'm going to unleash every ounce of destructive power I can muster at you. You might wind up killing me but by the Nine I'm going to make you hurt!"

"I'm right here," said Myrna, without a hint of malice or fear in her voice. "If that's what you want to do, I won't stop you." Ilia closed her eyes. She knew she was defeated.

"Fine. Let me put my clothes on," Ilia said, throwing the sheets off and making a point of her nakedness. That this was clearly someone else's room was not lost on the Dragonborn, but she said nothing, and merely watched the lithe figure of the beautiful Nord girl dress.

In part from her distraction, and in part from the silence with which the Redguard moved, Myrna had no idea Bergin had crept up behind her until his knife was at her throat.

"What are you doing on this ship, stranger?" he said, confident enough in his advantage to feel that any warnings about not moving were entirely superfluous. Ilia was the first to speak.

"Bergin, put the knife down," she said quietly.

"Because you know her?" he asked.

"Because she'll kill you." Bergin had a hard time believing that, the situation being what it was, but something in Ilia's tone told him she knew something that he didn't about the slatternly-dressed woman whose throat he knew—or thought he knew--he could slash from ear to ear in a split-second. He removed his knife and took a step back.

"Well," he said with playful admiration, trying to defuse the situation but also not entirely joking, "She's got a hell of a fine figure, anyway. We had a fine time last night with the Nord. Be a sight finer still with a fourth."

Myrna shot him a withering glance. "I might kill you yet," she said, without bothering to put any menace into her voice. "Come on, Ilia." She brushed roughly past Bergin into the passageway. As Ilia followed, Bergin gently put his hand on her arm. She shook her head at him and said softly, "Don't." 

On deck, the gangway was just being pulled aboard. Kalissah saw her new crewmember closely following what looked like a common tavern wench, apart from the fierce-looking ebony axe that dangled from her hip. She stepped over quickly to see what was going on.

"Ilia?" she asked.

"I'm sure you're trying to make what's left of the tide," Myrna said. "I don't mean to cause you any delay, but if you could kindly lower the gangway again, we won't trouble you anymore."

Ilia was always surprised at the amount of persuasiveness Myrna could lace into her words. Kalissah motioned to another crew member, and a few seconds later the wooden plank was in place again.

"I take it this is who you were running away from," Kalissah said to Ilia. "You don't have to go."

"I want to," Ilia said. "It's ok. Thank you for everything."

Kalissah bowed slightly as if to say it had been her pleasure. It certainly had been, after all. "We dock here pretty often. You might find us in Dawnstar or Windhelm as well. I'll have a place for you if you want it."

Ilia smiled a little smile at her and then followed her true love down onto the dock.

"Sounds like you had an interesting evening," Myrna said playfully as they climbed the stairs up toward the road.

"Didn't you?" Ilia shot back, unamused.

"I did," Myrna admitted somewhat ruefully. They turned toward Dragonbridge and walked on in silence for nearly an hour. "How about we stop and eat something," Myrna finally said.

"Fine," Ilia said sharply, tossing her pack to the ground. Myrna took some food from her bag and handed an apple and a sweet roll to the Nord woman. The ate in silence.

"How long are we going to do this?" Myrna asked.

"Until I'm not furious at you anymore," Ilia nearly yelled.

"Ilia," Myrna said, moving closer and putting a hand on the Nord's knee. She waited until Ilia looked up and met her gaze. "I'm very sorry for what happened last night. Aela and I...we have." She paused. "I don't know how to say it. A very deep connection."

"Really? Yes, that's one way to describe marriage."

"No, it's much deeper than that. I don't know exactly how to tell you this. I guess I'll just have to say it. Aela and I are...werewolves." 

"What?"

"Were-"

"I heard you. What does that mean, werewolves?"

"I mean we're actually, physically, able to transform into werewolves."

"I've been around you during full moons, Myrna. You've never turned into a werewolf."

"It doesn't work like that. I can do it at will. Or, if I'm at the brink of death, it just happens on it's own. Like a last-ditch defense."

Ilia stared at her lover, unbelieving. "Show me," she finally said."

"If I transform, I'll kill you. I'm not myself when I let the beast blood take over. I can recognize the blood in Aela, and she in me, so we won't harm each other, but even then it's a near thing."

"Wouldn't you just recognize that she was a werewolf too?"

"Well, we don't...transform at the same time, unless we're in the heat of battle or something."

It suddenly dawned on Ilia what Myrna was saying. "Oh, Gods. You mean one of you...oh!" She was simultaneously horrified and, she had to admit to herself, more than a little aroused.

"I know," said Myrna. "It's...not exactly something I'm proud of. But here's what I'm getting at really. I don't want that connection anymore. I have something much better, much more important to me. I have you."

Ilia began to tear up. "Oh, Myrna...I thought I was going to die from heartbreak last night."

"I know. I'm so sorry, my love."

Ilia threw her arms around the Dragonborn and cried into her shoulder, her chest heaving with deep, violent sobs. Myrna held her close until her crying subsided.

"Didn't stop you from having some fun, though," Myrna said, wiping the tears from Ilia's cheeks.

"I just wanted to get back at you."

"Ilia, I don't really care who you fuck. I've never made any claims of possession on your body."

"How can you not care, if you love me?"

"Because I love you, I want you to be happy. And if going to bed with someone else makes you happy, then by all means do so."

"Well, it didn't make me happy," Ilia snapped. "It made me feel dirty and cruel and stupid!" 

"You're none of those things, my dear. I think you might be a bit slutty, but frankly that just makes me love you a little more."

"Do you love me, Myrna? Really?"

"I do, Ilia."

"And I you. I guess...I shouldn't care who you sleep with either, really. But I do."

"That's ok. I'm sorry I hurt you. Look, we're gonna break that connection between Aela and me. I can cure myself of the beast blood."

"I won't ask you to. That's part of who you are, I suppose. It's not my place to make you give that up."

"You're not making me," said Myrna. "There's some danger though. What do you know about the Glenmoril witches?"

"That they're horribly vicious. Why?"

"I need one of their heads. Apparently they're the ones that put some sort of curse on the Companions many years ago. Well, it's a bit more complicated than that, but in any case, I need a head. Then we take it to Ysgramor's tomb up on the north coast, east of Dawnstar. There I can call forth my wolf spirit, and then we kill it, and then no more werewolf. And then you don't have to worry about Aela ever again."

"Why did you marry her?"

"Well...when I first came to Skyrim, she sort of took me under her wing. Coming as I was from my...relationship...with Liana, it just sort of felt natural. Older woman, younger me. She taught me a lot, helped me open myself up to my powers and my destiny. I wouldn't be the warrior I am without her. Besides that, did you get a look at her?"

"She is gorgeous," Ilia admitted. 

"She's got nothing on you," said Myrna, leaning in to kiss her young Nord lover. "And I mean that. Now let's get going; we can probably make it Rorikstead by nightfall if we hurry. I want you in a nice soft bed tonight."

It was an uneventful journey, though well after dark when the two women reached the Frostfruit Inn in the small village on the far western edge of Whiterun Hold. As eager as they both were to make love, the hunger in their stomachs was even more pressing. They took a corner table; Myrna always preferred her back to a wall whenever possible in public situations, and tucked into a bottle of alto wine, some rolls, and salmon steaks. As they ate, Ilia noticed Myrna watching her rather closely.

"What," she finally said, smiling.

"I was just..." Myrna trailed off.

"Just what?" Ilia insisted.

"Well, last night...you, uh...both of them?"

Ilia laughed. "Yes."

"How was that?"

"I already told you."

"Well, yeah, but...but how was it?"

"It was pretty spectacular," Ilia conceded. "That dark skin really turned me on. And his cock! Gods, I thought he would split me in two!"

Myrna made a sort of a noncommittal face.

"You're a little curious, aren't you?" Ilia asked playfully.

"I guess I am," Myrna said. "A little."

"I'm sure one of these fine gentlemen would be willing to join us," Ilia said, gesturing toward the assorted riff-raff gathered about the greatroom of the inn.

Myrna snorted with laughter. "First off, I'll trust myself to be more discriminating. IF the time ever comes. Second, I don't want anybody but you tonight, my dear."

"Speaking of anybody but me, if I might...you don't have any other, I don't know, girlfriends out there, do you?"

"Do you really want to have this conversation?"

"Well, I know I'm not the first person you've been with...what am I up against?"

"You're not up against anything, Ilia. I love you. But, since you asked..."

"I knew it," Ilia said. But she found her heart racing a bit to hear, and the jealousy she'd felt so strongly the night before seemed to have melted away.

"Well, obviously, the girls back in Cyrodiil. When I first got here, even before I met Aela, I was given a housecarl in Whiterun when I became a thane there. Her name was Lydia. She was killed, actually. I fell in with Aela not long after that. I was actually pretty broken up about her death, and more than a little vulnerable. I've got a housecarl in Riften named Iona who was...accompanying me just before I met you."

"And that little blonde thing in Solitude, right?"

"Haven't had her yet."

"Yet?"

"She's cute, isn't she?"

Ilia had to admit that she was.

"Perhaps the three of us, someday..."

Ilia made a face that said, "Perhaps." Myrna reached for the bottle of wine and refilled Ilia's cup, and then her own.

"A lot of housecarls," Ilia said. "How does that work? You just order them to get naked and then have your way?"

Myrna chuckled. "I suppose if it came to that...But really, Ilia, just look at me. It doesn't take a lot of convincing," she joked.

"You're an arrogant little whore, aren't you?" Ilia said with a grin.

"I'm the Dragonborn," Myrna winked. She leaned in and ran her tongue around the inside of Ilia's ear and then whispered, "But I'll your little whore."

It would have been no secret to the few who noticed them hurry from the room what they were rushing off to do, their hands already reaching for indecent places. Ilia cast her robes off in one swift motion, her panties following immediately, even before Myrna had closed the door behind them. They tumbled onto the bed, Myrna still clothed and on top. She swung around, facing away from Ilia, and backed herself onto the Nord's face. Ilia was surprised to see that she wasn't wearing any panties, but didn't stop to think about it too much. She pulled Myrna's skirt up a bit higher and sighed as the nubile Imperial's saltiness filled her mouth. Myrna mashed her tongue into her lover's clit, flicking it back and forth with an expert's touch while pressing back onto Ilia's tongue as it thrust in and out of her. Ilia grasped the supple leather of Myrna's boots as they rested on either side of head, the touch of them heightening her pleasure as she strained to fill her lover with as much of her tongue as she could. Feeling the slickness of the walls of Myrna's pussy squeezing her tongue sent sparkles of pleasure coursing through Ilia's body, and the Dragonborn's talent at cunnilingus was more than a match for her pulsating clitoris. Ilia's hips bucked upward as she came, simultaneously pulling Myrna back onto her even harder. As her face was enveloped by the Imperial's smooth flesh, her nose pressing into Myrna's asshole, she felt her orgasm intensify. 

When the waves of pleasure finally stopped flowing and her body relaxed, Myrna swung off of her, undoing her top to reveal her full, rounded breasts, her large brown areoles standing in sharp contrast to the paleness of the rest of her skin. Ilia sat up and took as much as she could of Myrna's left tit into her mouth, feverishly sucking at it as if it was her only hope for survival. Myrna grasped Ilia's head and pushed her tit further into the Nord's willing wet mouth. The sensation drove Myrna wild, and for the pleasure it brought her, Ilia might as well have been tonguing her clit. Myrna knew her turn would come, but, driven in part by her guilt over the previous night, she wanted to concentrate on pleasuring her young mate. She pulled roughly on Ilia's hair, jerking her head back and freeing her nipple from the succulent young mouth that had just encased it. Bending her head down and tilting Ilia's up, Myrna kissed the Nord strongly, and then pushed her back onto the bed. Ilia's wetness flowed visibly from between her swollen labia, and Myrna wasted no time in slipping two fingers inside. Ilia squirmed as Myrna curled her fingers forward, pressing firmly on the front wall of Ilia's sopping cunt. She kept up the pressure as she began to move slightly in and out, gradually increasing her pace until she was rubbing furiously, bringing Ilia's to another climax. 

Without removing her hand, Myrna added her other two fingers, her eyes locked on Ilia's. Tender love commingled with a filthy desire as their eyes communicated what no words were needed to express. As Ilia's moisture coated Myrna's hand, the Dragonborn added her thumb, stretching her partner's opening. "Was the Redguard's cock that big?" Myrna asked. Ilia could only shake her head; the feeling of her lover's fist inside her was almost overwhelming. As her cunt adjusted to the fullness of Myrna's stationary hand, Ilia began to push against it, slowly at first and then gradually building her pace. "Lie still," whispered the Imperial, her green eyes flashing beautifully in the dim candlelight. She began to pump her fist in and out of Ilia's engorged pussy, never taking it all the way out, the slickness of Ilia's pussy juices allowing it to slide almost effortlessly back and forth. Ilia couldn't believe the sensation of fullness she was experiencing. She had thought the enormous black dick that had pummeled her the night before had been the limit of what she could take, but the way her cunt stretched around her lover's entire hand was taking her to new heights of ecstasy. 

Suddenly Ilia felt Myrna's other hand began to rub her clit, and the orgasm that hit her two seconds later was almost blinding in its intensity. Her entire body convulsed as her eyes rolled back into her head. The moans she usually issued when she came turned instead to guttural grunts as she struggled to even breathe. Myrna didn't slacken her pace with either hand, and she looked on with satisfaction at the contortions of Ilia's face as she continued to climax. For the Nord, the length and power of the orgasm became an ordeal, and she honestly felt for several seconds as if she was about to die. She almost hoped she would; to leave the world in the throes of such pleasure would be, she thought, the best possible death. But at last her cunt stopped spasming, and Myrna's hand dropped away from her now-tender clit. The fist remained within her, though, the heat that pulsed between pussy and hand locking the two women into a sort of trance-like state, each feeling as if they were an intimate part of the other's body.

"You've never looked more beautiful, Ilia," Myrna said finally. 

"I've never felt so beautiful," the Nord replied. 

"This is going to hurt a little," Myrna said, gradually pulling her hand back from deep inside her lover. The suction caused by the tightness and the wetness of Ilia's pussy refused to easily release this new instrument of love. Ilia gasped as finally there was an audible popping noise and Myrna's hand slid from Ilia's grasp. Myrna licked seductively at her fingers, and then offered her hand to Ilia. The taste of her own juices on her lover's hand seemed among the sweetest tastes she had ever experienced, and she sucked hungrily at Myrna's fingers for several minutes until the Dragonborn suddenly straddled her face. She could feel the strength of Myrna's hands and they grasped the back of her head, pushing her mouth roughly onto her lover's cunt. Bucking her hips, Myrna's roughly rode Ilia's face, bringing herself to orgasm in what seemed like both women to be no time at all. Their sweat-covered bodies collapsed onto the bed next to each other, the two lovers softly kissing the rest of their passion away and gradually sinking into sleep.