 This story starts in the far future. The sexes were separated; the only means for babies were vials of sperm from the men.

*

If within the female ranks a male was born; he was shipped off to the males.

This is the story of three special children born in the year of the Red Storm. 3642

"Sarlinda, what did you have?"

"A boy, my lady."

"Cartishenda, what did you have?"

"A girl."

"Name the boy, Sarlinda, and ship him off."

"Yes, my lady." At that she touches him on the cheek and names him 'Tritan'."

"Linda, will you name her for me?"

"Why, Shenda?"

"Because I think you put your whole heart and soul into that boy."

"I did." At that she places him into the carrier. It flickers and disappears, once the name was encoded."

"Oh. Well this little lady will be named Ariesta."

"That is beautiful." At that the sad mother walks away.

As the years pass many notice some strange things about Ariesta. She had some male tendencies. Instead of playing like a gentle little girl, she would rather climb a tree.

While the men were proud of Tritan, he was pure boy with no fears. But they worried about him too. He would scream in near terror of cutting his hair.

Ten years old, but on opposite sides; Ariesta and Tritan had a secrete.

None knew of it and they were going to keep it that way. Each night they could feel when the moon was active in her powers, or each day when the sun was in his.

But what would upset the balance would be the knowledge of each other.

They accidently found each other mentally playing with the moon and her children the stars.

(Ariest, are you going to play tonight?)

(If you like. Where do you wish to go?)

(To the lake, near the falls.)

(Swimming?)

(Not tonight.)

(Okay, when Mistress Moon is at her peak. I will meet you there.)

(Okay.)

Once Mistress Moon was at her peak, the two ten year olds appear.

"Tritan, what is wrong? Why are you so bruised?"

"The men are starting our lessons. They are training us to fight you."

"Why? What gave we done?"

"The men wish to conquer the females."

"So that is why...?"

"What?"

"They have moved me to the warrior's section of the castle."

"So they are gonna start training you too."

"Yes, Tritan, we will mentally connect until we come to battle. But we can't meet anymore."

"I will miss you my friend. Here." At that he cuts some of his long black hair and gives it to her.

"Take some of mine." She sits still for him to cut some of her blondish red hair. Once it was done they both disappear. Back at the castles both children were found gazing up at the moon.

As they years pass, the two become warriors in their own way.

Ariesta was an expert on hand to hand combat. She excelled in weapons fighting.

Tritan was her equal in every way. The two were softly muscled, tall around six feet even, and had a natural cat's grave.

Even all their senses were enhanced, but even as the years passed the two never forgot about each other.

Twenty-one years old, the war starts.

"Lady Karigeen, we are tired of living this way. Join with us in unity or fight."

"Lord Damjor, it will be war. No woman wishes what was done in the past."

"Lady Karigeen, we don't even know what separated us to begin with."

"But we do."

(Ariesta, are you there?) A deep voice softly asks.

(Yes, Tritan.) The husky beauty replies.

(What are they talking about? We were once a joined nation?)

(Yes, many thousand of years ago.)

(What happened?)

(I don't know...they have a lot of theories. But all I do that that is common is that it was all blamed on one man.)

(So how do we stop this damn war before it causes more damage then it already has?)

(We let them know about us?)

(This is one time I wish Mistress Moon or Master Sun could speak to us.)

(Agreed.) At that the two open their eyes and gaze into the others.

To the shock of others on both sides of the field the two step out to greet the other after eleven years of no vision.

"Tritan, wow you have grown."

"And you Ariesta, are even more beautiful then ever." To the shock of both the lady and lord the two hug each other.

"Daughter?!"

"Son?!"

"Yes?" both ask.

"How do you know this man?"

"Dancing under Mistress Moon."

"How do you know this female?"

"Dancing under Mistress Moon."

"But no one under the age of thirty is allowed out of the castle."

"There are more then one way to leave the castle, father." Tritan laughs.

"And you young woman."

"Just like he said, mother." Grins the beauty.

"Why?" both parents ask in one voice.

"Because in each other we found balance."

"Balance for what, little one?"

"The unity balance, Lord Damjor."

"Explain, please."

"The Master Sun and Mistress Moon. They are united by their children the stars. We know that they are together. They just work different hours."

"But every now again they come together as one." Ariesta replies softly

"What do you think we should do? Forget what happened those many years ago and become one again."

"I don't know Lady Karigeen, but if the men don't remember it why are we still dwelling on it?

To the shock of all Tritan folds his arms around Ariesta's waist. Then suddenly they both vanish.

"How in the hells did they do that? And Lord Damjor, I want know who the fathers are of those children."

"Hell woman, I want to know who the mothers are."

"Agreed, meet me near the falls between the castles."

"Fine, two hours."

Two hours later, six adults meet at the falls to see a beautiful sight. Both Tritan and Ariesta naked asleep on the bank, their hair fluttering in the gentle breeze.

"Tritan, Ariesta?"

Upon hearing their names the two look up to see their parents with unknowns.

"These are your parents. Come and meet them." As the two stand wraps magically appear to cover their bodies.

"Daughter, I am Shaden."

"I am called Ariesta, welcome into my life." To his surprise and joy she hugs him.

"Son, I am called Sarlinda."

"I am Tritan. Welcome into my life, mother." With that he hugs her. "You loved me anyway."

"Yes, will you introduce me to your father, please?"

"Mother, this is my father. He is called Neptune." At her startled look he bursts out laughing.

"Greetings, my lady. Thank you for Tritan, the most stubborn child in the whole male castle.

"Welcome."

"Ariesta, will you introduce me to your mother?"

"Yes, father, meet my mother, Cartishenda."

"Greetings, my lady."

"Greetings to you, the Lord who sired the most unlady female ever born."

"Welcome."

"Now sense we have gotten that out of the way. What in the hell are the two of you?"

"Nothing special." Tritan smiles.

"Son, please. What is going on? How did you disappear?"

"Teleportation." Whispers Ariesta.

"How do you know this, daughter?"

"Because father I have the same gifts."

(Tell them all that we can do?)

(I guess.)

"Ariesta, Tritan?"

(Yes.) Both reply as their voices echo through the minds of the six.

"How did you do that?" Sarlinda asks.

(We don't know how we do a lot of things. It just comes to us when needed, mother.) Tritan whispers gently in all minds.

"So both of you have the same skills?"

(Yes, Neptune.) Ariesta replies just a softly.

"Tell me children, what year were you born?"

"3642, Lady Karigeen." Both reply.

"Lady, they were the only children born that year. There was a star shower. We called it a Red Storm, remember?"

"I remember. I also recall that all the women who were pregnant that year lost their babies."

"The Red Storm was the catalysts for change. We need to come together not fight. If we come together then all will be fine."

"But Ariesta, men don't know how to be true."

"Lady Karigeen, do you remember who started the wrong?"

"It was a man who started the wrong, Tritan."

"What did we do that was so damn wrong? If the men can't remember, then remind us. Let us fix the wrong."

"I wish I could, Tritan."

"What do you mean?"

(She doesn't know, Tritan. There is a book that resides within her mind, but the reason doesn't reside in it.)

"What?!" six people exclaim out in surprise and anger.

"Lady Karigeen, is this true?"

"Yes, but the main subject within the book over and over was the pain of this man. He had hurt her."

"So over time this has been the females' greatest fear?"

"Yes, Lord Damjor." At that she looks down in shame.

"A thousand years?!" Tritan yells to the sky. Suddenly it starts to rain in a down pour.

"Tritan! Calm yourself, please." At that he turns to her. The rain trickles down to a drizzle.

"Better?"

"Will you dry us off, please." Suddenly a breeze flows over their bodies. "Thank you." And to the shock of all he leans down and kisses her.

"Why did you touch lips with her, Tritan?"

(A showing of affection, Lord Damjor.)

"Does she feel the same affection, when she does it to you?"

(I know what a kiss is, Lord Damjor. I am the one who showed it to him.)

"Damjor, don't you have ways to release pressure?"

"No, Karigeen, after the age of thirteen we practice celibacy."

"We sure as hell don't. Actually we pair off with a woman of same age. Maybe we should come together and see what we can do."

"Ariesta, do you have a partner?"

"No, Tritan, I wanted something different."

"Like what?"

"Show you later, promise. Let's deal with this first. Okay."

"Okay."

Over the next hours the eight discuss what they could do to prevent war. They knew that the Elders of both castles wouldn't agree on everything.

(How about using Tritan and myself?)

(Explain, please.)

"How about we live a couple of weeks in the Male Castle and a couple of weeks in the Female?"

"I will sleep only with you in the Female. No other shall know me."

"The same shall be done in the Male. Only you shall know me. I will only sleep with you."

"Damjor, do you think it can be done this way?"

"I don't know, Karigeen. But we can try, but each will be protected in each castle. Shaden, you will help Tritan, protect your daughter."

"Yes, my lord."

"Sarlinda, you will help Ariesta protect you son."

"Yes, my lady."

"Now, where do they go first?" Neptune asks as he looks at both castles.

"Your guess is as good as any." Cartishenda replies softly.

(Where do you want to go?)

(Doesn't matter. I'm curious about the male castle.)

(As am I about the female castle.)

(How about we leave it up to the moon?)

(Explain.)

(If she is full we will go to each others home alone. Waxing is you while waning is to me. Okay.)

(Okay.)

"If the moon is in the waxing phase, then we will go to the male castle. If it is in the waning phase then we will go to the female." Ariesta replies as both Tritan and herself watch the moon appear in the sky.

Softly with only the wind and water could hear them they praise Mistress Moon.

"Mistress Moon,

Shining so Bright

Tell us where to go tonight.

Females or Males

Which by your phase

Will be our home tonight."

Suddenly the moon appears in waning phase.

"It looks as though I will be sleeping with you, Ariesta." Grins Tritan with his long black hair blowing in the gentle breeze.

"Looks that way. Neptune, two weeks. He will return to you whole in health and mind."

"I trust you, Ariesta. And besides his mother will also protect him."

After everyone returns to their homes, the two sit out under the sky letting the world turn.

(How do you think they took to Lady Karigeen telling them the news?)

(Only the Mistress knows.)

(Are you ready to go in?)

(Might as well, no use staying out here.)

(Then let's go. You travel us there.)

(My room then.) At that he enfolds her in his embrace then they disappear.

In the Female Castle, the two appear to gawking faces.

"Ariesta? I thought Lady Karigeen had lost her mind when she told us a male would be staying within the castle walls with you."

"She is sane, Jorisha. Goodbye." At that she mentally closes the door in all faces.

(The first rule about some females is that they are extremely nosey. They wish to be in everyone's affairs, but don't wish you in theirs.)

(And you are one of the few that doesn't really give a damn.)

(Correct. Tonight I will obtain dinner, you keep safe here.)

(Okay.) Thinking about the small dinner served to the warriors and then looking back at him, the beauty doubles the food and brings it back to them.

"This is plenty for both of us, Ariesta. Come join me." At that she settles beside him to eat.

After dinner was consumed the two look at each other in wonder.

(Now what, Ariesta?)

(We bathe. Follow me...never mind. Just take my hand.) At that they disappear.

As the two appear in the bathing chamber, everyone becomes silent. Watching the two as Ariesta leads him to a calm part of the room.

Ariesta lets the sarong slither from her body to pool at her feet. Turning she watches Tritan drop the loincloth from around his hips and take her hand. They both step into the water.

(Can you tell them to continue their baths?)

(No, love, they only mainly listen to the lady. I'm just a low class warrior. But if we go head and wash then we can leave.)

(Fine by me.) At that Tritan reaches behind her an releases the thick reddish blond braid going down her back. He finds the soap and slowly washes her to the shock of them all.

(That feels so good, Tritan.)

(Lean forward. Rest your hands against the rim of the pool.)

Doing as he asks, Ariesta leans against the rim of the pool giving him her complete trust.

He cleans her body; giving her all of his attention and love. After rinsing her off he leans over her body and starts kissing her down.

"Your turn, Tritan."

"Okay." Everyone watches while he sinks below the surface to wet his body.

Ariesta washes him in the same sweet loving way that he did to her. Leaving no area untouched.

(Why does your stomach tighten when I come close to your male part?)

(For the same reason you tremble when I came to the crease of your thighs.)

(Pleasure?)

(Extreme pleasure.) At that he leans over and kisses her.

"Tritan, Ariesta, is everything okay?"

(He is fine, Sarlinda.) Ariesta moans as she feels him slide his hands down to grab her ass.

"Okay, but a little advice from me. Take it to your room."

"No, problem, mother. Say goodbye, Ariesta."

"Goodbye." The beauty replies as they shimmer from view.

"Sarlinda that is your son?"

"Yes, Carmendi, that is my son, Tritan."

"Why is he kissing all over Ariesta that way?"

"Did the lady of the castle Female explain why he was here?"

"Yes, she did. But my mind ceased functioning after the male in our domain part."

"Then you need to ask the ones who paid attention."

"But you know more of the situation."

"That may be true. But you need to ask someone else." At that Sarlinda leaves thinking of the look on Ariesta's face.

In her room in the castle, Ariesta had Tritan stretched out on her bed.

(What are you going to do to me?)

(Love you.) At that she straddles his body. Kissing and rubbing her self over him.

Going down his body she feels the thickness of his shaft nudge the untried opening of her body.

"Ariesta?"

"Yes."

"Do something. Please!" suddenly Tritan raises up and tears through her hymen and tears a muffled scream from her.

(I'm so sorry. Forgive me for hurting you.)

(Just let me lay here on you for a few minutes.)

(No problem.) At that he gathers her close to lie in the cradle of his arms while still buried dead within her body.

After only moments of resting deep within her body; Tritan feels the gentle pulses of her pussy caressing his cock.

(I have to move, love.)

"Then do so." At that she drapes her legs on each side of his hips and lifts a little.

"Stay there." As he starts a gentle thrust; he feels her passage accepting more and more of him. Raising his knees and placing his feet flat to the floor he surges upward with force.

"Do it again, Tritan." Ariesta moans as she lowers her body some more.

"This?" at that he repeats the action.

"Yes." Soon the two find a rhythm that had them both moaning with pleasure.

"I think you'll be deeper if I'm on my back."

"Okay." Tritan replies as he eases from the tight grip of her cunt.

Turning over they see the evidence of her lost innocence.

"Come into me my lovely warrior. Join us as one." Ariesta whispers as she watches them come together.

(Are you okay?)

(Perfect.) At that she lifts her hips to sink him in deeper.

"Goddess. I hope to the great ones..." thrust "that I don't hurt..." thrust harder "you." Tritan pants as he lets her have all of him.

Reaching between their bodies Tritan finds the hidden knot exposed with the stretching of her flesh. Slowly he starts to rub over it as he hammers away inside her.

(Tritan, something is happening.)

(Hurt?)

"No!" screams the beauty as her body convulses around him.

As all hear her scream they rush towards her room. Entering it they hear Tritan growl out in completion.

"Ariesta, we have company."

"We do...Tritan something is happening. I don't feel good."

"Neither do I, my love." At that he flips them over until they are resting on their sides still joined.

Suddenly a web of silver covers their bodies. It looked like the thread from a spider's web, but with the lominece of the moon. And as the sun rose the next morning the web became reddish gold.

"Lady Karigeen, how long do you think they will be in that thing?"

"I don't know, Grand-Lady Demarlow."

"Find out. I want to know what she was screaming about last night."

"I'll do what I can." Watching the Great-Lady walk away, Karigeen, wishes they would have gone to the Male Castle first.

Inside the cocoon both Ariesta and Tritan were changing. Soon they would emerge from their stasis more beautiful then before.

Seven days of the cocoon both Tritan and Ariesta leave the safety of it to stare are one another in stunned amazement.

(Are you still my heart?) Tritan asks.

(Are you still my soul?) Ariesta asks.

"Yes." Both reply.

Tritan's once dark hair was literally laced with silver. But his once blue eyes were now so dark they were nearly black. His body was so muscular that he would frighten most people away. Wide chest, small waist, thick thighs, and thicker cock, but all in all it was the wings that held Ariesta's attention. They looked like those of a bat's but thicker and denser to hold his weight.

Ariesta's once reddish gold hair now looked like the rays of the sun. Her once brown eyes looked like fire resided within them. Her body was muscular, but in a soft gentle way. Large breasts, small waist, gently flared hips, and a smooth pussy, but all in all it was the wings that held Tritan's attention. They were like those of a dove but with more feathers.

"I think I want my mom."

"Call mine while you are at it."

(Sarlinda, mother can you come to us.)

Down in the Great Hall both Sarlinda and Cartishenda rush from the room. Bursting into the room a few minutes later they both come to a halt.

"What in the hell happened to the two of you?!" both mothers' scream.

"When we found pleasure it changed us." Replies the sultry voice of Ariesta.

"Even your voice is different."

"I know, Sarlinda. You should hear your son's."

"Tritan?"

"Mother." Rumbles the deep bass.

"Damn. Son, go to your father and the Lord of your castle. They must be informed on what has happened. We will do the same here and be careful."

"Promise, and you be careful, my love."

"I love you too much to do much else."

"As I love you." At that he spreads his wings and disappears.

After standing there for a few minutes more, Ariesta feels Tritan connect with her mentally.
