 ((Ok, so I recently wandered back and noticed someone had posted a comment requesting more of this series. Since I had some ready I decided to submit them after a few touch ups. For those looking for plot, I assure you, it IS coming in the future of this pair.))

*

Teg looked around bemused, he was...well, he wasn't sure where exactly. She was smiling at him, expectantly, the woman that just a few hours..minutes? ago he'd first seen and then caught and ravished to their mutual enjoyment. He burned with shame over his actions, unable to believe he was capable of doing those things..despite that she hadn't struggled, hadn't protested, had given every evidence of enjoying her ravishment, he shouldn't be in here with her... wait...where was here? He looked around...There was nothing here...except...

Except that out of the corner of his eye...he DID see things here...but whenever he looked directly at them, they were gone. He couldn't tell what they were from those barest glimpses, but he knew something strange was going on. Each glimpse was different...as if...as if there was more here then could be seen directly. Teg shook his head, there was a headache coming on, he could feel it. The woman, with concern in her eyes touched his arm gently. She smiled, a little sadly, and with a gesture to him, she walked off. He couldn't keep his eyes off her round bottom as she walked, and the curve of her hips. 

He sighed as her image faded into the nothingness the surrounded him. Her body...it was a masterpiece of nature, perfectly designed for the purpose of procreation...and to drive any male wild with the need to help her achieve that purpose. He felt a touch on his arm and turned to the side. There she was, smiling at him, his gaze fixed on her firm breasts for a timeless, breathless moment...until his lungs demanded air and he gasped for it while she giggled at him. He resolutely turned his gaze away from her twin mounds, and only then noticed she was holding a bowel in her hands. He reached out to take it from her, It was filled with some unknown substance, it was brown and crumbly, the bowl itself was made out of wood...and yet, "made" was not quite the right term, as it looked more as though it had grown in that shape, rather then been carved...

Teg pulled a handful of the material out and poured it into his mouth...mashed nuts, it was a bowl filled with crushed nuts. He ate swiftly, not realizing how hungry he'd been until this moment. When he finished eating, he looked toward the strange woman "Thank you." he said awkwardly, trying to keep his gaze on her face...his eyes kept drifting lower, to those twin mounds...following the curves of her hips...he jerked his eyes back up again. Her eyes were filled with mirth, she gestured at the bowl again, and he looked at it...It was now brimming with clear clean water...he lifted it to his lips, not even questioning the strangeness anymore and drank deeply. As he raised the bowl higher to drink the last of the water from it, he felt a warm finger running along the length of his penis. It had taken all of his self control to this point to not become aroused, self control which now failed as he began to harden under her touch. He dropped the bowl and turned away from her. "No! I-I'm sorry for what I did earlier..it was wrong of..." He stopped suddenly, it felt like a bolt of lightning struck him again, something surged through him, and he was reaching for her before he even knew what he was doing. She laughed aloud as his hand closed around her breast, his thumb rubbing her nipple. He bent down to take her other nipple in his mouth, rolling it around his lips, teasing it with his tongue until it was stiffly standing out from her breast. She wrapped her arms around him and with a tug on him let herself fall backwards to land in a soft bed, he fell with her, and landed beside her. He moved so that he half lay across her, his weight holding her down as he wormed a hand between her legs to stroke gently at her outer lips. 

He turned his head in order to nibble gently at her other nipple, the one he'd been fingering at first, She gasped as his teeth gently touched it, and it stiffened immediately. Her legs spread slightly, and he slid his hand further down between them. He slipped his fingers inside of her outer lips and gently pulled back the hood of her clitoris, taking the nub between his thumb and forefinger he gently rolled it around between them. She gasped and moaned and bucked against him as he held her down, He twisted himself to get a better angle between her legs and with his free hand pushed two fingers inside of her, she shivered and pushed her hips against his arms trying to pull his fingers more deeply inside of her, her cunt sucking on them as he wiggled them, giving her a good internal tickling. 

He continued his toying with her clitoris even as his fingers invaded her body, he thrust them in and out, wiggled them around inside of her as she rocked her hips and writhed beneath his weight, lowering his head down he removed his fingers from her clit and began running them up and down her lips, as he took that hardened nub of flesh into his mouth to suck on it, and roll it between his lips and tease it with his tongue. He pierced her sopping pussy with a third finger and began to quickly force them in and out of her body, he was rewarded with squeals of pleasure and a rush of juice on his hands. He lifted his face and, pulling his fingers out of her body he sucked on them. Again, as he sucked on her fluids he felt a tingling rush through him, and a second bolt of energy struck him. He lifted himself off the bed and moved around to the side. She struggled to a sitting position but he shoved her back down on the bed, gripping her by her upper arms and holding her down on it. He pushed her legs apart with his knees, not that she resisted much. He looks up at her face, into her eyes. She was gasping and moaning as she squirmed against his hold on her arms, but her eyes seemed to have amusement within them...then she blinked and all he saw in her eyes was the rising tide of pleasure. 

With one motion he buried himself deep inside of her soaking pussy, and she jumped and tried to writhe away from the sudden penetration, but his grip wouldn't let her as he began stroking into her. Her muscles grabbed his cock as he stroked, pulling it further in, fighting against the backstroke as he pulled away from her only to pound back into her. She was crying out, though no words did she speak, as he continued to ravish her tender body, again and again he plunged into her depths, each thrust bringing another cry from her lips. His weight held her mostly still on the bed and he was treated to a fantastic view of her breasts bobbing up and down each time he thrust against her. Her pussy clenched against his cock, tightening to an almost painful level as she writhed with sudden ecstasy. He gasped as her body gripped his, the sudden sensation causing him to push himself deep inside of her as he shuddered with release, and filled her with hot semen. As he spurted inside of her her pussy began pulsing against him, massaging, milking him for more of the warm fluid. 

He collapsed on top of her, panting with exertion. He rested, still within her body, her muscles still spasming softly against him, causing him to squirm. Teg lifted his head, his eyes incredulous to look into the deep green pools that were her eyes. "Are you doing this to me?" he whispered "Are you making me do these things or am I really so..." She touched her fingers to his lips gently as she nodded at him. "You...are? why?" 

The dryad smiled sadly at him...unable to answer his question she gently kissed him and wrapped her arms around him.