 ((This story was originally two separate ones, but I decided to merge them. As always feel free to make comments!))

*

Xeran watched her guest with a smile on her lips, as he slept peacefully on the bed of moss. She wondered idly what he saw it as. It had been a long time since she'd brought a human here...two hundred years at least. They always slept after she Called them. 

She sighed sadly and rose to her feet; she stepped out of the mystic otherspace and walked along one of the branches of the great tree. Settling down on the wide branch near the top she spread herself out to get some spring sunlight. She glared angrily at the ugly scar running down the top of her tree, one long twisting path of blackened and charred wood running half the height of the tree. She closed her eyes and let the sun fill her with warmth. 

Xeran ground her teeth in frustration. There was a similar scar ran across her mind...She'd been peacefully enjoying the raging storm until suddenly her body was blasted by white heat and pain that didn't fade for hours...she still ached with the memory. Ever since that night she'd been different...She'd lost some things...she couldn't remember, no longer understood what the Need that filled her in the spring was, or why it made her body itch, burn and ache... Though she did remember how to ease that Need, she didn't know why it felt so good. When Teg had first approached her, she discovered another thing that she no longer remembered...she could no longer speak a human language. 

With some effort, she COULD remember a time when she DID know these things...she remembered speaking with her last guest, she could remember she'd always been eager for spring to start, despite the discomfort that sometimes happened when she didn't have anyone that could help her with that Need.

She was thrilled when Teg had caught a hint of her presence and come to investigate, both because he would help her with the burning ache that the season caused in her body, and she sensed that somehow he'd be able to help her heal the scar on her mind...if not on her tree. When he'd come close enough, she'd Called him. As they always did when she Called, he came to her. She expected him to be so caught up in the Call, as the others always had been, that he would take her immediately. However, he touched her body before succumbing to the demands of the Call. He even tasted her, and he'd put something of himself inside of her that was different then what the Call demanded...It had felt great too. Something about the event had caused a bell to ring in her mind, something about it was important.

But she couldn't remember what. 

Xeran sighed again...Her body was growing hot in the sunlight, and the need was starting to rise again and while it would be some time before it became uncomfortable... Maybe she should see what he would do when not under the influence of her Call...

She snuggled close to him as he drowsed, her skin felt warm, almost hot against his. He blinked in the dim light and looked around. Her arm was trailed over his side across his stomach, her breasts pressed close against his back and the rest of her was fitted neatly against him. Simply imagining how she must look curled up around him so made his breath catch in his throat. Teg sighed softly as his body reacted both to her presence and his mental image. She giggled softly hearing him. 

Something in his mind had changed as he slept, no...Not changed exactly...but he was thinking differently about the situation he found himself in. Dryads, of course, weren't real...despite all the arguments that cryptomagizoologists made for why they could be real; no one had ever reported seeing, hearing or ever encountering one before. And yet...she had escaped the hold of the belt he'd used to tie her to the tree while he ravished her...without untying...without in fact, leaving any evidence that she'd BEEN tied to it...except the belt itself. Then there was the way, that first time, and again last...wait, was it even day? Or was it night? Well, before he'd slept...whatever it was she'd done to make him forget his normal, automatic shyness around women...forget it? Gods, the only reason why what he'd done wasn't forcing her was because she wanted it so badly. Then there was the tree...the tree that she'd pulled him INTO as though it wasn't actually there. 

Everything about this so far screamed Dryad...or other form of Nymph...but dryad seemed most likely. And that left him...what? It was quite simply one of three...he was dreaming, he was being tricked, or he was crazy. When he came to that realization, something else in him dropped away. No matter which one it was, there was no need to be shy or hesitant about it...this woman seemed quite willing to indulge him in whatever way he wanted, so why shouldn't he enjoy himself? If it was trick...well, he'd deal with the consequences later. Though, something made him think it wasn't...how could anyone have reached into his mind to make him behave like that?

He sat up, gently untangling himself from her as she smiled wistfully at him. "Is there a place to wash around here?" he asked. She nodded and took his hand in her own...her hand felt warm and soft enclosed in his own...and she pulled on him gently as she stood up. He rose with her and she took a couple steps...and light flooded around him. He covered his eyes with his other hand at the burst of sudden sunlight and looked around. They were standing in front of a pool of water, an offshoot of a clear river. The strange woman let go of his hand and slid into the water with a delighted look on her face. He smiled as he watched her dive under the water, giving him a perfect view. He slid into the water himself. It wasn't cold, as he'd been half expecting; it'd been warmed by the sun and felt like silk against his skin as he sank into it. The bottom wasn't muddy either..it felt like sand, the side of the bank actually felt like stone. Hmm...I wonder if this is natural...or if it's been improved in various ways. He thought to himself as he swam. Well, either way, soap was out...he'd have to settle for just soaking himself clean. And maybe having some fun too, he thought as the woman surfaced, throwing her head back as the water streamed down her body, over her breasts. She moved over to him, barely disturbing the water at all, and pressed herself against him. He took her in his arms gently and leaned back to half float in the water. He closed his eyes as he felt her hands brushing against his cock, already stiffened from the spectacle of her beauty. He smiled mischievously, This wouldn't exactly be what she expected...he hoped. 

He took a deep breath, and released it slowly, only to inhale another as she ran a finger along his stomach, after a few moments of deep breathing he began to exercise his own brand of magic...he joined his mind with the water. The woman had given up on him being responsive for the moment and was moving toward the center of the pool when she stopped. She was standing in water up to her neck, and the water had started to flow around her. A slow current had started, one that caressed her tits with cool water, another brushed against her waist, and bent around her, the water flowing across her legs and between them. He heard her breathing quicken as the water began to flow faster against her. Even though his eyes were closed he could still "see" her through the water itself, and he saw her feet rise from the floor of the pool as she started to swim to the side. She didn't escape the current however, it continued to flow against her, in fact the water was pushing against her outer lips, pushing them apart to lap against the cleft of her body and her clit. Swirling against her nipples, which were starting to stand out stiffly and her body, began to flush with arousal. She was moaning, her legs growing weak, and she stopped swimming, and started walking unsteadily. Just as she reached the edge, the water gathered itself together and pushed into her body, she yelped at the sensation of penetration and started climbing out, but a swift current caught her foot and dragged her back fully into the water. Her head went down, but not under, as the water pulled away from her face allowing her to breathe as it forced her to the bottom of the pool. The water wasn't simply flowing now...it was kneading her breasts and swirling around her nipples, causing a sucking sensation. The tendrils of water that had entered her body spread deeper inside of her, flowing strongly while more water lapped and swirled and sucked on her clit. She was near the bottom of the pool now, her head protruding into a cylinder of clear air while her body was abused by the water, she was moaning and gasping.

Teg's eyes were open now, and watching her as his mind directed the water in it's motions, she writhed against the water's grip as she moaned. A current was spreading her legs further and further apart as water surged into her twitching pussy, and flowed out, only to surge back inside. She screamed suddenly, and her body shook with her climax, the water ceased to swirl around her clit for awhile, waiting for the heightened sensitivity to fade a bit. However it continued to surge into her body to foam against her inner walls. Her breasts did not receive a break, only a lessening of pressure, the cool water continued to flow across her skin. The contrast of the cool water against a body that was burning hot with desire and arousal must have been intense; he could see she was already working toward a second climax. In proof of that her body began twitching violently once more. She turned her head to look at him with a pleading look in her eyes. But not to stop, oh no...She wanted this to continue...but she wanted to feel HIM inside her pussy and not the surge of water. He walked over to her, the water parting from him as he moved. He stood behind her for a moment, watching as she twitched and writhed and bucked her hips against the water invading her, Water which withdrew from her suddenly, leaving her aching and empty, it was only moments before she was as wet inside as she had been when being ravished by water. She whimpered at the emptiness as he approached. She was lifted gently, her arms drifted down to support her as he placed his hands around her hips. The water flowed away from the entrance to her body, but a current held open her lips, and he spent several moments just looking into her body. She whimpered again as the water began to swirl around her breasts faster. He smiled, with one hand he set the tip of his cock at the entrance to her body, placed that hand on her hip again and pushed forward. 

She cried out as he entered her and began to thrust, water rushed against her clit in tempo with his thrusts and she shuddered repeatedly as her cunt grabbed him and began sucking and pulsing against him. Her body clenched against him tightly twice more as he thrust slowly and deeply into her hot depths. Water rushed away from her body, leaving her to suddenly support most of her own weight, and the sudden LACK of sensation against her nipples, while her clit continued to have water swirl around it, and her cunt was being massaged by his cock caused her to tighten and cry out again, as he buried himself as deep inside of her as he could reach and grunted as he coated her inner walls with his seed. Filled now, the water rushed away from her body and she let herself rest on the sandy bottom of the pool. 

Teg pulled out of her and settled down beside her, looking up at the clear water above them as they rested from their exertions. He smiled to himself as she snuggled up to him, his hand resting gently on her breast. 

Hours later, after seemingly endless rounds of splashing, dunking, and sex, she grabbed his arm and pulled him back into that strange space he'd been earlier. She rested one finger on his lips her eyes intent, as though she'd made a decision, and vanished. 

Teg lounged on the bed, his body relaxed but his mind spinning. The last few days...or did it only seem like days? How long had he actually been here with her...Had been so different from his daily life that he wasn't sure of anything at all anymore. He'd been cast from a humdrum day to day existence into a world of constant sensuality and eroticism. Part and parcel of which was a seemingly young woman who walked around displaying all of her assets as though it was the most natural thing to be walking through a forest without a stitch of clothing. Who could set his blood afire without so much as a glance at him, a woman who not only accepted his most random assaults on her body, but seemed to enjoy her ravishment more the rougher he was with her. 

Not that he'd ever hurt her...his blood froze at the thought. He was incapable of doing her any serious harm. 

He thought... prior to meeting her, he'd thought himself incapable of forcing a woman...but within the first few moments of seeing her, he'd tied her to a tree and performed what would have been a most horrible act...if it hadn't been for her pussy clenching around him and her breathless moans with each thrust.

During those times, he seemed different, and yet not different than normal. He lost all restraint and at the same time gained an insatiable drive. Teg wasn't sure if she caused it to happen or if it just happened to anyone near her randomly...or, horrific as it was to contemplate...was he really like that when no one was around to stop or punish him? 

Heaving a large confused sigh Teg sat up. Right now, he wasn't actually sure it mattered much. Though she'd never said a word it was obvious by her behavior that she was not being forced against her will...and her enjoyment of his lapses of control were undeniable. Wasn't it? His mind buzzed from subject to subject without pause. Why didn't she say anything? Could she even talk, or was she mute...she SEEMED to understand what he was saying...So it didn't seem to be a language problem.

The sound of a bare foot on wood made him turn around. She was standing behind him, holding another wooden bowl. Her glorious body remained unadorned, but her eyes...Her eyes were strangely different this time. Almost nervous as she sat beside him, and handed him the bowl. Like before it was filled with mashed nuts, but it looked like something else too. He scooped out some on his fingers and found that they were covered with something sticky and dark colored. The concoction smelled strangely sweet too, he lifted his fingers to his mouth to taste the combination. Flavor exploded on his tongue, the sticky mass was indeed sweet tasting, almost like some kind of syrup, but there was also a -depth- to the taste that he hadn't ever experienced before. The tastes of the nuts themselves were lost beneath this greater experience. He scooped up more and began eating greedily, with each mouthfull of the sticky mass he felt a tingleing that quickly grew to a pressure...but a pressure over his entire body. He began to feel as though his skin was too tight against that internal (magical?) pressure. Energy danced around him, half sensed, and the fog that surrounded the bed began to writhe...And the bed itself shifted, becoming a flat rock with a very thick covering of moss. 

A buzzing filled his ears as he continued to eat...couldn't stop now if he wanted to, something was building inside of him. He scooped up the last of the bowl and licked his fingers clean. Without pausing, without thinking, he reached for her. She didn't make a move or sound of protest as he pressed her down on the moss, and as her back rested on it his hand moved down her body to rub between her legs. Feeling the folds of her sex between his fingers he stroked gently for only a brief moment before forcing one of his fingers inside her body. She didn't move...seemed almost listless as he invaded her, already soaked, pussy. Part of him was worried about her reaction, or rather, her lack of one. But he couldn't stop. He pushed his finger inside and began feeling around her, running his fingertip along her vaginal walls, exploring her body gently. He lowered his head to kiss her softly, his tongue pressing against her inert lips, slipping inside her slightly open mouth. Still, she didn't move, didn't make a sound, she was staring off into space, unseeing. He moved down to take one of her nipples in his mouth. It was standing stiffly away from her breasts as he sucked at it. He felt a rough spot inside of her body, toward her stomach and stroked it gently, hoping to incite some reaction from her, but she remained limp on the bed. He stood, slipping his finger out of her cunt and walked the short distance to stand in front of her, sucking her juices from his finger as he did. As they slid down his throat the pressure inside of him built to a crescendo roar. He spread her legs gently with his hands, pulling her towards him, and plunged himself inside her. Her warm wetness surrounded him and placing his hands on her hips he began to stroke inside her. Again and again he thrust into her, as she lay there unmoving under his assault. 

Over time his thrusting began to slow...unintentionally. He was feeling strange....lightheaded. He was having trouble maintaining his balance, his vision was blurring. His knees buckled and he fell on top of her, his chest crushing against her tits. Now...now she reacted. Her eyes, that moments before had been almost empty, filled with life again. He could see so much in her emerald eyes in that moment, as her cunt pulsed around his cock still buried deep inside of her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his chest, As he lay limply on top of her, one of her hands was against the back of his head as she started grinding her hips against his, making soft sounds of pleasure as she gyrated. She fastened her lips to his and returned the kiss he'd given her earlier, as she writhed under him. She broke the kiss and smiled into his eyes, and then she started sliding out from under him. Had he been able to, he would have groaned as his cock slid out of her hot, wet slit, and she moved out of his line of sight. A brief moment later she slide her hand under his stomach and began to lift him...she was uncommonly strong he realized as she carefully turned him over onto his back.

His eyes were going dark, and his entire body was limp...except for his throbbing dick, which if anything had gotten -more- sensitive as the rest of his body stopped obeying. He saw her bend over, her brown hair cascading down in a veil shielding her actions from his sight. He couldn't move, couldn't talk, couldn't even moan with pleasure as her lips wrapped around his shaft and her wet tongue slid over the head of his cock. Her hand closed around the length of his shaft her mouth hadn't claimed and began sliding up and down as she bobbed her head in time with the movements of her hand. His vision was completely dark, and he was losing sensation everywhere...everywhere except his cock, that is. She opened her mouth and ran her tongue all along this length, twisting and turning around him before her lips closed around his head again. Her tongue gently slide around the tip and she gently slipped the tip of her tongue underneath his foreskin and began circling it just underneath. Had he been able to move he would have shivered at the sensation, gasped at it. He wanted to move his hips, to thrust into her mouth as far as he could reach to appease the building pressure. He couldn't even manage a whimper of pleasure. 

He couldn't say how long he laid there, under her oral assault, time had ceased to mean anything...there was only the feeling of her mouth and tongue against his hard cock. He wanted to move, his body demanded he move, but he couldn't. Patiently, and unrelentingly she contiued to suck and lick and caress him the pressure was intolerable. Her lips closed around his head as he exploded soundless, filling her mouth with his seed. Nothing dripped down on to him, she must have swallowed it, was his last coherent thought. He was still stiff and throbbing even after that, as she licked him clean. A few moments (minutes?) Later he felt his cock enfolded by a slick heat, as she impaled herself on his cock and began moving.
