 Natalie was bored with her life and when she was told she had to try out this environmental simulator she agreed. When she arrived she was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen. Then the program would be activated and she would read the instructions and agree to conditions of the test. 

She touched the screen. It lit up and after asking for her personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description Natalie zipped through it she wanted to get to the exciting part. She clicked the understand button and it went on to inform her that she would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes she would have to be unclothed. Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' She felt it was odd but removed her clothing and clicked agree. She read that the exit door would lead her to the options room and from there she would select what environment to test. Her clothing would be on other side and then she would fill out a short survey about her experience. 

She entered the options room seeing the a wide range of doors in front of her. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. Natalie felt silly and she wondered what was behind some of the doors. She accidentally touched a door and the neutral voice said, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Natalie cursed her luck as she saw the words N: Nature on the door as it opened. Of all the places she could have picked she got a normal one. She entered and noticed how peaceful it was. She heard what sounded like a horse and headed in the direction of the noise. When she got there she was amazed, before her lay a cozy shed and a male centaur working out. 

She tried to sneak up but failed miserable as a branch gave way and she went crashing down into the open yard. Before she could blink the centaur had an arrow pointed at her heart. She forgot where she was and imaged how she must look to him. Natalie found the idea scary and exciting as he allowed her to slowly stand. She watched him paw the ground and wondered who he really was. After all such creatures didn't really exist. 

"Hello, I'm Natalie."

"I know who you are," he broke in. Ned slowly walked around her, he felt he had finally gotten the hang of the costume and imaging that allowed him to appear as a centaur. He had specialized in Greek mythology and when given the chance to be a centaur he had jumped for joy. Then he was told about the rest, signed the release form and told the rules. "Are you hungry?" he asked noticing how her flesh jiggled as she moved. She was quite pretty with honey colored hair and gray eyes. No tan lines were evident on her golden skin and he hoped the imaging system would cover his stiffening cock.

"Yes, actually. I am," she felt her blood pounding as he dropped the bow and followed her into his home. She wondered what she had gotten herself into as he served her a bowl of stew and stared at her as she ate. 

He found himself watching her, noticing how a bit of soup dripped from her spoon onto her breasts. He watched the droplet run along her skin, wishing he were that lucky. Ned had never had much luck with women. He was always more engrossed with mythological characters than real people. He found himself unable to speak as she ate.

"Do you know the way out of here?" not that she wanted to leave anytime soon, but she thought it better to ask now.

"Yes, I do," he stretched and took the bowl from her feeling how her eyes seemed focused on him. 

She watched as he turned away and gasped as she noticed his cock, thick between his legs. Natalie found herself wondering how it would feel, actually how it would even be possible to get fucked by a centaur. Then she realized the way her thoughts were going and blushed. He was a real person not some animal driven by instinct, she told herself.

When Ned looked at her again he noticed her nipples were hard buds and wondered if she were feeling cold. "Let's go outside," he said feeling his body respond to her. He felt like an animal driven by instinct. After all he knew about her was how she looked.

Natalie was unsure of what she should do, after all she was in a natural environment, perhaps she should go with nature. She noticed how his eyes followed her breasts and asked, "Is there something wrong with my body?" Her hands ran along her sides cupping her breasts, trying to be seductive.

"You spilled some soup on you," he paused as he watched her hands seem to offer her breasts to him. "Let me clean it up," he took a deep breath as he moved forward and leaned down to slowly lick the light trail. He didn't feel like himself and would have stopped but her hands had gripped his head.

Natalie decided to be bold and direct when he had licked her and held his head there. He evidently understood what she wanted because he began licking all over. "Stop teasing and suck," she muttered under her breath.

He heard her words and complied. He never imagined that this is what it would be like to demand and obey at same time. 

"Fuck me," the words seemed natural though Natalie had never said them before. It was what she wanted, needed right now.

Ned was unsure how to manage such a task in his present state and turned her around. His hand reached down and he could feel his throbbing cock even if he couldn't see it. He watched her lean forward and then he mounted her. It was primal and intense and it seemed like meer seconds before they were both cumming. He thrust a few more times as he filled her and then withdrew. He was sated and felt a little guilty about the whole thing. She had asked for him though, and according to rules she was to get anything she asked for, including intimate contact. Ned was tired and he said, "The exit is about ten paces behind my house."

Natalie was stunned at her actions and fled. It seemed like twenty steps to the door and she felt relieved as she entered the sterile chamber. She found her clothing and her fingers trembled as she dressed. She wondered who he was and tried to rationalize what had happened as the neutral computer voice said, "Thank you for participating. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Natalie tried to compose herself as she tapped the next button. 'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' She selected, 'Liked it, but would not do it again.'

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. She picked yes, and wondered if she would feel like talking about what had happened.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response. Natalie thought the question was stupid and typed in, 'The sex.'

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you."

Natalie debated, did she really want to know who he was? The sex had been great, but how much of that was due to the situation? She figured she would regret it if she said no, as she softly whispered, "Yes." She turned as a door slide open and a man stepped out. He was tall and well dressed. It was only when she got closer than she was able to recognize him as the centaur.

"I'm Ned," he offered his hand, wondering how she would react to the real him, with no fancy tricks to amplify his appearance. 

She took his hand, it was so warm and gentle. It was hard to believe the man before her was the same man she had told to fuck her. "Natalie, I don't suppose we could start all over could we?" She felt a stronger urge to fuck him now, then when he was the centaur.

"Anything you wish," he slowly brought her hand to his lips and kissed it lightly. Ned felt as if he had finally met his match as they walked out of the building discussing why he had chosen to be a centaur and how she had gotten involved in the experiment.