 It would have been another ordinary night out but Nadine wanted more. After what she had experienced in the jacuzzi and the number of orgasms she had, she wanted more. Now, at Gabriel's place, she made herself at home as she had been there many times before. They are in a truly open relationship. Able to do anything they wish but yet, they came back to each other somehow. She had settled down on his large couch, turned on the TV to the adult channel and gently massaging Gabriel's crotch through his jeans. The screen flickers to life and Nadine gasped at the image before them. Gabriel fidgeted and adjusted his crotch a little, to better park his now engorged tool. Nadine smiled meekly to herself, enjoying the streaming video playing on the television. Gabriel had subscribed to two of the most hardcore adult channels.

On the screen now was a naked woman, sweet faced, nice bouncy tits. Her sexy ass waving high up in the air as she is being ravaged by huge dildo from behind. The camera starts on her left side, panning from left to right. Moving down her body until it focused in on her widely stretched vaginal opening. The dildo is at least 3 inches wide and has a certain hardness to it. Just the way she likes it. Like a young stiff cock. The only thing lacking was a real cock's pulsations but this is compensated by its huge size. It was being slowly and methodically pumped in and out of her vaginal passage by an unseen machine. The woman on-screen fucked back to swallow the long, large dildo up into her, relishing at the feeling welling up deep in her belly. The familiar rumble of impending orgasmic pleasure. She fucks back a little faster, urging her body to cum as soon as possible. Her hand reaches between her legs and rubs her clit furiously. Fast and hard, alternating between circular and up and down motion. Her body begins to trash around. Her cuntal opening is widened as she gyrates her hips and pushes her ass back and forth on the long, hard shaft.

She groans out loudly and completes her journey to an orgasmic end. Her body convulses as she climaxes, her cunt tightens, almost ejecting the large dildo. Her mouth opens in a silent "O." Eyes tightly shut. She then collapses forward, spasming in the delightful aftermath of her hard orgasm. The onslaught of the dildo has not stopped. She is still being fucked deeply as the machine continues its to and fro movements, pumping the hard shaft deep into her yearning, clasping, cumming pussy.

Nadine turns to Gabriel, unzips his pants and pulls out his large, fat cock. She gets on her hands and knees in front of him, ass waving high in the air. Licking her lips, she strokes it a few times before engulfing it completely in her mouth, letting it slide down into her throat. Gabriel gasps out loud then quickly unbuckling his pants and pulling them off. He takes of his t-shirt quickly, then laying back, just enjoys her skillful manipulation of his cock and balls. Her mouth starts a strong suction, almost sucking out his semen straight from his sacs. He relaxes, making the most of this pleasurable experience, letting her mouth work his cock, sucking hard and moving up and down so it slides in and out of her throat. It is like a hot cunt with vacuum capabilities. He relishes the feeling, groaning out loudly in appreciation of her expert ministrations on his hard, fat cock.

The amount of pleasure Nadine derives from being able to turn Gabriel on is unbelievable. She simply enjoys the feeling of being in control of his cock and him as a whole. She moves her hand between her legs, removing her panties. Then, she removes her bra in one swift motion. Her body hugging white dress reveals every curve of her splendid, fit body. Gabriel runs his hand over her back, massaging her gently as she continues to suck on him. Her tongue laving round and round his bulbous cock head. She's repaying the tool that has brought her to innumerable orgasms. Showing gratitude in kind, pleasuring it beyond belief. Gabriel's hands move lower down her body to her sexy butt. He pulls up the dress a little and touches her dripping wet pussy lips. He moistens two fingers and finds her clit, rubbing her there causing her to moan and whimper around his throbbing cock. Her suction increases bringing him to an even greater hardness. Such bliss, such lust. What a fucking, sexy cocksucking bitch she can be. Only for him though. This is special treatment for him alone.

She relishes in excitement as she felt his cock throb and spasm as she increases the suction again. How he could withstand this, stopping himself from cumming, is beyond her. Most men would have cum after a few minutes of her well-practised ministrations on their manhood. Maybe this is what makes Gabriel so special. His hands spread her ass cheeks apart, exposing her rose-bud anus to the cool air. She continues with her relentless bobbing motion, sucking his prick to an even greater hardness than she had previously known. That thing should be in her cunt right about now but she's waiting for something. 

It was then Gabriel asked, "Two?"

Gasping, she simply answered, "Yes."

In that instant, she feels an inner vibration and sees a slow glimmering light at the corner of her eye. Before she is able to move her head to look, she feels another set of hands on her. She also feels another thick, fat cock at the entrance of her cunt. She reaches back and grabs the hard shaft, stroking it teasingly. Her pussy already dripping wet and ready for a good hard fuck. There is two of Gabriel now. This is dragon magic. She has it too but it does not manifest in this form. The Gabriel behind her, staring hungrily at her waving ass and pussy, moves his cock away from her cunt and sinks two fingers deep into her open, waiting pussy. She pushes her cunt back, swallowing his exploring digits, taking them entirely into her vaginal passage. Fingers from his other hand works slowly into her ass, grinding and drilling, opening up her anal passage, preparing her for the pleasure to come. Her ass is lubricated by saliva and cuntal juice. His fingers wreak havoc, drilling deep into both her passages, rubbing her at her G-spot at the same time. The fingers in her ass adds pressure, doubling up the pleasure and sensations threatening to overflow within her.

Grinding her luscious ass back against his probing fingers, Nadine lets out a squeal when she feels three fingers in each of her open, well-lubricated orifices. The large cock in her mouth adding to the excitement and the feeling of total subjugation she is experiencing. Gabriel is merciless. Probing, fucking, plunging into Nadine non-stop.

He quickly withdraws his fingers from her cunt and rams his hard cock home. Her pussy opens up, welcoming the large shaft with delight. A gasp of exasperation and a squeal of delight from Nadine as Gabriel sinks his cock up to its entirety into her open, hungry cunt from behind. It stays there for a while. Unmoving. Just pulsating, throbbing. She's taking in the sensations of the throbbing tool, fuelling her journey to an impending orgasm. She needed the fuck. To feel a hard, relentlessly pistoning cock going in and out of her slick pussy. She is dripping pussy juice on the carpet, staining it. Gabriel moves slightly out and then rams home again, fast. Short, fast yet deep strokes, letting her feel the huge fucking log. Every vein and sinew of this huge cock is rubbing her insides, rubbing against her G-spot, pushing up against her cervix. His cock fills her up just perfectly. Not too large but big enough so she feels full whenever it is buried inside her. It's the fullness that brings her to nerve-wracking orgasms. The fullness and long, hard strokes.

Now, he continues to fuck her in short, hard strokes. Filling her up with every thrust. He continues to do so for a long while, on purpose, so she would not climax even though she is on the verge of it. She begs him to fuck her long and hard. She needs to feel his cock pulling almost all the way out and then slamming deeply again in order to cum. Her ass tries to move but his strong hands hold her in place while his cock continues to jackhammer into her pussy, not wanting her to cum just yet. He continues to build the pleasure and pressure in her cunt until she can no longer bear it. She squirms her ass and begs him to fuck her long and deep. Her breathing is erratic. Panting at times, gasping for air at others. She maintains the strong suction, in between gasps and yelps, taking the cock in her mouth o greater pleasurable heights. Nadine is lost in ecstasy, being pummeled by a large cock in her pussy and sucking on one gives her pleasure almost like nothing else. There is but one thing she would revel in more and she is going to get it real soon.

Gabriel moves into position under her. His cock head released from her sucking mouth with a soft plop. The slick cock fucking her cunt from behind is withdrawn. Her mouth is engulfed by Gabriel as he gets into position below. While he does this, she grabs his upward pointing prick and shoves it into the vacuum left by the other Gabriel who was fucking her from behind. She slams herself down on his cock, reveling in the feeling of a long, hard fuck. She is on top, she is in control now and she is determined to reach her orgasm in the quickest possible way. She continues fucking him, riding him into eternal ecstasy. He groans his satisfaction as her cunt slams down hard on his throbbing cock, taking it all the way up her pussy to smash against her cervix, grinding up against her G-spot as it does so. Her body begins to shake at the throes of an impending orgasm. Her climax is imminent when she suddenly feels another fat cock up her anal opening. All hell breaks loose.

She screams out loud, cumming and squirting her pussy juice out from around the invading fuck-tool as another hard cock drills deeply into her anal passage. The pressure in her loins is just too overwhelming and she convulses in another orgasm, just seconds after she experienced the first. Hit by a tidal wave of almost simultaneous multiple orgasms, her body convulses and trash about wildly. Her hair flailing crazily. She slumps down on Gabriel as both of him continue their relentless assault, filling up her orifices completely as only he can, in this magical manifestation of his most lustful self.

Her lust has completely consumed her. She had started in perfect control but have now surrendered to the two hard, thick cocks fucking her cunt and ass. With machine like precision and timing, the two cocks seem to know exactly how to fuck her, yielding the most pleasure from her very sensitive insides. Fucking away like there is no tomorrow. Her cunt on fire. Her ass yearns to be subjugated further. Her mind and body screaming out for release as another orgasms wreaks her body, sending her into a fit. Her arms and legs flailing about, involuntarily, trying to contain the enormous wave of orgasmic pleasure now smashing through her entire being. Her pussy begins to squirt again. Long hard streams of pussy fluid splashing up against Gabriel's torso as he fucks her ass from behind.

After all that, Gabriel noticed that he had neglected her sexy breasts. Not like she needs the additional stimulation but hey, they are there for a couple of purposes. The Gabriel fucking her ass reaches forward to grab her swaying boobs, pushing them up to Gabriel's face below. Like an offering. Like a sacrifice. Nadine's nipples are pinched and pulled forward, allowing his tongue to lick and lave on those delicious buds. Taking them alternately into his mouth, Gabriel gently bites and nibbles on them, eliciting further moans from Nadine. She is cumming again as the vile ministrations of her sensitive nipples continue. Gabriel then presses her tits together, letting them both go into his mouth at the same time. He bites on them softly and laves his tongue over them at the same time. Whatever control she had is gone. Whatever sanity she maintained has been blown away by this gust of raw lust as she gets fucked and sodomized while having her beautiful breasts manipulated.

Gabriel was having so much fun. The sensations are already tripled. His hard cocks pumping relentlessly in and out of beautiful Nadine. She is fucking him back for all she's worth. Her lust-filled mind and body on their own unending quest for orgasm after orgasm. Closing his eyes, Gabriel focuses on those two large pumping penises in Nadine's ass and pussy. He envisions them growing bigger, thicker veins. More blood pumps into the cocks, enlarging them. They are now at least 3 inches wide. Similar in width as the dildo used on the girl on TV. Nadine could visualize them sliding deeper into her, splitting her cunt and ass apart deliciously. She groans out loud in her satisfaction. Her mind completely oblivious to everything else except the amazing sensation from the two large, fuck tools now pumping in and out of her sex orifices. She moves her ass in time with their motions, rhythmically fucking them, getting the most pleasure from those relentless, rampaging penises. She could feel every thick vein as they have expanded to now stretch her insides to the limit. One particularly fat vein rubs hard against her G-spot with each deep thrust. Her cunt and ass feels raw from the constant fucking. Her moans are becoming incessant. Mumbling at times, cursing at the top of her lungs at others.

Then, she feels the rush of her orgasm coming from deep in her being to burst out from her ravaged loins. Her cunt clasps down tightly on Gabriel's cock as she squirts her love juices out from around the swollen shaft. He continues to fuck her, pumping out the juices each time he thrusts deep into her. The other Gabriel, fucking her ass continues to pummel her, adding to the intense pleasure and experience. Her mouth opens in a silent "O" now, unable to utter a word. Hands grab her upper arms from behind, pulling her upwards so her chest is thrust out, like a sacrifice to an unknown carnal being. She cums again, slamming her ass back onto the two fucking pricks. Squirting her juice onto the carpet, drenching it completely. Her eyes are closed but she thought she saw a bright light in the room. The next moment, she felt both her nipples being sucked on, tongue licking and flicking her hard, sensitive nipples.

Opening her eyes, she saw a room full of Gabriel's manifestations. Brought about by her explosive sexual experience and her insatiable need for carnal gratification. They all descend on her, touching every single inch of her body all at once. Hands rubbing her sensitive clit. Hands massage her sexy ass, still fucking the hard shaft. Mouths and tongues on her hot flesh. Her body, stimulated beyond belief, goes into another nerve wracking orgasm. She closes her eyes when she saw all the hard cocks waving like tentacles in the air, each of them more than a foot long and as thick as her wrist at least.

She whispers to herself, "Oh no ... "

Gabriel's manifestations are out of control with lust. Gabriel himself, his original self, is glowing a pale yellow. This has never happened before. There are more than a dozen of him now with nothing to guide them except lust and desire. Their minds are void of anything else. Their bodies are but manifestations of Gabriel's energy. Once depleted, they will disappear again but for now, their eyes are on one delicious, sexy woman in the throes of her umpteenth orgasm.

The one fucking her ass begins to shudder and shake, then, after blasting his hot seed in her rectum, flooding her anal cavity to the brim, he begins to fade away, leaving her ass gaping. Another takes his place, putting his tentacle like cock at her anal entrance and slowly pushing it in, inch by excruciating inch. The pain and pleasure brings Nadine to yet another orgasm. She resigns to the massive onslaught. Sheer pleasure ripping through her lust filled body. Pure bliss emanates from the depths of her very being. The cock begins to pump fast in and out of her wide-stretched ass, going deep with each inward thrust. She fucks back involuntarily, her body responding on its own, greedy for more stimulation. She wants it to shoot her full of semen so she can begin working on the next cock. All she wants is to be filled up with sticky cock juices. Her mind has completely resigned to the situation. Whatever control she wanted to exercise is gone. She is fucking now to satisfy the urges burning through her lust-filled loins ... and to climax ... as many times as possible.

Suddenly, she feels her anal passage fill up with hot cock-juice. Almost bursting out. She tightened her sphincter muscles to keep the juices from overflowing. The cock deflates quickly and another of Gabriel's manifestations fizzles away letting the juices flow out in globs from her open ass. She is then turned around and the real Gabriel shoves his cock unceremoniously up her gaping ass. He grabs her aching tits from behind and begins to pump her ass with vigor. Two mouths fastened themselves to her hard, sensitive nipples, licking them quickly up and down and side to side, driving her insane with pleasure and lust. She felt two fingers enter her cunt, as if to test her out, then withdrawing quickly, being replaced by a large throbbing tentacle cock. This one has large bumps on the surface, each about half an inch wide and quarter of an inch high from the surface of the pulsating cock. Those bumps emit small electrical shocks. As this large appendage grinds into her, Nadine screams out loud, shrieking her pleasure. She moves her hips upwards to swallow more of the hard cock inside her wet, open pussy. She screams out again in delight as the bumps emit a pulse, sending her into another crazy orgasm. Her arms and legs now flailing about. Her breasts, shaking with the onslaught of pure pleasure. Her nipples being stimulated to no end. Then, she felt fingers on her clit and spread her legs wider in anticipation of lustful manipulations of her sensitive bud. The fingers didn't disappoint as they rub in slow circles around her engorged clitoris making her cum again as the bumps in her cunt sends another jolt through her being from deep inside her still yearning and hungry pussy.

She closes her eyes tight now. Feeling the intense pleasure building up and exploding again inside her. As it explodes, another wave of pleasure hits her from another angle. She was being stimulated everywhere.

The large fucking cock in her cunt suddenly ejaculates, spewing hot sperm deep into her welcoming belly. She grunts and moans in delight as she experiences yet another climax. The cock withdraws and the bumps jolt her one last time causing her body to jerk spasmodically. Another cock replaces it, going straight and deep into her hot, wet vaginal passage, grinding against the G-spot and hitting her cervix before it stops and withdraws. Once almost completely out, it slams in deep again and she cums immediately from the intense pleasure. This cock has a spiral ridge along its shaft. The head is bulbous, almost as thick as a fist. Upon entry, it makes contact directly with her G-spot. The ridges sort of drives the pleasurable sensation along the entire vaginal passage. She can't really explain it but it's making her cum yet again. She wanted to scream out but someone slid his long tool deep into her throat. The sexy, carnal image of herself in her mind led her to yet another orgasm. She's cumming almost with every single fuck-stroke from the cocks in her pussy and ass. Gabriel continues his relentless assault, pumping his large cock deep into her ass.

Her eyes still remain tightly shut when she heard a squishing sound. Almost afraid to take a look, she peeks slightly out to see that most of the cocks had turned to 3 feet long tentacles. Another of them had positioned himself between her wide open legs and is getting ready to shove his cock-tentacle up her open sex orifice. The question is, which one?
