 Authors note: this story contains bondage/dominance/slave/master themes

Jilane moved swiftly through the undergrowth, her gloved hand raised before her face to protect her from the low lying branches. She was third in the line of four crew members that slipped silently through the steamy jungle on base level Kalyana. 

Sweat trickled between the valley of her breasts underneath the green mesh skin suit. She blew out her breath, teasing the blonde feathery fringe clinging to her glistening triangular face. Despite being the only female natural engineer on the exploration, and lacking the physical prowess of the regular crew, she kept up with their rapid pace set by Rayan. It was an hour to sundown, their scheduled curfew for when they must return to the ship. 

Jilane had sought special leave to collect specimens of what she had dubbed the Kaleidoscope flower for its filmy, translucent petals that reflected a rainbow of colours. She had discovered them among the unusual rockery surrounding the lap of the huge waterfalls, their strong, musky perfume drawing her to them. The rocks had been silvery and shiny, almost metallic like, and surprising heavy. 

It was on the return trip to the Olyant that Rayan had discovered evidence of two footed beasts. Over the past few days members of the crew had caught and stunned a number of carnivorous beasts and transported them back to the Olyant for study. Yet the apparent lack of intelligence puzzled the physiological scientists, and a number of theories had been developed as to which sat at the top of the food chain. The possibility of a two legged beast may either prove or dispel their theories. 

Jilane much preferred the study of plant and soil than to that of breeding patterns and sticky secretions of feral beasts. Yet the thought of observing the animal in its natural habitat before being transported back to her home world of Lokana urged her onwards. 

The terrain was sloped, the dark, rich soil covered with spiky green clumps that threatened to trip her booted feet up. After what seemed like hours Rayan halted. His hand motioned back as he turned, his narrowed eyes searching the tall trees surrounding them. 

Jilane stopped gladly, hands on hips, head tipped forward as she drew in gulps of air. Jilane was small and slender, lacking the advantage of their long, muscular strides, and built for swift speed over small distances rather than endurance. She had been required to pass a physical for this mission, yet it had been less stringent for the scientific engineers. 

Something flicked in the corner of her eye, before a soft whistling sound reached her ears. She stilled, then cried out as pain sliced at her wrist as something twined around it. Without warning she was tugged brutally forward. She fell to her knees amidst the cries of her crew as the ground opened up beneath them. Light blinded her as the stunners flashed, and she desperately sought to release herself of thick leather cord wrapped around her wrist as she dangled over the edge of huge pit. She was dragged along the ground, her bound arm stretched out before her as she squirmed and writhed, her young body cavorting before her attackers. It was several seconds before she realised she was no longer being dragged, and several more before she noticed long feet planted widely before her. 

Jilane's heart pounded as her wide lavender eyes rose over thick, muscular legs with their sprinkling of black hair, coming to rest upon the long, thick shaft at their apex. He was naked, her mind registered slowly. Completely without an ounce of clothing. She swallowed hard, feeling faint as the massive cock jerked beneath her horrified gaze. Her channel clenched as she imagined herself speared on that intimidating length. Moaning under her breath as an unfamiliar shivery heat stole over her, she dragged her eyes up over the bronzed, muscular chest and arms to the angular face with curious green eyes. Fear choked her, and she renewed her struggles with the cord, yet it clung to her skin as though coated with an adhesive agent. 

She cried out as he wrapped the cord around his fist until he had drawn her onto her knees before him. She reared back, struggling not to come into contact with his warm flesh as she her mind boggled at how she came to find herself in this horribly submissive position. Though even kneeling before him, her eyes barely reached on level with the mushroom tip of his cock. He was massive, a brute. Turning her face, she waited for the death blow. The sounds of struggle had silenced around her, overlaid by a melodious, alien tongue and sounds of what must be laughter. 

A blush stole over her cheeks, for surely they were entitled to their amusement. They had easily overcame their crew, albeit a small one, but one which surely had the technological advantage against these naked beasts that seemed a throwback to the early evolutionary ages. They were surprisingly human like, yet their lack of clothing clearly indicated their low intelligence and bestial nature.

Her eyes squeezed shut as another leather cord feathered over her breasts bound tightly beneath the regulation skin suit. She knew that released from their strictures, the tiny handfuls with their rosy tips were of little interest to the opposite sex, and she prayed that this would aid her now. She winced as a warm hand splayed over her breasts, clutching at the mesh, before drawing back, taking with it a large scrap of her suit. Her breasts rose and fell, their swells thrusting through her torn suit. 

More laughter reached her ears, and she moaned as fingers glided over her exposed flesh, making her goose pimple and her nipples tighten. How far would their curiosity extend? she wondered as they groped her with surprising gentleness. 

She gasped as she was suddenly lifted by her wrists, her feet dangling off the ground. He simply gazed at her as she kicked and squirmed, pink face. Then with a smile, he tossed her over his broad shoulder. A huge palm splayed over her bottom, pinning her firmly against his shoulder as she drew in air. 

He moved, and she squirmed against him, her eyes unwillingly drawn to the firm cheeks that moved with seductive grace. They were tanned a deep bronze, with no suggestion of ever having been marred by the line of a loin cloth. 

Arching up slightly, she tried to catch sight of her crew through the strands of her mane that had come loose in her struggles. A large circular pit had opened up between the trees, one of the most ancient of hunter tactics. Completely unexpected, yet frighteningly effective. 

Dammit, she didn't even know if her crew had survived the fall, nor did she have a weapon to fight God knows how many of them. Frustration and fear beat at her as he carried her through the jungle, back towards the waterfalls. 

She pressed the locator on her wrist band that sent a silent distress signal to the Olyant. How long would it be before the Olyant sent out a search and rescue team? What would these naked barbarians do with her in the meantime? Eat her, or something more sadistic, like torture or even rape? A shudder raced through her and tears welled in her eyes.

The falls were close, the thundering water filling her ears as her captor moved gracefully over the rocks. Had these beasts followed them from the waterfall, or had known there were here all along, from the moment the Olyant arrived? 

The cool spray dampened her suit as they moved along a narrow path behind the cascading water. She heard the sound of heavy stone shifting, then darkness fell over her as she was carried through a stone archway. Her captor strode down uneven steps hewn from that strange, silvery stone, each jolt seeming to push the air from her lungs. They descended deeper beneath the falls, winding lower and lower, their path lit by torches mounted on the stone walls. 

Oh, God, there was a whole underground maze of tunnels and caverns. How had such as important discovery gone undetected by the Olyant's sensors? 

They passed dozens of archways leading off the steps before her captor strode through one. She was carried through a series of small caverns filled with strange metal and leather objects, and carved wooden tools. Oh, God, what was this place? 

She felt the press of stone against her ankles, and she was gently eased onto her back onto some sort of stone table. The world swayed dizzily as she felt her wrists drawn above her head and bound to a hook there. She felt her gloves tugged from her fingers, and the band torn from her wrist. She tried to see what the man who took her band did with it, but others blocked her view. She was distracted by her ankles being dragged wide apart and bound to the table, her knees up high, her feet flat on the cold stone. 

She struggled, her back arching off the stone slab, yet her bindings refused to give. Fear welled in her at the curious faces gazing down at her wiggling on the slab, her pale breasts bared. There were four of them, their width and height alone intimidating, yet bound as she was, terror swirled low in her belly. 

The warm palm of her captor splayed over her belly, pinning her down as he ran a sharp stone dagger beneath her torn suit, slicing along her underarm to her wrist. A whimper escaped her as he then turned his attention to her other arm. Her belly fluttered beneath the press of his hand, and her lashes fluttered close as she was slowly stripped of her mesh suit. He began at her right ankle, following the rise and fall of her bent leg until he reached her hip. When he finished her second leg, she was bare except for the strip across her belly and down between her thighs. 

Fingers curled around the cloth over her hip, lifting it slightly off her skin as he tore it from her. Laying there, bound beneath their curious gazes intent on her, she was conscious she wore nothing but her red string panties. They were nothing more than a tiny V at front that thinned to a tiny strip that slipped up between her pale cheeks. 

As she watched wide-eyed, fingers glided down along the edge of the V of her panties, pushing them to the side. Silence filled the room, and it was only as fingers glided over her soft pink lips that she had an inkling why. Her triangular thatch of blonde curls had been stripped from her flesh in accordance with the Olyant health policy. 

Fingers explored her bare mound, and she bit her lip as she struggled not to cry out. They were merely curious, she told herself, nothing sexual. If only her body wouldn't react to their touch! It had been nearly two years since her first and only contact period with a computer selected mate. The experience had been quick, efficient and relatively painless. Jilane had seen no need to repeat the procedure, much preferring her studies and her extensive library to the peccadillos of people. 

Fingers stroked over her body, exploring her pale, quivering flesh. Her soft mounds were cupped and moulded, their rosy nipples tweaked. A strange, shivery heat built low in her belly at being splayed helplessly before them, open to their exploring caresses.

She cried out as her captor grazed her throbbing nub, and their chatter increased. Again he touched her their, stroking her, their four faces watching her closely as soft whimpers escaped her. 

A thick finger probed at her gate, and she knew he could feel the humiliating dampness there. Her dazed lavender eyes focused on her captor where he stood between her spread thighs, her lips parting. His green eyes met hers as the finger eased inside of her, and her bottom arched off the table as she felt her sheath delicately stretched. It was withdrawn, then quickly thrust deep, and she couldn't hold back the soft moan as eddies of delight spiralled through her. 

Jilane knew she should be frightened, yet she felt herself going up in flames as the finger plugged her tiny entrance with gentle thrusts. Moisture seeped between her thighs, and she could barely restrain herself from pushing down on its impaling length.  

She could hear the murmur of their deep voices around her as she struggled to bring her body back under strict control. Fingers tweaked her nipples, stroked her bare underarms, ran through her silky blonde mane. Had they been forceful or violent, she knew she could have resisted them. But the light, curious caresses teased her neglected flesh, and she was unable to prevent her hips lifting off the stone slab as the finger rocked in her tight pussy. 

What had they done to her? She was an accredited natural engineer, professional to the point of boring, yet here she was, stripped and bound, her body losing itself to the ecstasy of their impersonal touches. 

She gazed dazedly about her, noting the curiously intent gazes of the alien men that stood by the table. They were like some throwback to the dark ages, yet taller and broader than the man of the world by more than a foot. And their male sex organs...Jilane felt faint. Her one experience had left her unprepared for the sheer magnificence of their cocks. Soft, they were bigger than her mate, yet hard... A quiver raced through her. 

She gasped when something wet was spread over her breasts and belly, and she gazed down upon herself. Bronzed fingers rubbed the crushed Kaleidoscope petals into her soft skin in sensuous circles. Her head fell back as her flesh began to tingle pleasurably. It felt as though every nerve ending stood on end as lightening scorched over her skin, shooting down between her thighs. 

Jilane whimpered as his finger withdrew from her pussy, only to ease down along her cleft. Her eyes widened as it drew the damp sting of her panties from her cleft and up over her cheek. The finger returned, circling the tiny entrance there. "No!" she cried as the finger pushed against her, yet her protests fell on deaf ears. Burning pain seared her as the finger thrust inside her clenched bottom, and tears filled her eyes. The quivering ecstasy of only moments before was washed away as the probing finger eased deep into her bottom. Her body struggled to dispel him, but it was no use. Hands held her knees wide as the finger began to probe inside of yielding flesh, raping her virginal entrance. 

She moaned, her head rolling side to side as they rubbed more pulp into her pale flesh, making it glisten iridescently. The tingling turned to a warm, shivery sensation, so at odds with the soreness of her bottom. 

Fingers guided a thick silver torc around her neck. It was tight and heavy, and she swallowed hard against the tight restriction. Her eyes widened as she saw twin claw like clips, wondering what they would do. Whimpers of pain escaped her as they closed around her taut nipples, her back arching, inadvertently pressing her bottom down on to the invading digit. Oh, God, help! 

Her struggles only made her nipples ache harder, and she stilled, panting. They threaded a chain through the clasps on her nipples, attaching it somehow to the band at her neck. Fear coursed through her at this bizarre ritual, yet gradually her young body adjusted to the pain. 

Fingers returned to her pussy, poking teasingly at her dewy gate, drawing a soft moan from her as two slid up inside of her. The fingers were less gentle, thrusting roughly inside of her and stretching her wide. The pain in her nipples and bottom lessened as her body concentrated on the intensity of pleasure spreading throughout her womb unlike anything she had ever experienced. 

Soft gasping whimpers escaped her, the blush rising up over her breasts and neck as she quivered on the brink of ecstasy. She cried out when the fingers withdrew, a soft frustrated keening. The restraints were tugged from her ankles, and she was flipped bonelessly onto her belly. She was guided up onto her knees and elbows, her pale bottom high in the air. Hands applied pressure to the inside of her knees, forcing them scandalously wide. The four of them moved to the end of the table to gaze upon her exposed pink flesh dewy with the evidence of her need. When would this humiliation end?

They strapped her ankles down to the table, and she was unable to move her legs. Then she felt something cold scraping against her throbbing nub, along her cleft until it came to press threateningly against her tiny bottom entrance. The breath shuddered from her lungs as it drove inside of her, twisting deep. She squirmed on the cool, narrow rod, her walls gripping it tightly as it came to rest fully imbedded between her cheeks. Her mind reeled in disbelief as she felt them attach it somehow by chain to her torc at her nape. 

Before she could gain control over her scattered thoughts, a thick long cock was presented before her. The tiny scar low on his hip told her it was her captor, and her eyes rose to his, silently pleading. He pressed against her mouth with the mushroom tip, silently urging her to accept him there. Jilane knew resistance was futile. She only prayed that they did not hurt her before her crew found her. Her lips parted, and the thick, velvety flesh slid deep into her mouth until it pressed against the back of the throat. She nearly gagged before it withdrew, only to swiftly return. 

His fingers sunk into her silky hair, holding her face still as he plunged into her with demanding thrusts as far as he could manage. The chain shuddered along her glistening spine, making her extremely conscious of the bondage attached lewdly to her bottom as she struggled to take him in. 

She moaned around the salty shaft in her mouth as a hand slapped her upraised bottom. Again and again the hands rained down on her soft flesh, generating a painful warmth. Her squirming only made her predicament worse as the chains connected to her torc quivered and pulled on her tender flesh. 

Struggling to breathe through her nose, she almost gagged once or twice. She heard his low grunts as he thrust faster, feeling wetness trickle down between her thighs at her wicked submission. Her neglected nub throbbed as she sucked him down as far as she could. His thrusts became jerky as she felt his need rise. She swallowed curiously as his seed spilt down her throat, tasting his salty warmth. 

When he drew his soft cock from her mouth, she pressed her forehead against her arms as she drew air into her starved lungs. She had felt dominated, helpless, and God help her, aroused. The clinical mating she had experienced had not even evoked even an ounce of the intense need coursing through her now. Her nipples ached in their confinement, her bottom gripped the tiny rod in her bottom desperately. Her channel ached to be filled and stretched as her captor thrust himself into her yielding flesh. 

Jilane caught movement out of the corner of her eye, and she lifted her head. A burning smell teased her nostrils, but she was distracted by the feel of fingers peeling apart her glistening lips, exposing her pink shame. Her nub pulsed, begging for attention. She was beyond caring who touched her as air stirred between her thighs. A long tongue slid along her damp cleft, making her squeal. 

Shudders raced through Jilane as fingers held her open to the tongue delving in her dewy folds. Panting moans escaped her as fire licked deep within her pussy, building and building. Her nails dug into her palms as the tongue pushed up inside of her rippling channel. Waves of ecstasy washed over her, her soft moans filling the chamber. But her cries of pleasure changed swiftly to ones of pain as something scorched the flesh on the small of her back the size of a thumb print. Tears trembled on her lashes as her hips bucked, but hands held her firm. Her own burning flesh filled the air as she was branded. She gasped when finally the hot metal was lifted from her flesh, her chains jangling. 

Tears trailed silently down her cheeks as gentle hands stroked through her hair. She heard footsteps fade, and Jilane sensed she was alone with her captor. She doubted much time had passed since he had taken her prisoner, yet already she was familiar with his musky, masculine scent. Was he their leader? Perhaps, as it seemed they deferred to him, looking to him for instructions. 
