 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, travelled quickly through the lush forest. She was in a hurry.

For you see, she was on an important errand. The village elders of a clan of local elves had sent her to retrieve a potent magical herb called Ghostbloom. It was to be used in a ritual that would free a friend of hers from a terrible curse.

She had the herb in her possession and so she was hurrying back. Thankfully as a half-elf she had inherited from her elven mother the ability to woodwalk - an elven talent that allowed someone to pass through forest and woodland much quicker than those without the talent. It was if the user found extra paths and trails through the trees that cut the journey time in half or more. That meant a journey that would normally take many days could be done in less than a day.

As the day stretched into afternoon she reached the edge of the village. The elves had made their home in a glade and she entered the clearing in a hurry. Brushing a strand of red hair away from her slightly-freckled face she looked around for someone to give the herb to.

Narlissa smiled as she saw Lohr standing near the centre of the village, where the elders were clearly preparing for the ritual. Lohr was the Tree Mother - the head of this clan of elves and the most senior member of the village despite still being young. She was a beautiful woman, the equivalent of a human woman in her mid-thirties, and Narlissa was always amused by how the young men of the village tried to hide the lustful glances they shot her way.

For Narlissa's part, she was also the subject of those glances. The redheaded half-elf was gorgeous and she knew it, from her beautiful face to her breathtaking figure. And because of her half-human blood she was also tall compared to the elves - at 5'5" she was the same height as some of the men. Not that she minded. In fact she actively enjoyed those gazes from her admirers, who could never decide whether they wanted to stare at her face, her big tits or her lovely legs.

For you see, Narlissa loved sex. She craved it and adored it. Whilst she had always possessed an extremely high sex-drive, things had ramped up even further in the previous few months when she had been imbued with the magic of an incubus via a friend of hers. And now she had lust magic inside her she would need to have an orgasm at least twice a day or she would be driven mad by her desire and lose control of herself. That was not fun so Narlissa always made sure to keep on top of things by finding a handsome man to fuck. Luckily for her she never had trouble doing so.

It was not all drawbacks though. Far from it, in fact. Narlissa loved what she called her 'gifts'. Needing to have sex twice a day was not a problem for her when she enjoyed it so much anyway. The lust magic inside her meant that she enjoyed sex even more than a normal person did and it also meant that her partners did too. They would feel far more pleasure than usual when they fucked her and the strength of their orgasms would be like nothing they had ever had before.

In other words, Narlissa had a magic cunt.

Thankfully her lust wasn't distracting her right now. She had spent that morning with a friend of hers named Aramil - an elven ranger on his first journey outside the forest. And given that he was just as horny as she was they had of course begun the day with a bout of passionate noisy sex, before finally parting ways.

Narlissa pushed all that from her mind and hurried towards Lohr.

"Tree Mother!" she called as she approached.

The woman looked up and smiled broadly at Narlissa's approach. "Narlissa, you return to us. Do you have the Ghostbloom?"

"I do," Narlissa responded, taking out the cloth bundle that contained the herb and passing it to the Tree Mother.

Lohr took it and called over one of the elders. She handed the bundle to the man, who unwrapped it and smiled. Clearly the herb was of good quality. The man nodded at Narlissa and left with another elder.

A few minutes later they returned with Narlissa's friend, an elven man named Tathal. Tathal was a powerful wizard, but his soul had been bound to a dagger and cursed. This ritual was an attempt to sever that connection and free Tathal from the curse.

Narlissa felt her magic cunt throb at the sight of Tathal. He was an extremely handsome man, with straight black hair to his shoulders and piercing blue eyes. He was lithe and slender and stood at about 5'10", which was tall for an elf. And if that were not enough to set Narlissa's pulse racing the vivid memories of the many times they had fucked flashed through her mind. They were close friends, after all.

"Narlissa, thank you," he said as he approached. "You did not have to do this."

"I didn't have to do any of this," she laughed. "I didn't have to accept the dagger. I didn't have to agree to help you. I didn't have to bring you to this village and I certainly didn't have to fetch the Ghostbloom to help your ritual. But I did it anyway, because you're my friend." She grinned.

"When you put it that way, I really do owe you a lot."

She winked at him. "Yes, you do."

Together they walked over to the ritual stones which were almost complete.

"It should be ready soon," Lohr said as she joined them. "There are still a few finishing touches to be made, and a few more people to arrive."

"Will it be prepared by tomorrow?" Narlissa asked.

Lohr nodded. "I hope so, if all goes to plan."

"There is no rush," Tathal said. "I have waited this long. A few more days won't kill me, if that's what it takes."

Lohr smiled, then left them to it. Narlissa and Tathal turned and walked away.

They found somewhere in the village to have lunch and Narlissa simply enjoyed their surroundings. This was her first chance to really explore the settlement. She had visited the village once before when she had first met Aramil when passing through the forest on one of her adventures, but she had not stayed long. Then when she had turned up with Tathal the other night it had already been late in the evening, and she had left the following morning to locate the Ghostbloom. There had been no time to simply walk around.

It was beautiful. The houses were grown into the trees as if the plants themselves had been guided into the appropriate shapes. Of course she knew that's actually exactly what happened - certain elves in the clan would be recognised for their ability to talk to nature, and they would direct the trees to grow in a certain way. The end result was a village that blended perfectly into the trees. Some of the houses in particular would have been very easy to miss if you didn't know they were there.

Tathal too seemed delighted to be here and not just because the elves were helping him break the curse that had afflicted him for so long. There was just something calming about the village and the happy lives of the wood elves who made it their home. Narlissa's mother was not a wood elf but she still felt at ease in the village.

In the early evening they were called to a meal with the village elders where the ritual would be discussed. The details of everything was explained to them. Narlissa was fascinated even though she didn't understand all of it since she was not a magic user herself.

Plans were laid out about when the ritual would take place. Rangers were returning tomorrow with more items that would be needed and a few other residents of the forest would arrive too. Some were elves that simply chose to live away from the village but others were not. There was even mention of a satyr who would be needed though Lohr doubted that he would remember to turn up.

But as the evening stretched out Narlissa started to grow horny. She squirmed slightly and kept stealing glances at Tathal. The meeting seemed to go on forever and when food was brought out she groaned inwardly. Not because the food looked unpleasant (it actually looked delicious) but because she desperately needed to get herself off.

So when Lohr stood up after the meal was finished and called it a night Narlissa practically cheered. She did her best to keep her cool, nodding and thanking Lohr for explaining everything.

But then Tathal stood up and started to thank everyone. It was a very sweet moment where he explained how much it meant to him that the elves were doing this to help and how he would never forget it. It's just that Narlissa could not appreciate any of that because all she wanted to do was be somewhere else having passionate sex.

At last Tathal was finished and people started to disperse. Narlissa grabbed his arm and practically dragged him away.

"Narlissa, is everything alright?" Tathal asked with slight alarm as she dragged him through the village. It was pitch black but thankfully their elven vision meant they could see easily.

She did not reply. Instead when they reached the house she threw open the door, pulled him inside and then slammed the door shut behind her again. Before he could speak she had pulled his head down for a passionate kiss.

Tathal yelped in surprise into the kiss but soon was kissing her in return. Clearly he did not mind too much when a busty redhead dragged him somewhere private and started kissing him.

Narlissa pressed herself against him and moaned into the kiss. Immediately her hands slipped between his robes and found his stiffening cock which she started to eagerly toy with.

"I don't know what's got into you, but I'm not going to complain," the handsome mage chuckled, quickly unlacing her corset. Narlissa allowed him to remove the garment and enjoyed the way he groaned at the sight of her big tits spilling free. His hands were on them immediately.

Then he picked her up. Tathal may have been slender but he was not skinny and he was strong enough to lift her up, carrying her over to the comfortable sofa in the corner of the room. He dropped her on it and then bent down to kiss her.

His mouth moved lower to tease her sensitive nipples with his tongue before his tongue continued its journey and reached her pants. He pulled her boots off then deftly unlaced her pants and slid them from her legs. Suddenly she was naked and Narlissa moaned loudly as he hungrily started to eat her pussy.

She reached down and stared at him before throwing her head back with a whimper of ecstasy. Tathal really knew how to eat pussy, but then again he had made sure to practice a lot in the past few days which was something Narlissa was happy to help him with. Soon she was rubbing her hips back against his face as her orgasm grew. A few minutes later she came hard, crying out her pleasure as she gripped his long black hair tightly.

When she was done she sat upright and pulled him to his feet. She helped him shrug out of his robes until he was naked too then she dragged him down onto the sofa and quickly got to her knees between his legs. She gazed up at him lustfully as she starting sucking his cock. The blowjob continued for a minute or so until at last she knew she could wait no longer.

She stood up and kissed him hard as she straddled his waist and impaled herself on his big dick. They moaned into each other's mouths and immediately Narlissa started to bounce her hips as her pussy swallowed up his member over and over again.

Her magic cunt felt like it was on fire with desire as she passionately rode Tathal. The position was very intimate and she adored it. Her breasts were inches from her lover's face and he reached up and squeezed and played with them as she rode him. 

She loved the way Tathal's hands roved over body as she bounced on him and it did not take long before she could feel an orgasm building in her core. Tathal too had pleasure written on his face and she knew he was close too.

"You have such a perfect cock," she moaned, kissing him again and enjoying the way he stared at her with awestruck eyes.

"And you have a perfect pussy," he grunted back. "I want to come, Narlissa. I want to come inside you!"

"Yes, do it!" she said desperately, wanting to feel him climax.

Tathal cried out as he came. She felt his cock twitch as his spunk sprayed deep inside her and that was all she needed. A huge orgasm exploded inside her and she screamed out her pleasure. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close to him as they both climaxed.

After they had both finished they shared a tender kiss. Narlissa giggled as she slowly stood up and moaned at the feeling of his cock springing free of her pussy.

"You must have been really pent up," Tathal teased.

Narlissa grinned and winked. "Maybe I was. I'm afraid it's just something you'll have to get used to."

Somehow she didn't think it would be a problem for him.