 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, opened her eyes in the morning to find Tathal already awake. He was sat upright in bed reading but when he noticed her stirring he shut the book and smiled at her.

"Morning," she said, sitting upright and letting the sheet fall away. She chuckled as his eyes immediately scanned her bare tits.

"Morning," he replied, putting the book down.

A moment's silence passed between them. Narlissa took the opportunity to take in the sight of the handsome mage. He was slender but not skinny, and his long black hair and sculpted elven features were incredibly attractive. She felt the familiar throb in her magic cunt.

Then she spoke. "I'm going to suck your cock," she said simply, throwing down the covers to reveal his naked body.

"You are insatiable, Narlissa."

She pushed herself onto all fours, then climbed between his legs, hunching down so that her face was inches from his dick. "You're complaining?"

"No."

"I didn't think so," she said, then took him into her mouth.

He groaned, shutting his eyes, and she delighted in the feel of him immediately getting hard between her lips.

For a few minutes they remained that way, Narlissa on all fours between his legs as she leisurely bobbed her head on his dick. He reached out, stroking her hair and toying with her pointed ears and she delighted in the way he groaned at her work. Clearly he was enjoying himself.

She also noticed that he could not keep his eyes from her big tits, which hung down due to the way she was hunched over. It was obvious he liked her in this position. So with a naughty smile she pulled her mouth from his member and twisted round, presenting her pussy to him as she remained on all fours.

Tathal got the message and was almost immediately kneeling behind her, stroking his hands down her back before squeezing her ass. Then he fed his dick to her waiting pussy, groaning as he sank deeper. Narlissa shut her own eyes and moaned loudly at the wonderful feeling.

And as she suspected, he could not keep his hands from her tits. He started to thrust and immediately leant forwards grasping the dangling mounds and gently playing with them. His thrusts sped up slowly but surely until at last he was fucking her with passion, her breasts shaking in his hands from the impact of his hips.

"Gods, Narlissa, your pussy is so tight!" he grunted, straightening and instead holding her waist for better leverage as he fucked her.

Then noise of his hips slapping against her ass was loud now together with their moans and groans. It might have started as leisurely morning sex but now he was really fucking her hard.

Moments later she heard him cry out and she knew he was coming. She came at the same time, pleasure overwhelming her and for a while they climaxed together, enjoying such powerful shared orgasms.

Eventually however their huge orgasms were finally done. She turned to him and planted a lingering kiss on his lips.

"That's always the best way to start the day," she teased, before slipping from the bed and getting dressed.

They shared a quick breakfast and headed outside to see if the ritual was ready. A group of the elders were by the stone circle in the middle of the village were the ritual would take place and she and Tathal headed over to them. At the same time Lohr appeared, giving them a warm smile as she joined the group.

"I see things are almost ready," Lohr said. "Is everyone here?"

"No," one of the elders replied.

"What? Who is missing?"

"Piper."

"Oh for the love of the Gods," the Tree Mother sighed. "I knew I should have sent someone to fetch him." She rubbed her temples in annoyance, then smiled at Narlissa. "Narlissa, dear, I may have one more task for you."

Narlissa grinned. "You need me to fetch something?"

"Someone, actually. Piper is a local shaman. He's also a satyr, so maybe if a beautiful girl asks for his help he might actually do it."

Realisation dawned on Narlissa. Satyrs were renowned hedonists who never took anything too seriously. It did not surprise her to learn this one had let himself get distracted and never turned up.

"Where does he live?"

"Go east until you reach the river, then follow it north until you come to a fork. That is the area he normally calls home."

"I will be back in a few hours," Narlissa said with a bow.

"I doubt it. The journey isn't a short one, and around Piper things have a habit of... coming up." She smiled mischievously. "Just get him here, even if it's tomorrow when you arrive."

Narlissa wondered what the Tree Mother meant, but wasn't about to bother her with more questions. She refreshed her supplies and fetched Faeht, her mare, before setting off into the forest once more. Faeht was an excellent horse and they reached the river quickly. Then Narlissa rode her northwards.

Lohr was right, the journey was not quick. But the scenery was beautiful and Narlissa enjoyed every second. Whilst she had been brought up in the cities and felt most at home there that did not mean she didn't enjoy the countryside. All elves had some affinity with nature.

The afternoon grew long as she finally came to the fork in the river than Lohr had spoken about. She guided Faeht over a shallow part of the slow-moving river, then dismounted on the other side. There was no sign of the satyr she was looking for.

Just then she heard the sounds of a flute and the smell of cooking. Leading Faeht by the reins, she pushed through the trees. Suddenly they opened out into a beautiful glade. A small fire burned in the middle - not for light, as it was still daytime, but to cook with. Three fish were roasting above it and Narlissa had to admit they smelled delicious.

What really caught her attention though was the man playing the flute by the fire. He was taller than Narlissa at 5'8" or so and he had messy red hair and a neat goatee and sparkling green eyes. Two small horns sprouted from his head and he wore nothing but a loincloth. His body was toned and athletic, but the most striking thing about him were his legs, which from the thigh downwards became extremely hairy and resembled those of a goat with hooves instead of feet.

Well, this was definitely her satyr.

"Piper?" she called out.

He jumped, then smiled as he saw her. He very blatantly looked her up and down.

"Yes. And you are?"

"Narlissa. I've come to fetch you. The elves need your help."

"Ah yes, that little thing. I was coming, I just needed to swim first. Then I had to sleep. Then it was time to fish, then more sleep. And now I need to cook. After that I will eat, then perhaps sleep some more. Then I will visit the village. Although I might be hungry again at that point..."

"Piper!" Narlissa said.

He blinked in surprise as she broke his reverie. "Yes, Narlissa?"

"We have to go!"

The satyr grinned and Narlissa felt a familiar throb in her magic cunt. He was stunningly handsome, she had to admit.

"We cannot leave until we have eaten, Narlissa. Travelling on an empty stomach is always a bad idea. Will you join me for dinner?"

Narlissa sighed. The satyr had a point, though she couldn't help getting the feeling that he was deliberately delaying her. Still, the fish smelled delicious.

She let Faeht go, allowing the mare to roam. Narlissa knew her horse would not go far. Then she joined Piper by the fire.

It did not take long for the fish to be ready, and she hungrily tucked into it. Piper fetched a flask of something heady and wonderful-smelling, and poured them a cup each.

"I really shouldn't..." Narlissa started, but was cut off as he thrust the cup into her hand.

"A toast!" he cried, then drank.

Not wanting to be rude, Narlissa did the same. And she had to admit it was delicious.

As they ate, Piper talked. And talked. Narlissa barely got a word in but she found him strangely enchanting. Between talking he would sing, or play his flute. At one point she found herself dancing sensually for him as he played his harp. Then suddenly there was more food cooking, then they were eating again. And all the while she could not take her eyes off him. Her horniness grew more and more the longer she spent in his company.

And as Narlissa finished the second meal Piper had prepared for her she glanced upwards. It was dark.

She jumped to her feet frantically. Where had the afternoon gone? It had been daylight when she'd arrived!

"Narlissa, why the sudden panic?" Piper said, moving over to her.

"I have to get back to the village. With you!"

"It is too late to travel back now," he said quietly, coming to stand in front of her then loosely wrapping his arms around her waist. "We will have to wait until morning."

Narlissa groaned, realising that he was right. And that maybe this is what Lohr had meant at the start.

"It looks like you will have to spend the night, Narlissa," the satyr winked.

"So that was your plan all along? To convince me to spend the night with you?" Narlissa sighed. "If you wanted to fuck me, you should have just said! Then we could have been on our way before night fell." She let her eyes wander over his wonderful body and felt her magic cunt throb. "Gods above, I wouldn't have said no."

Piper's infuriatingly charming grin grew wider. "You make it sound so unromantic, Narlissa. The build-up is half the fun. Don't you like to be courted?"

"No," Narlissa growled. "I don't like waiting."

And to prove her point, she kissed him.

He seemed stunned by the action and the sudden loss of control over the situation. All of a sudden Narlissa was dictating things.

She broke the kiss and roughly pushed him onto the cushions that they had been sitting upon to eat. He landed legs splayed, though his eyes no longer shone with surprise but rather pure desire.

Narlissa dropped to her knees and roughly pulled off his loincloth. She was delighted to note that the goat part of his anatomy did not start until much lower down - he was all human where it mattered. Without a word, she grasped his cock and took him into her mouth.

He threw his head back with a moan and she stared up into his green eyes as she started to tease him with her tongue. He swiftly grew hard and she bobbed her head lustfully, before pulling off and kissing down his sides whilst her hand pumped on his shaft. Soon he was completely slick with her saliva.

She knelt upright, unlacing her corset and throwing it aside, revealing her tits to his eager eyes. He quickly sat up, his hands on those perfect breasts to squeeze them as she loosened her pants and shimmied out of them. Now she was naked too.

"Lie back," she demanded, pushing him roughly. He did not complain.

She climbed on top of him, grasping his dick and giving it a few more pumps before impaling herself on it. His member sank into her eager, hungry cunt and she moaned as she took him in all the way. She rested there a moment enjoying that she had the control for the first time this evening, then started to bounce her hips.

Piper did not seem to mind that Narlissa was the one in charge. Indeed the satyr seemed perfectly happy with the way things were going, though that was hardly surprising when a stunningly beautiful half-elf was passionately riding his cock.

Soon Narlissa was riding him with vigour and her hips slammed down against him. He was groaning loudly and she was not quiet either. His hands were not still, alternating between roving over her back and ass and squeezing her breasts as they shook with her lustful movements.

She whimpered and leant down to kiss the flirtatious satyr as she felt her orgasm building in her core. Piper took the initiative and started to thrust, meeting her movements with his own. She could tell they were both so close.

And then the moment arrived. With a scream of pleasure Narlissa came, her juices seeping out around Piper's thick satyr cock. His own hips bucked and she could tell he was coming inside her and from the way his green eyes rolled back it was almost certainly the most powerful orgasm of his life. Such was the blessing that her magic cunt gave to her partners.

When at last their pleasure was over she collapsed next to him on the cushions. She grabbed a nearby blanket and pulled it over her, not for modesty but for warmth in the cool night.

"I'm still annoyed that I'm having to spend the night, you know," she giggled as she drifted off to sleep.

Piper didn't even have the courtesy to look bashful.