 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, awoke to find morning breaking in the sky above her. She was still in the glade where Piper lived.

The hedonistic satyr was cooking. Again. She wondered how he maintained such an amazing figure when all he seemed to do was cook, eat and sleep. Well, she supposed there was all the dancing. He liked dancing.

Also fucking.

He grinned as he glanced over at her, bringing her a bowl of delicious-smelling cooked fruits and a mug of steaming herbal tea.

"We really should get going," Narlissa said, sitting upright. "We're already late."

"Then being a little later won't make any difference, will it?" Piper chuckled.

Narlissa could not argue with him, nor could she deny that she was hungry. And as she watched the handsome satyr sit opposite her completely naked, she could not deny she was horny either as was always the case when she woke up.

The food was delicious and soon they had finished. Piper stood up, moving to play his harp.

"No," Narlissa said, gathering her things. "We need to leave. Now."

"One song?"

"No!" she commanded, because she knew full well what that meant. One song would mean a second song. And then they would be dancing. And then she would be dancing FOR him. And then she would be on her knees with her lips around his cock... and then... and then...

She realised he had collected his harp and begun playing. She growled to herself and shook her head, breaking her reverie. Gods above, she wanted to fuck him. But if she wanted to get back to the village today, she couldn't do so.

"Get your things, Piper. We're leaving!"

He pouted, then gathered his belongings. With a little more cajoling she had him ready to leave, though not without some more extreme willpower to deny his constant attempts to draw her into doing more fun activities.

Soon she was mounted on Faeht and they were heading back through the woods. Piper had his own steed, a large, stocky goat. It looked faintly ridiculous, especially given his own goat-like legs and horns, but Narlissa said nothing.

In fact, she barely spoke to Piper at all. To do so would be to let herself get distracted, which would be all too easy to do given how horny she was. Her magic cunted demanded that she have sex and it was taking all her willpower not to rein Faeht in and drag Piper off his ridiculous goat and have him fuck her right there and then.

The journey back was much quicker than the journey there as Narlissa now knew the route. Yet it was still tortuous, her horniness threatening to boil over at any point.

She was barely in control of herself when she reached the edges of the village and rode in, Piper behind her. She found Lohr and some of the elders standing by the stone circle in the village centre.

"Ah, you return," Lohr smiled at Narlissa, then scowled at Piper. "And he finally shows himself."

"I am not one of your elves to command," Piper smiled at Lohr, climbing from his goat with a flourish and a wink.

"I think we're all thankful for that," the Tree Mother responded with a sigh and wry shake of her head.

Narlissa watched as Tathal approached with the elders. She could tell he was nervous, and suddenly she was nervous too. Her horniness was pushed aside at least partially.

The mage was about to have his soul made whole again, after all. A fragment of his essence was stored in a magical dagger, meaning that anyone who owned the dagger owned him and could compel him to do what they wanted. The elves were ready to perform a ritual that would draw that soul fragment out of the dagger and allow it to fuse with him again, letting him finally be free.

Well, it was time to get started.

Tathal was led to the stone circle where he gently lay down on top of the bed of leaves and shot Narlissa a nervous smile. She gave him a reassuring smile back then stepped away. The clan elders made a circle around him, the most powerful spellcaster at the head. Piper collected his pack and joined them and sprinkled a powder onto Tathal, his shamanistic magic needed for the ritual to be a success. At least he was taking it seriously now he had arrived.

Watching Tathal and Piper together made Narlissa's horniness come flooding back, and she squirmed, trying to suppress it. Now was not the time.

The villagers watched on with rapt interest as the elders began to chant. The air crackled with power and Tathal's eyes shut. He breathed slowly as if in a deep sleep.

Narlissa watched on in awe as the elders raised their hands and a ghostly mist rose up from Tathal's body. His soul! She had never seen a soul before. She had not expected it to look like a silvery fog. As the soul hovered above them, she noticed his body was still breathing.

Then the elders turned to the dagger. With another word of power it too floated into the air.

"This is it," Lohr said quietly from next to her. "Now they draw out the fragment."

The chief spellcaster raised his arm, then flicked his wrist. The soul fragment started to emerge from the dagger.

Then something went terribly wrong.

A loud explosion sounded through the village, throwing the elders back. Tathal's body jerked, his back arching, and a long ragged scream of pain was torn from his lungs. The fragment of his soul quickly slipped back into the dagger.

Then a loud, sinister laugh echoed through the clearing, and with a sound like tearing fabric a portal ripped open above the dagger, jet black but with its edges burning with bright red fire. Narlissa watched on in horror as Tathal's soul started flowing quickly into that portal.

"A demon! There was a demon in the dagger!" one of the elders shrieked. "Get everyone away!"

Lohr was already a whirl of motion, shouting orders, getting the elves to the safety of their homes. Not that they needed telling - most had already fled.

The elders too were not still, they focused harder, chanting louder. Tathal's soul stopped pouring into the portal, the scene seeming to pause as if frozen in time.

Suddenly Narlissa realised that Piper was shouting at her. He was standing with Lohr, and waving her over.

Her horniness suddenly forgotten, Narlissa rushed to join them. They were in frantic conversation with one of the elders.

"What happened?" Narlissa cried as she got there.

"We did not know there was a demon inside!" the elder said in a panicked voice. "It had hidden itself completely."

"But what is happening to Tathal's soul?"

"Is is consuming him!" the old elf shrieked. "When we punched past the dagger's magic, it was able to punch out. Now it will have all of him. And all of us!"

Lohr was pale-faced. "Is there nothing we can do? Must we evacuate?"

"Only another demon can cross that portal," Piper said. "I have encountered such magic before."

Narlissa turned to him. "Piper, what if someone has a small amount of demonic essence inside them. Will that be enough?"

"If I can draw enough of it out to paint a ward on their skin, then yes. The portal will sense only the demon and let them pass."

"Then I will cross the portal."

Lohr's eyes opened wide. "You are a demon, Narlissa?"

"Not entirely. But I do have a small part of a demon's essence inside me."

"How long do we have?" Lohr said, turning to the elder.

"A few hours," the man said quietly, having calmed down. "We can hold the demon at bay for a few hours. But after that..." he trailed off, the rest not needing to be said.

"Then do what you need to do," Lohr said to Narlissa, then turned to Piper with a stern look on her face. "And for once in your life, Piper, do not get distracted!"

Then she marched away. The elder followed her, returning to the circle and rejoining the chant.

Narlissa caught Piper's eyes. "So what do you need me to do?" she asked.

"I need to draw the demonic essence from you, and use it to stitch a ward that will protect you as you cross the portal. But I do not sense it."

"It has not manifest yet," she replied simply.

"Then how does it do so?"

She bit her lower lip. Her horniness simmered away, rearing its head again at the prospect of what was about to happen. She felt her magic cunt yearn to be stuffed full. Perhaps denying herself release that morning would work out to be a blessing in disguise after all.

She smiled, then took his hand, leading him away. Soon they had reached a storeroom that she knew was unoccupied, carved into the base of a thick tree. She pulled Piper inside and shut the door, then pressed herself against him.

His eyes went wide. "Narlissa, what are you doing?"

"Making the magic manifest," she whispered back.

Her hand slipped beneath his loincloth, finding his cock. She wrapped her fingers around it and started to gently toy with his dick. And despite his shock, Piper did not pull away from her.

"We don't have time for this!" he said. "As the Tree Mother said, we cannot get distracted."

Narlissa kissed his bare chest lightly and continued stroking his cock beneath his loincloth. He was growing harder in her hand and she loved the feeling - despite everything that was happening outside, all she could think about was sex.

"Piper, the demonic essence inside me is originally from an incubus. It is lust magic. How do you think lust magic manifests?"

Her magic cunt throbbed again. Apparently her sex drive didn't care if there were terrifying demonic portals just outside. And for once Narlissa was delighted at how easily the thought of sex with a hot man turned her on.

"I, ah... I suppose through sex," Piper replied.

"So if to create the ward you need the essence to manifest, and it only manifests strongly enough when I have sex, then what do we need to do?" she purred. His cock was at full mast now.

"We need to fuck," the handsome satyr whispered, sudden realisation dawning on his face. "We need to fuck!"

"Exactly," she murmured, then reached up and pulled him down for a frantic kiss. Their tongues duelled as she played with his cock. She could feel the heat flooding into her aroused pussy already and knew the demon essence inside her magic cunt was definitely manifesting.

Suddenly he pulled his hand away and grabbed her shoulders, roughly spinning her round and pressing her chest against the wall. She undid her pants for him and he tugged them down to her knees and stepped close to her, kissing her neck as he pulled his loincloth aside and pressed his dick against her exposed snatch.

"For once in my life, I don't feel like wasting time," he groaned, then pushed inwards. Narlissa moaned as his cock sank into her hungry pussy.

His hands moved to hold her hips and he started to thrust immediately, his passion already inflamed. Clearly he was able to focus solely on their sex too, though given his hedonistic ways that did not really surprise Narlissa.

"Oh fuck..." she breathed as his dick did wonderful things to her. His thrusts were potent and she loved the feeling of being pressed flat against the wall whilst he roughly fucked her from behind.

She knew she had to keep her voice down and she could tell Piper understood the same. But keeping quiet was a real struggle. Narlissa really was distracted, barely thinking about the demonic portal in the village and the terrifying prospect of what she was about to do. No, she was thinking about the hot satyr pressed up against her from behind, and his wonderful member as it plunged into her cunt again and again.

After a few minutes of passionate fucking she could feel her orgasm building in her core, and from Piper's breathing he was not far off too. He grabbed a handful of her red hair, gripping it tightly and leaned in to tease her pointed half-elven ear. She grunted, the breath knocked out of her lungs by his hammering hips, sobbing out as her pleasure grew.

Suddenly the moment arrived and she reached up to cup a hand over her mouth to stifle her moans as she came hard. Piper followed her, burying his face in the crook of her neck to muffle his own rapturous cry. She swore she could feel his jizz spraying into her depths and that only seemed to prolong her climax.

Their orgasms stretched out until at last they had faded. Narlissa pressed her forehead against the cool wall of the storeroom and breathed in shakily. Piper however was immediately in motion. He withdew his cock and started to mutter under his breath.

Narlissa's eyes went wide as a tingle ran through her, starting in her core then radiating outwards. Silver markings began to trace their way across her skin, until within seconds she was covered in an intricate silver pattern.

She turned around to find Piper covered with a sheen of sweat and breathing deeply. He smiled at her.

"The ward is done," he said.

She sighed, her mind immediately back on her terrifying task now that the blissful distraction of their sex had passed and with it her incredible horniness. She pulled her pants back up and made herself presentable once more.

"Then I guess I better get started."