 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, took a deep breath to steady her nerve. In front of her a demonic portal raged, unnaturally black and its edges rippling with violent red fire. Around her the elves of the village shrunk back away from the portal and she did not blame them. It was terrifying.

She took one last glance at Tathal who lay on his stone plinth unmoving. He was fading away, his soul being stolen more and more by the demon inside the dagger. She could not allow that to happen to one of her friends.

She stepped forwards and into the portal.

A wave of unbearable heat flashed over her, then was swept away as the swirling silver wards that Piper had woven onto her burst to life. Sudden coolness pushed against the fire, until suddenly it all stopped.

She blinked in sudden surprise as she found herself standing in a hellish scene. She was atop a chunk of rock, seemingly suspended in nothingness, the sky a swirling mass of seething red fire. The earth was black and rough beneath her feet.

She stood on the edge of the rock. Behind her it dropped away into the eternal fire and she stifled a whimper as she scrabbled forward away from that terrifying drop. Ahead of her was little better, however. A huge lake of fire burned, an island of granite in its centre. On that island stood a small silver cage and inside that catch glowed a faint silver mist.

Narlissa gasped as she realised that mist was Tathal's soul! She stepped forwards.

"Not so fast, little girl," growled a voice to her right.

Narlissa jumped in surprise then whirled to face the noise. She gasped in fright. Her brown eyes went wide.

A huge bestial demon stood there, at least twice her size. Its skin was red and it reeked of strength and power. Two huge wings were folded across its back and four long and twisting horns grew on its monstrous head. It grinned at her maliciously.

"So nice of you to visit my realm. Here to rescue your friend?" it taunted. "How foolish. Still, you can keep him company as my centrepiece."

Narlissa turned and ran. With a laugh the demon followed, and she felt the ground trembling beneath her feet as it was pounded by the fiend's colossal hooves.

She knew she could not outrun it. Ahead was a gully too narrow for the demon to follow which she dived into. She paused, only to hear the laughter above her head as the fiend spread its wings and took to the skies.

"You cannot run from me, little thief," it chuckled. "This is MY realm. I see everything that happens here."

Narlissa pressed herself against the rock, her heart pounding. But the demon's words had given her a plan. If the fiend could see everything, then maybe she needed to become unseen...

She reached down plucking out the small pendant around her neck with its open eye. Concentrating on it she felt a small shiver run through her and the eye snapped shut. She hoped this would work.

Quietly she padded out from the gully at the far side. Glancing back, she saw the demon alight on the rocks above and peer down into the ravine. It stared straight passed her.

"Where have you gone?!" it bellowed angrily. "There will be no tricks in my realm!"

Narlissa sprinted away from the demon and down towards the lake. She still had to find a way to get across to Tathal's soul. She paused at the lake's edge and stared over to the small island on which sat the silver cage.

Suddenly she realised that she could no longer hear the demon. She turned to face it. The fiend had paused. As she watched it stood up straight and sniffed the air.

"I can smell the demon essence inside you, thief. You will not hide from me."

It took off once again and this time made straight for her, baring its fangs. Narlissa grew cold. She was completely out in the open with nowhere to hide. She only had to hope that the demon could not pinpoint her exactly.

That seemed to be the case. The fiend landed nearby, its huge bulk crashing into the earth and causing the entire rock to shudder. It slammed a fist into the ground and the ground beneath Narlissa's feet erupted, shards of granite jutting upwards violently.

Again and again the demon hit the ground, earthquake after earthquake striking the area around Narlissa. The ground shifted and burst, spikes of rock exploding forth, the once-flat plain now a mess of jagged stones.

Thankfully for Narlissa she had inherited her mother's elven grace and light feet. She danced from rock to rock, leaping over sudden chasms and sliding gracefully away from danger.

The demon was raging and Narlissa realised it was no longer thinking clearly. Whatsmore, the sudden reshaping of the rock was having an unforeseen effect on the terrain. Sudden ravines and chasms caused the lava to flood into them, draining the lake. At the same time rocks began to crash into the lake of fire, sinking into it slowly enough that they might be used to cross it.

With a shrug of her shoulders she realised she had to give it a go. She could not run from this vicious demon forever.

She ran for the lake as the fiend continued to pummel the ground behind her. She reached the shore and leapt and landed nimbly on the first rock, springing from it onto the next.

The island grew closer as she concentrated and jumped from rock to rock, knowing that one wrong move would be the end of her. At last with a leap she felt her feet land on solid ground as she slid to a halt on the island itself.

Yet things could never be so easy. The amulet burned around her neck and Narlissa glanced down to see the eye blink open. It seared bright white then cracked, overwhelmed by the energies that swirled in the air. Frankly she was amazed it had lasted this long - normally the invisibility faded after a few seconds. With a popping sound the chain snapped and it fell uselessly to the ground.

And now the demon knew where she was.

"Stay away from there!" the fiend bellowed, launching itself into the air and diving towards the island.

Narlissa knew she did not have much time. The cage was surrounded by a shimmering forcefield from a red crystal that floated above it. With a cry of defiance she leapt over and dislodged the crystal from the cage. The shield shimmered and failed.

The cage burst. The silvery mist of Tathal's soul swept free then raced towards the portal on the far side of the rock and slipped out through it. Then the portal winked shut.

"NO!" the demon screamed as it landed in front of Narlissa with fury in its eyes. It grasped the now-empty cage, staring into it. Then it hurled it to the ground and faced Narlissa.

"You will pay for that! You will replace your friend in that cage, little thief!" The demon spat the last word and advanced on her.

Narlissa took a step back then realised that she was standing on the edge of the island. The lava was behind her and the rocks that had been hurled into the lake had long-since sunk beneath the surface. She had nowhere to run, and with the portal closed she had no way to get home anyway.

But she was not going to be this demon's victim. She grinned.

"Tathal is free, demon," she said. "And I will remain so. I would rather die than fall into your hands." She jumped backwards into the lava.

Where a strong, protective set of arms caught her mid-air.

She found herself propelled towards the island once more. She landed on the ground at the feet of the colossal demon, scrabbling upright to face it. Yet it was not looking at her. With fear in its eyes it was staring behind her.

Narlissa turned her head to see a man land nimbly on the shore of the rocky island. His hair was brown, as were his eyes, and a copper-red crown sat on his head. His body was toned and attractive and besides the crown he wore only a pair of black pants, his chest and arms bare. He stood about 6'0". Were it not for the horns on his head and the wings on his back he could have passed for human. A stunningly attractive human.

And Narlissa recognised him. "Sesreh!"

He was an incubus. Narlissa had met him once before when she was seeking out an ancient treasure - he was the treasure's guardian, though not a willing one. Together they had struck a bargain: Sesreh would let her have the treasure if she would let him have access the demon magic inside her. He would use it to free himself from the magic trapping him there. And as Piper had just found out, there was only one way to access the demon magic in Narlissa's soul.

Yes, Narlissa had helped the gorgeous incubus fuck himself free.

Sesreh strode past her, his brown eyes fixed on the demon. He raised both his hands and the colossal demon shrieked. It turned, spreading its wings and launching itself into the air, attempting to flee.

Yet it did not succeed. Red lightning crackled from Sesreh's hands and surrounded the fiend. With a loud pop it vanished and suddenly there was silence.

Sesreh whirled to face her. "Narlissa, are you alright?"

She nodded, a sudden grin breaking out on her face. "I did not expect to see you here," she laughed, overwhelmed with relief. She suddenly felt light-headed, her balance wavering.

Sesreh darted forward, catching her in his strong arms and carrying her to the middle of the island.

"I heard your voice echo through the realms, Narlissa. I could not let you die at the hands of such a beast."

"Where did you send him?" she asked weakly.

"Back to his own plane. He will not return. I have made sure of that."

Narlissa reached up, tapping the crown on Sesreh's head. "You have a crown."

"I do indeed," he smiled. "I am a prince, Narlissa. It is why I had the authority to banish that demon. But for now, you must sleep."

Narlissa was not going to object to that. Her eyes slid shut.

She slept for hours.

When she finally awoke she found herself caressed by a cool night breeze. She pushed herself upright and glanced around, confused. She was lying on a plush bed beneath a silken canopy. Gossamer curtains were drawn around three sides, through which she could make out a lush garden beneath a dark sky.

She climbed from the bed and discovered cold marble beneath her bare feet. She was wearing a thin nightgown that did nothing to conceal her wonderful figure, the see-through material revealing her long legs, slender body and big tits. She wondered where her armour had gone. She also wondered where the hell she was.

In front of her was the one side of the canopy that had no curtain. Beyond it she could clearly see the garden. White stone paths wound their way through the verdant plant life and fountains burbled peacefully. The dark sky was starless and moonless, instead shot through with ribbons of beautiful purple fire. Yet everything seemed suffused in a soothing silver light and she had no problem seeing her surroundings.

The bed and canopy were on a raised marble plinth with steps leading down to the wide central path of the garden. There in front of the largest fountain was Sesreh.

"Where am I?" Narlissa asked as she stepped out from the canopy and walked towards him.

He turned to watch her descend the steps with a smile. "Ah, you are awake." He glanced around. "Do you like what I've done with the place?"

Narlissa opened her eyes and stared at the garden as she came to stand in front of the gorgeous demon. "We're still in the dagger?"

"In a manner of speaking, yes," he smiled. "Now that the realm's former master has gone, I have claimed it for my own private use. With some... improvements, of course."

Narlissa stared at him a moment. In her flimsy nightgown she felt naked beneath his gaze but she did not mind her lack of modesty. In fact she felt the opposite - she enjoyed the way his eyes would glance at her body whenever he thought she wasn't looking. Her magic cunt throbbed.

"I notice the landscape wasn't the only thing you changed, either," Narlissa teased, brushing a strand of red hair away from her slightly-freckled face. "Where is my armour?"

The handsome incubus grinned. "It is behind the fountain. But I thought you would prefer to sleep in more... comfortable attire." Then his smile grew naughty. "Besides, I prefer you like this."

Narlissa reached out and placed a hand on his hard chest, then stepped close to him. "I prefer me like this too," she purred, tracing her hand lower until it came to the bulge in his pants. "You said it was your own private realm. Does that mean we won't be disturbed?"

He reached out, grasping her cheeks and tilting her head up towards his. Her lips parted in anticipation.

"Yes it does," he whispered, then kissed her.

Narlissa moaned into the kiss and started to massage his cock through his pants. She enjoyed the way it responded to her motions and after a short while she broke the kiss and instead dropped to her knees.

Sesreh merely smiled down at her knowingly as she unbuckled his pants and pulled them down, his hard cock springing free. She licked her lips and grinned, reaching out to grasp it.

"Thank you for saving me," she said, leaning forwards with a naughty smile. "Perhaps this will go some way to making up for it..."

Then she took him into her mouth. She enjoyed the way he groaned as she did so. When she had first fucked Sesreh she'd wondered whether as a demon he enjoyed sex like she did - by the end of their time together it had become clear that he did. So she had no doubt he was enjoying this, especially not when his fingers thread their way through her hair and gently guided her movements.

She kept up the blowjob for a short while, teasing his balls whilst she bobbed her head on his dick. Soon his shaft was wet with her saliva and she stared up into his brown eyes which glowed with his lust and desire.

Then he reached down lifting her to her feet. She grabbed her nightgown and tugged it over her head before throwing it carelessly away. Her breasts spilled free and immediately he began to squeeze and kiss the sensitive mounds.

After a few seconds he straightened and kissed her passionately, picking her off the ground as he did so. Narlissa did not mind as he strode back towards the canopy and dropped her deftly onto the mattress.

Then he climbed above her and kissed her again. She felt his rock hard cock pressing against her thighs and she shifted, spreading her legs and reaching down to wrap her fist around it. She gave it a few pumps before angling it with her pussy. Sesreh did not break the kiss as he pushed inwards.

Instead it was Narlissa who broke the kiss with a loud moan of pleasure at the feel of his member sinking deeper into her, stretching her full. She wrapped her legs around his waist and grabbed his horns before kissing him again. She whimpered in pleasure as he started to thrust.

Sesreh was not quiet either. His groans were loud, mixing with her own lusty moans and the slapping of his hips against hers. Soon his pace had sped up and Narlissa stared into his brown eyes desperately as she felt an orgasm growing inside her.

Everything was perfect. The hot incubus looked and felt so good above her and his private realm was a haven of tranquility, the peace broken only by their passionate and noisy sex. And although they were outside it was not cold - indeed the temperature was perfect for the heat of their lustful activities. It was almost as if the sexy demon had designed it that way...

Narlissa whimpered again, wrapping her arms around Sesreh's back to stroke his folded wings. "I'm going to come!" she moaned.

"Me too," he grunted, thrusting hard. "By the seven hells... yes!"

Narlissa felt his cock twitch and knew that he was coming. That thought set off her own orgasm and she cried out as pleasure overwhelmed her. Sesreh's eyes squeezed shut and she could tell he was coming extremely hard - obviously the demonic lust magic inside her worked even on other sex demons.

When at last he was done he withdrew his cock from her sated pussy and lay next to her on the bed. She grinned breathlessly.

"So incubi can still come then, huh?" she giggled.

"Yes," he replied with a naughty smirk. His hard, toned body looked even sexier with a sheen of sweat. "But with you, it is even more potent than usual. The way the demon magic has fused with your mortal essence is extremely powerful. I have never seen anything like it. It is hard to leave an incubus satisfied, but you have done so."

"A lofty compliment," Narlissa teased.

Sesreh laughed, then after a moment to recover climbed from the bed. "Shall I give you a tour of the gardens?"

Narlissa grinned. She liked the sound of that.