 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, walked with Sesreh through the beautiful night-clad gardens that he had shaped within the dagger's realm. She was back in her flimsy nightgown, enjoying how it felt on her skin.

She was astounded by how this could be the same place that had been a nightmarish hellscape only a few hours before. Whilst she understood that a powerful demon could shape a realm to his or her will, it still blew her mind to see it in action.

Besides, she had not known Sesreh was so powerful.

"So you're a prince?" she said at last, noticing that the copper-red crown was back on his head.

He grinned widely at her. "I am indeed. After your help, I made a triumphant return to my realm." Then he laughed wearily. "But it has been an extremely busy time."

"Hence the need for a private retreat."

"No one else will know it exists. This is such a small realm that it will be beneath the notice of all the other fiendish lords. And as only I now hold the power to enter, I will come here whenever I need a break."

"What about the dagger? Didn't you say that was a gateway to this realm?"

Sesreh smiled. "The dagger is useless. It was a key to open a door, but under a new master the door has a different lock. The dagger has no magical power anymore. It is just a dagger."

Narlissa grinned in delight. So Tathal truly was safe.

Then her eyes went wide. Tathal! And the elves! She had come through the portal to save him, but she had not returned. They would have no way of knowing that she was safe and alive.

Sesreh noticed her alarm and smiled sadly. "You have realised you must leave."

"Yes," she replied. "I have to go back. But thank you for all your help, Sesreh."

The demon bowed, then turned away and reached into the large fountain that stood nearby. From the water he pulled a glistening golden pendant and handed it to Narlissa.

"This is my pendant!" she said, staring at it with awe. "I thought it had broken."

"It had. I found it discarded and useless, but immediately recognised it as belonging to my old mistress. You must have claimed it from her treasure hoard." He cocked his head. "I am surprised you were able to make any use of it, however. It needs a constant supply of demonic energy to work. Only a warlock or a demon can use it proficiently."

Narlissa's eyes went wide. That explained so much! She had never been able to make it work properly - it would only keep her invisible for a few seconds at most. And yet it had worked very well earlier because the air was suffused with so much demonic energy for it to draw from.

"Thank you, Sesreh," she said, taking it from him.

"I have gifted it with a tiny fraction of my power. It will no longer run out when you use it."

Narlissa gasped. "That is a gift beyond measure."

"It is nothing, Narlissa," the handsome incubus replied. "I owe you my freedom. This is merely a small token of my gratitude."

Narlissa put the pendant around her neck, then collected her armour from beside the fountain and got dressed into it once more. She put the nightgown in her pack with the intention of keeping it and noticed Sesreh's knowing smile. The demon prince did not seem to mind.

Then he turned, beckoning for her to follow as he walked the middle of the largest patio. He raised his arms and a portal appeared, this one a soothing blue.

"This will take you back," he said, then regarded her sadly. "I will miss you, Narlissa. It has been enjoyable spending time in your company again."

She grinned. "Well, you can always call me back to this private retreat whenever you like," she winked. "I won't say no to more time alone with you."

Sesreh stared at her a moment, obviously considering something. Then at last he spoke.

"Narlissa, I have an offer for you. I mentioned that the dagger was dormant; that it was no longer a gateway to this realm. My power can reshape it into one again." He gestured at the pendant. "You can use the energy I have placed in the amulet. But be warned: doing so will shatter the pendant's enchantment, leaving it irreversibly broken. You will have to choose."

He stepped towards her and gave her a lingering kiss. "You must go through the portal now. Return to your friends. Goodbye, Narlissa."

Then he vanished, clearly returning to his normal realm.

Narlissa stood there in stunned silence, blinking back surprise at everything she had just been told. It was a lot to take in! Still, she would have a chance to process all that later. For now she needed to return home.

Narlissa stepped through the shimmering blue portal and moments later found herself back in the centre of the wood elven village. She took a deep breath of the forest air and enjoyed being back where she'd started. Gathered in front of the portal was a group of people and in that number she recognised her friends. Amongst them was Tathal, whose eyes went wide with delight when he saw her.

"Narlissa!" the mage cried, rushing over and wrapping her in a tight hug. "You're back! I am so relieved to see you again. And so thankful," he said, staring at her with awestruck eyes. "You saved me. Not just my life, but my very soul."

Before Narlissa could reply however Tathal had stepped away and Piper had embraced her with a relieved hug of his own. After the satyr came a delighted Lohr. Narlissa felt like she'd been embraced by half of the village before she was finally released.

Unsurprisingly the mood changed quickly. Lohr sprang into action, giving out orders as she hastily organised a party. Music started up and feasts began to be cooked. People were dancing and singing and Narlissa delighted in the festival atmosphere suddenly sweeping through the village.

She was giddy with happiness. The elves deserved a celebration - they had put everything at risk in order to save the life of Tathal, a man they did not even know existed only a few days before. She knew he would always be grateful for their help.

The party stretched on into the evening. Food was served and wonderful artistic performances were given, including a beautiful musical piece from Piper himself. The hedonistic satyr was completely at ease in the middle of the thriving party, making sure he was never far from either the women or the wine.

Narlissa let herself relax and enjoy the festivities. She wandered the village, chatting happily with the elves, soaking up the atmosphere. It was only when one of the village women complimented her beautiful amulet that she remembered Sesreh's words.

Making her way back to the clearing where the ritual had taken place she found Lohr deep in thought and staring at the dagger. The Tree Mother turned to her as she approached.

"This dagger cannot stay here, Narlissa," Lohr said. "But I do not know what to do with it."

"I would like to keep it, if you would let me," Narlissa said. "It will remind me of my strength when I am tested."

Yes, that was a very good excuse. Narlissa did not think admitting the truth - that she wanted it so she could have easy access to incubus cock - would go down so well.

Lohr considered the request a moment before smiling. "Then that suits both of us. You are welcome to it. May it serve you well." Then she turned and returned to the party.

Narlissa picked up the dagger and walked to the edge of the village, where she sat down on a fallen log. With the dagger in one hand and the pendant in the other she sat for a moment in silence, weighing up the positives and negatives of such an important decision. Only one of the artifacts could benefit from Sesreh's power, and now she had to choose which one she wanted more.

All logic dictated she keep the amulet. Its enchantment was an incredible boon to someone of her profession. Invisibility on demand would make thievery trivially easy.

On the other hand, the dagger meant she would have ready access to Sesreh, with all his carnal prowess. A beautiful garden in which she would find a hot incubus to fuck her senseless whenever she desired. Her magic cunt throbbed at the idea and she shivered faintly in delight.

Frankly, it wasn't a hard decision at all.

She pressed the pendant against the dagger. The weapon glowed blue for a second and she could feel the power radiating from it. Then it faded back into dormancy but she knew the transfer of Sesreh's essence had worked.

"Invisibility is cheating anyway," she chuckled to herself as she stuffed the now-useless pendant into her bag, before wrapping the dagger in leather and carefully storing it away in her pack too.

She returned to the village. After a while she caught sight of Tathal, who was speaking happily with Lohr. When they were done he came over to her, offering her a mug of sweet elven honeywine.

"What will you do next?" she asked him as they sipped the delicious drink. "Will you stay here?"

Tathal smiled at her. "I will. In fact, that's what I was just discussing with Lohr. The Tree Mother has offered me a place here as a teacher to the youngsters. I think I would welcome a change of pace. I have been travelling for so long, never the master of my own soul... I would like to settle down awhile."

"Then you should!" Narlissa beamed, delighted for him. "You will be so happy here, I just know it."

They chatted for a long while, enjoying each other's company. The sun had long since set but the festivities continued on late into the night. Eventually however things started to wind down, the village emptying as the elves finally returned to their homes, delighted but exhausted from the night of gleeful partying. 

Of course not everyone seemed tired. Narlissa watched on in amusement as she spotted Piper disappearing into the forest with Lucia, one of the village's beautiful female rangers. Narlissa had spotted Piper flirting with the gorgeous blonde elf earlier that evening, and she grinned to herself at the knowledge that they were not going off somewhere private so they could sleep.

And seeing the two of them together made her mind wander to more carnal places. Her magic cunt throbbed and she laughed inwardly as she started to become extremely horny. Thankfully she was sitting in the company of an extremely handsome man, one whom she had fucked many times before. She did not think he would mind finishing off this celebration in a similar manner.

"Tathal, it's getting late. I think we should go somewhere private," she smiled naughtily.

The mage raised an eyebrow then grinned. He glanced around, clearly noticing how empty the village was getting. "I think you're right." Then he reached out, brushing a strand of red hair away from Narlissa's slightly-freckled face. "Perhaps you would join me tonight?"

"There's no perhaps about it," Narlissa replied, leaning forwards. "You're going to fuck me tonight Tathal. I won't take no for an answer."

"I wasn't planning on saying no," he winked, then kissed her passionately.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him in return, moaning into his mouth. For a minute or so they simply sat there making out in the middle of the elven village until at last Narlissa pulled away.

"I can't wait any more - I need you to fuck me," she pleaded.

Tathal didn't say anything. Instead he stood up, taking her by the hand and leading her back towards his home. A home he would now have permanently, Narlissa realised as they hurried towards it.

Soon he had pulled her inside and wrapped her in a passionate embrace. Their tongues duelled as they kissed lustfully and Narlissa pressed herself against the sexy mage. His own hands dropped to her ass and gave it a good squeeze.

As they kissed they slowly made their way over the bed in the corner of the room, peeling their clothes from each other's bodies as they did so. Narlissa's corset was first, then Tathal's robes and underclothes leaving him completely naked. As they reached the bed Tathal pushed her down onto the mattress then dropped to his knees.

He stared up at her with a naughty smile as he peeled off her boots then unlaced her pants, sliding them down her slender legs. When they were off he pushed her legs apart and with a sparkle in his blue eyes leaned forwards and began to devour her pussy.

Narlissa threw her head back with a moan as the mage's tongue found her most sensitive areas. She reached down and thread her fingers through his long black hair, using it as leverage to push his face harder against her cunt. He did not seem to mind and as his tongue toyed with her clit he brought his hand up and pushed two fingers into her snatch. She moaned and sobbed in ecstasy at his excellent work and it did not take long before she came hard against his face, crying out loudly in pure pleasure as a powerful orgasm ripped through her.

When at last the climax faded she slumped back against the sheets with a breathless grin, but at the same time she knew she wanted more. Tathal climbed on above her and Narlissa kissed him before sliding further up onto the mattress. He followed her and she moaned, her eyes going wide as he grasped his dick and neatly speared her dripping cunt. The feeling of him inside her was exquisite.

His pace was slow at first and Narlissa delighted in that. He held himself above her, staring into her eyes with pure desire, his long black hair tumbling down around her face. She reached up and pulled him in for a frantic kiss. He responded in kind and Narlissa relished the way his thrusts had begun to speed up. Soon he was fucking her with vigour and the entire bed was shaking with the force of their sex. Her moans and his grunts were loud and she could feel another orgasm building inside her.

Tathal was the same and she could see from his shining blue eyes that he was going to come. The mage stared at her with desperate need and she nodded, biting her lip. They both knew the other was close without saying a single word.

Then the moment arrived for her lover. Tathal cried out, throwing his head back as he came inside her. He twitched, his thrusts becoming jerky as he filled her with his spunk and Narlissa did not need anything more to be pushed over the edge. With a scream of her own she came hard, twitching and writhing as pleasure suffused them both.

At last it faded and he slumped down on top of her, kissing her with passion but also more tenderness. She responded similarly and they settled down next to each other on the mattress. The morning light was starting to show through the window and she realised they'd been fucking for a while. Now it was time to relax.

Soon she would leave the village, her itchy feet needing her to wander once more. But for now she was calm and happy and in no rush to leave.

She fell asleep with the biggest smile on her beautiful face.

THE END