 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, grumbled as she stared down at the magical pendant around her neck. Beneath her Faeht gracefully walked along and Narlissa knew her loyal horse would stick to the road without fail, which meant she could focus on what was annoying her.

The pendant was not working. It was supposed to turn her invisible but it was no longer doing so, at least not for any useful length of time. The pendant was a golden disc on a delicate chain, and on the disc was engraved a picture of an open eye. When she concentrated on the item the engraved eye closed and she became invisible. She remained that way until she concentrated again, at which point the eye reopened and she was visible once more.

But that was no longer happening. The eye would close, but reopen again within seconds. If it only hid her from sight for a few moments then it was barely any use at all.

She gave up thinking about it and checked her pack out of habit. It still contained half a dozen pouches full of gold from the treasure haul she had scored from the ancient warlock's trove a few weeks back.

She was grateful once again for the enchanted bag she had bought almost immediately after her adventure. It was constructed in such a way that it magically held far more items than its size would suggest, and made them weigh next to nothing on top of that. All the gold she carried would normally have been almost unbearably heavy but with the magical pack they felt as light as a feather.

She counted the bags of gold and smiled to herself when she realised there was still a lot left. She could afford to take a year off if she wanted and live in total luxury for that entire time.

However she knew she would get bored if she did so - she enjoyed her work too much for that. For you see, Narlissa was one of the greatest thieves in the whole queendom. Not one of the most famous, of course, because the half-elf understood that the best thieves were practically unknown.

But you see, she had a moral code too. She only ever stole from those that she felt could afford the loss, and what's more they usually deserved it too. She had a code that she kept to so that she didn't become a truly bad person even if she was a thief.

Afternoon stretched into evening as she rode and even worse dark rain clouds had started to form in the sky, making it even darker than it otherwise would have been. The thief knew she'd need to stop soon before a downpour started.

Narlissa took up Faeht's reins and grimaced. A familiar throb had started in her magic cunt and she grumbled to herself. She was feeling very horny but that was no real surprise. And unfortunately for her she was in the middle of the wilderness and had seen no sign of a tavern on her journey today. It looked like she would have to take matters into her own hands even though that did not provide anywhere near the same sense of relief.

A few minutes later the heavens did open and rain started to hammer down. Faeht broke into a trot and Narlissa cursed under her breath at the weather. They crested a hill and the half-elf smiled as she laid eyes upon a small farm.

It was really getting dark now so she quickly led Faeht off the road and into the farm, heading towards the barn. She had no desire to knock on the door because she was never sure how people would react to a lone traveller and particularly not a half-elf. It was safer just to remain undetected. She would sleep in the barn and leave in the morning before anyone even knew she was there.

She jumped down from Faeht and picked the lock on the barn door before leading her mount through and shutting it again behind her. She couldn't lock it from the inside but she was sure that wouldn't matter. The barn was full of hay and also seemed to serve as a stables given the four stalls on one side, two of which had horses in. There was a mezzanine on the back wall that was reached by climbing a ladder.

As the rain noisily fell on the roof Narlissa led Faeht to the furthest stall, which was empty. She gathered some food and water for the mare and then shut the door, happy that her mount would be fed and rested. That done, she quickly climbed the mezzanine to the small balcony and looked around.

It was actually quite comfortable. There was a small lamp that was unlit and a wide mattress on a bed of hay. Clearly someone slept up here sometimes and Narlissa remembered that sometimes farmers had to stay in the barn if one of their animals was sick. That was likely what this was for.

She took off her cloak, laying it down so that she could use it as a blanket and then slowly stripped out of her wet armour. When she was nude she climbed beneath the cloak and listened to the rain. She was hungry and horny but she had no food. That would have to wait until the morning. The horniness however she could do something about.

Her hand slid down her body, coming to rest between her thighs. Just as she started to enjoy herself there was a sudden creak and she opened her eyes and turned her head. The door to the barn was open and a man in his mid-twenties was leading a horse in.

"Hello?" the man called with suspicion. "Is someone in here?"

Narlissa wondered how he knew but then she remembered the lock. She had not thought it would matter but clearly this man remembered that he'd locked the door.

She decided to say nothing but knew he would probably see Faeht. And of course a few seconds later he did when he led his horse to the empty stall and found Faeht in it.

"I know someone is in here," he said loudly. "Show yourself, thief! I will not have someone steal my family's horses!" He set his legs apart, clearly ready for a fight.

Narlissa sighed. She had no choice. "I'm up here," she said, looking down at him from the balcony. "I am sorry, I came to seek refuge from the weather in your barn."

The man jumped at her voice and narrowed his eyes at her. "How do I know your intention isn't to steal our horses?"

"Because I'm wearing nothing but a cloak wrapped around myself for warmth, and I would hardly be able to make a quick getaway like this," Narlissa grinned, standing up so that he could see she was telling the truth. She was holding the cloak up at her neck so nothing indecent was revealed but from her bare shoulders and arms it was obvious that she was telling the truth.

The man looked at her for a moment longer than necessary before he finally turned away. He led his own horse into the remaining empty stall and then turned back to Narlissa.

"I will not throw you out in this weather, but I cannot invite you into the house. I do not think my family would appreciate a trespasser."

"I understand," she replied. "Thank you for letting me stay in here. I will leave everything as it is."

"Apart from the food you have stolen for your horse?"

Narlissa smiled sheepishly. "Apart from that. I will repay you in the morning."

"There is no need," the man said with a dismissive wave of his hand. "We have plenty of feed, and I will not let a horse go hungry. Not when it is only for one night." Then he met her eyes. "Speaking of food, I suppose it would be proper of me to offer you some dinner, since you are technically now a guest."

Narlissa did not want to impose any further when this man was already being generous in letting her stay, but at the same time she was very hungry. "If you have any going spare, I would be most grateful."

The man nodded. "Then I will be back in a moment."

Narlissa lit the small lamp and waited a few minutes until he reappeared at the barn entrance, this time shutting the door behind him. He walked over to the mezzanine and then deftly climbed the ladder with one hand as his other was holding the small pack she knew contained the food.

When he reached the balcony and climbed on Narlissa almost gasped. He was extremely handsome, standing about 6' tall with black hair cropped short and warm brown eyes. He was muscular though not overly so but his build spoke of a job that involved hard work. He was also soaked from the rain.

"You are wet," she said as he joined her on the balcony.

"It is raining. That's what happens," he said with a smile, opening the pack and passing her some food. "I am Ryel."

"Narlissa," she replied as she sat upright, making sure she was covered by her cloak. She took the offered meal and hungrily started to eat.

Ryel was actually quite pleasant company. It seemed his family were indeed farmers and they used their horses for labour on the farm. They did well enough for themselves but were hardly rich. He had a lot of siblings that were too young to work so the money was tight but they were coping. That was also why he could not invite her into the house - his father was very protective and did not like any visitors at all, even in the barn. Narlissa was his secret.

She found the idea that this young man was hiding her from his family quite fun and a little bit naughty. Her magic cunt throbbed and she groaned quietly as she realised how horny she was. She had not been able to get herself off before being interrupted by Ryel's arrival in the barn.

So when she was finished with the meal she had only one thing on her mind. She turned to Ryel.

"I see there is a mattress up here already," she said. "Do you often sleep here?"

"Only when needed. But it is not uncomfortable, so you will be fine. Speaking of which, that reminds me..." he said, reaching into the pack and pulling out a couple of thick blankets. "You will want these. It can get quite cold."

Narlissa took them, thanking him graciously. The rain seemed to be getting stronger. And so was her horniness.

She gazed at Ryel, delighting in how handsome he was. "You will get soaked if you return to the house now."

He sighed. "I know."

"Then stay here."

"There isn't much point, Narlissa. I think the rain will last until the morning, so I'm going to get drenched one way or another."

"Not if you stay all night," she murmured, pushing herself onto her knees. The movement caused her cloak to fall away and reveal her nudity.

Ryel's eyes almost bulged out of their sockets at the sight of her naked body. "I... ah..." he said, struggling to find the words as Narlissa moved to straddle his lap.

Narlissa grinned, leaning in until their faces were only inches apart. "Why go out in the storm when you could stay here and fuck me instead?"

Ryel didn't answer. For a moment he was silent, obviously stunned by her forwardness, then suddenly he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her passionately. Narlissa moaned when he did so and enjoyed the way their tongues battled in each other's mouths. Her hands went straight to his shirt, practically ripping it off to reveal his hard chest with just the right amount of chest hair. His own hands roved over her nude body as she did so.

Narlissa grinned at him and rolled him onto his back on the mattress before breaking the kiss and crawling down his body until she was hunched over his waist. She grabbed his pants, sliding the rain-wet garments from his legs and she moaned as his hard cock sprang free. Now he was as naked as she was.

Then she moved her face to within inches of his beautiful hard cock and stared up into his shimmering brown eyes. She enjoyed the way they rolled back as she slowly took his member into her mouth.

She pleasured him slowly at first, making sure to explore every inch of his hard cock. It was a lovely cock and she enjoyed tasting it. What she enjoyed even more was the way he moaned and twitched with the pleasure of her blowjob. After a few minutes she became more vigorous, making sure to properly bob her head and pump on his shaft with her fist. He writhed in ecstasy, placing a hand on the back of her head and gently thrusting back. She giggled onto his shaft.

"Enjoying yourself?" she breathed, pulling her head free.

He nodded and groaned. "That's an understatement."

"Well it's time to move onto the main course," she said, then threw a leg over him.

She grabbed his cock, not breaking eye contact with him as she angled it with her pussy and then sat down. A moan escaped her lungs as his head pierced her sensitive folds and she shut her eyes to luxuriate in the feeling of his shaft stretching her wide as she took him in fully.

Soon he was hilted inside her and she rested there a moment before starting to roll her hips. Ryel lay there, his hands exploring her body, and she leaned forwards to kiss him as her hips moved. His hands reached to grasp and squeeze her breasts.

It did not take long before she was slamming her hips back against him with passion and she sat more upright to properly ride him. He was thrusting upwards to meet each of her downward strokes and she knew he was enjoying this as much as she was. His brown eyes were glazed and she could tell he wasn't far off his orgasm.

Neither was she, and she rode him more vigorously, their moans echoing around the barn. The rain against the roof was almost drowned out by their cries of passion and the slapping of their flesh.

"Narlissa, I'm going to come," he grunted, his eyes going wide. "I'm going to come inside you!"

She moaned breathlessly. She wanted to see him come, to see the pleasure on his face. "Do it, Ryel! Fill up my pussy!"

With a grunt his eyes rolled back and she felt his dick twitch inside her. She knew he was coming, probably harder than he ever had before. Such was the benefit of her magic cunt. Seconds later her own orgasm arrived and her limbs twitched as mind-blowing pleasure overwhelmed her. She could feel her tunnel spasming along the length of his cock, which still pulsed as it emptied its load of cum deep inside her.

When at last their climaxes had finished she leant down and kissed Ryel deeply. Then she slid from him, collapsing next to him on the mattress. Still the rain was hammering down outside.

She was asleep within moments.