 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, awoke slowly in the mid-morning. Sunlight streamed through a few holes and cracks in the roof of the barn she had slept in. The rain had died off overnight and a beautiful day had dawned.

What had woken her however was the hot man kissing his way down her body. She grinned, staring into Ryel's brown eyes as he reached her legs and guided them apart. Shortly afterwards he was feasting on her sensitive cunt.

Narlissa moaned, threading her fingers through his hair as the gorgeous man used his tongue and fingers to pleasure her. He was very good at eating pussy, and it did not take long before Narlissa was rubbing her hips back against his face. Her eyes opened wide and she screamed out her pleasure as she came hard.

When she had come down from her orgasm she pushed herself upright, dragging him up by his hair to kiss him. He moved to push her down flat but she wiggled free, instead moving onto all fours and turning her face to him. Ryel grinned and moved up behind her, angling his cock with her pussy and slowly pushing inwards. Narlissa moaned as he sank deeper into her needy cunt and began to thrust.

He started slowly and Narlissa enjoyed the slow way he fucked her in the morning. His cock stretched her full so well and she luxuriated in the gentle pleasure. Her head slumped down into the sheets, muffling her loud moans.

Soon however he was thrusting more quickly, their passion growing. Narlissa lifted her head to cry out, the sound of their sex loud in the barn. Ryel leant forwards, grasping one of her swaying tits and cupping it whilst he kissed her shoulder. His hips hammered into hers and she could tell from his grunts that he was close to coming.

Then her moment arrived. Pleasure flooded her mind and she came incredibly hard, her limbs twitching. At the same time Ryel's own orgasm hit him and he groaned in pure pleasure. She was aware that he seemed to be coming as hard as her and knew that it was her magic cunt making sure he got off harder than he ever normally would.

When at last their orgasms had faded he withdrew his sated cock from her pussy. They grinned at each other and quickly ate some more of the food that Ryel had brought the night before. The rest she put in her pack for later. Then they dressed, sharing a flirtatious and pleasant conversation before he climbed down the ladder and checked the coast was clear for her whilst she prepared Faeht.

"No one is outside yet, so you can leave without being seen," he said to her when he returned.

Narlissa nodded, leading Faeht to the barn's entrance. "Thank you for giving me a place to spend the night, Ryel," she said. "And for, well, fucking me senseless."

"It was my pleasure."

She winked. "I know."

Then she gave him a passionate kiss before nimbly climbing onto Faeht's back and riding the mare out of the barn and back onto the main road. Ryel watched her go and waved as she disappeared from sight and she waved back before smiling to herself and focusing on the journey ahead.

Faeht rode swiftly beneath her. Narlissa knew she could guide the mare into the woods and woodwalk to make their journey even quicker but she was in no hurry to be anywhere. She quite enjoyed riding on the roads as it meant she met more people, and meeting more people meant more targets to rob and more sexy men to fuck.

The day passed without much incident. She stopped for lunch by the roadside but didn't really bump into anyone of note. The rainclouds had cleared from the day before so it was dry and Narlissa was thankful for that.

As the afternoon stretched into evening she was just starting to worry about finding somewhere to stop for the night when saw smoke on the horizon and realised a settlement was up ahead. She rode towards it and as night started to fall she reached a large village.

It was not quite big enough to be called a town but it was still larger than any other settlement she had passed through in the past few days. The southern part of the queendom tended to be far less inhabited than the central and northern areas, with what little population there was concentrated around the port cities on the sea to the south.

Still, this village was large enough and she gratefully rode Faeht to the inn that stood in the middle of the town. Narlissa handed a silver coin to the stableboy who ran out to collect the reins and went inside.

It was a large establishment with a cosy fire in the middle of the room and plenty of tables and chairs. One particular patron caught her eye, a handsome man with auburn hair in a ponytail and warm green eyes. He was tall, probably about 6'1", with muscular arms and a broad set to his shoulders. He was probably in his early-thirties and was clearly an adventurer of some sort. They shared a small smile as she passed and Narlissa's magic cunt throbbed at the look in his eyes. She made a mental note to talk to him when she got the chance.

For now she still needed a room and so she approached the innkeeper and coughed to get his attention. He was a portly man in his late-fifties but looked friendly enough.

Narlissa decided to treat herself. She did not do so often and this time she had the gold to splash out. Since she was only here for one night, she rented the best room in the inn.

The innkeeper showed her to her room and then dismissed himself. Narlissa took off her pack and cloak. She decided not to bother changing out of her leather armour just yet and after a few minutes returned to the main room.

There was a commotion. The room had been filled by a dozen men and women in armour and swords. Narlissa paused on the stairs before any of them had seen her and decided to watch. She never trusted large groups of armed men. One of the men was talking to the innkeeper, who looked very nervous.

Amongst them was a very fat man in ornate robes. He was probably a rich merchant of some sort. To his side was an elf who Narlissa determined from his clothes was a mage, and a powerful one at that.

He was also very handsome. He had long black hair that fell loose to his shoulders and piercing blue eyes. He was lithe and slender but attractive for it and Narlissa guessed he was the elven equivalent of a human in his mid-thirties. He stood at probably around 5'10", which was tall for an elf though not abnormally so. His robes were less ostentatious than the merchant's but no less ornate. Indeed the fact that they were slightly understated and he was clearly powerful meant they were actually much more impressive.

Her heart skipped a beat when the mage's eyes flicked up to meet her own gaze. They held it for a moment and then he looked away. Narlissa was sure she saw a small smile play across his face.

Suddenly the fat man in robes pushed his way past the soldiers or guards or whatever they were and approached the table.

"I want your best room," he snapped at the innkeeper. "No excuses!"

"But I have already rented it, sir," the innkeeper pleaded.

The fat man's eyes went wide with rage. "Then unrent it! I will have that room!"

Narlissa realised that they were talking about the room she had just rented. She started to come down the stairs.

"I cannot do that to a customer. Surely you understand?" the innkeeper said quietly, obviously fearing the repercussions.

"Do you dare defy me?" the fat man screamed. "I will have my guards cut off your hands and burn this tavern down. Do you hear me? I will burn it to the ground!"

The innkeeper shied back and nodded. "Of course, of course." He scrabbled around for a key. "Here you are, this is your key. It is on the top floor."

The fat man snatched the key from his grasp and threw it to the closest guard. "Make sure the room is clean," he snapped. "And if there is someone in there, throw them and their belongings onto the street."

Narlissa stood in shock as the man pushed past her. Then it truly dawned on her what the fat man had just said. She hurried down to the ground floor.

"That is my room!" she said, advancing on the fat merchant.

He sneered at her. "You rented that room? You? A pathetic little elf-thing? Get out of my sight, before I have your ears cut off by my guards."

Narlissa stood there, bristling with rage. Clearly this merchant or whatever he was enjoyed his threats. And apparently hated elves, too. She wondered how the elf mage could put up with him. Gold could buy a lot of loyalty, she supposed.

Suddenly the guard who had gone upstairs returned with her belongings. He made a move for the door, clearly about to carry out the instructions to throw them out onto the street. Narlissa snatched them off him.

The fat man laughed. "Yes, seize your petty little baubles. I have no use for them. Now, guards, keep this elven rat away from me!"

Hands seized her and held her back as the merchant waddled past with a smug grin and went upstairs with two guards and the elf mage. Despite her rage, Narlissa did not struggle - she did not think starting a brawl against a bunch of armed guards would be a good idea.

When the merchant was out of sight the guards released her and settled down at a few tables to drink. Clearly they weren't interesting in humiliating her any further but that didn't make Narlissa's mood any better. She would have her revenge on that merchant.

Suddenly she realised that the innkeeper had approached her. He grabbed her hands and apologised profusely for what had happened. Narlissa did not blame him. He'd been threatened with violence and the loss of his tavern. He'd really been given no choice. She'd have done the same thing, she was sure.

She asked him about who the fat man was and innkeeper told her in hushed tones. It turned out that the fat man was a merchant known for visiting these parts, and a local bully. He hired guards to enforce his will and that made him feel like he was important. He used that power to get what he wanted and generally humiliate people. All in all, he sounded like a very nasty man.

And the perfect target.

Narlissa couldn't help but let a smile play across her face as the innkeeper talked. Her mind was totally made up.

The innkeeper gave her back her gold but then told her that he had no rooms left, as the guards had taken up any spare ones. She sighed to herself and thought that she could at least get some dinner.

A serving girl came out with some soup and refused payment when Narlissa tried to offer a silver coin. Apparently the innkeeper was letting her have this for free for her troubles. She ate hungrily.

As she enjoyed her dinner, she noticed one of the travellers eyeing her. She met his gaze and smiled. It was the handsome adventurer she had seen earlier and her magic cunt throbbed at the sight of him. Despite her current situation her lust was growing at the same rate as always.

So imagine Narlissa's delight when the traveller stood up and came to sit at her table. Perhaps the evening could be salvaged after all.

"I hope you don't mind me joining you. I'm sorry about what happened," he said. "I feel I should have at least tried to intervene."

Narlissa swallowed, trying to ignore the horniness that flooded through her at his presence. "There's nothing you could have done. There were twelve guards and a mage."

"True," the man nodded, agreeing. "Still, I can't help but feel at least partly responsible for your current predicament. My name is Jost."

"Narlissa," she responded, offering her hand to shake. She was amused when he took it and kissed it instead. She wondered what that mouth would feel like kissing something else...

They talked as she ate. Jost was good company. It turned out he was an adventurer and was just passing through. Judging from his armour and the way he carried himself she could tell he was a fairly successful one, but not too ostentatious. As they spoke, however, her mind kept returning to how horny she was and conjuring up images of Jost doing wonderful things to her.

"Are you alright, Narlissa?" he said suddenly. "You look distant."

She shook her head to clear the lustful fog, but it didn't work. "I'm fine. Just... distracted."

"I can see," he said with a naughty smile. He leaned forwards. "Tell me, Narlissa, where are you planning to sleep tonight? I heard the innkeeper tell you there were no more rooms."

"I will find somewhere. Perhaps I will make camp outside the town," she said with a shrug, then noticed his smile. "Unless you're offering me an alternative, Jost?"

"Well, I have a room with a bed I have no hope of filling all by myself. I am willing to share, if you wish."

"Just to sleep in, Jost?"

"That remains to be seen."

She grinned, pushing her empty bowl away and grabbing her pack. "Where is it?"

Jost smiled, standing up and leading her upstairs. Soon Jost had opened the door to his room. Narlissa stepped through and dropped her pack on the floor. Jost shut the door behind him and turned the key.

"So, as you can see, there's plenty of room for us both. If you'd like some privacy I can-"

His words were abruptly cut off as Narlissa kissed him. She pushed her tongue into his mouth and moaned as he returned the motion and wrapped his arms around her. They passionately made out for a minute or so, slowly making their way towards the bed when Narlissa decided she wanted to see more of him.

She started to undress him and Jost did the same to her. He groaned in delight as he removed her chest piece and her big tits spilled free. Narlissa moaned as he cupped the sensitive mounds and started to gently squeeze.

When they were both naked she grabbed his shoulders and spun him around, pushing him roughly onto the bed so that he sat on the edge. The adventurer grinned as Narlissa hurriedly dropped to her knees and took his hard cock into her mouth. She enjoyed the way his green eyes rolled back in pleasure as she took more of him between her lips.

She made sure to truly explore his dick with her tongue and fingers. It was a nice big dick and she moaned in anticipation of getting it inside her but for the moment was just enjoying the way he groaned at her work. Clearly he was enjoying himself. After a few minutes of going down on him he suddenly placed his hand on her chin and lifted her head.

"You're so good at that, Narlissa, you'll make me come," he chuckled. "And I get the impression you don't want me to come in your mouth."

"You're very insightful," she teased, climbing to her feet and kissing him. Her tongue pushed into his mouth and his own fought back lustfully.

She climbed up onto his lap when suddenly his arms wrapped around her and spun them around. She giggled in surprise and delight as she thumped down onto her back and Jost climbed on top of her. He grinned naughtily and kissed her again and then Narlissa's giggle became a long loud moan as he speared her needy pussy with his cock.

He rested there a moment and she stared into his wide green eyes. She knew her own face revealed her pleasured surprise but she didn't care. She felt her body shiver as he started to thrust into her. It did not take long until he was moving at a wonderful steady rhythm.

"You feel so perfect," he grunted, his face inches from hers.

Narlissa grinned breathlessly. "I know."

She could feel her nipples grazing his hard chest as he fucked her faster and faster. Her hands explored his back then came to rest on his thick biceps and she never broke eye contact with the gorgeous adventurer.

Soon he was fucking her hard and the entire bed rocked with his passionate thrusts. She could hear the frame creaking in protest at their lustful sex and delighted in it. She hoped they were disturbing the merchant above them with all the noise they were making.

"I'm going to come, Jost," she moaned, feeling herself cresting.

She could see from the look in his eyes that the same was true of him and seconds later she was proven right. He cried out, his eyes rolling back and she felt his cock spasm inside her cunt. She knew he was coming deep inside her and that thought set her own huge orgasm off.

When their orgasms had finally faded she pulled Jost down for a passionate kiss. He returned the motion and they settled down next to each other.

As plans for the next day played through her mind, Narlissa fell asleep.