 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, awoke to find the tavern bed empty. She rolled over and glanced around, sighing when it became obvious that Jost had already left.

It did not overly surprise her as adventurers like him often tended to make early starts and not stay in one place for too long. Still, she was disappointed. Not because she'd had any intention of travelling with him once he left the village, but because she had woken up horny like she always did and it meant that she would not get to fuck him as a great way to start the day.

She climbed from the bed and washed herself before getting dressed. Deciding against heading through the common room of the tavern where she might be seen she instead collected her things and exited nimbly through the window. Thanks to her elven heritage she was very agile and light of foot and nobody noticed her as she deftly made her way down onto the street even though it was broad daylight.

The first thing she did was buy some food, then when she was finished eating she walked casually back towards the tavern. She needed to scope it out.

Disappearing into an alleyway opposite the inn she slipped out of sight and then quickly climbed the nearest building. It was slightly taller than the others around it so she knew it would be the perfect vantage point. She was still far enough south that the buildings had flat roofs and soon she found herself on top of the building.

She crept to the side so that she could clearly see the inn and started watching. She knew she was well-concealed because she had done this a hundred times before. No one would spot her unless they were actively looking.

She scanned the outside of the inn and realised that the easiest way to make entry to the merchant's room would be to climb onto the flat roof and then drop down onto the balcony. The guards were not watching the roof and had no one stationed up there. Narlissa supposed they were not actually expecting any trouble in this small village in the middle of nowhere.

Hours passed and although most people would have found the task very boring Narlissa was of singular focus. She had not become a skilled thief by ignoring the groundwork and that meant thoroughly learning about the terrain and all the things that might go wrong with a heist. She made a note of every single detail in case it was important, for you see Narlissa was very clever. She just chose to focus that cleverness on her job rather than academically.

Slowly the day passed and afternoon came. Still she watched. She saw no sign that the merchant was preparing to leave. That was good. She needed him to spend the night at the tavern so that she could make her move. A few guards stood around his carriage in the tavern's courtyard, but most were inside. She would have to sneak in without alerting them of her presence.

Once or twice she saw the elven mage that she had seen before and that was of more concern to her than the guards. She wondered again how this merchant could have afforded his talents. He was rich, but she didn't think he was rich enough for that.

Still, the presence of the mage made her very nervous. He evidently possessed considerable power. Had it not been for her desire to get revenge on the merchant she probably would have ignored him as a target because of the risk of having to confront the mage. As it was, however, she would just have to trust her talents. And thankfully, she did. She knew she was one of the best.

Then she noticed something. A cloaked figure stopped in front of the tavern and watched it for a while before moving on. That was suspicious enough but ten minutes later they returned and did it again. Then they left but once again returned. Narlissa got the distinct impression they were scoping the place out. She could recognise another thief a mile away.

The guards were so oblivious that they did not notice the cloaked figure but Narlissa was still put on edge. It was not so much the fear that this other thief would get the spoils before her but more that if they were seen it would alert the merchant and he would be particularly vigilant tonight, meaning she could not make a move of her own.

As the afternoon went on the figure came and went a few more times. Whilst Narlissa knew this other thief would not be stupid enough to make a move during daylight it did mean Narlissa was going to have to get started earlier than she was intending to when night fell.

Suddenly there was a sound and Narlissa realised with surprise that it was the trapdoor to the building below being opened. She whirled around as it opened then dived behind a tall amphora full of wine in the corner of the roof, hiding in the long evening shadows. A figure climbed up onto the roof then laid out a rug on the floor and shut the trapdoor behind them. They sat down on the rug, pulled out some food and started to eat.

Narlissa realised with alarm that they weren't going to move. Clearly they were here for a while, probably to have their evening meal whilst watching the sun set. She had to admit it was a nice place to do so.

But now she was stuck here until they left. Whilst she was well-concealed in her current hiding place she could not leave it without being seen. If this person saw her and thought she was trying to rob them then they might alert the village watch, and that would be a disaster for her plans.

At the same time, she couldn't see the inn from where she was. She needed to find somewhere else so she could keep watching the tavern, but needed to stay put in case she was seen. She was in a tight spot.

However, Narlissa's frantic thoughts paused when she saw the figure take off their cloak. It was a man and she realised with a throb in her pussy that he was actually very handsome, with a shaved head and green eyes. He was probably about 5'11 and likely in his early-twenties. He had a neat beard that contrasted with his shaved head and he was quite muscular without being too broad.

His size looked like it came from careful exercise rather than his work and she realised from his loose white clothing that he was probably a monk. It suddenly dawned on her that the reason this building was taller than those around it was because it wasn't a private house at all - it was a dormitory for the monks of the local temple!

However, the man was not quick about eating. Narlissa grew more anxious and eventually realised that would have to leave. She could not afford to ignore the inn for so long. She reached for the magical pendant around her neck and willed it to make her invisible. She just hoped it would last.

Unfortunately things were never that easy for the beautiful half-elf. She had almost made it to the edge of the building when suddenly the monk spun round to face her and gasped.

"Who are you?" he demanded. "You are not meant to be here."

Narlissa paused, slowly turning to face him. She was mere feet away from the edge of the building and knew she could easily escape before the monk could reach her, but then he would alert the local guard about a thief and her plans would be ruined. She would have to talk her way out.

She smiled at the monk and raised her palms to show she wasn't a threat. "I am just passing across your rooftop. I mean no harm."

Narlissa cursed inwardly as soon as she said the words. For you see unfortunately Narlissa was not actually very good at talking her way out of trouble.

"Passing across our rooftop?" the monk said, then laughed pleasantly. "That is a feeble excuse."

Narlissa shrugged. "It's the best I have."

"Do you mean to rob us? My Order doesn't have anything of value."

"No."

"Then you mean to steal from somewhere else."

Narlissa said nothing for a moment. Then she sighed.

"Well, aren't you going to call the guards or something?"

"Why would I do that?" the monk grinned. "I'm not meant to be up here either, and I have no desire to give myself away to my superiors. I am Torlas, and it seems we now share a secret." He offered his hand to her.

Narlissa considered a moment. The monk seemed to be telling the truth. Perhaps she would get away with being caught after all. She shook his hand.

"I am Narlissa. It is nice to meet you, Torlas. I won't tell anyone I saw you here."

"And I never saw you either, Narlissa. Although I would regret that if it were actually true. You are quite beautiful."

Narlissa's magic cunt flared at his compliment. "I bet you say that to all the girls you find sneaking around up here, Torlas."

He grinned. "Only the pretty ones." He looked her up and down and smirked naughtily. "You know, I wish you'd passed by earlier. I would have loved to get to know you better."

Narlissa could take no more. She was much too horny and her magic cunt was practically speaking for her.

"Then get to know me right now. Here, on this rooftop."

"What exactly are you suggesting, Narlissa?"

She grinned, then started to slink towards him. "I'm just saying that we're already keeping a secret together, Torlas. Why don't we make it one that's truly worthwhile?"

Then she kissed him.

It took him a moment to respond but Narlissa was delighted when he kissed her back, groaning into her mouth. Her hands went to his robes and slipped beneath them to explore his hard, toned body. It felt wonderful beneath her fingertips. Then he grabbed his shirt and pulled it off.

Narlissa enjoyed the sight of him undressing and hurriedly started to strip from her own armour. They kissed as they did so, helping each other out of their clothes, and soon they were both naked. Torlas was truly gorgeous and Narlissa could not suppress a groan of delight at the sight of him.

Then he kissed her again, scooping her up and gently laying her on the rug he had thrown over the ground. Narlissa grinned as he started to kiss his way down her body first of all stopping to play with her sensitive nipples and then tracing his tongue lower. Soon his head was buried between her thighs.

"Oh gods," she breathed, her eyes rolling back.

Torlas ate her pussy expertly and soon had slid two fingers in side of her to increase her pleasure. Narlissa writhed and moaned as his tongue teased her clit and lips and it was only a few minutes until she was staring down at him rubbing her hips back against his face. She came a few seconds later with a whimper, trying to keep her voice down but not really succeeding.

Torlas did not seem to mind though and he wiped her juices from his chin and then climbed up her body to kiss her again. Narlissa wrapped her arms around his back as he did so and she felt him reach down with one hand to guide his cock to her soaking entrance.

She moaned into his mouth as he pushed inwards. He rested there a moment before he started to slowly thrust. She stared into his eyes with carnal glee as he did so.

For a while he just fucked her gently and Narlissa enjoyed the feel of it. Night had truly set now but it was almost a full moon so there was plenty of light. She grinned to herself when she realised this really was an illicit moonlight tryst for Torlas but he didn't seem to care. Neither did she but soon the thought was washed away by another wave of pleasure.

"Fuck me harder, Torlas," she moaned, knowing she wanted more. "Fuck me!"

He took her words to heart, his hips immediately starting to thrust more quickly. He was toned and athletic through meditation and exercise and Narlissa was delighted to find he was well capable of really pounding her. Her entire body shook with each impact of their loins and she stared at him wide-eyed as her pleasure grew. She could see his own eyes growing cloudy as the moment neared for him.

"You're going to come, aren't you?" she breathed, reaching up and pulling his face down until it was inches from her own.

He nodded, biting his lower lip.

"Then do it!" she cried desperately. "I want to feel you come inside me!"

His hips became practically a blur as they hammered into her. Narlissa could feel her pussy narrowing on his cock and knew she was seconds away. From the look in his eyes Torlas was right on the edge too. She was right.

Moments later the monk cried out and she felt his dick twitch. At the exact same time her own orgasm arrived and she arched her back as pleasure overwhelmed her. Her fingers dug into Torlas's shoulders as she clung onto his body tightly, bliss bombarding her. At the same time he kissed her hard, grunting and gasping in pleasure at his own incredible orgasm.

At last their climaxes finished and Narlissa felt Torlas slip from her pussy. He grinned breathlessly as he collapsed next to her. For a moment they just lay there naked under the stars.

After another minute or so they quickly dressed and soon Narlissa was back in her armour. Torlas looked at the stars and laughed.

"I have been out here for much longer than I intended," he chuckled. "It was only meant to be a brief escape to watch the sunset."

She smirked. "But worth it, I hope?"

"I'll put it this way, Narlissa: I'll never have a better secret to keep," he replied with a wink. Then they shared a brief kiss before he slipped back through the trapdoor into the building below.

Narlissa smiled to herself and made her way back to the edge of the building to resume her watch of the inn. The time was almost right.

She could only hope things would go as well as they had so far.