 Narlissa Quickhands, half-elf and master thief, grinned as she woke up. Memories of the previous night flashed through her mind. A night she had begun by getting her revenge on the merchant, and then finished by being bent over and fucked to screaming orgasm by an extremely handsome young man. In other words, a very good night.

And that same young man was now asleep next to her. She felt the familiar throb in her magic cunt and knew that she wanted to start this day as she'd ended the last - with Anard's cock inside her.

With that in mind she shifted and a smirk crossed her lips when she felt Anard stir at her movement. She reached out and hooked her fingers under the blankets and started to pull them down his body. He woke up as she did so.

"Morning," he murmured sleepily.

"Morning," Narlissa responded with a naughty smile as she pulled the blankets over his cock, which was half-hard already in the morning.

She leaned down, gently sucking his tip between her lips and enjoyed the way he moaned. His brown eyes went wide with pleasure as he met her own and she giggled onto his dick. For a few minutes she stayed that way, exploring his cock with her tongue and lips and she delighted in the taste of him and the way he moaned and writhed in pleasure at her work.

Soon however the ache in her pussy grew too great and she knew she wanted more. She climbed his body and kissed him whilst she threw a leg over his waist. She felt his cock pressed against her stomach and by touch alone she lifted her hips, angled him with her cunt and sank down.

She grinned as she took Anard in all the way, pressing her hips against his and enjoying the feel of him stuffing her full. Then she started to ride him, leaning down to kiss him as she bounced on his member. He pushed his tongue into her mouth and wrapped his arms around her waist.

Her eyes went wide as suddenly Anard started to thrust. His broke the kiss and grinned, quickly giving her tits a squeeze, then grabbing her ass. As his fingers sank into her hips he started to really thrust and Narlissa stared down at him with lust as her pleasure quickly grew. She could tell how close he was too from the way his eyes were wide and his body was tensing.

"I'm going to come, Narlissa," he moaned as his member hammered into her.

His warning was proven true seconds later as his eyes squeezed shut and he grunted out in ecstasy. Narlissa felt his dick twitch inside her. From the look of rapture on his face it was obvious he was coming extremely hard and moments later she joined him as a huge orgasm exploded inside her.

For a while they lay there pressed together whilst their climaxes overwhelmed them until at last their pleasure passed and Narlissa slumped down on top of Anard with a loud sigh of contentment. He grinned and she gave him a quick kiss before climbing from the amateur thief.

They ate their breakfast in pleasant and flirty conversation before Narlissa finally dressed and collected her pack. After a warning to Anard that maybe he ought to give up his dreams of adventurous thieving given how bad he was at it, she slipped from the warehouse out onto the street.

It was fairly empty at this end of town but she could see that the town itself was a hive of activity. A unit of the local county's guards were in town and were talking to the merchant who was frantically waving his arms around. Obviously one of his men had fetched them overnight.

Suddenly the merchant reached out and slapped one of the soldiers. Clearly he was very worked up about the robbery but Narlissa knew that wasn't the way to show it. She grinned as the soldier rubbed his face as if stunned at the insult, then promptly arrested the merchant.

With a delighted chuckle she threw up her hood and made her way inconspicuously back to the inn. She needed to collect Faeht. She found the inn empty of all drama as the merchant was arguing with the soldiers on the street outside. She handed a silver coin to the stablegirl who was on duty, collected Faeht's reins and then calmly rode her back out on the road past the struggling merchant.

None of them noticed her as she rode past which made Narlissa grin to herself. Soon she had ridden beyond them and turned a corner out of sight. She had to stop herself punching the air in delight.

She angled Faeht out of the town and soon found herself on the main road leading out of the settlement. Passing beyond the last of the houses she settled into her saddle as the trees grew on each side with a smattering of farmland. She did not know precisely where she would go but she knew it needed to be away from the town. Perhaps she would head back to the capital and find her old fence, Dominic. The gold she could just spend, but the ornate dagger she would need to offload somehow and he was the best person she ever knew for being able to help her in that regard.

The morning stretched out and she rode leisurely. She was in no hurry. She did not even bother leading Faeht off the road into the trees to woodwalk because she wanted to relax. As a half-elf her woodwalking talents did not come as naturally to her as they did to full elves so it was always a conscious effort to use the talent and at the moment she didn't feel like taxing herself that way.

After a while she decided to stop for a bite to eat. Leading Faeht to the side of the road she passed through the trees and came across a small glade. A stream bubbled through it and it was beautiful. She dismounted and patted Faeht on the head, letting the mare drink from the stream. Then Narlissa pulled some food from her pack and settled down to eat it, enjoying the morning and her success the night before.

Suddenly there was movement in the treeline and Narlissa stood up quickly as a figure rode into view on the back of a white stallion. She gasped when her eyes focused on the figure's face.

It was the elven mage! His long black hair was loose to his shoulders and he regarded her with his piercing blue eyes. Even as he advanced on her she couldn't help but notice how attractive he was.

Instantly her hand went to the pommel of her dagger and she reached up to grasp the pendant. However she did not think the invisibility would last long enough to fully make her escape but it might buy her some time.

"Wait," the mage said, noticing her alarm and raising his palms placatingly. "I mean you no harm."

She paused, unsure of whether to trust him. He had been in the merchant's employ - it was very unlikely that he wasn't still. Surely he had been sent to track her down?

"I am no longer beholden to that merchant," the mage continued. "Believe me, I am free. And you are to thank for that."

Narlissa relaxed slightly and cocked her head. "I am?"

The mage nodded and dismounted, leading his own horse to drink at the stream. Then he approached her. "Yes, you are. You stole the dagger, did you not?"

"The dagger?" Narlissa asked, playing dumb. She did not think it would be sensible to admit that when this could be a trap.

The mage laughed. "You do not need to be coy with me. I know you did. I can sense it on you."

Narlissa sighed, pulling out the dagger and offering it to the mage. She knew when she was caught. It would do no good trying to get into a fight with a powerful spellcaster.

"Then I suppose you are here to reclaim it."

"Not at all," the mage said, shying away. "In fact, I cannot." He met her eyes. "I am bound to that dagger. That's why I have been able to track you. It contains a piece of my soul."

Narlissa gasped. "It does?"

"Yes. That is how the merchant has been able to control me for so long. I mean, I'm not a thrall - I still have free will. But I cannot reject a direct order from the master of the dagger."

"So take it back!" Narlissa said, thrusting it towards him again handle-first.

He stepped away. "If I touch it, I die. So please, stop doing that."

Narlissa pulled the dagger back towards her at his words. "So what happens now?"

"Well, you're my master, I suppose. I am Tathal."

"Narlissa."

Narlissa struggled to take in what he was saying. She was now his master? He claimed he could not turn down a direct order and Narlissa wondered if that was exactly as it sounded. There were lots of direct orders she could think of that would be extremely useful to her.

But that was not fair or right. She hated the idea of having a master herself but also equally of being a master to someone else, especially against their will. She had to do something to help Tathal and she had to resist the urge to abuse the power of the dagger.

A moment's silence passed between them as Narlissa warred with herself before eventually she spoke again. "So how did this happen?"

Tathal sighed. "A long story. Suffice to say, I was tricked many years ago by a witch I thought loved me. She bound my soul and sold me into effective slavery. The merchant was my second master, having claimed the dagger as a debt from my original."

"What happened to the witch?"

Tathal shrugged. "I neither know, nor care. She is likely dead now."

"And is there any way to unbind you?"

"I am... unsure. Perhaps. I cannot take the dagger to study its magic myself, so I do not know. It is elven sorcery though, I am certain of that."

Narlissa considered his words. She did not want to be his master. She did not want to be anyone's master. The idea made her feel sick.

Then she remembered the elven village she had visited only a few weeks before, where she had met Aramil. That was not too far from here. Two days of riding, possibly even less.

"Tathal, I know of an wood elf village relatively close by. I would like to take you there, to see if they can help."

The mage's eyes went wide. "You would?"

"I would. I cannot imagine a worse fate than being a slave."

"Thank you, Narlissa," he said, stepping towards her and kneeling in front of her. "I am in your debt."

He bowed his head then stood up. Narlissa noticed his blue eyes rove over her body as he stood. He quickly looked away when she met his gaze.

"Tathal, if you want to check me out, you don't have to do it so secretly," she grinned. "You're a handsome man yourself."

He smiled sheepishly, evidently embarrassed. "My apologies, Narlissa. It's just that it has been a long time since I was in the company of someone as beautiful and as kind as you."

"I'm sure your lovers would object to that statement," Narlissa teased.

He glanced away. "I have not had a lover since the curse was placed upon me a decade ago."

"A decade since you last had sex?!" Narlissa blurted out, stunned. It hadn't even been five hours for her.

And with that her mind was made up. She was horny and Tathal was hot. Not only that but he was clearly well overdue a good, steamy fuck. Narlissa did not mind in the slightest being the person to finally offer him one.

"Well, let's not let that wait go on any longer, hmm?" she said sultrily, stepping towards him and peeling off her leather gloves.

The elven mage's eyes went wide. "Narlissa, are you suggesting...?"

"That we're going to have sex? Yes, Tathal, I am. But not before I've dropped to my knees and given you a blowjob worth waiting ten years for."

Then she kissed him. Tathal was so surprised it took a moment to respond but when he did there was genuine passion in his kiss. He wrapped his arms around her and pushed his tongue into her mouth.

Narlissa moaned into the kiss and immediately her fingers were loosening his robes. He did not resist as she pulled them from his body, revealing his hard chest. He was wearing pants beneath and she hooked her fingers beneath the waistband, guiding them down his legs.

He stared down at with lust and anticipation as she sank to her knees, hooking his pants over his cock, which was quickly growing hard. She moaned as it sprang free and looked up at him with a naughty glint in her eye, grasping hold of his dick.

Then she leaned forwards, enjoying his loud groan as she sucked him into her mouth. She loved the way he grew harder on her tongue until he was at full mast and then she started to slowly bob her head. She made sure the blowjob was slow and extremely luxurious. If it had truly been a decade since he had last been with a lover then she really needed to make this one special.

She giggled onto his shaft as he groaned loudly, pulling off to instead explore his sides with her tongue. She continued that way for as long as she could manage, making sure to use every trick she knew to really overwhelm him with rapture. The blowjob stretched out but eventually her horniness grew too much and she could take it no more.

She stood, kissing him and stripping out of her armour until she was naked. Tathal groaned and ran his hands over her nude body, paying particular attention to her tight ass and big tits. Then he gestured with one hand and his cloak lifted into the air and then settled onto the ground like a large blanket. Magic.

Narlissa took the hint, kissing the black-haired mage quickly before slipping down onto the blanket and spreading her legs to reveal her arousal-swollen pussy. He joined her on the blanket a heartbeat later.

He grabbed his cock and positioned himself above her, kissing her hard as he did so. Narlissa moaned as she felt his cockhead rub against her pussy and the moan because a sob of pleasure as he pushed inwards and his member sank into her cunt.

"The Gods..." he breathed, staring down at her with lustful hunger. "It's been too long. I had almost forgotten how good this feels."

"Then don't hold back," she moaned, pulling him down for a kiss. "Fuck me!"

So the elf mage started to do exactly that. He felt so good moving inside her that Narlissa could not help but sob into their kiss in pleasure. She stared into his eyes as they kissed, running her hands over his hard and sexy body. His pace was steady and she delighted in it.

Suddenly he pulled away and started to move his hips faster. He looked so good above her and she could see the lust burning in his blue eyes. She wrapped her legs around his waist and placed her hands on his cheeks as she grinned breathlessly.

Her cunt was narrowing on his cock and she could feel the pleasure boiling inside her. She was going to come soon. She started up at Tathal and could see he was close too.

Then the moment arrived. He bellowed out in pleasure and she saw his eyes roll back. He was coming extremely hard and she knew her magic cunt was to thank for that. The knowledge of how hard he was getting off was all she needed to push her over the edge and Narlissa wrapped her arms around Tathal to hold him tight as her own orgasm exploded inside her.

They rode out their climaxes for a while, pleasure overwhelming them both until at last she collapsed back onto the blanket and Tathal withdrew from her with a breathless grin.

"That was... even better than I remembered."

She grinned and stood up, starting to dress once more. Tathal did the same. After a while they were both ready and she mounted Faeht. As she guided the mare back to the main road she smiled to herself, reflecting on all that had happened. She had a purse full of gold, the merchant had got what he deserved and now on top of all of that she had two days of passionate sex with this hot mage to look forward to?

Life was good for Narlissa.

THE END