 I am grateful that you let me share your fire and food with me, the night is cold and foul things are abroad in the dark. Perhaps I can offer this short tale, one concerning the meeting of two interesting women, in return for your hospitality.




Nasarah strode through the jungle like a hunting cat, her stride long and fast, her glowing red eyes searching the underbrush and shadows for any threat. It was hot and humid, her dark skin was shiny with sweat and her long black hair lank and stringy. She wore only a woven green and blue loincloth, a rope belt supporting a pouch, and some leather bands around her wrists and upper arms. She carried a long two handed sword sloped back on her shoulder. No thorn or stone under her bare foot gave her pain or slowed her pace.

Suddenly she grinned, her lips parting slightly to show a hint of fangs, then in one quick motions turned and slashed with her blade, a flat horizontal snap that cut open the stomach of the tribesman who was leaping out at her with a stone axe raised in one hand. Blood and entrails splashed over her feet and shins as she drove her elbow back without looking, smashing the face of the second ambusher coming up behind her. As he reeled back in an explosion of blood she dropped her sword and grabbed him by the neck, snapping it almost casually before tossing the corpse aside.

The quick spasm of violence had silenced the jungle for a moment and Nasarah heard something move in the nearby brush with a muffled cry. She collected her blade and moved quietly around a tree to see a woman trying to crawl away despite her feet being bound together and her hands tied behind her back. A stick had been forced into her mouth and tied to her like a horses bit. She was nude, her pale skin scratched and filthy with dirt and her hair stiff with dried mud and leaves. Nasarah watched the woman struggle for a moment, smiling, then strode up to her.

"You'll need to move faster than that to escape the Sharinda, let me cut your bonds, girl."

The girl in question wrenched herself around, her eyes wide with alarm at those words, but as she looked up to see Nasarah standing over her she seemed to relax. With a knife from her pouch Nasarah sliced of the cords off her so the girl could sit up, pull the bit and rope off her head, and spit out blood and saliva.

"You are a mess, girl, can you walk? What's your name?"

The girl shook her head and lifted up her feet to show that they were cut and bruised. Nasarah looked around and listened, then sniffed as if testing the scents on the wind.

"We can't wait, girl, I'll have to carry you", she said, then took the girls hand and pulled her up, ducking so she could sling the girl over her shoulder, making her grunt and whimper. With her sword carried loose in one hand Nasarah moved off the trail and disappeared into the dense brush.

It was evening when Nasarah found the clearing she sought, with a clean spring and some fruit trees surrounding it, where she could lay the girl down on soft grass. The girl had passed out during the journey and Nasarah left her there while she gathered some leaves, a selection of ripe fruit, and some roots. When she got back the girl was awake and sitting in the spring washing herself off with stiff, painful movements. She looked up and smiled.

"Thank you for rescuing me, I guess you saved me from rape and worse. My name is Ariselle."

"I am Nasarah, and you were in no danger of rape."

"You think not? Why is that?"

"The Sharinda do not fuck anyone not of their tribe, it is the worse that I saved you from. You were to be served as dinner, alive, as is their custom," Nasarah said before biting into a large juicy langa fruit, the juice running down her chin.

Ariselle stared at her for a long moment before going back to washing herself, she ducked under the water and scrubbed her hair, which was revealed to be blonde and cut just above her shoulders. The cloud of dirt and leaves was carried away by the current down a small stream as she stood and walked gingerly to the bank and sat down on the grass, wringing out her hair. She was short and slim, with small and firm breasts tipped with delicate pink nipples that had hardened in the cool night air and a neat patch of blonde fuzz between her legs. Her eyes were blue and set in a pretty face with faint lines around her mouth and eyes that marked her as older than Nasarah had first though. At the moment those eyes were looking over Nasarah with frank curiousity.

Nasarah was tall, with very dark brown skin, long straight black hair, and a rather curvy form. Her hips were wide, her bottom round, and her breasts full and heavy with nipples so dark as to be almost black. She smiled as Ariselle let her gaze roam over her rescuer, then pointed to the collection of fruit, "you should eat something, Ariselle, and I need to wash," she said as she turned away and removed what little she was wearing before stepping into the spring. 

She stood hip deep in the water with her back turned, then ducked under the water and swam across the spring. She glided under the moonlit water like an eel as she turned back, rising up with water streaming from her long black hair down her shoulders and across her breasts.

Ariselle picked up a red stango and bit into it, smiling at the sweet taste, then spoke softly.

"I am in your debt, Nasarah, and I thank you," she took another bite of the fruit and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, "but would it be indelicate of me to ask why your eyes glow red here in the dark of night?"

Nasarah ducked her head under the water and rubbed her fingers through her hair, then came up again and smiled broadly, showing a mouthful of fangs.

"I am not quite human any more, Ariselle, to be blunt, I am...different."

"Will you share the tale with me?" asked the pale woman as she bit into another piece of fruit.

Nasarah stood in the hip deep water for a moment, looking up at the moon, then she looked back to Ariselle.

"My family were poor goat herders, far from here. I was a little girl when a man stole me away, and not for the reasons you are thinking, either. He used me as a vessel, and put into me the spirit of a demon, binding me to his service. I became a weapon, a girl that he could send to kill his enemies," she said as she washed, her eyes glowing quite distinctly red, "a very dangerous girl."

She continued to wash as Ariselle watched her and ate more fruit.

"One day I returned to his hidden cave, having slain my latest victim, and found that the sorcerer had died. Old age had done what his enemies could not, and I was free of his commands and will."

Ariselle nodded and simply listened.

"I...I had no idea what to do. I stayed there in that cave for a long time, months , I think, before I wandered out. I have been wandering ever since. I am thankful that my old master took the time to educate me," she said, nodding to herself.

"What do you do now?"

"I wander, and tend to avoid cities and civilization, given that I am an abomination in the eyes of many. I fight for gold, or when attacked, and try to enjoy my freedom."

Ariselle nodded as she tossed the stango pit off into the bushes and licked her fingers clean before speaking, "I have a tale, although much less exotic I assure you. I was the cook on a trading boat on the Kaloga River and we ran aground on a sand bar. Before we could float her free the tribesmen attacked, the Sharinda you called them? Many were killed and several were of us were taken, but they split us up and carried us different ways through the jungle. The rest you know."

"Where will you go? You may travel with me but my path does not go to the river, I am going to the mountains."

The blonde woman shrugged and ran her fingers through her drying hair, combing it out of her face as she spoke, "I have no idea. The boat was burned and I cannot go back there, if you will let me I will walk with you for now. Besides cooking I know the uses of many herbs and can make poultices for wounds. I can be...useful."

Nasarah nodded at this, "very well, join me on the road, but we will need to let your feet heal first, can you make something to help you heal?" Ariselle nodded as Nasarah continued, "I am more different than you might think, and I may as well show you this now as you would notice sooner rather than later."

The dark skinned woman walked out of the spring and Ariselle opened her eyes wide in surprise, for there was a long, thick cock dangling between Nasarah's legs.

"Oh my, " was all she could say as a flush rose from her pale breasts to her hair line, "oh...my."

Nasarah moved to stand over Ariselle and look down at her, her eyes glowing bright red now, her cock twitching slightly as it began to thicken and harden. Ariselle looked up and licked her lips, then slowly sat up and got to her knees, moving closer, her eyes locked on the dark cock in front of her. She looked up at Nasarah and smiled, "I'd like to show my appreciation for your timely rescue today."

With those words the blonde woman leaned in and kissed the thick shaft that hung in front of her, a hand coming up to gently grip and stroke Nasarah's shecock, drawing a low moan and a contented sigh from the dark skinned woman standing in front of her. Ariselle opened her mouth and caught the crown of Nasarah's cock in her warm wet lips, caressing that most sensitive flesh as well as licking it for a long moment as Nasarah whimpered and wiggled and gasped with delight. Slowly more of the dark cock slipped past her lips, her fingers stroking the smooth, hairless balls, then she began to bob her head in and out, sucking and licking the meat sliding in and out of her tight lips. Nasarah rested one hand on her head lightly, drawing a shuddering breath as the woman on her knees sucked and worshipped her long, thick cock, her hips beginning to move, to push more of her length past those sweet lips.

Ariselle looked up to meet Nasarah's gaze, her lips stretched around the thick meat in her mouth, a thread of drool running down her chin, taking more and more of that cock into her mouth and throat each time she sucked, until at last her nose was pressed to the standing woman's tummy and she had swallowed the full length. She held that pose for a moment and then pulled back, letting the slick, wet shaft slide out of her mouth so she could take a breath and cough, her hand still stroking her shaft, then she wrapped her lips around the crown and suckled gently, making Nasarah shiver and moan.

"Oh gods, woman, oh gods, you will take me over the edge, it has been a while, far too long," as she tangled her fingers in Ariselle's blonde hair to control her movements now, slowly fucking her mouth, "so good, oh yes this is so good."

Ariselle surrendered to Nasarah's will, letting her use her mouth, drooling down her chin and onto her breasts as she knelt in the grass as the thick meat slid in and out of her lips again and again and again. Nasarah began to pant and gasp for breath, her muscles tense, fucking the woman's mouth harder and faster until she threw back her head and cried out, erupting in Ariselle's mouth as her hips jerked and twitched, her hot and spicy seed filling her and dripping out of her lips. Nasarah pulled back, her rigid cock spraying more of her juice in Ariselle's face and hair, and tried to catch her breath as she looked down at the woman on her knees.

Ariselle looked up and grinned, wiping her fingers across her cheek to gather up some of Nasarah's seed so she could lick them clean and swallow, then lay back and spread her legs as she reached up to the dark skinned shemale. Nasarah only shook her head sadly.

"If my corrupt seed takes root in your womb we shall all regret it but you most of all, you will die. Instead, turn over onto your belly."

Ariselle looked up at Nasarah for a long moment, then slowly turned over onto her stomach, stretching her arms above her head and spreading her legs slightly. Nasarah knelt between her legs and ran her hands over the pale woman's smooth skin, caressing her legs and bottom gently for a while before bending down to lick and kiss her ass, her hands gripping her cheeks and spreading her open, exposing her little pink pucker to the moonlight. She dragged her tongue down the cleft of her bottom, licking up and down, letting her tongue pause for a moment and tease her anus before sliding away. Ariselle moaned and gasped when she felt that wet tongue probing her, then Nasarah began licking her in earnest, her long, unnaturally pointed tongue pushing at her tight ring of muscle until it slipped into her ass, stretching her open and sliding in deeper.

The little clearing was filled with gasps and moans, slurping noises, and languid sighs as Nasarah buried her face in the soft flesh of Ariselle's bottom, her tongue curling and sliding around in the woman's ass as if some sort of snake. Ariselle's hips bucked and rose as she whimpered softly, one hand now under her between her legs, her fingers stroking her pearl as she felt that long, thick tongue fucking her ass.

Finally, though, Nasarah raised her head and wiped her wet mouth and chin on the back of her hand, her red eyes glowing like beacons now as she moved up so she was straddling Ariselle's legs and her long thick cock was sliding along the cleft of her ass. Gripping her shaft in one hand she set the crown to Ariselle's sweet, slippery anus and began to press forward. Ariselle gasped and gripped the grass in her fingers as she felt the burn as her tight rear hole stretched around the head of Nasarah's shecock. She whimpered and took short gulping breaths and then squeaked as the head popped through into her ass and Nasarah sank an inch of her length into her ass with a soft moan.

Ariselle discovered that Nasarah's shecock offered ridges and bumps and she felt each and every one quite distinctly as it slowly slid into her bottom. Nasarah took her time, leaning forward to kiss and lick Ariselle's neck and shoulders as her cock pushed forward, making the pale woman moan and squirm, until at last Ariselle was fully impaled and Nasarah's hips were pressed up against her ass. She felt so full, pain and pleasure weaving together, making her moan and wiggle her hips as Nasarah pinned her down on the grass and slowly withdrew her length until only the tip was caught in her tight ring of muscle, then drove forward and began to fuck her steadily while Ariselle's fingers rubbed her pearl. She grunted each time she felt the shaft was hilted deep inside her ass, her free hand clawing at the grass.

Nasarah growled like a beast and rammed her hips down, slamming her cock deep into Ariselle again and again. She was panting with lust and moaning as she felt her shecock squeezed so tightly by the sweet little ass under her, her hips rolling as she sawed her shaft through her asshole again and again while she hissed and snarled. Her hands gripped Ariselle's shoulders and held her down as she fucked her, her mouth wide open, her fangs fully displayed and the tendons in her neck standing out like cables.

The sound of flesh slapping on flesh filled the clearing, along with the sound of grunts and moans and growls and whimpers, two bodies locked together in the moonlight. They were covered in a sheen of sweat and bits of grass and leaf, their bare skin a contrast of dark and light.

Ariselle started to buck and writhe as Nasarah fucked her, her body tense, and then she spasmed and squealed as she came, her nectar running over her fingers as she rubbed her clit and her tight ass pulsing around the thick cock thrusting into her, the muscles clamping down and then releasing. Nasarah rammed her shecock into her ass savagely, moaning and growling, until suddenly she howled and slammed her hips down and exploded, her thick seed spraying into Ariselle's bottom as she ground her hips hard into the woman under her.

For a long moment both women were panting and trying to catch their breath. Nasarah lowered herself down so she was laying on top of Ariselle, molding her lush body to the slim one under her, her large breasts compressed between them and her nipples poking Ariselle's back like chips of stone, her shecock still impaling the blonde woman. Ariselle turned her head and they kissed tenderly as they lay by the spring, content to savour the moment. Eventually Nasarah slowly withdrew her softening shaft from Ariselle and rolled to the side, spent. They lay next to each other sleeping in the moonlight, and two days later they walked off to the mountains together.



There are other tales of the travels of Nasarah and Ariselle, perhaps someone will know of them in the next inn you come to.