 Chapter 1: Corrupted Youth

Pre note: I found this in my documents when I started writing again. I had written it a while ago and never published it. I have no plans to continue working on this, short of massive approval, but I thought I'd put it up here for everyone!

This story takes place in one of those porn universes where everyone is 18 from the first day of high school until the day they graduate, and all character should be assumed to be 18 unless otherwise stated.

Disclaimer: This chapter, specifically, contains m/f, m/ff and light femdom, transformation and corruption. 

Nat awoke with a smile. As she stretched, her grin only got wider. As she pulled out a miniskirt and tube top, her smile showed her teeth. As she put on her make-up, her smile approached something that could almost be called... sinister?

Now you may be wondering, why was Nat so happy today? Well, it would ruin the story if I told you now. But the wait shouldn't be too long.

Nat looked at her body in the mirror as she left her bedroom, and her smile only got wider as she took in her perfect form. At 5'8, she looked like the Greek goddess of sluttiness, tall, naturally tan and perfectly curvy in a way that looked barely human. Her teardrop shaped tits were E cups and seemed to defy proudly, perky despite their size and lack of bra. Her ass was gorgeous, the benefits of her exotic ancestry -- the same ancestry that gave her her large, almond shape eyes.

She had always assumed that piece of her ancestry was Italian, or Spanish or something like that... but now she knew that her incredible body was the result of a very different heritage. With a wink of her bright, almost glowing, purple eyes, she strides from her room, ready for the first day of the rest of her life.

She went to the kitchen, pulling out a bowl and cereal. "Natalie!" She called, getting no response. Not that there should be one -- her younger sister was still in high school, and it was noon on a Monday, but that hadn't stopped her rebellious sister in the past. Well, at least if she wasn't at school, she wasn't at the house either.

As she sat down with her cereal, she started to plan her day. It was her day off, which gave her four hours before she had to head to campus for class. Mmm. Class. Now that will be fun...

She shook her head. Okay. That's later. For now, she needed something to occupy her time. As she chewed another spoonful of cereal thoughtfully, she heard a crash in the backyard.

"Well..." she muttered to herself. "That might be my afternoon plans now." A sinister smile still on her beautiful face, she got up to head to the back door, looking out the sliding door into the yard -- specifically, to the in ground pool, and the two high schoolers currently in the water.

She recognized them. The boy was scraggly punk -- lanky, with long black hair, snake bite piercings and a small tattoo on his upper arm, where his sleeve would hide it. In essence, the prototypical high school boy who thought himself far cooler than he was. The girl was also thin -- not even 5 feet tall, and there was no way she weighed more than 90 pounds. Her hair was normally a puffed out bleach blonde, but the water had plastered it to her head.

They were two of Natalie's friends, Chase and Emily. Local kids, the kind of trouble makers her sister always hung out with. And, to be fair, the type she hung out with in high school too. They must've expected her to be at work, and came to use the pool - even though Nat was evidently not with them.

Nat stepped back, assuring that even if the pair had the presence of mind to look at the door, they wouldn't notice her, and decided to test out her new powers. She closed her eyes, taking a breath, and sent her empathic senses, those she had only recently learned to harness, questing out, feeling the minds of the two adolescents in her pool.

Chase was pretty much what she expected. The kid had the moral backbone of a snail, a self-obsessed ass convinced he was the hottest shit to grace the world. He would be easy enough, though that personality would have to get broken.

Emily was different than she expected. The girl was inexperienced, a virgin in fact, who had never done anything harder than weed, and even that only a couple times. She was just keeping up the mask she thought was necessary to be "cool," whatever that meant in modern high schools. She would be a little more difficult -- but the glow of a crush, directed at the boy splashing around, should be enough.

She took another depth, shaping her questing empathic link like a hand, and began changing things. Chase was easy, no heavy work required. She just stroked his hormones like his cock, getting him riled up, progressively robbing his already slow mind of thoughts besides how good a pussy would feel on his cock.

In the pool, Chase suddenly felt himself harden like a rock. His ever present cocky smirk became...hungrier, as he eyed the small girl across he pool from him. His hand flashed out, stronger than it looked, and grabbed her wrist. "Emily... come here..." He growled at the nervous girl.

The scene girls face suddenly turned hot red, and she tried to pull out of his grip. "I... I think we should go Chase, Nat's sister might be home soon..."

Nat giggled to herself at that. Oh yeah. Natalie's big bad sister could be home any time. She reached out again, this time into Emily's mind. The more innocent girl would be harder to turn, but Chase's ministrations would definitely help -- she just needed the petite blonde to let him have his way. She stroked Emily's lust the same way she had Chase's, but also tried some more complex influences. She channeled the heat of the girl's lust towards the crush she had on the rakish punk currently molesting her.

Back in the pool, Chase had pressed his lips against her small mouth, but the girl, anxious in the extreme, was not returning the kiss with any heat -- until Nat's changes hit her. Suddenly, the small girl was pushing against Chase instead of pulling away, her mouth opening to accept the taller boys tongue. Why was I trying to fight this... I've always wanted to do this with him... Emily though dreamily, the haze of unnatural lust settling over her mind.

Nat smiled, satisfied. That should do the trick. She adjusted her top and promptly strode out to the pool deck. "What's up kids?" She shouted cheerily, not even pretending to be surprised or outraged at their presence.

Immediately, Chase jumped back, almost dropping the little girl panting in his arms, who didn't even seem to have noticed Nat's arrival, nuzzling and kissing the boys chest rather than looking at her. "OH shit! Uh, Nat, this isn't what it looks like, we were just --"

Nat cut him off, "You were just skipping school to come fuck your little girlfriend in my pool while you thought I was at work." She arched an eyebrow. "And you didn't even have the decency to invite my sister to the fun!"

Chase stuttered more, clearly not knowing how to respond. However he had expected this conversation to happen, this was not it. Nat rolled her eyes at the confounded teen, and the horny nymph currently sucking on his neck. "I'm not mad you idiot. I'm horny, and I know you always wanted a chance with Nat's hot ass sister, so get the fuck up here." She ordered, sliding her skirt off to reveal her lack of panties.

As the teen desperately tried to get out of the pool as quickly as possible, he dislodged Emily, sending the lust drunk girl into the pool, snuffing out Nat's influence in her brain and clearing the lustful fog away. When she came up, she was shrieking, "Chase what the fuck!" She turned to glare at the punk -- and found herself facing Nat just as she shucked her tube top. The blondes face promptly turned a shade of red normally reserved for fire trucks and stop signs. "Oh, um, Nat, hi, we were... uh... I mean..."

Nat smiled at the girl's babbling, which suddenly cut off as Chase reached the older girl -- who promptly pulled him in for a long, deep kiss. Chase's tongue brushed against her lips, but she quickly took control, her own tongue lashing out and wrapping around the cocky teen's as she once more stroked his lust, enflaming it even more. After a few moments, she broke the kiss, leaving Chase gasping for breath from the most intense kiss he'd ever had.

As he boy tried to catch his breath, Nat turned to Emily again. "Your turn..." she called to the girl, her magic lacing her words and beginning to return the shroud of need to the girl's brain. Emily found herself drifting towards the woman almost without thinking about it.

This time, Nat's kiss was tenderer, slower -- serving as counterpoint to the desperate young girl's desire, the shallowness of it only driving the girl wilder, as she pushed herself against Nat, trying to deepen the kiss -- until Nat suddenly returned the fervor, her tongue invading the petite teen's mouth. After a few long second, she broke the kiss, leaving Emily collapsed against her, nestling her head in her tits.

Nat wrapped her arms around the girl, holding her tight as the girl began to suck on a nearby nipples, drawing a sudden moan from the older woman. "Oh Chaaaase..." Nat called, looking at the horny boy, who was absently stroking himself as he watched the lesbian action in front of him. Huh. Nat thought to herself. Kid's a bit more hung than I imagined. The punk teen's cock stood easily at 8 inches -- enough that he must be quite popular with the high school girls, even if it was far too small for Nat's... enhanced tastes.

"Oh stop that!" she commanded the teen, who immediately removed his hand from his cock, his natural rebellion buried under impossible lust and Nat's natural dominance. Nat reached down, digging her nails into Emily's tight ass cheeks, drawing a squeak from the girl, who redoubled her sucking. "You've been wanting this sweet little thing for a while right. Well... her ass is all yours." Nat told the boy.

Emily stiffened at the words. I don't want that... I don't want Chase's big cock in my ass... splitting my little butt open... pounding his girth into me... Without noticing, Emily resumed her sucking, reveling in the taste and feel of Nat's tits, before the woman pulled her into a long kiss, obliterating any thoughts of resistance even as Chase's impressive member began to steadily push into her back door.

Emily's eyes popped open and she tried to pull away as the pain of Chase's dry cock entering her ass tore through the cloud of lust Nat had put in her mind. "N-no! N-" Suddenly her mouth stopped moving, her entire body going still as Nat's influence reached into her head again. Damn, she's stronger than I thought... Nat mused, attempting to return her erotic fog to the teen's mind. Just a little more... Nat was struck as inspiration and dipped her finger down, slipping one into her cunt. "Bottom out. Now." Nat commanded Chase, who promptly pounded the remainder of his cock into the teen's tight ass even as Nat shoved her juice covered finger into Emily's mouth. Instinctively, the young blonde swallowed, Nat's pussy juice entering her system. Perfect. Nat thought, smiling, as the combination of her juices and Chase's cock finally broke the girl. "Resume." She told Chase.

The boy happily began pounding Emily's tight ass, stuffing her over and over with his cock. Unlike the once pure girl, Chase's already dirty brain barely second guessed anything going on, just assuming he was the luckiest person in the world. Meanwhile, the subject of his pounding could no longer try to fight Nat's insidious influence, and was moaning happily at the painful pleasure filling her as her ass was fucked for the first time.

Nat grinned evilly at how easy it was to break the two teenagers. Only one thing left to do... the woman focused, and sent a spike of pure lust into the two - just short of enough to make them cum. For the next several minutes, Nat played the two bucking teenagers like a piano, controlling their lusts perfectly, preventing them from finally culminating, from finally cumming. As Chase's thrusts picked up speed and Emma's moans rose in pitch, Nat finally shouted, "Pledge yourself!" Her voice came out tinged with magic. "Pledge yourself to me and you can feel that good forever!"

The two horny teens responded before they could even consider what their friend's older sister could be implying.

"Fine!" Chase groaned.

"Pleeeease!" Emily screamed.

Even as they cried out, Nat felt their minds fully open to her influence, all their hopes, dreams, and desires open to her control. Immediately, the two came, both screaming as Chase flooded Emily's guts with his last human load.

"Perfect."

An hour later, Nat looked over her two new toys.

The two figures in front of her barely looked like the teenagers who had willingly given their souls to her a few hours before. They were nearly identical, pale, slim, androgynous and perfect. The only way to tell them apart was their shoulder length hair -- one's was blonde, the other's was brunette. Well, that and the thick, foot long cock hanging between one's legs.

"Alpha. Beta. Awaken." At her words, the two beings that had once been Emily and Chase opened their eyes, perfectly matching crimson orbs. "Pleasure me." Nat commanded.

The two moved immediately, Alpha latching onto her tits, its long tongue swirling over Nat's nipples in turn, its mouth moving perfectly to match Nat's desire, as Beta buried its thick cock into Nat's clenching, elastic, cunt.

Nat leaned back, enjoying the product of her efforts, as the two thralls that were once rebellious teens fucked her, no trace of thought or emotion or what had once made them human evident. The dream was been right... she thought, feeling the souls of Emily and Chase swirling inside her, ready to enhance the demonic powers her forebear had awoken in her the previous night.

Now what?