 The footage was grainy and pixilated at times, evidence that there had been a high amount of electromagnetic interference in the air, and the segments being shown had been edited together for relevance. Most of it came from the security cameras posted around the building, especially in the hallways and cafeteria, but some came from cell-phones and the storefront windows of local businesses. One hidden camera had been found during the investigation, set up in the girl's locker-room, probably by some pervert, and although the footage was technically inadmissible in court it gave plenty of important evidence for what happened that day at Happy Valley High School. 

The footage showed a typical America high school going about a typical day. Finals were just around the corner so many of the students were studying in the library and in some in open classrooms, but a pack of perky cheerleaders practicing drills in the flirty little skirts seemed to pop up more than once. The hidden camera in the locker room had caught the girls' varsity track and field team showering after an intense practice, their young naked bodies on perfect display. 

One security camera placed in the theatre's backstage happened to record an attractive older woman who could have been the school's drama teacher being thoroughly fucked up the ass by a muscular young football player, her large milky breasts slapping back and forth with every powerful thrust. Although the footage was grainy her wedding ring was visible on her hand as she finished the stud off with a handjob, jacking his load all over her heaving chest. Footage recovered from a student's cell-phone recorded a few seconds of a blowjob taking place in a dirty bathroom stall. The footage was from the lucky young man's phone, who was sitting on the toilet as a cute little 18 year old girl with short brown hair eagerly but clumsily choked on his impressive rod, her big green eyes looking up with a desperate need for approval. There was also footage of a nerdy boy being beaten up in the alleyway behind the school's main building, by a trio of girls no less, all of them with non-regulation hairstyles and modified uniforms to show off their tattoos and piercings. 

All in all, a typical day at Happy Valley High.

But then the footage took a dark, horrific, but not entirely unexpected turn. Unnatural, fantastic shapes began to wonder in the hallways, and started to accumulate into he crowded library and cafeteria. Some of them were erotic and beautiful, but in an almost disturbingly exaggerated way. Their bodies were like human bodies but impossible balanced between slender and busty, like a Barbie doll, and they were clothed in usually revealing attire evocative of medieval armor and lingerie, their hairstyles wild but structural. Most prominent of all was their ears, which were long, pointed, and elfish. 

The other shapes were the exact opposite of the disgustingly lovely elves. There were bulky and discolored, mountains of malformed muscled strapped down with rotten leather and animal hides. They were like ogres, the kind found in fantasy books.

It only took a few moments for the students to begin noticing what was going on. The library and cafeteria were filled with awkward laughter and some visible sneers at first. Maybe the Live Action Role Playing Club was performing some kind of nerdy stunt, but those dorks didn't have access to such realistic costumes, and where would they got so many gorgeous models to pose as elves in those embarrassing costumes. A teacher is wagging her finger at one of the nearly naked elves. A group of cheerleaders are laughing at one of the ogres, prodding him with their little fingers, even dancing in front of him teasingly, shaking their tight little asses like they did for their boyfriends. Something happens off-screen that begins the chaos, and the students begin to run in all directions, madly tripping over one another in their rush to escape. 

They are picked off one by one. The provocative bodies of the elves snap out with long kicks and grappling holds. The colossal fists of the ogres clutch and pry, tearing clothing from the bodies of the soon to graduate seniors. There is no blood or carnage, that's not what the monsters came for. There is nudity though, and mounting, and rape. 

The cheerleaders are being massacred by implacable beasts with large, strong hands and even larger, thicker cocks. There little skirts and tight, revealing tops offer them no protection, and soon the shrieking sluts are left in tatters as they are bent into humiliating and painful positions, their inexperienced bodies pushed to their physical limits by foot-long phallus that plunge deep, hard, and mercilessly into the soft, pliable, pink flesh. One of the ogres is holding a cheerleader by her hair, bouncing her up and down the full length of his meat-pole like a sex-toy he is trying to break. 

The showering young ladies of the track and field team are not doing any better. Through the steamy fog of the locker room, the pervert's hidden camera shows a tall, slender blonde athlete being bent over a bench as a monstrous brute takes her from behind. She is crying and screaming, but the tinge of lust on her face and in her voice in undeniable. Against the tiled wall a flat-chested tomboy his being fucked for the first time, and the ogre fucking her is thrusting so hard that the wall behind her is cracking. 

The drama teacher and her young stud have new partners now. Both of them have been pinned to the floor by buxom, curvaceous elves, who are slapping their pussies against the athlete's hard prick, and the teacher's pretty face. The elves are already cumming and they are cumming explosively, but this won't be the end for their victims. A line of these strange elves goes out the door, all of them eagerly fidgeting and shamelessly stroking their dripping pussies, impatiently waiting their turn. 

More footage from the cell-phone in the bathroom stall. The lucky stud who had been getting the blowjob is now filming in horror as his petite girlfriend is plucked off the ground by a mountainous ogre, and she is promptly impaled on his impossible thick shaft. Even though she is wearing a baggy sweater there is a visible bulge in her stomach as the ogre's cockhead punches her bellybutton from the inside. She screams and cries and the ogre begins to move her body up and down, but with several gut-busting strokes her large green eyes are wide-open with a look of intense sexual arousal, and she his gasping for more like a horny, suicidal nymphomaniac. The camera flickers down to show that one of the elves has happily attached her puckered mouth to the boy's cum-covered cock, and is sucking it dry. 

The footage goes on for a while longer, but it only shows the same thing. Rape, fucking, and lots and lots of cum.

#####

"All is all, some thirty-nine students and eighteen faculty members were raped in the Prin attack," a woman with a pretty Irish accent explained. "Although there were no fatalities, twenty students remain hospitalized from extreme exhaustion and A-4-D-C-AK saturation. You'll recognize that substance; it is the artificial aphrodisiac and steroid used in Prin construction that simulates sexual fluids. In some varieties A-4-D-C-AK can be lethal in high quantities, but luckily these Prins seemed to have been manufactured from an older Bio-printer, so although the substance may not be deadly it is still an extremely potent stimulant. This little girl had over a gallon of it in her body when she was rescued by UNABU response units. She'll live, but it'll be weeks before she's able to move without triggering a series of violent orgasms."

A live-feed came on screen of the little cutie from the bathroom footage, the one who had been performing her very first blow job on the lucky boy in the stall. She was lying naked in her hospital bed, her small nipples totally erect, and her firm little breasts quivering with labored breathes. She was sweating profusely and sobbing pathetically, writhing against the damp mattress she had been restrained to. A nurse tried to console the girl with a gentle touch, but even that small physical sensation was enough make the spunky teen suddenly and dramatically climax. She began to wail and hump the air, and her hairless little peach erupted with a gushing spray of sweet cum all over the nurse's face. 

"Poor little slut," the Irish woman said, stepping in front of the holographic screen, briefly illuminating her buxom body in blue electric light. She wore a tight, formfitting skirt-suit that melted around her jutting, full breasts and hour-glass figure, and the open lapels of her jacket revealed a gigantic valley of milky white cleavage, perfectly smooth and so perky that her tits giggled slightly when she walked. She had a pretty freckled face with bright green eyes and a head of curly read hair, but she had a constant bitchy expression that twisted her plump lips in an angry frown. This woman was Caitlin Callahan, the Executive Officer for one of the United Nations Anti Biological Unit's most premiere squads, whom she was debriefing at this moment.

The squad was made up of four women. Penny Andrews, 20 year old American. Intelligent and tech-savvy, she was a cute as a button and as secretly perverted as a 14 year old boy. She had spent the entirety of the video trying her hardest not to masturbate, but one of her hands had found its way into her crotch, and she was anxiously pressing against it like she was trying to drown a kitten. There was Natasha Tsarina, a beautiful and mysterious Russian sniper whose long blonde hair hid a cybernetic eye and a terrible scar on one side of her face, but her skintight cat-suit could not even hid how erect her nipples and clit were. There was Fatima Oshondo, an African woman of Amazonian beauty and build, whose powerfully built body was like a tigress mixed with a bull, capable of blindingly graceful agility and bone-crushing force. The bullet-proof vest she wore had to be custom made to accommodate her epic bosom that could easily smother most men. 

In front was the squad's leader, Natalie Jenner, sitting in little more than a tight black tank-top and a tight pair of elastic thong panties. She had been summoned from the gym for this debriefing and hadn't had time to change, so her body still glistening with a sparkling layer of perspiration, and her tank top melted around her firm breasts like a layer of melted chocolate. Her naturally brunette hair was streaked with red and blue, and her severe, solemn expression could not hide her natural loveliness. In another life Nat could have been a star cheerleader, or a supermodel, or even an actress, but life had not been so kind to her, and now she was a soldier. Normally a cool, reserved girl, Nat wasn't shy about being half-naked in front of these women. She trusted her squad-mates with her life, Natasha was her on-again-off-again lesbian lover, and she despised Caitlin Callahan enough that she didn't care what she wore in front of the Irish bitch. 

Callahan was the office whore, the company cum-dumpster, and Nat had lost count of the number of times she had walked into her XO's office to find the Irish cock-cushion getting her freckled brains fucked out by whatever hot stud caught her eye that morning. Nat was not a prude by any extant, she loved finding a hot guy to play with as any warm-blooded woman did, but Nat had standards, and she didn't fuck on the first date. Caitlin got a load of hot cum dropped on her face more times in a week than Nat would have dates in a year. Worse than her sluttiness however, was the nepotism. Nat didn't respect anyone who hired their relatives, and Caitlin Callahan had just gotten her 18 year old daughter Siobhan a position at UNABU right out of high school. Nat had to admit that the petite redhead had some talents though. Siobhan was a star acrobat and a black-belt in several martial art forms, but she was an even bigger slut than her mother was. The ninety pound Irish jailbait teeny-weeny-teen hadn't been at UNABU for more than two weeks and already Nat had overheard twenty different men gossiping about fucking her. The wee little cock-sucker had fucked so many guys so quickly that no one was even sure who she had fucked first. There was a rumor going around that the reason Siobhan was smiling so brightly in the photo for her security pass is because she had the sexy Asian secretary eating her pussy out while the picture was being taken. 

Siobhan decided what skirts to buy based on how quickly she could peel them off, and what bras to purchase based on how quickly she could unclasp them. Siobhan had created a small spectacle in the office when she loaded her locker with her personal affects, because whereas most people put up pictures of their families and stocked a bagged lunch, Siobhan put up a nude picture of herself she took during Spring Break, and loaded her locker up with condoms and several changes of thong underwear. 

Nat hated her.

"I don't recognize these Prin models," Nat said, trying to keep her mind on the mission and not on how much she loathed the Callahan clan of cock-sucking, cum-licking cunts. "Normally whoever illegally uses a Bio-printer to create Prins models them after something popular, like a girl-band, or a famous pornstar, or some stupid character from an Anime, but I've never seen these characters before."

Callahan nodded and leaned into the screen a little, analyzing the image. The short hem of her miniskirt rode up the juicy mound of her bubble buttocks enough to flash Nat the briefest glimpse of her thong-clad vagina. "Me neither. They're definitely supposed to be elves and monsters of some sort, but they're not the ones from those Lord of The Rings movies, or Magic the Gathering, or Warcraft."

"I . . . I recognize them," Penny said, shyly brushing some brunette bangs out of her eyes. "They're from . . . they're from a . . . (mumble muble)."

"A what?" Callhan asked, completely indifferent to the fact that Penny was embarrassed.

"They're from a hentai," Penny squeaked.

"A what?" Fatima asked.

"A vut?" Natasha asked.

"What the fuck is a 'hentai?'" Callahan asked.

"Oh God," Nat groaned slapping her face into the palm of her hands. She knew what hentai was. She had watched hentai. She had even watched a hentai once with Penny, and the two of them had awkwardly masturbated together, but she was too embarrassed to admit it. Poor Penny was going to have to do it. 

"Hentai is like . . . a porno . . . but a cartoon. Usually from Japan." Penny was blushing so much her cute face was pink and her eyes were hidden behind a veil of bangs. 

Fatima and Natasha looked a little embarrassed for Penny, but Callahan just snorted and sneered. "What a stupid fucking thing is that? Cartoon porn? Like, what? Micky Mouse and Betty Boop fucking? It's not even real porn? Jesus Christ, that's pathetic."

"Says the whore," Nat whispered. 

"What was that, Master Sergeant Jenner?" Callahan asked, hands on her hips and standing wide, thrusting out her massive tits in an instinctual posture of feminine dominance.

For a moment Nat considered telling the freckled STD-bank what she really thought of her, but she held herself back. As decorated and respected as Nat was, Callahan was still her XO, and she was sucking the right cocks on all the right people. There was no doubt in Nat's mind that Callahan could have Nat demoted for insubordination.

"Nothing . . . Ma'am," Nat finally said, biting her lip as she surrendered. 

"That's what I thought . . . bitch," Callahan smiled. "Now Private Penny, please continue. Maybe knowing something about these Prins origins will tell us something about their programming." 

"Well . . . um," Penny mumbled. "I mostly just watched it for the sex scenes, but from what I remember the elves and their queen were created by the god Loki as concubines, so they are all naturally submissive to him. The ogres in the story found a way to reproduce Loki's pheromones, and they used that power to seduce the elves. There is a lot more involved in the story than that, but I don't remember all of it."

Callahan's eyebrow shot up as if she finally realized something, or found a missing puzzle piece. "Penny, look at this photo," she said, bringing onto the holographic display an image of a handsome young man. "This is Lucas Kyle, the star soccer player for Happy Valley High."

"He's kinda cute," Fatima admitted, although she usually took her men like she took her coffee: black.

"I vood vuck him," Natasha smiled through her thick Russian accent.

"Mmm. Yeah," Nat admitted also. Lucas was probably five years younger than her, but he had that all-American, boy-next-door type of charm that she always liked. Sandy-blonde hair that hung a little long, big bright smile, and sparkling blue eyes, not to mention a sexy athletic physique. Lucas was the kind of boy Nat would have crushed on had she gone to an American high school. 

"Holy Shit!" Penny exclaimed. "He looks just like Loki from the hentai!"

"What?" Callahan asked. "Really?"

"Yeah!" Penny said. "I should know. I always wait for the scene where he fucks the Elf Queen before I let myself cum." Penny said that too quickly to stop herself.

"That explains it!" Callahan yelled, slamming her fist against the desk, causing her milky breasts to quiver inside her tight jacket. "Of all the students who were raped at the Happy Valley incident, Lucas is the only one who was actually kidnapped by the Prins. He's been missing since the attack."

Nat caught on. "You think he's responsible?"

"Sure," Callahan said. "What horny teenage boy wouldn't want an army of sex-slave elves or whatever the fuck these things are? He probably figured they would be loyal to him because they're programmed to be loyal to Loki, but he lost control of them."

Nat groaned. She wasn't sure. From the looks of him Lucas would have had no trouble getting his fair share of young pussy around his school. His eyes alone made Nat's panties want to drop. 

"In any case," Callahan continued, "UANBU High Command have ordered us to neutralizing the threat and rescue Lucas Kyle. Satellite coverage has shown the Prin mob as retreated to an abandoned steel mill outside of Happy Valley. The facility is rather large and the area is densely forested, not to mention there are at least 300 Prins in the mob."

"Jesus," Nat gasped. "We'd need a fucking army to take on that many Prins."

"No," Callahan said. "From what we can tell from the electromagnetism that surrounds the mob, they have a Hive-Queen, a single high-functioning Prin that keeps the others operational. If you can identify and neutralize that Prin, we can eliminate the entire mob. For that reason, I'm only sending in a small two-woman team. Stealth is the keyword here."

"Alright," Nat actually agreed. It wasn't a bad plan actually, considering what was at stake. "Natasha and I will do it. We work best together. I'll identify the Prin Queen, and she'll cap it with a sniper-shot."

"No," Callahan shook her head. "I'm teaming you up with someone else. Someone new to the squad."

"Who?" Nat asked, shocked that someone would be assigned to the squad without her permission.

The door to the debriefing room opened and Nat turned her head. Her pretty eyes went wide and her jaw dropped. Into the room bounced a frisky little 18 year old girl who couldn't have weighed more than ninety pounds even when she was soaked with cum. Her hair was red and short, stylishly trimmed into a cute, messy bob. Her eyes were green and gigantic, sparkling with a level of hyperactive perkiness that made Nat feel sick. She didn't have very large breasts, but proportioned to her petite body they stood out tremendously, and her butt popped out like a scrumptious little bubble begging to be popped by a fat dick. The suit she wore was skimpy even compared to Caitlin Callahan's, with a salmon pink jacket that was left open enough to reveal she wore nothing underneath but a lacey pink bra, and a miniskirt that was practically a belt. This obnoxiously cute little leprechaun-bitch practically skipped into the room. By comparison, Penny was a mature adult. 
