 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story of over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*****

Imagine a small cottage in the rolling green hills of Cumbria in the north of England. A small town which is postcard perfect when the sun is shining. This is a town where almost everybody knows each other and everybody knows each others business. I will mention that almost all of the inhabitants look like they stepped straight off the catwalk. Seriously, we are the epitome of physical perfection. But for all the tourists that pass through our village nobody knows the hidden secret of our town.

We're all witches.

I don't mean witches in the sense that we have pointy hats and ride broomsticks and all have black cats. No. I mean we are witches in the sense that we can work magic. We can make things move around and change, we can cast illusions and we can even improve and change the way that we look. Some of these spells are temporary and some of them are permanent.

My name is Sarah and to paint you an image I have wavy, glossy brown hair to the middle of my back, I'm roughly 5 foot 6 and have a delightfully voluptuous figure. I think the magazines would say I have an hourglass figure, almost impossibly curvy. High, firm round breasts with perfect pink nipples, a tiny waist with a taught, flat belly and full hips with an ass like a peach you just want to spank. Like most witches I have green eyes, pearlescent white teeth and an enchanting laugh (no pun intended).

But I didn't always look this way; the elders in my village taught me the spells necessary to change my body and enhance my looks to get what I want in this world and to get what they needed for our town.

I remember the night I cast my spells to get the goddess-like body I always wanted and dreamed of. It was my 21st birthday; it was time for me to become the woman I was always meant to be. It was dark and raining and I had to travel to the top of Pendle hill, the perfect place for my spells.

I stood there at the top; naked and chanting and willing the storm to strike me with lightening. I need the energy to make the changes to my body perfect and permanent. When it happened it was like a shock of energy, like a huge hard cock in my cunt. I cried out and my pussy spasmed in an orgasm so intense it rendered me unconscious.

When I woke up it was daylight. I walked down Pendle hill drawing the knowing, understanding looks of my townsfolk. I staggered into my home exhausted but exhilarated and I stood in front of the full length mirror I bought specifically for this day. I was shocked and utterly ecstatic that all my hard work had paid off. Now I had the perfect body, I had my spells and I knew I was ready for what came next.

You see being witches all of our children are female. Which means that we need to go out hunting for our men. The bonus is that we don't need our men to necessarily be physically attractive because we have the power to change them to suit our tastes. That being said it is easier to make smaller changes; my mother tells me it is best to find somebody who needs changing only a little rather than someone who needs changing a lot.

I moved out of our little town in Cumbria and travelled all the way south to the city of London to find myself the perfect man. Or rather to find myself a man with the perfect personality!

I was on the train on the way down to London from our nearest station of Penrith. I'd chosen a pretty bad time of day for it because the train was packed, standing room only. As I got onto the train I found myself crowded up against the corner of the train carriage with a young man in his early twenties packed tight against my lithe body.

I decided to have my fun; I whispered a spell to find out some things about my mystery train companion. It was spell of seeing, of knowing and it told me that he was single, recently out of a pretty sad relationship. His ex manipulated him into losing a lot of friends and to top it off she hardly ever had sex with him. Poor guy.

What I was planning would certainly brighten his day.

My second spell was a spell of arousal; helped along of course by my round ass brushing against his groin 'accidentally'. I felt his member begin to stiffen in his pants. I heard his breathing get deeper and I felt his thoughts shouting in my head.

"Holy hell, did that girl just brush her ass against my cock? Fuck she is hot! Fuck I'm getting hard, but I'm public!"

My third spell was a lessening of inhibitions; it helped people to give into their innermost desires. The desires that we usually get trained out of us by the culture we grew up in. At this point, my mystery train companion was ready for me.

I turned around slowly and looked at him with my mesmerising green eyes and brought my hands to his pants and began to massage his cock. He looked at me with undisguised lust.

"Let me help you" I whispered as I slowly unzipped his pants and fished out his cock.

I slowly began to move my hands over his shaft and tip and massaged him to get his cock up to it's full length. He kept his back to the rest of the train as I continued applying myself to the skill of wanking a mans dick. Unfortunately, he was not a very well endowed man, only 3 or 4 inches at full mast. Fortunately for him he had bumped into the right person to help him out of this predicament.

I muttered my final spell to permanently grow his little man into a big man; by the time I was finished I felt amazement radiating from him in waves and once again his thoughts forced their way into my mind.

"Fuck why is my cock so big? This woman is incredible. A hand job has never felt so good before in my life..."

I jerked his newly engorged penis in earnest now, I knew we were nearly at his stop even if he had lost all sense of spatial awareness. I ran my silky soft hands over his hard ridges and cupped his weighty balls with my other. All the while I was looking up at him like a demure goddess demanding her sacrifice.

His scrotum tightened and I felt his cock begin to throb. I cupped my hand at the head of his dick and kept pumping. He tried so hard to be quiet but a low moan escaped him as his pent up orgasm burst and his semen sprang forth like a fire hydrant from his magically enlarged member.

I managed to catch most of it but some splattered down on to the floor and wall of the train carriage. Oh well, hopefully no one noticed! His body was shaking slightly with the force of his orgasm.

I brought my newly collected prize up to my mouth and swallowed the lot. Orgasmic fluids are ingested by witches to increase their spell casting powers and this was a potent orgasm; possibly the best he had ever experienced so I knew I had to get it in me to harvest it's magic.

I tucked his softening cock back into his pants and zipped it back up for him just as the train pulled into his station. I turned him around and gave him a small push to the doors. He shook his head and seemed to come to his senses before stepping off the train.

There, a man's cock improved along with his sense of being able to get an attractive girl. Despite my sense of accomplishment I was still a bit disappointed that my pussy didn't get to sample my first magically enhanced cock.

A few weeks after my sneaky jerk work on the train I had found a flat for an outrageously low price (I wonder how I made that happen?) near Camden Town. It was a cute little building with a park on one side and a row of cafes and market stalls on the other.

I was sat in one the nearby cafes enjoying a coffee and reading over one of my spell books thinking about my next move to find and create my perfect man when my downstairs neighbour sat at the table next to me.

I looked over at my neighbour like a regular girl checking a guy out. He was probably just above average height with dark hair which he kept fairly short. He was wearing glasses which, coupled with his strong jaw line and piercing blue eyes made him look like an adorable nerd. He was dressed in a casual button up shirt and jeans and had a slim, almost athletic physique.

I began muttering my spells to find out more about this surprising find. It turns out he was also single but had been so for a while. He worked in IT as a consultant and had a surprising amount of porn on his PC for someone who considered his laptop one of his most precious possessions.

He looked up at me and saw me gazing at him and his cheeks coloured a little so I took pity on the man and initiated the conversation.

"Hi, I think we live in the same building just across the road." I began

He looked a little surprised that I had randomly introduced myself so I quickly began to explain myself.

"My name's Sarah. I just moved to London looking for work and a fresh start and haven't managed to meet anyone yet." I explained.

He relaxed a little and introduced himself as Jason and it turns out he had moved into London just a few weeks ago as well. After a while we had moved onto the same table and we ordered another coffee each as we began to get to know one another.

Jason looked away out and the window and exclaimed "holy shit Sarah, it's getting dark already. Look, I'm really enjoying spending time with you. Do you want to come upstairs to mine and let me cook you dinner?"

Once again I felt the desire emanating from his mind. I subtly whispered a short spell to get the details and I heard his voice softly in my head.

"That was smooth Jason, this girl is fucking hot. Look at those breasts, I hope they're just as big when I get her bra off later. God I hope I get to see them and I hope that she enjoys boob stuff."

So it turns out Jason was a tit - guy; now I really had something to work with. 

I gracefully accepted his invitation to dinner and we walked arm in arm out of the café and up to Jason's apartment. Once we were there I made my excuses and slipped into the bathroom to prepare a few helpful spells.

I looked at my reflection in the mirror and cast the perfect make - up spell, I love this spell. It coats my face with the perfect layer of make - up, not too heavy, not too light and accentuates all of my best features. Secondly, I cast a temporary spell to enlarge my breasts from a moderate C cup to a D cup. Finally, I performed a stranger spell to make the skin between the valley of my tits incredibly soft and supple.

I fixed my clothes and sauntered back through to the kitchen and found Jason chopping and peeling vegetables ready for dinner. When he saw me his mouth quite literally dropped open.

"Did you change your make - up? You look incredible!"

He shook his head and seemed to realise what he'd said to the woman he'd just met.

"Sarah, sorry, I know we just met but you really took me by surprise!"

I walked over to him and pressed my chest to his to make him feel the soft weight of my tits. I looked up in his eyes and began to whisper to him.

"I'm so glad you invited me up here Jason. I've been thinking about how I could make this happen."

He stared at me blankly, clearly he hadn't quite gotten the message yet.

"Do you like my big, soft tits Jason? I saw you looking at them. It turns me on to know that guys find them attractive."

I rubbed my hand up my hips and over my tits and weighed them up and down in my hands to emphasize my point. I took his hands and rubbed them up and onto my tits. By now he started to get the message and began to kiss my neck and squeeze my tits. I wasn't ready to surrender control yet so I led him by the hand to a chair at the kitchen table.

He sat down and I straddled him and stripped off my t-shirt revealing my red, lacy bra and I pushed his face into the generous valley of tits. By now he was breathing heavily and holding me up by my firm ass.

When he came up for air I got off him and reached behind me to take off my bra. I could see his jeans visibly tenting over his rock hard erection. I wouldn't need to be casting any spells regarding the length of this guys cock, that bulge was huge!

"Take off your jeans and boxers and let me see that cock."

He scrambled to comply and his member sprang free of it's denim prison. It was long but thin; not to matter - I could fix that.

I went down on my hands and knees in front of Jason so he could see my breasts sway back and forward as I crawled over to him. I took his cock in my mouth and, whilst maintaining eye contact, I engulfed his long penis in my mouth in one gulp. His eyes went wide at the sight and he let out a low moan as I came back up off his cock.

"I can see you like blowjobs Jason but I think I know what you really want."

I moved up and arched my back and grasped my ample chest and a cheeky smile spread across my face.

"You want to bury your dick in these don't you Jason?"

Well, by now Jason was well and truly amazed at his luck and simply nodded his affirmation. I moved forward and placed his skinny, long dick between the canyon of my tits.

This is where my last spell came into proper effect. Not only does it make the skin between my tits softer; it makes it feel as if the slipperiest oil has been slathered all over my boobs. His cock glided in out of my round, pale flesh without a hint of resistance.

Jason went utterly wild, bucking his hips and throwing his head back in pleasure. He cried out and his cock throbbed heavily against my chest. He took no notice as I began to whisper another spell to thicken his slender penis. I wanted to be fucked later and his skinny cock certainly would not satisfy me.

"Sarah, my dick feels so strange. It tingles. FUCK, I'm going to cum so soon. I can't stop it, your tits have turned me on so much."

Jason's body stopped spasming and went rigid, his thickened cock began to pulse and throb and copious quantities of pre-cum leaked from his dick slit.

"Cum on my tits Jason, that's it. I wanted you to spray it all over these big boobs."

That was too much for him and his cock started to spew thick, ropey cum all across the gulf of my tits and some even splashed my chin and neck. Jason was completely catatonic, I caught some of his thoughts as he came down from his incredible orgasm.

"Fuck, that has never happened before. My cock is thicker. I'm sure it is. Maybe all I needed was a tit - wank? What the hell? That was insane."

I scooped every last drop up off my ample chest and slurped it down; I needed the magical energy for what I had planned after tonight.

All thoughts of dinner were put aside; I needed a cock in my pussy and I needed it now. I shimmed out of my skin - tight jeans and stood there with my hands on my hips in my tiny red thong. Jason looked up at me and his newly thickened penis began to stand up again at the sight of my body.

He gained some man points by standing up and getting fully naked and leading me to his bedroom. He pushed me down on the bed and moved on top of my body and began kissing me and running his fingers over my sensitive nipples making me moan in anticipation. 

He kissed his way down my body and pulled my thong down my legs with his teeth; excellent this guy knows how to play around during sex. He moves back up and buries his face in my pussy and lapped away like a cat lapping at milk.

This is even better, a guy with a thick cock and cooking skills who likes to play around in the bedroom AND likes to eat pussy.

Eventually I needed to be filled so I pulled him up and guided his steel - like shaft to my sopping entrance and felt his hardness part my lips and push it's way up into my pussy.

He grabbed my muscular thighs and began ploughing me in earnest. I was fucking loving it, a nice thick, long dick with long strong strokes. I was screaming and crying out as he turned out to be more of a stud than I thought as he pounded away at me, hard. 

He pulled his cock out of me and flipped me up on to my hands and knees and knelt behind me. Like the little slut I am I arched my back and stuck my ass in the air ready to be fucked by him again. He eased his dick into my slit and holy fuck he went wild. He spanked my ass and held on to my hips and railed me with his hard cock. This guy was turning out to be a fucking machine.

He reached around and tickled my clitoris whilst fucking me and I lost it. I came so hard and coated his cock with my pussy juices. After 10 seconds of my orgasm I felt his cock throb as he blasted his second load of the night deep in my warm, wet pussy.

Sweating and grunting we collapsed together on the bed. He turned to me and spoke.

"I don't usually end an impromptu coffee date this way but for what it's worth, that was incredible."

"Don't mention it, I think I needed that orgasm."

We cleaned ourselves up and had the aforementioned dinner. At the end of the evening I wanted some time to myself to think so I kissed him goodnight and promised to see him soon. I left and walked upstairs to my flat lost in thought.

I really enjoyed meeting Jason, he was good to talk too and turned out to be surprising adept with his tongue and his cock.

I knew what I needed to do; I needed to see what my future held if I made Jason my man. For that I would need a lot of magical energy; which is best found in a very specific place.