 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*****

I was sat in the hallway to my apartment looking at one of the holes I had made in my front door which had a particularly fine looking penis sticking through it. It was long and thick and it pulsed gently in time with the man's heartbeat. It's most distinctive feature, however, was the enormous mushroomed head. Seriously, the glans of this cock cast a huge shadow on my naked thighs.

The big question of course; why was I sat, naked, with a magical dildo in my pussy whilst this mans glorious dick was mere centimetres from my face?

TWO DAYS EARLIER

So, last night I had an incredible fuck from my downstairs neighbour. We met in one of the cute coffee shops across the road from my apartment and it played out like one of my favourite fantasies. A cute, nerdy guy bought me a coffee and cooked me dinner right after ploughing me like an absolute stud.

I must confess that I may have helped him to find his stud-like side by making a small change to this guys dick. I may have used my spells to permanently thicken the shaft of his cock. 

What? This girl has got needs and her pussy was hunting for a good orgasm and it needed satisfying or who knows what else it might have gone searching for?

I want to know if this is my forever man; the man I can proudly take home and use to contribute to our magical bloodlines. So I need to gather magical energy to look into the future. In witchcraft this is known as scrying and it takes a metric fuck ton of magical energy.

I cannot take the energy from lightening as I did when perfecting my own body. Using lightening is quite dangerous as it has to been worked into the spells instantaneously. Scrying is a type of spell that works best by gathering a lot of magical energy before working the spell.

No, I need to get this magical energy from people. I need to get a lot of men to cum.

I will note that using pussy juices is just as effective, however, men are always guaranteed to make some juices and are easy to harvest.

So I started going about my preparations to harvest as much jizz as I could. Firstly, I got up and dressed simply in black thigh high stockings, a pleated tartan skirt with a ribbed skin-tight white t-shirt top. I decided to forgo wearing a bra as it was still summer time and warm outside. I then went out to visit the nearby warlocks store.

Most cities and towns have a warlocks store in them; you just need to know how to find them. This one was conveniently located behind a butchers shop. Ordinary folks would walk on by but a certain attractive brunette slipped down the side alley and into the shop.

Warlock stores tend to be packed with a lot of crap, picture a dingy back room with very few lights and piles of stuff reaching towards the ceiling. A tall, graceful warlock approached me and asked if I needed any help. I gave him my list and set about looking around the store in search of any inspirational magical gadgets.

After around quarter of an hour of browsing I found the perfect dildo - you may have guessed that a lot of witch related magic is based around sex. Unfortunately, a lot of warlock magic is not based around sex and it causes tension between the two major magical houses.

"Can you explain the magical properties of this object please?" I asked the store man nicely.

"Certainly, it enhances orgasms had by the female user 10 fold. If inserted into the anus of the man it increases the volume of seminal fluids 10 fold." explained the store clerk in a very open manner.

I was intrigued, not only by the properties of the magical dildo but also by the store clerks open manner regarding sex magic as he was clearly a warlock.

"I'm sorry, but you seem very down to earth with how we witches perform our magic?"

The warlock, who leaned over the counter and looked at me with his piercing blue eyes explained further.

"My closest friend growing up was a witch; as London is a huge city witches and warlocks aren't as separate as they have been traditionally. In fact; I've helped my friend Clara out with a few spells." He winked at me conspiratorially.

He put my items through the till and stopped at a particularly large glass jar with a rubber skirt attached to the neck.

"This looks like a..." He trailed off at the end of his sentence.

I was a little bit embarrassed; apparently I'm still a country witch and not used to explaining the use of certain magic artefacts to people who aren't witches like me!

"Errr, yeah..." I stammered, a red flush creeping up my neck. Why am I embarrassed? Is it because I find this warlock cute? He did have pretty full and inviting lips...

"Hang on." He told me as he rushed around the counter and strode towards the front of the shop and went out of sight behind a large cabinet stuffed full of magical regalia.

As he came walking back my mouth dropped open in surprise.

He was stark, bollock naked and his heavy cock was swinging like pendulum as he walked towards me. Oh my god, this man's body was divine. He was tall with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes that looked in to your soul. He had muscles for days with a craggy six - pack and a deep V leading down towards his cock. Which must have been magically enhanced because it wasn't even hard but was already sizeable.

"The store is now closed as I suspect you need a lot of cum for an upcoming spell and I'd like to make a donation if you're willing?" he said through a big grin.

I began to grin back at him and said "Deal. But first I want to be fucked by that monster cock. I guess your friend Clara did you a favour in return?"

He just smiled and unzipped the back of my skirt and let it fall to the ground. He then lifted up my top and ran his fingers up over my bare plump breasts and mildly ribbed abs. 

He breathed a sigh and whispered "I have been checking you out since you walked in. You know how well this tight white t-shirt shows off your abs right? It's really fucking sexy."

I giggled and ran my fingers over his broad, strong chest and up his neck into his hair and we started making out. Whilst I was busy with my tongue in his mouth I felt his dick growing and hardening. Soon it was like a steel shaft nestled comfortably between my thighs.

I dropped to my knees and tried my best to take this warlocks behemoth of a dick in my mouth. I actually used up some of my magic to lessen my gag reflex and succeeded in deep throating that son of bitch. My mystery warlock threw his head back and groaned.

I needed to get this thing inside me and soon, so I stood up and hitched my round ass up on to the counter, opened my thighs and offered up my pussy to him.

He need little persuading as he stepped towards me and I felt his strong hands on my hips and all of a sudden I was squirming beneath him as he gently eased his length all the way inside of me. I thought that Jason's dick had filled me but god damn I felt as if every fold of my internal walls was now stretched tight around this animal.

My wicked warlock settled his hands on my cinched waistline and went at me hard. I was being completely reamed by this man and he was fucking loving it. To be honest so was I, my pussy was dripping wet and spasming as he sent me over the brink into a continuous orgasm. My knees went weak and trembled and I felt his member swell inside me.

"You might want to get your collection jar ready now." He advised me.

He stepped back and I jumped off the counter and jerked his meat with fervour whilst I groped for the jar and just as his balls tightened and he started grunting I got the rubber lip in line as his creamy goo started splashing into my bottle.

I kept jerking and stroking and I even licked the sensitive area just underneath the cockhead most folks call the banjo. This man just kept cumming; 9, 10, 11 spurts of thick cum splashed down into my jar.

After he finished cumming we helped each other to dress and acknowledged this was a bit of fun but nothing serious. Witches and warlocks should never have children together; even super - liberal city warlocks knew that.

I rushed home with all my stuff that I had bought and began making my preparations for my cum collection day. 

Firstly, I took a kitchen stool and cast a small spell to make my new magical dildo a part of the chair in the optimum position to fit it in my pussy whilst sucking dick through the hole(s) in my door. Second, I cast another spell to make several holes at several different heights in my front door and finally, I placed my collection jar (with my first donation) in front of the door.

It was quite late so I decided to sleep and use the whole day tomorrow to harvest as much sperm as possible.

As the morning rolled around, I felt fresh and ready to go to work. I dressed myself in the sexiest strappy underwear I own. My perfectly muscled torso was criss-crossed with black lacy straps and my large breasts seemingly defied gravity in a wonder bra and my pussy was nicely framed by crotchless panties.

I consumed some of the sperm donated to me the previous day to cast a subtle spell on the whole building. It affected only the men and consisted of four parts. One of subtle arousal, the need to cum at some point today. Another to find infidelity incredibly arousing as I knew most men in the building were in relationships. The third part was to once again decrease inhibitions and the final part was a general forgetting which wouldn't kick in until midnight.

This meant I had until midnight to collect as much cum as I could. So, I settled down onto my stool and didn't have to wait long before my first cock poked through the door.

It was a skinny little cock and to get myself in the mood I worked my magic dildo into my pussy and I set to work. I took his little cock head in my mouth and sucked it gently with a tight mouth to stimulate him whilst I eased myself up and down on my new dildo.

I was rewarded with muffled groan. I worked at his cock for no more than two minutes before he knocked on the door. I picked up my collection jar and aimed his dick slit into the opening as his milky seed rained down.

I smiled as the cock withdrew and heard footsteps going down the hall. I hadn't got myself off but I was achieving my objective of collecting cum.

You might be wondering why people would feel comfortable going up to a random door and sticking their dick in it. Fortunately, the placement of my apartment was at the end of a hall and around a corner with no other doors on this small part of the corridor. So my men could come and get their dicks pleasured without anybody knowing.

As the morning wore on into the afternoon my collection jar steadily grew fuller and my pussy gushed and contributed to the magical sex fluids as well thanks to my new magic dildo.

I looked up at the door at around 4 in the afternoon and saw the aforementioned perfect cock.

The thick veiny, mushroom goodness sticking through my door needed special attention. So I picked up my lube and began by masturbating this heavenly shaft.

I worked the tasteless lube (very important for blowjobs) into this mans skin and hard ridges. I felt his body stiffen up against the door as I continued my ministrations. I pushed the dildo into my cunt as I stroked him and stretched myself on it's fake shaft.

I suddenly felt the need to feel the warmth of a real dick instead of cold silicon.

I eased myself off the dildo stool and stood up. The man must have been quite tall because I had to stand on tip toe as I turned around and backed myself up to the door and slid his penis inside me and went nuts.

I bounced on his dick for what felt like hours. His huge mushroomed head hit every single nerve on the way in and on the way out. My whole body rippled as I came on this guys dick time after time after time. It was the purest expression of physical magic. 

I heard an urgent knocking on the door and thought to myself who would be at the door right now when I am enjoying myself? I completely forgot to get the collection jar and carried on fucking this amazing dick when I felt it spasm inside me. 

FUCK, I was meant to collect this too. Never mind, I let it slide all the way into me and enjoyed the feeling of a beautiful cock emptying it's load inside me.

After Mr Magic Dick was done and gone I looked at my collection jar and decided as it was nearly full I'd better call it a day. I cast the necessary spells to fix the holes in my door and remove the dildo from my kitchen stool. I put my collection jar in the fridge to keep it from spoiling overnight and took a shower to clean myself up from the days efforts.

At midnight a calm rushed over the building as all the men inside forgot about their sexual exploits of the day.

Tomorrow I will cast my spells to see what my future holds with my nerdy stud Jason.