 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*****

I was finally ready to see my future with Jason.

I had gathered a huge amount of cum yesterday by sucking each and every cock that stuck proudly through one of the holes in my front door. All in all I had sucked 27 cocks (not including the one I couldn't resist fucking).

I mulled over what I had done the previous day to get what I wanted. I hadn't bothered hunting for any thoughts of my helping men, I just needed them to get off and boost my magical powers. Did that make me a bad person? I'd given them pleasure and then removed their memories of it so it wouldn't trouble them. I decided to put it out of my mind.

I thought back lustily to the very first donation I had received from a young warlock and his cock, magically enhanced by his witch-friend Clara. I'd given him a fuck to remember. That was one memory I was happy I hadn't tampered with! I realised that I hadn't detected any of his thoughts either during sex; maybe witches and warlocks minds are protected from one another?

Anyway, it was nearly time for me to cast my spells of scrying, of seeing and knowing the future. As with most witch magic, it works best when you feel at your sexiest. So I was dressed in a skin tight, black lycra cat-suit. Remember those videos with a model and a designer? Where the beautiful model would stand in a full body suit from ankle to neck in some public place and the designer would cut open lots of little holes and twist the fabric together to make it look 'cool' and 'sexy'?

Well, that's how I looked. Long, slim, muscular legs with a perfectly sized bubble butt at the top. A taught, firm, lightly muscled abdomen crowned with gravity - defying globes all hidden (barely) beneath my cat-suit. I felt like a sex-queen and I felt ready to begin.

I sat in my kitchen, just before midnight, with my scrying bowl in front of me. I had already poured my collection of cum into the bowl and mixed it with my alchemical formulas to create my scrying mirror. As my clock chimed midnight I began to chant my spells.

Nothing happened.

I carried on chanting and willed the clouds of the future to part and reveal to me what I wanted to know.

There!

The murky mixture started to clear and show me a darkened bedroom. 

"Well, this is a good start." I said out loud, my incantations now finished.

The bedroom contained a tasteful but enormous four poster bed with dark sheeting and lots of pillows. My vantage point was if I were a camera on the wall facing the foot of the bed with the pillows furthest from me. Around the room on various dark wooden tables were lots of candles; there seemed to be no electric lighting in the whole room.

On the posts of the bed, I did notice various straps and buckles. They looked quite clearly designed to hold human ankles and arms; probably for sex-play. Hmmm... Maybe Jason had gotten a little too carried away with his stud-like fucking?

I saw a pale female figure in incredibly high heels (and nothing else) walked across the room and sit on the bed and wait. I looked closely and realised I was looking at myself! I had lost a little bit of weight and looked skinny instead of slim and toned like I am now. I wondered what may have happened to cause the weight loss?

Future me then reached under the covers to pull out a monstrous dildo. Seriously this thing was even bigger than my magic one I had here and began to work it into her pussy. She had a determined expression, like this was something she needed to do in preparation for something else. After a moment she relaxed into it and began to pant and enjoy her self - love.

At this point I saw a distinctly masculine figure stride in to the room. He began unbuckling his belt and taking off his clothes. The future me removed the dildo, threw it aside and darted across the room and knelt before him and began to massage his enormous dick. Jason's dick isn't currently that big so I must have cast more spells to grow it for him.

Clearly future me was still needed a real cock for true satisfaction; that was pleasing to know.

Future me had taken his cock in her mouth by this point and was blowing him with gusto. My big lips were parted around his shaft looking picture perfect. His hands ran through my hair as his hips moved in time with my up-down motion.

At this point I was sat in front of my scrying mirror feeling like the biggest voyeur in the world.

Jason pulled future me off his now rock - hard member and pulled me towards the bed. He sat me down on the floor at the foot of the bed facing away from the bed, towards my 'camera', and strapped each of my arms into the straps on the posts of the bed. My arms at this point were stretched out and I quite clearly couldn't move far in any direction.

He then stood with his back to me and his front to my future self and pushed his cock deep into my future self's mouth and began to face fuck me in earnest. I began to hear some of Jason's thoughts drifting through the scrying bowl.

"That's it you sexy bitch; take my magic dick. Fucking take it all."

I'm not going to lie I was quite turned on by this whole scene. Quite clearly Jason and I had found a sense of satisfaction and excitement in areas I had previously not explored (such as being tied down and dirty talk). Additionally, he had referenced his magic dick - he must now know I'm a witch and taken it well.

Jason, clearly satisfied judging by the large amount of white fluids dripping down the chin of future me. He then move to unstrap her and helped her up, even giving her a quick cuddle before spinning her around and throwing her down on the bed.

Once again he strapped her wrists down, further up the bed this time so her bouncing bubble butt was sticking in the air with her wet pussy (freshly fucked by her monster dildo) ready for the taking.

Jason positioned himself behind the now prone form of future me and slapped his hung meat on her ass for effect and lined his cock up and plunged in to her pussy in one fell stroke. Future me cried out, clearly finding the experience painful but quickly settled down into what looked like pleasure.

During this BDSM style fuckery I couldn't gain a proper glimpse of Jason's thoughts but his feelings were wafting over me like smoke. Arousal, that was to be expected. Lust and pleasure, of course he's in the middle of sex right now! Anger, that was concerning. Why was Jason feeling angry?

During the powerful reaming Jason was giving future me he began spanking her ass. He was spanking her ass hard. Future Sarah was clearly not enjoying herself much by this point. Thankfully Jason pulled out his cock and sprayed her ass and back with his seed quite quickly after he started the spanking.

He clambered down off the enormous bed and walked to towards the door of the room; leaving the future me still tied down to the bed. I managed to catch a glimpse of his thoughts as he exited the room.

"Fucking bitch, she deserves the rough treatment and worse."

I stood up and staggered away from the scrying bowl and broke the spell, tears streaming down my face.

I couldn't believe it.

I heard his thoughts loud and clear, he wanted to hurt me MORE than the over-heavy spanking he had just given me. I didn't understand. I couldn't breathe.

I needed to know more about Jason. He had mentioned that he knew about his magic dick. What if future me hadn't told him but he knew about it already?

I whispered another scrying spell; this one was to see in to the past.

I was looking back to the first night in Jason's apartment, just as we had finished fucking and I chanted a spell to hear his thoughts word for word, not relying on my innate ability to hear the thoughts of those fucking me.

"My cock is so much thicker now. This girl must be a witch. Dad was right, I can tell when someone uses magic. I'll need to talk to him about her soon, he'll know what to do. I need to keep her around so I can steal her magic and get stronger. Plus she is a good fuck despite not liking rough play; but I can get her to come around."

I broke the spell. I had heard enough.

However, hearing his detailed thoughts has surprised me. When we were getting to know each other Jason had been VERY vague about his father. He simply told me that he left when he was a child and he didn't see him; but here he is actively thinking about speaking to him.

I needed to see more.

I knew I had enough magic energy in my scrying bowl for at least two more spells. I knew what my final spell would be but first I wanted to find out Jason's parentage.

I chanted once again, looking deep into the past at the moment Jason was conceived.

The fogs parted and I saw a blonde woman in a tight blood-red dress dancing on stage. She was beautiful. Curvy and graceful as she moved across the stage. My vision panned to a man in the audience. He was clearly Jason's father as the resemblance was uncanny. He was a powerfully built man with a handsome face sporting a particularly cruel expression.

The scene blurred and I got the sense of time passing forwards.

All of sudden I was in a bedroom and I saw the two individuals naked and engaged in passionate love-making on the bed. He was face down, head between her shapely breasts smacking his hips against hers, driving his dick into her with force. She was groaning and moaning and obviously loving the attentions of the distinctly masculine figure.

He reared up in the bed and lifted his hand as if to hit the woman beneath him but something made him pause and look around.

That's when I saw the tattoo on his shoulder which made my heart stop.

I broke the spell instantly; I knew what Jason was and why he would eventually become mean and angry.

Jason's father was a demon.

Demons can sense when people are using magic around them, even if it's a scrying spell seeing the past. Who knows what he would have done if I had maintained the spell any longer?

Demons aren't messengers of Satan or anything like that, no. It's just the term given to another branch of magical humans like witches and warlocks. Unfortunately, demon culture and their magic abilities are almost exclusively violent. Demons tend to be filled with anger that cannot be contained.

Jason as a half-breed human/demon would never be able to wield the full magical abilities of his father but would always be prone to violent outbursts and a string a broken relationships throughout his life. However, there was a chance that he could rip the magic out of me to become a fully-fledged demon. That would explain why I looked so skinny in my vision of the future.

I knew what I had to do.

I used the remaining energy I had left in my scrying bowl to cast as powerful a spell as I could. Initially, I began by removing any memory of me from Jason's mind, this was vital so he didn't come looking for me specifically. I continued by placing a powerful block on his libido to prevent him from ever directing his violence to another woman. I finished by suppressing his high levels of anger to that of an average human.

As I finished my spells the sun was rising, I hadn't slept all night.

I took a quick, cold shower and scrubbed my skin clean and collapsed into bed.

What was I going to do now?

*****

AUTHORS NOTE

This story was written to complete the story line I had in mind and was not intended as a story to get off to; there will be more stories along that line later in the wider story arc.

If you or anyone you know has suffered or is suffering from any form of abuse don't remain silent and seek help if you need it.