 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*

I had been moping about the apartment for nearly a week.

I couldn't get past the reality that the sweet and innocent man I had met in the coffee shop was a half-demon. I had checked and my spell was successful, Jason would never reach his dark potential.

The need for groceries and one or two magic bits and bobs I needed eventually forced me out of the house.

I made my way over to the Warlocks store where I bumped into the store clerk.

"Hey." He said, clearly surprised to see me.

"Hi." I grumbled back.

"What's got you?" He asked.

"I just realised the guy I was seeing is a dick and now I don't know what to do with myself." I moaned.

"You know, I think you should talk to Clara. She really helped me when I was going through some bad stuff. She's actually on her way here, hang around for five minutes and I'll introduce you two."

I could see that he was genuinely concerned by my feelings which was touching. I realised that I had fucked and sucked this man but never even got his name. When I asked, he told me his name was Tim, which is the most child-like name considering this guy was a beast made of muscle!

Eventually his friend Clara arrived; she was a short, Chinese - looking woman who was absolutely STACKED. Seriously, this girl had the biggest boobs I have ever seen on a short person. They were quite clearly the result of some impressive body - modification spells.

I will also mention that she had an ass to die for. She was the dream, an Asian girl with boobs and an ass. Thank YOU magic!

I didn't see the harm in explaining what had happened to these guys given I had removed Jason's memories so I explained the full thing to both of them. They sympathised and Clara took me out for some drinks at a local pub after the shop closed up.

We hit a few bars after the initial pub and began to get to know each other a bit better. I was curious to know more about witches in the city.

"So tell me, who taught you magic and stuff whilst growing up here in the city? It's pretty sort of conservative where I'm from, we don't mingle much with other magical humans." I asked, full of curiosity.

"Oh, it was fine. I grew up learning magic from my mum like most witches do but once I hit my year of maturity and got what the body I wanted." She gestured to her breasts at this point. "I just decided to move out and meet other people; that's how I met Tim. He gave me an AMAZING book on witch magic for a few enlargement spells." She winked at me conspiratorially.

At this point the music kicked in hard at the bar and Clara grabbed me and led me on to the dance floor.

We made quite a sight, a short Chinese woman with gorgeously tanned skin and enormous breasts grinding up against me - someone who could have walked off a bikini modelling cat-walk.

Needless to say we drew some stares and attention from some of the male clientele of the bar. We also drew some looks from the women too - clearly London was quite the non - judgemental place!

Clara turned to me and looked up and asked me. "Have you ever fucked another witch?"

I looked at her amazed and told her "No; I've never really found women attractive."

She grinned in a foxy and sexy sort of way and grabbed my face and started making out with me right there on the dance floor. The air around us crackled with magical energy and a wave of magic rippled through the room and everybody suddenly felt a little bit turned on.

Grins broke out across the room as people started dancing and one enthusiastic couple started making out and fondling each other passionately.

She stopped kissing me and asked me again. "Do you want to fuck a witch?"

I must have looked blank because she continued.

"I can't promise you it'll feel the same as a guy Sarah but you will certainly enjoy it." She said with a mischievous grin.

I was breathless and knew this was exactly what I wanted right now AND exactly what I needed right now.

We quickly left the bar and made our way back to my place stopping on many street corners to kiss passionately and grope each other like wanton, horny teenagers raging full of hormones.

It like a scene out a stupid porn film. I could barely keep my hands and lips off this exotic sex bucket long enough to get the keys in the front door and we quite literally knocked everything over in the hallway between the door and the bedroom.

We frantically tore at each others clothes, unzipping and unhooking in our raging need to feel some sort of a release. God her lips were just so soft and yet so firm and demanding in their need to push themselves on to my own lips.

Finally we were naked and I broke away and pushed Clara down onto my bed so I could view her body before losing myself to physical sensation.

She was utterly breath-taking.

She had the yellow-brown tanned skin typical of those from southern China and it was completely unblemished. Her thighs were curved and round and looked strong enough to crush a watermelon; or grip my head in pleasure (I hoped). 

Clara had the cutest little bush of jet black hair covering her sex and a stretch of flat belly above it.

What dominated her body and my vision were her enormous breasts. They were gargantuan orbs that sat incredibly high on her chest for their size. Her nipples with a darker brown then the rest of her skin and were hardening rapidly under my gaze.

I slid on to bed and took her breasts in my hands, well tried my best to take them in my hands. I nibbled and sucked on her nipples much to Clara's delight. I felt my own pussy starting to moisten as I became more aroused.

I kissed my way down her abdomen and grazed my fingernails over her hips.

Eventually I was exactly where I wanted to be and I slowly ran my tongue over her pussy. Heat from her groin radiated over my face and I heard her start to moan and pant as I worked. I muttered a spell of summoning and my magical dildo appeared in my hand.

I worked the dildo into her pussy and she fucking lost it. She was moving and wriggling around whilst I fucked her pussy with my dildo and licked her clitoris. It must have been too much because she start squirting all over me and my room crackled with waves of magical energy just like when we kissed in the bar.

It was unbelievably sexy.

My face was soaked in her sex juices and I wondered if I would need a new mattress.

"Sorry about that but that orgasm was one of the strongest I've ever felt." Clara said sheepishly, voice slurred by pleasure.

I put the dildo aside and moved up her body and lowered my pussy down onto her face.

"Don't worry about it, you made me really wet, see?" I whispered through a grin.

She set to work on my hot pussy and I gasped as the electric shock of being licked by a woman for the first time ran over my body.

Then I screamed out loud as her magically enlarged tongue found it's way into my pussy and began writing around inside me hitting every single G-spot between my clit and my cervix.

That must have been from that book she mentioned earlier about amazing enlargement spells!

My legs were shaking and my tits were jiggling as my body jerked out of control as I was pleasured to heights I'd never felt by that magic tongue. Once again I felt waves of magical energy sparkling all around us.

I'm not a squirter but when I collapsed by her side; unable to hold myself up anymore after the wave of orgasms she grinned over at me with her face slick with my juices.

We giggled together and cuddled and fell asleep, happy.

In the morning when we woke up we cuddled and kissed some more and washed each other in the shower together, playing with each others erogenous zones once again. I had to ask her about the magical energy we seemed to have produced during our sex session last night.

Clara explained that whilst some spells work best by harvesting magical energy from the physical juices of people. Whenever a witch engaged in sexual activities with another witch it magnified the magical power that was already inside both of their bodies. It was usually more than their bodies could hold so it overflowed into the world around them.

She then led me outside to see plants in full bloom and told me to look around. There were people walking hand in hand and smiling. I could see a group of children giggling and playing whilst a young boy nervously, but excitedly, gave a flower to a young girl.

Clara explained that our magic, when released in the world unshaped, attaches itself to other living things and due to the sexual nature of our magic it boosts peoples libido and gives new confidence in the realm of love.

I looked inside myself and could feel my magical reserves were brimming. Huh, looks like I had found a new way to boost my reserves. For spells like scrying I would still need to use physical cum from men but for spells I can work using my own magic it was perfect!

Over the next few days Clara began taking me to the gym. She said it wouldn't change my body much as we had already used magic to improve ourselves, however, she said it will certainly help me to get over Jason and improve my mental state.

Over the next few weeks she proved to be right; I loved the physical challenge of weight lifting and bodyweight exercises. It also gave some of the men a surprise when they saw how heavy a weight I can lift!

During these weeks I saw two guys regularly; one with brown hair and the other was a sort of dirty blonde. They were both sort of skinny and looked like they were at the start of their body improvement journey at the gym. I looked over at Clara and asked if she wanted to have a little fun.

We moved closer together and turned our backs and began chanting some spells...

I went home to visit family and talk to the elders of my town to get some advice. They gave me the usual useless wise words about taking my time and looking with my heart and passion which is all very well. Personally, I was looking for something a bit more erotic after my exploits with Clara!

I hooked up with Clara and we decided to hit the gym; we had just moved into the free weight area and saw our two skinny guys we had targeted previously. It had only been about three weeks or so since we cast our spells but these had REALLY improved.

Where they previously had skinny shoulders and slim arms they now had nicely built muscles. Where they previously had skinny thighs they now had prominent quad muscles. Their muscle growth was not too big but also far bigger than any normal person could develop in just three weeks.

Clara and I looked at each other and grinned wickedly, however, we also decided to reduce the potency of the spell. Otherwise these guys would end up the size of a house by the end of the year!

We picked the workout bench next to them and began our exercise routine. Within a couple of minutes the newly improved men had clocked on to the two beauty's with a slight sheen of sweat making their skin glisten.

The four of us all worked out next to each other for the next hour. Towards the end of the hour I winked at Clara and cast a spell to lower the guys inhibition.

"Come on girl, let's go shower, it's completely dead in here." I said loudly.

"Sure thing, you wash my pussy and I'll wash yours." She said with a giggle whilst looking one the guys dead in the eye.

We sauntered off and the guys looked at each other and nodded once before striding towards the showers after us.

I worked my tight sports legging over my round ass and down my long legs. I left them in a pile with my sports bra and stepped into the shower whilst Clara did the same and stepped into the adjacent shower.

The shower quickly started to fill with steam as we had turned up the heat in the showers. Fortunately, we went to a decent gym and the shower stalls were fairly spacious.

I heard two sets of distinctly masculine footsteps and Clara whispered a spell to encourage everyone in the building to stay away from the women's showers. We wanted these men in here but we didn't want anybody else in here!

I stood there letting the water soak my skin as my pussy began to make it's own liquids. I kept my back to the door as I wanted to see what the guy would do. I heard my cubicle door open and I hoped it was the guy with the brown hair.

I began to catch wafts of his thoughts as my magical sense felt his prick stiffen.

"Fuck, am I doing this? Yes, do it Adam she clearly wants you to; you can see her smile over her shoulder. Christ she is beautiful and sexy and holy fuck I am rock hard already."

I certainly was grinning because it was the guy with brown hair. I was also grinning because he wouldn't need much enhancement at all in the penis department. Maybe a slight lengthening and thickening but that's just because I'm something a cock-slut!

He moved towards me and kissed me full on the lips and his hands roamed over my tight body just as mine ran over his. He had weighty balls to go with his big dick and a firm ass which I couldn't resist spanking. He chuckled and span me around and lent me forward and gently spanked my own ass perfectly so that it jiggled.

Good, this man knows how to play around and have fun!

I could hear moaning from the stall next door and saw Clara had squatted down to blow her guy, judging by the feet I could see under the stall.

I got the idea and turned back towards this guy who I now knew was called Adam and pushed him back against the wall so hot water cascaded down his body.

He hadn't quite gotten a six-pack yet but there was certainly some good definition across his abdomen as I kissed my way down it and took his cock head in my mouth. He too began moaning as I sucked him and grasped his balls.

After some moments of letting him enjoy the silky soft tightness of my mouth I stood back up and turned around and bent over with my arms above my head and once again his aroused thoughts made their way into my head.

"Holy fuuuuuuck look at that ass. That pussy too. I'm going to cum soon, I won't be able to stop it, this girl is insane."

I laughed out loud and told him to stick it in or I'm going to join the other two next door - this elicited a laugh from Clara.

He stepped forward, determined, and did as he was told and stuck his nicely sized prick in my pussy. Now it was my turn to groan and he grabbed my hips and had at it, our bodies synced up almost perfectly and time lost all meaning as we pleasured each other.

He stepped back and turned me around and with the help of his newly developed muscles picked me up and skewered me with his dick. My back was leaning against the wall of the shower with my legs wrapped around him and hot water fell over our naked bodies as he ploughed me good and hard.

It was incredibly arousing to see his muscles working and moving under his skin and to know I helped him achieve that. I spasmed and came on his cock hard, crying out in pleasure as I heard one final thought from him before he succumbed to his own orgasm.

"I hope this happens again... FUCK I'm going to cum."

He lost it, his dick pumped wad after wad of sticky cum in my pussy as his body bucked and jerked beneath me.

We ended our sweet encounter by washing each other and holding each other under the warm water; which was a nice touch I hadn't expected.

We parted ways but not before we had exchanged contact details; even Clara wanted to see her guy (who I found out was called Matt) again.

Who knows, maybe I had just stumbled on to the right guy in the shower?

He was beautiful, an amazing fuck and wants to see me again and that could be no bad thing.