 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

***

I was surrounded by people moving and writhing around me and I could feel the alcohol in my veins and the music thump in my chest.

I was also feeling really horny whilst grinding up against Matt's crotch.

It was Clara's idea to go out clubbing and drinking with Adam and Matt after our steamy fuck session in the gym showers a couple of weeks ago. We started out at a quiet pub and sat chatting and joking around with each other; each man trying to impress his chosen woman. Later we had ended up at this club and pushed our men onto the dancefloor to see them move.

Clara disengaged from what can only be described as sex on the dancefloor with Matt and made her way over to me. 

"I am seriously horny right now but I can't decide if I want to fuck you or Matt - I love cock but I don't want to miss out on your sweet pussy." She whispered into my ear whilst cupping my butt-cheeks in her hands.

My new friend Clara had a way with words and the alcohol had clearly lowered her already minuscule inhibitions.

"You could have both tonight if you wanted?" I whispered back; a naughty grin appearing on my face as our bodies danced together in time with the music.

She threw back her head and laughed and danced with me in her sexy, jiggly way.

We worked magic together on that dancefloor and we convinced our men to grab a taxi with us back to Clara's large studio apartment.

Adam and I made out like teenagers and fondled each other in the back of the dark cab. I was sat in the middle with Adam on my left and Clara on my right - Matt had drawn short straw and sat up front. I stopped kissing Adam and feigned tiredness and settled myself down, head in Matt's lap.

I whispered a small spell of ignorance over the driver of the taxi and slid down Adam's zip silently and popped his soft cock into my mouth. I felt him stiffen beneath me as I silently sucked his cock. His own body performed magic as his small member stiffened and grew large and hard and demanding in my mouth.

I deepthroated him for a couple of moments and felt a hand stroking the cleft of my legs. I thought Adam had reached around behind me to return the favour but as I looked up he had his hands neutrally by his sides.

I looked behind me and saw Clara with a wicked grin on her face massaging my labia with her right hand.

I put Adam's cock away and whispered into his ear "You're going to have to share me tonight."

I turned towards Clara and leant back into Adam and gave him full view over my shoulder of Clara opening her bag and pulling out my magic wooden dildo from her bag and moving my skirt up to my hips, pulling my panties aside and filling me up with it's length.

It was wild and it felt amazing to be held by a strong man with my sex - pot Clara fucking me with my own dildo.

Adam's thoughts drifted into my mind.

"That is so hot; I've never done anything as wild as this except the time me and Matt 69'd each other."

The images that came to his mind at that thought were intense and it heightened my arousal. Adam and Matt had a bisexual streak it seems!

I moved his hand over my mouth so I wouldn't scream and my body shuddered as I came on that dildo. The taxi man would have to clean his back seat because my juices streamed out of my pussy as I came hard.

Finally, we arrived at Clara's place and we all piled out of the car and made our way upstairs. I took the liberty of casting a spell of soundproofing and diversion so nobody would hear us or interrupt us.

We got settled on the floor between the bed and the couch with some drinks and played the typical game of truth or dare.

It landed on Clara first and she warmed it up slowly by saying truth.

"How many guys have you fucked?" I asked playfully.

She considered for a moment and smiled.

"Probably somewhere between 10 and 20." She admitted; blushing whilst she said so.

Matt didn't look too bothered by this news and he was clearly admiring Clara's body whilst she was talking.

Next it landed on Adam and he opted for a dare.

Clara and I decided to keep it tame for the time being and dared him to remove one article of clothing.

He opted to remove his shirt, an option which I enjoyed as his muscle growth had continued and his abs were really starting to gain definition. Coupled with his thickening shoulders and arms he was really starting to look like a modern day Adonis.

FUCK; the bottle landed on me.

"Errrrrr, truth." I stammered out.

Matt asked "How interested are you in my boy Adam?"

I flashed him my award winning smile and looked Adam in the eye whilst I said "I am particularly interested in your boy Adam." I finished the sentence by reaching over to caress Adam's dick through his jeans; everyone laughed.

It landed back on Clara and this time she chose dare.

"You have to take off your top and bury Matt's face in your cleavage." I said through a grin.

She sighed and smiled. 

"If I must then I must." she said whilst Matt looked like a boy a Christmas.

She removed her tight, lacy top that had attracted many a stare on the dancefloor and unveiled her huge tits clad in an electric blue bra. She crawled on all fours over to Matt and rubbed her tits up his torso and flicked herself back onto her heels.

She grabbed his head and slammed his face into the soft, yielding flesh of her tits whilst his hands automatically grabbed her bubble butt. Matt lost no time enjoying himself and cheekily reached up and unsnapped her bra.

Clara giggled and took the whole thing off and sat back down in the circle to continue the game. Quite a teasing move considering how badly tented Matt's trousers were over his hard cock.

We span the bottle again and it landed on Adam who was feeling brave and chose dare; I gave Clara a look to tell her I've got this.

"Adam, your friend Matt looks like he's got a real problem. Why don't you take his cock out and give him a helping hand for a few moments." I suggested with an innocent smile.

Adam looked over at Matt questioningly.

"Dude, come on it's not like we haven't enjoyed each other's dicks before; the girls are clearly into it or they wouldn't dare you!" Matt admonished Adam.

Adam shrugged and moved over to Matt and unzipped his trousers and worked them over his hips so he could get better access and began to fondle Matt's balls and jerk his dick.

That was interesting then; male friends who clearly enjoyed a bit of sex play together every now and then.

Clara came back with some sex oil and drizzled it over Matt's cock and balls and the whole thing got a lot messier; fortunately Clara's place had laminate flooring!

By this point everyone was getting pretty horned up and Clara declared that she needed some action and took of her short shorts and stood up in her electric blue thong and sat on Matt's face whilst Adam jerked him.

Matt got the message and went for it on Clara's pussy through her thong. 

Adam stopped jerking Matt at this point and turned towards me; clearly interested in the new thing to fuck.

I stripped down revealing my toned, tanned body clad in a demi-bra and lacy boy shorts.

"Sarah, you're incredibly beautiful" Adam breathed.

I broke out into a genuine smile as happiness flooded through me.

He took off his own clothes revealing his hard and large dick that I had sucked in the taxi. He helped me out of my sexy underwear and lay me down on the bed; stopping to pick up the large bottle of sex oil provided by Clara.

He rubbed oil into my skin, all over my body, paying particular attention to my nipples, my pussy and my asshole. I was slippery and felt incredibly sexy and aroused. I returned the favour and jerked his cock head whilst exploring his ass with my finger.

Matt was in heaven and once again I head his thoughts in my head.

"Oh god my dick is so sensitive right now, that's it baby find my prostate - I love it when I jerk off and massage my prostate."

I worked my finger deeper into his ass and worked his prostate whilst simultaneously gripping his mushroomed dick. His cock leaked copious amounts of pre - cum whilst he slithered around in pleasure. Clara and Matt joined us on the bed, now both fully naked and took the oil and began to mimic us by oiling each other up and playing with each others sensitive areas.

Meanwhile, I eased out of Adams asshole and cleaned my hands. Adam picked me up and flipped me around so my pussy was by his face and my face was above his cock. I took his hard member in my mouth whilst I felt his hot tongue work my clitoris.

It was a euphoric experience.

The oil had heighted every single sense and we were both nearing orgasm but I had an idea to fulfil first.

I sat up and moved down to his cock and took his hard length in the warm wet folds of my pussy. I pulled Matt up by the hand off Clara so he was stood in front of me at the end of the bed and began sucking his cock. I enjoyed feeling his strong hands gripping my hair as he used my mouth as his fuck hole.

Clara then straddled Adam's face and enjoyed his skilled tongue on her pussy. All four of us groaned and moaned and slithered over each other together.

It must have been quite a sight. One budding bodybuilder getting fucked reverse cowgirl by a tall pale brunette that could have been a bikini model whilst licking the pussy of a busty Chinese girl. With the other budding bodybuilder filling the other hole of the brunette whilst she fucked his best friend!

Clara clearly wanted to get fucked because after a short while she pulled me off Adam's cock and pushed me down on all fours and moved down beside me. Our faces were all the way down on the pillows and both of our jiggly asses were stuck in the air dripping oil with our wet pussies on show ready and eager for a fucking.

Matt ploughed deep into Clara at the same moment Adam ploughed deep into me. Both of the men went hard and spanked us both on the ass and fucked us with wanton abandon. After a moment Adam pulled out of me and worked a finger into my ass, stretching me out making me ready for his cock.

I felt his cock-head at my puckered entrance and he pushed past my tight muscle and eased his thick member into my ass.

I went absolutely nuts, I felt so good and full and the oil gave the perfect amount of lubrication. I was butting back against his hips whimpering with pleasure and Adam was also clearly loving it as he was groaning and moaning in time with my rutting.

Clara lost it and shuddered as she came on Matt's cock hard, screaming like a banshee.

Matt clearly couldn't take the sight of his casual fuck buddy ploughing me in the ass alongside this exotic sex-pot cumming on his dick because he quickly pulled his cock out and with a roar sprayed his cum all over Clara's ass and back.

This in turn set me off on another mind blowing orgasm, my sex fluids mingling with the oil as it rained down on the sheets below me and Adam.

Matt moved behind Adam and spread his ass cheeks and put his still hard cock right up inside his asshole. Adam couldn't take it and Matt felt his pulsing prostate against his cock as I felt his throbbing cock unloading a huge amount of jizz in my tight hot pussy.

The four of us all collapsed together in a sticky, oily heap on the bed and all of us immediately started giggling uncontrollably as the pleasure hormones coursed through our bodies.

We all fell deeply asleep there on the bed and when we woke up we all cleaned up and had breakfast together and snuggled up on the sofa for a lazy Sunday.

It was a really wonderful weekend and the incredible sex coupled with the genuine thoughts of warmth and attraction I'd felt from Adam had my hopes up that this was the man for me.