 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*****

In the weeks following our steamy group sex session I grew to know Adam well. Clara and Matt were also enjoying the beginnings of a close and intimate relationship.

The four of us would always enjoy a special sort of relationship but as winter turned to summer I was really invested in getting to know Adam and find out if he was to be my hunting prize to take home.

One afternoon Adam and I were enjoying a picnic on a secluded hill side in high summer. I was wearing a light summer dress, bra-less with a gorgeous pair of hip high panties underneath. Adam was at his physical prime wearing a tight muscle-fitting shirt and blue jeans.

We were giggling together and feeding each grapes like in the cliched novels. They tasted sharp and sweet on my tongue. I rolled over onto my front and Adam began massaging my shoulders. I looked around and saw that we were quite alone on the hillside, hidden by a big boulder above us and some trees to our right.

I grinned as I knew exactly what I wanted to do and uttered a spell to heighten my new boyfriends arousal (among other temporary enhancements). I also touched the wine bottle at my side and spoke a spell of transformation; shaping the bottle to my will.

My boyfriend straddled my ass and really started getting into the massage and I could feel his sizeable cock growing harder against my round butt-cheeks. His hands drifted under my dress and he slid my sexy panties down my legs and began to paw at my jiggling mounds of ass flesh and began caressing my labia.

I rolled over staying underneath him and lifted the dress fully over my head and tossed it to one side. Adam gazed down at my full and attractive breasts and went to town sucking and nibbling at my nipples. I reached up and buried his face in the canyon of my tits.

When he came up for air he pulled his shirt over his head and my lips kissed their way up his now fully developed six pack abs to his muscular chest. He stood up and dropped his trousers revealing his fully hard shaft standing proud away from his body. He was a magnificent man to behold naked.

He dropped back down on top of me and kissed his way down my flat stomach and worked his tongue into my already wet pussy. He drove me right to the edge of my orgasm with my legs over his shoulders. Damn that boy has a talented tongue!

I pulled him up and tasted myself as we made out passionately both naked beneath the sky. The thrill of being potentially caught added to the sexual excitement! 

During our foursome I found out that Adam has a strong bisexual nature, he loves all aspects of men and women's physicality including both giving and receiving anal sex.

I pushed him up and turned him around so we were kneeling together, upright, facing the same direction. I was directly behind him and full access to his cute butt as I grabbed the implement I had transformed previously.

It was a dual dildo and prostate massager that vibrated perfectly in sync with out bodies. Pleasure for both me and him.

His shameless admission that he loves butt stuff had turned me onto pegging!

I soaked both ends of the device in my pussy juices and eased it into my boyfriends anus. He arched back straight up as the vibrating device hit home on his sensitive prostate. His cock twitched and bounced of it's own accord with globs of pre-cum hitting the picnic blanket beneath us.

I then eased the vibrating length into my own pussy gasping at the sensations of pleasure that drifted across my body. I reached around my boyfriends muscular form and took his large cock in both hands and began stroking his bulbous head and tickling his testicles. 

He loved every touch and taste and I heard his mind voice in my own head.

"Holy fuck, I love this girl so much. How does she do this to me? I've never experienced sex-play this intense before. My balls feel like they're under so much pressure! I need to release!"

I too, was really close to cumming and worked a quick spell to ensure we both came together.

I slicked up and down the vibrating dual dildo making it bounce and bear down on Adam's prostate. We both felt our jizz rising in unison as our bodies unleashed potent orgasms in perfect sync.

I will confess to working a small temporary change to Adam's body. I increased the pressure of cum that his cock spurts out. I'd never used this spell before and I wanted to see what would happen.

My pussy spasmed on my new vibrating dual dildo whilst his cock twitched heavily and the first magically powered glob of cum soared over the picnic blanket and landed yards away. All the others also soared impossibly on the air and Adam was agape that his cumshot was so powerful.

Spent, we both lay down and cuddled each other for what felt like hours. Eventually we got cold and headed down home off the hillside; all that was left was small puddle of cum impossibly far from the piece of flattened grass where we'd had a picnic.

The next day I went to my favourite warlock's store and bumped in to Tim.

"Hey Tim!" I began brightly "Erm, are you particularly busy today, I kind of need your help?" I asked politely.

"Hey Sarah, not that busy hang on let me clear a few people out and shut up shop for you." He said kindly.

"Thank you so much" I gushed, Tim was still really good looking and memories of his gargantuan cock were still strong.

Soon we were both alone and the shop was shut up for the time being.

"So, what's up how can I help you?" Tim asked honestly.

"I need to scry to see the future and I need to gather certain ... products ... to do so." I said nervously "but I don't want to suck dozens of guys off to get what I need." I said leadingly.

"So you want me to help you by harvesting my sperm" He said with a grin.

Once again I was taken aback by the frankness of this warlock - usually the stuffiest of the magical humans!

"Yes, with your permission I'll cast a spell so you can produce enough cum for my spell." I said smiling back at his grin.

Tim smiled broadly and retrieved a collection jar, bigger than the last one I'd bought, and sauntered over to kiss me fully on the lips. I smiled into the kiss and returned it eagerly.

I will hasten to add that witches have different taboos about infidelity to normal humans. Unless it's necessary for a magical spell you must remain faithful to your chosen. IF you do need to harvest magical substances, then you might as well have with it!

His hands rubbed up my hips and to my slender waist and swiftly divested me of my clothes. When I opened my eyes I was startled to see that he was naked and incredibly hard. He must have sensed my surprise because he said.

"What? Witches aren't the only ones who can work magic!"

I laughed out loud at this beautiful magical human and I squatted down and cupped his balls and began to cast my spell to increase the volume of sperm he can produce in a single orgasm. Tim shivered and shuddered as my spell boosted his arousal ten fold. He felt a vicious need to fuck and cum so he grabbed me and lifted me up.

He stuck his tongue in my slit to ensure it was wet and he slapped me down sharply on the counter facing him. He hooked my legs over his shoulders; lined up his mammoth cock and plunged in. He smacked his hands down on my hips held on tight and had at it. HARD. He was like a fucking machine, our bodies smacking together with his deep grunts punctuated by my higher pitched squeals of pleasure.

It was wonderful animalistic sex. Sweating and grunting and giving in to the pleasure of our bodies. That wonderful warlocks cock had me spasming in a near continuous orgasm.

Abruptly he stopped and pulled his thick dick from my cunt.

He reached behind the counter and pulled a massive jar out and opened it and I watched as slippery lube cascaded over my chest. He then mounted the counter as well so he was straddling my narrow waist with his large cock perfectly fitted to the valley of my now lubricated tits.

I got the jist and squeezed them tight over his flared cock head as he fucked my boobs with abandon. His powerful hips jolted forwards and backwards and I could see his cock head alternately appearing and disappearing between the soft flesh of my chest. I licked the tip as it appeared to add to the sensation.

Tim threw his head back and bellowed as I felt his balls tighten slowly, I moved and grabbed the collection jar and gripped his sensitive glans tightly in my fist and pumped him to finish him off.

His shouting intensified and his body shuddered out of control as his magically enhanced balls unloaded a river of cum into the jar. His dick slit issued a never ending stream of cum into the 2 litre vessel. His dick muscles spasming and jerking as his balls ejected their unnatural load.

It was amazing to watch and when Tim finally finished and calmed down he confessed that I'd given him the best orgasm of his life. I grinned happily at my magical colleague and left with my prize.

At midnight that same day; once again I stood naked in my living room casting the spells I needed to see into the future.

The clouds of time cleared and I saw everything I wanted to know.

I saw a small house in my village and an older Adam strode purposefully out of the front door. He looked rugged and handsome as ever and clearly hadn't lost any of his muscular physique. He looked as if he were headed to work in the village.

My view blurred and shifted and I saw myself sat at the head of a table surrounded by two pretty young girls whom I concluded to be my daughters with Adam. I was speaking to them about the spells passed down to me by their mother and her mother before them.

My view blurred again and I saw myself taking Adam's cock in my mouth in the woods near the village. I saw him fucking me between my tits in the kitchen of my mum and dad's home in the middle of the night. I saw his face buried in my clitoris and heard my screams of pleasure. I saw us fucking in every single room of our new house.

All in all, I saw a potent sex life coupled with the quaint family life I had always wanted.

I broke the spell happy that Adam would become the man I took home, my prize of a successful hunt!

There was just one spell left to work before I could move home with my new man and I knew the perfect time to work it.