 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

*****

I had seen my future with Adam and it was exactly what I'd wanted and dreamed of for years.

All I needed to do was work my final spell and that future would be made real.

I needed to talk to Clara and Tim, my closest friends here in London. I called them both and asked them to meet at the warlock store. As I walked in both Clara and Tim were there, chatting amicably over the counter.

"Hey guys, how's everything?" I asked cheerfully.

"Great actually, I cast a new spell to make Matt last even longer in bed and I have certainly been enjoying myself!" Clara gushed, clearly very happy with the latest turnout.

"She also helped me out with a girl I've been dating. Her new tits are now the perfect size!" Tim beamed.

"You must have used up almost all of your magic on those two spells." I looked at Clara, concerned for my friend.

"It's no problem, between the magical donations from Matt and Tim, I'm good." said Clara, miming giving a blowjob.

"Ok that's good to know." laughing at Clara's increasing dramatic mimed blowjob technique!

"Look guys, I've found him. Adam is the guy for me and it's time for to take my catch back north to my village." I began, nervous as if I was breaking up with my friends.

"You can come and visit and I'll make sure to come back to London and see you both" I continued.

"Sarah, it's ok. We figured you'd head back home with Adam anyway." Clara assured me.

Tim nodded again and added "I am going to miss having you around though. We had some really fun times together." he winked at me with a grin.

Clara looked thoughtful and suddenly walked off to the front of the shop and we could hear her shooing people out of the door. After a moment there was an audible click as she locked the door and strode back to the counter.

She pointed at me and said forcefully "you are not going anywhere until Tim and I have had our fill of your sexy body."

I broke out into a full on smile; it looks like I was in for a fun afternoon. I looked over at Tim who had worked his favourite spell as he was already fully naked.

"You love getting naked don't you Tim?" I asked, laughing.

"I look good naked, why wouldn't I like it?" he asked as he came around the counter and began to help me undress. I took in his tightly muscled form and heavy hanging penis and couldn't help but agree with him.

By this point Clara had stripped down to reveal she was wearing some particularly sexy underwear. Her golden-yellow skin was clad in hot pink lacy boy-shorts and her enormous orbs were propped up in a see-through demi-bra.

Tim gathered the material of my lycra leggings and pushed them down my long, toned legs revealing my pert bubble butt which he playfully smacked. Clara stood in front of me and brought my tank top up over my head and my tits wobbled as they sprang free of the material.

Clara and Tim must have discussed this beforehand because they both pushed me towards the counter and lay me on my back so my head hung backwards over the counter. Clara climbed up, lay on top of me and started kissing and nibbling my nipples whilst Time moved to stand in front of me.

Understanding dawned on me and I reached up to feed Tim's mammoth dick into my mouth. I even managed to mutter a spell to make my mouth salivate more than normal so it was nice and slick for him to face fuck me. 

Tim's member, now fully engorged, was slipping in and out of my tight orifice nicely. Clara by this point had worked her way down to my pussy and started licking. Fuck it felt so good to be used like this. It made me feel so sexy.

I heard Clara chanting and wondered what she was up to. I felt a shock shudder through my body as she had once again enlarged her tongue, however, this time she had made semi-firm bumps on her tongue to further stimulate my inner channel.

I was in heaven, pleasuring a big dick and being pleasured by a magical tongue. My orgasms rolled over me like waves on the sea shore. I writhed and wriggled and moaned and groaned as my pussy soaked Clara's face and Tim grew stiffer as his balls roiled in pleasure.

Tim started bellowing and pulled his cock from my mouth and sprayed my face and the top of my tits with his salty load. Clara came up for air and cleaned his cum off me with her magically grown tongue. No doubt she was saving that for some spell later!

Tim was still not spent so he spun me around, now I was on my back looking up at Clara's body whilst my hips hung over the edge. Tim moved his massive member and lined it up with my now sopping cunt and plunged in with one fell swoop.

Whilst Clara's tongue felt incredible, there was still no replacing being filled up with hard cock and I groaned with appreciation.

Clara then straddled my face whilst facing towards Tim and I then returned the favour and went to town on the dark folds of her sweet tasting pussy.

Clara clearly needed a release because her orgasm was almost immediate. Her flesh jiggled as she lost control of her body and came hard on my face, squirting and soaking my skin.

At the same time she grabbed Tim's face and pushed it into the canyon of her massive tits and Tim lost it. He fucked me like the world was going to end in thirty seconds. I was utterly jack hammered by that boys steel shaft. The wet smacking sound of our hips colliding filled the small shop punctuated by the high-pitched squeals of Clara's pleasure.

Clearly Tim couldn't take much more as I felt the strong muscles of his cock pulse once again as he filled my pussy with his cum. Clara squealed one final time and we all sagged in a post-orgasmic sweaty heap.

I was the first to speak "you guys had that planned didn't you?"

"Of course we did, like we'd let you go without getting one last fuck out of you!" Said Clara with a wicked grin on her face.

We cleaned up and Tim re-opened the shop. We said our tearful goodbyes and promised to keep in touch.

Now, I needed to make Adam mine forever.

I got back home and called Adam and asked him to come over tonight for dinner. He readily agreed and I set about making my preparations.

I began cooking and casting spells simultaneously. The food we were going to eat would do several things. It would give Adam the ability to cum repeatedly, which would be necessary to complete the spell. It would heighten both of our arousal to incredible levels. Finally, by the time we finished eating it would have opened up the doorway to our souls.

Tonight I was going to use my magic to bind mine and Adam's souls together. In witch culture this is the ultimate act of love and is the magical version of lovers vows during a wedding ceremony.

In binding our souls together it would cement our love for one another and have several physical benefits such as always knowing where the other is, knowing if they are safe and unhurt and finally, it would ensure that we always orgasm together, at exactly the same moment.

Adam arrived exactly at 8pm and he had covered his delightfully muscled body in tight blue jeans and a loose fitting shirt. He had kept up his dedication in the gym and had a fully fledged six pack capped by smooth domes of chest muscle. His arms had grown wonderfully and he could easily support my weight during our more acrobatic sexcapades.

He greeted me by wrapping his arms around me and cupping my tight bubble butt in his strong hands and we made out passionately for a few moments. We broke away from each other and moved towards the kitchen and sat down at the dinner table.

I don't particularly remember what we ate or what we talked about; that's a side effect of the spell. I just remember a growing, burning desire to fuck Adam senseless. It was like the build up to an orgasm in every muscle of my body, growing and building and engorging.

By the time I had consumed the last mouthful I couldn't wait any longer. Adam's foot was incessantly stroking my round calf muscle under the table and he had that look in his eye that told me he wanted my body.

I stood up and threw my chair back and swept all the plates off the table. They shattered on the floor (fortunately in a corner where nobody would get hurt) and I hurled myself across the table and kissed his face with hunger.

I was lying flat on the table with his face in my hands. He leaned back to get a good look at my deep cleavage and my hands instantly moved to his trousers. I needed to free that massive dick, it was time for me to get my dessert!

It sprang free, already ragingly hard. I stopped for a second and pulled my thick brown hair into a blowjob ponytail and puckered my lips over his fat cock-head.

Adam went rigid as the sensation ripped through him with an intensity he had never felt before. My soft, wet lips moved slowly further down his long shaft. I used my tongue to play with his banjo as I descended further towards the base of his dick.

Adam grasped my ponytail and gently pushed me down, more for encouragement than anything else. He knew from prior experience I can take all of his huge dick in my mouth (thanks to magic).

He was panting hard and I felt the strong muscle of his member begin to pulse.

It was as if time slowed down.

I felt the salty pre-cum ooze from his cock head.

I felt as if I could hear his scrotum go tight as his manly balls moved up to the bottom of his dick.

I felt the blood pulsing through those thick veins in his cock.

My lips brushed the hair at the base of his dick and I felt the muscle spasm in earnest as he unloaded his first cum shot of the night straight down my throat.

Adam bucked and spasmed and saw nothing but pure white light. It was a moment of intense absence of thought and it was simply beautiful.

I slurped down every drop and licked my mans shaft clean. As I sucked my way back up his cock I felt his thoughts penetrate my skull.

"That was un-real, I've never cum like that before. What the fuck? I'm still hard. I... I can cum again? I know I can. Yes! Now I need that pussy!"

Good, I couldn't wait to get my hole filled!

I slid off the table and Adam stood up. I moved over to him as he was stepping out of his trousers and I lifted his shirt up running my fingers over his hand abdominal muscles. Recently he has developed a stunningly deep V on his abs, his body leading me directly towards his manhood.

He returned the favour by unzipping my black pencil skirt and letting it fall to the ground. I was wearing nothing but a bralet on my top half and that goes on top of the pile of discarded clothes in seconds. I'm left wearing nothing but a pair of semi-see through black tights.

Adam lifted me up and bent me over so my elbows prop me up on the table. I oblige by looking over my shoulder, face down and ass up in the air. He grinned at me and grasped the material of the tights and with one powerful stroke, rips them from my body.

The flesh of my strong thighs and meaty ass jiggle seductively as the fabric is torn from my skin.

He grabbed a haunch of my flesh in each hand and probes my pussy with his tongue. Fuck! He is so good at licking pussy and he seems to enjoy it too.

He then stopped licking, picked me up and turned me around and placed my pert butt on the table and hooked each leg over his shoulder and squatted down and carried on tonging my slit.

It was wild and wonderful and I spasmed and it didn't take me long to cover my boyfriends face with my slick sex juices.

Adam, satisfied that he has returned the oral favour, stood up and his dick is still at full mast. I pulled his cock towards me and it glides into my pussy.

A few weeks back I cast a spell to match Adam's cock size to my pussy size perfectly. He stretches out every fold and his cock head just touches my cervix entrance at his deepest thrust.

It was amazing for both of us.

He had his strong arms wrapped around me and my face was buried in the nook of his neck. My long, strong legs wrapped around his waist and my arms around his chest.

We were locked together as Adam pummelled me with his big dick and strong hips.

I was in orgasmic heaven. This spell was insane, I was having a rolling wave of orgasms washing over me due to the magic coursing through our bodies.

It didn't take long for Adam to pull away and grasp his cock head and spray me liberally with his cum. Great gouts of white man juice struck my high, proud, big tits and my washboard stomach. I lay there on the table with my legs open and my pussy streaming whilst my man marked me as his with his jizz.

I quickly use the tablecloth to clean myself up as Adam's thoughts enter my head for a second time.

"Oh my god I came so much. It was my second of the night as well. I'm still hard and my dick is throbbing and I'm still so horny. I really need to fuck some more!"

I smiled my wicked smile and walked over to the sofa in the kitchen-living room of my flat.

I turned and beckoned him with a finger.

I turned back to the sofa and knelt on it facing away from my man.

I felt his strong hands stroke my ass and back.

I felt his meaty cock part my swollen pussy lips.

We fucked doggy style for what felt like hours.

Grunting.

Groaning.

Ecstasy.

Adam pulled his cock out of me.

"Stay there, keep your eyes closed." He commanded.

I heard him walk away.

I did as I was told and I waited.

My breathing slowed but my levels of arousal only got higher.

I heard him returning and kept my eyes closed.

I felt the cold slap of lubricant onf my tight asshole, not that I needed it given how wet my pussy was but I was grateful that he was being thoughtful.

His fingers probed my anus and I uttered a quick spell to relax the muscles temporarily.

I heard a loud buzz start and I stopped breathing for a second.

I felt the vibrations as Adam eased our vibrating butt plug into my rectum.

I moaned.

He then fed his dick back into my cunt.

I screamed.

We carried on fucking each other passionately and I kept cumming and cumming and cumming. It was so intense that I think I passed out a couple of times.

Adam eventually bellowed and pulled his dick out and painted my sculpted ass with his cum for the third time that night.

I reached behind me to turn off the vibrator and ease it from my ass.

We stood and embraced and kissed and we moved to the bedroom.

I lay down and took Adam in my arms and we made love gently for the last time that night. He was on top and we were entwined together. Coming down from our intense fuck united.

As we looked into each others eyes as the spell worked it's wonders and we both came together at exactly the same time.

Our souls were united as one.

We collapsed, utterly spent.

As we fell asleep I had one final thought.

"I have my catch and the hunt is over. Now I can take him home."