 This is a continuation of “A Walk through Nature” submitted in the romance category. This is also my first venture into the fantasy world of writing. If you enjoy, please vote. Positive and negative feedback is welcome. I would also like to thank Lady Christabel for doing an excellent editing job.

****

When James and Gina returned from their camping weekend, they both returned to work. Gina continued watching and admiring James. In his tailor-made suits and a well-maintained body, he was a man for whom any woman would fight. He continued his kindly ways, treating Gina as if she were a goddess. Bouquets of flowers would arrive at her desk, and after opening the first card, she knew who sent them. Her co-workers questioned her as to who sent them. She would smile and say it was her knight in shining armor. On the weekends, they would spend the entire time in each other’s arms. From the time the sun rose in the mornings, to when the moon brightly lit up the night sky, they did not separate.

When Gina missed her monthly period, she was a little worried and purchased a home pregnancy test. It showed a positive result. Gina knew it happened while camping. As she sat there, a silent tear flowing down her cheek, Gina was upset, but at the same time very happy. When Gina arrived at work the following day, James noticed a change in her and asked if everything was okay. Looking around to see if anyone was watching, Gina took James’ hand into hers, lightly kissed him, and whispered in his ear.

“I’m pregnant.”

James was momentarily speechless, but then his eyes started to sparkle in delight knowing he would be a father. His workday flew by, as he was on cloud nine. When the day was over, they purchased rings and made plans. Both James and Gina had their closest friends as witnesses and James paid handsomely so they could marry outdoors. They could not have asked for a better day. The sun shone, the weather was excellent, and the birds sang excitedly. When James and Gina were saying their vows, a pair of Mourning Doves joined them, and did not leave until they kissed.

The following months went smoothly for both of them. Gina got bigger as a new life grew in her womb and James spent all his time with her. He acted like a worried husband, babying Gina and doing everything for her. During one visit to the doctors, they discovered they would be parents of twins. Neither could have been happier. It was a very good pregnancy for her. Not once did Gina suffer from morning sickness. She also didn’t suffer from mood swings or crazy cravings. It was as if she was never pregnant, but the growing stomach proved otherwise. The only pain that she did suffer was on the day that she delivered.

Gina’s delivery was the talk of the entire hospital. James was in the delivery room with her and he continually told her about the looks on everyone’s faces. Gabriel was born first. When he came into the world, he did not utter a cry. His dark black eyes were wide open and he looked around the room at all the strange people. Michael came next, and like his brother, did not utter a cry. He looked around with his deep brown eyes, and then joined his brother at their mothers’ breast. The doctors ran tests and they only proved Gabriel and Michael were two very healthy beautiful babies. The three days they were in the hospital, they both nursed at their mother’s breast and slept.

In six months time, Gabriel and Michael were walking. In a year, they said their first words. The pediatricians tested them again, but there was nothing abnormal about the boys. These tests proved what they knew from the previous tests: Gabriel and Michael were just two very smart, healthy, growing babies.

When they were two, Gabriel and Michael were the size of someone twice their age, so James and Gina decided to go camping again. They traveled to Mount Revelstoke National Park in British Columbia, Canada. It was July, and the weather was perfect for getting out. They first hiked along the Mountain Meadows Trail where the observed meadows of Blue Monkshood, Blue and Yellow Columbine, Pussy Paws, and Wild Licorice which James dug to get to the roots. When Gabriel asked him what he was doing, James explained that you could dig up the root-like stems and dry them. Once they dried, you could chew on them. All four of them continued hiking, sightseeing, and learning. When they stopped for the evening, James picked a spot not too far from a small river. He pitched a tent for Gina and himself and helped the boys pitch their tent as well. They did a little more sightseeing close by, and then turned in for the night. 

Lying there, Gina started laughing. “What’s so funny?” James asked her.

“You remember what happened last time we went camping?”

James acted as if he was in serious thought. “Well, if I remember right this happened,” and he unbuttoned her shirt to reach in and softly squeeze a breast. 

“And a little bit of this.” He started to softly bite and kiss her neck.

“And I started to do this,” Gina whispered as she moaned while her orgasm raced through her body. They continued undressing each other, lying side by side, kissing and roaming each other’s body. When both of them were completely naked, Gina guided James’s hard cock into her waiting pussy while they still faced each other. They moved as one, while Gina lovingly rubbed her hand over James’s face; he massaged her breasts and nipples. Slowly they moved, until after a long period of time, they both felt themselves build to a climax. Biting onto his shoulder so she didn’t scream and wake the boys, Gina shook in a monster climax when she felt James shoot deep into her. When they both had calmed down, they fell into a deep sleep.

Later that night, James woke needing to empty his bladder. Still naked from the sex only hours before, he dressed quickly and walked away from the tents. After he had relieved himself, James turned and stopped dead in his tracks, holding his breath. There in front of him sat a full-grown timber wolf in the moonlight. Moving slowly, James backed a few steps and turned to walk around the wolf. There to the side sat a second wolf. Carefully looking around, he saw he was surrounded. Not knowing what to do, James stood stone still, closed his eyes, and prayed that they would walk away.

“Do not be afraid.” Turning again, James looked to see who had spoken. There was just he and the wolves. “We will not harm you.” James pinched himself to see if he was awake or dreaming. “Yes, it is I who speaks.” The wolf in front of him spoke. James stood there too stunned to speak. “We are here to tell you of a long-awaited prophecy. One that will involve Gabriel and Michael.”

“Please… Please do not harm them,” James stammered. “And how do you know their names?” 

“How we know their names is unimportant. Realize no harm will come to them, for it is said they will become one with us. They will be the voice of nature.”

“What do you mean 'the voice of nature'?”

“All I can say is what is prophesied. In their sixteenth year, Gabriel and Michael shall become one of many. They shall become shape shifters. What they may become, we do not know. What we do know is that the both of them, along with their sister, shall become the voice of nature along with others of their kind.”

“Gabriel and Michael have no sister.”

“Nine months from now, your mate shall bring forth a child. This child shall be the sister of Gabriel and Michael.”

“How do you know this?”

“I was present two years prior when you became one with your mate. I knew then what I know now.” The wolf continued. “At one time many years ago, before man crossed the great waters, we were many. We were one with nature and roamed this land from end to end. Now we are few and considered the enemy of many. The bear, eagle, fox and many others cry out, asking why. Nature is calling to a selected few, to bring forth what was once was. You and your mate shall be safe. You will bring forth your children and teach them the ways of nature. They will respect all, and know of the circle of life.” The wolf paused so James might fully understand his words. “Now that I have told you of this prophecy, Son of Man, I must go. You shall receive a token when the sun rises to remind you of what was said and what will become.” Just as silently as they arrived, the wolves turned and walked into the woods. After standing there a few more minutes, James returned to the tent and lay down beside Gina. Sleep did not come to him until hours later.

James awoke to the sounds of laughter. Looking to the side, he saw Gina dressing. Together they walked out to see what the boys were doing. Gleefully, Michael said, “Mother, Father, look! It was here this morning when we got up.” On the ground sat what looked like a small puppy, approximately a month or two old. The boys had been playing with it. “May we keep it, Mother?” Michael asked.

Gina looked at James. “May we, Father, please?” Gabriel asked. 

Gina cautioned, “We don’t know what it is Gabriel and it may be dangerous.”

“It is just a puppy and we will take care of it.” Gabriel pleaded.

Remembering last night, James agreed. “Yes you may keep it.”

As Gabriel and Michael continued playing with the puppy, Gina and James walked away to get the fire going for breakfast. “Why did you agree with them, James?” Gina asked.

“Let’s just say I have a feeling.” They continued their weekend of hiking through the Douglas fir of the park. The puppy never wandered far from the watchful eyes of the boys.

When they returned home, James took the puppy to a local veterinarian. With only a glance at the puppy, the vet asked, “Mr. Jackson. Where did you find this dog?”

“He found my boys on a camping trip this past weekend.”

“My advice is return it to the wild. This puppy is a hybrid.”

“Hybrid?”

“Yes. It's half-wolf and the other half I am not sure, but he’ll be big. When these dogs are full grown, they can be highly unpredictable. That’s why I suggested to return it to the wild.”

“I can't do that, I made a promise to my two small boys. Could you give him the shots he needs and I will take care of him if he gets out of hand.” Reluctantly the doctor continued with his examination and gave the hybrid its shots. 

A few weeks later, Gina shocked James with the news that she was pregnant again. Fighting to catch his breath, and turning white as a ghost, James had to sit, remembering about what happened when they went camping. “Hun, are you okay?” Gina asked as she rushed to his side.

“I'm fine,” James said as he finally breathed. Then, he told her what had happened that night with the wolves. After he told her the whole story, they sat there in silent.

“You may have just been dreaming James.”

“If I was dreaming, then why is everything happening just like the wolf said?”

Gina straddled his lap facing him in his chair, locked her hands behind his neck, and leaned forward so that their foreheads were touching. “I guess we'll wait another eight months to find out.” She told him.

James interlocked his hands around her waist and kissed her. “I'm just worried.”

Feeling how tense James was, Gina pulled his tie off and started to unbutton his work shirt. “You need to relax, and I know of just the thing,” Gina said as she pulled the shirt out of his slacks.

“And what would that be,” he replied with a grin.

“Well...” She said, as her hands unbuckled his dress slacks and unzipped them. “I could do this.” She shifted slightly, and her hands disappeared in his boxers to massage his swelling cock. James softly moaned as they looked into each other’s eyes. “Or I could do this.” Gina rose from his lap, closed the recliner, and knelt between his legs. She pulled his slacks down, took his cock from the confines of his boxers, and then drew the full length in her mouth. When James felt the suction she applied, he had to grab onto the chair arms to prevent his hips from leaving the seat.

Gina didn’t move for a full two minutes, and then started to bob her head up and down, taking the full length in each time she went down. When she finally felt his climax building, Gina released his cock with an audible pop and rose. She quickly undressed, dropping her clothing where she stood. After expanding the recliner to its fully stretched position, Gina straddled James’s hips again, and guided his cock deep into her. With her feet flat on the floor on both sides and her hands resting on top of his, Gina began to move up and down, his cock sliding inside her naturally lubed vagina. She moved slowly at first, and then with reckless abandonment, started to slam up and down on him. When she felt them both reach the peak of explosion, Gina slammed down on him, arched her spine, threw back her head, and screamed as both dams broke. Then, she collapsed on top of him.

Eight months later, Gina gave birth to a girl. Like her brothers before her, Mary did not utter a cry as she came into the world. James' mind returned to that night of camping. Everything the wolf told him had come true so far. But, what about Gabriel and Michael becoming so-called shape shifters? Could that be true? Only time would tell.

Shortly after the birth of Mary, Gina and James purchased a house and some land away from the city, not far from the state parks, giving everybody plenty of room to roam. James also purchased it in case the rest of the prophecy came true. He prayed it wouldn’t. Gina quit her job and home-schooled the kids.

Thirteen years passed and the boys’ sixteenth birthdays were fast approaching. The dog they had adopted was full-grown, standing a little more than three feet at the shoulders and almost six feet in length. The boys appropriately named him Dog. No one ever threatened Gabriel or Michael; for if the dog was close by, his hackles would rise and he would protect them both. He was also very loyal to Mary. Like the dog, Gabriel and Michael grew to tremendous heights and strength. Both of them stood flat-footed at six and a half feet, a full head taller than their father. Mary herself was short. She was close to thirteen and less than five feet tall.

A few days before their birthday, Gabriel and Michael became so sick Gina confined them to bed. Both complained of severe headaches and body aches; neither left their room for more than a few moments. On their birthday, they ventured out long enough to eat dinner with everyone. After they ate, Gabriel and Michael went to sit outside in the warm evening air instead of returning to their rooms.

A few hours later, Gina went to check on them. When she pulled back the blinds, she jumped back and called for James. “James, get in here quick.” James ran in from his study, and when he saw what she called for, pulled Gina back from the door. On the back porch, standing on its hind legs and towering over seven feet, was a grizzly bear. It stood there silently looking through the glass at James and Gina.

“Gabriel and Michael are out there.” Gina cried out as she clutched James. A timber wolf chose that time to amble onto the porch and stand next to the grizzly. Easily bigger, and stouter than the boys dog, it made James and Gina retreat a few more steps. Then, something completely unexpected happened. Mary walked in to see the cause of the commotion, and when she saw the bear and wolf on the back porch, opened the sliding door and stepped outside.

“Mary, no!” James cried as he jumped for her. It was too late. Mary stepped outside and closed the door behind her. Expecting the animals to maul Mary, James pulled Gina to his chest and hid her face. However, that did not happen. When Mary stopped in front of the two savage creatures, the bear dropped down on all fours and looked at her, as did the wolf beside him. Mary reached and placed her hands on each one of them.

“Oh my dear God.” James stated. Gina looked and there stood Gabriel and Michael in the spot of the wolf and bear.

The prophecy had come true.