 *This work is the sole property of the creator, Antidarius. 

*All characters are over the age of eighteen years. 

----------------------------------- 

A PALADIN'S JOURNEY - CHAPTER ELEVEN 

------------------------------------ 

11.1: Food & Sex 

------------------------------------- 

Aran lay back on the soft feather mattress, staring up at the white stone ceiling above. The sunstones in the large bedchamber were glowing softly, like small candles. Elaina was nestled up against his left side, one smooth thigh draped over his, a hand resting on his chest. Liaren was on his right, mirroring Elaina's position, and Induin was spooned up behind her sister, her hand cupping Liaren's breast as they slept. 

Under Elaina's insistence, Aran had moved up to her quarters on the top level, the entirety of which was spacious open living area. The huge bed was plenty big enough for the four of them. 

Aran was content to lie here, for now, but he knew he wouldn't sleep. Ever since his conversation with Aros, he had been connected to a source of energy that seemed infinite. Sleeping just didn't occur to him, lately. He'd certainly been more ravenous than usual in the bedroom, though his lovers hadn't complained. 

It had been a week since the battle against the Heralds, and he was eager to get moving to Dun'Arghol, but hadn't wanted to leave before Smythe and Kedron were on their feet. 

Happily, the big Paladin was up and about, though it would be a few more days until he was ready to ride again. Kedron, too, had recovered. Imella would have some scars, perhaps, but she'd been attended to by the Elves, who had extensive knowledge of herbs and medicines. She was looking much better already. 

Aran grinned as he imagined what poor Kedron was going through trying to balance his loyalty to Imella with his affections toward Lena. Kedron still believed that a man could only love one woman, but the par'vala hadn't learned yet that that was all in his mind. The girls would teach him soon enough. 

"What's funny?" Elaina mumbled into his chest. 

"Just thinking about Kedron," he answered softly, stroking her back. "He doesn't realise he can have them both, yet. Imella and Lena." 

"They will show him, I'm sure," Elaina said, idly tracing fingers around his chest. 

Aran's senses told him what was transpiring elsewhere in the Chapel. Downstairs, Elves and Humans were intermingling in a way that hadn't happened since before the War. The Chapel was humming with moans and sighs and cries of pleasure. Clothing had become something of a hindrance, and so most people were getting around naked, or very close to it. 

Aran remembered the gleaming marble halls of the Grand Temple in Caer'Maralonnia, recalled the vast seas of bodies writhing and undulating beneath the glow of the sunstones. Noroth, Elda, Dwarf, Orc, and others, all expressing the joys of passion and love beneath the one roof. 

Aran's breath caught in his throat. That memory had not been his own. Ever since he'd had access to this new power, strange thoughts and memories often floated up in his mind, things he had no way of knowing. 

It was taking some getting used to. Was it something passed down from his father? Or was the vala acting as some sort of collective conscious? The latter made sense; that was more or less how the vala worked. 

His thoughts were interrupted by a loud, obnoxious growl from his stomach. There was one thing that hadn't changed; he was still perpetually hungry. Elaina protested weakly when he gently extricated himself from the bed, but she quickly slid over and snuggled up to Liaren, content for now. 

Aran smiled as he looked down at his three loves. They were worth fighting for, without doubt. He left the room quietly and headed for the stairs down, not bothering to dress. By the feel of the rest of the Chapel, he would not be out of place in the slightest. Oroth he left leaning against the wall near the door; the blade would not be required this day. 

The second floor was mostly quiet, though he could sense souls inside some of the rooms that lined the long hallway. Aran picked up Kedron's presence as he passed one door, and he stopped for a moment. Imella was in there too, as was Lena. 

Aran chuckled softly. Seemed like Kedron had figured it out, after all. The door opened as he moved on, and he turned back, already knowing who was there. 

Lena stepped out into the hallway wearing not a stitch. She stopped in front of him, hands clasped behind her bottom, smiling up at him shyly through long lashes. Her body was as lush as Aran imagined, round-hipped and full-breasted. Her pink nipples were standing stiff, and her face and chest were flushed with arousal. Her long, dark tresses were lightly matted to her shoulders from a light sheen of sweat that glistened alluringly on her alabaster skin. 

"Hello, Lena," Aran greeted her warmly, brushing her cheek with a finger. "I trust you are enjoying yourself?" 

She nodded and giggled. "Yes, Master Aran. I was wondering if you would maybe like to join us?" 

It was tempting. She was a fine young woman. "I would love to," he said honestly. "But you should enjoy your time with Imella and Kedron. You three are good for each other." 

Suddenly Lena was upon him, her arms around his neck and her lips seeking his mouth. "Thank you!" She said between kisses. "Thank you for saving him!" 

Aran kissed her back, and his hands found her generous ass. He squeezed the soft, pliant globes firmly. "Any time, Lena," he responded once his lips were free. "Thank you for being there for him. He needs you more than you know." 

Lena stepped back a little. She was breathing hard, her breasts rising and falling on her chest. She kept her hands on his shoulders, though, unwilling to let go. "Promise me you'll let me thank you properly very soon?" 

Aran had no trouble agreeing to that. "Most definitely," he told her. "I would be mad to refuse, would I not?" 

Lena chuckled cutely. "Yes, you would!" At that, she turned and dashed back to her room, giving Aran a glorious view of her shapely bottom as it vanished through the doorway. 

"Lad's got his hands full, there," Aran muttered to himself in amusement as he moved off down the hall. Ideally, Kedron should be working hard at his lessons, but Aran had found himself unable to make the par'vala go back to training so soon after the loss of his father. 

At the behest of Kedron, a grave had been dug for Berrigan in the forest, and the four arohim had offered the Herald his last rites. The crazed man had not deserved it, but it had given Kedron closure and helped him begin to move on. 

Aran descended the stairs down to the ground floor and made for the kitchen. Each room he passed contained two or more people making love. There were more Elves in the Chapel than Rostiners, and the attractive Eryn'elda were certainly popular with the villagers. 

More than once Aran spotted a husband and wife from Rostin including a third or even fourth participant in their fun. Several times Aran received offers to join in, but he politely declined them all, instead keeping his mind on food. He'd had more sex in the past seventy-two hours than he had in the entire month previous, and while he was ever-eager for more, he suspected it might be wise to sustain his body. 

"Anarion!" An Elvish voice called as Aran passed the bath chamber. 

Aran smiled and stopped. His senses were so keen now that he could feel everything around him with very little effort. Tarien was in the bath with no fewer than four women. Three Elves and one Human. 

Aran had meant to speak with Tarien before this, but had become distracted by having Elaina back with him, not to mention Induin and Liaren. 

A moment later, the Elvish Captain stepped out into the hallway, naked as a jaybird. Water dripped steadily from his hair, nose and chin. Obviously, he'd left the water in a hurry to catch Aran. 

"Anarion," he said again, bowing deeply. More water dripped to the thick carpet below. "I wished to speak with you." 

"No need for formalities, hanno," Aran returned with a smile. "I wanted to speak with you, too, but I've been... preoccupied." 

Tarien quirked a grin. "I am not shocked by this, friend. With a woman like Elaina, there are few men that could resist. Include Induin and Liaren, and I completely understand your dilemma." 

Aran decided he liked Tarien. Even without the vala, he could tell that the Elf was brave, strong and good-hearted. The sort of fellow you could ride with into battle, or simply have a few ales, and either way he would be good company. 

"Indeed," Aran agreed. "They are very special." 

"Grace smiles upon you, Anarion, truly," Tarien said graciously. "I find myself wondering what Lady Elessir and Lord Andil would make of you. You are certainly not what I expected." 

Those names. Suddenly two faces floated in Aran's mind, and he knew them for the Lord and Lady of Ildernass, though he'd never met them himself. 

"And what did you expect?" Aran asked curiously, folding his arms and leaning against the wall. 

"Someone older perhaps, more seasoned," Tarien replied honestly. "But seeing you, I believe that you are who you are meant to be. Forgive me if I seem rude." 

Aran waved dismissively, not bothered by Tarien's frank response. He met the Elf's eyes for a moment. The wisdom of the Elves was often surprising. 

"I think we will become friends, Tarien," Aran said suddenly. Unfolding his arms, he strode forward and offered a hand, which the Elf clasped readily. "Now, what did you want to speak about?" 

Tarien released Aran's hand and folded his own arms across his smooth chest. "I believe it is time for me to move my people on," he said quietly. "Much good has been done here, between Humans and Elves, but Ildernass is where we belong." 

Aran nodded, understanding. "You must do what is right for your people, of course. When will you leave?" 

"Tomorrow, I think," Tarien answered. "I want to give them one more day to enjoy themselves. They lost many brothers and sisters recently. They deserve some happiness." 

"Yes, they do," Aran agreed. "Your sacrifices were great, Tarien, and will not be remembered lightly. Before you leave, however, I want you to talk with Ari. I think there will be some opportunities for the Elves and Humans to trade in the near future." 

Just as Tarien nodded his consent, four women emerged from the archway to the bath, naked and glistening wetly under the light of the sunstones. Three Elves and a Human that Aran recognised as one of the women that had barely escaped the clutches of the Goblins recently. 

The women advanced on Tarien, eager to get him back into the bath. Aran's cock twitched as he ran his eyes over their bodies. The Elves were lithe, pale and slender, built much like Induin and Liaren, though one raven-haired beauty was a little fuller in the hips and chest, showing her age. 

The Human woman, no more than about twenty-five years old, was a head shorter than her Elvish companions, and pleasantly rounded. She pressed her lush breasts into Tarien's arm as she grasped it. "Will you be joining us, Master Aran?" She purred as she helped the Elf girls drag a laughing Tarien back through the archway. 

"Maybe later," Aran replied as they vanished. The sounds of bodies splashing into the water followed a moment later, along with giggles and squeals. He sighed as he turned and resumed his journey to the kitchen. The sexual energy in the Chapel had not lessened a whisker. In fact, Aran thought it might be intensifying. 

More telltale moans reached his ears as he passed into the spacious kitchen with its long benches and bunches of herbs in the windows. Aran nearly laughed out loud when he saw portly Ari standing with his breeches around his ankles just inside the doorway. A slim and very naked Eryn'elda girl knelt before the innkeeper and Mayor of Rostin, her head bobbing over his crotch. 

Ari's eyes popped when he saw Aran walk in. "Forgive me, Master Aran!" He cried, trying in vain to bend down and pull his pants up. The Elf had other ideas, however, and pushed him backwards, sending him toppling back onto his ass. 

No sooner had Ari hit the floor than the golden-haired Elf was mounting him and sliding his short but thick cock into her bald slit. 

Ari started to offer more apologies to Aran, but his words melted into a pleasurable groan as he slipped inside the Elf. His hands found their way up to her petite tits, which he fondled happily as she rode him. 

Aran watched, amused at the scene and also happy for Ari, who had worked hard during these long, tough days. If anyone deserved some pleasure, it was him. 

The Elf had eyes of purest blue crystal, and she shot Aran a hungry look, but he shook his head ever so slightly. She nodded, receiving the message, and focused on Ari, planting her hands on his chest and giving him the ride of his life. 

Smiling to himself, Aran walked around the copulating pair and began to fix himself some dinner. No sooner had he started than two more Rostin women burst in and fixed him with sharp glares. 

Aran froze where he stood at the long bench, knife in one hand and side of salted beef in the other. What could they possibly be mad about? 

"You!" One of them said as she walked forward, completely ignoring Ari and the Elf bucking on the floor. "You stay upstairs for days on end, and when you finally come down, you hide here in the kitchen?!" She stopped right in front of him, pointing a threatening finger at his chest. 

Aran remembered her. She had fallen prey to the Goblins when they attacked, though she had recovered quickly. Thankfully, Goblin poison fogged the mind, which made it hard for their victims to remember what they'd done. 

Lacie, that was her name. She was very pretty, with curly black hair down to her shoulders and big, dark eyes that glittered dangerously. Her breasts were a solid handful, her belly was flat and her hips flared nicely from her slim waist. A narrow strip of hair decorated her mound. 

Aran possessed untold power, perhaps more than any other Paladin in history, but right now, he was completely dumbfounded. Before he could open his mouth to protest, the other woman barged up, her face a mirror of her friend's. 

"She's right, you know!" Brenna added. She was as pretty as Lacie with straight, flaxen hair that fell down to the small of her back, and eyes of pale blue. She was somewhat more generously rounded than Lacie, too, though she couldn't be called fat. Interestingly, her sex was completely bare. "You should've come to us!" 

Aran's confusion melted as the answer hit him. He put the knife and the meat down and turned to face them. "I understand," he began gently. "I know why you're angry, and you have every right." 

He took a deep breath. "I'm sorry for everything. I pulled you out of Rostin. I put you in danger from the Goblins. Your lives were at risk because of me. Had I been faster, maybe the Goblins wouldn't have..." He didn't have the heart to finish that sentence, lest it cause them further shame. "I know that doesn't help much. Would you like me to arrange help to get you back to Rostin?" 

"No!" They both yelled in unison, startling him. 

The rutting of Ari and the Elf on the floor nearby slowed briefly before they resumed their frantic pace. From the grunts escaping Ari's throat, he was just about at the end of his tether. 

"Then talk to me!" Aran grated, feeling into their hearts with his vala in an attempt to piece the problem together. "What can I do? I made mistakes, yes, and maybe I can't fix them, but if you would give me a chance to try, that would..." 

He trailed off as their emotions became clear, filtered through his vala. They weren't mad at him for the journey here. They were upset because he'd been secluding himself upstairs and not being available. They wanted to thank him!? 

Aran suddenly understood something else; the power of his vala to create connection had heightened significantly. Lacie and Brenna regarded him as something of a close friend, now, despite the fact he'd barely shared two words with them. He would have to be wary of this in the future, lest he cause unnecessary pain to someone. 

Not knowing what else to do, Aran stepped in and hugged them to his chest. Arms immediately came around his back, holding him tight. 

"I don't know where you came from, Aran," Lacie murmured. "But I'm glad you're here." 

"Me too," Brenna added. 

Aran stroked their hair for a time, momentarily forgetting about food. 

"And never mind about the Goblins," Lacie demanded, lifting her face up to his. "It actually was not such a bad experience." 

Aran nearly choked on his tongue. "What?" 

"She's right," Brenna chimed in. "I only remember bits of it, but those bits make me feel all hot inside!" 

Aran suddenly felt a hand encircle his cock, which rapidly hardened. A second hand cupped his balls and gently squeezed them. 

A strangled grunt came from the floor behind Lacie and Brenna, indicating that Ari had finally popped. Aran had to credit the rotund fellow; he had some decent stamina, especially considering the stunning Elf riding him. 

Lacie seized Aran's head and pulled him into a kiss. A moment later, his cock was bathed in warm, wet heat as Brenna took it into her mouth. He groaned against Lacie's lips as Brenna's tongue danced over his cockhead and licked the sensitive underside. 

When the kiss ended, Lacie stepped back a little and tapped Brenna on the head. "Up now, love! Master Aran needs to eat!" 

Brenna pulled her mouth from Aran's cock with a wet slurp and bounded to her feet, sending her breasts bouncing on her chest. "Wait here," she told him before slipping around to the other side of the kitchen and grabbing a stout wooden chair. She placed the chair behind Aran and pushed him back into it. 

Lacie turned and picked up the knife on the bench. She began cutting slices of salted beef. Aran wanted to laugh. He didn't know if he was hungrier than he was horny, or the other way around. He didn't have much time to consider it, for Brenna straddled his lap where he was seated in the chair and presented a hard, pink nipple atop a plump breast, which he promptly devoured. 

Feeling generous, Aran pushed out with his vala and gave Brenna a thunderous climax. She clutched his head to her breast and convulsed in his lap. Warm, wet fluid sprayed from her bald cunt, bathing his loins in her juices. 

Once she'd recovered, Aran lifted her slightly and then dropped her, impaling her on his rigid shaft. 

"Oh, fuck!" Brenna wailed as she slid all the way onto him. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" 

Reading her needs, Aran kept his cock at close to its natural size. He looked over at Lacie, but her back was still turned as she worked on the food. She did wiggle her bottom every now and then, just for his benefit. 

"You have to fucking try this, Lacie!" Brenna cried excitedly from where she was bouncing on Aran. "It's like nothing I've ever had before!" 

Lacie turned from the bench and grinned at her friend. "Well hurry up! I'm soaking just from listening to you two!" 

"I have a thought," Aran suggested, briefly releasing one of Brenna's nipples from between his lips. "What about Henley? He won't be far away. He could join us?" 

Lacie leaned back against the bench, and a dreamy look crossed her face. "He is very strapping," she mused. "And charming. Alright! Sounds like fun! But promise me you'll fuck me at some point?" 

Aran had no trouble acquiescing to that. "I promise. Now, give me a second here." Grabbing two firm handfuls of Brenna's ass, he guided her motions automatically while he focused on Smythe's vala, which appeared to be on the second floor of the Chapel. 

A picture painted itself in Aran's mind of Smythe laying on his bed, one arm still bandaged, but no longer in a sling. A buxom woman was standing next to the bed, slowly stroking the erect cock that jutted from the big Paladin's waist. 
