 Characters Breakdown: 

Amy Rouge - A young woman in her early 30s who was diagnosed with a terminally ill condition and has entered into a cryogenic state. The main protagonist in our tale. 

Mon'gor - Prison guard lower level Neanderthal. 

Dr. Warner - A modern day human who first awakens Amy and her guide to humanity's role in the year 2245 

Prologue 

In 2015, when the remake of Jurassic park came about, there was already some discourse on how close we've come to realizing some of these fictional concepts visualized in the movie. Jules Verne is credited for imagining much of the innovation and creation that have come to be in the 20th century. Virtually all of his imaginary vehicles and innovation that were simply beyond comprehension at the end the 19th century have come to pass and made into reality throughout the course of the 20th century. Everything from the idea of a submarine, or space travel has come to pass. The main exception that comes to mind is traveling to the center of the earth which I'm sure given the right motivation we would be eager and capable to rise to the challenge. 

History as always, having a tendency to repeat itself, has once again done so. In 2015 primitive attempts and strides were being made at the process de-extinction a process used to resurrect extinct plants and animals through cloning. At the date of the release of this movie, we've had already perfected the process to resurrect extinct plants and were in the process of working towards far more complex living organism such as mammals. 

Fast forward a hundred years and we find ourselves in the midst of the 22nd century. Humans are repeating the same mistakes we've made in the past. Inventing bigger and better toys that brings allows us to kill each other faster, better and more precisely than ever. Humanity is busily committing the oldest sins in the newest ways while spending its resources at find new and fun new sins to expand upon the much too limited repertoire of the 7 deadly sins. 

Genetic advancement is its height in the year 2245. We've brought back countless extinct species. re-populated entire ecosystems of animal life that has gone extinct through the course of the 19th and 20th century through sheer human negligence. Anything from the Buffaloes that had gone out of existence in mid 21st century to T-Rex have all being re-incarnated, studied, and destroyed. Genetic engineering has progressed to the point where you can download the genetic mapping of any species you'd like and be able to print out the raw genetic sequence in your own home. 

One of the new modern developments is the streamlining of soldiers. One of the most prominent uses of genetic engineering was discovered when we've brought back Neanderthals back to life. A fork in human evolution that was proved to be the less adapt branch of our genome that died off millions of years ago. In a modern settings though they turned out to be the perfect soldiers. They are overall mentally inferior to their homo sapiens counterparts. They are physically much stronger and in a sense are genetically predisposed to be everything every military desires. A strong powerful soldier that follows orders and obedient to a fault never questioning the validity of the choices being asked of them. They are prone to violence and war provides them with an outlet. 

War has become streamline. Factories were printing, growing, imprinting basic training that is downloaded into their psyche and sent off to fight off global and galactic wars both here on earth and on vast distance worlds where space colonization has re-ignited the same old conflicts to much more grandiose scales. 

Chapter 1 

My name is Amy. The last time I was conscious it was the 21st century. I had been diagnosed with a deadly form of Lung cancer. It had progressed to such a stage that there really was no end in sight. I married well and had no lack of experimental drugs, research centers or access to the best hospitals and doctors in the country. The problem is... I was dying and there was nothing I could do about it. I talked to Jason, my husband and we decided to undergo an experimental procedure. Thought it wasn't known to the public at the time advances in cryogenics allowed for a crude form of suspended animation. We decided to both suspend ourselves and hope that when we are awaken, that the technology would exist to cure me and save my life. 

I expected the world to have changed during my slumber. I knew that I would be awakening to a world where I knew nobody buy my sweet Jason that decided to make the journey with me. What faced me was beyond alien. 

My vision slowly cleared as I looked around. My body perfectly preserved through the decades as I slowly regain my conscious and try to get my bearing. I'm sitting up from the cryogenic chamber fully nude. In front of me is a small older man in his 40s though he looks like he's in his 60s. He introduces himself as a doctor and informs me that he took the liberty of curing my cancer. It's the year 2245. 

"who..who are you? where am I?" 

I looked around the room my gaze adjusting slightly shifting between the middle aged man that seems to have had a hard drive despite his obviously white collar background and higher level of education to... this ... man? Was it a man. He was huge!! His powerful muscles sculpted into his frame. He was easily 6'7" if not taller and his gazes seemed to be roaming over my naked body. It almost felt like if he was judging me, inspecting me and evaluating what he would do with me. My nakedness felt made me feel so much more vulnerable suddenly. 

"You're in a medical facility. We've injected you with some nanobots that should working at removing healing your body and clearing up the cancerous cells. You should be feeling weak for a few hours as your body is healing and you get a bit more adjusted to your surroundings. " Explained the elder man who introduced himself as Doctor Wagner. 

"You've been asleep for a bit over a century. Though your pod has fallen by the wayside during the Neanderthals Human war. Mon'gor is the overseer of this facility and is in charge. You're in essentially a human prison camp. We're going through some old salvages and seeing what is beneficial to the empire. Anything that isn't gets discarded in a very... uhmm.. final way. If I were you, I'd go out of my way to be pleasing to Mon'gor. Welcome to the 22nd century Mrs. Rouge. It is a modern dark age for humanity which I'm not sure we'll survive" 

"Wait..." I yelled after Dr. Warner...my head spinning with all the information .. "...What about Jason? My husband... has he been awaken." 

"He is a male human with a background in business I believe." responded D. Wagner. "He serves no purpose for the empire and would be a wasted resource. If you wish to see him again. As I said... you should aim to make yourself useful to Mon'gor and the empire. Your survival and frankly any human in this modern world is based on our usefulness. We were... arrogant. Playing gods and the universe, karma whatever you believe in hit back hard. We reap what we sow I suppose and I'm sorry to say Mrs. Rouge. You've woken to one of the darkest ages of humanity. It's slow and steady extinction where our very existence is defined by a more powerful and stronger species that we were arrogant enough to bring back for our own amusement and benefit. " sigh...shaking his head. ".. as I said.. welcome to hell. " he finished as he walked away leaving me sitting on the hospital bench nude in front of the massive monstrous 'man' known as Mon'gor. The very being who can define my very existence in this cold harsh new world on a flick of a whim. 

* * * 

I looked at Mon'gor who seemed to have no interest in providing me with any garments to cover up my nakedness. Nor did he seem to care much about hiding his obvious ogling of my naked figure. From What Dr. Warner said he.. or I suppose his kind is in charge of this new world. Feeling a bit embarrassed nonetheless. I try to cover up but fail miserable and with the cold temperature my nipples are stiff and erect. A rosy pink color adorning my areolas as he looks my body up and down still not having said much of anything. 

Seeing as he was getting an eyeful and my vain attempts to cover up were getting me nowhere I took the time to get a bearing on my surroundings and my host. Mon'gor had the features of a man in every way of the sense. He was tall, standing at 6'9" with a strong powerful build. His body was sculpted like a greek statue of ancient times. He was wearing what resembled like leather pants with a belt full of gadgets that I didn't recognize. He didn't seem at all bothered by his near nakedness as he stood in front of me. 

Are humans considered the inferior species now? What was this about the empire? Not a human empire I'm sure. Each one of his arms was powerful and muscular about as wide as my not so thighs. I'm hardly a short girl, standing at 5'6", I'm what by modern standards is an average height for a girl. Though in this new world, sitting on my little bend in front of this monster of a man feeling the his shadow cast over me. His obvious raw physical strength. I'm starting to wonder if my erect nipples have a bit less to do with the temperature and a lot more to do with the man standing in front of me. 

Finally he seems satisfied with the "goods" he adjusts his postures standing straight and commands me with a voice that leaves little room for debate to follow him. 

"Follow, this way"... not waiting for me to respond. As if the very idea that I, a tiny cute little redhead female human would question his authority never even crossed his mind. Then again, he isn't wrong either. I followed passively feel a bit odd walking barefoot fully nude and following him down the corridors out of the exam room to what will be my lodging during the transition period where they figure out what to do with me. 

Chapter 2 

It has been 200 years since i've been awake. More than that, what was it that Dr. Warner said. It was the year 2245. It has been... let's see.. 230 years? Christ, we sure as hell fucked things up. Looking in front of me at the monstrous figure in charge of my fate. Everything around me feels odd. Some of the objects I see around me are obviously advanced beyond the early 21st century, while others are...so ancient and rudimentary. Let's see Neanderthals that's what mon'gor is. They were extinct ages ago. Maybe they're only scavengers of human technology? It would explain the mix of wardrobe hybrid between the jetsons and flinstones. Then again, my gaze going up Mon'gor's powerful back. His powerful muscles moving with ease glistening in the artificial light that seems to nearly perfectly match sunlight. At least they finally got rid of that fake yellow office light I hated so much. His sculpted ass fitting snugly in his leather pants stopping just short of his knees. mmmm, okay... he'd probably break me in two, but I'm definitely liking the view in this new age. 

He turns the corner as we get to my room. A small compartment that reminds me of my days in college. It's a tiny little hole with all the conveniences required for survival and little else. 

"You obey , yes?" Mon'gor asks looking at me. 

I nod, slowly not sure what I'm supposed to obey or what will be asked of me. He steps closer with what seems to be a collar. I pull my hair back as he slips it on with an audible click. I close my eyes briefly the powerful musk that emanates from Mon'gor is almost intoxicating. An... aphrodisiac? Is there such a thing? The cold metal of the collar sends a sensual shiver down my spine. I've never properly talked to Jason about this, but I had many BDSM interests that i've wanted to explore. My last few boyfriends were definitely into much more rougher pleasures then the man I ended up marrying. I of course love Jason more than life itself, and I don't regret the choices I've made. I just wanted him to bring him closer to where some of my kinkier interests are. The mixture of Mon'gor so close to me with his powerful build. My hands lightly running over his powerful chest. I turn my hands letting my nails graze his skin that seem to have little or no effect on his skin. God...he's perfect. 

I catch myself almost moaning before I shake myself back to reality. Fuck me! There's definitely some drug going on here. I can't think straight. 

"Uhmm, Mon'gor. Can I ask you something?" 

I feel him nodding more then see him. Feeling the shadow he casts over me shifting as his large hand cups my pale ass, pulling me in towards him. 

'oooohhh...' my naked body pressed against him as I feel his ... oh god I hope that's not his bulge. 

With such a grace and ease as he was holding a little paper doll, I feel him lifting me up. A little human plaything. My legs somehow managing to wrap around him not that I needed the support. 

"You please Mon'gor now, yes? " 

Before I can manage to mouth the word no, I feel my pussy gliding against his shaft. His bulge is enormous I can clearly feel it even through his leather clothing, my pussy smearing his dark brown pants as I let out a hungry groan of desire. 

He lifts me up once more, bringing me much higher as he kisses me on the mouth. My first kiss in 200 years and I'm already cheating. Moaning into the kiss I give in to the temptation feeling his tongue dance with mine. No love, no curiosity, no shyness in the kiss. It's raw and primal. Demanding my lust and desire and claiming it as his own. I moan loudly into the kiss. My wedding ring the only thing left from the old world. Yet here I am naked and kissing this stranger. I'm not sure if it's a drug or pheromone but one thing is certain I want him! I want to answer every demand he makes and the way he's kissing me right now, I doubt I could deny him the slightest request. 

I slide my hand lower undoing his pants and boxers, reaching for my just reward...my eyes going wide as I run my hand along his shaft not seeing to find the end of it. He pulls his boxers off joining me in the nude as his cock pulsating explodes out of my hand and I end up falling on... what the fuck am I on? I look down and my eyes go wide in fear. He is built! I know that, but as it stands I have my hands on his powerful chest and my cunt lips are spread around his massive member. My entire weight is supported by his powerful cock and he doesn't seem to be the least bit uncomfortable. 

"Oh...fuckkkkkk..." My entire body is one fire as I reach up and kiss him as I reach up for his neck as my clit is brushing against his shaft... moaning in ecstacy...fuck..fuckk..fuck... 

I feel his hand reaching for my hair yanking me hard as he kisses me while his hand closes over my perky breasts demanding my submission to him. I moan into the kiss and feel my entire body shake against him as I orgasm wildly over his monstrous cock. Oh god... I won't be able to take that...but Christ I need to be fucked!! 

He's well over 12" and several orders of magnitude larger than any men I have ever been with. I've never been a slut, but nor have I ever been much of a prude. I moan softly as I let my moist pussy lips run along his still hard shaft. Mesmerized by the strength of his erection. The fact that his cock alone can support me. mmmm, god I want him. 

"Swallow" Mon'gor instructs as I feel his fingers pry my mouth open pushing two pills inside my mouth. 

He hands me a glass of water to wash it down and I look at him perplexed but do as I'm told. 

Mon'gor takes to my bed, carrying me like a little doll. I'm both amazed and aroused by his strength. He tosses me on the bed as he slowly climbs on top of me. His shadow washing over my entire body as I look into his gorgeous brown eyes with both terror and lust. Licking my lips in anticipation as my eyes steal one final glance at his massive uncut cock before it slides inside me. 

My muscles feeling oddly warm since I swallowed that pill. It still hurts but I feel him sliding inside me. Bit by bit my body adjusting. His monstrous cock taking me. I barely recognize my own voice. Feeling his powerful frame above me as he slides deeper. I moan loudly. I close my eyes trying to focus my senses. His thick veiny cock filling me completely. My tiny 'petite' 5'6" figure under his powerful weight. He maintains absolutely control as I struggle to keep up. My nails digging into his back as he barely registers them. 

He simply groans in satisfaction my next moan melts into a powerful kiss. His mouth on mine taking what is 'his'. His powerful thrusts pounding into me. His dark heavy balls slaming against my soaked pussy as I cum once again. My body convulsing over his member for the 2nd? 3rd? God... I don't even know. 

I'm barely conscious anymore as he finally orgasms and takes what he wanted out of me. The force of his seed filling me is enough to bring me right out of my dream like state. 

"Ohhh god...yesssssss.. Mon'gorrrrr"...I scream and moan as he slowly pulls out of me. My pussy overflowing with his seed as he finishes me off spraying a few more loads of cum getting my thighs, tits, and face. A final touch in my fiery red hair. 

He's barely spoken 20 words to me and I'm too exhausted to pry more into where my husband is, the state of the world or what my life will be like moving on. I feel myself consciousness waning towards a delightful dream state. My 200 year old body delighted in the experience. I'm laying in the nude with a slight glimmer of sunlight washing over my naked body the light intertwining and reflecting off the wet cum covering my body as I wander off into dreamland.