 No need for a huge lead in since I am just posting this as the next part. Copyright still applies across all postings for necromancer chronicles. But here starts book two. The prologue is in third person, so don't let that confuse you too much. It switches back to first for chapter one. 

*****

Pre-prologue - Anise

22 years ago...

It seemed all out of proportions to me, but I would not risk my babies for anything. It all started a month ago when the coven cast auguries over my unborn children, and got a very strange message. It didn't make sense to me, but I would not ignore it.

I waddled into the room, it was small, and had witch symbols, sorcerer wards, demonic wards, and angelic wards. It was sound proofed and windowless with a double bed in the corner and two bassinets. I shook my head in amazement thinking of the last few weeks as we rushed to get this done, before the birth.

The message hardly made sense, but I would be a fool to ignore it.

I took another step and a sharp pain went through my abdomen, and I felt my pants grow damp. My reaction was one of relief, I had never had twins before, I was unbelievable huge and I couldn't wait to get them out.

I called out, "It's time!"

Immediately the room flooded with my family. One by one they all hugged and kissed me, wishing me luck before leaving the room. Vince was last, with a worried look on his face.

I smiled, "Don't worry, it will all be fine," my voice confident.

He just nodded, "I just wanted to be there for you."

I kissed him and waved him out the door before I closed it tight. I was now alone. I touched the door and activated the last of the angelic wards. The floor, ceiling, and the four walls started glowing a deep white. Nothing could get in this room, not modern technology, not magic, not ghosts, not even a seer's vision from the past, or the future. I was truly alone.

I made my way to the bed and prepared the spells in my mind. It would be difficult but I would have to give birth to my twins alone, with no one else. For a human this would be incredibly dangerous, but I had done this more times than I remember, and I had angelic healing to help me along.

Still, I was a bit sad, I wish Vince could be in here to share the moment too.

I thought again of the strange message, struggled to make sense of it despite the clarity of the warning. It was short, and very specific.

Let none know who is first born.

So here I was, on my own. No one would ever know, and I would hold it in my heart forever.

I grunted in pain as another contraction hit me, and I pulled my magic around me to lessen it. My children wouldn't be long in coming now, I was almost ready...

Prologue

Four years ago...

Feinir looked intently at the warlock, "What have you found?"

The warlock shook his head negatively, "You?"

Feinir said in a frustrated voice, "No, it doesn't make sense, no seer can view the birth and I tried many, even with the hair we managed to get our hands on. The information is blocked. We must figure this out another way before the pivotal moment."

The demoness stood, "We could spy on them more closely, surely the first born will reveal him or herself at some point in action or deed."

Feinir frowned, "Maybe. All indications so far are they are very similar in temperament to their parents. If someone told me one of them was destined to break the human race I wouldn't believe them, not without the prophecy. But if we could get a spy close enough, maybe they will pick something up."

The warlock nodded, "I have someone in mind. I'll get right on it. Although..."

Feinir nodded at him to continue.

He said, "We may want to throw some obstacles at them, see what they are made of under pressure. People almost always show their true selves when in danger."

Feinir growled, "Not yet, if we meddle we may screw up the prophecy altogether."

The warlock snorted, "If not for our meddling those kids would never had been born."

Feinir replied, "Perhaps, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be cautious, we have one chance to get this right."

The warlock smirked, "Are you truly that afraid of the humans?"

Feinir glared, "Do not mock me. You are a tool I would hate to lose, but don't forget you reached expendable status forty years ago when you knocked up your hoar here."

The warlock glared, but held his tongue. He knew better than to anger the ancient fae.

"But why? Why do you fear them?"

Feinir considered the question for a moment. It was something he had kept from them all this time, he didn't trust them.

It was hard to believe one of those kids could do something the entire Fae realm could not, but it was true, confirmed not only in prophecy but by many seers.

It probably wouldn't hurt to tell, but the being didn't want to risk it. He was here to ensure the fae realm's survival. It was too important and enough was given to chance as it was. The humans were too close to the knowledge they needed to cross realms. That would be a disaster. They already had all the pieces to formulate the unified theory, the theory of all, it was pure chance none of their scientists had figured it out yet.

And when they did, Feinir had no doubt it would end in war. The humans were still barbaric and feared the unknown. They would strike out in their fear and he couldn't allow that to happen. The fae were an ancient race with incredible magical power. But the humans had fearsome weapons, and worst of all, iron. The fae didn't stay out of the cities because they liked nature, though they did. The fae couldn't tolerate the cities, their magic would be erratic, and may even become harmful to its owner.

The only protection the fae truly had now was that humans could not cross realms.

The prophecy was the only way to keep humanity in its place, and they had arranged things in a way to bring it to fruition, yet they were somehow blocked from critical information.

If they were to win, keep the fae safe, the first born must live, but the second born must die...

Feinir said, "Perhaps one day, but I will not tell you yet. You do not need to know."

The warlock looked disappointed, but nodded his head before leaving.

Feinir thought through the prophecy one more time, looking for any clues even though he knew there would not be. The seers all agreed, the firstborn would cause the fall of the human race, though, they did not know how. And that would only happen if the second born was not around to stop it...

If the spy failed for too long a time, he may need to reconsider the warlock's idea.

But for now, he would watch...

 

Chapter 1 - Hope

Present.

I walked through hallways in the hospital, following Carol. I looked at my cell phone for the time, I was going to be late for my pre-med class, but this seemed more important. I couldn't hear anything, not from where I was, but I could see the real world as a ghostly echo.

It seemed strange to me at first, having the ability to heal, and going to medical school. But my mother, who knew absolutely freaking everything, had convinced me. Knowledge is important, and I could agree, grudgingly, but did I really need to learn everything? My homeschooling had been very intense.

I asked gently, "What happened Carol?"

The ghost turned to me with tears in her eyes, and then turned away. For a moment I thought she might not answer as the seconds dragged on. When Carol had turned up in my dorm room she was hysterical, and swearing to do anything I wanted if I would help.

Much like my father, I charge ten years for a service. Sometimes, when it's just plain the right thing to do, that makes me feel a little guilty. But her service did not include satisfying my curiosity.

Carol whispered, "It was stupid, Joey and Tara, my children, were fighting in the backseat and wouldn't listen. I got frustrated and started yelling at my husband. He got distracted... the truck, he didn't see it."

With a small burst of energy, I took her hand and squeezed it. Really, it was the best I could do. The best anyone can do, in a situation like this. Well, except I'd be making sure the rest of her family didn't follow her into death.

She led me into the room and I didn't detect anyone close by. I stepped out of limbo and into the hospital. I didn't really understand how I do it. My parents couldn't, but my brother and I could cross realms like a human walks through a door, we just do it.

The rest of her family was on life support, and when I scanned their bodies it didn't look good, although the youngest, the boy, might have pulled through on his own. I summoned my immortal power, it wasn't the white of my mother's, or the dark shadow of my father's. It was a bright and deep gold.

My parents had started calling it my immortal power, to differentiate from my necromancer power. Because there was no name for me and my brother, we were unique. Sometimes I thought that was cool, sometimes I was sure I shouldn't be. The name simply came from the fact both demons and angels are immortal.

I walked to each of them, setting a slow healing on them, then pain blockers. It would still hurt as they slowly recovered over the next two to three weeks, but not nearly as much. It seemed cruel, but it had been made clear to me that the humans who knew nothing of us, freak out when things like instant healing occurs.

I gave Carol a half smile, "They will be fine in a couple of weeks, and I've blocked most of their pain."

She asked, "What now?"

"Simple, I bind you and you can watch over your family if you want, until I call you."

She nodded then shook her head, obviously overwhelmed by it all.

I gathered my necromancer power and formed a link to her soul. I wasn't smiling anymore. It was something I could not help but take seriously. This woman would quite literally do anything I commanded now. Anything.

I awkwardly said goodbye, stepped into limbo and transported to the building that had my pre-med class. It didn't take long to find a spot with no people or cameras, and then I stepped out of limbo and made my way into the lecture room. I was only five minutes late, but I still hunched down, taking a seat in the back as quickly and quietly as possible.

Today was the Wednesday before thanksgiving, and my last class before the four day weekend. I was looking forward to going home for a long visit after the party tonight. Towards the end of the lecture professor Mendez asked me to stay after class. I wondered what it could be about, but gave up after a bit.

After class I collected my things and walked over to his office. He was only a few moments behind me and let me in, closing the door behind us.

Professor Mendez looked at me and said after sitting down, "You're one of my best students, I was just wondering if you had looked into any med schools yet?"

I sat down and said, "I'm trying for Harvard or Stanford, my grades are good enough but..." I trailed off.

He said, "Well maybe we can do each other a favor, I have a few friends in Harvard, I could send them a recommendation letter. You certainly do have the grades for it."

I frowned, "And this favor?"

He shrugged, "Come now Miss Jones, you're an incredibly beautiful, and smart, young woman."

At that, I was kind of pissed off and amused at the same time. Mr. Mendez was still an attractive man at close to forty. I'd have probably slept with him if he'd simply hit on me, which is what was amusing. I was pissed, because there was no way in hell I'd be blackmailed or bribed into sex. 

I knew I was attractive. I had my mom's golden blonde hair and blue eyes. I was a bit taller at five foot six, and my D cup breasts had been attracting men's eyes since I was sixteen. Still, that was no excuse. On the other hand, I really wanted that recommendation.

I smiled at him and slightly tilted my head to the side. Some strands of hair fell across my face and I pushed them back. Ok, so I was sending signals I had no intention of following up on, but he deserved it.

I said happily, "There are many different kinds of leverage Mr. Mendez. How about you send that letter just based on my GPA and we call it even. I won't even mention you tried to bribe me for sex. Just out of curiosity, are you a superstitious man?"

His face grew closed and angry at my words, "You'll regret refusing my generosity miss Jones."

I nodded. "So, my leverage, call me when you've sent the letter, and well, I'll make sure it stops."

I felt a stab of guilt, I shouldn't be doing this to a human, but still, he deserved it. I wondered how many desperate students he's pulled this on. I stood and walked out as I went over my options. I decided on Bree. She was one of my older ghosts, and she kind of mothered me a lot. I was sure I wouldn't have to do much persuading. Bree would be outraged on my behalf.

When I got done with my silent conversation with Bree, I was sure the next twenty four hours would be hellish for Mr. Mendez. Stuff disappearing and reappearing, shoe laces untied, tripping over nothing, strange sounds, basically a good old fashioned haunting. My only caution was it couldn't cause any permanent harm. I fed Bree enough necromantic power to effect the world around her to a certain degree, but not enough to become visible. Sometimes it was good to be me.

"Hey gorgeous, going my way?"

I turned and couldn't help a smile when I turned to look at Robbie. He was human, but also one of my best friends in college. Maybe we were a little more than friends, I had tried dating humans before, and it just didn't work once it got to a certain point. But Robbie and I clicked on a casual level perfectly, he was a great guy.

He was also very easy on the eyes. Six feet tall, toned muscles, short blond hair and blue eyes. 

"Which way is that?"

He shrugged, "The dorm, need to ditch my books and pack a few things before the party."

I nodded, "In that case, I am. I'm ready for the break."

I lived in a dorm because I decided against joining a sorority. It would have been fun no doubt, but there were oaths, and lifelong bonds. In just a few years I would stop visibly aging. It just didn't feel right to give an oath I knew I couldn't keep. It was bad enough knowing I would need to limit my connection with the humans I met here to ten years or so.

Once I learned to modify my age like mom, I'd be able to live a whole lifetime among humans, and then move on to start again. But that wouldn't be for a while.

We walked together over to the dorm in a comfortable silence. He dropped me off at the door to my floor before going up to his, we would see each other later. I dropped off my books and checked the time, it was just after five. I had plenty of time to eat before getting ready. I looked over to my roommate whose nose was buried in her laptop and hadn't even heard me come in.

"Kristi!" I grinned when she jumped, "Want to grab a bite to eat?"

Kristi was a human as well as my best friend in college. In fact, the whole school was human for the most part. The only exceptions were my brother Vinnie, and a few others who I hardly knew. 

Kristi muttered, "Sure, just a sec," as she zoned out again.

Kristi was wicked smart, she was a year younger than me having graduated high school early. She had a slim figure with large D breasts, long light blonde hair and grey eyes. She could change from adorably cute to killer sexy with the way she held herself. She wasn't the typical cheerleader type though, far from it. She was more like the absent minded professor.

I waited a minute then lightly put my hand on her shoulder. Not to hurry her up, just so she wouldn't actually forget I was there. She looked up in surprise, and then turned on adorable. I was almost positive she didn't do it on purpose, it was more like a programmed response.

"Sorry," she clicked the save button and hit standby, "Let's go. Have you seen Vinnie today?"

I answered as we left the room, "Nope, but he should be at the party. Everything okay with you two?"

She and my brother had been seeing each other on and off over the last few months since the semester started. I wasn't sure what to think of it but it seemed to work for them.

She shrugged, "It is that I know of, you know how guys are. I haven't talked to him in a couple of days."

This was what I was afraid of. Do I defend my brother, or commiserate. At least my relationship with Robbie doesn't have that issue. Vinnie hates him for some reason.

"Plans for this weekend?" I deflected.

She shook her head, "My mom is still overseas."

The moment felt awkward, she was my best friend. I should be inviting her to come home with me right now. Humans were shielded from our world, so didn't react well if they spend too much time in my house. Too many things that they would sense but can't put their finger on, or understand. Then of course, there is Ray and Claudia. My half brother and sister regularly ran around as wolves in the yard most days. Ray was twenty two and would be home from his college, Claudia was just nineteen, the baby in the house, and she hadn't gone to college yet.

Actually, I was pretty sure she was a stripper. Werewolves were very... sexually orientated.

Another problem, most of the human friends that have visited me kind of think we are all freaks. My mom, Kim, Aunt Lisa and Amy who is strangely enough my niece, are all in a relationship with my father at the same time. Amy had been born over two centuries ago to my mom's daughter from a previous marriage making me Amy's Aunt even though I was like, two hundred years younger. That didn't even count the witches who visited on occasion.

They tried to hide it, but the difference in my father's aura had when he fed was quite obvious. Once I was old enough they didn't even try to hide it anymore.

The most damning thing though, was they all looked a couple of years older than me. Even Kim who was a mortal werewolf looked around twenty five even though she was closer to fifty or more. My brother might also kill me, since I know he is seeing Tanya, a young witch from Willa's coven, when he is home from school.

Despite all these reasons, I still felt like a total shit not inviting her.

Great friend I turned out to be. I deflected an awkward conversation into another that was even more awkward. Damn it. I sent one of my ghosts to ask dad if it would be feasible. He was the only choice, the only other necromancer in the family. Maybe we could figure something out. I knew Mom's magic could artificially age people, the werewolves could go off somewhere to change and the rest was weirdness within the realm of possibility.

Of course, my brother was going to kill me, especially if Tanya stopped by.

We went in to eat and I sensed other supernaturals. Talia, Alex and his girlfriend Mia were eating at one of the tables. I returned Talia's wave as I went up to get food, ignoring the glare that came from Mia. I had tried last year to be friends with them, but it didn't work out. Mia liked drama too much, and something about Tania just felt off.

My ghost came back and gave me the thumbs up. The tension drained from me as I followed Kristi to an empty table. I was also told a car would be ready for me in the parking lot with the key left on my bedside table at home so I could summon it. I hadn't even considered that part and sent a silent thanks to dad, teleporting seemed so natural...

"Kristi, you want to come home with me? I have to warn you though, I have a big family, and they're a bit... unconventional."

Kristi raised her brow, "Are you sure?"

I nodded, "I'd love to have you, but just remember I warned you. Oh, and the house is haunted," I winked.

It was true after all, between my father and I we were hosting over two hundred ghosts that could drop in almost any time, and quite a few that never left. Even though I started earlier than dad, about thirteen, only about a fifth of them were mine. Forty or so over the last nine years, I wasn't nearly as dedicated to collecting at least one a month as he was.
