 Chapter 11 - Hope

I was feeling a little paranoid this morning as I ate breakfast. My mind was flitting through all the people I knew. Students, teachers, the guy at Kroger bagging groceries...

I had been so confident in my assassination plan. To be fair it had worked fairly well at first, but they had responded much more quickly that I had expected. The enemy was far from stupid and I had underestimated them badly and almost paid a heavy price. On top of that the more I thought about the Robbie and Rafe connection the more I was sure they were the same person.

It all added up to one thing, I was horribly naïve, or at least, I had been.

It had me going back through my life questioning everything, wondering how many of the people around me had been spies. I knew madness lay down this mental spiral. I had to push all this crap down and depend on my new outward focus and reading the people around me. I just wondered if my new discernment would be enough.

I could hardly blame the party girl who knew nothing of Feinir or my grandfather's machinations for not noticing things. But still, it made me feel... angry and violated. Worse though, I still wasn't sure what I would do if Robbie showed up. He had seduced me in order to spy on a new type of human. I was something unique that he needed to gauge as a threat. 

He had also said he loved me.

Was I foolish to believe that? Did that mean I was still horribly naïve? My impulse was to run to mom and dad for support, let them help. But they led the community, and I would forever regret it if I let self doubt push me down that path. I might as well hunker down with Ron in his mother's basement.

Without my brother, Bree, and my best friend Kristi, I think I would have lost it by now. I took a moment to meditate and push all that down, it wasn't going to help me or anyone else. 

Vinnie broke my internal pity party, "Kristi told me Feinir is back at his home, do you want to go after him now?"

I considered that and shook my head.

"Let's wait for this evening. I need to... deal with something else." 

I felt guilty about Professor Mendez, I needed to make that right if I could. 

I made a face, "I also don't want to miss classes. I know measuring college class against a timeless plot doesn't make much sense. But it's the principal of the thing. I don't think we should put our lives on hold."

Vinnie shrugged, "You're probably right, but missing a class or two won't kill us."

I put on my best mom voice, "It's a slippery slope young man. Miss one class and it will be much easier the next time something comes up. You must meet your responsibilities with tenacity and dedication!"

Anise said from behind me in an amused voice, "Well said."

Oh crap, busted, so much for me noticing everything around me from now on. My pity party had me all self absorbed again. Of course, it was easy to let down my guard at home, the wards and my mother's reputation made me feel safe. Still, I gave myself a mental nudge to work on it. I knew eventually it would just be there automatically, always, but for now paying attention to my surroundings took conscious work.

Kristi provided a welcome distraction, "I agree, Feinir isn't going anywhere we can't find him, and I need to keep up my grades. Magic is great and all, but I need good grades to get a job later. It is important, it could affect my whole life."

That was sort of true. She was becoming part of the family though. I didn't think she knew money wouldn't be an issue... ever. Still, I had no intention on depending on that fortune either.

Vinnie grinned, "Fine, you win. I don't have a chance against you both."

After breakfast I took a moment to arm myself mentally and we went back to the college. The weather had taken a cold turn and the air was crisp. I could see my breath fog in the cold. The cold didn't really bother me, but it did force me to change how I dressed so I wouldn't stand out. I had on a pair of black jeans, a light blue sweater and a black wool long jacket.

My morning classes went by and I didn't pick up any signs of hostility or out of place curiosity. I was trying to find that place in between vigilance and paranoia, and make sure I stayed on the side of vigilance. 

When I got to my pre-med class the professor seemed different. Mendez wasn't as nervous. In fact he had a confidence that seemed to almost border arrogance. I was hoping this meant what I did would blow over. After class I went down for a word with him.

Professor Mendez said, "Ahh yes, miss Jones. I have that time for our meeting today. Say four PM in my office?"

I was hoping to be home and getting ready for Feinir at that time, but nodded and said, "See you there sir."

I didn't get the sense he was afraid at all anymore. All I could really read was that Professor Mendez was feeling confident, inquisitive, and looking forward to our meeting. It had me burning with curiosity, because I couldn't tell why at all.

When I got to the dining hall I grabbed lunch and sat across from Kristi.

"Hey, where's the shadow?"

She gave me a look and then shrugged before explaining.

"He went to meet Alicia, she needed help with something to do with the pack and he has a couple of hours before his next class. He wasn't sure if he'd have time tonight."

I smiled, "We should do something soon. A girl's night. Seriously I don't think we've gone out without Vinnie in the last couple of weeks."

She grinned, "Sure, where to?"

I replied, "Not sure, anywhere, on the planet at least. Anywhere you always wanted to go but couldn't before you got your magic? Or we can just hit a club in the city if you're not feeling touristy."

Kristi looked both thoughtful and cute, "I do want to do the world tourist thing, but I have no idea where to start."

We spent the rest of lunch discussing places we could go from the Grand Canyon, the Great Wall of China, major world cities and museums, the pyramids. It was a long list. In the end though we thought those trips should be with our significant others as a group. We would just go clubbing for girls night out.

After my classes I went by the dorm to catch up with some people. I hadn't spent much time there the last ten days and I was feeling out of touch. I was changing, and for the better, but I didn't want to lose touch with people either.

When it got close to five I made my way over to the medical building and went up to my professor's office. This was the latest I had ever been here, and there wasn't anyone else around. It made me a little nervous and I decided to take care.

I knocked on the door and was told to come in. I opened the door and looked around, Professor Mendez was sitting behind his desk, and there was no one else here. He gestured to the chair and I took a seat in front of him.

Professor Mendez raised an eyebrow at our silence, "Miss Jones, you asked for this meeting. What did you need?"

He seemed almost smug, as if he knew something I didn't.

I said cautiously, "Just wanted to make sure we were okay. I regret how awkward our last meeting ended, and hope you don't hold anything against me."

He chuckled, "No Miss Jones, if that is indeed your name. You want to hear something funny?"

I was about to answer when he lifted his hands up onto the desk. He was holding a gun. I had never considered anything like this happening. I had forgotten what I had been taught. I had forgotten why we were never supposed to let humans interact with our magic if at all possible, especially as a target and not just a witness. Humans feared what they didn't understand, and a human's response to fear was generally to destroy or kill the source of it.

I replied, "Sure, what was funny?" while I stared at the gun.

I was ready to shield, but held back. He wasn't pointing it at me and he seemed calm.

He leaned back in his chair looking relaxed, "Now don't laugh at me. But when we had our little encounter I had seriously thought you were a witch. I know it sounds quite absurd, but I was sure I was a victim of evil magic. I came to my senses however. After all Miss Jones, there is no such thing as magic."

That... was the last thing I expected to hear. I swallowed and looked at the gun to suppress my laughter. If he doesn't think it was magic then... what?

I replied, "Sounds understandable, I regret what passed between us."

He nodded, "Once I came to my senses, I decided to find out what was really going on. Doctor Norris, can you tell us what you found out about the hair I sent you?"

He turned his laptop ninety degrees so we could both see it. He had Skype open and connected. Someone had been listening to us the whole time. Doctor Norris was a woman in her thirties. She had short brown hair and brown eyes. She had a very curious look on her face.

Doctor Norris said, "It's fascinating really, it is mostly human DNA, but there are parts of it that are clearly... not."

Fucking damn it to hell. I'd really screwed up.

I cleared my throat, "I see, and you think that means?"

Professor Mendez chuckled, "You are some kind of alien human hybrid Miss Jones. Before you try anything you should know that besides this gun... I have documents ready to be sent to the government should anything happen to me. Not to mention Eva here is out of your reach."

I felt relief wash over me. At least he hadn't gone to the government yet. I wasn't sure why that was. I imagine he probably didn't want to be shut out of his discovery. I really didn't know what to do and I felt guilty for not telling anyone about my screw up. I steeled myself and sent Bree to Kristi, maybe she could find Eva Norris for me. I fed Bree just enough energy to become visible if she wished too so they could communicate. I needed to learn the extent of damage before I did anything though.

I swallowed, my mouth was dry, "So... have you told anyone else and what do you want?"

God, this was so embarrassing, more so because it was dangerous.

He smiled coldly, "It's simple really. You'll let us run tests on you and we will get credit for discovering a real alien. We will of course claim our subject escaped and let you keep your secret. We are not paranoid people, if you were an invader you wouldn't be a pre-med college student."

I could tell he was lying, he had no intention of ever letting me go, only using me until he had what he wanted...

I grinned weakly, "I see, and if I refuse."

He frowned, "That would be a bad choice, I do have this gun here, and a dead body can still be studied. On the off chance you overcame me you would be facing the government."

Right, that made sense. If forgot greed as well it seems. I shouldn't complain though, it was the only reason I could still contain this, with help.

There was a knock on the door and Professor Mendez lowered the gun underneath the desk.

"Come in!"

Kristi entered, her body covered in a green glow. Time to act. I summoned the gun out of Professor Mendez's hand and sent out a small burst of magic, he collapsed forward onto the desk, sleeping.

Eva said sharply, "What's going on."

I felt a sharp image and the feeling of a place enter my mind, I reached out and summoned Eva, and her laptop, to this office.

Eva looked at us and screamed bloody murder. I sent a pulse of magic at her as well, designed to make her sleep.

I looked sheepishly at Kristi, "Sorry, I screwed up bad."

I proceeded to tell her the whole story, at the end of which she was laughing so hard she couldn't stand up straight.

Okay, being mistaken for an alien was a little funny so I joined in.

After we got a hold of ourselves she looked at them thoughtfully.

Kristi said, "I can get all the safeguards from their minds and remove all the evidence. But I don't think I'm good enough to excise memories from their minds. You need to call your niece and come clean. Really, you're kind of lucky they are greedy bastards. Otherwise you would have walked into government agents and a cover up would have been almost impossible."

It was mortifying, but I called up Amy and asked if she could help me. It was another lesson for me on pride, I should have asked for help ten days ago when it first happened. Hell, I should have a better hold on my temper and not have done it in the first place.

I had no idea it would turn out like this, but I should have had. In a very short time everything was straightened out. However I was not looking forward to the conversation with my parents. It wasn't like I'd get grounded. I was too old for that. It was the disappointment and losing their trust that would hurt.

Amy didn't say a word to me, but the look in her eyes spoke volumes. Who needed punishment? I knew exactly what I had done. It could have been a disaster for all supernaturals, all because I got pissed off at some male professor for abusing his position? I wanted to bury my head in the sand and go back to the way things were before. But I couldn't, life didn't work that way.

I couldn't go back to the person I was before I had taken a life, or found out certain truths. I had to just keep going and make sure I didn't do anything that stupid ever again. Kristi took my hand and squeezed it, giving me a wan smile. At least I knew I still had the support of my best friend. We finished the clean up and then teleported home.

Vinnie walked over to me and said in a robotic voice, "Take me to your leader."

He managed to get the last syllable out before he started laughing uncontrollably. I wanted to be mad for a second, but truthfully this was better than I expected.

I smirked, "Not funny," but a giggle or two might have popped out.

Amy cleared her throat and my mirth died, being quickly replaced by guilt.

"I know you want to be independent, and I see the beginnings of a generous, kind, and responsible young woman. But don't ever repeat the mistake of today again. Next time something happens ask for help, learn the difference between being independent and living alone in your pride. We are family and support each other, not even your mother can stand alone, remember that."

I nodded slowly and wondered if I'd ever get things right. I had been trying to grow up and face my problems the last couple of weeks, but I kept screwing up. I just hope I was learning fast enough and I wouldn't repeat any of my mistakes. I also prayed no one would die because of one.

As Amy said, there was a difference between being independent and the folly of living alone in your pride. Was I crossing that line in regard to Feinir and my grandfather? Maybe I had some good points on why mom and dad should let us handle it, and they seemed to be respecting my decision. But surely it wouldn't hurt to get advice and let them poke holes in our plans...

Chapter 12 - Vinnie

I was feeling a little impatient. We had been discussing plans to attack Feinir for two hours after dinner ended. My sister had taken a hit to her confidence and she was just about talking it to death in circles. My parents hadn't really had much to add, they were the ones that taught us all this stuff to begin with. It was a fairly simple thing.

The fae dwelling was rather small, so my sister and I were going to hit it from two directions while Kristi, Alicia, Bree, Ray and Claudia would play backup and follow behind just in case. No one was really sure what kind of power set the fae had, but it was likely to be more like Kristi's than any other race we knew about. Thanks to both Hope spying on the enemy with Kenneth, and Talia's ill advised attack, we knew they had powerful mind control powers as well as the seer's ability to see future and past.

Perhaps that's why they fear the humans so much.

I broke in before she could start over again, "Hey, we got this. Let's go kill us a fae."

My sister was incredibly smart, a good leader and tactician, strong, loyal, kind, and had empathy for others. But sometimes she was erratic, emotional, quick to anger, and she was way too hard on herself and would spiral down into self guilt and recrimination. Sometimes I had to give her kick, like hitting a record on skip.

Not very flattering I know, but maybe she'd grow out of it eventually. Sometimes I thought I had the opposite problem, I was too laid back. I got angry of course, but tended to shut down and clear away from people when it happened. Still, for the most part that's what kept me out of trouble. 

Feinir and my grandfather needed to go down though, as quickly as possible so we could get on with our normal lives. I wasn't quite that laid back, screw with my family and there is no where they can run fast or far enough.

Hope glared at me, "I'm just..."

I snorted, "Going in circles. You made a good plan, now let's get crackin..."

Hope still glared, "Fine. Kristi, is the area around his dwelling still clear."

My father nodded at me, acknowledging what I did, and then dragged mom off before she could volunteer. It would probably seem strange to a human that parents would let us do this on our own, but the supernatural world could be a violent place. Twenty two was good a time to let us stand on our own than any.

Plus, I didn't really want to ask my father to kill his. I didn't even know the guy at all and wasn't all that comfortable with it. Still, he was an evil bastard that needed to go.

Kristi nodded, "Looks good."

We all stood up. I wrapped us up in magic and teleported myself, Kristi, and Alicia to the north of his dwelling. My three siblings should be in the south. I put up a shield and started making my way south as quickly and quietly as I could, just in case he wasn't watching his surroundings I didn't want to tip him off.

When I was twenty feet from the door I used a spell of earth to knock the door in and followed, hearing a similar noise on the other side. The room was small, there was a simple stovetop and a small table. I heard Hope scream and ran into the next room. As soon as I entered it, I grabbed my head and concentrated on keeping my shield up. It felt like my head was covered in a blanket, and it was tightening like a vise.

My sister was by the door down on one knee, the fae was looking in her direction. I could hardly believe what he was doing could be any stronger, but clearly he was focusing most of the power on my sister who had better shields than I did.

I flipped the switch in my head and my emotions lessened, as did the pain. It was something I should have done already, but hadn't. My focus came back and I could make out the brownish color of Feinir's shields. I screamed, purely for distraction sake, and sent air and fire twisting together into a white hot flame which held a surprise.

He turned to me and chuckled darkly, he didn't even bother to try and dodge it, expecting my feeble attempt at an attack of sorcery to crash harmlessly into his shields.

I could feel even more pressure on my shield as he put his will directly on me. That's when the present I encased in my sorcery spell hit. A ball of immortal magic dropped in and out of limbo as I had so often practiced, appearing and detonating inside his torso. The effect was immediate and violent. It tore his body apart, his shield now containing nothing but blood and viscera. The shield winked out a moment later and his remains fell to the floor.

I could see the struggle and tears in Hope's eyes as she painfully pulled up her necromancer magic and I assume linked the asshole's soul. A part of me hoped that this part of the plan would fail. I would rather not know what the prophecy contains.

I walked over and sent healing energy into my sister, I was pretty sure she got the worst of the attack, I had a small headache, but everything seemed to be working okay. They rest of the force showed up a few seconds later.

I asked, "Are you okay?"

Hope was still on one knee and looked to be in great pain. My healing magic said her body was fine, hopefully it would wear off or we'd have to have Amy or Kristi take a look.
