 Author Note: Hey all, I enjoyed my week off and this is the start of book three, same series, same copyright warning. If you made it this far, (Pt. 8), then there is nothing to explain. Hope you like it. 

*****

Firstborn

Chapter 1 - Vinnie

Monday morning

It seemed hard to believe things were starting to die down, but there the phone sat, being silent. When I had published my paper a few months ago it had taken the world by storm. Talking heads had been debating on what kind of advances would be made, and if the world would destroy itself in the process.

The religions seemed split; some seemed to think it was our destiny through our god given intelligence. Others argued it was against god and unnatural to try and manipulate the universe he had built. In short I was both demonized and hailed as a saint, and everything in between.

Being scrutinized in the public eye when I'm an immortal sorcerer that had the blood of both angels and demons' running through my veins wasn't the best idea in the world. I've had to be extremely careful about magic use, never knowing when some paparazzi would be around with a camera.

Then there had been the discovery and my subsequent judgment in the media and tabloids when it was discovered I was shacking up with two young women. They went on about the shocking immorality of our unholy threesome. Okay, I made that last part up, but the reality was rather brutal all the same.

I felt lucky both Kristi and Alicia had endured the scrutiny gracefully. The three of us had been together for more than four years now, and as a group we had decided to continue living together. Choosing two of us to marry would seem... wrong.

We considered ourselves married and committed to each other for life, if only in our minds. Doing that for real was against the law, unless we moved to Utah, which wasn't an option for us. Chicago was home.

It was where Alicia's pack was, and the majority of my family. It seemed like a silly reason to move in any case. Kristi's aging had seemed to stop a year ago when mine did, but it would be another decade or two before we knew if she was actually immortal, or just had a greatly increased lifespan.

During all this, I also endured a number of companies trying to recruit me to develop technologies related to my discovery. Though at least, it hadn't been hard to weed through them with my ability to feel the intent behind the people asking. It had just taken a long time and more interviews than I would like to remember.

Some had wanted to use me while making it rich and keeping most of the profits. A couple even had grand plans to take over the world; I really wish I was kidding about that. There are some disturbing people on this planet. Some though, looked forward to improving humanities future and would be cautious about the more dangerous discoveries. While they made a profit of course, but that was really the best I could hope for.

We had purchased a house a few miles from my parents' home after Kristi and I got our PhD credentials. It wasn't nearly as large as my parent's house, but it was more than enough for the three of us, and even for a number of family members to visit.

I was set to start my first day at work in the morning. Kristi had actually started a new job last week, she worked for a green technology company in the research part, trying to make environmentally friendly technology cost efficient. Even now it was just simply cheaper to burn oil, as long as that remained true, going green, would be a luxury only the rich could afford. Never sleeping certainly gave us advantages, right now it was about one in the morning, and she was busy at work on her laptop.

She kind of disappeared into her own world when she did that.

Alicia was out on pack business, perhaps a hunt, and I was... bored.

I had been going over some ideas for months; really I just needed access to test equipment and fabricators to get started on it. I had theories about gravity control, ways to harness the suns waste energy both light and heat, and various other ideas. It would be a delicate time for the world as we tried to move forward and avoid the pitfalls.

Originally I had thought to work on my own; my family certainly had enough money to get the ball rolling. But doing certain research required government approvals and permits, and they weren't going to give them to a non-entity that just got his PhD. Plus, I wasn't sure my supernatural life would survive the intense scrutiny of the government.

There was also the part where I wanted to be out there living life, not just be in my own solitary space trying to invent things and make money. My mother had stressed the idea while we grew up that we needed to live a full normal life the first time through, Hope and I would not want to get into the habit of ignoring the world around us. That would be a horribly boring way to spend forever.

The money would come anyway; the company that signed me was giving me twenty five percent on any IP for inventions I was involved with, which was an unheard of percentage, at least when working for a company, some colleges did offer more than that.

The key would be to get results and data and to get it all patented before anyone else did. There was a serious technology race going on around the world right now and I knew I had very little advantage on getting things going.

I sighed and started to meditate. I had not been keeping up with it as much as I should since getting a solid grounding in immortal combat magic, but I knew I had far to go with some other things. I was a lackluster sorcerer at best, and there were many applications of magic besides fighting.

When I came out of my meditation it was still only three, I didn't have to be at work for five hours. I looked over at Kristi, and she was still absorbed in whatever she was doing on the laptop. I doubted she knew how late it was.

She was wearing short red stretchy shorts and a yellow t-shirt. Her long light blonde hair was up in a pony tail, and I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra as the t-shirt was a little tight. She had her right leg under her left on the chair, and she looked totally absorbed. She had come far with her mind magic and abilities over the years, but I knew she had no idea I was studying her, she always got lost in her work like that.

I probably should have let her work, but I stepped over to her and put my hands on her shoulders and started softly massaging them. I paused a moment to brush my fingertips up and down the graceful curve of her neck.

Kristi sighed, "That feels so good babe, was I ignoring you again?"

I kissed the side of her neck while continuing to work her shoulders and upper back.

"No, I didn't say anything; I just couldn't keep my hands off you any longer."

She snickered and looked up and said both breathily and sarcastically, "Right... in my fancy clothes, no makeup and my hair up in a pony tail. It's a wonder you managed to hold off for so long. Oh crap, it's three AM? I didn't mean to work on this so late."

She clicked a few things and closed her laptop, then rolled her head in a circle while letting out a humming sound of approval. Everything she said was true, but that didn't mean she wasn't sexy as hell. I actually thought she looked better without the trappings, the attraction I felt now was all her.

I didn't bother telling her that, she'd never believe it even though she could see it in my mind; women were strange that way sometimes.

I started massaging the front of her shoulders and worked my way down in slow circles. I started to kiss her neck again, and tease her earlobes as my fingertips started to knead and tease the top of her breasts through the shirt.

She sighed in pleasure and closed her eyes, she bent her arm up and back and started to caress the back of my neck, encouraging my explorations.

She said softly, "Mm, lower..."

I let my hands rove lower and I brushed her nipples through the shirt with my fingertips, and then pinched them through the fabric drawing a gasp from Kristi. I could see her nipples grow through the tight fabric of the shirt and felt my pants tighten.

I reached down and pulled up on the bottom of the shirt, taking it over her head. Her breasts were perfect; her nipples called to me so I spun the chair and sank to my knees. I looked up into her eyes as I took one into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it before playfully biting down.

She arched her back and pulled my face into her harder, "Bite harder."

I bit a little harder, causing her to gasp. She gripped my arms and tried to pull me up, so I stood and her hands darted to my pants. One hand rubbed along my bulge as she unbuttoned my pants with the other.

She looked up at me playfully as she fished out my hard cock and leaned forward. 

I moaned as I felt her perfect little mouth take me in, the heat of her breath teased my tip as her full lips wrapped my pleasure in wet warmth. She teased me for a minute then sat back up and at the end of the chair, and then pulled me closer. I saw her take her hand out of her shorts, and she ran it between her perfect D globes, leaving behind a sheen of wetness.

She looked so sexy when she asked, "You want to fuck my tits? Hmm? Stick that big cock between them until you explode all over me?"

She chuckled sultrily at the look on my face when I nodded in agreement.

She pulled on her nipples hard and then leaned forward, wrapping my hardened length in her soft flesh lubricated by her own juices.

"God, that feels good love," I moaned.

She started working her breasts up and down my length, while she continued to twist and abuse her nipples. Her moans made it clear she was enjoying it.

She grinned naughtily at me and let go of her tits, putting her hand on my chest, "Well, then fuck them..."

I watched as one of her hands worked back into her shorts, her other hand cupped my balls in her palm as she teased my taint with her fingernails. I grabbed the sides of her breasts and thumbed her nipples as I squeezed them together on my cock. Then I started to thrust between her globes of flesh as she looked up into my eyes.

Her breathing got faster and her eyes hooded as she worked her pussy and my balls while I railed myself between her slick cleavage. She winked then bent her head down and started to tongue and suck my tip each time I thrust forward, my cock head peaking out of her cleavage and in between her sweet lips.

I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and I could see her arm moving rapidly as she frigged herself under her shorts. This is probably a guy thing, but she looked so damn sexy masturbating with my member between her D size breasts. She was breathtaking and I could feel my balls begin to tighten.

She looked up at me with wide pleading eyes and begged in sultry tones, "Cum on me... cover me with your sticky seed."

She looked so hot... and still had that innocent look to her face that she'd had when I met her so long ago. The dirty words and the feeling of her flesh and all the sensations overcame me. I started spurting, my seed shot onto her neck, some dripped down onto her soft breasts. I spurted a second time in her face as she dipped her head and took me in her mouth.

She sucked hard as if to claim every drop and then even harder as her arm stopped moving and she started trembling in bliss.

When we came down she started to clean herself up. She wiped the results of my ecstasy off her breasts, neck and face, during which she occasionally licked and sucked it off her fingers and into her mouth. She stood up and smiled before she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the shower. She had a wicked twinkle in her eye and I knew we weren't done playing.

After all, we had at least four hours before work, and neither of us slept...

Before I knew it I was in the shower again, getting ready for work. Over the last few years Kristi had become an amazingly uninhibited and insatiable woman. She was a far cry from the woman who nervously gave me her anal virginity. I'm not sure why, but I think her powers have something to do with that. 

Not that it matters, it is what it is, but I wonder since she can read my mind and has no doubt about how I feel about her, if that made a difference. If it perhaps made her feel secure and loved enough to completely let loose on her inhibitions, and be so creative in bed.

I didn't have any doubts about her either; we often joined together in those intimate mind touches along with Alicia. Besides the intimacy just for itself, it does wonders against preventing all the little doubts and worries normal relationships encounter.

I got out and dried off with a thought and then finished getting ready. It was business casual, so I had on black shoes, gray pants, and a college shirt. I was about to leave when Kristi called out to me.

"When Toni asks you a question, say yes! It will all work out."

Who the fuck was Toni? And what would work out?

I yelled back, "Alright honey," in my best teasing wise ass voice and left the house. 

I had considered teleporting to work, but my job was in the suburbs outside of Chicago and had no really close Metra station available. It was also in a business park so chances are we'd be going out to lunch quite a bit. I didn't really want to have to explain why I had no transportation. I hopped in the car and headed into work. The drive wasn't all that far anyway and there was plenty of parking when I pulled in.

It wasn't a startup company, but for security reasons we had a separate location and only a small number of people had access. I went up and hit the buzzer and a young woman about my age opened the door and let me in. She was cute, with long and curly strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes. She was also human.

She said in a professional tone, "Hi Mr. Jones, I'm Lina, your... well, everyone's assistant in this building. If you ever need to order something, or have a business question, I'm the one to talk to. Here is your badge, let me take you back to the conference room, Darnell is waiting on you and one other person."

I grunted, "Please, call me Vinnie, or Vincent."

I wondered how she knew who I was for a second, but my picture was right there on the I.D. I clipped it on and followed her back. When I walked into the conference room I saw Darnell. He was the one who interviewed me. He was somewhere in his fifties and although he was professional he had a bit of salesman to him. But I could tell he meant well. In the room with him was a woman in her early thirties, brown hair and eyes. She had a tentative smile on her face and looked a little excited.

Darnell smiled, "Welcome aboard Vinnie, I see you met Lina Matthews. This here is Abby, Abby Healy. She is a part of the team, very good engineer. She'll take whatever you cook up and make it viable pricewise to manufacture. Abby, this is Vinnie Jones, I'm sure you've heard of him."

I smiled, "Nice to meet you."

Abby nodded back, "And you, I look forward to working together.

She looked a little nervous, but that wasn't surprising, it appeared like it was her first day as well.

Darnell said, "Grab a coffee if you want, there is one more we are waiting for to round out our team."

I went over to the sideboard and poured a cup before sitting around the table.

Darnell said, "The third person should round out your group, she is already an inventor and has a good grasp of your theories. I have no doubt she will be able to keep up."

I heard the buzzer as I sat down, Lina headed back out into the hallway. She came back with another woman. She had long dark brown hair, doe eyes and light brown or tan skin. She had full lips and a tentative smile on her attractive face. 

She was very petite, just over five feet and she immediately went for a coffee when she saw the sideboard. I'd guess she was maybe a year or two older than I was. She was also the only other person in the room that wasn't human, she was a sorceress.

Darnell introduce the rest of us with a small blurb of information, and then introduced her.

"Team, this is Antonia Hernandez," he continued on talking about her accomplishments. Something was bugging me though, why did her name sound so familiar?

I almost breathed in my coffee when she said in a friendly open voice, "Please, call me Toni everyone. It's so nice to be here."

Okay, so I knew who Toni was, now what the hell was the question? Sometimes living with someone who sees the future at times can be a mind trip. We spent the rest of the morning going over a confidentiality agreement and signing all our paperwork. Then we had a short security conscious class and took a tour of the building.

The front of it was just a few offices. I even had one, though I probably wouldn't use it much. The back had a few labs with different types of testing and measuring equipment. The last room had a fabricator. It could print out digital chips and circuits on demand. In fact about the only thing it couldn't print was a power source, but we had that covered.

It seemed clear that would be Abby's domain as she helped us make our theories a reality.

We broke for lunch, Darnell had pizza brought in and we threw some ideas around. We decided to settle on gravity and anti-gravity. Darnell thought, and I agreed, it was this technology that would change the world around us the most. It would touch almost everything. All forms of transportation, space exploration, satellite station keeping, any medicines or products that required zero-G manufacturing would be possible on earth.

I won't like to say there was no greed involved in our decision. But I couldn't, the person who figured that one out and got it patented would be very rich as the world adapted to the tech. That meant everyone in the room currently would be rolling in money. Still, there were so many other options, clean power systems, instantaneous communications, folding space, the list just went on.

After lunch we went to the lab and set up an experiment. It would take some time to get it right, so I wasn't holding my breath for it to happen today. Having the theory against the tech was a leap we still needed to make. Although knowing that we had competition working somewhere on the same thing motivated us. It would be wasted time and money if someone else beat us to a patent.

The real problem with the new science we were creating is the up to date lab equipment couldn't generate the type of fields we needed to, much less monitor the results.

It took a few hours after lunch before we made any progress clicking as a group. It didn't help that both women were so attractive, especially Toni with her exotic looks and accent. But after a while all that faded away as we threw ideas back and forth trying to decide what modifications to make. We eventually settled on a configuration but we needed something made to generate the right kind of field. 

We watched as Abby typed in the parameters and circuit design into the fabricator interface.

Abby turned to us, "This is going to take about four hours and it's... already five thirty? Should we call it a night and get started in the morning?"

I said in agreement, "Yeah, that's a good idea. It was a good first day."

Toni said, "That does sound good, but does anyone else want to cut loose and celebrate our new job? I think getting to know each other past our resumes might help us work better together too as a team. Please don't make me go to the local bar alone."

She said the last part playfully and winked.

Abby smiled, "A drink sounds good."

I was inclined to say no and take a rain check for next time, I was missing Alicia and she should have been back today, but I remembered what Kristi told me. It was always a good idea to take advice from a post cognitive.
