 Chapter 9 – Vinnie

My sister had been emotional, I wasn't sure why, but she'd also been right once I thought it through, but there were a few things to take care of before we split.

I said, "Johnson, you want a ride back to civilization? I think we are ending our island vacation."

Johnson seemed thoughtful, "No, they'll get upset if I abandon a multi-million dollar aircraft on an island somewhere. I'll fly us back."

I went over to Jeremy and Bell. I was starting to understand the affect my father had on human woman when I got close. Bell was temptation personified, and I was more than happy with what I already had and had no intention of straying. But my body didn't want to listen.

I smiled, "Let's swap numbers. Assuming you want to keep helping? Also, we should get together some time when the world isn't ending. Hope tells me you're staying in the Chicago area?"

Jeremy chuckled, "Sounds good," and we swapped numbers.

Bell said, "Call us if anything comes up," as shadows rose, clinging to their bodies until they disappeared. Even her magic looked sexy.

I decided to leave all the food here for now just in case. I had a feeling we would need it. I created more cooling wards to keep the food and drinks cold, and then teleported the four of us back to the house.

By the time we were home I was excited about going to work on Monday and seeing if we couldn't come up with an energy source that would replace fossil fuels. And I don't mean batteries that take electricity to charge and fossil fuels to burn for electricity. That kind of green technology defeated the purpose. 

Alicia said as she put her arms around me, "I need to check on the pack, I'll be back before you leave for work," she kissed me smolderingly and winked while she pulled away.

I'd miss her, but her pack was a big part of her life, so I just pulled her in for another kiss goodbye and gave her a smack on the ass when she turned to walk away. She looked back over her shoulder and raised an eyebrow.

She growled, "If you're going to smack my ass, do it harder next time..."

I winked and she headed out the door. Kristi and Toni were already working in the kitchen so I grabbed a beer and joined them.

Toni said tentatively, "I need to go by my apartment for a change of clothes..."

I nodded, "About that, I'm wondering if you need to even bother looking for a home now... if you're interested. It's kind of fast but... I want you here."

She raised an eyebrow, "Yes sir, right away sir."

I snorted, "No... you're supposed to tell me what you want now... that's how it works. I ask you to move in... tell you what I want, then you decide yes or no..."

She said irately, "Oh, I'm so sorry I'm doing it wrong. Is there anything else you want me to change?"

I shrugged; I seemed to be in deep anyway so I raised an eyebrow and said, "You could cook naked..."

Her lips twitched and she said in a softer tone, "Let me think about it."

I asked raising a brow, "Which one?"

She glared. 

I figured she wasn't really mad at me, just a little spooked at the idea of moving so fast, so I quit while I was ahead and just drank my beer. To be fair it was a little fast. I cared for her a lot, she was an amazing woman. But I didn't love her yet, not like I did my other mates. That would take time.

Kristi muttered, "Never asked me to cook naked," under her breath.

There was just no correct response for that, no matter what I said it would piss off at least one of them, the joys of multiple mates. So I got up and went to the living room for my own safety, maybe there was something on television... 

I watched the news for a while; it was all the same stuff over and over, but nothing overly bad. Even the anchor seemed a little optimistic. Maybe they were all just a little excited to have magic, like some fairy tale. Nah, they were probably just in shock so going with the flow for now. Things would change soon.

I got up and went back in the kitchen for another beer.

I said, "Is it safe for me in here?"

I heard a muffled moan and peaked around the island. They were naked in the sixty nine position right in front of the stove. See, that's why I wasn't serious about the cooking naked thing. Still, I goggled as I saw Kristi on top, her long blond hair a sharp contrast against the silky tan brown skin of Toni's thighs. I berated myself for being dumb enough to watch television.

I walked around to the other side, summoning the lube from our bedside table. I locked eyes with Toni as she dug her tongue into Kristi's sweet honey pot. I slapped Kristi's ass hard and watched it shake, her perfect butt tightened and I heard her moan into Toni's heaven. Kristi came twice at the combination of Toni's tongue and as I spanked her repeatedly. Her ass turned red as I got her puckered star ready for my length with two fingers while Toni feasted on her silken swollen lips.

As I started to push past her ring she bucked back popping me in and groaned in pain and pleasure. My eyes rolled back in pleasure as I felt Toni lick my balls as I slowly sunk into Kristi's perfect tight little rosebud. 

Kristi begged me in a muffled voice, "Fuck my ass hard baby. Hurt me with that big strong cock."

I started to pull out slowly, then rammed back in making her gasp. I never got tired of hearing her sweet innocent voice spewing lustful perversions. I still started slow though, I didn't want to truly tear or hurt her, even if I could heal it. I wanted her to love it... so I was both rough like she liked it and careful as I slowly picked up speed.

Before I knew it her tight ring gripped my hard shaft. I froze as she came all over Toni's beautiful face. When she came down a bit, I started up again and slammed into her while she bucked back into me, grinding her hot heat along Toni's face. I heard Toni gasp and Kristi's moan of approval and knew Kristi's tongue was getting a tasty bath.

And all this happened in front of the oven on the kitchen floor. I started to lose it, and Kristi must have felt me start to expand because she started talking...

"God yes, cum in my slutty ass, fill it, claim it. I love it when your big dick cums in my tight little puckered hole," she begged as she bucked back into me harder.

When I came down, I pulled out and sat back, before leaning down and kissing Kristi's perfect ass, and then Toni tasting Kristi on her lips.

The food had a ways to go so we moved it on up to the bedroom.

On the way Toni said, "I'll be happy to spend the night... but I'm not ready for more. And Kristi is..." she trailed off.

I grinned, "I know, I thought you'd hit it off in bed, she loves being a sub."

She raised her eyebrow, "And us?"

I winked, "You're incredible Antonia, and we'll have a lot of fun trying to one up each other."

She kissed me as we reached the bed; the three of us were quite hungry by the time dinner came around...

The next morning before work I put on the television again. My mouth dropped open as I saw footage of Hope with a glowing golden visible aura walking around the hospital healing people. It looked like cell phone footage, but it was still good quality. I knew what that would mean for her. I liked healing well enough, but I had never felt the same intense need she did. My passions lied elsewhere.

Still, I guessed her career as a doctor was over. I looked forward to getting back to mine later this morning. Kristi looked excited about it too, we had only missed one day of work, and with everything going on I'd be surprised if there was any fallout over it.

What I hadn't counted on the following morning, was the gaggle of reporters in the parking lot when Toni and I arrived together shortly before eight. They started to yell questions as we walked toward the door. When we tried to pull the door open human magic flew by me and the door slammed shut.

I turned and glared at the reporter the magic led back too. This could get complicated.

I said firmly, "No comment, please don't bother me at work," and took Toni by the arm and teleported through the door.

I smiled smugly. Not having to hide may have its uses... 

When we walked in Lina frowned at us from behind her desk and said, "Conference room."

We went down the hall and knocked before opening the door and walking in. Darnell and Abby seemed to be arguing based on the looks on their faces. I grabbed a coffee and took a seat.

Toni asked, "What's going on?"

Abby glared at Darnell and said, "He wants to shut us down for a while... And I'm telling him there is no point."

I asked, "Why?"

Darnell frowned at me, "I'd figure you of all people would understand. The FBI are using remote viewing and catching all the people on their most wanted list, and they'll probably have them all within a day. The CIA is watching other countries. What do you suppose our competing companies are doing? They'll steal the results of our experiments and read the monitors. Get blueprints, all of it, without ever having to come near the building.

"It's quiet out there now, but what you and your family did will change everything. It's only a matter of time until criminals figure out concrete can't stop them, and guns are a joke. It's only a matter of time before everything falls apart. Do we really want to add new powerful inventions to the mix?"

I liked that he was concerned about his inventions getting in the wrong hands, but he wasn't playing what if far enough along.

I nodded, "I know, but the alternative to loosing the magic was worse, trust me. Society and government will eventually change drastically. Those people that steal your stuff, well they won't last long... and the peeping toms and other spying will all die down. It's all about being forced into an honest society where you can't lie. 

"Also, all those people in prison that escape won't last long against the rest of you. Forget the old way, waiting for the police, it may take a while to get there but we'll work as one society.

"Consider one man with magic against a room full of hostages, that all have magic. It would be completely different from a man with a gun and ten helpless people. They also can't escape for long if they run. No one can lie and get away with it, which means swift justice that isn't in doubt. No... the criminals will be screwed, not rolling in luxury and taking what they want. It goes the other way too, people falsely accused will be let out of prisons and be able to reclaim a life.

"It will be an honest but brutal change in some ways. Not sure though that a power source would matter at all that much to the chaos that will happen. All it would really do is provide easy and cheap power. Plus boss, my inner geek is dying to build it."

Toni said, "Vinnie is right. People may steal it, but in the long run they'll be screwed. No long protracted court battle, just two people, one honest, the other a liar and a thief. It won't be that simple for a while, but it's coming."

Abby added persuasively, "They're making sense boss. When they are interviewed to make that patent, the clerk will know they are lying about it being theirs. When the reporters interview them, it won't take long either. A few stupid ones will fall, and then after that, corporate espionage will stop as a crime despite how easy it would be, simply because there'd be no more money in it."

Darnell closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead, "Fine, but if I lose my shirt you're all fired."

I snorted and lifted my eyebrow to make a point. He'd tried to sound like he was joking, but he'd meant every word of it.

We went back to the lab and got to work...

We didn't really have anything solid that first day. I was working with a theory that would collect solar energy and heat out in space, then transmit it here using exotic particles. There were other implications and possibilities, using the energy created by the planets themselves as they orbited the sun for example. But we had a long way to go in applied science before we reached the point we could even try advanced theories like that.

Still, even what I was planning was impressive. I could hardly imagine what benefits collecting energy from the sun and sending it to earth would engender. It would be possible to create a large field electric field, much like cell and radio towers worked, but transmitting energy instead of data. It wouldn't be easy, hell, even getting something close to Mercury's orbit would be tough, but a small proof of concept device in the lab shouldn't be that difficult.

Actually I take that back, it won't be that hard with anti-gravity to get something close.

All we had though at the end of the day were conflicting ideas and dead ends. We could take it up again tomorrow.

Abby asked, "You up for drinks tonight?"

I shared a look with Toni, and then said, "Sounds good, as long as we can avoid the press."

We wound up at the same bar we did on that first day, after I relented and answered a couple of questions from the press. The disturbing part was they seemed much more concerned about my personal life than anything else. 

Abby seemed to have as many questions for us as the press did, but I was much more comfortable with a drink in my hand and a relaxed atmosphere. She also seemed more concerned about magical topics, not my sex life which was kind of a relief to tell the truth.

By the third drink, I was feeling pretty good.

Abby asked, "So what do you think the fae will do?"

I shrugged carelessly, "I don't know. They may attack or do something else entirely. It's hard to say. The longer it takes though, the better it is."

Abby nodded, "I suppose, the more we learn about our magic the better."

I offered, "If you want I'm sure my wife would stop by and give you the basics mentally. Then it's all just practice instead of discovery."

She asked, "Wife?"

I shrugged, "It's how I think of them, of course not legally... But Kristi has had her magic for four years, so she knows what it can do."

We chatted for a bit more and had a couple of drinks. Abby said she'd have to think about it. It wasn't all that surprising, the magic was new and the thought of someone in her mind that she didn't even know... It would take time for people to trust their new senses.

We stayed out until around nine, Abby needed to get home to her family, and so Toni and I got in the car and started for the house.

I asked, "Do you need to get anything from the apartment?"

She took my hand, "No, I got what I needed last night for the next few days."

I said carefully, "Is everything okay? You seem a little tense."

She shook her head, "Just something I need to work through on my own. Nothing to worry about."

"So you're getting along with Kristi and Alicia?"

She nodded, "Their amazing actually."

I nodded sagely, "Of course, they put up with me don't they?"

She snickered, "You're not so bad... most of the time."

She squeezed my hand as we pulled in. I wondered if we should even bother with the car. Now that I don't need to hide, all those little habits I'd created almost seem silly now. I did like driving my cars though, so I would have to think about it.

I gave her a kiss before we got out and went into the house, which was full of people. Toni and I looked at each other with surprise as we looked around. Kristi walked up and kissed my cheek.

"Surprise, thought we might throw a little party tonight."

I pulled her against me and kissed the top of her head, "What's the occasion?"

She shrugged, "Been a while since we were all together. There seems to be a break in the fight so..."

I smiled, "Great idea."

Besides my sister and her three mates, there were quite a few people. My parents were here along with their other mates; Kim, Amy, and Lisa. Along with my brother Ray, sister Claudia, and Elisha and Eloise who were the only other humans with magic up to a few days ago, and who were family friends. I also recognized a few coven members, most notably Willa, Tara, and Stacy who were still known to visit my father on occasion. Last but not least I noticed a few sorcerers wandering around.

I took the opportunity to introduce Toni to the latter, while also trying to catch up with all the former. It was a long party, with lots of drinking, although everyone behaved themselves with a child here. I laughed when Elisha was telling me how she was teaching her teachers how to do magic so they could teach their classes.

It was definitely a good time to be alive right now, with all the changes going on. But there was also a caution hanging over our heads. The news was starting to show what I predicted; the harshest of the governments that kept their people in a stranglehold were quickly being put down. Not that it was such a bad thing, people deserved to be free, but death and destruction is never fun to hear about.

Toni looked like she was a bit overwhelmed meeting all these new people, so we stepped outside onto the deck for a quick breather.

Toni giggled, "You remember what I said about your parents when we first met."

I nodded, "What about it?"

She whispered, "They are wonderful people, you have a great family. But... they are still sorta scary."

I laughed, "Yeah, a bit. I can't argue that."

She on the tips of her toes and kissed me softly with her hands on my chest, "You're just like them you know."

I shook my head, it was hard to picture, I was just me...

She smiled, almost like my denial pleased her, and she kissed me again before pulling me back inside...

When I asked how things were going with my parents my mother made a face.

"The council is shut down right now. We were holding a meeting this morning and humans came in curious. I'd guessed they sensed all the different auras in there. Next thing I knew there were reporters coming in. I'm proud of you and Hope, but so much is changing. At least it was peaceful though, they were just curious."

My wife flipped on the television, and gradually silence fell in the room. I had wondered what the fae would do, and it looked like I was about to find out. There was quite a bit going on and it took watching for about fifteen minutes to get through it all.

There were reports of fae appearing in remote areas, away from the cities where their magic would be most blunted. A few small towns in Middle America had gone dark at the latest report. As for how the fae planned to deal with the cities. I could barely believe my eyes when the television showed an image through a telescope.

There was a large blank spot in space, and coming out of it were a number of small meteors. They brought in experts who believed we were about to be bombarded from orbit. Some even suggested, and it made sense, that the fae would be guiding them in for maximum damage in the cities.

I looked all around me at who was here, and then at Kristi, who had turned on the television. All this had been her work. Had she known this would happen and shielded it from the rest of us? I don't think I could have been that strong. She smiled at me weakly and I went over to hold her.

This wasn't something even all the people in the room could fix, what could we do against an orbital bombardment? Or even the thousands of invading fae. It seemed like a bad dream. We were at war.

The noise started to build up as everyone absorbed what they had seen. Ironically in a few months the humans could have joined together and tossed the meteors like pebbles back through the hole in space. The magic of six billion joined in a single purpose. But right now? They were learning but still had too far to go in both skill and trust.

Everyone seemed scared, but also promised to help if we came up with something, before they left for home. What now?

I had absolutely no idea...

 

Chapter 10 – Hope

They say ignorance is bliss. I had always wondered how they made worlds uninhabitable during the wars with magic. There may not be nuclear radiation, but all those meteors hitting would cause megatons of damage, spewing dust and dirt into the air and possibly starting an ice age.
