 Chapter 13 - Jeremy

Allie was going to kill me. She was... to say she was wild in bed and liked things rough just didn't cover the reality of it. She had turned into a sweet young woman in front of my eyes the other day, but in bed she was the polar opposite. It was a good thing I didn't need sleep anymore, I could see the sunlight peaking in the window. I'm not complaining, it's more awe than anything else. As for energy, as a lich she'd been feeding me magic all night to keep my stamina up.

Bell had left a couple of hours ago, not able to feed from either of us again for a day or so.

She was bouncing up and down on me in complete abandon, her hazel eyes full of pleasure as she arched her back and ground down into me each time our flesh met. Her pert B cups shook enticingly each time our skin slapped together. I had cum more times than I could remember over the last six hours, and had no trouble holding back for her as she pleasured herself over and over on my length.

She screamed, "Now!"

I knew what she wanted, I slapped her breast, right on her nipple, hard. Her body started to buck uncontrollably like she was struck by lightning. It was so erotic watching her and feeling her tight wet heat squeeze and milk my length as she bathed me in her silken nectar. I was shocked as what I thought to be my now iron control broke under her body's determined assault for my seed. My hips bucked up into her beautiful nubile body as I started to pump yet another load deeply inside her.

She collapsed on me and claimed my mouth, nipping my lip playfully. I moaned when I felt her squeeze me with her sex. My tip was extra sensitive after just reaching bliss. I popped out when she raised slightly and rolled off me. She cuddled into my side and laid her head on my chest, caressing my chest with her hand as I felt her body tremble and shake in aftershocks.

I started to caress her back, neck, and her hair. She kissed my chest and sighed in contentment.

Allie said softly, "I guess we should clean up, breakfast will be ready soon."

I smiled and held her tighter against me; her voice had sounded a little disappointed at the idea.

I pulled her up for a quick kiss before I said, "That's probably a good idea, if we lay here too long..."

She giggled and got up and I followed her to the bathroom, admiring her backside as we walked to the shower...

At breakfast Celane filled us in on the new information. Dan Havers had contacted two others who appeared to be at the boss level. My eyes narrowed as I considered that there could be another hundred and twenty people, if they both had the same setup as the first, with six leaders and cells beneath them. I was a little startled by the idea of that many and my first reaction was to get to the killing part as soon as possible.

"How many ghosts?"

Katrina looked at me for a moment, "I have enough, over two hundred which is more than enough to track them all. If we find more bosses though, I will run out. I'm hoping that's it though, it would make sense."

I asked, "How?"

Celane answered, "It's the company he works for. We don't think they are involved as an entity, but the three bosses coincide with the three cities Dan works in for his job. He does a lot of travelling between the corporate offices around the world."

I nodded. That made sense, he wouldn't need to create more boss level people in one place, and he can't go recruiting in places he really doesn't go. I frowned.

"So we're still waiting to find out who his boss is then, before we do anything?" I couldn't help but grumble a bit when I asked the question.

Katrina looked at me carefully, she could see right through my question of course, can we start ending them now? I just wanted it over with, so I could start living a normal life. Or... as normal as my life could get as a revenant mated to a demon and possibly several others.

Katrina nodded slowly, "That's exactly what we are doing. Dan is pretty high up, but if he's isolated from the top then taking him just means we'll have to start over when whoever it is rebuilds. If they attack another person we will kill them first, although only the soldiers sent to attack. We just aren't going on the offensive until we know what exactly who we are fighting and what we are up against."

Katrina's concerned face and even tone of voice made me wonder what I looked like right now. Murderous? Maybe a little unbalanced? I blew out a breath and tried to relax. I even managed a brief smile when Bell took my hand under the table.

I said, "Okay Kat, I can wait," though I didn't feel like I could, I just knew I had too.

I was surrounded by four beautiful women, I was sure I could think of a way to stay distracted. Actually five with Sue joining us for breakfast after a night with Katrina, but I wasn't counting Sue since she didn't swing my way. I just hoped my anger stopped when we finally stopped them. It was hard to just sit here, remembering what they had done to me, how they had tortured Bell, not to mention the years Bell and I ran before they finally caught us.

I'd also made amulets yesterday. With my new strength, speed, and heightened dexterity it cut down the time required to inscribe the symbols and spells by a great amount. I'd also managed to inscribe small enough that the three of them held shields against both TK and physical on the same amulet. Between Bell feeding on Allie and I, and then Celane earlier this morning, they were filled up.

I'd made three more healing amulets as well, but of course they are empty right now requiring sacrificial power.

After we were done eating I stood up and put one around Bell, then walked around the table and put the second on Katrina. She raised an eyebrow but didn't stop me. The third one I silently offered to Sue. I didn't know her well enough, and she was a witch, so I wasn't sure if she would even take it.

Sue looked at me like I was holding a snake and asked, "What is it?"

I shrugged, "Shielding amulet from TK and physical harm. It's set to kick on if you're in danger and your own magic fails. It should give you enough time to recover, or for someone to get to you if anything happens. Think of it as backup. I figured a backup is good, and I thought you three should get the first ones since you're the most vulnerable."

Sue frowned, "In what way?"

I said simply, "If Allie's, Celane's, or my body gets destroyed, we can still come back."

Sue still looked a little nervous about accepting a gift from a warlock, but she nodded. I put it around her neck.

Katrina said sweetly, "Thanks."

If the look in her eyes was any indication I'd be getting more thanks later, of a different kind.

Sue looked reluctant when she said, "I need to do some work at the store today..." the statement kind of hung there a second.

Katrina asked, "Are you doing anything tonight? I had the idea we could all go out tonight as long as nothing comes up. Maybe dinner and dancing?"

Sue replied, "Sure, I'd love too."

Allie spoke up, "I'm in."

Bell and Celane both said at the same time, "Sounds like fun."

I just nodded, clearly outvoted by the estrogen. It did sound like fun; I just knew I didn't really have a choice.

Bell volunteered, "Can I help at the shop; we can get to know each other a little better."

Sue smiled and nodded, "I'd like that."

I wasn't jealous, but it was strange as she left the house with Sue. She'd been mine for so long, always at my side. It would take some getting used to having to share her time with others. It helped though that I wasn't left alone, I had others to share my time with as well.

Ironically I spent the next few hours alone on another project.

For most of the morning I worked on the house protections. It was already warded with necromantic wards, witch wards, and sorcerer wards. I figured why not warlock warding too. It was what I could do for Katrina, for all of us, in return for her gifts to me. I decided I needed to do it right and started another amulet by carving in and powering the control spells.

At each windowsill and doorway I carved a protection symbol in and I also added a duplicate symbol to the amulet matching each entry point. Katrina interrupted me about an hour into my work when I was in the downstairs bathroom standing in the tub and carving into the windowsill.

Katrina asked curiously, "What are you up to?"

I replied absently as I finished the symbol, "Adding warlock wards to the house protections."

When I stepped out of the tub Katrina came closer and touched my chest, her eyes sparkling with the same desire as earlier. She was as always, absolutely breathtakingly beautiful.

She said sultrily, "I think you need a break," and she kissed me.

Somehow the kiss was both surrendering and aggressive as she molded her sexy body to mine. We didn't make it upstairs; we didn't even make it out of the bathroom. I took her hard and fast from behind. She was bent over the sink as I pulled her head back by her hair, as I pushed her body down. It was so intense as we locked eyes in the mirror as we coupled.

Neither of us could break our gaze away. She mewled and gasped in pleasure through slightly parted lips as she bucked back into me over and over.

When we reached completion I pulled her into my arms, holding her up as she came down. The rest of the warding took at least twice as long because she stayed with me while I did it. We talked a lot that day, sharing our hopes and fears. I had an anchor in Bell already, which kept me from running over the edge and crossing lines in my desire for revenge.

Katrina added another that day. I wasn't sure if I fell in love with her that day or not, but I know she had become much more important than my need for revenge, like Bell was. Instead of just someone who gave me the power and life to seek revenge, she had become much more than that. I would have protected her before, for many reasons, but now I would also protect her because she had become precious to me.

When I finished the last warding symbols we went back to the den. I held the amulet and whispered the command word, my power flowed into the amulet, which was connected to the wards of the house and empowered them. They weren't that strong yet, but with all the power available now from Bell being with so many others, I knew it wouldn't be long.

Katrina asked curiously, "So, what do these wards do?"

I took her hand and led her over to the couch. She sat and leaned against me and I held her.

I explained, "Right now they will just warn, and try and stop someone from entering. But I can control the severity of the reaction through this amulet. If we are attacked I can change the wards to a deadly response. I can even monitor and control the wards from very far away, feel if they are violated from a distance.

"The command spell on the amulet can change what the wards do at any time."

We sat there for a while in a comfortable silence. I realized it was after one in the afternoon and kissed the top of her head.

"Lunch? It's getting late, and you haven't eaten."

She snickered, "Yes dad."

She gasped followed by giggles as I spanked her and pulled her up off the couch. She looked amused as she let me drag her into the kitchen. I made a couple of sandwiches, then another when Allie walked in. I knew she had a couple of zombies with souls that could take care of it, but I liked to cook sometimes, it was relaxing.

Allie smirked, "We are so keeping him."

Katrina smiled mysteriously and nodded, "I'd have to agree..."

I felt a surge of magic as I sat down and routed it to the wards with a grin. I would guess Bell was doing more than just helping Sue clean the store.

Allie asked, "What's the grin for?"

I snickered, "Sue just powered the new wards."

Katrina looked confused a second, and then smiled...

 

Chapter 14 - Katrina

I had a distracted smile on my face as Celane filled me in. The second boss had contacted a few of his cell leaders and things were filling out there. The third one didn't seem to be making any contact right now. So far there was no fourth branch and I was hoping it would stay that way.

I was a bit distracted because my mind was wandering to other things. I was glad Sue had slept with Bell, it seemed to me that meant she was softening toward the idea of a group thing. I was also distracted thinking about Jeremy and our little tryst in the bathroom. I was becoming completely shameless when it came to him. When he touched me and I heard the sound of his voice all I wanted to do was...

"Are you even listening to me?" Celane asked loudly, snapping me out of my fantasy.

I blushed, "Sorry Celane, I am just tired of it right now. On top of that, everything is changing at home and you're all spinning through my mind. If they aren't attacking anyone let's get a fresh look at the information tomorrow. I just want to relax tonight, go out and have fun. I'm not using Katie either, I'm going as myself."

Celane's frown softened, "You're right, we all need a break I think."

I closed the laptop and sat in her lap, giving her a soft kiss, "You too, the ghosts can remember what happens and report to you in the morning. It's strange Celane, I'm trying to be open to things, like you said. I already love you and Allie, and I'm falling in love with Jeremy and Sue. Bell... I'm working on it. It's distracting physically as well; I'm constantly horny around all of you, which is very new for me. I worry if that's all this really is at times."

Celane shushed me with a deep kiss then said, "It's more than that, I promise. But it will take time before you really understand that and believe it deep in your soul."

She grinned mischievously, "Until then, just enjoy it."

I didn't trust her not to go back to work, so I dragged her up the stairs to join me in a bath and to start getting ready for tonight. Jeremy and Allie had insisted I pick the restaurant, since no one was a vegetarian I chose a steak house. After that we were going out dancing at a local club I'd never been to but Sue had gone to once or twice before. I was really looking forward to it.

As we did each other's makeup and hair, Bell and Allie came in fresh from their own showers. We chatted casually as the four of us helped each other get ready.

Bell said, "Sue went home to shower and change, she should be here soon."

I asked, "Is Jeremy getting ready?"

Bell nodded, "He showered with me, should be ready way before we are."

I found myself surrounded by three other women, laughing and telling jokes as we got ready. Even being a little silly as we picked out hairstyles for each other. For most women this would be normal, but for me it was new, and it made me feel extremely happy. My life was changing for the better. There was a small part of me that worried, that thought this couldn't last, but I did my best to ignore it.

When we were done I thought everyone looked beautiful, and I felt almost wistful that we were finished, I'd been having fun. I was in a little black dress and high heels. Bell looked amazing in a bright red dress that covered everything but left very little to the imagination. Celane was wearing a blue silk blouse and a tight black skirt with a white flower design on it. Allie was wearing a dark green dress that hugged her curves and flared out at her hips, but barely reached her mid thigh.

We went down the stairs and found both Jeremy and Sue sitting on the couch chatting. That was a welcome sight as well, I knew they'd never be together physically, but they were getting past any assumptions they had and coming together as just people, rather than a witch and a warlock at odds.

Jeremy's expression when he took the four of us in was very satisfying. He was wearing a shirt that looked a little too tight and nice pants and shoes. I could practically see the cut of his muscles as the shirt hugged his body. Sue was wearing a tight cream colored skirt, and a red silk blouse, she looked great.

Bell played the part of our transportation tonight. The steakhouse was a little far to walk to from my house. When Jeremy and Sue stood, we were all surrounded by shadows only to reappear across town outside the restaurant. Thanks to the instant transportation, we were actually a few minutes early for our reservation.

We got a few looks when we came in. I was sure some of them were because of our auras, but there were a few men who checked us out, as well as some women with those men looking annoyed. There was a short line as the hostess seated people, but with the reservation we didn't have to wait long. I found it didn't really bother me at all anymore as I felt a few eyes on me as I walked back to the table. I had no ridiculous fears of being attacked.

In fact I was positive if one of the hunter were here they would not attack, the rest of the humans wouldn't stand for it. One crazy man's violence just wasn't tolerated in this new world anymore. If they acted out here, in the middle of normal humans who just wanted to live their lives, live and let live, they wouldn't last more than a second before they were put down.

That went for all of us too of course, but none of us would start trouble. We just wanted to finish it. I wanted this life so badly, to just spend time with those I loved, and make a living. I yearned for it, and that's why now that I seemed to be getting it, it scared me.

I wound up sitting between Jeremy and Sue. Before I knew it we'd all ordered and had wine in front of us. We were just chatting when I felt someone's bare foot against the inside of my legs, sliding up my skirt. I suppressed a gasp and looked up; Allie was smiling at me naughtily.

"Excuse me?" I heard a low voice and looked up.

There was an older distinguished gentleman in a suit looking right at me with an apologetic look on his face.

"Yes?" I asked back, my voice slightly cracking as Allie pushed up higher with her toes. I was so going to spank her later.

The man smiled, "I'm sorry to disturb your evening, but I wanted to give you my card, if you can call me at a better time?"

I smiled back and nodded while Allie reached the apex of my legs with her toes. I suppressed another gasp and cleared my throat. I smiled wider and Allie gasped and withdrew her foot as I sent a burst of magic between her legs in retaliation.

I reached out and took the card, "What is it about?"

The man looked around, "It's rather private but I need your assistance. Please, enjoy your night. I'll look forward to receiving your call tomorrow."

I nodded wordlessly, surprised at the contact. What could he need a necromancer for? Maybe he was haunted... Regardless, I was intrigued someone was actually asking for my help. That had never happened before, from a human I mean. I read the card quickly and sent a message to one of my zombies with the information to add it to my phonebook online. Probably lazy on my part, but I didn't want to dig the thing out of my purse right now, the food was coming.

I took the first bite of my steak and glared at Allie as her foot reappeared between my legs. I almost ordered her to stop, but it felt so damn good as she rubbed her foot against me through my white silk panties that I held back. All I knew was it was the best damn steak dinner I'd ever had in my life.

Of course, I was horny as hell by the time we got to the club. I had a lot of fun dancing and rubbing up against everyone as we drank and had fun. Whatever had come over me in how much I craved sex only seemed to apply to our little group. There were sexy guys, and ladies, all around us, and I hardly noticed them as I had a great time with everyone. 

By the time we left I'd been very glad I'd decided to wear panties tonight, they were so wet I was sure I'd have dripped down my leg if I hadn't. We stepped outside and got out of the way before Bell took us all home in a swirl of shadows. We grabbed drinks and talked for a few minutes, but I could feel that it was more than just me that was looking forward to bed.
