 Donna Spaulding became a powerful woman of business by giving up everything that a typical, young, woman would experience. It left her with a deep, inner yearning that no one seemed to be able to fill until her business pursuits take her to the home of "The Three Sisters" in the rural hills of Scotland.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

This warning is possibly not needed for this particular story, but I am including it because it is needed for most of my stories. If you decide to read other of my stories make sure that you read the disclosures and warnings at the beginning of each story.

WARNING! All of my writing is intended for adults over the age of 18 ONLY. Stories may contain strong or even extreme sexual content. All people and events depicted are fictional and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Actions, situations, and responses are fictional ONLY and should not be attempted in real life.

If you are under the age or 18 or do not understand the difference between fantasy and reality or if you reside in any state, province, nation, or tribal territory that prohibits the reading of acts depicted in these stories, please stop reading immediately and move to somewhere that exists in the twenty-first century.

Archiving and reposting of this story is permitted, but only if acknowledgment of copyright and statement of limitation of use is included with the article. This story is copyright (c) 2016 by The Technician.

Individual readers may archive and/or print single copies of this story for personal, non-commercial use. Production of multiple copies of this story on paper, disk, or other fixed format is expressly forbidden.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Donna Spaulding sat in the back of her limo with a bluetooth earpiece in her left ear, an audio feed from her secretary in her right ear, and a laptop-notepad combo computer on her lap. She was on her way to the airport to begin a short "vacation" in Scotland, or at least that is what the press releases said.

In reality, she was checking out some possible locations for a new assembly plant. With Britain out of the EU, and Scotland most likely leaving the UK in order to stay with the EU, it was an ideal location to maintain connections on both sides of the Atlantic.

No one knew for sure how all of this would shake out, but Donna Spaulding didn't become one of the most powerful women in the world of high-finance business by playing it safe and waiting. When she saw an opening, she moved immediately, and her instincts were almost always right.

The press liked to portray her as the female heir to Spaulding Industries who had been carefully groomed by her powerful father to continue his successful leadership. But the reality was that her father's business was imploding when she took it over at the age of seventeen. The press releases had said that James Spaulding had suffered a mild, but physically debilitating stroke. The reality was that with his fortune crumbling around him, he had attempted to take his own life- only he couldn't even do that right.

He held the gun behind his ear, but the barrel was pointed so far upward, that all he did was crease his skull and give himself a very severe concussion. He recovered physically from the gunshot, but mentally he was never the same. The few who were ever allowed to see him called him, "an empty shell of his former self."

Donna kept her father's collapse secret, and began quietly running the company in his name. Her mother had been out of the picture for a long time, so it was simple enough to create the myth that James Spaulding had become a rich hermit recluse ala Howard Hughes.

The turnaround of Spaulding Industries made headlines worldwide. Six years later, James came out of the shadows very briefly to officially step down "for health reasons." In his short, but halting speech, he appointed his daughter to succeed him.

That was eleven long years ago. Since coming out of the shadows and publicly taking control Donna Spaulding showed herself to be a masterful businesswoman. She doubled Spaulding Industries size and profit in four years and doubled it again and then again until she now controlled a billion-dollar industry. 

At thirty-four years of age, she now had everything a woman could desire. There was only one thing missing in her life... love. 

No, that isn't right. She didn't miss love. She had never felt it and never given it. The closest she ever came to love was a hamster she kept in her bedroom when she was five. She cried when it died. Her eyes were clear when she buried her father. She didn't miss love. What she missed was sex.

She was still in high school when she was forced to take the reins of Spaulding Industries. While she governed from the behind the throne, she educated herself with business courses from this or that university, but she never went to college. Having to stay in the shadows, she never dated and never had a boyfriend. Still, she had all the needs of any healthy young woman.

She learned early that it was easy for a beautiful woman such as herself to lure a young man into her bed. The problem was that there were always strings. No matter how casual the sex was supposed to be, the men wanted more. They wanted "a relationship"- or maybe they just wanted a slice of the Spaulding fortune. For Donna it worked out the same. They wanted to be a part of her life.

Once, when she was a little further into her wine than normal, she confessed to her personal secretary that what she really wished for was someone who would fuck her senseless each night and leave her alone the rest of the time.

After several tempestuous, one-sided relationships, she followed the course her father had charted many years before and turned to paid companions. Whether it was someone to accompany her to various social functions or someone to share a bed with her for a few hours, it was strictly an employer-employee relationship.

The young men didn't complain. The pay was very good and the severance package when she tired of them would fully fund most retirement accounts- providing that they kept absolutely silent about what had happened in her bedroom.

Unfortunately, she had just cycled out her most recent companion and was having to resort to less satisfying alternatives- which usually meant a hired female with a strap-on. Donna very carefully vetted her gigolo bed mates, and they were checked regularly for disease. They knew for certain- because it had been clearly explained to them- that if they ever carried a disease to Donna's bed or disclosed what happened there, they would disappear forever. And when a billionaire makes that kind of promise, you know that it can be kept. 

A casual hook-up, or even a one time professional escort, carried too much risk of disease or other problems. A female professional with a strap-on was much safer. The strap-ons were always new and the females were carefully instructed as to what was allowed and what wasn't. Anything that could transmit disease was forbidden, but at the same time they were to provide Donna the necessary sexual relief.

Her secretary had once volunteered to help out, if necessary, but that would mix sex and business and that would be too close to "a relationship." Sex was something Donna did with strangers. Even if the stranger was in a long-term contract, she never remembered- or even learned- his name.

Trips such as this often caused sexual tension to build up in the CEO of Spaulding Industries. For this trip, her staff would have to make sure that after inspecting the possible plant locations and doing the necessary small talk with the local government people throughout the day, each evening there would be sufficient, discreet, relief arranged for her.

***

The flight was long and boring. Donna spent much of it asleep in her cabin at the back of the Boeing 737 which had been customized for her use. Her staff slept in the regular airplane seats up front, or on the couches in the lounge area.

There were four possible locations on the short list. That necessitated a four-day trip. The schedule for each day was basically the same. The day would begin with a long drive to the area in question. At noon, there would be a working lunch involving discussion with the local government, civic, and labor leaders. After a short break in the afternoon for private talks with local movers and shakers, there would be a detailed tour of the area. Then it was back to a local eating establishment to give the leaders a chance to make a "personal connection," and present their pitch for why their location should be chosen. After that, it was a trip to a neutral city to spend the night.

The first three days went exactly as scheduled. On the fourth day, they had seen all that was needed of the local area and were returning to the small village when a boulder suddenly broke loose from the hillside above their column of vehicles. It bounced quickly onto the road and slammed into the front of the car carrying Donna and a few local leaders. Everything happened so quickly that the driver barely had time to react before the front of the Range Rover was pushed out over the edge of the road. There was a quick drop... and then nothing.

Donna struggled to open her eyes against the darkness. "What happened?" she said sluggishly. "Is everyone all right?"

As her vision cleared it appeared that she was lying on a bed of some sort in what looked like a cave. Three beautiful women were standing in front of her. They were dressed in what appeared to be Gucci gowns. Each was holding a martini in her hand as if they were at some fine social event. The one on the left, a blonde, was also holding a phone to her ear. The one on the right, a brunette, was holding a notepad of some sort. The redhead in the middle held up her glass and spoke. "Welcome, Thane of Wall Street," she said as she swept her other hand downward as if in a bow.

"What? What is going on?" Donna sputtered. "Who are you?"

"We have been called many things through the ages," the blonde said as she set her phone on the table in front of them.

"We prefer," said the brunette, "to be called 'The Three Sisters.'"

"There was an accident," Donna said slowly. "The car went off the road."

"Everyone is fine," said the redhead cheerfully. "You are fine. We just needed an excuse to borrow you for a few minutes to give you our reasons for locating your facility in this area."

"And that is?.." Donna said warily.

"We have watched out over this land for many ages," the three sisters said in unison. The sound of their combined voices had an eerie quality to it. "The people in the villages around here," they continued, "respect us, even if they are no longer willing to mention us to outsiders."

The chorus ended and the redhead stepped forward. "We will give you whatever it is you want most in your life," she said slowly, "if you will give us what we want- which is that which is currently best for our people."

"In other words," Donna chuckled, "you will give me whatever I want most in life if I will locate my plant here?"

The blonde laughed and said, "I like the modern world where a woman can speak her mind clearly without having to hide things in riddles and puzzles."

"What do you think you can give me that would be worth my locating here?" Donna said with some amusement in her voice.

"You will know by morning," the three sisters said, once again in unison. "Until then, we return to the mists of the hills."

"Wait!" Donna yelled.

"She's awake!" another voice yelled. 

Donna looked around her. She was in the back seat of the Range Rover. The car was laying on its side at the bottom of a gully. An EMT of some sort was alongside her.

"Are you all right?" the young man asked.

"Aren't you the one who is supposed to know that?" she answered.

"Yes," he replied, "I am. And everything about you checks out fine... except you weren't with it for a while. You weren't quite conscious and you were mumbling like you were talking to someone. You wouldn't respond to me no matter how loud I yelled."

"I'm fine now," she said emphatically. "What about everyone else?"

"A couple of cuts and scratches," he replied. As he helped her out of the car through the open back cargo door, he added, "It looks like everyone is very lucky. Big Sister could have crushed you all."

"What?" Donna almost yelled. Then she said more quietly, "Sorry. What do you mean, Big Sister?"

"The rock formation up there," he said, pointing toward the top of the hill. "It is called The Three Sisters." He laughed lightly and continued, "I guess they will have to call it something else now that the biggest of the rocks has broken loose and rolled down the hill."

"Are you sure you are all right?" he asked as he helped her stand next to the Rover.

A moment later he asked, "Are you sure you don't want to go to hospital?" as they walked up the path back to the road.

"No," she replied. "I am fine. I will rest at the local inn tonight and if there are any problems when I get back to the US, I will see my own doctor."

A whole delegation of very worried people awaited her when she reached the road. Her staff was worried she was injured. The townspeople were worried she would have a negative impression of the area. And her personal secretary was worried that the whole carefully-arranged schedule for the rest of the day would be totally upset.

"We will be staying at the village inn this evening," Donna said calmly as the crowd gathered around her. Looking at her secretary she said, "Make the arrangements."

"No problem, Ma'am," her secretary replied, "... but there won't be time for any 'special' arrangements."

"I know," Donna said quietly. "I will be able to go without for one night." Looking out over the collection of people, she added brightly, "Besides, staying here in town will allow me to get a better flavor of the community."

The meal that evening had a slightly different tone to it than the previous days. Partly that was because everyone was concerned whether Donna had suffered any ill effects from the accident. But also it was because as they were eating, she asked for a better explanation of The Three Sisters. "I understand," she said, "that they are actually part of the local mythology or something."

It was very, very quiet around the table for a long while. Then one of the local women spoke up. She was a representative of the local historical and cultural society. "I think if you want the best explanation of the myth behind The Three Sisters," she said carefully, "you should read Macbeth."

"Ah," said Donna. "They're witches."

The Mayor startled and looked around the room quickly before saying, "It's best to always call them 'The Three Sisters.'" He then laughed nervously and said, "No use accidentally irritating anyone."

"I agree," Donna said flatly. "It is always best to call people what they prefer."

The mayor's eyes widened slightly, but he said nothing.

The meal ended with Donna's usual promises that a decision would be made shortly and that her people would contact their people, etc. etc. etc. As everyone walked out of the dining room, she said to her staff, "It has been a very long and tiring day. I am going up to my room and going to bed. I will see everyone at breakfast. Then it's a long drive back to the airport."

Her suitcase was sitting open at the end of the bed when she entered her room. A bath had been drawn and her favorite lavender bubble bath had been added to the water. It was a large, deep tub and the water felt luxurious. Any other day, she might have fallen asleep in the warm grasp of the scented waters. But tonight there was too much on her mind. And she had not had her much-needed sexual relief after the tensions of the day. Still, it was a very pleasurable bath and she lingered for nearly an hour before getting out and drying herself in preparation for going to bed.

She paused as she stepped out of the bathroom door. The bed had been turned down while she was in the tub. She had locked the door when she entered the room and had heard no one enter while she was soaking in the tub. Her suitcase had also been moved away from the foot of the bed.

The suitcase having been moved was no great problem. She usually slept nude, so there was nothing she needed from within it. What bothered her was that the covers had been pulled down so that they were totally removed from the bed. It was now just a bare sheet.

"Why would they do that?" she said aloud.

"You will soon see," a male voice replied and something grabbed her wrist. It wasn't totally dark in the room, but she still could not see what was gripping her. 

Whoever it was dragged her across the room and onto the bed. Her arm was pulled up toward the corner of the bed. She could feel a soft rope of some sort being wound around her wrist.

She tried to lash out with her other arm, but it was pulled just as strongly toward the other corner of the bed. Soft rope soon enclosed that wrist as well.

She tried to call out, but was unable to speak in more than a soft whisper. "Help, help," she heard herself say softly and knew immediately the futility of such a cry.

Another rope was wound around her left ankle. Whoever it was acted very quickly. Several winds of rope were around her before she could react at all. Before she could attempt to twist her body, the other leg was equally bound. Her legs were not pulled as tightly as her arms, but still the ropes were tight enough to spread her legs obscenely.

She lay panting on the bed, pulling at the ropes which held her in a giant, naked, X. Then she felt a hand upon her thigh. She still could not see who they were, but someone was rubbing the inside of her thigh very lightly with the tips of all the fingers on one hand.

A soft voice said, "Relax, I am not going to hurt you. The Sisters have sent me to give you what you have always wanted."

Part of Donna's mind wanted her to scream. But another part of her mind, the part which was so tense from the actions of the day, wanted her to sigh. The sigh won out and a soft "Ahhhhh," escaped her lips.

"You once told your secretary," the voice said softly, "that you wished for someone who would fuck you senseless each night and leave you alone the rest of the time." He laughed softly and said, "You were describing me."

Smoke seemed to swirl and shimmer in front of her eyes. With each shimmer the vapors seemed to get a little denser. With each swirl they seemed to get a little more defined in form. This continued, until with a faint tinkling sound, the dense smoke became the solid shape of a well-muscled male. His coloring was still slightly smokey, and his shape somehow lacked the absolute crispness of reality, but his flaccid sex twitched realistically as he knelt on the bed between her legs. And the touch of his hands was solid- but so very soft- on the flesh of her abdomen.

"There was something else you didn't say," he continued softly. "Perhaps you didn't even know it yourself." His hands moved up and cupped her breasts and another "Ahhhh" escaped her lips. This time it was less of a sigh and more of a cry of need. 

"Deep within your heart and soul," he said smoothly, "you want someone else to be in control once in a while." His fingers circled her nipples, causing them to go from engorged to painfully stiff.

"You want to be bound and helpless," he said as his fingers began to tweak and pinch her now very sensitive nipples. "You want to be forced higher than you have ever gone before."

He laughed as he leaned in and kissed her just below the navel. "And then you want to be fucked senseless."

Donna gasped once again as his lips began to move slowly up her stomach. "Ahhh, ahhh, Who, ahhh, are, ahhh, you?" she gasped out.
