 Nell tested the strength of the vines that bound her around her wrists and ankles, holding her hands above her head and her legs up and apart, spread obscenely. They were strong, but she knew if she really wanted to it would be reasonably easy to break them if necessary.

Truthfully, she was much more curious as to the reason she'd been brought to this sun-speckled alcove so far away from the home of the nymphs who'd ambushed her. The position she'd been tied in suggested something more than a simple kidnapping, and having been in a few situations such as this before, she had no problem relaxing.

She was just about to become impatient when two beautiful, nude, green women appeared from behind the trees. They were slim, with buoyant breasts and entirely smooth bodies. A bit of a contrast to Nell's imperfect human body: chubby and unshaven. Still, Nell was not without her own appeal. It was no surprise that these nymphs had chosen her to play with. She may not have been slim or perky, but her breasts were large, nipples big and pink, with plump pink lips; on her face, and in between her legs.

The curious nymphs wasted no time in immodestly exploring her body.

The first beat the second to the place in front of her pussy. She'd knelt down on the ground, spreading her outer lips to view the pulsing cavity with in. She seemed thoroughly fascinated with it, an haphazardly touched all the parts she deemed interesting. She traced her inner labia, prodding at her hole, warming her up well.

The second had come up beside her to lightly squeeze her breasts. This one seemed to know what she was doing a little more than the other, and pinched her nipples with both hands, causing Nell to moan.

The first now seemed to be transfixed on Nell's clit. She touched it lightly, and Nell jerked. This pleased her, and with a giggle she touched it again just once. Nell didn't react well enough that time, it seemed, so she pressed harder, and Nell moaned. It felt good. There was something about magical folk, she'd noticed, that made their touch particularly pleasurable.

Now they had their mouths on her, their magic-laced saliva coating her most sensitive parts and making them ache with pleasure.

After unspoken communication, the two creatures switched places, the more experienced one taking charge of Nell's pussy, while the other eagerly sucked and fondled her breasts.

The experienced nymph slid two long green fingers into Nell's vagina, curling them upward to rub her g-spot. It felt so good to feel them sliding around inside her, and it made her arch her hips toward her, desperate for more. The nymph rewarded this by beginning to lick and suck on her clit at the same time.

The pleasure of having her nipples sucked, her vagina filled and clit sucked was driving Nell wild, and she was moaning like crazy.

Just as she was about to cum, the girls quickly darted to the side.

Nell was about to protest, when she saw what had surprised them. A male nymph entered the clearing, cock long and gleaming. Nell gulped. It was huge, and engorged so much she knew he must have been rubbing it himself before entering their scene.

The shock gone, the girls returned to pleasuring Nell. The male, however, pushed the one in between her legs away, and positioned himself. The large head of his cock prodded between Nell's shiny outer lips. He rubbed against her clit, and it made Nell's head swim it felt so good.

More unspoken communication, and the unoccupied nymph joined the other, sucking on Nell's other nipple - the two of them latched onto her, their tongues happily playing with her sensitive mounds.

After minutes of teasing, the male finally pushed into her, filling her up and bottoming out. She gasped. The pleasure was indescribable. As he began thrusting she screamed with each movement. Every movement felt as though it was giving her thousands of little orgasms.

He began pumping faster now, in and out over and over again, she couldn't think anymore, she was just shaking and moaning uncontrollably.

The experienced nymph crawled down and leaned over her backwards, to suck on her clit again. Nell screamed, the pleasure of the female's fast and magical tongue paired with the fast pumping of the male's cock was overwhelming, and the second nymph was still playing with her nipples.

The male's cock was going so deep, with every thrust his skin slapped against hers and the head of his huge cock bumped against her womb. The nymph licking her clit opted for her fingers instead, and began violently rubbing her clit. The male began pumping even faster, and Nell felt the orgasm build to bursting. They all increased their pace even more, and her orgasm erupted. She screamed, and came so hard she couldn't control her spasming. They didn't stop, they all kept rubbing, licking and pumping in an out as she came and came, her orgasm seemed to last forever. As it ended, they still didn't stop, and it exploded once more. She screamed again and her entire body shook violently with the force of her second

orgasm. It seemed to last even longer than the first, and had even more force. Still, they didn't let up, and she came a third time, and somehow this orgasm was even stronger than the first two. She couldn't scream, she just opened her mouth silently and her eyes rolled back in her head as she trembled. It lasted for so long, she couldn't believe it was possible. After three more intense orgasms they finally let up, and each giving her a kiss, they untied her and left with satisfied smiles.

Nell couldn't stand, the pleasure had been so great, she could only sit in the alcove and try to catch her breath. There was no way she would be able to continue on her journey today. But perhaps if she stayed here overnight she might be lucky enough to find that the trio would return for a second time.