 Walking around the natural grotto by the Greek shoreline, I'm struck by a statue on one side, its stone worn by the passage of time, but the beauty and grace of its lines still evident. It's a nereid, I think, the sea nymph that once was the patron of this grotto. I wonder what sacred rites were once performed here...

When I turn to go, I trip, falling into the water. I pull myself out, dripping. The grotto seems transformed somehow. I can't put my finger on it until I look back at the statue and startle to find it transformed. Kneeling atop the pedestal is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, her hair the color of the Mediterranean, her gaze as she looks down at me cool, imperious, and sensuous all at once. Her whole body is covered by fine netting.

As I stare, she clears her throat, and holds out her hand to me, saying, "A little help, mortal?"

I stare in shock for a moment longer, then hurry to her, taking her hand and helping her down from the pedestal, her touch cool against my skin.

When she is done, she looks around, then back at me, her hand still in mine.

"It has been a long time since someone has come to my worship. Too long I think."

I find myself stammering, words failing as I try to explain that I'm not here to, I mean, I wouldn't even know how to...

She bursts out in a laugh, taking my head in her hands. "Don't worry, mortal, we all worship in our own ways." And with that, she pulls my face down to hers, kissing me full on the lips. While the rest of her feels cool, her lips are warm on mine, and she tastes of salt-spray and sunshine, and I feel myself coming most beautifully undone, my heart, body, and mind ready to be given over in worship of her.

Kissing my goddess is like diving under an oncoming wave, the force of it washing over you, carrying you along as you try to swim against the current, and when you emerge on the far side you're gasping for air, prepared to be tumbled under the water once more. When our lips part, we stand clinging to one another, faces only inches away, our breath mingling, laced with desire, the phantom memory of her tongue still filling my mouth.

I'm uncomfortably aware of how hard my cock is in my pants, straining for release, and yet, looking into her dark almond eyes staring up at me, all concerns about propriety seem unimportant. The waves of her hair carry all the colors of the ocean in them, and they seem to shimmer through shades of azure, teal, aquamarine, purple, and deep blue, and in her eyes I can see the stormy waters of eternal passion which only the bravest or most foolish sailors dare face.

"Now, how will you serve me?"

Before I can even formulate a response, I seem to be answering, hearing my voice as if for the first time. "By worshiping your body." I don't know where the words came from, and I feel shocked at the way her words pluck at the strings of my being, drawing forth from me a song I didn't know I had.

"I would look on you."

I find myself stripping, every action bent towards satisfying her desire to have me standing before her, naked and exposed, completely at her service. Without any conscious thought, I find myself hastily removing each article of clothing, heedless of where they land, as she stands before me, measuring my worth with every glance, and against all expectation, finding me suitable to her purposes. Leaning back, she slips into a natural seat formed in the rock wall, lifting one leg as she tells me to worship her feet.

On all fours, abjectly crawling toward her until I can take her foot in my hands, the skin creamy and smooth like alabaster, I begin to suck on her beautiful toes, kneading the sole of her foot with my thumbs, looking desirously up at her as I suck and let my tongue slide between and around each toe, tasting the depths of the sea the whole time. The fond way she looks at me makes me so happy, as if my joy is inextricably bound up with hers, and the whole time I'm hyper aware of how much I want to let my mouth drift to other areas of her body, waiting for her permission to work my way up inexorably to the pearl nestled between her legs.

When at last permission comes, it's subtle, the lightest touch of her fingers drawing me steadily up, my lips kissing her skin through the delicate fishnet wrapped around legs, past her knees, thighs, until my warm breath is washing over pussy and my tongue is lapping her clit, the fresh briny taste of her filling my mouth as her fingers twine around my hair, keeping my attentions focused where she most needs and desires.

As I pleasure her clit, I feel something on my feet, moving up my legs, though my focus is so wholly on her that I don't even realize what's happening at first. The most aerated water is slowly flooding the grotto, so filled with bubbles that it doesn't even register as liquid, feeling more like a million tiny kisses bursting against my skin, and as the level rises, I feel my body being drawn up, and my lips are tracking up the nymph's stomach to her breasts and chest until at last I reach the graceful curve of her neck, and I can feel the way her throat flutters as she gasps and moans. Our arms are wrapped around each other, legs twined, and as our lips press against each other, my cock enters her, and we are consumed by the water, which against all reason I find myself able to breathe in, though perhaps it has more to do with the fact that every breath I take is of her, pulling air hungrily from her mouth into mine.

We float together, our skin teased alert to every sensation by the constant rush of bubbles whose origins I can't fathom, and the feeling of her cunt wrapped around my cock pulls me deeper into her, filling her up as our bodies are rocked by the rhythmic motion of the water around us. Each thrust reveals undiscovered depths, the walls of her pussy thrumming with the rush of blood, keeping time as, tossed together by the water rushing around us, we lose all orientation but for the insistent awareness of the place where our bodies join, melding one into the other, no knowledge of up or down, only in and out, careful never to lose each other, only to lose ourselves in each other, until at last I feel her orgasm shuddering down the length of my shaft.

The waves of her orgasm wash against me and ebb back, again and again, until I'm losing all control, and my balls, already full to bursting by the way the bubbles of the water have been teasing the entire time we fuck, begin to expend themselves into her, strand after strand of sticky pearls of cum pressing into her cunt, lubricating each subsequent thrust until I am entirely wrung out, the ecstasy of the moment forcing my eyes closed as I feel the waters around us slowly recede until I am laid out on the soft, mossy floor of the grotto.

Looking around in wonder at the world made new, I find the nymph back on her pedestal, the only difference from when I entered the sly smirk now crossing her face as I slowly stand, washed clean.