 Foreword:

I'm going to shock a couple of you around there but I have to confess something. I'm not a big fan of Walt Disney's work of sweetening/softening/censoring the classics of juvenile literature.

Peter Pan was written by J.M. Barrie and is a harsh tale on refusing to grow old, on the different figures of womanhood and ruthlessness of children. In the end Hook dies killed by Peter who will take his place as the captain of the pirate ship because good cannot exist without evil (which is another theme of Barrie's novel, you don't get to live happily forever after).

My Pan is inspired by Barrie not by the cartoonist from Chicago. It is also a tale for Erotic Vampires lovers and therefore if you have stumbled upon this page by mistake and are not ready to go for adult themes such as sex, murder and violence I'd go back if I was you.

A few years ago a French (or was he Belgian?) comic book writer, named Régis Loisel, made an much more mature adaptation of the book and I can only recommend you all to have a look at it if you ever get the chance. I love his Tinkerbell and I was thinking about her when writing.

Please also take in account that this story was written by an Englishman at the beginning of the last century (XXth). The conformist way of speaking about the Native Americans was not a big hit at the time so please don't assault me on this. I just can hardly speak about Native Americans in Neverland. Consider that the "Indians" are like any other creature in Neverland made of the dreams of children and are more of a fantasy associated to adventure rather than a persecuted minority in the actual US. So please accept the fact that I'll be speaking of red-skins and Indians as a poetic license.

*****

1. Encounters

Tinker Bell is sitting on the higher most pick of the mountains of Neverland.

She is in a foul mood. All fairies, because of their size, are only able to experience one feeling at a time and they tend to take those to heart. She feels anger because Peter is now the Pirate Captain and in contact with is new merry companions he is actually growing old. When the English girl left back to her hometown the never aging kid changed. Pan's formerly soft cheeks are covered by an irregular nascent beard. His voice has changed too, from time to time, when he is shouting or excited his voice breaks. The sound he makes reminds her of the screeching of a fork against a pan.

With Hook gone for good and the lost boys found again he moved away from the fairies. He left the little clearing they used to call home and he's now living on the Jolly Rodger. Most of his free time is spent with that redskin twat. Free time, come on, the notion is actually an aberration when talking about Peter. She's pretty sure that what she heard a couple of nights ago when she flew around the tipi of the Indian princess weren't laughs

The thought infuriates her but when a shooting star crosses the sky she realizes that the night has fallen and that she will have to fly back to Pixie Hollow in the dark. Her anger is replaced by subtle fear.

She unfolds her tiny dragonfly wings and jumps off the rock she's sitting on. A strong south wind rises, pushing her back towards the mountain. She takes out her bag of stardust to power up her flight but something hits her and sends her flying into some bushes. Pestering in the chiming language of fairies she emerges from the mountain range to find herself in front of an enormous bat.

There shouldn't be any bats in Neverland. All things on the island are made of dreams and bats are the stuff of nightmares. Tinker Bell has encountered some while flying in the world of humans but never in Neverland.

This particular bat is different, its figure is vaguely human, a sculptural but crude female form to be more precise; its fangs, dripping saliva, are particularly big, its grey fur is covered with dark stains. It looks very hungry and it seems that Tinker Bell might be on the menu. As the bat jumps for her she takes off dodging it. The creature is on her tail, she tries a couple of maneuvers but it sticks to her like a gum to a shoe on hot day in the summer. For a moment she looses it in the trees but as soon as she feels safe it's on her back again. She flies and flies all around the mountain but the bat gains on her as she grows tired. She can hear the leathery flapping of the wings behind her. She can sense the tiny claws reaching for her ankles. All that she feels at that moment is terror; she's never felt so much horror. Not so far in front of her are the Great Plains, if she can make it there she'll hide in the tall grass, if she makes it...

But she doesn't. The animal grabs her in its claws ripping her tiny clothes in the process and drags her towards the moon in the night sky. Caught under the beast she's unable to move. She screams and screams but her voice is covered by the flapping of the gigantic wings. The monster looks at her and draws her nearer to its saliva dripping muzzle. She can feel the fangs of the creature tearing her apart, feasting on her flesh and blood, but where there should be pain there is only a new sensation. 

A feeling Tinker Bell has never experienced, a feeling of warmth growing in her guts, in her loins, in her tiny vagina. She screams even more but now it's for something else. As life abandons her little carcass, she drops the tiny bag of stardust she's holding, sparkling too generously the creature and then she's free, falling towards the ground...

Propelled by the stardust, an astonished vampire bat flies toward the horizon; the amount of fairy dust it's been dosed with guarantees him to fly for a long time, a long long time. It might land, someday, or not... But something is sure; in the future it will avoid at all costs this strange Island, second to the right, and straight on till morning.

When Tinker Bell opens her eyes, everything is dark around her. She tries to move but her whole body seems wrapped in some kind of cocoon. She kicks and punches until her tiny fingers start reaping the paper-like fabric. The night is much older now but the morning and the sun are still far away below the horizon.

As she frees herself from the cocoon around her she starts pestering. The sound she makes is different, huskier, deeper. She stops. She speaks again, her voice has changed. She kind of likes it. She feels it somehow makes her more powerful, she feels that now her opinion will be taken in account by her sisters, that her queen will stop seeing her as an immature childe, that Peter will have no choice but to listen to her. She grins... Peter... As she evokes the never aging kid, she realizes that her feelings towards him have changed, oddly it makes her mouth water.

She tries to jump to fly away but her wings won't respond as they used to. She falls disgracefully into a puddle. She stumbles around fulminating even more before stopping abruptly. She looks at the water and a funny looking little fairy is looking back at her. She has tiny bat wings, tiny claws; her tiny eyes reflect a hunger burning with more dedication than the tar pits of Saddam. The Demon looks back at Tinker Bell smiling. From the tiny mouth a pair of tiny fangs stands out. The face of the creature looks terribly familiar, the fairy now smiling even more touches her body. Her breasts have grown bigger, her ass is firmer.

Enjoying the view of her new self, she rubs a finger against her twat finding it all wet. She can't restrain a moan. From the pleasure, her fangs extend a little more. She knows exactly where she'll put them next.

2. Tricky Pixie, bloody Pixie

The task of the Queen of the fairies is a tedious one as she is the mother of all the pixies in her colony. Like every night, Baby Bell, Queen of Pixie Hollow, is tending to the eggs, the newborns and the youngsters. With each child born in the human world a new Fairy comes out of an egg somewhere in one of the many fairy colonies. The fairy will reach maturity in a matter of months, the time for the human child to reach consciousness and start to dream.

Two hundred years ago the fairy people used to live in the many forests of the World. Hiding from human eyes, they thrived on the lore and beliefs of the commoners showing themselves only to the most adventurous children to keep their legend alive. Peace was guaranteed by an unspoken pact between the folklore people and the Large as they called the humans in that time, and it was good. But when industrial revolution turned upside down the world of the Large, it became obvious to the fairies that they needed to find more secluded hiding places. Many colonies relocated north where the winter is long and cold and where humans are few, but her great grandmother had managed to find this island, the island of children's dreams and all was good again.

After covering the last batch of eggs with compost, Baby Bell decides to retire to her nest in the largest oak of the clearing. As she leaves the large cavity where her hatchlings rest, she spots a dim red light in a remote and dark corner of the glade. Curious, like any other fairy, she flies closer to have a look. She discovers a strange creature who is observing Pixie Hollow. From a distance it looks pretty much like a female fairy except for a few odd features; she has leathery bat wings, her skin is of the color of the moon, her forms are more mature, more provocative than the childish curves of the pixies and the glow she emits is dark red, blood red.

Baby Bell is amazed by this new species of folklore she has never seen before. She's admires its beauty wondering what kind of legend she emerged from. As she approaches, the queen salutes the creature welcoming her to Pixie Hollow and offering her to stay for the night. The little devilish pixie turns revealing her face. Baby Bell stops, astonished. The creature has the traits of one of her more preeminent subjects, the fairy of the never aging child, Tinker Bell. The creature passes her pointy tongue over her ruby lips. Sensually, she flies towards her queen.

The devilish fairy flies around the petrified queen. The flaps of her large wings send the monarch bumping to the ground. Tinker Bell lands by the side of her queen. Her folded wings now look like two very large threatening horns. She kneels by Baby Bell gently stroking her trembling cheek. Her eyes now glow with a ravenous light.

Tinker Bell grabs Baby's chin forcing her to turn her head to the side. Tinker's fangs extend reflecting the light of the moon. With her tongue she leaves a long trail of cold saliva on her queen's neck. At the mercy of the tiny devil, Baby Bell shivers. She feels both excited and terrified. The mouth closes on her neck sending a wave of orgasmic lust into the queen's guts. Baby Bell starts to pant. Tinker Bell scraps her fangs against the tender skin and slides a hand under Baby's skirt softly caressing the royal lower lips.

Mature fairies aren't sexually active creatures; they pass a short period of sexual frenzy when the child they're connected to goes through the self discovery phase. During that trying period the fairies are sent in exile in some remote area for as long as it lasts and it usually doesn't. Baby Bell, as a Queen, has lived for a very long time and she hardly remembers her exile, but she knows that what she's feeling now has nothing to do with the purity of innocent pleasure she felt overwhelmed by at that time. The pleasure she's experiencing now is riddled with perversion. As Tinker Bell continues kissing her neck she starts to cry.

Tinker Bell withdraws from the neck leaving a long string of saliva and licks the tears from her queen's cheeks. She lifts her head as her fangs grow even longer and strikes on Baby's neck. Simultaneously, her fingers part the now moist lips and penetrate the pussy of her queen. Baby gasps for air as she's overwhelmed by the mixed sensation of extreme pleasure and extreme pain. The sucking on her neck and the pumping on her intimacy washes away any scraps of will to resist she might have had and she abandons herself to her new mistress.

As she exits her cocoon she notices that the clearing is particularly dark. The glow of her subjects' lights normally cast a vivid brightness at night in the glade. It's as if they were fading away. Here and there small dark red dots start appearing like bloody stars in an early doomsday evening sky. Tinker Bell must have already moved on to bring more sisters into the fold. She smiles spreading her wings, and flies off towards a one of the remaining lights.

She enters a small cavity; it's the usual resting place of her daughter Bell End, a not so bright, figuratively speaking, fairy. Inside, the little pixie is sleeping tightly on her flower bed. Baby Bell slips next to her child taking care not to wake her up. The heat of her offspring makes her realize for the first time how cold she must be now. She pushes Bell End's hair to a side revealing the proverbial alabaster neck. Her fangs penetrate the soft skin filling her mouth with delicious, hot and rich blood. Bell End shrieks out in pain and fear. She kicks, squirming as hard as she can but to no avail as Baby Bell's mouth is firmly locked onto her neck. Bell End is unable to escape. Her scream spreads through the clearing alerting the few untouched fairies. 

Panic hits the glade as tens of small lights take to the sky in a desperate attempt to flee. A few manage to escape but most are caught by the new sisters of Tinker Bell. Big Ben, the strongest, meanest and biggest fairy of the colony, fights bravely against half a dozen of her converted sisters. She manages to repel one, two but the third one manages to get a lock on her neck holding her still long enough for the remaining two to sink their fangs into her muscular tights. Door Bell is caught by two assailants as she exits her nest just to be thrown back in. Inside, she's bitten time and time again by the avid newly born vampire fairies. Dinner Bell manages to reach the crown of the trees but she's ambushed, pinned against the trunk of the highest oak and feasted upon by the same fairy she played with all afternoon.

Baby Bell exits Bell End's nest as the cocoon behind her starts to crack. She's joined by Tinker Bell and together they admire the transformation of the colony of sweet caring and playful fairies into a swarm of magical blood thirsty flying piranhas. They consult each other, knowing already where they will take their flock to feed next. 

3 Red skin, Red blood

Tiger Lilly is having a terrible night. Her father, Great Big Little Panther, is snoring like a sow during the mating season. Her mother, before going to sleep, got the fire going again and the atmosphere in the tipi is now so stifling that the flies have to dig their way through the thick air. On top of that she should never have had that second serving of Elk meat, it's making her having nightmares. After a few hours of rolling around trying to find a comfortable spot to finally fall asleep, she decides to go out to take a breath. Not expecting to find anyone awake in the camp, the warriors probably being dead drunk by now, she only wraps her shoulders in a heavy throw.

The cold night wind refreshes her as soon as she steps outside. The camp is sound asleep; the silence only disturbed by the occasional cricket looking for a mate. She walks to the great fire, now only a pile of ashes and dying embers. She sits looking at the thousand of tiny candles in the sky. Since Peter killed that horrible Captain Hook a lot of things have changed in Neverland. She shrugs in pleasure at the memory of the games they now share in the family tipi when father is away hunting and mother with the other squaws of the tribe. She gently rubs her intimacy enjoying the thought of her man's cock. Her fingers playing with her love button, her small breast rise towards the sky at the rhythm of her jerky breathe. A little while later, two fingers in her cunt, she smiles as she reaches a lonesome orgasm under the stars.

A faint humming noise pulls her out of her thoughts. The strange sound comes from down the Valley. She stands wiping her wet fingers against the throw she's wearing and walks to the large rock above the encampment to get a better view. At first she sees nothing but soon the forest down below is bathed in a strange reddish glow. It's as if it was on fire. Tiger Lilly squints to see better.

The light leaves the forest becoming a strange fog slowly climbing the hill towards the camp. The humming grows as the cloud gets nearer. Before long the Indian princess is able to distinguish the hundreds of tiny lights that compose the cloud, a large swarm of fairies probably, but fairy light ranges from orange to white not this dark red and they never travel in such great numbers. As they reach the edge of the camp, Tiger Lilly is more than worried. The scream of terror of the sleeping sentinel freezes her. The swarm engulfs the silhouette of the man lifting it up like a rag doll, his shouts now muffled by the terrible sound of the swarm of fairies. The proud red-skin warrior is soon silenced and dropped. He lies dead on the ground covered in blood.

She gets her wits back and falls to the floor hiding from view. She observes, horrified, as the red fog spreads through the encampment. Woken up by the sentinel's alert, the warriors rush out of their tipis, tomahawk in hand. But alas, they are treated like the first victim of the fairies, grabbed by the tiny creatures, lifted in the air and tossed back on the ground, dead. A couple of them manage to get a few fairies but with each fallen pixie a dozen more take its place and the fierce Indians are soon overwhelmed.

In a matter of minutes everything is finished. Tiger Lilly's shocked, she has just witnessed her father and brothers torn apart. From the middle of the swarm a ferocious tingling voice emerges. With her rudimentary knowledge of the fairy language, Tiger Lilly makes a rough translation out of it.

"Sisters," says the fairy she identifies as the capricious Tinker Bell "let's gorge ourselves on the females but remember the princess is mine, I want that bitch to suffer."

Tiger Lilly can only curl up in fear. The swarm fly into the tipis and a terrible symphony of screams engulfs the camp. Soon in the midst of the horror more and more sighs of pleasure emerge. Although she's terrified, she cannot help herself but to feel excited by the chant ascending from the camp. Suddenly, her friend Dog Rose throws herself out of her tent. Her clothes are torn revealing her beautiful ass. A group of fairies fall on her and grab her by the arms, legs and hair. They lift her and throw her into a pile of wood. She tries to stand up but the fairies are already on her. Forcing her to spread the legs the tiny monsters attach themselves to her, their tiny mouths savagely biting Tiger Lilly's friend's ass, tits, neck, mouth, tights...

Dog Rose's screams soon quiet down to become an indecent cry of pleasure. Her blank eyes fall on the rock where Tiger Lilly is hiding, she seems to be begging her for help. A couple more Indian women manage to escape the tipis but they are all caught and thrown back into the dark swarm.

Unable to bear more of this savagery, Tiger Lilly crawls away from the terrible scene towards the pine forest behind her. She's mortified but she knows there's nothing she can do except for a stupid act of bravery that would result in her suffering the same fate as her tribe fellows. She has to go to Peter, he'll know what to do and he'll protect her. She stands as soon as she feels that the forest will provide her enough cover.

The cries of all her friends fade behind her as she runs towards the shore. The reassuring sounds of the forest soon surround her. Progression becomes more and more difficult as she gets closer to the swamps. She trips time and time again on the old apparent roots of the mangroves. Exhausted, she decides to take a break and catch her breath. She sits on a small rock, silent. The light of the moon falls upon her breaking through the dense foliage of the trees. Sorrow overwhelms her as she comes to realize that her entire tribe is now probably dead, she starts to cry.
