 Adrian sat in the cold room. He stared at the one-way mirror knowing that the military personnel looking at him from behind it were debating on what they were going to do with him. Adrian smiled as he looked at it. 

Two minutes ago he laid it all on the line. He told them about Solaria and how he met her, and that she had been in his house the whole time. He left out the other sordid details. 

As he sat in the cold steel chair, he began to ponder on the options Solaria had given him. The moment they started to ask questions and drill him on the whereabouts of the alien known as Solaria. She had told him she could get him out of there in a blink of an eye. 

Adrian had fun with the officers letting them know of her capabilities; at first, they doubted him. After making a pen disappear and reappear on the other side of the room, one of the soldiers drew his gun only for it to disappear and reappear unloaded with all the bullets missing a few seconds later. 

Adrian told them she could do this with human bodies. The thought of being taken away from their safe location and being left drifting in orbit filled most of the soldiers and the officers with dread. They left him alone a few moments ago, no doubt they were talking with their higher-ups, asking on how to deal with the situation at hand. 

"Well?" Solaria asked. 

"Both options are intriguing, to say the least," Adrian replied. 

On the one hand, he could leave everything behind and travel to Solaria's home planet. On the other, she could give him a new identity, enough money that he would never have to work again. Adrian imagined himself in another country or traveling the world. He had always wanted to travel. 

He also thought about traveling to a new world, a new planet. Adrian had no ties to keep him here, he was an only child, both his parents had long since passed, the only person that he cared for was Gail, and she had made it clear that she didn't feel the same way about him. 

An officer returned to the room. "We have spoken..." he began to say before Adrian lifted a finger. 

"I have told you all you need to know," Adrian stated. "I want to talk to Gail. If you cannot do that, then I will be on my way." 

The officer looked back at the mirror. They had already proven they could not stop Adrian from leaving. They had no way of knowing how the technology worked. Aiming weapons at Adrian had been futile. Even getting close to him had adverse effects as two of the soldiers that tried to get close to him had ended up back at the mall. 

The warning from the alien guarding Adrian had stated the next humans to touch Adrian will end up floating in space. They dared not risk it. 

The officer looked at the mirror as if waiting for an answer. The door opened, and Gail entered the room. 

"Leave us," Adrian said looking at the officer. 

"We have other questions that need to be answered," the officer said. 

"Solaria," Adrian said through their mind link. 

The officer disappeared. 

"Where did she send him?" Gail asked calmly as she sat down. 

"The next room," Adrian replied. 

"So," Gail said as she looked at him. "You are leaving?" 

"It's that obvious?" Adrian replied. 

"You wouldn't have shown all your cards if you did not intend to use them," Gail nodded. "They can't stop you. They don't even know how you do it. The only reason you are still here is to say goodbye." 

Adrian smiled. "You have always been good to me. It's only right to say goodbye." 

"Thank you," Gail smiled. "I am sorry it didn't work out between us." 

"No you're not," Adrian smiled. "Guilt is not a reason for apologizing, you decided to make a decision, and you haven't backed down from it before, there is no reason to back down now." 

Gail shook her head. "Always the realist," she looked back at the mirror. "They won't stop looking for you." 

"I am sure they will try," Adrian smiled. 

"Do me a favor?" Gail said as she looked at him with the eyes he had fallen for years back. "Find happiness. You have never been happy; something I have always regretted not giving you." 

"I will try," Adrian nodded. "I am sorry to leave you with all this mess." 

Gail laughed. "No, you're not." 

"No, I am not," Adrian said as officers and soldiers burst into the room. 

"Goodbye," Gail said as Adrian disappeared. 

As Adrian felt himself being pulled away, he heard a gun going off. Then everything went black. 

"Hello," Adrian said in the pitch darkness. There was no answer. "Solaria?" 

"I am here," she responded. "A bullet entered the transference field at the same time. We are making sure it hasn't done you any harm." 

Adrian felt another tug. He felt strange as if his body was new to him. "What happened?" Adrian said as he tried to get up. Immediately he fell to the floor or what seemed like a floor. Everything was metal with bright colored lights all around him. 

"Where am I?" he said trying to get up. 

"The human needs more time," a loud voice said. 

"Adrian," Solaria said this time he heard her voice louder than he ever had. He tried to get up to his feet again. Down he went to his knees. "What is wrong with me?' 

"The gravity on board my ship is greater than what you experience on Earth, it will take some time to adjust. Also, we had to separate your consciousness from your body to repair the damage done by the bullet." 

"Separate?" Adrian said. "Will I..." 

"Putting the human to sleep," the other voice said. 

Adrian felt a sharp jolt before he passed out. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Adrian slowly awoke, he looked around and found himself back in his bed. "Solaria," he said as he lifted the covers. He was still dressed in the clothes he had been wearing before. When he got out of bed, he noticed there was something different about his room. Everything was backward. Nothing was in the place it should be everything was in the opposite place it should have been, as if... "It's mirrored," Adrian nodded as he figured it out. 

"We tried to make it as close as possible," the voice from before boomed. 

Adrian covered his ears. "Too loud," he said. 

"Is this a more suitable level?" the voice asked at a much lower decibel. 

"Much, thank you," Adrian replied. "So, I am still on the ship?" 

"Yes," the voice answered. 

"And you are?" Adrian said as he went towards the door. 

"The ship's A.I., " The voice answered. "I control everything on board." 

The door slid open. Adrian found himself in a large corridor. He slowly walked outside looking at the lines of lights that blinked on and off everywhere. "Where is Solaria?" Adrian asked. 

"She is in the control room, plotting our course home," the voice said. "Follow the yellow lights." 

A stream of yellow lights lit the floor directing Adrian on where to go. He slowly walked forward. 

"Have you made up your mind?" the voice asked. 

"Yes, and no," Adrian replied. "There are questions I would like to ask." 

"Of course, it is the human way." 

"What do I call you?" Adrian asked. 

"I do not have a name, but I understand that humans feel comfortable when they put a label on things, so you can give me a name if you so choose." 

"Dexter," Adrian smiled. 

"Dexter it is then." 

As Adrian walked along the connecting corridors and pathways, he realized a few things. There were no doors to other parts of the ship. Everything was high up, things that he thought were panels or switches were nearly impossible for him to reach unless he was much taller. 

"Solaria," Adrian said hoping she was still reading his thoughts. 

"You are nearly here," Solaria said. "I will explain everything." 

Adrian didn't know if he should be scared or concerned at the tone in her voice. For the first time since that fateful night, she sounded frightened. 

Adrian turned one more corner. He stopped dead in his tracks as he was shocked at what he saw. 

"I can explain," Solaria said standing before him. 

Adrian stared up at her. She towered over him not by only a few inches but many feet. 

"No," Adrian said nodding his head. "It makes sense." 

"It does?" Solaria asked as she watched the small human walk towards her. 

"The size of the ship," Adrian said as he smiled. "You said you were the only person on board. I always found that strange, if you were the only one, then why was the ship so big?" 

Solaria looked at him. "You are not angry?" 

"No," Adrian shook his head. "Why would I be? You were only protecting yourself." 

He walked towards what he thought looked like the control console. He couldn't see all of it due to his height. 

"I could lift you up," Solaria said as she walked over to him. 

Adrian smiled. His height of six feet brought his head just under her waist and the top of her thighs. "Sure," he said feeling like a small child. 

Solaria bent over and picked him up with both hands. Her hands felt cold. Her bright purple eyes stared at him as she put him down on the control panel. 

From the view, the rest of the control room made sense to Adrian. The panels he thought were just for visuals were panels with levers and buttons. "Well?" Solaria said as she looked at him. 

Adrian turned to look at the Earth on the screen just above the panel. "Nothing left for me here," Adrian said as he looked down at the blue marble. 

"Are you sure?" Dexter asked. "Once we leave orbit we only have enough power to get home. If you change your mind, it could be a while until we can get another craft to bring you back here." 

Adrian stared at the giant planet just below. "Yes," Adrian nodded. He wanted to feel something for anyone down there, but nothing came to him. 

Adrian felt a small jerk as he stood on the panel. The ship began to move backward. Then in a swift and quick move, it turned itself around. 

"Hold on," Solaria said grabbing him with both hands as the ship shot forward. The screen faded away. 

"How long until we get to your homeworld?" Adrian asked. 

"Eleven hours," Dexter replied. "I have other ship duties to attend to at the moment. I will be offline for a while." 

"Eleven hours?" Adrian asked. 

"Our planet is light years from Earth," Solaria said as she stared at Adrian. "Even if humans got into space at their best understanding of space travel it would take them many years to reach our system. To reach there from Earth, they would pass many hostile systems. Our way is not only faster but with slight navigation changes we can pass through many systems unnoticed." 

Adrian sat down on the panel with his legs dangling off the edge. "What do you usually do for eleven hours?" 

"I usually leave the ship controls to the controller, and I shut down," Solaria said. 

"I guess I could sleep," Adrian said. He looked down at the ground it seemed so far down. He knew he could probably jump down if he had to, but he looked at Solaria. 

Solaria lifted him down. "I am beginning to think you like this arrangement," she said as she put him down. 

"It has its advantages," Adrian nodded. "Can you get any taller?" 

"This is as short as I can go, while I am in the ship," Solaria said as she took to her knees. Even then she was a few feet taller than him. "On my planet, we are all the same size. You will be the first to see what we have become since the merging." 

"About that," Adrian said as he felt the need to ask. "Will I be welcomed, you said it would be a long time..." 

Solaria put one of her metal fingers up. "Our race doesn't hate, even our enemies the ones that we fought against are welcomed on our planet. Hate is the sure way civilization will end in ruin. The human race such as it stands at the moment will perish quickly not reaching the stars because of their hate and mistrust in each other." 

Adrian nodded. "Like I said most of us know that, we feel it, but yet we don't know how to stop." 

"That is something you will not have to worry about," Solaria said her purple eyes were blinking on and off. 

Adrian smiled; he knew that meant she was happy. He yawned loudly. "Eleven hours," he said as he blinked his eyes. 

"Let's get you to bed," Solaria stood up. As she got up, she picked him up and carried him in the nook of one of her arms. 

"Why do I feel like a child?" Adrian said. 

"It is a long walk to your room for your small feet. Do you prefer to walk or be carried?" Solaria said. 

"I see interacting with humans have given you a sense of humor," Adrian said. Solaria stopped her eyes blinked fast. Adrian waited for the process to end. 

"I have developed a personality," Solaria said it was more of a statement. 

"Yes, you have," Adrian said. "Is that uncommon?" 

"Yes, very," Solaria responded as she continued walking. "Our culture is factually based, facts and realistic views govern our way of life, personalities or individual thoughts are not perceived as viable needs." 

"What will happen when you return?" Adrian asked. 

"My consciousness will be perceived moments before we arrive, they will detect my new personality," Solaria stopped. "They will either accept it or delete it." 

"Delete it?" Adrian said stunned as he looked at her. 

"I will cease to have a personality, and any memories of what happened on Earth," Solaria said. "Don't worry they will accept you. The controller will see to it that they will know what you did for both of us." 

"Still," Adrian said as Solaria placed him down onto the ground. "You will forget everything." 

Solaria stood still for a moment. Her metal skin shimmered as she became the human female she had pieced together to make up her own unique identity. "This is what I will miss most," Solaria said. "It is the first time I became something unique." 

"You still are, to me anyway," Adrian said. "If they take that from you then I will request to return to Earth." 

"No!" Solaria said with anger in her voice. The human face turned to anger. "You cannot return; they are not worth it; they will not give you the change of identity or a way to live; they will return you to the same place you left." 

"So be it," Adrian shrugged. "Without you, there is no reason for me to be on your planet." 

Solaria smiled. "You're just saying that to make me feel..." she stopped. "I felt, I have... feelings." 

"You have been saying I and not we for a while now," Adrian smiled. 

The human face turned to shock as Solaria realized that she had changed. "Controller?" she said. 

"Yes," Dexter replied. 

"Have I been altered, have any of my programming or systems been affected?" Solaria asked. 

"Scanning," Dexter said as a bright blue light fell over Solaria. "Everything is running as it should be, is there a problem?" 

"No," Solaria responded. "Carry on." 

Adrian shook his head. "It is not a malfunction. It is unique." 

"But this could be a problem on my planet, I can't think of just myself," Solaria shook her head. "It wouldn't be right." 

"Do you still care for your fellow citizens?" Adrian asked. 

"Of course," Solaria said. 

"Then nothing has changed," Adrian said as he turned to the makeshift door. "Is this a room?" 

"Yes," Solaria nodded. "It was a room for parts and extra pieces for the ship and myself." 

"A storage closet," Adrian nodded. 

"Of sorts," Solaria replied. "You're staring," Solaria said down to him with a smile.

"It's hard not too," Adrian replied. Even as he tried to look up at her standing above him, he could barely see her face as her incredibly large boobs jutted out from her body. As big as they were when she was human-sized, her now giant status had made them immense. 

"I thought me being like this would change things?" Solaria said as she knelt down. 

Adrian stood still as now her chest was at eye level with him. Her cleavage was as long as his arm. "This doesn't help," he shook his head. 

Solaria smiled. "It is good to see that I still have that effect on you, even at my height." 

Adrian nodded. He knew it was wrong; she was a giant, that could easily hurt him if she wanted. "We could go in your room, if you wanted," Solaria smiled her human looked at him with a naughty grin. 

"You won't fit," Adrian said as he looked at the makeshift door to his room. 

"Go inside," Solaria said as she stood back up. 

Adrian was hesitant at first, not knowing what Solaria had planned, but she had given him no reason to question her motives so far, so he went into the makeshift bedroom. Everything was how it was supposed to be except for everything being in the opposite place. Then he felt a small shift beneath him it felt as if everything had moved, but he had stayed in the same spot. He fell to his knees feeling a little dizzy. 

When he stood back up everything had grown. His bed towered before him. "Up here," Solaria said as she was lying on the bed. "Do you need help up?" 

"No," Adrian said defiantly. 

Now Adrian knew how a small child felt when they went into their parent's bedroom. The top of the bed was an inch or two above his head. He walked up to it and jumped. He used his hands and arms to pull him up and his feet to push himself upward. 

"You made it," Solaria said her smile looking down at him. 

"You look bigger than before," Adrian stated as he looked at Solaria lying down on the bed. 

"Yes, anytime I use any of the ship's systems I will gain height towards my natural measurements," Solaria said. "That is why I brought the instruments down." 

"Ah," Adrian said. He couldn't stop staring at her enormous chest encased in a blue top the cleavage line was as long as he was tall. Each boob was just as big or bigger than him. 

"I could make them shrink if that's what you would like," Solaria teased with a smile as she laid on her side facing him. Her head was leaning on her hand as she held her head up. 

Her body was huge. Adrian looked at her long legs, that went up to her short jean shorts and a blue top that showed her tight stomach, then there were her massive mountains for tits. 

Proportion wise they were too big for a human female even for her gigantic size, just like the moment down on Earth before they went out to dinner. If a human female had a chest this big, they would fall flat on their face. 

"No," Adrian said shaking his head. Deep down he knew he was crazy. No man should be turned on by a giant woman with these proportions. She could quickly turn over once and squash him with her chest or pin him down under her legs. 

"I can go smaller," Solaria said with the same grin. "Not to your height, but..." 

Adrian shook his head. "You're magnificent." 

Solaria's eyes even though human-like still glowed the bright purple. Now they were blinking off and on repeatedly. "That is wonderful of you to say," Solaria said as she leaned forward. Her large head was the size of his torso. She kissed him gently. 

Adrian kissed her back feeling her warm face. "You don't feel cold," he said as they parted lips. 

"I'm on my ship. We share energy. I will no longer need to rest or recharge. Also," Solaria said. "No more blackouts, when you inject me." 

Adrian smiled as she said that word. He knew she meant cum inside her, but the word inject was such a descriptive word. 

Solaria's body shimmered again, and the clothes disappeared. 

Adrian laid down on the bed in pure amazement. "Well?" Solaria said as she moved closer to him. "Don't you want to touch?" 

Adrian wanted to do more than touch. He pressed his hands forward to touch her massive chest. As she laid on her side, her boobs naturally fell on top of each other. He squeezed and played with her large nipples. For their size, they still felt naturally firm but soft as he moved his hands around them. 

Solaria smiled as she looked down on him. Adrian felt like he was on cloud nine. Then his clothes disappeared. 

"How, where?" he said stunned. 
