 "We are here," Dexter said interrupting Solaria and Adrian. 

Adrian was lying on his back as Solaria large body bounced up and down on his dick. Solaria expertly rode his dick without causing her massive body to crush Adrian underneath her. 

"Just a moment," Solaria responded as she felt Adrian's body tense under hers. 

Adrian nodded as he stared up at her enormous tits bouncing up and down. "I'm cumming," Adrian's body tensed as he shot his cum deep inside Solaria. Immediately she fell to his side as her body went cold. 

"Dexter?" Adrian asked as he looked at Solaria's silent large body next to him. 

"Yes," Dexter replied. 

"Where are we exactly?" Adrian asked as he got out of the large bed. The way down seemed like a significant drop. 

"Are you going to jump?" Solaria asked as she looked at him with her purple eyes. 

Adrian knew he could make it, but why risk getting hurt when he knew she would gladly carry him. 

After getting dressed, Solaria carried Adrian to the central control room. Solaria put Adrian down on the large console. What he saw in front of him was amazing. The planet was much larger than Earth. The oceans looked like they were bright silver. The lights from the cities sparkled like glitter on a black canvas. 

"It's beautiful," Adrian said as he stared at the bright marble ball in front of him. As the ship got closer, the larger it got. "It's huge!" 

Adrian thought that Earth was enormous when he saw it for the first time from the ships view screen. This planet made Earth seem like a small marble next to a bowling ball. "How many of you are there on the planet?" 

"Four thousand, three hundred and sixty-two," Dexter replied. 

Adrian turned in shock as he looked at Solaria. "That's it?" 

"Yes," Solaria responded. "Anymore than that we would deplete our resources, we wouldn't have enough tasks for each of us to do, and it will make our lives difficult to maintain order." 

Adrian nodded. It was the most logical answer. "It would eliminate a lot of problems on Earth if we did the same thing." 

"There is no turning back for your planet, it will end sooner than most of you think," Dexter replied. 

The ship had started its descent through the atmosphere. What Adrian saw next made him move forward. The cities were huge compared to Earth. The buildings nearly scraped the skyline, rows, and rows of smaller buildings lit with a variety of colors greeted the ship as it flew over them. 

What looked like clear tubes linked all the buildings. Adrian tried to peer through the glass, but he couldn't see what was inside. He guessed it was a way of travel. 

The ship stopped and started to lower itself down into the top of one of the most significant buildings. As it lowered another craft shot out of one of the openings. "What was that?" Adrian said, looking up. 

"I have returned, so another explorer has been sent out," Solaria responded. 

Adrian again nodded. It made sense he would have to get used to the way of thinking like Solaria if he was going to get along with her kind. Logic over reason. 

"I have made a small vehicle for you to ride in once you get outside," Dexter said as Solaria picked him up off the control panel. 

"A vehicle?" Adrian asked. 

They got into something that resembled and felt like an elevator. It shot upward. Adrian looked out and saw many other ships, as well as additional spacecraft, docked on many of the levels as they went up.

"Most of us tower over you," Solaria said. "We don't want you to get accidentally stepped on." 

"Also you would have to run at a constant speed to keep up with the rest of the citizens," Dexter added. The voice emanated from a wristwatch Solaria had given him as they exited the ship. 

Adrian looked at Solaria as they stood at a large door. 

"Are you ready?" she asked. 

"Will I be able to breathe? Is there a certain path I should drive on? I..." Adrian said as he got nervous. 

"Everyone knows you are here," Solaria said with a human smile. "The air is breathable for humans if anything, it is much cleaner than what you had on Earth." 

The door slid open. The planet's atmosphere rushed into the ship. Adrian took a deep breath it felt good, the brisk cold air shot around him. He guessed it might be in the low sixty-degree range. Adrian saw two suns in the bright sky. 

"I also put eye protection inside your vehicle," Dexter said. 

Adrian and Solaria walked down the small ramp. Solaria shot upward as she got out into the open. Her body also changed from being human back to her robotic frame. Others came to greet the two of them. Adrian stood still as they stopped close to him. 

"Greetings," one of them said. It bent down to one knee and looked down at Adrian. "Welcome to our planet. Solaria and ..." It stopped as it looked at Solaria. 

"Dexter," Solaria responded. 

"Dexter," the robot in front of him said. "I apologize we are not used to talking in your terms." 

"I understand," Adrian smiled. "If you choose, you can talk the way that it is easier for you." 

"No," the robot said, shaking its head. "You are our guest, the first guest we have had in over three centuries." 

"Wow," Adrian said in shock. 

"Come," the robot said as they walked forward. Solaria was right, even though he could tell they were trying to walk as slow as they could, but even at there slow pace, he was having a hard time keeping up. 

"Dexter?" Adrian said into his wristwatch. 

"Behind you," Dexter replied. "I had to modify it so that you would be able to drive it." 

Adrian looked behind as a large buggy came up to him. It had large wheels and a sleek style to it. Adrian got up into the driver's seat. "I hope it is to your liking," Dexter said. 

"Definitely," Adrian said as he looked it over. It had a gas pedal, brake pedal, and a steering wheel. Adrian popped on his sunglasses or eye protection as Dexter called them. Solaria stared down at him. Adrian knew if she had her human face, it would be smiling at him. 

"We are heading over to the large building," the robot male said. "There you will meet our..." it stopped as its eyes began to flash on and off quickly. 

Adrian remembered Solaria used to do the same thing when she was thinking or processing information. 

"Queen," it continued. "I had to see what the term a human would use to describe our leader. 

Adrian didn't bother to ask what they called her. He had learned that they didn't see each other as individuals. 

Adrian was amazed at the city before him, especially the inhabitants. Some of them were taller than others. They had different color schemes for the lights in their eyes as well as the colors that illuminated their bodies. 

Adrian stopped at one of the light bridges. The things he thought were tubes as they were flying in were actually bridges made of light. He had seen them as they walked but hoped they wouldn't have to cross one. 

"What is it?" Solaria asked as she came back to him. 

"Is it safe?" Adrian asked as he looked at it. The bridge was long and connected the path he was on to the structure the building he was supposed to go towards. 

"We weight a lot more than you do," the male robot said. "In comparison, you in that vehicle will be like a cat to an elephant," to make his gesture complete he stood on the bridge then called the others towards him. "If all of us can stand on it, you can surely drive on it." 

"If any bridges fail, the safety program immediately ports any falling matter to the nearest landmass," Solaria said. 

"That doesn't help," Adrian replied. 

"I will be watching," Dexter said. 

Adrian nodded. He felt assured that Dexter would not let him fall. Slowly he drove the vehicle forward, once he was on he pushed it forward at a faster rate than before. Below him, he could see other bridges and buildings. He didn't even want to think about how high he was at the moment. 

"The top of your tallest skyscraper," Dexter said. 

"I didn't want to know," Adrian said. 

"The Burj Khalifa could fit under you with room to spare," Dexter said. 

Adrian had seen the tower on the internet and the thought that he was higher than it at the moment did not sit well with him. 

"Please stop," Adrian said. 

"If you were to fall it would take almost a full... "Dexter started to say. 

"I did say stop," Adrian interrupted him. 

"Birds that fly this high usually," Dexter said before he stopped. "You have crossed." 

Adrian sighed as his vehicle was on solid metal again. "You did that to stop me from thinking, didn't you?" 

"Yes," Dexter replied. 

The doorway to the large building was gigantic. Even Solaria seemed small passing through it. "She must be very tall," Adrian said as they passed through the large arc. 

"No," Solaria responded. "Most of our structures are made this way." 

Adrian nodded, even though he didn't understand. For a race of thinkers, the thought of building structures with extra room didn't seem to fit. His watch vibrated as he looked at it, there was a text. 

"They think they might grow if they fix the power problem," the text read. 

Adrian smiled. He was beginning to like his new companion. 

"You will have to park your vehicle here," the male robot said. 

Adrian stopped at a large metal door. Blinking white lights lit the corridor. He admired the look of the metal instead of being flat and bland, it had deep swirls to it. He ran his hand across the wall, it felt cold to the touch but had a leather feel to it rather than cold metal. 

The door slowly slid open, revealing a large chamber. Four giant robots stood in the middle. As Adrian got closer, he realized they were not standing they were sitting in what looked like large charging stations. Wires lighted with various colors were attached to them. 

"I am sorry for my advisors' outlook," a voice boomed from behind him. 

Adrian turned to see the largest of all the aliens he had seen. It was apparent she was the Queen. She had a variety of colored lights pulsing along the sides of her body and around her head. 

"They are the voice and thoughts of our citizens," the Queen said as she kneeled in front of Adrian. 

She held out her large hand. Adrian barely was able to fit one of her fingers in his hands as she shook it. "Solaria, as you call her, has filled us in with her visit to your planet." 

Adrian turned to look at Solaria. "Yes, even what happened between the two of you," the Queen added. 

The Queen stood again as she walked around her advisors. "It wasn't the first time one of our craft has visited Earth, along with many others we have found your species fascinating. Of the thousands of planets we have visited or seen, Earth is the only one where the inhabitants still war among themselves." 

Adrian felt like he had to say something to defend his kind. Nothing came to mind. "We are young?" he said feebly. 

"Not as young as you may think," the Queen replied. "There are space-faring species that are much younger than humans, even some as young as a thousand years old." 

Adrian couldn't think when the Earth would be space-faring at the rate things were going it would probably be never. "We can barely make it to the moon and back," Adrian shook his head. 

"Yet there are satellites and probes shot out to space to investigate," the Queen said. "One day the wrong visitors will come to your planet, just like they did to us." 

"Solaria told me about the war," Adrian said as he stepped towards her. 

"Did she now?" the Queen said as she sat on what looked like a large throne. "Tell me." 

Adrian sat down at her feet and told her what Solaria had told him. The Queen looked at him without saying a word, hinged on every word he said. Finally, as he stopped, she sat back. "All of it is true," the Queen nodded. "Except for one detail, our creators. Ancestors as you humans would say. Asked for everything that happened to them." 

Adrian listened as the Queen told him the story of the ones that came before, above the advisors Adrian could see images take place. The ancestors looked like giant centipedes crawling on the ground, making things and building what was now the foundation of this city. The Queen explained how they thought themselves to be the greatest. Then one day, a craft unknown to them began to fire upon their cities. 

It was the beginning of the end for them. The craft was out of the range of all their weapons. At the time they had no way to attack them directly, many of their cities fell in a matter of hours. It was then the enemy began to send landing parties. They were outmatched and outgunned. It was then they turned to their greatest weapon, their ability to build at a fast rate. Within the next two days, they made the first robots to fight against their invaders. 

"I was the second," the Queen said. "Our size and our ability to change our height and manipulate matter turned the war in our favor, each day our creators built hundreds of robots, soon we outnumbered the attackers." 

"So, you won," Adrian said. 

"No," one of the advisors said. The voice sounded as if it was a long-distance away instead of the same room. "We had hit a stalemate, neither of us gaining ground or retreating, then they stopped attacking and went back to their craft, seconds later it disappeared." 

"They were recalled," the Queen said. "We have traveled great distances since then, we have seen many planets that have been ravaged by those that attacked us, they all say the same thing. Even on the planets, they had gained a victory, they stopped then disappeared." 

"Someone greater than them attacked their homeworld," Adrian said. 

"That is our best guess," the Queen nodded. 

The discussions got longer with each question. Adrian asked the conclave of robots had one lined up for Adrian. They were interested in human relationships, anything from the meeting of a loved one to mating and spawning children. After a while, Adrian yawned, his eyes felt heavy he had been answering questions for what seemed like hours. 

"He needs his sleep," Solaria interrupted. 

"Yes," the Queen said softly. "I apologize, we forgot that the human body needs to rest." 

"Solaria if you will show our new citizen to his new home," the Queen said as she stood up. 

Adrian followed Solaria out of the room. He walked towards his vehicle. "This way," Solaria said motioning down the hall. "They prepared a place just for you." 

"Here?" Adrian asked. He didn't think they would have him living so close to their Queen. 

"Yes, why not?" Solaria said as she approached the end of the hallway. 

"I just..." 

"You are important to all of us," Solaria said, standing next to the wall. "We need you to feel welcome here." 

Adrian waited for her to do something to the wall or press a hidden button. 

"Touch the wall," Solaria said. 

Adrian touched the wall and felt like he was pulled upwards in bright light. When it faded, he found himself in a large room. 

"This is your home," Dexter said. 

Adrian walked to the large window looking over the city. "How high am I?" 

"Do you really want to know?" Dexter replied. 

"No," Adrian said, looking down at the city. He could see mountains in the distance. 

"This is what you would call the living room," Dexter said as Adrian turned around. "We didn't know how you wanted it decorated, so we left it bare. If you give us an idea of what you would like, we can make it for you." 

Adrian was all smiles as he walked through the living room. "A kitchen," Adrian nodded as he walked into the spacious kitchen. 

"We can make anything you would ever need to eat, but Solaria told us that humans like to cook their own food," Dexter said. "Go to the white panel." 

Adrian found a white panel on one of the counters. "Place your hand on it then say what you will like to have, we have incorporated everything you would need into our library of known human foods." 

"Double cheeseburger with chili fries," Adrian said. In the blink of an eye, his order was served on a transparent plate. "It's perfect," Adrian said as he took a bite. "Even got the jalapeno's I like," he said as he took another bite of the large burger. 

"Your bedroom is through the living room," Dexter said. 

The bedroom was more extensive than he could imagine. The size of the bed was enormous. "I could get to like this," Adrian said as he put the plate on his side table. As he put it down, it slid off and hit the floor. All of his food went everywhere. As he bent down to clean it, all of it disappeared. 

"Self-cleaning," Dexter said. 

"Now you're just showing off," Adrian smiled as he jumped onto his bed. 

"I will leave you to it," Dexter said. 

Adrian looked at the blank wall. "A television would be nice," he said. 

"What size?" Dexter replied. 

"Surprise me," Adrian said. 

A large flat-screen television appeared on the wall. "We cannot provide you with new shows as we do not have that type of entertainment, but you can watch anything previous to the day you left." 

"Last years football season," Adrian said. "I missed most of it due to work." 

"Do you want a specific team or all games?" 

"All games," Adrian responded. 

The television came to life showing the first game of the season. 

"I could get used to this," Adrian said as he lay back on the bed. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

It was much later that Adrian noticed that the sun had not gone down. He was tired and felt like he was ready to go to bed. 

"What time is it?" Adrian asked. 

"By your clock, it would be two in the morning," Dexter replied. 

"Why isn't the sun going down?" Adrian said, looking out of his large window. 

"One day on this planet equals three of your Earth days," Dexter replied. 

"Wow, I don't know if I could stay awake for three days," Adrian said. 

"You can dim the window just by saying the word dimmer or waving your hand across the detector on your right," Dexter said. "Be careful the room will be pitch black, I recommend you turn on one of the other lights." 

Adrian walked back to his bed, then laid down. "Dimmer," he said. In response, the large window turned black, the room instantly fell into darkness. "Night Dexter." 

"Goodnight Adrian," Dexter replied. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

Adrian found the bathroom after needing to relieve himself during the night. He walked back into the bedroom and stopped in the doorway. There was someone in his room standing by the window. 

"Lights," Adrian said. 

It was the Queen, she was human-sized well at least a smaller version of herself. 

"Sorry," she said as she looked at him. 

"What are you..." Adrian began to say before he realized he was standing in front of her in only his boxers. 

"I had questions, and I didn't know if you were still awake," the Queen said. "I am still not accustomed to human needs and responses." 

Adrian jumped on his bed and covered himself. "It's okay," he said, remembering the first-night Solaria had spent at his house. 

"What is it you want to ask," Adrian said as he looked at her. 

"Are you scared?" the Queen asked as she approached the bed. 

"Of what?" Adrian asked. 

"Dying," the Queen said. Her golden colored eyes stared at him. 

"I try not to think about it," Adrian shrugged. "It will happen eventually, and when it does, I hope it will be quick and painless." 

"What about after?" the Queen asked. "You are so far away from your planet, do you still think about what will happen afterward?" 

"I am not a believer in the afterward, I think after we die that is it, we just don't exist anymore," Adrian replied. 

"There are so many religions and theories on your planet about what happens next," the Queen said, standing up. 

"Are you scared?" Adrian asked. 

"My death as you would call it won't happen for another hundred of your years," the Queen said. "After that, my parts would be recycled to form another." 
