 New Girl II - Part I
A Tale from Skyra

by T. J. Skywind

Location: Ramez, Duchy of Atansha, Kingdom of Tildor
Date: early March 2048

The weather outside was still full of winter, biting and cold from winds off the eastern ocean. Inside the duke's manor, the rooms were warm and cheery. People were still feeling good about their recent victory against the Yrnifr frost giants. The giants had first laid siege to Little Pine Hill, an independent town three days hard ride to the northwest of Ramez, and then detached a smaller force in an attempt to attack Ramez itself. Warned of the impending danger, their duke, with the aid of his father, Prince Caernach, gathered a party of mighty warriors from across Tildor and a dozen Silver Knights from the Elven Free States. They met the score of giants and their ice dragon at Tolkan Falls and wiped out them out, and then proceeded on to Little Pine Hill, relieved the siege and destroyed the remaining enemy forces. 

Word was beginning to spread that the people of Atansha were tough as nails.

Adding to the overall exuberant mood, at the end of February, Duchess Susan and her sister, Charlotte Ann, the Lord Marshal of Atansha, both publicly announced they were pregnant. With that revelation, it seemed that many other women in the household and even in the town of Ramez itself latched onto the idea of children and set about getting themselves in a family way. Men were in demand. Many in the manor and in the town walked around in a jauntier, more satisfied manner. 

Royce Moramorian was the Duke of Atansha. At one hundred eighty-eight centimeters, the duke was taller than many men, and at an even hundred kilos, he was even slightly wider of shoulder than his father, the ruler of Tildor. The duke was nearly always clean-shaven, with short, dark brown hair, a strong chin and intelligent, dark brown eyes. Although nearly thirty, he looked barely twenty, a gift from his mother. Most would call the him handsome. He disliked fancy attire, and sometimes his First Wife Susan had to argue with him about wearing something other than simple workman's attire. Most of the time, he wore plain leather calf-length boots, canvas-style trousers of brown or blue, and some plain shirt, with a serviceable knife and wallet on his belt. While he could easily be taken for a common laborer, the enchanted long sword he wore, the surety of his movements and his aura of command set him apart.

Cold though it was, Royce believed that everything was going well. No, he amended his thought, everything was going really well. Susan was elated about being pregnant, and even Charlotte Ann was getting over her fears about being a good mother. The evening before, he and his two wives had enjoyed a full dinner in the main hall and the music from a visiting troubadour. Later, they had retired to a hot bath and slow love-making. First was Charlotte Ann, where he spent a long time slowly grinding her in the hot-tub. Then they retired to their bed and he spent nearly an hour paying attention to Susan, making her mad with desire, until she pleaded with him to take her hard and rough. Afterward, there was the comfort of their warm bodies beside him as they fell asleep. Royce would have enjoyed making love to them again this morning, but all three had separate tasks to attend to: Susan to the church, Charlotte Ann to the army, and he to balancing the demands of the duchy. Still, some lingering kisses and caresses had made for a pleasant wake-up and the hint of something more later. It was nearly seven bells and the three of them were almost ready to go have breakfast downstairs. 

Slipping on his second boot, Royce found himself humming one of the tunes he'd heard the night before. 

"I want to go visit our parents," Susan suddenly said, breaking his reverie. She was at her dresser in their shared bedroom, applying some eye liner and lip rouge.

Royce glanced up, catching her look in the mirror. Her hazel eyes were determined. He took a long breath. "I thought you had preparations at the temple to attend to this morning, in preparation of the Spring Equinox."

"They can manage without me." She used her finger to blend the liner into her eyelid.

Susan was tall and curvy. When she stood up, the top of her head came to his nose, and her long, straight blonde hair fell in a thick braid all the way to her hips. 

Seated on her stool, she leaned toward the mirror on her cosmetic stand, dabbing a bit more lip rouge. She was dressed in floor length robes, cinched to her narrow waist by a wide belt, the horizontal pastel rainbow bands marking her as a priestess of the Lawgiver. Because of her wisdom and knowledge of canon law, Royce had quickly come to depend on Susan's assessments and advice.

He tapped his boot into place, and quickly did the lacing. It had been several weeks since their last visit to the capital city on the other side of Tildor. Royce mulled over her words. There was nothing in his schedule he couldn't bump to tomorrow. "Sure. When do you want to go?"

"Actually, I was thinking that later on this morning would be good, my love," she responded, putting away her cosmetics into their drawers. "If you wouldn't mind."

He shrugged. "Not at all."

Then Royce caught sight of his second wife, Charlotte Ann, across the large bedroom, standing by the tall bay windows. A full head-span shorter than her younger sister, she was leaner of build and all muscle. Her curly, dark brown, shoulder length hair was tied back, and she was dressed warmly in her uniform, her several throwing knives already in place under her marshal's tabard. As she buckled on her long sword, she scowled. Though hair and eye color differed, the sisters bore a strong facial resemblance to each other. Personalities were another matter. Where Susan could remain calm even in the tensest situations, Charlotte Ann had difficulty hiding irritation or anger.

"Charlotte Ann is coming, too." Susan stood up, casually re-seating the hair clip over her ear, attempting to ensare all the lose strands. Then she turned around and smiled.

Royce blinked. Two things struck him from her statement.

Charlotte Ann loved her mother, Gale, but since becoming Lord Marshal of Atansha, their father, Dobson Starshine, had quietly expressed his displeasure about her position, a fact that Charlotte Ann had hidden from her father for more than a year. 

In Royce's opinion, his wife excelled at her job. She was highly skilled in both tactics and strategy. She definitely knew their lands better than he did, a critical skill in a military leader. She also knew her command, learning their names and their skills with ease. As much as he feared for her safety, Charlotte Ann was Royce's first pick as someone he'd trust to fight beside him. Dobson Starshine served as Lord Marshal for his father, the Prince. Charlotte Ann had worshiped her father, finding in the warrior's path both a means to honor her father and to express her own talents. Royce believed that his wife had actually surpassed Dobson's military abilities in the field. Dobson Starshine, however, was more concerned about rank. His daughter was first and foremost the duke's wife -- duchess and co-wife to her sister. Duchess outranked Lord Marshal. During the winter campaign, Royce had stepped into the matter, trying to be discreet while easing his Second Wife's distress. It hadn't gone well.

The second thing that occurred to Royce was that this was to be a longer visit, not just a day or two. As high priestess, Susan had considerable priestly magic at her command, and could even raise the dead. Charlotte Ann's absence from the duchy would definitely be felt. While he did not doubt the loyalty of his army, he was quite aware that his troops were devoted to their Lord Marshal.

With both of them gone from Atansha, Royce would himself have to stay behind, to rule and to protect their people. This also meant that Susan had decided that he wasn't going to be with them. No discussion. She had just decided. 

That stung. 

Standing, Royce took his long sword from its hook by his dresser, buckling it on. Keeping his voice neutral, he asked, "How long do you plan to be gone?"

"A month."

"A month! A full thirty days?" Now he understood Charlotte Ann's rancor. At Royce's request, she now added duchess to signed her orders. However, what both he and Charlotte Ann suspected was this would not be enough to placate her father. Dobson Starshine would only be happy if she stayed at home and had babies. His father-in-law had many good qualities, but he had some pretty backward ideas on how to treat women. 

Royce kept his face calm, but inwardly he met Susan's announcement with heat. Almost as painful as the idea of them both being gone for so long was knowing that Charlotte Ann would no doubt have to endure her father's criticisms. With anyone else, Charlotte Ann would attack any threat like the warrior she was. With her father, however, Royce was concerned she would do as she had in the past – endure his words in silence and take them to heart, to the detriment of her self worth. Susan, as much as she loved her sister, had a blind eye to their father's faults.

Susan put her shawl around her shoulders. The main hall was still fairly cool in the morning. 

"We've been here a long time, Royce, nearly two years. All of our earlier visits to our family have been short -- a day or two here and there. We want to really take some time and visit. There are baby clothes and blankets to make. And I also want to spend time at the main temple." 

Royce watched Charlotte Ann lift her face skyward and roll her eyes. He had a good idea what his Wildcat would rather be doing. For a warrior woman who loved being outdoors even in the dead of winter, swapping baby stories would be a private kind of hell for his second wife.

Susan continued, "There's so much to do in preparation! And before you know it, we won't even be able to teleport with you to visit."

Teleportation, whether by spell or by psionic ability, exposed one very briefly to the cold of null-space. To adults and older children, the cold was easily shaken off. Age five and older seemed a good rule of thumb, though rarely even older children would succumb and fade from the experience. In the early stages of pregnancy, the mother somehow protected the baby she carried. Once she began to quicken, however, teleportation became risky. Some survived the travel. Others sickened and died within days. The unborn simply miscarried. Once children became sick, even the powerful heal spell was not enough to save them. It was as if that brief exposure to null-space frayed the link joining body to soul, losing appetite and becoming listless, until the child simply weakened and died.

Royce folded his arms. "I'm not happy about this, Susan, but I could tell your mind was already made up when you raised the matter. I will miss you both, and count the days until you return home to me." He turned and stalked out of their bedroom.

Susan frowned. "I think he's upset."

Charlotte Ann growled, "I don't blame him one bit. And he's not the only one." She put on her mailed gloves. "The both of you convince me spending more time here is a good idea, so I do. I get so I like him poking my pussy on a regular basis. I don't know if it's being in love with him or the pregnancy, but it's gotten so I crave him. And before you offer, your dildo collection is not going to cut it. It's really just not the same." Smoky blue eyes flashing, Charlotte Ann glared fiercely at her sister. "I think before thirty days are up, some one is going to get hurt."

Susan examined her nails. "If you want to stay, then stay, Sister."

"Oh, no! You've already made your play. I'll visit with Mom, and try to stay out of Dad's purview. I will sit in with all the other gestating women and quietly .. go .. insane."

"Thorband will be there. Arionna, too."

Charlotte Ann closed her eyes. Their younger brother and sister. Like them, they had suffered cruelly at the hands of the slavers in the summer of 2037. For sixteen, unforgettable days, she and Susan had been cold, hungry, beaten and raped over and over. If their experience had been horrifying, for Thorband and Arionna had had it worse. Ten mind-numbing, hellish weeks they endured. At the end, when she was finally freed, Arionna was like a wild animal, naked and howling as she killed slavers and then hacked away at the dead, her body covered in blood and gore. At the time, the priests weren't even sure if they could restore her sanity. They had. Only just. Even now, more than ten years later, the only men Arionna permitted to touch her even briefly were their father and their brother Thorband. For everyone else who tried to touch her – well, they almost never saw the blow coming. More than a few were simply knocked cold.

Thorband would be good to see, Charlotte Ann thought. Maybe we could go hunting. A chance to visit and get out of town for awhile. "All right, Susan," she sighed. "But you still will owe me. Big time."

"If that's all! Well, didn't I agree to become First Wife? Save you the headache of household accounts? Debits? Credits? Expenses? Depreciation? Menus? Pantry lists, and not to mention laundry, work schedules, and--"

"Stop!" Charlotte Ann put her hands to her head, grimacing. "I'm going, aren't I? No need to torture me!"

"I expect you to share at least one meal a day with me while we're there."

"Unless I'm out hunting with family."

Susan stuck out her hand. "Done?"

Charlotte Ann shook hands with her sister. "It's a good thing I love you. Days like today, I have to remind myself you are on my side. Yes, done."

* * *

Susan took three of her four ladies-in-waiting with her, two novice priestesses, and two household guards. Charlotte Ann also took two household guards. Before the winter campaign, Royce had insisted that anytime they left the manor house, each took a minimum of two guards with them at all times.

The fourth and Senior Lady-in-Waiting, Miri Tanner, was staying behind. Susan's duties as head of the duchy's church meant that she had less time to directly oversee running the household. Miri had taken over more of the duties until Susan officially appointed her castellan, accountable only to Susan and the duke himself when it came to the household. Once a week, Susan and Miri met and caught up on the highlights while Susan reviewed the books and gave instructions. Though she worked long hours every day, Miri thrived at her job. The only area that Miri did not control as castellan was the Household Guard. Pledged to protect the duke's household, they ultimately answered only to the duke himself.

As the duke's wives, their staff, and their luggage collected in the main hall, Susan gave her friend Miri Tanner some last words.

"I know you will take care of things while I'm gone," she said earnestly. "Make sure the Duke doesn't work himself to exhaustion. While we are gone, he will forget to take time to rest or to eat regularly, throwing himself into his projects. Make sure he eats and sleeps well. Encourage him to eat his evening meals in the main hall."

"Yes, my Lady. I will keep careful watch over your home and our duke. You have my word on it." The black-haired and blue-eyed woman smiled at her mistress.

Susan gave her a long hug. "I will miss you, Miri, but I know everything will be fine in your capable hands." Susan kissed her cheek. "I used to worry about you, too. This past year, though, you seem more settled. Whatever you're doing, keep doing it. Next time we go on a trip for shopping, I will make sure you get to come with me. I only wish that you could come with us! We'd have so much fun! But I need you here to take care of things."

"Who would make sure that Cook doesn't spend us out of house and home?" Miri asked. "Have a good time visiting your parents and family, my Lady. Stay safe and come back home to us." Then she stepped away to watch the final preparations.

Royce Moramorian came down the wide staircase leading into the main hall. He stoically took in the number of retainers and luggage. "Ready?"

Susan nodded, her hazel eyes thoughtful. "We are ready, Husband."

"This will take at least six trips," he observed, his face devoid of his usual smile. "Keep alert. Such travel can attract unwanted attention."

She moved close to him, holding her hand to her neck in worry. "Please don't be angry with me."

"Angry?" he replied quietly, gazing at her directly. "No. Surprised at the suddenness, and hurt you will be gone so long from me. You didn't even discuss it with me, Susan. You just decided and that was it. I love you so much. You and Charlotte Ann are everything to me. I will sorely miss the both of you, and the comfort of you sleeping beside me." Then, louder, to the others, he added, "Let's get this done. Gather 'round. Groups of five. Link hands."

Two guards and three retainers joined hands. Royce placed his hands on the shoulders of two, closed his eyes and visualized their destination. There was a muffled pop as the air was displaced, and the next instant they were gone.

Several moments later, Royce entered the main hall through the front doors. He went to the next group, laid his hands on their shoulders, and once again, the duke vanished with the second group of travelers. 

Four more times Royce repeated the effort. Two trips were just for the luggage alone. Even for such a strong psionicist, the toll of moving so much mass was draining. The distance was irrelevant; it was the same cost if you moved a hand-span or ten thousand kilometers. The cost was in the mental power needed to open one point of space for the travel.

At last, only the two sisters and their three pieces of luggage remained. Susan stood next to Charlotte Ann, their bags and chests in front of them. Seeing his pallor, Charlotte Ann looked at her sister, fuming in silence. She knew Royce would need to sleep for hours to recover from the effort.

Royce approached them. "My sister, Theodonra, is there at the capital, waiting to make sure nothing unsavory is attracted by the expenditure of so much energy."

Royce placed his hands on their shoulders, closed his eyes briefly, and then they experienced the dizzying sensation of everything simultaneously shrinking, falling, and expanding as they shifted from one location to another.

A half-second later, they arrived. 

The three of them stood under open clear blue sky, outside the manor house of Dobson and Gale Starshine of House Starshine. Overhead, the three suns gleamed down warmly. Porters from the manor gathered luggage and packs while nearby, Princess Theodonra and several guards kept watch. A single teleport could attract extra-planar attention. Not all observers did anything, and not all were bad. Some were even just travelers like themselves. But any being that had the power to travel via the many planes usually had power to do a great deal of damage. Doing several teleports back-to-back increased the chance of attracting attention. Some extra-planar beings craved flesh and others souls. Still others fed on magic or psionic energy. It was for that reason when he teleported home, Royce always arrived outside the manor, to lessen the chance that unwanted visitors would arrive undetected.

Royce scanned around, catching the eyes of Princess Theodonra Jaima, his older half-sister. She nodded back to him briefly before returning to her scanning.

All clear.

If his oldest sister, Dorothy Donalda, was the flamboyant and stormy heir to the kingdom and to House Moramorian, Theodonra was the deeper and sometimes darker half to the pair. Both had been born within minutes of each other; Dorothy was born to Charlotte, and Theodonra was born to Shara, his father's second wife. And as if emphasizing the reciprocal nature of their personalities, Dorothy inherited the brown hair of their father and the grey eyes of her mother, while Theodonra inherited Shara's jet black hair and their father's brown eyes. As second in line to inherit, Theodonra held rank as Princess, and ruled the northwest region of Tildor known as Brotava from her mountain city of Dragon Keep, guarding the only passable eastern route through the Skyreach Mountains. Like Royce, Theodonra had formidable psionic abilities. After completing her training as a holy warrior, she had unexpectedly taken off for the University of Cartharsis at Shuten, within the Empire and a continent away from home. There she spent three years studying to become a physician. Dragon Keep was known for the nearby dragon enclaves, but was also becoming known for its hospital and "Dr Theo."
