 Location: Ramez, Duchy of Atansha, Kingdom of Tildor

Date: mid-March 2048

Interlude

Royce Moramorian, Duke of Atansha, awoke with a start, full of sadness. He was sure he'd heard the sound of his wife, Susan, weeping.

He knew that was impossible. Susan and Charlotte Ann, his second wife, were visiting their parents in the capital, nearly a thousand kilometers away. Their visit was to last thirty days, and today they were fifteen days gone, the halfway mark.

Both were pregnant for the first time, and Susan had insisted they get a chance to visit. After they quickened, they would be unable to visit using teleportation, either by magic or by psionics because of the danger to their unborn. And until their fifth year, their children could not travel by teleportation either; the danger was just too great that they would sicken and die. Of course, this harsh fact did not stop their parents from coming to their home in Ramez.

While Royce missed both of his wives greatly, he and Susan had parted with a rift between them. Susan had decided on the lengthy visit to her parents without consulting him first and with scant notice besides. Rather, she had decided on the visit and then informed him of her decision. He had felt like the footman for her carriage and not the man she claimed she loved. Royce had no doubt she loved him. However, the manner of what transpired had hurt.

For days after their departure, he'd thrown himself into his work. Working from dawn to past midnight, often skipping meals. At least, until Miri, Susan's Senior Lady-in-Waiting, set him straight.

Once Miri got his attention, Royce cut back his hours to a more normal schedule and eating regular. To Miri's delight, except for one night when he had had to stay overnight away from the manor, he filled her pussy at least a couple of times a day. Often it was their usual quickie in some closet, but what Miri was enjoying more was him spending part of the night in her room, taking their time with their coupling. She loved the sensation of his cock stretching her sex. This time spent being held in his arms afterward was balm for her heart.

As First Wife, Susan had insisted on an open marriage, laying down specific ground rules. Later, in private, she revealed it had been for his sake, not for her or for his Second Wife, Charlotte Ann. Susan also made no secret that any affairs had best be secret or face her jealous wrath.

Miri served her mistress Susan with love and devotion. It had only taken the sight of the duke's erect cock to beg for him to take her. Away from him, Miri could be determined, strong-willed, smart -- even be a bitch to the castle staff when she needed to be. Prior to beginning her affair with her duke, she would have scoffed, even ridiculed the idea that a woman could be a slave to her own pussy. She was, though. Just thinking about his cock made her wet, and seeing it -- well, she just hiked up her dress and bent over, offering herself. Once she would have said she preferred on top or facing her lover, so that if she needed, she could play with her clit. Miri loved any position he wanted, but her favorite position quickly became Stallion to Mare. When he took her from behind, she needed no other stimulation. Indeed, it was so intense she very became loud, something she'd never done with any other lovers, and when she climaxed, she screamed like a banshee. Though she tried, Miri couldn't help it. To help keep their affair secret, Miri stuffed a handkerchief into her mouth to muffle her cries. And for the quickies, she also kept a small bottle of oil to ease penetration. Royce was a big man with a big cock.

Of course, the extra sex these past weeks meant neither of them got as much sleep. Last night as they climbed into her bed, Royce could see the bags under her eyes. He asked Miri if he should let her sleep. She responded by caressing his hard cock, scooting down until her pussy enveloped his crown. "Sleep later, my Lord," she had whispered. "Take me now. Please, fill my emptiness." Of course, he then pulled out so that he could give her pussy the tongue licking it deserved. He liked giving head. Part of him got satisfaction by doing things for others, and helping the woman reach orgasm, besides being great fun, was a gift for one's partner.

Earlier this evening, Royce had spent long minutes working over her breasts and licking her pussy until she came, covering her thighs and ass with her own juices before he moved over her and pressed his thick shaft into her wet folds. Two more times she bucked with release as he stroked the length of her tunnel while his thumb rubbed her mound, followed by a smaller release when he creamed her depths. Miri fell asleep almost immediately afterwards, sighing as she snuggled in his arms. For his part, he too was getting used to having her in his arms while he slept.

Then he'd had the dream.

Royce sat up, wiping the sleep from his eyes. He was growing to care for Miri a great deal, but Susan was his wife and he loved her. He had to know if she was all right. A glance at the wall clock near the dim light in Miri's room told him the news. He'd only been asleep an hour. Trying to focus on any details only served to affirm one point: he no longer believed Susan's weeping actually was a dream.

He disentangled himself from Miri as gently as he could. Try as he might, though, she woke as he slid off the bed.

"My Lord?" she mumbled. "Something wrong?"

Royce moved to her, giving her a long, slow kiss. "Go back to sleep, Miri. I had a dream and I'm going to check it out. Nothing for you to worry about."

"Are you sure?" She rubbed her eyes, willing them to stay open and losing the struggle.

"Go back to sleep, sweet Flower." Miri meant flower. Royce dressed quickly. "When I get back, I have meetings in town for most of the day. I may not even be back for dinner. But I hope to be back to tuck you in."

"I look forward to it, my Lord." She repeated his words to herself so that she didn't forget them in her haze.

He came back to her and she rose for another kiss. "If things go cross-eyed, I'll send a message." He kissed her forehead, eyes, nose, then another slow kiss on the lips.

Miri sighed deeply, savoring his gentleness. As he moved away, she took the pillow he had used, still full of his scent, and wrapped her arms around it. One moment he was there and the next he faded from view. The restraining bar moved and her door quietly opened and closed, then the restraining bar slid back into place. She moved into the warm spot in the bed where he'd lain, wriggling into the warmth and the smell of him. Try as she might wish otherwise, her eyes soon closed and she drifted off.

* * *

Once out in the hallway, Royce remained invisible, padding silently upstairs and then toward the master suite. At the moment, the guard was halfway toward the chapel while her partner was at the corner, near the common lavatories. Entering the room, he continued straight through the suite and on to the master bathroom. After dropping the laundry into the chute, he undressed and took a quick shower. Back in the bedroom, he put on fresh clothing.

Once dressed, Royce stepped back out into the hallway. The nearby guard snapped to attention.

"Sergeant Moonshadow is tonight's watch commander, isn't she? Good. Let her know I want to see Captain Stillman. He should be on duty at the Manor Gate. I want to see him now."

The guard gave a salute and then hurried off.

It was past second bell after midnight. It would be just after first bell in the capital. It was the middle of the night, but he had to go to Sharaton-Charlottesville. He had to know if Susan was all right.

The passive link he had with her indicated she was alive. He could have just reached out to her mind telepathically, even across such a distance. The link allowed that. But neither Susan nor Charlotte Ann liked telepathy, and they only tolerated it briefly for urgent circumstances. In fact, before their marriage, he had given his word to both of them he would never connect with their minds without their consent. There were strict, ethical rules about entering another person's thoughts. Doing so without consent was a serious breach of etiquette, and if the other was offended enough -- even if married -- it could end in serious criminal charges in a canon court. Royce didn't think Susan would do such a thing to him, but it could possibly widen the current wedge between them. Making things worse was the last thing he wanted. He loved both of the sisters, and missed them every day. Miri was a great comfort, and growing more so every day, but Susan and Charlotte Ann were his wives and his partners. It was more than two weeks since Susan had hurt his feelings and he was long over any hurt and anger.

Royce went to his desk, leaving the door open. Taking quill to paper, he wrote out instructions for his officer. As Officer in Command for the night shift, Stillman would need to let others know that if something happened, their duke was going to be gone possibly for several hours. Royce seriously doubted anything would happen, but that was the way things. One moment everything was calm, and the next the air was filled with chaos from some sudden catastrophe.

When Captain Stillman arrived, Royce scanned the instructions, then handed it to the soldier. "Sorry to be brusque, but I'm in a hurry. I'm teleporting to the capital to see my wives. Follow usual protocols, Captain. If it's a serious emergency, you know what to do?"

"Unscrew the top of the baton, take out the pearl and crush it to activate the spell. Lady Susan will contact me to find out what has happened." The short baton was in his belt, tied to secure it.

Royce nodded. "Excellent. I may be back in a short time, or may be gone for hours. I don't know. A lot depends on them."

The stout man took the letter, folded it, and put it into his pocket. "Very good, my Lord. Meaning no disrespect, they are missed. Safe journey. Safe return."

"Safe watch. Safe return." Royce clapped him on the shoulder. Then vanished.

* * *

Royce arrived under the cool, mostly overcast night skies of Sharaton-Charlottesville, on the hill above the twin cities. Facing north, on the left bank of Lucky Man River was Charlottesville, and Sharaton was on the right. Even at this late hour, lights across the cities lit the night sky. Turning south, Royce followed the road uphill. To his left was the sprawling residence of House Tanner, home of the clan chief, Marynne Tolari Tanner, her family, and dozens of nieces, nephews, and many cousins. To the right was the even larger manor of House Starshine, under chief Aljahn Rayan Starshine. Further up the winding road were the residences of other noble Houses. Ashton, Danvers, Landers, and others. At the top of the hill was the huge A-frame for House Moramorian, thirty meters tall and a hundred long. The home of his parents. To the right of the A-frame were the stables, the guard tower, and then the large, two-storied private residence of Dobson and Gale Starshine, parents of Susan and Charlotte Ann.

In the sky above, the ghostly white of the smaller pale-yellow moon, Sandahl, peeked through the clouds, lending its light to see by. As he neared his destination, a dozen guards approached, hailing him. Three bulls-eye lanterns hit him at almost the same instant. He stopped and faced them, extending his open hands.

"It's the Duke of Atansha. Stand down." The lights moved away from his face. "My Lord, we did not know you were here. The hour is late. Is something amiss?"

Royce was sure he recognized her voice. "Who is that? Ehvona Potter? Still a Senior Sergeant?"

"Full Lieutenant now, Lord," the guardswoman replied. "We've had no notice of you being here in the capital. I must ask again, is there anything amiss?"

"An officer! Congratulations. It has been awhile. I'm here to visit my wives at the Lord Marshal's house. Nothing amiss. Just checking on them."

"Seek the path to the beginning," she spoke casually.

"June 19, 2020," Royce replied, giving the counter-sign. His birth date.

"Thank you," she replied. "Unless you need us, we'll be on our way." As they moved off, they split into two groups, heading toward the two entrances of the stables.

Royce watched their dim forms disappear into the darkness, then resumed his uphill trek. He approved of Potter's diligence. Illusion, spell, and even shape-change were all possible, and she had given him a solid test. Granted, a trained spy or assassin might know the information, but still she had done it. He would make sure to mention it later to his parents.

Within a few minutes, he reached the outer walkway and approached the two guards on the veranda. Soon satisfied with his identity, they let him into the house.

The servant sleeping in the alcove awoke when the front door opened. "Who is it?" the young girl called.

"Royce Moramorian, here to inquire about Lady Susan and Lady Charlotte Ann." Then he noticed a light on in the drawing room to his right.

Almost as soon as he saw her, Charlotte Ann was up, across the room and into his arms, nearly knocking him over. Excited and with no sign of her normal reserve, she climbed up and wrapped her legs around him. Nightie bunching up at the waist, arms gripping his shoulders tightly. Moving his hands under her butt to support her weight more evenly, he shifted his stance so they didn't fall over.

"Royce! It's you!" Kiss, kiss, kiss. "Oh, it's really you." Kiss, kiss. Then she inhaled deep and slow along his chest. "Oh, you smell so good!"

He grinned, kissing her back, pleased by her welcome. "Hello, Wildcat. How are you? And what are you doing up so late?"

The bubbling grin on her face faded. "Couldn't sleep. So I came down here to read a bit."

"Get much outdoors time?"

"If only! If one more woman asks to rub my belly and what do I think I'm going to have and what will I call it, I swear, there will be victims!"

Royce chuckled, giving her a leisurely kiss. "Be merciful to your kinswomen, my love. How is Susan?"

Charlotte Ann loosened her grip, and dropped her legs. Royce set her down gently.

"Another bad dream tonight. I held her for a while, but she hasn't been sleeping well. She's been beating herself up over what happened, Royce. And with no word from you, she thinks you're still angry with her. You can set her straight and get this settled between you. I'm really glad you're here!"

His hands cupped her face, and he leaned down, kissing her slow and gentle. "I've missed you so much, Charlotte Ann."

She gave a long sigh. "God, you're making me wet already. That's so unfair, Royce! How do you do that, with just a kiss? And how long can you stay?"

"Not too long. Till morning, I think."

"Go back to bed, Pimda." Charlotte Ann put her arm around his waist. "Come along, Husband. Morning will be here all too soon. Let's not waste any time."

In the dim shadow of the light globes, they passed through the main room and up the stairs. "Let Susan know you forgive her, then I want you to show her how much you have missed her. Then, when she is feeling better, I want you to take care of me."

"More kisses, my love?"

She took his hand up to her mouth, nibbling. "To start with, of course. Your hands, which seem to know me so intimately should also participate. Then I want my husband, my man -- you -- to use your magnificent cock to plunder my pussy like you do so well, ride me long and hard and fill me up with what I've been missing." At the top of the stairs, she let his hand go, hiked up her nightie, and putting her hand down her panties, she slipped her fingers inside her own nether lips. "You've been here only a couple of minutes, and I'm already soaked, Royce!" She almost sounded surprised.

He stopped and turned to her.

"God, I can't believe how much I want you to spread my legs and just fuck me. I'm almost creaming right now, thinking about you buried to the hilt inside me."

He caressed her cheek. Then leaned in, bringing his lips to hers. Mouth opened to mouth, tongues dancing. Touching. Then probing and tasting. Hands explored, seeking to touch, caress, squeeze. They moved together, exploring amid sighs and sharp gasps. Using his weight, he moved her back until she was pressed against the wall. When their lips broke apart, he leaned down, putting his teeth to her neck. Charlotte Ann gave a ragged sigh, fingers digging into his back. "You are .. so, so delicious. Sweeter than .. sugar. Oh, Royce!" His mouth worked down to her clavicle, then up to her ear. Her fingers dug deeper, baring her neck for him. She spread her legs as his hand moved along the damp heat at the apex of her thighs, feeling the moisture through robe and panties.

With a groan of frustration, she pushed him away.

"What's wrong, Baby?" Royce had been enjoying her enthusiasm.

"Another moment, and I would jump you right here in the hallway, and to blazes with anyone who finds us." She took a long breath, deliberately slow. "Susan first." Then her posture changed, her mind clearing a little. "Don't take this wrong, because I'm absolutely delighted to see you. But it's the middle of the night, Royce. Why are you here?"

"I had a dream that Susan was crying. It woke me up. I had to check on her, to make sure she was all right. Since neither one of you like it when I use telepathy, I came in person. And I could not wait until morning. I had to know now that she was all right."

A pause, then, "She has been. Crying, I mean. She didn't start out that way. But she would wake me up weeping in her sleep. Begging you to forgive her. Tonight, though, she cried herself to sleep in my arms. And the bad dreams. Tonight she dreamt you sent her away."

"I'd never do such a thing. And that's not like Susan," he remarked.

"No," she agreed. "Mother says it's the baby. Every emotion is magnified ten times. It hasn't hit me and I am so grateful. On the day we left, my sister was a right bitch to you, Royce. You didn't contact her with your telepathy?"

He shook his head. "I know how you both feel about that. To save your life with a warning, or if I feared for your safety. I've kept my promise to you both."

Charlotte Ann took his hand into hers, staring up at him. Then, "I love you, Royce. Come on. Time for you two to mend your tiff."

"A moment, Beloved. How have you been doing? Besides taking care of Susan, how this trip been for you? Any pressure from your father?"

Charlotte Ann's hand tightened noticeably. "Not right now, Royce. Later."

He leaned down, nuzzling his cheek against hers. "So it has been rough. I'm sorry for that," he whispered. "I want to hear about it later. Your word?"

She nodded, then led him to their room. Down the hall they quietly padded, their skill at moving silently automatically adjusting for their passage, completely masking their footsteps. The only sound heard was the quiet shift of the door knob as the latch turned in the socket. The well-greased hinges made no sound as the door opened.

Royce observed their room was the third door on the right. He was glad he had a guide, as he'd been sure their old room was the second door. If the second room was occupied, it could have been seriously awkward!

Inside they stepped. At the click of the door closing, a muffled voice said, "That you, Sis?"

Charlotte Ann lifted his hand, kissed it, then gave him a gentle push.

Using his psionic abilities, he adjusted his vision into the ultraviolet. Shadows retreated, and he could easily see everything in the room. Royce went to the bed and leaned over. "Susan?" A caress of her hair. "Susan?"

"What? Who--Royce?" Suddenly awake, she grabbed his hand while the other sought his face. "Is--is it really you?"

He leaned closer, kissing her cheek. "It's me."
