 A Tale from Skyra

by T. J. Skywind

Location: Ramez, Duchy of Atansha, Kingdom of Tildor

Date: May 2048

Miri Livona Tanner was naked and happy. Their blanket lay under the shade of the alder and cottonwood trees. Nearby, to the east, the ocean surf washed the wide, sandy shore in a slow and muted rhythm. The sun beat down warm without being too hot and a slight breeze played with her hair. At the moment, her legs were up by breasts, and her lover was fully buried in her pussy, having filled her again with his sperm. Their previous emissions pooled at her butt on the blanket, but she didn't care. Her thick, long black hair was loose, and her hazel eyes looked down to the vee of her crotch where her mound of black hair was impaled by his long, thick cock. He felt so good, deep inside, stretching her depths and brushing against her womb. They were joined and she loved the hard feel of him probing her sex, loved it when he came inside her. She caressed his face.

Royce Moramorian, Duke of Atansha, took a deep breath, then leaned down for a kiss. 

Miri sighed, eagerly opening her mouth to his. She craved his body. A look from his dark brown eyes could make her knees weak and her heart skip. Whenever he came in her, it triggered a visceral response from her pussy, even if she was just coming down from an orgasm. At twenty-five, Miri had had her share of lovers, but from the first time she saw his cock, it was if her pussy seized control of her mind and never let go. On that fateful day, she had gotten down on all fours, crawled to him and licked his sex, and then turned around and begged him to mount her. He did so, and it was no more than a few minutes of rough thrusting, but she'd come hard – twice – with barely a pause between explosions. Ever since, for more than a year now, she'd been hooked.

Most of their times in the manor were short. She'd kiss him, wet his cock down before she hiking up her dress. Most of the time she bent over, but sometimes she lay down on her back so she could see his face. Within minutes of his hard thrusting, he would cream deep inside her, and feeling his hot come was usually enough to have her explode around him. Day to day, just seeing him and catching his eyes, and the possibility of them having a quick union, would get her pussy damp and loose. Except for winter time, she didn't put on her underwear until after he came inside her. Then, after the first couple of months, he changed things up. Most of the time, they still had their stolen moments. But for variety, some days he just held her in his arms and kissed her. Or he'd open her shirt and then suck and knead her breasts. Or he'd lay her back and lick her lick her pussy until she came on his face. Sometimes having her pussy eaten was the worst, because then she really wanted him inside, but then he would have to leave. Whatever he wanted, she willing gave to him. Then there were those wonderful and too few days, every month or so, when they could spend hours together. Like today. Even better, she could be as loud as she wanted and nobody would hear them.

Clean shaven, Royce was tall with strong, wide shoulders. Both his hair and his eyes were dark brown, and of late, his hair was getting longer. As he leaned down, his locks framed his face. He, too, was enjoying this longer interlude, relishing their time together. Miri had sucked him off, smearing his come over her large breasts with obvious enthusiasm. Then he'd returned the favor, spending time suckling her breasts, and then eating her pussy. Miri came, over and over, until her crotch was soaked and she pleaded with him to enter her body. Regeneration allowed him to stay hard after ejaculating. He had ridden her with firm, deliberate strokes, taking time to enjoy their union as well as satisfying the underlying desire for her body. After his first come, he took it slower, taking time and enjoying the sensation of penetration and intimacy, until the final build-up and release. Royce sighed contentedly, his hard cock still held by the velvety grip of her pussy.

As his tongue touched hers, she moaned, rocking her hips against him.

When he broke their kiss, he nuzzled her cheek. "I think you want to go again."

"Please?" she sighed. "I never seem to get enough. Even when you leave my pussy sore, my body still aches for you."

"What am I going to do with you?" Kissed her neck.

She arched, baring it for him. "What we have been. Fucking as often as we can." 

"It's not just fucking, Miri. I like you. Care for you. And I know you feel the same."

Miri looked at him, nodding slowly. "You're right, my Lord. But it changes nothing. I am Senior Lady-in-Waiting to Lady Susan, your First Wife. We can do this because she has given you permission to lay with other women – but only so as long as she does not find out about it and you do not neglect her. Lady Susan is my mistress, and since entering her service, I have come to love and admire her. Officially, you have an open marriage. But the truth is, she has never slept with anyone else since your wedding. If she found out you were having an affair with me, it would wound her deeply, for she calls me her friend. I hate hiding us. Being forced to leave her service would hurt less than the pain it would give her heart. As much as I want you, need you, I won't willingly hurt her."

And all the while she spoke, her hips rocked against him, keeping him hard.

"Your loyalty and devotion to Susan are just a few of your admirable qualities, Miri. Be assured, I love both Susan and Charlotte Ann. I would never ask you to hurt either of them." He nipped her neck, causing her to shiver. "We have time for another round, maybe two, and then a quick dip in the surf before we have to leave."

Miri's heart soared.

He lifted up, slowly pulling out of her. "I want you on your hands and knees, Miri."

The emptiness of his withdrawal was replaced by the anticipation of him riding her from behind. She thought of that position as primal, raw sex. She seemed to come harder when he was behind her. Even the name used by the priests – Stallion to Mare – spoke of its animal nature. She slowly turned over and lifted her ass, showing him her dripping pussy, the pink of her inner walls, the ring of his sperm around her engorged, hairy labia, offering herself to him. Miri crouched down, arching her back, making her pussy even easier for him to penetrate. Her heart jumped when she felt his hands on her hips. Male mounting female, driving deep, taking what she offered, thundering into her center, and at the end, giving of himself by filling her cavity with his hot seed. Even as she doubted he felt the same way as she herself did, she felt that by him mounting her, coming in her, marked her as his woman. Before him, she hadn't even been looking for a lover. Since that first time, she couldn't imagine – no, refused to imagine what it would be like not to feel his body take her, stretch her, fill her.

She inhaled sharply when she felt the crown of his cock nudge her nether lips apart. She widened her stance. With so much lubricant and sperm on his cock and inside her pussy, he easily stroked into her, parting her until his crotch rested against her butt cheeks, inside her so deep his fat knob brushed against her cervix. Miri moaned deeply. "Yes!"

When his hands reached over her back, she felt him lift up, changing the angle as he crouched behind her, pressing himself into her welcoming, wet warmth. When his hands gripped her shoulder, her pussy twitched in anticipation. 

"You want it, Miri?" he asked. 

"Yes, I want it!" she husked, tensing. "Hard and fast!"

Slap! Slap! Slap! Royce pounded into her, her whole body shaking with the force of his thrusting. Miri felt like he was driving a stake into her, that he would split her open. "Oh! Oh! Yeah! Unh!" Her moans quickly turned to loud cries, the delicious friction of his movements sending ripples of pleasure the length of her channel. Within minutes, her pussy convulsed around his hard, relentless humping. 

"Ohhh!" Her walls milked his cock, urging him on. Shaking and bucking under him, his grip held her in place while he continued to ride her, his erection spearing into her center. 

She was still spasming when she heard a surprised, "Oh!" and then a large grunt. Miri cried out even louder when she felt his hot come splash deep inside, triggering yet another wave of explosions in her loins. Unlike his normal ejaculations, he hardly paused, his cock spewing cream all along her passage as he drove in and out. Royce just kept pumping into her. 

More minutes of him destroying her. She came again, her pussy throbbing around his cock. And again. Miri's legs began to give out, held up only by the force and vigor of his thrusting. Her pussy twitched almost continuously, gripping and releasing his cock as he worked it hard and fast into her. Then he slammed into her depths, creaming her yet again. Her body responded to him. Miri didn't even have time to cry out. She simply blacked out for several seconds. When she returned to awareness, her breath was a ragged series of gasps escaping her shivering body. 

When he finished ejaculating, he slowly he released his grip on her, dropping his knees onto the ground. Slowly, his own heart returned to normal. While Miri recovered, he ran his hands over her back, massaging her muscles, eliciting sighs and even a few gasps.

After a bit, he pulled her up, so that she leaned with her back against his chest. His arms went around her waist and she sighed. He was still hard inside her. Miri felt totally female, her body possessed by his.

"I don't want this day to end," she said at last.

"It won't really," he replied. "We will cherish it in our memories."

She nodded. She would do just that. "Still, things will be changing. For all of us."

"Yes," he agreed, breathing into her hair. 

For the past two months, both of his wives had been trying to conceive. Charlotte Ann, his Second Wife and Lord Marshal, was the first to become pregnant. She was almost two months along. And just a few days earlier, his First Wife, Susan, had finally obtained her own desire. While Lady Susan wanted to wait a month or so, to make sure the pregnancy was viable, the women around Lady Susan were excited for her success. Miri herself was genuinely happy for her mistress. She loved Lady Susan and wanted her to be as happy as she herself was.

Miri closed her eyes, reveling in his embrace. "I will need to leave for several days," she told him. "Lady Susan will ask you to take me to the capital, where I will visit the temple of Osh Mayan." Osh Mayan was the Ba'lorian god of water, magic, and fertility.

He ran his hand over belly, lingering over her mons. "To cover your own pregnancy?" 

"You know?" Startled, she turned her head briefly. "Of course you know." She stared off to the rolling waves gently washing the shore, inhaled the salt air. Her hands covered his hand on her belly. Their child. She closed her eyes, incredibly happy. Though slowly softening, his cock still impaled her sex from behind, his hand holding her close. Never would she have believed she could feel so happy, so complete. In the far distance, seagulls wheeled and dove into the water.

"I wasn't trying to hide it from you," she said at last. "When Lady Susan made you take off your Birth Control Ring, I saw it as my own chance. I know that with your bloodline, I will carry longer, maybe even as long as a year. If I leave in the next week or so for the temple and pay my donation, when my time comes, it will appear as if I carried the normal length of time for a human woman. Another half-truth, another sin for me to bear, but this too I do willingly."

He nuzzled into her hair, saying nothing.

"Does it surprise you that I hunger not just for your body, but also for your children? I do. They will bear my clan name, of course. Maybe one day, I can tell them about their father, and they will come to know you."

Royce was amused. "That's twice you've said 'they.' You plan on more than one?"

"If you chose otherwise, I will understand, but – no, that's not true. I won't understand. Not at all. My Lord, I worship you with my body. I want to give you many sons and daughters. Your entire bloodline is filled with intelligence, wisdom – with great warriors, powerful mages, and gifted priests. Even your younger sister who has chosen to be an artist is making a name for her talent. You are strong, handsome, of good heart, and our duke. What woman seeking to bear strong, healthy children who has such a mate would be satisfied with just one child?"

"I am ... honored by your choice, Miri. Humbled, even. You see yourself as my mate?"

"One of them. Or so I hope. I cannot see myself being with another man. Is that too bold?"

"No. Not at all. I hope one day, at least in private, you will call me by my name."

She reached down to her crotch, her fingers touching where her fat labia were parted by his cock, her crotch soaked by his sperm and her juices. "Too dangerous, my Lord. I might slip and call you by your name in front of others. And then we would be undone. Besides," Miri grinned. "Lady Susan has told me that she plans on another child as soon as custom allows. I will have my chance then. You are quite a lover, my Lord. And potent, too. Mayet, too, is with child."

"Is she? I haven't seen her around in a while. How is she taking it?"

It was because of Mayet, the black woman with creamy undertones who misinterpreted Royce's kindness and offered herself to him, that Miri was with Royce at all. On impulse, Royce had accepted her offer, and Miri had discovered them in the supply closet. Seeing his hard cock had been her own undoing. 

When Royce learned Mayet was a former slave, he had entrusted Mayet's care and education to Miri's guidance. Mayet had been effusive in her gratitude, determined to master literacy. Her former owners had instilled in her the belief that women were fit only for sex, and that reading was beyond their skill. Yet in just over a year, the former child prostitute was making great strides in both knowledge and self-esteem. 

"She is pleased, my Lord, knowing she carries your child. I thought I would be jealous of her. Instead I find that I am happy for her, too -- as happy as I am for Lady Susan and Lady Charlotte Ann. You have given all of us what we craved. I feel blessed, and wish for each of us to bear a strong, healthy child."

"You continue to amaze me, Miri. The compassion in your heart is yet another trait that makes you beautiful."

"Come, Lord. We both know that there are many women prettier than I am. Even Mayet is comelier."

"Beauty is more than flesh, Miri. You should know that," Royce admonished. "How is Mayet doing these days?"

"She struggles with reading, Lord, coming to it so late in life, but she has an aptitude for numbers, and has not only mastered our numerals, but also the Kemetic and Hellene scripts. I have her learning accounting, and she is picking it up quickly. There is another thing, my Lord."

"Yes?"

"Tamaron, a sergeant in your guards, is taken with her. Mayet believes she must remain available to you, and so discourages all suitors."

"Hmm. I will speak with her. If she finds someone who makes her happy, I will not gainsay that. If she likes him, she should give him a chance. Everyone deserves someone who makes them happy, to be there for them when they need it."

"Yes, my Lord," Miri agreed wistfully. "I am grateful for what we have together, yet I would wish that my Lady Susan's heart were more open. I pray that the Lawgiver keeps Lady Susan and Lady Charlotte Ann safe, yet I also pray that one day I may sleep beside you at night and wake up beside you. Even if you can never take me to wife."

Royce sighed, giving her a squeeze. "Susan and Charlotte Ann are good women. It was only because they loved each other so much that they were willing to share me at all. If the other woman had been anyone but her sister, I doubt either would have agreed to the shared marriage. Most people are content with one lover, one spouse."

"I am such a woman."

"Yes, but you don't become jealous if I am with someone other than you. I suppose it's because sex is necessary for children that people can get so possessive of their partners. Yet I saw the love my father has for both of the women who share his life, and they for him. I was raised to think that loving another person is an act of sharing, of intimacy. Sex is fun, but it's always better with someone you like, and it's better if you love them."

"It is because of that very intimacy," Miri replied, "that some do not like to share. If one's partner has a special, intimate bond with others, it diminishes the uniqueness of your own."

"But that's just it, Miri. Love shouldn't make you feel you have ownership over another. Jealousy and other feelings of possessiveness are what truly diminish us. Every relationship is already unique. If what one has is already special, how can we deny that pleasure, that intimacy to another?"

"There is truth to your words, my Lord. You have the capacity to love more than one woman and to actually mean it. And your ability to make love over and over means you will less likely neglect one of us. In our faith, women are charged with deciding when and how many children we have. Not all women have access to birth control, and ultimately, each act of union for a woman is also a potential child, at least during our fertile years. I am happy having no other man because I want only you. That also means I do not wish to bear another man's child. From my time during my own Rite, I know that some men also have strong feelings about sex. Not everyone can tolerate knowing their partner is so intimate with another. It doesn't make either way right or wrong. It just is. I accept your path as yours. It is part of who you are. As for me, I will let a stranger from the temple mount me because I need the subterfuge. If it is known that I have paid my gold and been serviced at the temple, no one will inquire about my child's father." She sighed. "I was not going to do this. Forgive me my foolish heart, but I need to ask. Does my Lord love Miri?"

"I do," he admitted, kissing her hair again. 

His breath along her neck sent shivers all down her back. She turned her head, offering her lips, careful not to dislodge his cock still buried inside her. He kissed her slowly.

"Another gift you have given me, my Lord. I love and am loved in return. I carry the child of the man I love, and he knows it. I am truly a happy woman."

"If you but knew some of the things within my heart, you would not think me such a good man," he countered.

Miri's heart leaped yet again. To become his confidant would only deepen his affection for her. "Each of us has things we are ashamed of, my Lord. We are all imperfect."

"We should get cleaned up and go, yet I feel the need to talk to you about this. I cannot speak of this to Susan or Charlotte Ann."

"If it harms not my Mistress, I will listen to what is on your mind, my Lord."

"I keep it from them to avoid that hurt. Your earlier words give me hope I can share this with you, for I have carried this burden with me for many years."

"If I can ease your mind, tell me."

With a feeling of loss, she felt him finally slipping out of her pussy. She stretched out on the blanket. He spooned behind her, enveloping her in his arms.

"There have been many others who have desired my child," he began. "Most were in love with my position and wealth. There was one, though, who was different, for I knew she truly loved me. She wanted my child. Begged for it. She would have been happy forsaking all privilege and wealth just for the chance to be my wife, and to make a home for us together, even if it meant living in a simple nomad's tent and having a dirt floor for the rest of our lives. Accepting her offer would have required me to leave my home and never return. Still, I was sorely tempted to go with her. She was not only a friend, I came to love her and desired her as a woman. What stopped me was that I'd made a promise before I fell in love with her. I had promised I would not take her to wife. It was the hardest promise I ever had to keep. I love you, Miri. I also love Susan and Charlotte Ann. I don't love Mayet, but I do have great affection for her. Yet even so, sometimes I wonder if keeping that promise was the right thing to do."
