 Dan didn't take long to get his new slave Kerry into his house, thankful that she had offered herself to him as his property, whereas before she was only a barkeep. She adored him and serving him, being a chattel, it was such a relief for her. There was so much less about which to worry now. All that she had to do was serve him and obey his commands. All other matters would be taken care of by her wonderful new Master. 

For Dan, of course, it was truly glorious to claim this lively, drop-dead gorgeous and highly intelligent young woman. She would make a wonderful first slave, though he had others to claim, too, and he wasn't too sure that Celia would see reason quickly...then again, how many choices did she have? It wasn't as if men would be in a hurry to help her out, given her tendency to be selfish and vain, not to mention expensive. She would probably be pretty desperate by now, he assumed, if she weren't already a slave.

"Penny for your thoughts, Master, if I had one to my name, that is," Kerry asked Dan, as she poured some drinks for him that night when they were alone. 

"Well, my dear, I was thinking of my plan to enslave my ex, you see. I do hope to see her in thrall to me...serving me. Bear in mind that you will permanently outrank her, if for no other reason than that you can be trusted more. Any thoughts on that, my sweet Kerry?" Dan inquired, curious as to what she thought of the whole thing. 

"Personally, I want to scratch her eyes out, but I'll settle for humiliating her and dominating her under your direction, Master. Anyone who treats you with such disrespect deserves no better. I look forward to seeing her utterly abased as she has done or tried to do to you and probably others in her self-centered life. Seems to me that her ex, Brandy, has more than earned some punishment as well, if you ask me. Didn't she instigate Celia to try what she did? I would say that she's guilty, too, right?" Kerry pointed something with which Dan found himself in complete agreement. 

"Well, you're no dummy, that's for sure. You have quite the deliciously devious mind there. It actually turns me on a bit, truth be told, and I'm good for at least one more round tonight. How about you tell me all about some of your kinky, nasty ideas for Celia and Brandy while I fuck the holy hell out of you, hon?" Dan grinned as he heard Kerry's delightful suggestions. 

"Your wish is my command, of course," Kerry giggled as she lay across my ottoman and spread her cheeks to encourage Dan's fantasy of fucking her ass. 

"What happened to slow, easy, and gentle?" Dan teased Kerry a bit, but while she blushed, she also raised her butt a little more to make her intentions clear. 

"If I'm going to give you a better idea of my intentions for Celia and Brandy, it will help if you're a bit rougher than I first proposed. Plenty of lube, please, though. I can take it hard and deep, but it is going to hurt. I don't mind that. I just don't want my asshole ripped wide open in the process," Kerry explained as she blew a kiss at Dan. 

It took a couple of tense, awkward minutes to get every inch of Dan's fine cock inside his new slave, not to mention that he gave Kerry time to adjust to the full hardness of his dick inside her puckered, no longer cherry hole. Even so, once he began moving actively, Kerry became increasingly wet from the realization that she was completely surrendering every part of her body to her new owner. She belonged to Dan now in every sense of the term that mattered. She had willingly yielded her virgin bottom to her Master...her wonderful Dan, with whom she was already, surprisingly feeling some rather intense emotions. 

"Damn, Kerry, you're really quite the submissive slut, aren't you?" Dan reacted to the eagerness with which his new slave gave up the booty to him...

"Oh, hell, yes! I'm yours! I'm your slut, Master!" she declared happily. 

Kerry was so extremely tight and hot as she thrust back at him for the sheer delight of serving him and taking him in her most intimate hole. He pushed and shoved as she moved her hips in concert with him, determined to please and satisfy her Master. Kerry wanted it to be abundantly clear that she adored her Master...Dan was not just any man to her. She belonged to him, heart, body, and soul. 

This realization was finally what it took for Kerry to cum during the act of buggery, at which point she tightened up hard on Dan's dick, forcing him to react. He came with a reasonable load into Kerry's backdoor, filling her sphincter with his creamy fluids. Dan then pulled her up and started kissing her deeply on the mouth. Kerry reacted with more passion than expected from a slave, but then she had gladly become his property, hadn't she? Clearly, she enjoyed belonging to him and having him use her as he wished.

"Thank you, Master. That was...outstanding. Not that you need my approval, of course. Just wanted you to know much I enjoyed giving you my cherry ass. It hurt, true, but it felt terrific to fully be yours in a way that I've never been any other man's. Are you sure that you aren't on Star Trek, because you've boldly gone where no man has gone before?" Kerry teased him a bit. 

"Just for that," Dan playfully spanked her freshly fucked tush as he led her to the shower, grabbing her buns as they walked to it in the buff. 

Celia Finch was indeed more than a little desperate by now. Her debts had reached a point that she now crashed at her friend Tanya's, as she had been evicted and still owed her former landlords more than a thousand dollars. She was recently fired for absenteeism due to having been jailed for violating the restraining orders against her, and on top of that, she still owed the bail bondsman. Tanya hinted strongly about her getting a job soon, though, as Tanya's own finances were less than stellar. She badly needed another income, since Celia was threatening to eat her out of house and home, and hadn't even been in the mood to resume their occasional sexual play as at times before. Worse still, with her criminal record, Celia's chances of employment were lessened, to put it mildly. Tanya had only taken Celia in with the intention of becoming lovers, but those hopes had quickly been dashed, which was not good, since Tanya was the only thing keeping her out of bondage. 

Things came to a head on the Friday evening following Kerry's enslavement by Dan. Celia was watching her favorite soap opera when Tanya burst into the apartment, crying and furious. She carried a notice from the front door...from the front office, in fact. Tanya's crashing had been noticed, due to not being careful enough, especially with the bitter fights, and now the landlords began eviction proceedings due to a breach of the lease. Unofficially, it was clear that the main reason was that the drama between Tanya and Celia disturbed their neighbors and that was something that the management didn't like. Even so, they were now both going to be homeless and they had only five days to leave. Where in the world could they go? 

"This is your fault, Celia. You put me in this mess. I was just trying to help you out. No good deed goes unpunished, I guess," Tanya asserted.

"Bullshit. You wanted back into my panties. Think that you weren't transparent from day one? I just used that to stick around, strung you out to milk you for the free room and board. I do feel a little bad about it, but, hey, I'm not the sort of person who does well entirely on her own. I need to live off others. It's just how I am. But you're right. I do owe you and we both need out of this mess. There's really only person to whom we can turn, though I've put this off until I had no other choice. My ex, Dan. Oh, God, he's gonna love owning me! It's gonna suck some serious ass, as I suspect so are we, but it beats being on the street. 

"You know the law. Vagrants are automatically enslaved in this state if they don't find homes within ninety days and there is talk of making it sixty days. We'd be slaves either way and miserable in the meantime. Might as well belong to a good guy like Dan. I have to warn you, though. He likes anal. He's gonna want to butt-fuck us both. I refused him before and even tricked him into letting me peg him...God, that was a delicious prank, but he won't have to take no for an answer and I'm going to have to pay for what I did before. It was still worth it. I always knew that someday I'd have to pay for what I did, so I figured why not enjoy myself fully in the meantime, right?" Celia suggested. 

"Is Dan white or black?" Tanya wondered...as an African-American woman, it was rather touchy for her. 

"White. Italian, actually. Why does it matter? Daniel Orsini. Great guy, just mellow on the surface, but capable of being a real prick when you try to push him around, as I've found out the hard way. He's such a bastard, but, hey, his family were Roman aristocrats and fucked around with popes. I guess that I shouldn't have thought that I'd do better than the Vatican at beating them," Celia shook her head at her own stupidity, "I have to admit that he has defeated me. He won. That damn Italian SOB has won! I'm crawling back to him on my hands and knees, so he has won, damn him!" 

Tanya got an idea in her head and asked Celia, "What's his number or address?" 

"Here it is. You want to handle the details? Thanks. It will reduce my humiliation, I think," Celia acted relieved. 

Tanya fought back a smirk at the idea that now came to her. Celia had a number of secrets and friends, things and people that might be useful to Dan. What if, instead of selling herself to be a slave, which would be only a last resort for her, she managed to get a reward from Dan? Would he pay up? Would he be so gratified to get payback that he'd give her enough to stay afloat? It was worth a try, right? At this point, it wasn't betrayal...it was revenge of her own and survival. Celia had strung her along and ruined her life. She would get some of her own back, and ideally stay free in the process. 

Tanya didn't call Dan so much as drive to his place and knock on his door. She needed to make her plans with him in private, away from Celia's ears. She wanted Celia completely thrown off guard by this. If this worked, not only would her ancestors have reason to be proud of her for avoiding a return to shackles, but she would be able to teach that evil ice queen a very hard lesson about entitlement and privilege. Payback was going to be a bitch, and both Dan and she had a common enemy in Celia. Tanya no longer considered that cunt her friend, not after what she did...ungrateful, heartless bitch! 

"So, let me get this straight...Celia wants to be my slave and you're offering to sell her out to me. Why pay you to get what she's offering me already?" Dan was skeptical at first, though he had to admit that he liked Tanya's brass, among other things. 

"Because I know a lot of her secrets and perhaps can help you get your hands on some of her partners or former partners. I understand that they weren't very nice to you, from what I gather. No guarantees, but it's a possibility. Also, if it helps...I can offer you some services now and then. Just not as a slave, you see. We begin, we have our session, and we end. I don't want to betray my ancestors by returning to bondage. It's a touchy subject for me," Tanya explained while flashing him just a little of her pussy through her open thighs. 

"Sessions, plural. In which you do as I ask, not as a slave, but as an assistant. There's a difference. Oh, and by assistant, I mean at least partly in helping train Celia to serve me properly. Meaning that you'll top as much as you'll bottom," Dan proposed. 

"Can I make her eat me out, rim my ass?" Tanya wondered now, intrigued by the idea, which had its appeal. 

"Oh, yes. On top of the hundred grand that I'll deposit in your bank account, which should be enough to buy at least some land or a house somewhere, free and clear if you buy foreclosed homes at auction," Dan suggested. 

"Make it a quarter million and you got your girl," Tanya saw her opening. 

"Deal, but for that money, I also want some amateur porn made and to go 'round the world at least once," Dan insisted, "and a turn for my brother as well." 

"God, yes! Now, how do we play this so that she doesn't suspect until the last second?" Tanya drooled at the idea now, including (to her surprise) the idea of being fucked by brothers...maybe she could get a DP out of this. 

"Simple. We make her think that you're already my slave. That will throw off her suspicions. Once she has signed up for the life of bondage, it will be too late. No law against deception of that sort, at least not yet," Dan chuckled now. 

"Yeah, no backing out of that, is there? How about I call her from here, asking her to bring my stuff over? That will reinforce the idea that I'm your slave by now. If you're fucking me when she arrives, she'll be convinced entirely of the truthfulness of my claim. Especially if you're in my ass. She'll be sure of it then, since she seems certain that no woman would gladly submit to anal. Little does she know that I love it," Tanya intimated to Dan before calling Celia briefly and telling her, "Hey, girlfriend, it's in the bag if you're ready. Gotta go...Master needs me to service him." 

"We register her on my laptop and don't let her see my desktop, which we will claim has your new slave ID number and contract listed. The biggest shock will come when the Slave Control Agents arrive to collar and barcode her, but not you," Dan laughed as Tanya yanked down his pants and began sucking his dick. 

"Wow, you're getting started early, aren't you? Maybe I should marry you, baby. Just as long as you know that I'm going to keep fucking my slaves," Dan laughed a little, but Tanya looked up at him with an evil gleam in her eyes. 

"As long as I can fuck them, too, I don't have a problem with marrying and sharing you. This is a very nice cock. I could get used to being fucked by it. Plus, if I'm your wife then I'd have a place to stay...and I'd have what Celia used to want from you, and probably still wants on some level. Your name. Tanya Orsini...wow, nice ring to it. The African-American wife of an Italian-American blueblood. And to think that my grandfather was a sharecropper in Alabama," Tanya snickered as she sucked him greedily, "as for starting early, well, I'm very attracted to you right now, I must confess." 

"Is that so? Glad to hear that it's mutual," Dan grinned as he now went behind Tanya and started fucking her pussy. 

"Oh, fuck, yes! I hope that you're just lubing your cock up with my pussy juices, because what's making them really flow is the thought of you going up my ass," Tanya admitted to his surprise. 

"Anything else turning you on big time?" Dan smirked as he kept driving inside Tanya's slit. 

It was a truly pleasurable experience with Tanya, though somewhat different than his time coupling with Kerry. His slave belonged to Dan, so while he enjoyed what she did for him, that was at least in part his enjoyment of his power and control as well the sex itself. With Tanya, it was more of a mating of relative equals by comparison...well, up to a point. Dan got the distinct impression that Tanya was more or less a switch and quite capable of being whatever she needed to be. It was now also sexual congress between an engaged couple, as well as being an interracial lay, which really appealed to him to say the least. Thinking of what he would...no, they would, do to Celia didn't hurt his libido, either. 

"Yes, the thought of you owning Celia and me helping you train her. I want badly to make her eat my ass right after you've cum inside it. I want to fuck her hard with a strap-on dildo in both holes. Stingy on the lube, too. I want her to hurt a bit, since she cost me my apartment and caused me to have an eviction on my credit history. I want to lick your cum out of her butt, too. I love the taste of her bottom, though I don't like her much as a person. If I might go right into her butt after you've fucked the first time, that would be very hot, especially if I've licked up much of the cum that might serve as lube. I could imagine that she is enjoying my tongue, only to find out that the price is the shortage of lubrication, which makes my strap-on hurt her even more," Tanya laughed after Dan pulled out of her, preparing to fuck her ass. 

Dan was soon balls deep inside Tanya's asshole, ramming her harder with each stroke, much to her obvious pleasure, too. He certainly delighted in the experience of her fine black ass, which was very tight and hot as it gripped his cock. He pulled her hair and she reveled in the thrill of taking it far inside her booty as they engaged in some rather intense sodomy. He played with her clit as he butt-fucked his fiancée. They weren't acting, either, even if part of the motive was to con Celia into thinking that Tanya was already his slave. 

The front door was unlocked, so Celia was able to walk into it, finding them in his office where Dan was buried deep inside Tanya's ass. She wasn't exactly shocked by this, knowing how fond Dan was of sodomy, but what stunned her was the degree to which Tanya was wet in spite of her sudden protests, which were not too convincing to Celia. Then again, she thought, maybe that was a new development due to necessity and Tanya had discovered a hidden G-spot of sorts for herself with Dan's guidance. She still didn't make the connection that Tanya and Dan feared, that enjoyment of the anal action would signify that Tanya was no slave at all, a leap of warped logic that by now not even Celia was ready to make yet. Then again, to be fair to Tanya, it was exactly the sort of mentality that Celia tended to have, so Dan's fiancée could hardly be blamed for expecting it of her. 

"Well, look who the cat dragged in?" Dan grinned right after he came inside Tanya's asshole, "I believe that you know Tanya here, don't you, Celia?" 

"Yes...we're roommates and I suggested to her that since things were so tough, we should submit to the same man, namely you. You know, sell ourselves into slavery to you...Master," Celia put on her most charming guise, though Dan wasn't fooled. 

"Well, I think that Tanya has taken your idea and really run with it. You're not chickening out and leaving her in the lurch to face this by herself, are you?" Dan challenged Celia to prove her commitment to her friend, knowing that ego and a desire to salvage her reputation would shame her into compliance. 

"I'm here, aren't I? Very well, where should I sign up? I'm here to surrender the booty, might as well do it now," Celia looked expectantly. 

"Desktop's occupied. Use the laptop," Dan pointed out the notebook computer near the main PC in the room. 

Sure enough, the laptop was ready for a willing slave to sign her life away. That was precisely what Celia did, not thinking of much but proving herself. She was also guided by the giddy thought that after so much time apart and such vehement refusals to take her back, Dan had indeed let her back into his house and his life. Much as she hated being under his thumb and a part of her wished to be in control of him instead, Celia in her own kinky way liked Dan a bit more than she cared to admit to others...or to him, especially him, in fact. Dan was a good man. He was a fundamentally decent, brave, honest, and principled man, though he was also prickly about some things, including the idea that someone was trying to put something over on him. Then he tended to bite back...hard, of course, and with plenty of sharp teeth. 

"Alright, then, seems the Slave Controllers are notified and on their way to collar and barcode my new slave," Dan smiled wickedly now, at which point Tanya slipped him a deep tongue kiss. 

"Slaves you mean, right? They're already on their way, aren't they?" Celia confronted them, forgetting her place. 
