 "So, if you don't mind passing me the cranberry sauce, babe, that would help," Dan Orsini asked his wife, Tanya, while Rachel sat on her lap and made out with both of them. 

"Of course, though I can see that Rachel here wants to add a sauce of her own," Tanya retorted with a giggle, truly enjoying this Thanksgiving feast of theirs. 

"Well, I still do have a sauce right here," Rachel dipped her fingers in Tanya's twat and licked her fingers clean, "delicious. Even has some cream," she alluded to Jason Martinez's spunk left behind inside her. 

"Yeah, hubby's cum is yummy," Lacey referred to Melanie's and her shared, submissive husband, Jason. 

"So are the twin's," Melanie admitted, winking at Dan and his twin brother Dale, who had both left their seed inside her snatch right before the meal. 

"You seem more relaxed lately, in terms of your marriage, in spite of the Bondage Reform Act," Bob Ryan observed, the wealthy philanthropist still planning to run for Governor of Florida in 2030. 

"Well, I'm a bit ashamed that it took slavery and the moral support of my sister-Domme-wife to let me finally relax about my marriage and learn to trust a man who so clearly loves me...and accept that he can love another woman, just as I can. I let go of my anxiety, insecurity, hypocrisy, etc. and embraced the idea that Jason is here with me, and with Lacey now, because he wants to be there with me...and now, us. Everything that he has done, the patience, sweet surrender and submission, trust that he has shown me, and now us...it has shown me that I was wrong to let jealousy and resentment affect me so much. I was wrong to be so paranoid. I have learned so much about being a Domme and a spouse, hell, a lover, from both Jason and Lacey. I shouldn't have tested either of them, and yet they both passed the test, to my shame," Melanie fought back tears, only to have both Lacey and Jason hold her close, intimately, even. 

"It's nothing to worry about now. We've all learned more about ourselves and each other now. I've certainly learned a thing or two about myself, haven't I?" Brandy remarked, winking at Melanie while she stroked her boyfriend's cock.

Brandy was very pleased that Chandler had given her another chance (albeit with the condition that she remained Dan's slave). It was a small condition to her, one that she didn't mind in the least and actually enjoyed, so she gladly agreed to sign on after the Bondage Reform Act gave a two-week window for all slaves to confirm their desire to stay on as "indentured servants." She wasn't alone, of course, as Jason had signed up to continue as Melanie's chattel, and under Article 2, he had formally agreed to serve Lacey as well. Of course, no marriages officially existed or could exist between the indentured and anyone unindentured. 

This was one of Chandler's reasons for his condition, as it would prevent any useless talk of matrimony on Brandy's part. He had no desire to take that plunge in the least, preferring to sleep with other men's wives and slaves of late...he was neither Dom nor sub, but more of a voyeur about things sadomasochistic in nature, preferring to view them from a safe and yet enticing distance. Simply put, Brandy had wrecked his trust in the whole BDSM community to an extent, and he would take some time to repair it enough to even consider such things. Chandler only trusted some Doms, mostly Dan, Dale, Tanya, Melanie, Lacey, and Bob, and that was about the extent of it. 

"Yes, you learned that you're an bigger butt-slut than you thought at first," Rachel teased Brandy, but good-naturedly, as their little feud was now done. 

"Guilty as charged. I love sodomy, both taking and giving it. I'm so fucking glad that I lost the bet these days. I wouldn't have Chandler back, for instance, or have had the chance to get my booty plundered by so many of you lovely folks, but especially Chandler and Master...okay, and Sir," Brandy referred to Dale, who was busy fingering his mother's twat right then while he ate. 

"Well, I must confess that while it hurt like hell, I enjoyed some parts of being taken so roughly by you. Still, relieved that you've gotten better about not splitting me and others," Rachel even kissed Brandy now. 

"Yeah, me, too. She's a lot better at sodomizing people these days," Celia agreed, licking her lips at the thought of getting buggered again. 

"I'm glad that I don't know the old Brandy, then, just the new, fun one," Kerry interjected, recalling the most recent time that Brandy had butt-fucked her, after which she had returned the favor and both enjoyed it immensely. 

"Amen to that. The new Brandy's a lot better in bed," Chandler chuckled as he fondled her tits. 

"Very much improved in general, I concur. I rather love rimming her arse, too, since she started asking for it instead of demanding it," Emma spoke in a very posh accent and with no small enthusiasm for the new, improved Brandy. 

"It probably helps that I keep the butt sweat to a minimum, right? I enjoy licking your bottom, too, given how cool and sweet it is. Nice and smooth as well. I love how hearing you cuss in that very upper-class British accent, too. 'Oh, God, keep licking my bum, please,' very sexy if you ask me. I could tongue that sweet English ass of yours for days, quite frankly," Brandy confessed, while playing footsie with Dan and encouraging Chandler's interest in her bosom. 

"You seem to enjoy my tush, too, you know," Sarai observed in her own, Israeli accent. 

"Well, she shares my extremely ardent fondness for the male and female butt. There's a reason that I'm a proctologist, you know," Dr. Sandra Khan noted with delectation. 

"Yeah, the first time that you and I got it on, I distinctly remember you putting me over an ottoman and not letting me up until you had rimmed me to at least four orgasms! Then you fingered me and started pegging me, before finally letting me eat your ass in turn. And what a beautiful bottom it is, too. Very dusky and earthy, nice and brown, very delicious indeed. If you'll note, I was eager to return the favor and not let you up until you climaxed four times as well. Plus, it was an excuse to lick all that wonderful sweat off your fine booty, too," Rachel waxed nostalgic about that rimfest. 

"Glad to please you that way, as you did me," Sandra snickered, while the others laughed and in some cases snorted out their iced tea. 

"You outdid yourself on the turkey and ham for sure, Mom," Tanya told Irene, always sure to show respect to her mother-in-law.

This kind of respect and appreciation made even more sense when one considered that they were lovers, too...then again, nearly everyone present was the lover of everyone else to some degree (minus Larry with the women, of course). It wasn't utopia, perhaps, in this little network or club of theirs, this growing family, but it was the closest thing to it, and they had hopes that they would be able to advance their dreams of a better society even more once Bob Ryan became Governor of Florida. They certainly intended to work to get him elected as such. 

"Why, thank you, dear! Glad to please y'all, of course," Irene sounded a bit more Southern right then, Orsini Roman heritage be damned, of course. 

"This just in. We have a special news bulletin. Washington, DC, our nation's capital, has been completely destroyed by what appears to be a thermonuclear strike launched from a platform as yet undetermined, but unconfirmed sources claim to originate, not from Russia or China, but Pakistan. The precise motive of the attack is not clear, but the recent election of the first Jewish and female President of the United States, who happened to be in DC for a meeting with outgoing President Marco Rubio and his cabinet, seems to many to be too much of a coincidence. Prime Ministers Avram Strauss of Israel and Najir Singh of India have both vowed to avenge their ally, the United States of America. 

"Excuse me, this has just come in. The National Socialist Insurgency Command has just claimed responsibility for the Washington, DC, attack declaring its intention to 'fully restore the Anglo-Saxon way of life in all of its peculiar institutions and preserve white supremacy for the good of mankind. It has also confirmed that its members collaborated with the 'fellow travelers in anti-Zionist resistance, the good people and patriots of Pakistan, so as to prevent the installation of the final marker of complete Zionist occupation of the United States, in the form of the first Jewish President. We also stand together with the National Front of France, with Alternative for Germany, the True Freedom Party of Austria, and the BDS movement to eradicate international Zionism and the Jewish state once and for all, along with all international Jewry entirely, in solidarity with Hamas, the PLO, and the oppressed peoples of Palestine," IBS anchor Tristan Gilbert visibly choked back tears, good Canadian ally that she was, at what she witnessed now happening to the the USA. 

"We have just received reports that the NSIC's one-time ally, New Confederate Party Chairman Albert Picardy, has openly denounced the neo-Nazis as 'forgetful of the fundamental principles of the Southern Cause, such as states' rights and personal liberty, and of the contributions of such prominent Jews as Judah P. Benjamin to the Southern Cause. White nationalism doesn't have to exclude Jews, who are good white folks, too, though they still need Christ. Once again, the Nazis have proven that they care more about anti-Zionism and anti-Semitism than about the greatness of the white race, which was how they lost the last time around.' 

"There you have it, people. America has been attacked by avowed Nazis in collusion with European anti-Semites and anti-Zionists in the BDS on the far left and the French National Front and Alternative for Germany on the right, as well as militant Islamic entities, such as ISIS and al-Qaeda, and most ominously, the government and armed forces of Pakistan, our ostensible ally. 

"This just in. The Indian and Israeli Air Forces have initiated air and missile strikes to 'obliterate entirely the strategic threat presented by the nuclear arsenal of Pakistan.' Casualty reports have yet to come in, but it is likely that a minimum of fourteen thousand Pakistani civilians have been killed in the process. May God help us all. Tabernac!" Ms. Gilbert struggled not to weep, but her wife, Chantal, was from DC, after all. 

It was a bit of a boner killer for Dan and company, but only for now. They were in too much shock to care for now, but they resolved to enjoy this last Thanksgiving of the previous, somewhat sane world, while they still could. They had a shared feeling that they would never have another such holiday like it again. That world had just perished in a mushroom cloud, the fruit of anti-Semitic malice taken to its ultimate and most barbaric conclusion. 

The world was never going to be quite normal or civilized again.