 I had an idea suddenly a few days ago to try something new, something different than I had done before. The skeleton of a story popped into my head, but it had no meat on its bones. I did not know how to classify it, so although it includes several elements, it is at its core a sci-fi/fantasy story. Since the technology is at least in part imaginary, I am also theorizing as to its functioning and design. While I hope the story is enjoyable, even though it is completely unlike any of the other stories I have written to this point, I only ask that any criticism does not come from a standpoint of scientific theory, railing against my ignorance of such matters, as I am confessing that upfront.

I have always deeply appreciated the commentary and critique of my work here, even if I rarely respond. I create my stories organically, letting them flow as I write and being directed as life is directed through time. I am often as surprised by the direction of a story as the readers are, which sounds odd, I know, and may sound very amateur as an approach to writing, and this story is no different. I hope you enjoy this story, aroused as you read it, in much the same way as I am aroused in its writing.

***********

"Don't touch that," cried Reese. "Please," he said, taking it from Trey's hand.

"What is it?" Trey asked, leaning back again in his swiveling desk chair. He grabbed the red gel stress ball off his desk and squeezed it before tossing it into the air as he tried to explain.

"It's not ready yet," he said.

"Ready for what?"

He sighed and closed his eyes tightly, as if waiting for a blow to come from behind. "Sci-Tek."

"What's that?" asked Trey, tossing the ball into the air and catching it repeatedly.

"Promise not to laugh?"

Trey shrugged. "Whatever."

"Promise."

"Fine. I promise."

Reese took a deep breath before rambling on about a science and technology inventors' conference that comes to the city every three years. "This is the first year I've had something that could win."

"Win what?"

"Cash. Glory. Prize money plus a potential contract with a development and distribution company to help perfect it and get it on the market."

"Sounds cool," said Trey. "So what are you making?"

"Promise not to laugh," muttered Reese.

"Dammit," Trey said, holding the ball and leaning forward in exasperation. "I'm not going to laugh! Quit asking me that every time I ask what you're working on. We've been friends forever. When have I ever laughed at one of your projects?"

"I'm sorry. You're right." Reese sat back and picked up the gray and black pod, about the size of a heavy book. "It's a game."

"A game?"

"Kind of."

"Well, what's it called?"

"New You."

"New you?"

"N-u-y-u," he spelled. "NuYu."

"Oh. What does it do?"

"Okay, so you take these diodes," he pulled the adhesive backing off three patches and placed one on each of Trey's temples.

"What are you doing?" asked Trey uncertainly.

"Just trust me." Trey let him continue. "So you place one diode on each temple and one here," he said, leaning over Trey's shoulder, "On the back of your neck. Then," he said, reaching back onto the desk, "You put on this blindfold."

"What does the blindfold do?"

Reese laughed. "It blocks out the light."

"That's all?"

"Yep. You don't need your eyes."

"How do you see the game?"

"The same way you play the game," Reese smiled, tapping at his temple. "With your mind."

"What?"

"Everything about this game takes place in your brain. The diodes read your brain patterns and the one on your neck reads the neural signals, kind of intercepting them before they would get to your body and tell it what to do."

"So I won't be able to move?" Trey was confused.

"Oh, sure you can. But you won't need to, to play. You can sit in your favorite chair or lie on your bed and play."

"That sounds cool," Trey shrugged. "So it's a single player game."

"Not necessarily," Reese smiled, twirling the blindfold on his finger. He pointed to a port on the console. "I can hook up a second console here," he said, "And more can play."

"How many consoles can be hooked together?"

"Unlimited."

"Unlimited? That won't overload the game?"

"Nope. Remember the game is in your brain. Your brain is the server, so to speak. You see the game in your brain, and the other people each see the game in their own brains."

"Then who determines the playing field?"

"Everyone. Each person sees himself, the other players, and the environment however he wants. It's whatever his brain creates."

"Weapons?"

"Whatever you want."

"Then how do you beat each other?"

"You don't. This game isn't about defeat and victory. It's about finally being able to create whatever you want. You can be whatever you want and go wherever you want. Talk to other players. If you want to fight and they want to fight, then you fight. If you use a weapon, they will see a weapon, but it may not be the same kind. If you use an RPG, they may see nothing more than a pellet gun," he laughed. "Remember, they want it to be an enjoyable experience, too, and no one wants to be shot."

"It kind of sounds confusing."

"It doesn't need to be. Remember, each person is their own hero, living their own fantasy, in their own paradise. You may be on a beach standing toe-to-toe with someone on a ski slope. You will see sand, they will see snow."

"Sex?" asked Trey with a smile.

"Again," Reese shrugged, "Your paradise."

"Do you have a second console?"

"I do. I have to get them both ready so I can test how they work together."

"So, have you tried it?"

"Of course! It's awesome!"

"When do I get to try it?"

Reese leaned back in his chair and looked at Trey as he considered it. He leaned forward again. "I tell you what. You let me get this second console finished and you can help me try them out linked together. Tell me what you see and I'll take you to the conference with me."

"Really? Cool."

"Deal," said Reese, standing up and extending his hand.

Trey stood and shook his best friend's hand.

"Trey," his mother sighed, "You're twenty years old. You have to get an internship next summer and so far your resume is a blank piece of paper."

"I'll get around to it," he shrugged.

"You don't have time to get around to it! You need some kind of a job right now and you have to keep working until you start that internship. IF you get it."

"I graduated with Reese and he's working at Gadgets and Gigs. Maybe he can get me a job there."

"That's a good start," she said, nodding. "Don't get fired," she said, turning and walking out of the room.

"Good luck, loser," laughed Darla, Trey's older sister. Now twenty-three, she was a medical billing assistant at a local family practice, entering data into a computer all day, every day.

"Fuck you," he said.

"No thanks. I'm seeing someone."

"Yeah, but he requires batteries."

Darla flipped him off and left the room, her soft ass swinging beneath her navy blue scrubs. Too bad she was such a bitch to him, he thought. She could be kind of pretty sometimes.

Trey picked up the phone and called Reese. Reese answered and Trey started in. "Reese. Bro. I need a favor."

"Reese says you would be a good fit here," said Derrick. Derrick had long kinky hair, pulled back in a ponytail, glasses, a thick beard on his round face, and wore his excess weight evenly on his tall frame. Trey noticed that Derrick's oval nametag sat crookedly on his chest, the black and red GnG logo the only splash of color on his white short-sleeved button-up shirt. Trey could easily imagine him wearing tie-dyed or pop icon t-shirts with faded jeans in his off time. "Can you come in tomorrow morning for paperwork and training?"

"No problem."

"Good. Don't be late."

Reese and Trey's mother were both pleased that Trey had been offered the job, and Trey was fine with it. Darla, on the other hand, couldn't care less. "So the fuck what?" were her exact words.

"When were they made?" laughed Trey, "The 60s?"

"I know," Reese smiled. "For a computer store, their training videos sure aren't very cutting edge. Now that you've got that out of the way, however, it's a pretty cool place to work."

"I don't know as much about computers as you do," he said.

"Don't worry about it. You're working in home entertainment and most of the time people have an idea about what they're looking for anyway. They won't generally care about the technical stuff. You'll be fine."

They finished their lunch at the mall food court and made their way back to the store. On the way Reese excitedly proclaimed that the second console was finished and they should try it out tonight. 

"How was your first day?" his mother asked.

"It's a job."

"That's the spirit," she muttered, rolling her eyes.

"I'm going to Reese's after I change. He wants me to see his new invention."

"Have fun."

"Here it is," he said, handing it to Trey, and beaming with pride.

Trey took the console from his best friend and turned it over in his hand, inspecting it. "Cool," he said. "Do you really think it will work?"

"Hell, yeah." He practically snatched it from Trey's hand and said, "Have a seat." He turned and reached for the pack of diodes. He stuck two on his own temples and one on the base of his neck. Trey sat and watched before Reese did the same to his friend. Afterward he pulled the cords, which were coiled inside the console, and clipped them onto the diodes and pressed a button on the console, which flashed yellow before turning a steady green.

Trey watched as Reese plugged a six-foot black cord into a port on the side of the console before attaching his own diodes, turning on his console and plugging in the other end of the cord. He handed Trey a blindfold mask with a smile. "Clear your mind and follow my directions." Trey nodded. 

Reese took a seat in the other desk chair and slipped on his own mask. Trey followed suit.

"Where would you like to be?" asked Reese.

"The Playboy Mansion," laughed Trey.

"Fine. But there's no one there but you and me."

"Gross."

"Try again," his friend laughed. "And don't say it out loud. Create it in your mind."

After a few seconds, Trey was amazed to find himself in the cottage his family rented in Myrtle Beach when he was twelve. He smelled it. He felt the carpet under his feet. He felt the warmth of the sun at his back and turned to see the sliding glass door that led onto the deck, the sun low in the sky and shining into the door. 

"There should be a mirror." Trey turned to see his friend Reese standing behind him.

"This is pretty cool."

"Thanks. Now find that mirror so you can create the you that you want to be here."

"How?"

"The same way you created the place. Who do you want to be?'

Trey turned in the room, then moved down the hall. He saw the room where he had slept that summer, and knew that there was a mirror hanging on the back of the door. The room was just as he had remembered it: two twin beds with thin green blankets against opposite walls, a dresser in the middle, holding a lamp, and a ceiling fan with a globe light. He entered and closed the door. 

As the door closed, his reflection swung into view. He wasn't twelve, but he was just as he looked today, including the same jeans and t-shirt and brown shoes. He had always wished his hair was longer and more manageable. His hair immediately changed. It was no longer dark and curly, but was longer, a sun-kissed blond. His eyes changed from brown to blue, as he imagined the girls would love. His nose became narrower, more triangular and his jaw transformed into one stronger.

With a smirk he watched his body transform into a ripped, bestial form, broad in shoulder and narrow in waist. He pulled his shirt, now too tight, over his head and looked with wide eyes at the sight of his personal fantasy come to life. "Holy shit," he muttered, flexing in the mirror.

He got a wicked smile on his face and watched a bulge grow in his jeans, extending down his left leg. He reached to unfasten his jeans and then realized where he was. He immediately appeared in the board shorts his mother had deemed too expensive, and smiled at his choice. Pushing them down, he saw his thick, heavy dick hanging low. Smiling even more broadly, he watched it become the size of an elephant's trunk, the first few inches lying on the floor. He was surprised that he could actually feel the cool hardwood floor on the underside of the head of his cock. With a laugh he watched it pull back until it was a respectable, yet fantastic dick that almost reached his knees. Trey reached down to heft it in his hand, impressed by its weight, length, girth, and warmth.

"It's not even hard," he laughed. He watched it expand and stick nearly straight out, wrapped with veins and hard as steel.

"What's that?" Reese asked, looking for clarification. It sounded as if he called from the other room. 

Trey walked out naked and said, "What do you think?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," laughed Reese. "I don't see the same thing, remember?"

"Oh, yeah. I forgot. Now I have—"

"Don't tell me! If you tell me, my mind picks up on what you see instead of what I want to see."

"Oh, man, that sucks! You've got to see this!" Trey was swinging his dick around, laughing.

"Don't tell me. Let me guess."

"You, too?"

"Of course!"

They both laughed.

"Hey, Reese. Let me ask you something. Do I need to do this every time I use it?"

"You shouldn't have to. Your brain will kind of associate with it and should take this as your default setting. If you change something, that will reset the default. At least that's what it did for me. Some things may change, but generally it should be just what you want."

"So now what?" Trey asked.

"Whatever you want. Go where you want, do what you want. . ."

"What about other people?"

"Oh. The best I can tell from my own experience, I have to create the people individually. I can't just say I want a bunch of people on the beach. They need faces, shapes, clothes, movement. It can get pretty tedious. Also, when I would focus on one person, the others would kind of disappear. That's why having more people join in is better. See, as long as we're talking, I'm there with you. Same with you being in my game."

"Okay, so I'm at the beach. Where are you?"

"Mountains. Crystal spring by a waterfall."

Suddenly, Trey noticed that he was at a spring by a waterfall. "That's so cool. It's so beautiful here." Reese was standing on the small sandy beach near the rock outcropping.

"We're not seeing the same place. You're seeing your idea of this place and I'm seeing mine."

"No way! That's awesome!"

"Thanks. What do you think so far?"

"This thing is great!" Trey decided to make someone. Naturally it was a woman. He had seen a lady come into the store today. He wanted to bring her to the mountains. Suddenly she was there: blonde, green eyes, bright smile, mid-40s, huge tits (his own addition), full ass, and a hot pink bikini. "Holy shit," he muttered, "It worked."

"What worked?"

"Make a woman," Trey answered. "I just brought in this lady that came into the store today!"

"So what are you going to do now?"

"We should tag team her!"

"Hmm. I hadn't thought about that." He paused for a minute. "Okay, I think I'll need to make a woman and then each of us will have to picture both of us doing her."

"That sounds weird."

"Well, if you want to double team a woman in this game, that's the only way I can think to do it." Reese paused. "There we go."

"What?"

"Now I have one we can do together."

"So how do we do it?"

"I think we have to agree on the act."

"You mean like, taking off her top and blowing both of us?"

"Let's try that," Reese muttered.

"Too late," groaned Trey. As soon as he thought it, he saw her top disappear, her dark pink nipples resting high on her large tits and she was suddenly blowing he and his best friend. Unfortunately he had seen Reese in the shower in gym on several occasions, so he knew what he was packing, and he also had his giant erection. Reese looked the same because why the hell should Trey put any effort into making his friend look better?

The blonde on her knees took all of Trey's gigantic dick into her throat and Trey could feel the warm wetness on his real dick. He could even feel her saliva dripping down his balls. "Oh, fuck," moaned Trey.

"Shut up," groaned Reese, enjoying his own blowjob by his favorite teen porn star.

"Sorry." 

While Reese watched the tiny brunette deep throating his horse cock before switching to his average-sized friend, Trey was watching the busty blonde alternate between his gargantuan meat and his best friends nondescript penis. What neither of them knew about the other was that each fantastical woman was moaning and begging for the cum of her hero. Trey blew his load sooner than expected, filling his jeans with a load of his seed while imagining it was in the throat of the blonde. He felt the explosion and quickly ripped the blindfold off, suddenly back in Reese's room and still ejaculating in his pants. He jerked his head toward his friend, who was grunting and thrusting in his chair, his hands gripping its plastic arms. 

Reese slumped in his chair and Trey shook his shoulder. "Reese, dude!"

"What?!" he cried, yanking the blindfold off his eyes. He quickly recognized what had happened and looked at his crotch. "Oh, shit," he muttered. He looked up at his friend, embarrassed at what had just happened.

"Reese, man," Trey shook his head. "You're totally going to win!" He started cracking up, causing Reese to laugh heartily along with him before pumping his fist in victory and letting out a howl.

Twenty minutes later they were in the kitchen eating frozen pizzas and talking about the console and their experience. Reese had loaned Trey a pair of shorts as his underwear and jeans were quickly being washed and dried.

"I can't believe how real that woman looked and felt," Trey said. "I felt fucking everything."

"I'm telling you, dude, that's your brain. Your brain made her real! That console just showed what you made. I got a blowjob from a fucking pornstar!"

"We didn't get to double-team her, though."

"We probably would have if we hadn't blown our loads already. She was sucking us both off."

"So was that blonde chick from the store. You've got an awesome sex toy here. You know that right."

"But I don't want it to be just a sex toy. I want it to take people wherever they want to go and to be whoever they want to be. You know that phrase, 'if you can dream it you can do it'? I want that to be real."

"Then we need to try other stuff. War games, fantasy games, sports. . ."

"I want to be a stunt man."

"Do you think we could do comic book stuff?"

"Or Japanese animation?"

Trey shrugged. "I've seen enough that I can probably do that."

"Trust me. Whatever you've seen and experienced is in your brain somewhere. You can bring any of that in."

The Game of Thrones theme played on Trey's cell phone. Shit, he thought, it's Darla.

"Yeah," he answered.

"If you and Reese are done jerking each other off, mom wants you home."

"Is that what she said?"

"Yeah, Trey. She said, 'Tell your brother to get his hand out of Reese's panties and come home.'"

"Well, I appreciate you pulling your fist from your own ass long enough to call." Trey hung up and said, "I gotta go. I'll get my clothes tomorrow."

"No problem."

"When can I come over and try your game again?"

"I don't know; we'll work it out."

"Cool."

"Hey, wait a second," Reese said as Trey stood to leave. He picked up the console Trey had used and said, "Take it with you and do some of the other stuff you were thinking about, you know fighting and anime and stuff. Tell me what you think."
