 Heather grumbled as she trudged along with her class. It was a senior outing to a local lab, one that Heather's mother, Yume Alistair, actually owned and used frequently, she was even the one leading the tour. Heather rarely spoke or even saw her mother, who spent most of her days in the lab, even when home, Yume rarely left her study. It hadn't always been like that, however after the death of Heather's father, a young, upcoming American actor, their relationship had changed for the worse. At first it seemed that they were uncertain how to comfort the other, but even now, three years since his death, they barely said good morning to each other, let alone sat in the same room for any period of time. Hence, it came as a surprise to Heather when her mother offered a free tour of the lab.

For a short time, she had thought it was Yume's attempt to recover their family ties, however it was like always. Heather stayed in the back while she heard her mother giving 'interesting' facts about the various departments of the lab, all the while making a visible effort not to look at her daughter. As they went along, Heather felt the undeniable urge to pee, the feeling coming completely from left field, forcing her to push her legs together in an attempt to keep it in. She was about to raise her hand to request where the nearest bathroom, but stopped as she caught of them. Heather slipped away silently and relieved herself, releasing a small sigh of relief.

As she went about her business, she suddenly felt a shiver run up her spine. It was the same feeling one got when they thought someone was looking at them intently, unwavering, as if they were trying to recognise or memorise you. Heather looked about on a whim, but saw nothing except the amazingly spotless floor of the restroom, something that a sterile environment like a lab would need to avoid the spread of bacteria. Heather almost thought about not flushing or washing her hands to break the obvious rule, however she decided against it, not wanting to cause problems or walk around with unclean hands. Still, she wanted a way to get her mother's attention, besides the occasional word or nod.

Heather wasn't starved for attention. She was popular enough at her school, with her fair share of friends on the swim team, though there were only a few members in the first place. Her body was honed from the sport, her arms and legs particularly long and toned, fitting her lithe six feet body. On her chest sat large C cups, bordering on D cups. It was rare that someone continued to grow by the time they turn eighteen, however Heather was certain her bust still had a ways to go. Her hips, despite her thin waist, had little flare to them, giving her a more top heavy appearance. Her stomach was decorated in the beginnings of a six pack, while her rear was shapely and pert. Even before deciding on the swim team, Heather had been going between clubs at her school for the entirety of her freshmen and most of her sophomore year, her longest runs being with the track and basketball teams. Needless to say she was an athletic young woman.

Despite the mild muscles on her body, Heather made certain her appearance was distinctly feminine. She wore skirts that showed off her long, lightly toned legs. Her tops could go from loose tank tops to a range of blouses, each of which helped highlight her modest bust. She wore her make up smartly, applying a thin layer of concealer to her face in order to hide the more outstanding blemishes, using a luscious red lipstick on her above average lips, and had naturally long, thick eye lashes. Heather refrained from eye shadow or liner, rarely even using mascara, given her preferred sport it would get washed away. Her hair was an oily black like her mother's, a stereotypical Japanese trait, but one she enjoyed about herself when done right. Heather's behaved very well, falling into a natural style at its current shoulder length.

With her bladder relieved, Heather left the room. She would have guessed her class would've noticed her missing, given the fact that she stood over most of them by a few inches, however that wasn't the case. She looked left and right, seeing none of them around, not even any of the staff.

"Hello? Um, anyone?" She called out, thinking someone would have to be nearby in such a facility as this, but no one responded, "Oh, shit." She groaned and made her way in the direction her class had been heading in, even so they must have moved farther ahead than Heather would've thought. After a few minutes, she noticed an open door, where she assumed the class had gone. Inside the room, she didn't find them, though what she did see was far more interesting, as she stepped further inside to observe the room. The most eye catching part of the room, was the centre, where a line of vials stood.

On the walls hung charts and various monitors, most of which were switched off. The walls themselves were painted white, as one might expect, and completely spotless, likewise the floor looked like it had been put in just minutes ago, rather than the five years since the lab had begun operations. At the far the end, what looked to be glass cases held empty vials, a mist swirling around them, indicating the extreme cold in the cases. Three tables dominated most of the room, lined up in a row, with the middle holding the filled vials, each of which held a cobalt fluid, yet it was still see through. The other tables were covered in various documents and oddly blank papers.

Heather strolled over to the middle, curious as to what the vials contained. She leaned down to peer into them, watching as small bubbles formed in the fluid, not unlike when a human breathed underwater. As she looked, the vials all began to shake, startling Heather, who stepped back in fright. They continued to quiver violently, as if the contents were trying to escape their confines, however, the vials were made of thick glass and the caps were made of metal and tightly done. Heather didn't want to test her chances however, and promptly turned to leave, the steps of her high heels on the hard floor timing perfectly to mask the sound of glass cracking, as all of the vials saw large crevices form at the bottoms. The contained fluid began to leak onto the floor, stopping just short and powerfully lurching forward.

The vials had been small, barely able to contain 50mls. Even with the combined total of four vials, Heather barely felt it as they latched onto her bag, crawling inside, where they found her water bottle. The fluid possessed a certain degree of intelligence, as it began to unscrew the cap, while keeping the bottle upright. When it was undone, the combined 200mls of fluid slipped inside the half empty container, rapidly merging with the water, diluting its own colouration to the point that no one could tell the difference. With its current goal accomplished, the fluid redid the cap and waited.

Heather breathed a sigh of relief when she heard the voices of her class. The lab, while small, was almost designed like a labyrinth, this one just as confusing as the one from the film with David Bowie. She reintegrated herself with the group, who clearly hadn't noticed her absence, as they were directed to the exit. Even if she had been scared half to death, Heather was glad she had fallen behind now, having escaped the continued lectures that bored her so. With the tour over, Heather followed her class as they left, not even sparing a glance at her mother, who's pale face all but shone with a well practised smile, something Heather was unused to seeing. In the outside world, she and her classmates all climbed onto the school bus.

It was a warm day, signalling the end of Winter. The bus was stuffed full, not being very large and having to hold over a dozen students quickly had the temperature sky-rocket, making Heather feel sweat form on her arms. She reached into her bag and pulled out her water bottle, noting the moist feeling it had, but put it down to condensation, and took a long drink from it. To her surprise, it tasted good, strange considering it was water, not that she didn't enjoy the plain taste at times. Now, it left a savoury sweet aftertaste in her mouth, though it didn't quite quench her thirst, however she saved it, knowing she should savour such a delicious beverage, even if her instincts wanted her to down it in one go. Heather sat back and watched the scenery pass by, occasionally talking to a couple of her friends, but remained mostly in silence.

She took another couple of mouthfuls of her water, each one tasting better than the last. Though she frowned to herself as the bus neared the school. Her body felt... cool, like the early afternoon sun wasn't beating down on her through the windows, while over a dozen other students made the air even warmer around her. Her water should have heated up as well, even if it was protected in her bag, and yet it remained chilled and refreshing as ever. There was something else as well, like her mind was sluggish, but she pushed it aside as they pulled into the school, her classmates climbing off the bus and heading to either their rides home or their own cars. Heather spied her own car sitting opposite the bus and headed to it.

Fortunately, driving kept her mind away from her water. The taste lingered in her mouth, almost trying to tempt her to drink more, however her attention stayed on the road, listening to the radio host make puns or announce the next song. The rest of the day passed in near total silence, as Heather absent mindedly looked through the internet, finding little to interest her, even on YouTube, her subscriptions all having made their uploads for the day, none of which interested her. She even resorted to watching cat videos, but even they failed to keep her interest for very long. As the sun began to set, Heather felt her eyes growing heavy.

It didn't surprise her. She had slept very little the previous night, going to sleep at two in the morning and being forced to wake at seven, following a series of similar nights. Heather let herself lay back and relax on her bed, the soft mattress almost seeming to conform around her, the pillows practically caressing her head. She closed her eye and let her mind wander, until her breathing slowed and she entered the realm of dreams. When her breaths were slow and even, the fluid made its move.

While it had diluted in the water, it was a remarkable life form, able to reform itself and open the bottle once more. The liquid organism crept along the carpet, leaving damp patches in its wake, as it made its way to Heather's sleeping form, knowing this was its best chance, otherwise the human would try to savour the water, something it couldn't risk. Heather squirmed in her slumber, her hips moving just right so that her skirt was pulled down slightly, exposing her panties. The fluid could sense two distinctly moist heat sources nearby, however one was a good deal nearer than the other, as such it crawled up her bed and made its way to her most sacred place. Heather remained asleep as the liquid crawled along the sheets.

The fluid was able to keep together as kind of blob. It moved smoothly, like it was a CG creature in a movie, however its distinct presence was unmistakable. It reached the hem of Heather's skirt, continuing to crawl upwards, its goal coming nearer and nearer. Upon reaching it, the fluid latched onto her panties, holding still as she shifted about, waiting to see if she would wake, but Heather slept on, mumbling in her sleep. The liquid began to spread about, seeking entrance through the offending cloth into her virgin orifice, however the panties were tight against her skin, preventing it from gaining entrance in its weak state. Despite the risks, the blob began to move further up, now climbing over Heather's stomach.

Each movement she made caused the fluid to hold still. It was careful, knowing the girl's waking could mean its end, however fortune was on its side, as it eventually found its way to her chin. Heather's mouth had lolled open, a small line of drool running down one side of her face, giving the fluid a perfect target. Waiting to make sure she hadn't been alerted to its presence yet, the fluid made its final move, lurching forward to crawl into her mouth. Heather's eyes snapped open at the sudden intrusion, sitting up and tasting something odd, but distinctly sweet in her mouth, almost like her water had been, however this was moving. She tried to bite down, hoping it would harm whatever it was, she quickly realised her error as it pushed against her teeth to shoot down her gullet. Heather was on her feet in an instant.

She could literally feel it in her oesophagus, whatever it was. The thing continued to move down her body and into her stomach, and yet... Heather felt no urge to regurgitate, even sticking her fingers to the back of her mouth did nothing, not even the slightest gag. What the hell did it do to her? She tried to punch her stomach, but feeling was still there, the powerful blow forcing her to double over in pain, however nothing happened. She was about to panic, she knew it, however Heather was a calm minded person. She kept her calm long enough to try and think of a course of action, until she felt the thing in her moving about.

Heather tried to scream, but no sound emerged. She went to her phone, but found her hands were shaking in her terror, to the point that she couldn't hold it for more than a second, let alone input someone's number or text them. She fell to the floor, the strength fading from her legs. Drowsiness came next, her eyes feeling even heavier than before, as if they were being pulled down against her will, however she fought against it. Heather needed to get help, or find a way to get it out of her, but the fight was futile, as her eyes closed and she soon found herself back in the embrace of sleep. Her dreams were peaceful, even as her body jerked about in her slumber.

Inside Heather's body, the organism was spreading rapidly. Her antibodies naturally targeted the alien substance within her, however they were altered immediately, becoming far stronger than ever before, while allowing the fluid to further its goal. It continued to spread throughout her form, however the spasms it caused had calmed, infrequently making Heather's fingers twitch, until that too, ended. All over her body, the organism had placed small portions of itself, said pieces slowly but surely merging with her on an cellular level. Heather was none the wiser as her eyes blinked open, squinting against the slight amount of sunlight that lit her room. She raised a hand and wiped the sleep from her eyes.

Heather sat up, taking her time as she looked around groggily. She was on the floor, her bed directly to her side, the bedside table just behind where she laid. Her brow furrowed in confusion, since she knew she had been asleep, but why on the floor? Her mind, sluggish from the time it spent unconscious, struggled to think of a plausible solution, since Heather was certain she would have woken up if she fell off the side, though she had been known to sleep through worse at times, her mother having brought her breakfast in bed, before Heather's father had passed, she had dropped the plate, shattering it loudly, and yet Heather remained in dreamland. It seemed as good an explanation as any, especially in her discombobulated condition, better than the strange dream she'd had.

She rose to her feet, swaying slightly as blood rushed to her head. When the head rush ended, Heather walked to her bathroom, directly connected to her room. Her mother's work had been highly profitable in recent years, combined with the amount left over from her father's few, but notable acting roles, allowed Heather to live in a large house, almost by herself. It was a standard suburban home, almost like an exact copy from Edward Scissorhands, though its paint job wasn't so flashy or out of the ordinary. Heather's room was directly up the stairs, the first door one would see as they climbed, while Yume's resided almost completely opposite, though it had seen rare use in the past month. Heather often found her mother asleep on the couch, visibly exhausted. 

Back in her bathroom, Heather stepped past the large mirror. It was situated just above her sink, where a pink toothbrush rested in a cup, toothpaste by its side. As she walked by, Heather caught a slight flash from the corner of her eye, causing her to stop and look into the mirror, her mouth falling open in shock as she stared into her reflection's eyes, as otherworldly as they may be. Heather found it hard to think of a way to aptly describe what she saw, or rather, what she thought she did. In her reflection her eyes were bright blue, not like the kind one would consider angelic, but so bright that her eyes looked to be glowing, not only that but, as she looked closer, she could see a spark of the same blue at the centre of her pupil. As Heather kept her gaze firmly locked on herself, she could see a strange swirling in her irises.

She realised she had yet to blink in the thirty or so seconds she had been staring, and did so. When her eyes opened, she saw her normal eye colour, a dark brown. Heather sighed heavily in relief, only then realising her heart was pounding, as if she knew something that was causing this, but nothing came to mind. She pushed the concerns aside, going about her business once again, before going downstairs to cook her own breakfast, knowing her mother would be working late again. As she went about cooking her meal, Heather noticed how everything seemed easier, almost as if she didn't have to focus on anything, or even struggle with lifting a heavy saucepan filled with water. It perplexed her, as it would anyone.

Despite the odd ease she went about cooking, Heather didn't stop to question it. Soon enough, she had a simple plate of pasta with several pieces of garlic bread. She had always been a rather plain eater, though she didn't dislike spices or the like, she merely preferred to have something simplistic. As she ate, Heather drank several large glasses of water, finding that she was always thirsty, though not in the sense that she was dehydrated, or that she needed it; the urge was constantly there and hard to resist. As she downed her fifth glass, Heather leaned back into the couch cushion, sighing happily from the pleasantly full feeling in her stomach, taking a moment to enjoy the lethargic sensation that rolled over her from the large meal, before heading back to the kitchen, plate in hand. She set up the dishwasher and returned to her bedroom.

The sun had completely set by then. Heather, despite her earlier nap, couldn't help but feel tired. The day had been tiring, more so than going to a swim meet after a lousy night's sleep, with her having to stand on her feet and struggle not to make a run for it at the lab, the temptation greater since it was across the road from an arcade, then going into the open room and finding... whatever she had found, being scared by said finding, and then driving back home. To add onto the tiresome events, she'd had a strange dream of being forcefully invaded by some blob. Not only that, but she still had school the next day, with an early morning practice to boot. With a loud yawn, Heather went about stripping down and climbing into her bed.

The next morning, Heather's alarm sounded like an air raid siren in her ear. She jolted awake, as if shocked by a tazer, sitting up right in a single instant, looking around frantically for the source of her sudden awakening. Her phone sat on the nightstand, vibrating noisily on the wooden surface, while ringing loudly just to add to the effect. She reached over with a groan and turned it off, flipping her hair out of her face, before turning to step out of bed. Despite the abrupt wake up call, Heather felt great, as if she had hit a runner's high, even if her mind still begged to go back to sleep. She walked into her bathroom, glancing with blurred eyes at her mirror, seeing a bright blue look back at her. For a brief moment, Heather simply continued on, before doing a double take and staring at herself in shock.
