 'Aren't you a little nervous?' Ashley asked, 'I've never worked a night shift anywhere before.' Brie chuckled as she watched her friend check her ridiculously large bag over one more time. They'd talked about bringing snacks and phone chargers but somehow Ashley's bag was bursting at the seams. 

'What's there to be nervous about? It's a museum. And a history one at that, it's not like we're taking care of the world's more precious jewel or something.' Brie pointed out. 

'I guess.' She replied, biting her lip. 

'We'll have fun, I promise. And it's the only night shift we have to do.' 

'They just want to get out of paying their actual employees extra.' Ashley laughed.

'Exactly!' Brie replied, 'You just know they were thinking about things like this when our tutor approached them about taking some student volunteers on.'

'I guess it's ok though, it's a museum, it's not like a for profit business.' Ashley sighed, 'And it beats flipping burgers or something.'

'It really does. I did that in the summer after high school and honestly, anything is better than a night shift in a fast food place.' Brie shuddered to emphasise her point. 

'I didn't know you'd done that.' Ashley commented, hoisting her bag onto her shoulder, 'Ready to go?' 

'Sure.' Brie picked up her more moderate bag and continued, 'I don't like to talk about it, there's a lot of stuff from there I'm not proud of.' Ashley noticed her friend looked a little sad mentioning it but didn't want to push her too much.

'We all have those times.' She told her, trying to lighten the mood. Brie still seemed deep in thought for a minute before shaking it off.

'Yeah, it's in the past now.' Ashley still wondered what Brie could be referring to, knowing it was only a few months earlier. But they'd only been friends since starting university five months ago and although they were close, Ashley was still cautious. 

'So, you think we'll be able to have a good look around the place tonight?' Brie suggested.

'I hope so. I know we had a little tour but it was so busy and he took us around so fast, I didn't really get to see properly. I'm looking forward to being able to take my time and look at things I want to look at.' 

'You're right, there's always so many people around! I can't wait to stop and look at everything properly. Like the Roman exhibit they just got in, I've always been interested in that stuff. But it seems like everyone is, I never get to spend time there.'

'I know what you mean, I love the Egypt section but that's always full of people.' 

'You want to imagine being an Egyptian Princess?' Brie laughed, nudging her friends arm with her own. 

'Hmm maybe more like being with an Egyptian Princess.' Ashley smiled. She was still getting used to having a friend she could be so open with, it was brand new to her. Other straight girls she'd been friends with had been visibly uncomfortable even with a little joking around but Brie was unfazed.

'Ah. Well, Cleopatra was quite something.' Brie replied. 

'True. You think about doing it with any historical figures?' 

Brie laughed, 'Not a question I've been asked before! Didn't everyone smell though? Like hygiene wasn't so sophisticated. Still, if there was a clean and fresh Roman soldier, I might be interested.' 

'Oh really, a soldier?' 

'Yeah, someone with a bit of muscle, skilled with a weapon.' They both burst out laughing. They were still trying to pull themselves together when they arrived at the museum. It was half an hour before closing so there was still some people around. 

'You think we just go through to the staff room?' Brie asked as they crossed the foyer. 

'Excuse me, last entry was half an hour ago.' A stern voice called from the reception desk. 

'Oh, sorry, we're not...we're the volunteers, we're covering the night shift.' Brie explained to the middle-aged woman stooped behind the desk. She peered over her glasses at them disapprovingly, obviously not believing their explanation. 

'Hmm hmm, sign in.' 

'Sorry, it's only our second time here.' Ashley explained as Brie wrote their names. 

'And they're leaving you here over night?' She woman exclaimed, standing up straight for the first time.' 

'Yeah, volunteering here is part of our university course.' 

The woman shook her head, 'I don't know what this place is coming to. You might as well go through to the staff room to put your stuff away.' 

'Thanks, we will.' They kept the serious looks on their faces until they'd crossed the foyer and they lost the battle. 

'Maybe she's jealous.' Ashley suggested, trying to catch her breath, 'Maybe she's never been trusted with the place.' 

'She's like ninety! She probably isn't getting paid either!' They made their way through an almost hidden doorway between exhibit rooms and found the empty staff room. All of the workers were probably out in the museum making sure everyone left. They both put down their bags and got comfortable for the short wait for everyone to leave. It was almost like waiting for Christmas now they were there. Now they were inside, the idea of having the whole place to themselves was daunting but amazing. As people started filing in to collect their stuff they got a few odd looks but the manager soon came to see them. 

'So girls, ready for the night shift?' He wiggled his eyebrows in a way that Brie found disconcerting but she forced a smile.

'Yep, all ready to stand guard.' 

'Great. It'll be an easy night. Just walk around at least every hour or two, keep an eye on the cameras in between and if you see or hear anything weird, give me a call.' 

'Isn't there like a security team or something though?' Ashley asked, not liking the idea of having to call this creep if something was wrong. 

'There is but they never al get the night off at the same time like this, so they're taking the opportunity to go out. I don't think they'll be much use to anyone in a few hours.' He laughed in a way that made both girls skin crawl. Brie made a mental note to watch him leave so they knew he was really gone. 

'Do we need keys or anything?' Ashley asked.

'No it's ok, we'll lock up when we leave and you'll be here until the first staff come in in the morning. Don't worry though, there's fire exits everywhere as you saw on the tour. But as long as you guys don't start a fire...' He trailed off with another creepy laugh. 

'I'm sure there's no risk of that.' Brie insisted. 

'I hope not.' He nodded, 'So, have a good night, call if there's any problems, anything at all. Use whatever you want in here, kettle, microwave.'

'Oh thanks, we did bring some food.' 

'Make yourselves at home.' He told them, checking his phone and becoming distracted. He wandered towards the door and just when they thought he was leaving he turned back, 'And watch out, you never know which ones might come alive.' And with a final uncomfortable chuckle, he finally left them alone. 

The girls waited a while before they spoke. Brie finally let out a breath she'd been holding since he walked in, 'Thank God, I thought he was going to offer to stay with us or something!' 

'I know, he such a creep.' She shook her head, 'So, everyone's gone now, right?' 

'I think so. Let's go explore!' Giggling and hurrying out of the room like they didn't have all night, as though they'd never been to a museum before. 

Their first stop was with the dinosaurs. 

'This should be the most interesting part but it doesn't really do it justice.' Ashley sighed as she surveyed the replica T-Rex skeleton. While the newer part of the museum were moving towards more interactive exhibits, things you could actually walk round, figures you could stand next to rather than old fashioned glass screens, the dinosaur section was clearly older and not so much fun. 

'I know, hopefully they'll upgrade with the money saved on free labour like us.' Brie said. They stayed there a little longer before moving into the next room. It was a well organised museum, keeping everything in separate rooms with a wide opening in between but it did get cramped on a normal day. With only the two of them, they could move around freely. The cave people were a little newer than the dinosaurs and Brie had an idea.

'Oh my God, we can take photos with everything! We can take so many, really funny ones too!' 

'Great idea! I mean, we can't post them online or anything in case someone from here finds out but it'll be fun to stage our own photo shoot.' Ashley agreed. 

'Yes! First, I'll be a cave person.' Brie laughed. She stepped into their territory and crouched down next to a hairy model arranged like he was trying to make a fire, 'Didn't you hear the manager? No fires.' Brie told him, wagging her finger at the model. 

'You could at least help him.' Ashley laughed, getting her phone ready. Brie posed and barely stopped herself from laughing until the flash had nearly blinded her, 'What's under there?' Ashley asked.

'I didn't think you'd be interested in what's under his loin cloth.' Brie raised an eyebrow. 

'Well, I'm just curious how they handle that side of things.' Ashley admitted. 

'Let's see.' As she reached for the animal print fabric, Ashley snapped a few more photos, 'You look like such a perv!' She cracked up. 

'Nothing to see here people.' Brie announced, 'Just like a giant, hairy Ken doll. That's disappointing. Might have been a fun little detour later.' 

'You're disgusting.' Ashley concluded. Brie got up and they moved on. As they entered the next room Brie squealed with excitement. 

'You're Roman warrior awaits.' Ashley told her. There was three all together, staged and ready for battle in their matching red uniforms, protected by a lightweight metal looking fabric. 

'I wonder what this one's hiding.' Brie giggled, feeling the solid muscle of the mannequins arms, 'Someone's been preparing for a fight.' Ashley readied the camera as Brie reached down and lifted the red material between his legs.

'Woah!' She exclaimed, 'Someone's a little more anatomically correct than the cave man!' 

'What? No way.' 

'Wow, shame you aren't more pose-able huh.' Brie grinned down at the soldiers perfectly shaped genitals and sighed.

'Eeee is that really what it looks like?' Ashley asked, peering down.

'No, I've never seen anything so beautifully formed on a real guy. And at least he's not hairy or anything.' Brie sighed, reaching down and gently touching her fingers tips to the solid model's penis. 

'Christ, I think I need to leave you two alone.' Ashley laughed as her phone rang. She checked the screen, 'Oh no, it's my crazy history project partner. Sorry, this could take a while, keep looking around if you want.' Ashley explained over the ringing. 

'That's ok, I'll hang out in here a little longer.' Brie smiled. Ashley shook her head, laughing and answered the phone. As her voice trailed out past the caveman and further, Brie stood back and surveyed the soldiers. The other two were cool too, but the middle one just captivated her. She knew it was stupid but as she stared at him, taking in his exposed muscular arms, his sharp blue eyes just visible through his helmet, and that well grafted anatomy, she started to feel a warmth low down. She could feel herself blushing even though there was no one around thinking about how this model would fuel plenty of hours with her vibrator. Feeling silly but at the same time unable to resist, she lifted his uniform once again, feeling the flimsy fabric between her fingers, imagining the thick penis between her legs. She had some experience with guys, was no innocent but this looked like something different. She thought about what would happen if her soldier were real, if he could take hold of her and teach her new things. 

Once again she stroked his smooth surface, touching him harder this time. As she moved her hand upwards, the felt something different, a piece of paper slipped into her hand. Brie uncurled the small paper and read: She who excites the soldier is in for an exciting night. Brie laughed to herself. She obviously wasn't the only one to show an extraordinary interest in this soldier. She slipped the paper into her pocket to show Ashley later. 

Even then, rather than moving on, she kept one hand under his uniform as she looked up at his eyes. With her other hand, she reached up to touch his helmet, wondering if it was attached or if she could get a better look at his face. As the tips of her fingers touched the rim of the helmet, she was shocked by a sudden movement, a rustling sound. The soldier's arm had moved! All of her breath seemed to vanish from her body, she wanted to scream but nothing came out. She stared in amazement as his hand gripped her wrist. His hand that was becoming warmer by the second. She watched as his tan skin become actual skin, his muscles becoming more defined, his eyes clearing and his uniform raising slightly where her hand had just been.

'What's going on?' Brie whispered. 

'You woke me for a reason?' The soldier asked, his voice deeper than even she expected. 

'Not on purpose.' She croaked. 

'Oh.' He breathed, keeping a tight hold on her wrist as he reached up with his other hand to remove the helmet she had been about to touch. His eyes more free, he took Brie in hungrily, from her blonde hair, green eyes, down to her only just visible cleavage, her toned legs beneath her short skirt. 

'You can keep doing what you were doing.' He told her, tightening his grip even more so that she squealed a little. 

'What?' 

'You know what.' He replied, taking hold of her other hand in his and placing it beneath his uniform. Completely confused but intrigued, Brie followed his instructions, gasping as she realised the solid, smooth model she'd touched moments ago was now just as hard but felt of real skin. The soldier gasped as she wrapped her hand around him and moved in a way she'd been taught by a boy at school in his car. It was universal, she thought to herself with some pride. As he gasped and his breathing quickened, she felt herself heating up, her friend long forgotten. All knowledge of how surreal the situation was gone, replaced by a need to be fulfilled by this newly awoken warrior. 

'On your knees.' He demanded between breaths of satisfaction. 

'I don't know...' Brie hesitated. She didn't mind doing what he wanted, but she could feel a wetness building between her legs. She wanted him inside her, saw no need for anything else. 

'There's time for that.' He smirked, reading her mind. She wondered what he meant and obliged. Too engrossed as she came face to face with his thick penis to notice the cold tile floor against her knees, she didn't think about it as she slowly placed her lips on the end and listened to him moan. She licked and pressed her tongue against him, imagining how it would feel when he finally got inside of her. She fleetingly wondered how it would feel that he was so much bigger than any of the boys she'd messed around with up to that point. She sucked until her tongue began to feel tired. 

'Ok. Now. Get up.' He ordered her. 

'Did I do it wrong?' She asked, trying not to sound as vulnerable as she felt, she didn't want him to give up on her now. 

'No, not at all.' He smiled. He took her hand more gently this time and helped her to her feet, before spinning her around so her back was against his waxed six pack. She could feel him pressing against her urgently and for the first time in her life asked herself whether she'd like to be taken from behind. It was something that had always seemed too taboo to her but standing there against her perfect man, where he'd only have to take one step to the left, spread her open and thrust it in, it seemed like a good idea. 

Instead, he reached around and gently pressed a hand against one of her breasts. Even with her bra and t-shirt on she could feel the heat from his hand. Not interested in those barriers, he lifted his hand and pushed them down, exposing her breast to the cool air. She knew she should have felt scared, violated, something by this strange man who hadn't asked what she wanted. But she wanted it too badly to care. As he took her smooth breast in his large hand and squeezed she felt her underwear growing wetter. 

While he caressed still, his other hand teased at the top of her skirt. Bending slightly, pressing her hand against him, he reached down and lifted up her skirt, putting his hand hard against her knickers. 

'Oh, you're ready.' He breathed into her ear, 'I need to feel it.' He let go of her breast to take hold of her underwear in both hands and pull it down. Her entrance fully exposed, she only grew wetter. 

'I am, I am ready.' She sighed. Holding her against his hard body once again, he played around the short hair all around where she really wanted him to go. 

'Go on,' She sighed, 'feel it.' Proving he could also follow orders, he slipped his finger between her dripping wet lips and ran it from her clit to her hole. She gasped with an almost unbearable pleasure. She almost asked him stop but never wanted him to. She took it in as he rubbed her first gently and them matching her breaths, hard and rougher. His long fingers exploring every part of her. He stroked and squeezed until she could hardly bear it before he stopped. 

He laughed quietly to himself, knowing he was torturing her. 

'Why?' She asked him, 'Please, don't stop now. I'm so close. I've never come with someone else before.' 

'Then you can wait a little longer.' He promised. He looked around and eyed a few benches lined up against the wall for people who really wanted to take their time in the exhibit. He let go of her and rushed over to put a couple of the benches together, grateful that they were the kind without a back or arms so it was easy to create a bigger surface. He looked down proudly at his creation and gestured for Brie to cross the room. 

On shaky legs, she walked towards him. This had to be it, she told herself, surely this would be when she was would that glorious man inside of her. She stood in front of him and he shook his head.

'Lie down.' She did as she was told silently, the benches cold beneath her back. He lifted her skirt and looked down at her, 'It's been too damn long.' He said and lifted his uniform to display his hard cock. Looking at it now above her, she felt like it had gotten even bigger. She couldn't wait, struggled to breathe from the excitement. 

'Put it in.' She commanded. 

'Oh I will.' He said, lowering himself onto the benches with her. He chose to torment her further though, by stroking her clit gently with his fingers once again. As she bit into her sleeve to keep from squealing, he moved and began to stroke her with his penis instead. The change was spectacular. From this long fingers, to his thick, hard cock was a huge change. He rubbed her up and down, each time moving closer to her entrance. Finally, he moved it upwards one last time before stopped and surprising her by quickly moving down and thrusting into her. She gasped so loud she briefly remembered Ashley was somewhere nearby before forgetting as she lost herself in ecstasy. He moved quickly, shoving himself against her until all of his was filling her. It was like nothing she'd ever felt. His breath quickened as he got her closer to orgasm. She could feel it building despite never wanting it to end. All of her worries about him being too big proved pointless as he thrust in and out. She knew that no one else would be able to match the pleasure he gave her, stretching her hole in the best possible way. 

'Oh, oh, I'm coming.' She squealed and he pushed harder, shaking the benches below them, Brie's whole body moving further up them. She let herself go completely as the climax took hold. It went on longer than anything she'd been able to do herself. As she came down, he slowed and pulled out. She lay there for a moment, enjoying the relaxing feeling spreading through her. Then when she looked up at him standing above her, she realised he still wasn't done. 
