 As they made their way into the next room, Ashley tried to take sneaky glances at her friend. Brie looked very weird all of a sudden. She couldn't quite put her finger what it was. And she seemed really desperate for the bathroom, but why hadn't she just gone while Ashley was on the phone? she wondered. 

'Brie are you ok? Are you feeling ok?' she asked. It would really ruin the night of fun they had planned if Brie was getting sick. And they didn't even have the keys; if Brie left Ashley would either have to stay there alone for the night or call the Manager. Neither option was all that appealing. 

'What? Oh yeah, fine. Sorry, I just...' She trailed off while Ashley waited, 'I'll just go to the bathroom and then, we'll talk ok? I just need a minute.' 

'Ok. You can talk to me.' Ashley told her, not too convincingly. She was a little unnerved by this change in Brie's behaviour. 

'Thanks. It's nothing like that. I just started feeling a little weird is all. I'll go the bathroom, splash some water on my face, I'll be fine.' She replied before brightening, 'There it is! I'll be back in a minute.' 

'Cool, I'll wait here. I've found my Egyptian Princess anyway.' She winked but Brie was rushing away too quickly to see. Ashley shook her head and walked over to the display. It wasn't the best one she'd ever seen. Now that she was really seeing it up close and taking her time she was realising how half-hearted the museum really was. Not like she ones she'd been too when she'd travelled to Europe in the previous summer. They'd had really unique exhibits, detailed ones where you could really learn something and imagine whole other lives. This one felt more like they were aiming to tick all the boxes but without the passion. Even in the Egyptian display, she noticed how inconsistent the models were. While some of them barely looked like they'd been sculpted with any care, one or two of them were painstakingly detailed. In another setting you could mistake them for human if you didn't look too long. The one in the front, with the traditional long black hair, careful, creative eye-liner and a gold bra top that really showed off her assets was particularly beautifully made. Ashley checked out her full, round breasts barely covered, her flat stomach leading down to a skirt that was definitely a few inches shorter than it would have been back in the day. She'd been joking when she and Brie had been talking about their historical fantasies earlier but now she was looking at this Princess, she knew she'd be thinking about her for a while. 

Ashley smiled to herself and moved around the other models. Some of them were laughable she realised. While the first Princess had the well applied flicked eye paint and full pink lips, none of the other models had been decorated. One of them wore a bangle high on her arm but she obviously wasn't so highly thought off. The two male mannequins almost had six packs but hadn't been sculpted properly. Ashley trailed a hand down one of them and giggled at how unrealistic they were. There were some mini-pyramids and a sphinx but Ashley felt a weird pull back towards the first model she'd inspected. Eyeing the first Princess again, standing proudly in front on a slight podium stand, she noticed something. Something was tucked in to the band at the top of her skirt. It was barely noticeable except that Ashley had so much time on her hands that she'd been studying them. Curious but embarrassed she glanced around as though someone could be watching and picked it out. As she unfolded it she saw the words: The one who is deemed worthy may enter the Princess' Kingdom. Ashley scoffed to herself. She didn't know what the writer of the phrase had intended but that only sounded like it could be taken one way to her. And what she wouldn't give to enter this woman's Kingdom. She smiled to herself. Looking up at the Princess' face as she tucked the paper back in, she took in the beautiful green eyes, striking even with the makeup. 

'I wonder why you're so different from your friends.' Ashley mused out loud, 'I wonder if your maker was just a little too into it.' 

She felt herself go cold as the eyes seemed to move, to focus on her. She looked around once again, thinking it was a practical joke and laughed nervously. It was a trick of the light or something. But even as Ashley told herself it was a trick, an optical illusion, the eyes moved again, scanning her body.

'You,' A voice whispered, 'are worthy.' Before Ashley could question where the voice was coming from, the Princess stopped down from her small podium and smiled, 'I bet you've never done it with a Princess.' Ashley shook her head, terror flushing through her veins like ice. 

'What...Are you...Do you just pretend to be a mannequin to get...girls?' Ashley asked.

The Princess laughed, 'Whatever helps you believe beautiful.' 

Stopping any other question Ashley may have had, the Princess leaned forward and pressed her mouth firmly onto Ashley's. Ashley felt confused, but her lips were so soft and before she could consider pulling away the Princess' tongue slipped into her mouth. Her strong, soft tongue ran along Ashley's lips, teased at her tongue. As the Princess' hands started exploring Ashley's body, Ashley finally reciprocated and put a hand on the back of the Princess' head. She should have still been terrified, she knew that she should be running away, calling out to Brie for help. Yet she couldn't, she was surprised to find she didn't even want to. Rather than worrying about security cameras or whether this was a distraction while the museum was robbed or Brie was kidnapped, she thought about what might be about to happen. 

'Hmm that didn't take long huh?' The Princess laughed, only pausing for a second. 

'Well, it's not every day a Princess kisses me.' Ashley said, becoming shy and recognising how ill-equipped she was to flirt with someone so enchanting.

'I hope you don't think all we're going to do is kiss.' The Princess grinned, taking Ashley's breath away. 

'You know, my friend's here, she's going to come back any time.' She didn't mean for them to stop but felt that she should mention it.

'After what she just got up to, she's going to be a while.' she smirked. 

'What do you mean?' Ashley asked, partly wishing they could skip the conversation and get on with whatever else the Princess had in mind for her. She wanted to know now though, what had Brie been up to? Did it explain the weirdness? 

'I'm pretty sure one of my Roman friends gave her a good time. I could hear them, couldn't you?' The Princess asked. Even as she talked one of her hands was running from Ashley's neck down to her bum, stopping for a moment for a squeeze.

'I didn't. No way.' Ashley gasped.

'Yes, a lot like we're going to do now. If you want?' 

'What did they do?' Ashley asked. This was way too weird. How was it possible for a museum to contain mannequins that came to life? And not just alive but to fuck young girls staying there supposedly for security? She couldn't help but wonder if the manager knew, he'd been so sleazy...

'Well, I think first she touched him, then he explored her and then he lay her down and fucked her. Hard.' 

Although Ashley had never thought of Brie that way and she felt nothing in response to guys, something about the way the Princess was telling her was giving her a tingle. The Princess' hands took hold of Ashley's hips and tugged at her skinny jeans.

'What are these? This is why my clothing is better.' She smiled, taking one hand away only to lift her skirt. Ashley got a glimpse of the smooth skin beneath and gasped, 'Take them off.' The Princess demanded. 

'My jeans?' She asked. 

'All of it.' 

With a shaky breath Ashley undid her jeans and slowly pushed them down, struggling to get them over her feet. She paused.

'Keep going.' She insisted, licking her lips. Ashley reached down and lifted her loose fitting t-shirt over the head, exposing her firm breasts, held together by a black lace bra. She barely even wore it most of the time but she'd decided to treat herself to some luxury. 

The Princess drank in the young student. After a long moment of watching Ashley standing before her, the Princess lowered herself to her knees, eye level with Ashley's underwear. In one smooth movement she pulled them down. Ashley flinched at the sudden exposure but watching the Princess kneeling before her, ready to taste her, she felt herself becoming quickly wet. 

'Oh, I can smell how much you want it.' The Princess told her, looking up. She took hold of Ashley's bum cheeks in her hands before letting go with one hand to pull it back and smack it. Ashley let out a girlie shriek but it hadn't hurt, she'd loved it. Keeping hold of her bum, the Princess brought her face closer and dipped her tongue into Ashley. Ashley gasped and she felt the strong tongue lick around her clit in quick circles. She brought a hand to the back of the Princess' head, making it clear she wanted her to keep going. She could think of nothing but the tongue moving up and down. Her breathing quickened as the Princess' smacked her bum cheek again as that tongue roved. Knowing exactly what Ashley liked already, the Princess focussed again on her clit. Licking it first gently, teasingly, then hard and fast until Ashley knew she was going to come harder and faster than she had in her life. 

'Oh my God!' She shouted, not caring if Brie heard. She wouldn't have noticed if Brie walked in as she took hold of the Princess' hair between her fingers and pulled a little as her body shuddered. 

Ashley stood for a moment, basking in the pleasure, before taking hold of the Princess' shoulders and pushing her off her knees, onto her back. The Princess fell back and smirked.

'Oh really? You like to be in control?' 

'Who doesn't want to control a Princess?' Holding down the Princess' ankles, she started there, kissing her legs all the way up to the top, pushing up her skirt as she went. 

'How does this...?' Ashley asked, finding the clasp on the skirt and opening it up. It fell like a blanket on the floor, 'They don't bother with underwear here then.' Ashley said, taking in the smooth skin above the silky opening. 

'It's not like they know what we do here.' The Princess laughed. Ashley moved up and kissed the flat, brown stomach. Undoing the metallic bra top to reveal gorgeous breasts. Running her tongue over a hard, round nipple, Ashley held the Princess' wrists to the ground. Moving so she was completely on top of her and spreading her own wetness onto the Princess, Ashley moaned with pleasure. 

'I want to make you wait, tease you but I also really just want to fuck you.' Ashley groaned. 

'Do it.' The Princess replied between kisses. Ashley waited for as long as she could bear, kissing the Princess' neck, squeezing her boobs, pinching her nipples until she cried out. Until finally Ashley ran her hand all the way down and slowly lowered a finger into the Princess' depths. The Princess cried out once again and Ashley took her clit between a finger and thumb and rubbed it from the base to the tip. 

'What you are doing?' The Princess moaned. 

'My little secret.' Ashley replied. She kept squeezing at her clit until she felt the Princess tensing as though she could climax and she stopped. 

'God, I wish I had a strap on or something, I want to really fuck you.' Ashley told her, stroking her further down. 

'Use your hand.' 

'Oh I will.' Ashley replied, reaching inside with one finger. She ran her finger around the edge of the Princess' hole, pressing down for extra pressure to really make the Princess cry out. 

'This is good, but I meant, with your hand.' 

'Like, my whole hand?' Ashley asked. She'd heard people talk about fisting but it wasn't something she'd tried before. 

'Oh yeah.' The Princess answered, lifting her head. 

'Ok.' Ashley said. She looked down at the Princess' tight, wet hole and didn't feel convinced that it would be possible. She started off with two fingers, running them inside and out. Reaching in all the way to her knuckle before pulling out fast. Every time she pulled her fingers out the Princess arched her back and moaned so loud it echoed around the room. 

Deciding to just go for it, Ashley closed her fingers together and slowly pushed them in. She was surprised how easily her hand slid up into the Princess' entrance. She knew it was working when the Princess' cried out with joy unlike anything she'd ever heard, she couldn't believe it! 

She reached up with her free hand and squeezed the Princess' nipples as she thrusted into her. 

'You've really...never...done this?' The Princess asked, completely breathless. Ashley didn't answer as she kept up the steady movement, pushing in and out of the Princess with a gently force. Leaving the Princess' breasts alone again, she used that hand to return to the clit, using her thumb to rub all around it. 

'Oh, it's too much.' The Princess sighed, arching her back up and down, trying to reach for something to cling onto but finding nothing, 'I don't ever want this to stop.' Even as she spoke, Ashley could feel the Princess tensing. She finally brought her hand out one last time and focussed on her clit. 

'Oh, oh, oh.' The Princess moaned as she started to climax. Ashley felt her grow suddenly even wetter, her clit really swelling between her finger and thumb as she lost herself in shudders. Ashley watched and continued to stroke even as the Princess' body shook beneath her. 

'Oh my.' The Princess sighed, coming down from the intense high,' Stay there.' The Princess slowly stood up, now completely naked, only wetness slipping down the top of her legs. Ashley remained on her knees as the Princess walked around her. 

'Hands on the floor.' Ashley did as she was commanded, although she felt a little apprehensive as she knelt completely naked, her tight ass facing up to the Princess. Her boobs hanging towards the floor. 

Remembering what Ashley had enjoyed before, the Princess reached back and gave her bum a good smack. Ashley giggled so she did it again and again until a slight redness started to form. 

'Open your legs more.' Ashley once again did as she was told and could only listen as the Princess knelt down behind her and lifted a hand to the hair between her legs. The Princess reached in with almost a tickling motion, stroking around Ashley hole but not quite going inside. Instead, she very gently and slowly ran her fingertip up and down. Her touch was so light it was unbearably good and frustrating for Ashley. She'd expected something rougher but could barely catch her breath to tell her to go harder. 

'I bet you want it faster, harder?' The Princess suggested, reading her mind. 

'I do.' Ashley gasped, beginning to move herself back and forth over the Princess finger, creating the pressure herself. 

'Oh yes, keep going.' The Princess told her, her own breathing speeding up as she watched Ashley's rear move. It took only seconds for Ashley to create the friction she wanted. Breathing hard, Ashley let out one long moan as she came a second time, releasing more wetness onto the Princess' hand. The Princess gave Ashley's bum cheek one last smack as Ashley breathed deeply. 

'Oh wow.' Ashley let herself collapse onto the floor, the Princess laughing and laying down next to her. 

'I think you're friend will be back any time.' The Princess told her, 'We better get dressed.' 

'I guess. I can tell her though right? She just did the same thing in there?' 

'Sure.' The Princess replied, 'Who knows what else the two of you will get up to?' The Princess grinned and got up, retrieving her gold bra and wrap skirt. Ashley lay there watching as the elegant woman replaced her clothing before offering Ashley her hand. 

'Thanks.' Ashley told her, picking up her clothes and pulling them on, wishing they could just keep going. 

'Oh you're welcome.' The Princess smiled, stepping back up onto her podium, 'Maybe I'll see you later?' 

'Yeah, I'd like that.' 

As Ashley straightened her t-shirt she heard footsteps and braced herself as Brie walked in.

'Listen Ashley, I'm sorry, I should have told you sooner, there's something weird about this place.' Brie explained.

'Little late Brie, I think I know what you're talking about.' Ashley smiled with a nod back towards the now stationary Princess. If anyone else had walked in, they'd have no idea what had just been going on. 

But Brie knew. She looked from Ashley to the Princess, 'Oh, so it isn't just me?' Brie asked. Ashley didn't know if she was jealous or relieved.

'Not from what I heard. You scored a Roman soldier after all huh?' Ashley asked as they made their way through to the next room. Still feeling slightly shaky, Ashley dropped onto the bench near the door. 

'I did indeed. But what's going on? Why did that happen?' Brie asked. 

'Well, before the Princess...woke up, I found a piece of paper in her waistband. It said something about being worthy of her Kingdom, something really cheesy anyway. Did you see something like that?' Ashley asked.

'I forgot about that! I did. Mine said something about getting him excited.' 

'What were you doing when you found that?' Ashley laughed. 

Brie reddened, 'I may already have been working on that.' 

'Interesting. So what happened?' Ashley asked, keen to compare their experiences. 

'I don't know if I want to go over the details...' Brie mumbled. 

'That's ok, I heard quite a bit about it anyway.' Ashley replied, 'So, I'm going to go and clean up. Then I guess we'll keep looking around.'

'Ok.' Brie said, finally looking around at the room they were in, 'I wonder what other exhibits are on at the moment.'