 Ashley couldn't help but laugh as she made her way towards the bathroom. Brie was so confusing. On one of hand she didn't want to talk about what she'd been doing earlier on, but on the other, she was clearly interested in exploring some similar options. It had crossed Ashley's mind too, though she'd need a break before she went looking. Brie had obviously already had enough down time. Would it be awkward now? She asked herself. Maybe it would better to sneak away and leave Brie to it. That way they could both keep looking around, potentially finding other...adventures without following each other. Knowing what each other was getting up to all the time was bound to get weird. 

After she'd washed her hands Ashley peeked out of the bathroom door. She couldn't see Brie anywhere. Thinking her friend must have had the same idea, she set out from the bathroom in a different direction. She wanted some time to herself before she kept looking around, so she decided to take a look around the more behind the scenes areas of the museum. Aside from the staff room they hadn't really been shown around very much since they weren't supposed to be there very long anyway. 

Quickly tiptoeing back to one of the hidden doors, Ashley slipped into the back. Hungry after her adventure, she rooted in her bag until she found a snack. Turning on the kettle to prepare her instant noodles, her mind kept wandering back to what had happened. She kept wanting to believe that it was impossible, that she was going crazy. It would almost be easier to believe she was losing her mind than to accept that a mannequin, albeit a very well constructed mannequin, had come to life and had sex with her. But Brie had obviously had a similar experience. They would have to talk about it sooner or later, Ashley decided, it was the only way to resolve the conflict in her mind. It might take a long time but they would have to. Pouring the hot water into the pot, Ashley decided to take it with her to keep looking around, she was too restless to sit in the kitchen and eat like this was a normal night. 

Remembering that they were actually meant to be there for security and realising what a terrible job they'd done so far Ashley made her way into the next room. The manager had shown them the small room with all of the monitors connected to the cameras around the museum. Sitting down on the swivel chair at the bank of television monitors, she took in all of the museum's rooms. It seemed a strange coincidence to herself that the cameras were placed behind the displays in most of the rooms, as though from their point of view. 

Ashley studied each one until she located Brie. If they were in order of the rooms then Brie had moved a few exhibits away from where they had parted but she didn't seem bothered by being alone. Now Brie was in a weird room, Ashley couldn't imagine what the theme was, all she could see was clowns.

 Brie prayed that Ashley wouldn't catch up with her. They were good enough friends for the amount of time they'd known each other but not good enough for this, Brie thought. Brie didn't even care who her friends were into and slept with, but it didn't mean they had to share the details with each other. She was confused about her experience with the Roman soldier. She wasn't the kind of girl who did it with random guys, anymore at least, but she knew she couldn't pretend that was a special experience for him. She was getting mad at herself thinking about it. She'd been blinded by how surreal the situation had been, how handsome he was. She'd felt unable to resist. Now she felt a little sad and wished she'd forced herself to say no. He probably did it with every straight girl who passed by at night. What if he was standing there now, imagining her pining after him? She should show him she thought, she should show him he wasn't special. Being perfectly sculpted wasn't everything, she could probably do it with someone else in the museum. Then he'd see he wasn't everything, he could be forgettable, disposable. Not Brie, she could choose to do whatever she wanted. 

As if someone were reading her mind, she heard a slight rustling sound and turned around. A small piece of paper had fallen close to the nearest displays feet. She shuddered when she realised where she was. She had always hurried through this room when she'd visited the museum in before. 

Before her stood three clowns. They were different styles. In front there was a typical birthday party type. Normal human eyes, big painted red lips on a white face, stringy orange hair with a small yellow hat on top. The tent-like striped outfit hung outwards at an odd angle, clearly held by a frame. On the right of him stood a similar clown, but this one had blue hair and crosses for eyes. That alone would make him the most unnerving one except for the one on the left. This one was the horror clown, kept in a glass case to not scare the kids as much but also to display how scary he should be. His clothes were black and white striped, his shoes a normal size, more practical to run after his victims. His face was painted white, with red and brown mingled lips indicating dried blood. In his hands he held a long balloon, ready to form it into an animal or something, not that anyone would want him to. 

Ashley glanced down at the piece of paper on the floor and considered just moving on to the next room. She could easily pretend this one wasn't here. She couldn't fight the curiosity though. Maybe this wasn't like before, she thought, maybe it meant something different from a clown. Keeping a close eye on the nearest one, she took a step closer and picked up the paper. Moving back as she opened it, she hoped she hadn't made a mistake. By now you know what's going on here, time to try something different, what happens at the museum stays at the museum. Someone else must be here, she decided, someone must be planting these notes. It was like they knew what she was thinking. Realising Ashley didn't even seem to be looking for her, she couldn't help but ask herself if it was her friends doing. This had been her own idea though, she remembered, Ashley hadn't been that keen on spending the night there. It couldn't be her. 

Eyeing the nearest clown, Brie thought about how jealous the Roman may be if she did it with someone else. And not just anyone, someone totally unconventional. And she could get over her little fear too, turn that -phobia into a -philia. Could she do it though? She asked herself, could she make herself do it with a clown? 

There was a familiar sound, a shift in the atmosphere and she noticed the nearest one, the Birthday Clown, with his constant smile turn his head. She looked up, feeling something between horror and intrigue, as the Clown turned to face her. His smile seemed to draw wider as he reached a hand out and pushed her down. Brie fell with a thud, her skirt rising up her legs a few inches. Birthday Clown stood over her, looking down with satisfaction. Brie realised two things, there was a fine line between her fear and her desire for sex and this clown was mute. Looking into his eyes, glad they were real at least, she reached down and lifted her skirt higher. That quickly she noticed something rising inside his oversized suit.

'Excited?' She breathed. Slowly he nodded, 'Then get down here with me.' His slowness of movement made it seem calculated, he was really looking at her, really planning what he was going to do. At the thought that he couldn't tell her anything he was thinking, she felt herself becoming wet once again. This was completely different than before. It wasn't about the way he looked or things he was saying. This was about everything he couldn't say, couldn't share with her but he could show her. 

On his knees he reached down and began to pull down his pants. She wanted to laugh at the elasticated waist band but didn't want to ruin the moment. 

'Not too far.' She asked him. He tilted his head, but listened, only pulling it down enough to expose himself to her. Brie gasped in amazement. He may not have been as sculpted as her previous lover, but he had much more to offer. It stood straight out from his body, already ready to plunge into her and they hadn't done anything yet. Making sure she was ready, since it seemed there'd be no foreplay here, she reached inside her underwear and felt herself. Her underwear still bore a cold wetness from earlier, but as she touched herself she felt only fresh, warm moisture letting her know it was time. 

Birthday Clown watched as she tested herself, leaning forward to let her know he wanted her. 

'I'm ready.' Brie finally told him, leaving her knickers on so he could at least remove them. He seemed pleased with this choice as he reached out with his slow hands. Brie shuddered as his cold fingers grazed her skin and took hold of her underwear at the edges. The force with which he pulled them down shocked the young student and she suddenly felt unsure. He'd been so slow up to now, she had assumed he couldn't help it, now he took hold of her ankles and pushed them apart with strength. As he shuffled forward, holding her legs down against the cold tile floor, she asked herself whether this was what she wanted. She didn't get to think about it. In one shift movement, he took hold of her hips, lifted them a little from the ground and forced himself into her. 

'Ooh.' She moaned. As he shoved himself all the way inside her until she felt like he was making a new path with her, she felt stupid for thinking she might not want it. Of course she did, she thought. His knees remained still against the floor between her outspread legs as he moved steadily forward and back. An angle that should have been uncomfortable felt deliriously good to Brie. He slowed down, began to move more gently and although it felt just as good, she looked at him to ask him why. He kept one hand on her leg to keep balanced and reached for her top with the other. He tugged at it, making it clear he wanted it off. Carefully, she lifted it as far as her neck, knowing that showed him what he wanted to see. Silently, the clown seemed to exhale. He groped at one of her breasts, squeezing it hard like one of their balloons. She winced slightly but was realising that pain wasn't always a bad thing. As he pinched at her nipple, he seemed to have an idea. He let go and stopped thrusting into her for a moment, gesturing instead with his hand. She didn't understand what he was trying to say. He turned his finger in a circle in the air and she realised he wanted them to turn, he wanted her on top. 

Although she had previous sexual experiences, more than she cared for in fact, she had never actually been on top of a guy before. He pulled his significant cock out of her sticky wet hole and lay down beside her. Unsure of exactly what she was doing, Brie got up and knelt before him much as he had done to her. She edged forward and lifted herself. He looked even bigger now she was above him and she felt unsure that this would work. Still, she lowered herself slowly onto him, feeling his wide birth once again slide into her. She kept going until he was all the way inside her again and she began to rock back and forth above him. The clown seemed to relax beneath her as she rocked more quickly, building up a furious momentum. She couldn't believe it was possible, sitting upon something so large and feeling it move deep inside. She was lost in the movement, the immense pleasure and it stopped her from hearing the case only a few feet away opening up. 

As Brie moaned and gasped with pleasure that was brand new to her, footsteps crept behind her as the Horror Clown approached. She had no idea until she opened her eyes and noticed her Birthday Clown looking at something behind her. Brie paused, looking at him questioningly. He nodded to something behind her and she was about to turn around when she felt hands on her sides. Suddenly she felt herself being lifted.

 Ashley had only taken a few bites of her noodles when she realised what was going on in the Clown room. Her friend had suddenly gone from looking up at one of the clowns to being spread out on the floor in front of him like a dessert. Ashley had no idea what was going on in there, the lack of sound was frustrating. She watched as the clown lowered himself, seeming graceful yet aggressive at the same time. She knew she shouldn't be watching, but the other monitors held no interest for her now. There was nothing attractive about a clown, she knew that. He was weird looking and most unappealing for her, he was a he. 

Yet she couldn't stop watching. As the clown lowered himself into her friend, as he lifted her top. Ashley felt a familiar warmth, then a trickle into her already soaked knickers. There was no one around, she reminded herself, and it's not like she hadn't already done plenty anyway. She stood and undid her jeans, sitting back down with them around her ankles, feeling the wetness of her underwear against her lower leg. The fabric of the chair scratched at her bum but she didn't care. As the clown stopped fucking her friend so they could change position, Ashley slid her fingers into her own folds. Amazed at how swollen her clit was already, she avoided it touching it, trying to put off the climax as long as possible. She knew it wouldn't take long. As her almost topless friend bounced upon the Clown, her round breasts jiggling despite her bra, Ashley stroked at herself. She shook sitting there watching, even as she saw a movement in another part of the room. 

As the Horror Clowns case opened, Ashley felt it building. If she was worried for her friend, it was too late now. Watching Brie rock herself, not hearing her moaning, but seeing her face contorted with pleasure, Ashley came once again. She felt her moisture spreading onto the chair and didn't care. As she breathed she finally realised all might not be well in the Clown room as the Horror Clown appeared behind Brie and lifted her from the Birthday Clown's cock. 

 Brie opened her mouth to scream but the Birthday Clown began to wave his arms, telling her no. He looked at her, his eyes open, endearing, silently pleading with her not to make a sound. She knew this should only add to her fear but it didn't. Though it seemed crazy, she felt she should trust him. They'd been having a great time, she couldn't deny that, but she hadn't been expecting someone else to join in. She turned slightly in the strong hands, the Horror Clown allowing her to. She looked at his twisted features as he smiled at her. Then she felt something against her bum cheek, much as she had with the Roman. When she'd been there, she'd almost wanted him to try for there. If he'd done it, she wouldn't have said no. Now as this new man pressed himself against her naked, firm bum cheeks, she nodded. She wanted that feeling again that she'd just had with the other clown. A little like being afraid but wanting whatever it was that was coming. He grinned down at her and turned her back to face the Birthday Clown. As one Clown watched in front of her, the Horror Clown placed a hand on her back and bent her over. It wasn't a rough movement, simply necessary. Every nerve in her body felt alert and she felt more alive than ever as another hard penis felt around her. He went slowly, making her grateful as he gently rubbed himself first against her cheeks and then underneath. Just as she was wondering when he was going to do it, he moved himself between her cheeks. She tried to relax as he finally pressed himself against her hole. 

It was brand new to her. It didn't feel like she'd imagined. Very slowly he pressed further and further, exploring territory no one else had done. Without the same wetness she was used to, the friction was stronger. She felt like it was more for his pleasure than hers but she still liked it. It felt primal, being bent over and fucked by someone she couldn't see. The Birthday Clown remained in front of her until he seemed to remember something. He held up a hand as if to say he'd be right back. Brie was too busy to take notice of what he was doing, so when he returned with a balloon in his hand, she was confused. 

'What are you doing?' She asked. Once again he held up a hand. He reached into a hidden pocket in his outfit and pulled out a small pin. She smiled thinking this was some kind of magic show to go with the sex. The Birthday Clown brought the pin to the balloon and popped it. Where Brie expected to see only pieces of balloon, an object instead landed in his palm. It looked familiar to her. The Clown held it up. It was a dildo. Not the biggest one, at least that she could imagine, but a silicon one that was ribbed in a way she could practically feel inside. 

Brie expected the Horror Clown to pull out now as she looked at this new toy, keen to test drive it. Instead he kept thrusting into her bum, if anything he was going at her harder now. The Birthday Clown knelt down right in front of her and reached up, gently touching his fingertips to her other hole. 

'What are you...' Brie breathed as she realised. He reached two fingers inside her and she gasped but he wasn't doing it just for her pleasure. He was making sure he was putting the new toy in the right place. As the Horror Clown held her hard at her hips and forced himself into her bum hole again and again, the Birthday Clown lifted the dildo and gently pressed it to her other entrance. She nodded in consent and he thrust. 

'Ooh.' Brie moaned, 'Ooh my God!' She shouted. She couldn't believe the level of pleasure she could feel at once with both of her holes filled by these two clowns. The Birthday Clown brought the dildo in and out of her wet folds as the Horror Clown broke her in in the rear. Just as it was all becoming too much, almost unbearable, Brie let out a huge scream. She screamed like she was in pain but felt only pleasure. As though planned to be in sync, both Clowns pulled out of her at the same time. The sudden emptiness was a shock to Brie and she fell down. 

She lay on the floor, face down, a smile on her lips as she heard the Clowns return to their places. She didn't need a snuggle after that sex, it was the coldness that had made her hot. Thinking about it now she wanted to laugh at the idea that that one simple Roman had been enough to satiate her. Now that she knew how it could be done, a plain guy like that wouldn't be enough. 

Finally Brie began to lift herself from the floor. The Clowns were perfectly in place. Brie looked around and felt a slight pang of disappointment that the third one hadn't joined in. On legs that felt made of jelly, she picked up her knickers but they were so saturated she didn't see the point in putting them back on. She pulled her skirt and top back into place and listened. She had no idea where her friend had gone but she was glad Ashley hadn't been around to see that.