 Two hours later

Stephanie woke on the floor and slowly began to rise. She turned her head to look at the clock, which read 11:23pm.

"Shit..." she muttered as she slowly picked herself up off the floor. Once on her feet she yelped as she felt a familiar stir between her legs.

"About time you woke up, haha. Did you have sweet dreams?" Her pussy taunted.

"Oh god...no no no no no", this can't be happening to me. I mean, I must be going crazy. You...you can't be alive I mean it's impossible. It doesn't even make sense." Stephanie stammered.

"You make it sound like it's a bad thing. I know you enjoyed yourself. Not bad for a first orgasm huh?" Her pussy taunted yet again as she stumbled over to her bed.

"Yes...okay I admit it felt amazing I guess, but it's only a matter of time before I'm a lab experiment." Stephanie said, feeling strange as she talked to her crotch.

"Honey I can be very discrete. It's not like I'm going to start talking to everyone you come across. I don't want the attention either, but then again I can't promise I won't be a little naughty here and there." Her pussy smirked as her right boob squeezed and her nipple tweaked itself.

Stephanie flinched and grabbed her right breast, which wiggled inside her hand.

"Hey...god this is so weird", Stephanie said.

"You know, as amazing as our masturbation session was I can't help but want to enhance the experience even more." Her pussy smiled as a feeling of apprehension came over Stephanie.

"What the hell do you mean, enhance?" Stephanie reluctantly asked.

"I mean, I know there are toys for self pleasure. I wonder what a vibrator feels like don't you? I bet it's amazing!!" Her pussy exclaimed.

"I'm not stepping foot into one of those shops. It's bad enough you are alive now and making me do these naughty things. I'm not getting caught dead in there!!" Stephanie scolded.

"Are you sure?" Her pussy asked with a sultry voice while lapping her clit with its new tongue.

"Holy shit", Stephanie said under her breath as her knees buckled. Her breast slowly began to rotate and squeeze as she dropped to one knee. Just as she was on the brink of orgasm everything stopped.

"Just imagine, if I can do this what I could do with a vibrator. Don't you think it would be amazing?", Her pussy smiled. Her labia massaged her clit just enough to keep Stephanie on the brink.

"Oh fuuuuuck, pleeeeeease I can't" Stephanie pleaded as she pressed her palm against her revolting vagina to no effect.

"Ha ha, come on honey you know deep down you want it. Aren't you the least bit curious?" Her pussy licked her hand and lapped her clit to tease her.

"I-I-I-I-I-I can't. As you know I'm a virgin. A toy like that would be painful. Also, what if Mom found out?" Stephanie pleaded as she began to writhe under her pussy's teasing. 

"Girl, your fears are misplaced. Arianna brought me to life to give you pleasure not pain. Remember I feel everything you do. I'm not going to ask you to do anything that will hurt me. As for Mom, she has no room to talk. She gave birth to us didn't she? That means she had sex and did dirty things at one time; plus I think Arianna has some special fun in store for her as well." Her pussy giggled.

"Okay okay, fine. Just let me get dressed." Stephanie pleaded.

Stephanie attempted to stand up but nearly fell back over as another wave of pleasure washed over her.

"Oh fuck, oh...hey...pussy of mine you...you have to stop licking yourself if you expect me to walk." Stephanie stuttered as she squeezed her legs together under her to no avail.

"Mmmmm, so sorry I'm so worked up. Why don't we cum first." Her pussy seductively said as it resumed licking itself inside and out. 

"Ahhhhhhhh, fuck. Suuuuuure why not." Stephanie gave in and rolled back over. Her breast began dancing and bobbing while her nipples tweaked and rotated on their own like before. This time she kept her hands by her side and just laid her head back as her body pleasured itself without her assistance. The more her nether tongue wiggled inside of her and lapped at her clit the more she involuntarily bucked at the air. She balled up her fists and cried out in ecstasy as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her. Finally the licking stopped and she felt her pussy lips form a grin.

"Damn, I just love being alive. Making us cum just feels soooooo amazing. Okay, okay, I'll be nice and let you get dressed. After all I want my vibrating cock." Her pussy laughed.

Stephanie slowly stood back up and made her way to her closet. Her mind was racing. Part of her was excited for how her life had suddenly taken a turn. On the other side of things, she was raised to keep herself pure and now she is being coaxed to do all these naughty things by her own living sex organ. Her vagina was turning her into a horny schoolgirl overnight and she wasn't sure how she felt about it. She found a black lace bra and snapped it over her breasts. Her breast then proceeded to bounce up and down a couple of times on their own as if playing with the bra. She found a matching pair of panties and began to step into them.

"Actually, why don't we go commando tonight." Her pussy smiled.

"Absolutely not!" Stephanie shrieked as she continued to pull the panties around her waist.

"Oh come on, it's a little stuffy down here and I can have a little more fun with you unrestricted. I promised I'll be discrete." Her pussy said in a sultry voice.

Stephanie sighed as she slid the panties back off. She went through her clothes and picked out some jeans and a pink, hello kitty tee-shirt.

"No jeans either honey. Without panties I'll chafe down here." Her pussy giggled. Stephanie turned red as she knew where this was going. She reluctantly picked out a denim skirt instead.

"Ooo lala. That's cute." Her pussy snickered.

She found some white knee-high stockings and finished getting dressed. She started to the door when she felt her breast moving against her bra under her shirt.

"Come on honey the breasts feel a little constrained, perhaps a tank top would be a little better? Preferably low cut. I'll be a little more comfortable and we can show off the girls a little bit." Her pussy giggled again.

"Are you serious? Everyone will think I'm a slut!!" Stephanie scolded.

"Honey, you're just showing some cleavage. Most of the girls in your classes do it." Her pussy snickered again. Stephanie reluctantly took her shirt off and slipped on the tank top. Her breasts pulled themselves up to exaggerate her cleavage.

"Hell yeah, that's much better. Let's go get my vibrator so that we can have more fun!" Her pussy licked its lips, making her jump as she went toward her car.

"At least cut that out while I'm driving so you don't get us killed!" Stephanie exclaimed.

"I'll be good. For now..." Her pussy smirked.