 A quick fun story in the vein of the last one I submitted, this one about a huntress getting far more than she bargained for while hunting a demoness.

*****

The forest sighed in the autumn breeze, tasting of frosty promise and long nights. Owls hooted, their wings gliding with a ruffle of feathered beats. Leaves stirred, hissing on outstretched limbs. Water trickled in slow streams fed from the Dragon's Peaks and bubbling springs.

Beneath this nightly chorus, Renee Lanair slipped through the dark, making not a sound. The pine strewn forest floor muffled her moccasin-clad steps. No branch caught her trim leathers. The arrows in her quiver never rattled. Only the shine of her eyes, gleaming in the light of a cream coloured moon, betrayed her.

She stalked. The hunter. The predator. And the trail was warm. The embers of the woodsman's fire had still glowed by his desiccated corpse. She knew she was close. Knew with the intuitive understanding of her prey. Of what they were.

Weeks of tracking would come to fruition. The long stalking of isolated hamlets, its residents wasted, drained of all they were. The men at least. The women were worse. Babbling, moaning, clad in tattered rags, faces drawn with looks of ecstasy. But broken. Wasted in a way worse than their husbands and sons.

But tonight it would end.

The amulet round her throat danced, pulling with the soft magnetic strength towards the infernal power of her prey. She followed its subtle pressure, hidden between her modest breasts. She was lithe. Muscled and slim like the acrobat. Her face was well formed and fair, freckled faintly by the sun. Her hair was the dark colour of fresh turned earth.

She stopped. Listened. Her nostrils flared at a new scent on the wind. The spice of the nameless realms. The scent nothing of the Borderlands or any material realm could mimic. The musk of a succubus.

She growled, drew and arrow and nocked it. Started off. Slowly now. Carefully. Her enemy was cunning. Too many times they had given her the slip. Flew away on wings of shadow before the dawn. But it was the new moon. She would be abroad tonight. She would be hunting.

Oh and she was good. As good as Renee herself, though her prey was different. The lonely. The licentious. Any who would fall to the charms of a full breasted body and welcome arms, who desired more than they feared her golden eyes and spaded tail. And in truth, there were few, very few, who could resist the charm of a succubus.

When Renee found the old trail blazed through the dark she could barely believe her luck. She grinned beneath her mask and hastened down the trail. Soon enough she made out the lonely cave yawning into the night. A darker blackness against the rough hills.

But here Renee slowed. She needed caution now. Crouching, her soft footsteps ferrying her nearer, she drew back the bowstring, feeling the tension of it. The mantra of the huntress passed her lips in an attempt to calm her thudding heart. She had near reached the edge of the woods when something made her stop. Crouch lower among the cover of the leaves, and listen. Listen to the leaves stirring in the wind. The chatter of the beast.

And the slow, steady beat of leathery wings.

She caught her breath, held it as, framed against the white fullness of the moon, a winged form descended from the sky. Lightly, hooved feet touched down on the glade. For an instant, there was the perfect shot. The succubus framed by the fullness of the moon, her achingly perfect breasts stark, nipples dark points in flawless crimson flesh. A long tail that twirled like a whip in the air above a firm, rounded bum. She was naked as sin, as wicked as it too, and just as tempting. Her dark hair fell from a crown of curling horns. Her eyes were yellow like a cat's and lips pouty and black. She smiled, tossed her hair, and then slipped into the cave.

Renee caught her breath. Cursed herself. That was the shot! The perfect one and she failed to take it. Damn the demon's glamour! Still, perhaps all was not lost. Even as she felt lust pool in her stomach and burn through her like the sweetest wine, she resolved not to let the demon catch her again. Quick. Sharp. An arrow to her heart would end the demon, even if the sun did not.

She waited a moment, assuring herself the demon wouldn't leave, and giving her blood time to cool. Then, she slipped across the shadows between her and the cave. She peered over the edge of the rocks, and saw the darkness of the cave. Her eyes adjusted, making out the sultry form of the demoness. She rushed in, raised her bow.

The floor flashed red. Threads of magic spun, grabbing her arms and legs. She screamed, pulled down to her knees, arms gripped tight in the red ropes. She pulled uselessly. On the opposite side of the cave, the succubus clapped her hands in delight.

"Oh goody," she tittered softly. "A visitor. How unexpected."

Renee tensed, strained. She spotted the spell trap then, glowing in a ring all around her, and cursed. How could she have been so stupid!

The succubus rose from her seat, cat-like. She strutted across the room, every step accentuated with a roll of her hip. Her golden eyes gleaming with wicked delight as she reached Renee.

"Ohhh," the succubus purred as she stroked the huntress's arms, feeling the whipcord muscles beneath her clothes. "How strong! And what a lovely piece of company for me on this lonely night."

Her touch sparked across the huntress's flesh. Renee tensed even more as the succubus slipped behind her. The demoness leaned against her back, firm breasts pressing against her. She gasped as the demon wound her arms around her and cupped the human's own modest tits.

"Mmmm," the demon purred, her breath washing over Renee's neck. Her fingers undoing the threads which held the huntress's shirt shut. "Not bad sweetie. Not bad at all. But we have got to give the girls room to breathe. Hmm?"

Renee winced as her shirt fell open, her breasts bared to the cool night air. Her medallion fell free, dangling. "Oh? What's this vyxsilias!" the succubus swore in her own foul tongue, snatching back fingers smoking from contact with the relic. Renee's amusement was short lived as the succubus reached up and lifted away the leather thong the amulet dangled from. "Naughty girl," the demoness said, tossing the amulet aside to clatter in a corner. She stepped back and flicked her fingers. The shining threads winding from the circle twisted round Renee's wrists, pulling her arms back so her naked breasts were thrust out wantonly.

"There we are," the succubus giggled, her hands slipping about Renee's chest and stroking her naked tits. Renee arched, biting her lip to hold back the moan. The demon's touch left lingering hint. A tingling sensitivity that seemed to bleed through her body and gather at her quim.

"Feels good doesn't it?" the succubus whispered, her hands stroking the huntress's breasts.

"N-no," Renee bit out.

"Hasn't your church told you its naughty to lie?" the succubus said. Her fingers locked on Renee's rigid nipples, tweaking them. The huntress lurched, gasping with a shuddering moan. "But that's okay," the demon purred, lips right near her ear. "I like naughty girls."

"D...do you worst, demon!" Renee gasped.

"I'd much rather do my best," the demoness said. Her fingers stroked the elf's breasts, sliding down her chest. Renee's stomach fluttered as the succubus's fingers stroked her midriff, hooking in her belt and teasing the catch.

"I know what you're thinking," the succubus teased, undoing her belt and easing it open. "If you last until dawn, my magic will fade and I the ring will be gone. And I'll be at your mercy."

Renee flinched, glowered at how true the demon's words struck.

"Well," she purred, stroking Renee's mons, encircling her lust puffed quim with her fingers. "Then I merely need to break you in the next few hours. And believe me. I know how to make a woman scream."

Renee grit her teeth. "I will not succumb to your power," she hissed.

"Well we'll certainly see, won't we."

The succubus released her, Renee sagging with a gasp. The demoness strode before her and crouched down. Renee tried to lean away, but the magic threads bound her surely to the circle. The succubus flashed her a grin. "Do you know why they say a succubus's kiss leads to damnation?" she said. She grinned widely, her long tongue sliding from between her teeth. "It's our saliva. A very potent aphrodisiac, like all our fluids." Giggling, her tongue flicked out, striking Renee's nipple like a tiny whip.

The impact shot through the huntress like a spear. Renee gasped, arching, quivering with the intensity of the sensation. "Ah!"

The succubus giggled, the lunged forward wand latched onto the human's hard nipple.

"Gods!" Renee screamed, helpless at the sudden shock of pleasure from the other woman's lips. "Ah-ah!" she cried, quivering as the succubus sucked on her tender bud, rolling the hard nub in her prehensile tongue. She pulled off, attacking Renee's other breast, torturing her hard nipple with her hot lips. Even as she did so, she grasped Renee's breasts, molding them in her hands with unmistakeable glee.

"Ah...ah...G-gods," Renee moaned, eye shut tight against the terrible thrill of the succubus's tongue. "Ah!" she cried as the demoness playfully grazed her teats with fanged teeth, sending sparks of pleasure racing down her body. "You...you m-monster...ah," Renee sobbed.

With a pop the succubus released. "Ooh, you have such lovely breasts," the succubus breathed. She leaned up, grinning at the other woman. "Would you like a kiss?" she said, tongue flicking from her lips.

Renee turned her head in horror. "N-no! Not that?"

"You don't want your mouth to feel this good?" the succubus purred, squeezing Renee's breasts, making the huntress arch and whimper in helpless pleasure. "You're so mean miss huntress. Then maybe we should have your lips...otherwise occupied. Hm?" Playfully, the succubus thrust out her chest, her firm, flawless breasts fairly glowing in the lurid glow of the moon. "Go on," she purred gleefully. "Give them a kiss. Or I'll find another way to keep your mouth occupied."

Renee watched in horror as the succubus's long tongue rolled out, writhing in the air. The sight sent a stab of desire deep into her core. She flushed with the shame of such a reaction, reminding herself just what it was she faced. "N-not that!" she whispered.

"Then give the girls a bit of attention sweetie," the succubus purred, crossing her arms behind her head and pushed out her breasts, bouncing them once with a sudden thrust. "And we'll see where we go from there."

Only until dawn, Renee thought as she leaned towards those swollen orbs. So close she could smell the thick, lurid scent of the succubus. The spicy, musky smell which had first turned her to the trail made her nostrils flare and head spin. She needed only last until dawn when the succubus's power waned.

"You going to do anything or just stare at my tits all night?" the succubus giggled.

Renee snapped back to reality. Flushed again, and then took one of the demon's nipples in her mouth.

"Mmm!" Renee gasped at the taste. The hard nub trembled in her lips, and she found herself flicking it with her tongue, tasting it.

"Oh!" the succubus gasped, grasping the huntress's head and pulling her face flush against her firm breast. "Yes. Right there sweetie."

Renee flushed, but found herself sucking tentatively at the pleasant nub. "Oh yes," the succubus moaned. "That's it my pretty huntress. Give it a nice, good suck. Mmm..."

Spurred on by the demon's reaction, Renee sucked harder. The scent of the succubus filler her senses, making her shake. Her own breasts continued to tingle with the residual effect of the demon's saliva, the heat spreading across her chest. She suckled, soothed, falling into the hypnotic rhythm of it.

So enthralled in the pleasant sensation, she did not register at first the taste which filled her mouth. Thick and sharp. Spiced. She sucked harder, trying to dissemble the strange flavour. She swallowed convulsively, the hot taste sliding down her taste and into her stomach. Spreading across her body in a steady throb of heat, pooling in her tender cunt.

"Oh yes. Good girl. Good girl," the succubus said, stroking the huntress's brown hair. Renee moaned, leaning into the touch. Then, with a start, realized what she was tasting.

Milk. The demon was lactating.

"Ah!" Renee cried, pulling from her breast. The succubus laughed merrily. "What's wrong?" the demoness said, cupping her heaving tit, grinning wickedly as she gave it a squeeze, milk dribbling from her dark teat. "Didn't like the taste?"

Renee stared raptly at the dribbling milk. Her tongue flicked across her lips, chasing the remnants of the tantalizing cream. She started, flushing. "M-monster!" she gasped. "You tricked me!"

"I warned you," the succubus said, cupping her heaving breasts, massaging the heavy orbs until milk dribbled from both her black teats. "Any of my fluids would do it. You were the one who assumed I couldn't be milked." Grinning, she brought one of her breasts to her mouth and sucked greedily at her own milk.

Renee trembled, feeling the heat spread across her. Her heart pounded in her chest, her blood hot and thundering in her ears with desire for the seductive temptress. She bit her lip to avoid moaning at the lurid sight of the demoness drinking from her own breast. With a gasp the succubus released her tit, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

"Now," the demoness purred, leaning forward. "Where were we? Oh yes. Breaking you."

The succubus snapped her finger and the threads of magic yanked Renee forward to the floor, her breasts crushed to the hot marks of the runic symbols, her rear raised sharply into the air. Gleefully, the demoness gripped Renee's ass, tightening her hold on the poor girl's hips. Renee twisted round her head, seeing the demoness admiring her firm derriere, taut from a life of training and exercise. The succubus parted the firm globes of her bum, revealing the dark puckered hole. The demon grinned, long tongue flickering about her lips.

"N-no!" Renee gasped. "P-please! Not that! I-I'll leave. I'll never come back. I'll not hunt you ever again. Only please-"

"Oh you'll be begging for something very different soon enough," the succubus purred, then lunged forward, burying her face between Renee's cheeks.

"Ahhhh!" the huntress cried, lurching against the glowing threads which held her down, the demon's prehensile tongue sliding deep into her ass. "O-ooooh god!" she moaned, quivering as the demoness plundered her, tongue twisting in a place Renee had never considered sexual. Yet now, alive with pleasure beneath the succubus's skillful tongue, stabbing her core with molten pleasure.

Renee pressed her head to the ground. Gasping. Writhing, feeling the hot desire of the succubus's spit radiate through her body. "Ohhhhhh," she moaned, bucking as the demon licked her. "N-nooo...P-please...A-ah. Ahhh!"

Helpless against the sinful pleasures of the demon's tongue, Renee arched, crying out as her orgasm rocked through her. She wailed as she came, soaking her thighs in her juices.

The succubus leaned back, her tongue sliding out of Renee, lingering and giving the clutching ring of muscles a final flick before fully withdrawing. "Mmm," she purred, stroking Renee's quivering bum. "Did you like that?"

"G-gods..." Renee whimpered, panting, shuddering as her body burned with the helpless lust of the succubus's touch.

"I'll take that as a yes," the demoness said. Renee jerked, ass twitching up on trembling thighs as the demon's hand slid between her spread thighs and stroked her quivering mons. Finger lingering along the hot gash of her cunt.

"O-oh G-gods," the huntress gasped.

"Last spot," the demoness whispered, finger stroking Renee, teasing her damp cunt. "If you can hold out here, you just might make it to dawn. Do you think you can?"

"N-nnn," Renee whimpered.

"Well," The succubus said, rising. "Guess we'll find out." She flicked her hand and Renee found herself yanked back again, engorged teats on full display, back arched, body crisscrossed in the lurid glowing threads of the demon's spell. Renee groaned, pushing out her mons. Her cunt fairly steamed in the cool cavern air. Her whole body trembled with the promise of release. Her teary eyes tracked the succubus as she strutted to her front. Twirling about the demoness grinned. Teasingly, the demoness began to run her hands over her own body, stroking her crimson skin with long, lurid movements. Slowly bending her knees so that she was crouched before the huntress.

She leaned forward, her hot breath washing over Renee's bared cunt. Her folds parted, revealing the soft pink of her gash. Her clit poking from its hood, engorged and desperate for attention. The succubus laughed, her tongue flicking out and slapping Renee's clit.

"Ahhh!" Renee arched, screaming as she came again, her juices sizzling as they dripped onto the runes of the succubus's spell. The demoness laughed. "Oh, I really shouldn't," the demon said, her golden eyes blazing. "But then, I'm not good at shouldn't's." And she plunged forward, lips locking onto Renee's steaming gash.

The huntress's scream threatened to bring down the cave. She strained helplessly against the magic ropes, wailing as she came again as the succubus's skillful tongue plunged into her hungry cunt. "G-gods! Gods! Ohhhhh!"

Gripping Renee's hips to steady herself, the succubus fanned them with her wings. Her tail slid along her own mons, sliding into her crimson cunt as she tongue fucked the helpless huntress. "Mm-hmm-hmm!" the succubus laughed, moaning as she fucked herself even as she devoured the writhing Renee.

"Ah! I...Ahn...G-Gods! Yes!" Renee screamed as another orgasm was torn from her. Her eyes rolled back, her hips quivered and cunt drooled with her girl-cum.

The hours went by in blissful pleasure. Torturously the succubus fucked the trembling huntress's body. Made her scream and shake until her voice was hoarse.

At last, the succubus drew back, wiping her lips of the last remnants of Renee's juices. "Mmm. Virgins are always so tasty," she giggled, tongue flicking teasingly.

"Ah..." Renee whimpered. Her eyes glazed, her mouth gaping with dumb pleasure. "M-more...Mistress...more..."

"Whoops," the succubus giggled. "Did I break the pretty little huntress? Oh dear," she sighed. "I can be so naughty sometimes."

"N-nha..." Renee whimpered. Grinning, reclining among some rocks, the succubus snapped her fingers. The arcane trap faded. Threads of crimson light uncoiling and vanishing like smoke, leaving only the bruises where Renee struggled against their hold. Freed, the huntress fell forward to her knees. Panting. She looked up at the succubus as she woman smiled, spreading her thighs and stroking her hot groove.

"Come on then, pet. Let's feel that pretty tongue."

Moaning, Renee crawled towards the demoness and buried her face hungrily in the demon's quim. The succubus gasped, bucking as Renee desperately began to lick at the demon's hot groove, burying her flushed face between the demon's thighs.

"Oooh," the succubus moaned, wrapping her legs around the huntress's head and pulling her harder against her cunt. "What a pretty little slut. Whoops!" the demoness said, noting a golden glow steal across the distant horizon. "Looks like it's dawn. How about it?" she said, reaching down and lifting Renee's juice drenched face from her folds. She grinned down at the huntress's lust dazed eyes and panting lips. "Still want to slay me, my dear?"

"M-more," Renee moaned, wiggling her bum whorishly, tongue licking at the dredges of the succubus's juices staining her face. "M-more. P-please. Want... m-more."
