 Hi everyone! Sorry for taking so long to continue the story. Hope you enjoy!

*****

When I woke, I had been moved to the bedroom. I was groggy and couldn't really see anything but I could hear squeals of laughter and the pitter patter of happy, naked feet in the hallway and living room. The sun was peeking through the blinds letting me know that morning had arrived - or midday, I was not sure. I realized that the sounds the girls were making were getting closer when the bed began to shake beneath me. 

I rubbed my eyes to find the girls both naked and on the bed with me. Ali straddled Kat with her knees at Kat's hips and Kat fought Ali's hands away as she was tickled without mercy. I wanted to join in the fun and my cock spasmed a little to let me know he was on board as well. But I was still a little tired so I just cuddle under the blanket. They had not yet noticed that I was awake, so I thought I would just take in the view for a bit and watch these two beautiful girls touch and play with each other and I liked where it was going.

It was a sight to behold. They looked so happy, just laughing and playing and exploring each other's bodies with their hands and mouths. Suddenly Kat over powered Ali and flipped her on her back, which allowed me to catch a better view of her breasts. I could no longer call them "small", or "less than average". They were beautiful, round, large, full breasts. As Kat leaned in for a kiss, her breasts showed every delicate movement as they pressed into Ali's. They were perfect. 

This made me jump up, regardless of whether or not I was fully awake. "What the fuck?"

The girls both looked at me with smile, completely disregarding my questioning tone and greeted me in unison. "Good morning."

Ali continued, "Yay, you're awake." Kat settled down and lay softly on top of her. Ali wrapped her arms around Kat and continued. "Is everything okay?"

"Well no, nothing's wrong, but." I took a deep breath and looked at Kat. "Your tits are huge, I mean, not that I didn't like them before but, Goddam, girl."

Kat lifted herself from Ali's body to show me. "I know, aren't they fantastic?" She grabbed my closest hand with hers and placed it on her breast, allowing me to squeeze and see for myself. Yup, they were real. "Yeah, I kinda freaked out when they started to grow, but Ali explained about your cum and that you changed me so my tits got bigger or something."

I couldn't take my eyes off her chest, nor could I stop massaging her tit. "God, this is... this is awesome."

She leaned over and kissed me, forcing her tongue inside my mouth and moaned. I kissed her back and my cock twitched again. I ripped off the blanket covering me and knelt up to get a better angle. When the blanket slid off Ali looked down and gasped. I didn't pay attention until Kat pulled her lips away from mine and gasped herself.

Not knowing what they were freaking out about, I looked down to find the reasons for the gasps. Well, I guess just one reason... and it was a big one.

Ali pushed Kat off of herself and sat up beside me. "Fuck Al, it worked."

I couldn't believe it, I actually grew my cock. Speechless, I stared down at myself not knowing exactly what to do. As I knelt on the bed, my shaft loosely hung between my legs, extending down the length of my thighs with its head and a few more inches resting softly on the mattress. I sat back, letting my legs move out in front of me, dragging my cock along the fabric as I moved. I sat with my legs spread, just gazing at the glory I beheld. In sitting position it reached just above my knees. The girls watched without saying a word. I grabbed hold of it in disbelief, using both hands to pick it up. I brought it closer to me, taking notice of everything. It was thick and heavy. It felt good to hold it, and it wasn't even hard yet. Not sexually good, but in a different way. I was learning who I was. I was finding out that I like being me - with cock and everything. 

After just a few seconds of holding it, my heart began to pound and I could feel the blood rushing through it. It began to take shape and force itself out in front of me. I could barely believe my own eyes. 

"Holy shit." I looked at the girls, "are you seeing this, or is my mind playing tricks on me?"

They both shook their heads, each grinning wide. Kat spoke up, "No baby, that thing is real."

I smiled back at them, knowing I wasn't the only one this excited. I looked down as I pulled it straight up as far as I could toward my mouth and kissed my tip. I wasn't sure if I would ever be able to use this thing at its fullest length and width, but I am sure the girls will help me explore the possibilities. I had to use both hands to fully circle it and even then my fingers only overlapped each other by just one knuckle. 

I lost track of time and where I was as I played with myself and totally forgot about Ali and Kat. It felt good. They didn't mind though, they just cuddled up to each other and watched me. Eventually their hands naturally made their way to their slits. Kat let out little moans here and there as she finger fucked herself to my image, Ali joining in soon after. 

I opened my eyes and was turned on by what I saw. It made me hot, really hot. My heart began to beat faster, my skin flushed and I could feel the heat coming off of my skin. My breathing picked up as well. Deep, heavy breaths. 

Not being able to take it anymore, Ali pushed herself forward on her knees in front of me. Soon followed by Kat, the girls took matters into their own hands, licking, sucking and stroking my length. My semi instantly became solid as a rock. My enormous skin tube filled up with blood, becoming thicker and heavier. I couldn't understand how this was even possible. How did I have enough blood to fill it up and keep it up? I should have been passed out by now. Hell, I shouldn't even be alive. But that didn't matter right now. 

With my new, bigger cock came a lot more of everything else as well. I was more in control and more sensitive. I could feel every touch, every kiss and even the air moving across my member from their gentle breath. I laid back, my shaft slipping out of their hands as it followed me down. It grazed my chin and slapped my stomach as it hit. It was exhilarating. Before the girls could jump onto me, I jumped on myself grasping my length with both hands. I tilted my head, kissing my tip and was rewarded with the largest rope of precum I've given so far. I smiled as I swallowed and slid my tip across my lips, from one side of my mouth to the other, occasionally kissing myself. It was like nothing I had ever experienced. Every nerve in my body was firing at once and the pleasure center of my brain was working overtime, making every touch, every movement and everything I did exceptionally pleasurable. I had been hard for just a few seconds and already I was on the verge of orgasm.

For a moment, my mind went to work figuring everything out. Which I was getting more and more use to. It didn't make me pass out like when I first made changes to my body. I was more able to access those parts of my mind easier. Everything was made clear and I now understood what made this possible. My cock was at its fullest length. I could make it thicker if I wanted, but then I couldn't fit it in anything. In my mind I learned how to change the size and length easier, but I didn't want to. Not just yet. I was enjoying myself way too much and decided to leave it the size it was. 

The girls knelt at either side of me kissing, stroking and sucking at my length. I felt a little selfish for keeping my crown all to myself but I did not care. There was plenty of me to go around. We continued like this for a bit until I needed my inside of me. 

I accessed the deepest parts of my brain to make my cock smaller and suddenly I could feel the diameter of him shrinking and my fingers overlapped each other even more. I did not go to small though, I still wanted him to fit in my mouth. 

With my lips still touching my tip, I spoke out loud, not caring if Kat or Ali could hear me. "Hey big guy, you ready for this?" 

I kissed it one last time before I wrapped my lips around my swollen crown and forced it to the back of my throat till I gaged a little. The precum would not stop filling my mouth, not that I wanted it to. I tried to keep up but eventually I failed. It spilled past my lips and pooled between my breasts. I pulled myself out of my mouth till my tip was just inside, letting more of my fluids spill out. Without wasting any time, the girls scooped it up to use for lube on my shaft, occasionally licking their fingers and sucking it off my chest. I could not believe how long my cock was. I only had to tilt my head slightly till my tip was pressing at the back of my throat again. All of my fluids building up in my mouth felt so amazing. I didn't mind letting it spill out of me because I knew there was plenty more to come but I still swallowed as fast as I could. 

Keeping one hand on my shaft, Kat moved her other to my pussy dipping two then three fingers inside me, using a big glob of my precum as lube. Kat noticed that my body was accepting three fingers easier than normal, so she tried all four. Soon realizing that my body needed more, Kat folded her thumb in and slowly began pushing her entire hand inside. This was the first time I've been fuck in my pussy like this. Of course, I've been experiencing a lot of first things lately. I wasn't really ready for it and I moaned as my body twitched from the pressure. But it was just what I needed. Kat pumped her forearm in and out of me a few times until I reached my limit. 

The girls never stopped. Kat had one hand inside me and the other massaging the base of my cock. Ali used both of her hands to stroke the length of my shaft, lubricated by my fluids. My own hands worked the top of my cock and my mouth was taking care of my tip. 

I held out as long as I could but I just could not take it anymore. My nervous system was overloaded and I was about to come. Ali and Kat felt my body quake and knew I was close. I could not see them though - I could not see anything, I just felt what they were doing and it was amazing. They smiled at each other and picked up their game. Faster and faster, Kat and Ali brought me to the edge and I lunged my cock deep in my throat, pushing me over. A bomb exploded in my brain and the flood gates were opened. My back arched which caused more of my cock to be forced into my mouth. My tip was forced passed the back of my throat. I gaged a little but it felt amazing. Cum exploded from my tip causing me to gag even more. But, again, I liked it. I held on tight to my shaft, feeling it pulsate between my fingers. 

This was new. More cum than I had ever experienced before. More pleasure than I had ever felt and more enjoyable than I could ever have thought that I wanted.

Cum exploded out of my tip and hit the back of my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could but there was too much. My whole body convulsed and the girls could hardly keep going without my legs pushing them out of the way. I only came out of my cock but the pleasure was so great that my legs slammed shut and started shaking to the point that Kat couldn't retrieve her arm. But I liked it. I could feel everything. 

I was so entranced that I had no control over my body. All I could do was continue stroking my length as fast as I could and suck the sweet nectar that I'd created for myself. 

I felt everything, but I completely forgot about Ali and Kat. It took a while but when my body calmed down enough for Kat to remove her arm, they both crawled up to help harvest the fruits of their labor. As Ali moved toward my head she let her hand trail up the length of my cock until she reached my cock head. Her finger glided so comfortably over the base of my crown. Her lips soon joins her hand, kissing and sucking the cum that had escaped my lips. Kat, too, sucked and kissed my crown but left a hand behind to massage my clit. My cunt has never been treated so well. My hands never stopped moving, milking the heavenly juice within my shaft from root to tip. When I had my fill, I pulled my mouth from my crown and let the girls take the rest. 

I had never experienced such a thing until now. But I was not satisfied. I wanted more. Not only that but I wanted others to feel what I had. It was awe inspiring and needed to be shared.

I felt weaker but still had enough energy to keep going. Ali placed her hand on my chin and turned my head and leaned in to kiss me. It was a sloppy kiss with all of my cum on our faces. While still kissing me, Ali lifted her body off the bed and straddled me with as she rested her pussy ever so gently on my shaft, still wet and slick with cum. She moaned into my mouth as her skin touched mine and forced her tongue further into my mouth. My body shuttered and I wrapped my arms around her. I ran my hands across her skin from her shoulders to her ass and back again. Ali began to roll her hips forward and then back, stroking my shaft with her pussy. Yet another first on the long list of things I had yet to try. My shaft twitched with delight leaving gifts of delicious cum on my chest.

Kat watched in amazement as my sister and I shared a moment together but soon joined in byrubbing Ali's ass with one hand and stroking the portion of my cock that was not being used my ali with the other. She scooped up cum from my chest to use on my cock and as her arm moved back and forth it grazed Ali's nipples causing her to moan. Ali began to grind her hips faster. I could feel everything, her outer labia on the sides and the inner labia and clitoris tickling the center. I've never felt her cunt pressed tight against any part of me and I have to say, I like it. 

Kat moved her hand up to my crown and massaged it so perfectly. My body shook with pleasure and I found myself on the verge of another orgasm. Kat moved her other hand down and flicked my clitoris, causing me to shutter even more. Ali 's and my lips never parted but the hotter and more turned on we got the more intense we kissed.

My heart began to pound even harder and I could feel my cock twitching with my heart beat and heating up immensely. Just then, when I thought I was about to pop, something unexpected happened. My mind was filled with emotion and feeling that put me on the verge of crying. As though I was not in control of my body, I placed my hands on Ali's cheek and gently pushed her face back enough to look her in the eyes. She didn't stop moving her body though, which I was glad for. She just smiled and stared back at me. Kat was too busy massaging my cunt and crown to pay attention to Ali and I. I pulled my sister in and kissed her before leaning into her ear and whispering, "I love you". She tilted her head and whisper back to me, "And I love you." We began kissing again when my body had enough and like a fire burning within me, I grasped Ali's entire body, pulling her into me and screamed. I've never done that before. It must have been a mix between the feeling of sex and the great emotion that I felt for her. It was not particularly a strong orgasm but this one affected me in a way that caused me to vocalize it. Kat squealed with delight and giggled knowing that she helped get me off to the point that I screamed. I knew this load was going to be a big one because I could feel my cum flowing through my cock. With force, our faces were blasted with hot creamy ooze. It hit our skin so hard that is splashed in all directions, covering the wall and everything else around us. The feeling became more intense and I screamed again into Ali's neck so loud that all that came out was a muffled squeak. It lasted forever and I did not want it to end. 

I have never felt anything like this before. Not just the sex but to be locked in the arms of the only person who had ever actually loved me for who I was and sharing something so personal and intimate. And she is the only person I can think of that I would want to share this with. 

The longer Ali stroked my length with her pussy, the longer my orgasm lasted and the more cum that shot out of me. I wanted to drink it up but I did not want to leave this moment. 

Ali moaned loudly as she came. Her hips began to move faster for a few more seconds until she could not take it any longer and her body seized up, curling into mine. Her pussy pushed even harder on my shaft which acted as a dam and caused the cum to build up inside me. I could feel Ali's body convulse, pressing her tits tight against mine. They were covered in cum which caused them to slide on each other. 

Ali squeezed me and I could feel her hips shaking. We knew my pheromones changed the girls bodies to produce more cum but this was new. Her fluids built up inside of her and at first started to slowly leak out of her and around my cock but after her orgasm she squirted everywhere. I could feel her wetness run down my cock and pool on my tummy and below my ctrotch. I loved the thought of her creating as much cum as I did. Kat's hand what covered in Ali's cum and she used it as lube on both of her hands. Shifted her body and knelt between mine and Ali's legs, scooped up a wad of cum and covered both of her arms up to her elbows. She lined her left hand up with my cunt and her right hand up to Ali's. She pushed just hard enough until her had breached our openings and then, without warning, Kat plunged her arms inside of us until just the top half of her forearm was exposed. This cause Ali and I to screech with delight, causing the spark of fire that pushed me to the brink of another orgasm.

Kat giggled and smiled wide. She wasn't getting off her self but she was having just as much fun. She pulled her arm out of Ali until just fingers were inside and then slowly began moving back inside of Ali at the same time pulling her arm out of me. Kat kept up this pattern of alternating her arms in and out of us. She started off slow and Ali and I were in such states of pleasure that all we could do was hug each other tight. Kat saw what this was doing to us and wanted to do it even more so she picked up her pace. Over and over, she pounded mine and my sister's pussy with her arms for a few more minutes. She was getting tired, I could feel her arms shaking uncontrollably from working them too long but I was almost there and from the way she was acting, I could tell that Ali was too.

I gave Ali a kiss and a few more strokes, by Kat, inside of us and we came together once again, screaming into each other's mouths. Cum gushed from my tip and every consecutive pump with Kat's hand inside Ali made her cum splash and slosh about. The sounds were exhilarating and I wanted it to keep going. Kat did too, so she kept pumping her arm inside of Ali, slowing down on me. The more she mumped the more intense Ali's orgasm became. She convulsing and shaking so hard made me jealous for what she was experiencing which made me think of some changes that I need to make on our bodies. I couldn't wait to make the changes on my own body so I closed my eyes and went to work.

Once Kat's muscles could take no more, she slowed down on Ali's pussy which gave Ali's muscles a chance to relax. Once it was all over, Ali was breathing heavily, exhausted after what had just happened. My cock never stopped spewing cum and it drenched me completely. The girls always complain about there not being enough cum for them to drink up well... now's their chance, I'm swimming in at least a few gallons of it.

Kat looked up to me and drooled at the sight of all the cum but then hesitated before coming to join in the fun. A curious look appeared on her face and she lifted a hand to her mouth and cautiously like one finger. Her face lightened up and licked the rest of her hands clean before going to work on Ali's pussy, sucking every drop out. 
