 This story is based on fantasy Dungeons and Dragon genre, specifically the Forgotten Realms and the world of Faerûn. The main Nine characters are of my own creation but some of the other characters in the story, the deities, the Seven Sisters, and the races and classes are from Forgotten Realms. 

*****

Chapter 1 - The clever idea and black mail.

Natalie walked across the historical campus of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia quickly. It was Friday and a little after one in the afternoon and she was excited to get to her one bedroom loft apartment in Mercer Village. She did not have any more classes for the day and her girlfriend had her last class at two so she would be over around two thirty and Natalie had some interesting plans for the two of them that afternoon. Due to their schedules and her girlfriend Christie working part time in the evening they had not had sex in a little over two weeks and Natalie was horny so she planned a unique seduction of her girlfriend and she wanted to get to her apartment and get ready.

Natalie drew several looks from the boys as she walked past them and she smiled at them flirtatiously. Natalie knew she was an attractive young lady, very attractive; and used to the looks. While standing only five foot three inches she had a very petite body but it was well shaped. Her breasts were a nice B cup in size and very firm and when people saw then naked they saw a slight little curve upwards to her dark brown nipples. Her waist was thin but firm and her butt was small but perfectly shaped. Her straight black hair came down just past her shoulders and was silky fine and swished back and forth when she walked fast as she was doing that day. Her eyes were dark, almost black, but not dull or void; they sparkled and reflected light like black obsidian. 

To the young girl it was her complexion she valued most about her looks. Her skin was alabaster pale and free of any blemishes that people compared to a finely crafted porcelain doll. Her heart shaped face was an artist's dream with her long natural lashes and slightly pouty red lips. People often told her is she was taller she could be a beautiful model, to which Natalie would giggle, bat her lashes, and tell the person she would never be anything that trashy.

Of course the campus of Mercer was full of beautiful girls. Blondes, brunettes, red heads, thin girls, girls with bodies men would become instantly aroused when seen in a bikini, beautiful fuller figure girls, girls with tan skin. Yes there were not shortage of beautiful girls at the college, but what set Natalie apart from most were her grace and charm and personality. She was the perfect Southern Belle and got extremely flattered when people would tease her a little and tell her she was like Scarlet O'Hara come to life. Yes Natalie new she was a beautiful young lady and while she could be very vain about her looks and dress, she was never stuck up or conceded. Of course everyone had their flaws including this sweet lovely girl and Natalie knew her two.

Natalie could be very introverted at times. Not shy in the least but often preferred the company of just herself or a small group of friends. She often got nervous and anxious in large gatherings such as parties or other social events. When she was younger her best friends had been online chat rooms and people she knew she would never meet face to face. She was doing her best to overcome that flaw and her girlfriend was helping. Then there was her reputation around campus. A reputation she knew she somewhat deserved.

Some people, especially other girls who were jealous if her looks and personality, called her a slut or a whore. The thing was, she was a slut and knew it and while she tried to be discreet people talked. Natalie was a very sexual person and liked to experiment with her sexuality and if she wanted to try something new she felt no shame in fulfilling her desires. Her reputation as a slut only increased when at the beginning of the school year before she met her girlfriend. Natalie had been involved in threesome sex before; two guys and her, two other girls and her, and another guy and another girl and her; but she had never been with more people than that at the same time and she wanted to and she did.

She was invited to a frat party on campus and it was east to convince the boy who invited her to have three of his fraternity brothers join in; after all he just invited her to have sex with her anyway. After they used her body for their lusts and sexual pleasures for several hours, Natalie got dressed, went back to her apartment, took a shower, and went to bed. She felt no guilt of remorse for her actions; she had not felt guilt or remorse about the things she did in a long time.

She did discover the experience was not as cracked up to be as she had thought she also learned boys like to talk; which was not really that much of a surprise form her past experiences. The fraternity brothers were soon bragging about their "conquest" and three of the four had girlfriends so her activities that night started to spread around campus and got embellished over the telling. Within a week Natalie had heard she got gang banged by all the brothers of the fraternity and videos had been posted online. She just laughed and let the people say what they wanted. She could have cared less what people thought of her.

Once in her loft apartment she sent a text to her girlfriend Christie. "Is class over yet? Tell Dr. Dodd your girlfriend is horny and needs to get laid."

As Natalie waited for the reply she changed her clothes. Something comfortable but sexy and easy to remove so she decided on just a pair of her pajamas. As Natalie removed her bra her phone alerted her she had a text.

"OMG almost got me in trouble. Yes be there about thirty minutes."

Natalie smiled and her phone chimed again, "BTW u going tonight?"

She text back, "Grrrr...maybe. Will discuss. Now hurry!"

Natalie changed into her Mercer pajamas. They were orange short bottoms that were tight and made her butt cheeks hang out, the top was a half top that came about three inches above her belly button, was very tight and her nipples protruded from the material. It was also orange with the Mercer Bear on the front. They were a size and a half too small and she purchased them knowing that. The young girl then put on a pair of white socks with the same shade of Mercer orange school color, horizontal stripes. The socks came up above her knee two inches. She loved knee high socks and thigh highs and considered them to be very sexy. 

Once dressed she giggled at her clever idea and walked to her closet. She pulled out a nylon bag, also from the college book store, opened it and sorted through the various sexual items and toys and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. They were not cheap novelty cuffs but real police handcuffs she had gotten online years ago. She took the key and placed it in the top draw of her nightstand, lay on the bed, and cuffed herself to the headboard and out of reach of the key and waited.

As Natalie waited her mind turned to her current girlfriend. The young brunette knew she was attracted to girls and Christie was not her first girlfriend. The other girl was very pretty. She was taller than Natalie and stood about five, five, had what Natalie thought was just a great body. Her breasts we C cup and firm, she was not skinny like Natalie was but not fat or bulky either and nice and trim. Natalie thought the girl's butt was the most perfect she had ever seen. Christie's face was just so darling cute and her blue eyes were the color of a perfect spring day. 

It took about a month for Natalie to learn what her girlfriend's natural hair color was, the other girl changed her colors about twice a month and now Christie's hair, that came below her ears, was a very sexy platinum blonde. Which Natalie was grateful for the change because she hated the cotton candy pink color it was previously. Based on her eyebrows and very soft, fine, well-trimmed pubic hairs Natalie assumed Christie's natural hair was a light brown, but it was not until she saw pictures of the girl when she was young Natalie saw her hair was dirty blonde. Christie had a few quirks of her own.

Her girlfriend was absolutely obsessed with fantasy genre. Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, along with many other fantasy novels, book series, and movies. She played the computer game World of Warcraft, still played the role playing game Dungeons and Dragons weekly, went to comic and fantasy conventions and even did cosplay while there and even did some LARPing a few times until her group disbanded due to lack of participation. Christie even went as far as getting her ears surgically altered to give the tips point so she would have Elf ears, the kind the actress and actors had in the movies Lord of the Rings.

Natalie knew Christie loved her, she told her a few times but she did not know if she loved the girl back or if she could love the girl back or anyone for that matter. That was another one of Natalie's faults. Her lack of being capable of loving someone romantically. Natalie could be very selfish and she knew it. She never denied it and she also knew she had never been in love with anyone romantically. She dated a lot in high school and even had two serious boyfriends and a somewhat serious girlfriend, at the same time she was dating one of the boys, but she never loved them. She felt she did not know how to love someone that way or if she could. 

When she was in her middle teen years she saw a therapist her parents sent her to for some minor issues she was having, nothing serious or thoughts of suicide; but her mother and father just felt Natalie lacked something emotionally. Her doctor told her she had traits of being psychopathic. Natalie laughed and told the doctor she was no nut job serial killer. The doctor smiled at her and explained the difference between psychopath and sociopath and told her she did not have all the traits of a psychopath but some. Such as her hard time forming real emotional attachments with others. Instead, she forms artificial, shallow relationships designed to be manipulated in a way that most benefits herself. She sees people as pawns to be used to forward her own goals and rarely feels guilt regarding any of her behaviors, no matter how much they hurt others. 

Psychopaths, the doctor told her, can often be seen by others as being charming and trustworthy, holding steady, normal jobs. Some even have families and seemingly-loving relationships with a partner. While they tend to be well-educated, they may also have learned a great deal on their own. Natalie felt he summed her up pretty well. While her doctor tried to uncover why Natalie's personality was the way it was he never could. Natalie knew why but she never told anyone and never planned on it.

Natalie did care for Christie, a great deal, and she liked the girl a lot but she knew she did not love her; a cause for some of their arguments. Natalie never told Christie she loved her even when the other girl told her and Christie would get emotionally hurt and then angry and they would argue and not speak for a few days. But overall the relationship was going great. 

Natalie giggled, and the sex is awesome, she thought to herself.

It was not much longer when Natalie learned her little clever idea to seduce her girlfriend was not so clever when she started to feel the urge to pee. Natalie cursed her "bright idea" and wished she had not put the handcuff key out of reach. Lucky Christie arrived very shortly after.

Christie had a key to Natalie's apartment and called out to her when she entered the door.

"In here, in the bedroom. I umm...well...just come here please." Natalie answered.

Christie saw her girlfriend on the bed, handcuffed, and laughed. "What are you up to now?"

Natalie blushed, "I thought I would seduce you. You find me handcuffed to the bed and you would be able to do anything you wanted to me, but now I have to pee so could you please uncuff me? The key is in the top drawer of my nightstand."

"When have you ever needed handcuff yourself to let me do anything I wanted to you?" Christie asked amused.

Natalie rolled her eyes, "Gesh, just please let me up so I can go pee."

Christie walked to the night stand and retrieved the key. "So are you going with me tonight?"

"I don't know...it's silly. Ok hurry cause I have to pee pretty bad now."

Christie shook her head, "Only if you promise to go with me? And it's not silly. It's fun. Your boy crush Rain will be there."

"He is not my boy crush! I just like him and he is so cute, but totally gay." Natalie squirmed a little, "Please...let me up."

"You flirt with him every time you see him." Christie teased. 

"I do not! And you are one to talk anyway; you flirt with all the boys there...including Rain. I bet you do more than flirt with them."

Christie moved to the bed kneeled between Natalie's legs. "I don't do things with them, yeah I flirt but that's my character's personality. Drow females are very seductive and sexual. Like this." 

Natalie kicked her legs as Christie pulled down her pajama shorts. "Christie stop! I have to pee!"

Christie laughed, "Hey I was not the one who decided to wear my fuck me pajamas and handcuff myself to the bed." She managed to remove the girl's bottoms despite the brunette's kicking and squirming.

"It was a good plan at first." Natalie pouted. "Hey stop that! Let me pee...ohhh God that feels good...uhhhh...please stop." Natalie begged as Christie's hand touched her sex and then the other girl inserted a finger inside her.

"Umm...so wet all ready. Wonder if it tastes as good as it looks."

Natalie opened her eyes wide, "No! I swear to the Mother Mary if you go down on me right now I will pee in your face. Please, Christie I have to pee bad."

"Ewwww...that's gross. I don't believe you anyway, we did not like it the one time you talked me into it. It was gross."

Natalie giggled despite her distress, "Well you were not the one getting peed on."

"Yeah but it was still yucky."

"Was not that bad, least not until you got it in my mouth."

Christie laughed hard remembering how Natalie coughed and gagged and spit as her urine stream hit her mouth. Natalie had wanted to see what it was like to have a girl pee on her so she convinced her girlfriend to try and they went into the bathroom and Natalie laid in the tub as Christie stood over her and peed. "I swear that was an accident."

"You did it on purpose." Natalie smiled, "But seriously, baby, let me up. I really have to pee and it hurts now."

"Nope...promise me you will go tonight or I will tickle you until you pee the bed.

"Ok...ok I promise." Natalie relented.

Christie smiled and uncuffed the other girl. Natalie got up quickly and ran to the bathroom.

"By the way, when you peed on me I liked it a lot." She said over her shoulder and giggled and then ran flat into the door frame of her bedroom and fell on her butt.

When Christie saw Natalie get up and that she was unhurt and dart to the bathroom she fell on the bed on her back, grabbed her stomach and laughed hard.

Natalie came back into the bedroom rubbing her butt. "That hurt. My butt is sore."

Christie was lying on the bed on her stomach facing the door with her feet in the air kicking them, "Since when do you complain about a sore butt."

Natalie blushed, "Hush up! Just for that I am not in the mood anymore."

"Ha! When are ever NOT in the mood. Now come over here, baby."

Natalie smiled wide and ran and jumped on the bed. Christie grabbed her and they started kissing hard and passionate. Christie broke the kiss and brushed a lock of hair away from Natalie's face. 

"Well since you already have the handcuffs out we might as well use them. I remember a promise someone made."

Natalie grinned and moved to her back and put her hands over her head.

"Be gentle." She teased.

Christie laughed as she secured the handcuffs to Natalie's wrists and then the headboard and then she got off the bed.

"Where are you going?" Natalie asked as the other girl started to walk away.

Christie looked over her shoulder and grinned, "To get your bag of goodies."

Natalie smiled as Christie went into her walk in closet and came out carrying the nylon bag. Christie placed the bag on the foot of the bed and unzipped it as Natalie watched her pull some of the items from the bag.

"May need this," Christie said as she pulled out a paddle covered with black leather. "Oh and yes this." She said as she pulled out the strap on dildo and harness. The girl pulled a few other things out of the bag and then moved it off the bed.

"I can't believe some of the things you have in there." 

Natalie gave a mock pout, "Most are novelty items."

Christie rolled her eyes, "Yeah sure. I did not know some of those things even existed until I started dating you." She smiled.

Natalie grinned, "Yeah but you sure are more than willing to use them with me."

Christie laughed and started removing her clothes. As she undressed the restrained girl kept her eyes on the other girl's body. Natalie really did enjoy her girlfriend's body.

After she was naked, Christie walked to the bed and straddled Natalie's chest with her butt facing the other girl's face. "You know what I like." She told the other girl.

Natalie did not need any further instructions. She looked at her girlfriend's butt and pussy. Christie did not shave her pubic area like Natalie did but she kept it trim and Natalie thought she had a very sexy pussy and ass. Natalie raised her head a little as Christie lowered her butt closer to the girl's face and Natalie stuck her tongue out and licked up her girlfriend's pussy all the way up to the opening of her smaller hole. Christie moaned in pleasure as she reached over and opened the night stand and pulled out a small bottle of sexual lubricant.

Natalie continued to work her tongue around Christie's pussy and ass. She enjoyed the smell and taste of her girlfriend. As Natalie pleasured Christie with her tongue she felt the other girl spread her legs apart and lower her head and use her fingers to spread Natalie's pussy apart. Natalie gasped out in pleasure.

"Ohhh...yes...please, baby, please go down on me. I need to cum." She moaned out as Christie teased her pussy. 

"You are so wet that's for sure. But you need an accessory to go with the handcuffs." She teased. "Lift your legs and lick my ass some more. You corrupted me with that." Christie giggled as Natalie lifted her legs.

Before she met Natalie, Christie had never wanted to try anything anal and thought it was taboo, but when Natalie first rimmed her butt with tongue as her fingers played with her pussy and clit, Christie thought it was incredible and could not get enough of it. She also discovered she enjoyed doing it to her girlfriend as well. Natalie was also the first girl who she had anal sex with. Christie got a great deal of pleasure out of Natalie's tongue and fingers in her ass as they had sex but she did not enjoy being penetrated there by anything else; but Natalie did. Natalie enjoyed getting her ass fucked.

Natalie lifted her head a little more and ran her tongue over the opening of her girlfriend's butt, enjoying the sounds of pleasure the blonde made. She lifted her legs as Christie told her and as she continued use her tongue to tease the other girl's tight hole she felt her ass being spread apart and then gave a sharp intake of breath as he own ass was being penetrated by an anal plug. 

"Uhh! Fuck...please...just fuck me Christie...please." Natalie begged as the anal toy went inside her. "We...we can do other things later...I want to get fucked." The combination of being handcuffed, her girlfriend's pussy and ass in her face, Christie playing with her pussy, and now the anal plug in her ass was driving Natalie mad with desire and she wanted to orgasm badly.
