 Due to the feedback comments I needed to post this. Yes this story is inspired by the book series Guardians of the Flame By Joel Rosenberg but it does get more original in a few more chapters.

*****

Chapter 4 - Lord Llendyl of Lund

Rain and Derrick made faster time than they expected and the sun had not set and the gates of Lund were still open. The two rogues passed the time by talking to merchants and peasants outside the gate to gather information. None they spoke to ever heard of a portal to other worlds and many times they were told it's not good for common people to meddle in the affairs of wizards and best leave such things alone. They did discover on interesting fact. When talking to the people they discovered that they knew the common tongue of the land, a language almost everyone spoke and it was the language of trade, but English was not the common tongue. The realized no one could understand them when they spoke English and that pleased the two because they and the rest of the party now had a language in common that no one else could understand.

"Should be dark soon." Rain said as she looked at the setting sun. "Maybe we should walk around the walls and find the best place to climb."

Derrick smiled, "Or we just walk right in through the gate before it closes."

"No, you heard Jason. It's not safe."

"Per Jason but what does he really know...what do any of us really know? When we played the game our characters had only been here once and well it is a trading town and what trading town turns people away at the gates?"

Rain thought for a moment, "Makes sense. We can try and if it comes to it we do have enough gold for a bribe."

The two rogues had left most of their weapons behind at the camp; Rain just had her boot knife and Derrick his short sword. They approached the gate and just as they made it through a city guard steeped in front of them. He was tall and fat but the spear he held looked deadly.

"What business do you have in Lund?" He asked the two. "I don't like the looks of you. We don't like scum and thieves in our city."

Derrick smiled, "Trust us, good sir, we are neither. My woman and I are just here to buy some seed for a new farm we purchased. We have coin to pay for it. We are just humble farmers."

The guard looked at Rain, "Farmers, huh? Never heard of a one handed farmer before. One hand normally means a thief who was caught. You, girl, tell me how your man lost his hand, speak quickly."

Before Rain could say a word Derrick stepped up, "I am sorry, sir, but my woman lost her tongue when I lost my hand. Years ago the village where we were from was attacked by bandits. They cut off my hand while I was trying to fight back. They captured the women...and young girls...and raped them. And when my woman bit on of her men who raped her he cut out her tongue. She...she was very young, sir. Very young." Derrick looked down at the ground and seemed sad by the made up story, "She...poor lass was made a simpleton and no one would marry her so I took pity on her and made her my woman."

The guard nodded as Derrick told the story so convincingly and his voice broke a little in sadness the guard too pity on Rain, "A shame she is not bad looking for a mute simpleton. On you way then and good fortune to you."

When they were out of sight of the guard and front gate rain punched Derrick on the shoulder.

"A mute simpleton?" She said but was grinning.

"Hey it worked didn't it." He smiled back at her as they walked the main thoroughfare of the city.

"It stinks...that was never in the game." Rain laughed.

Derrick chuckled, "Yeah, Habersham left that out."

As they walked they got their good look at what a middle age city was like. The smell of urine and feces was very powerful and mixed with rotting meat and vegetables and body odor and animals. The people were mostly human but they did see a dwarf blacksmith working his forge and some half elves and even two high elves haggling with a wine vendor. The common people looked dirty and unkempt and children ran around playing half naked. It was noisy with vendors shouting out to advertise their wares and people haggling and mothers screaming at their children. Most of the buildings were made of wood and stone. A fight between two young boys broke out as they passed and mothers broke it up and dragged the boys with promises of beatings from their fathers.

"So I was thinking we head to the docks. Per some merchants I was talking to outside the gate the city is broken up in three sections. The docks, the slum area, and the rich part of town and in between is the larger market place. There is only one temple in the city dedicated to Oghma since he is the god of trade and merchants. There are other priests and priestess for some other gods but he is the only one with a temple dedicated to him. But I figure the docks since we need see if we can book passage to Ahm." Derrick told Rain as they walked.

"Sounds good." Rain said actually impressed with Derrick's thinking and the information he picked up talking to people outside the city. 

"So Derrick, what's with your hatred of Natalie?" Rain asked.

"I don't hate her. I...what happened earlier was not really me. You know what I mean. Like when you held the dagger to my throat was that you here or the other side you?"

Rain shrugged, "Both I guess. But no I mean not here but on the other side. Why do you spread rumors about her and tell people she's a slut and all. She is my friend and a very sweet girl. I am just curious."

Derick shrugged, "She is what she is. Now let's find a tavern. One of the merchants suggested the Grinning Troll. Said there would be ship captains there and even some smugglers. He said it was a rough place but I think we can handle it. Plus I am in the mood to taste what real ale tastes like."

Rain shook her head, "No, Jason said we get supplies and find an inn and stay put. We don't want to attract attention."

"Aw come on, Rain, a few drinks won't kill us plus it's too late to buy supplies. The vendors are packing up for the night."

Rain thought for a moment, "Ok two drinks and that's it...but only if you tell me why you hate Natalie."

"I don't hate her, but what's it to you anyway."

"She's my friend first of all and second if we are to get home we all need to be a team and get along. If we don't we may not make it home. So as we walk to this Troll place you tell me."

Derrick laughed, "The Grinning Troll. I liked the name. Ok deal I will tell you what I know...by the way for the record I did not spread any rumors about her and actually kept my mouth shut about that night at the frat house...well until she accused me of telling people. It was Kelly Vandaver, Todd's girlfriend that started it all."

"Ok...so spill." Rain said as they continued to walk and she dodged a bucket full of urine that was poured from the second story of one of the buildings they passed.

"Don't get mad cause what I tell you is what I know and what I heard about her ok? Well her and I Started Mercer the same year and I first saw her in freshman orientation and had several classes with her and I had a little crush on her. She is pretty and seemed very nice but I never did work up the courage to ask her out. Anyway I about forgot about her after a while, you know different majors and different classes after a while. 

"Then I had a class with her last year, our sophomore year and by this time I was a brother with Phi Delt. One night we were thinking about what girls to invite to a party besides the normal sorority girls and I brought her name up because I wanted to get to know her again and maybe this this time ask her on a date. Well one of my brothers and who was the chapter president at the time said something like 'sure she would be a guaranteed fuck for someone. I had that ass one night when she was a freshman and she's a freak'. I asked what he meant and he said she had a reputation of fucking around a lot her freshman year and last year with both guys and girls. Another brother said he and his sister went to the same high school as her and she had the same reputation in high school."

"I blew it off...I mean you know how guys are, we talk a lot of shit about girls. Well our president told me it was true and the pulled up an amateur porn website about college girls fucking and sure enough she had two videos on there of her fucking and each video was with a different guy. I don't think she posted them, I think the guys did, but there they were. She was invited to the party but never came. Then she came to our party the beginning of the year and started talking to me and flirting and stuff and then after a while we started kissing and when I suggested we go upstairs she agreed but asked me if some of my brothers could join us and that she wanted to be ganged banged. 

"I was drunk enough to agree, found three brothers, and upstairs we went. You can figure out the rest. Then a few weeks later she walked up to me right in the science building and in front of everyone started yelling and accusing me of telling people about it. I know it was not cool to say the things I did, but I didn't say anything until after she embarrassed me and I was pissed. Also it's not just me and my brothers who say shit about her. She does have that reputation and it's kind of deserved."

Rain nodded, "Well she is not like that now. She has Christie and they love one another. So just cool it ok."

Derrick laughed, "Sure if you promise not to put a dagger to my throat again. Ok now your turn. There is something I have been wanting to ask you since we left camp. Did that's nymphs curse transfer over to this side as well."

Rain blushed deeply and looked up and saw a tavern sign on the building in front of her, "Oh look we are here."

Derrick laughed and saw the sign. The sign hung above the door to the tavern and on it was a painting of a friendly looking, smiling troll against a black and yellow checkered board.

"Doesn't look to bad to me." Rain said. 

The pair walked into the tavern and it was already crowded with patrons and by the look of them most were sailors, a few merchants, some woman who they suspected as being prostitutes, and even in the corner sat a very well dressed man drinking out of a pewter mug and standing on either side of him were well armed and mailed men. They walked up to the bar and both ordered ale. Rain took a sip of hers and almost spit it out it was so bad but Derrick seemed to enjoy it. 

"Shall we get a table?" Rain asked.

"Sure and keep an ear and eye out for anyone who may look like a ship captain." Derrick said.

They found an empty table near the well-dressed man. The man smiled at Rain and Rain blushed at the way he looked at her.

Lord Llendyl of Lund, second son of the Duke of Lund and ruler of the free trading city as well as its surrounding lands, was a rather handsome young man who took great pride in his appearance. He was of average height and had fine scented black hair that was combed neatly. Lord Llendyl enjoyed going to the docks and taverns filled with ruffians and criminals and murders. He enjoyed having sex with the low born women and the women who sold their bodies for the night. He was also a cruel young man who enjoyed inflicting pain on others. When he noticed the blue haired half elf and her one handed companion he wanted her. He wanted her for the night and he wanted to hurt her and hear her scream in pain. When the pair sat down at a table near him he smiled. Yes he would have that one for the night and if there was anything left of her when he was done he would give her to his two bodyguards.

Rain sipped her ale and struggled to swallow it as she kept an eye on Derrick more than looking for a captain of a vessel to take them to Ahm. Derick was getting drunk and Rain did not like it. It was too dangerous for them. They talked a little more and Rain was relieved the other rogue did not remember his question from earlier. The nymph's curse had indeed transferred over to this side and she was very embarrassed about it. As she talked to Derrick in English a tall shadow appeared over her and she looked up to find one of the well-dressed man's men standing over the table.

"Lord Llendyl would like for the two of you to join him for a drink." 

"Sure, we would be honored to drink with a lord." Derrick replied in common.

"Derrick, no. We need to get out of here and find an inn." Rain told him in English.

"Ah...what's the harm in a few drinks? Plus we don't want to insult the lord."

Rain sighed as she got up and followed her companion to the lord's table. After introductions he asked the two to sit down and ordered more ale. It was only a short time before Derrick was telling the lord made up stories about his life that were comical. Rain had to admit he was a very good story teller and actor. The lord seemed to enjoy Derrick's stories and laughed often.

"So tell me... Einar was it?" Llendyl asked Derrick who used his character's name, "Is Rain your lady?"

"Oh, no, Lord, she is a traveling companion that's all." Rain winced as Derick answered. He was starting to slur his speech.

"Derrick, we need to leave." Rain told him in English.

"What language is that, my dear?" The Lord asked. "I have never heard it before."

"It's a dialect of elvish...my mother's people." Rain answered. 

"Umm I always thought elvish to be pleasant to listen to, musical almost, but that was crude sounding. So why don't you sit closer, my half elf lady." Llendyl winked at her.

"I am fine here, my Lord."

"Nonsense, we are all friends. Sit closer while Einar tells me how he lost his hand."

Rain was about to tell him no again but her chair was picked up by one of the lord's bodyguards and he placed it next to Llendyl. 

"Ahhh my hand, now that is an interesting story." Derrick started, "happened when I was a young lad of about seventeen and my father and I were walking to town to sell some vegetables at market. Well suddenly out of the woods..." Derrick went on but Lord Llendyl was no longer paying attention. He was focusing on Rain.

Rain blushed as she felt the lord's hand touch he thigh and start to caress it. Derrick noticed the man's attention to Rain ever since they sat down and he was not as drunk as he pretended. He also noticed the large coin bag on the young lord's belt. It was almost bursting with coins. He had waited patiently to act and now was the time. The lord was occupied with Rain and his body guards were focusing on the other patrons of the tavern. What fear did they have of a drunken one handed man and a blue haired half elf who would be in their master's bed before the night was over. As Derrick told his story his hand inched closer to the lord's belt. 

Llendyl was now caressing Rain's upper thigh and it was obvious what the man wanted. His other hand came up and started to tickle her side and inch closer to her breasts. Rain thought the man was attractive but no way was she going to have sex or even encourage him, but her body reacted differently to her shame. She felt her penis start to get erect and she blushed deeper. As she wiggled a little in her chair to hide her beginning of an erection she inadvertently got closer to Llendyl. The lord took that as a sign of encouragement and pulled her closer. Rain moved away and then saw Derrick's hand going for the lord's coin bag.

"Derrick!" She shouted in English.

Derrick? Who is Derrick? I am Einar, master thief and pick pocket extraordinaire. Who is this Derrick person? Derrick's fingers closed on the bag and expertly he pulled it from the Lord's belt without the man feeling a thing. Yes, Einar the best thief in the land. There is no Derrick...wait...Derrick? Yes that's me. I am no thief! What am I doing? The coin bag dropped from his fingers and onto the lord's lap.

Lord Llendyl jumped up and Rain fell to the ground. "Thief! He tried to steel my purse!" 

The lord's hand went to his belt and quickly drew a long wide bladed dagger and with expert skill he stabbed Derrick in the stomach and jerked his hand left then right. Rain sat on the floor and watched her friend's guts spill out on the wooden planks of the tavern's floor. Derrick screamed a horrible scream as he grabbed his belly and tried to stop his intestines from leaving his body but it was no use. Below him his was a mess of red blood and grey guts.

"A belly wound. I love a belly wound. Takes them a long time to die and it hurts." Lord Llendyl smiled.

Rain felt as if she was going to vomit and would have if not for the next words out of the young lord's mouth, "Take her! Take the half breed bitch! She is a thief and we will take her to the magistrate and hang her in the morning."

As one of the body guard's large hands came down to grab her, Rain was no longer Rain the young college student. She was Rain the rogue, Rain the killer who knew where to strike an enemy to kill, even the most armored enemy. She knew the weak and unprotected areas. Quick as a cat, she leapt to her feet and striking as fast as a viper her boot knife was in her hand, the blade part flat against the back of her forearm, and she slashed and the guard grabbed his throat as blood sprayed from between his fingers. Rain then ran.

Her rogue instincts took over and she ducked and dodged arms that tried to grab her, jumped over feet that tried to trip her, and out the door she dashed with Lord Llendyl screaming behind her.

"Get her! Call the watch! Get the thief and murderer."

When Rain ran out the door it was night and the moon was at its crescent and the night was full of darkness and shadows, the time of Rain the mistress of shadows. She ran and dodged city watch as they searched for her, hiding in the shadows, her home, her safe haven. She made her way to the city wall and started to climb. She felt at ease climbing the wall and her hands and feet found every hole and indenture in the worn wall. Quickly she climbed up and then over and then down. When she was seven feet from the grassy area surrounding the outside of the wall she jumped and rolled to her feet and started running again. Behind her she heard shouts of men and then she heard loud snapping sounds and then crossbow bolts fell around her feet. She ran faster to the woods. Yes in the woods they could not see her to shoot at her. 

Suddenly she felt as if she was punched in the back and she fell to her knees. She felt a terrible sharp pain in her lower back and then she felt wetness. She knew she had been hit by a bolt. She got up, stumbled, and got back up. The pain was terrible but she knew she had to keep going. To stop was to die. She had to make it to the camp. She fell again as more bolts whished by her. She got up again, ran five steps and fell once more. The pain was unbearable and she did not know if she would have the strength to make it. Once more time she got up and started to run. She had to make it. She knew she just had to or she would die on this side and never see home again.