 Chapter 5 -- Fail Healer.

Natalie watched Rain and Derrick go into the woods and out of view and she said a quick prayer for their safety and crossed herself. While not very religious now she was raised catholic, went to a catholic school from kindergarten to high school and even if she did not practice her religion anymore she figured what could it hurt. She looked past the woods to the walled city and noticed her vision was perfect, more than perfect. On the other side she had to wear reading glasses and really should wear glasses all the time but her vanity prevented her from doing so. As she looked at the city she could see it crystal clear and even further. Her elf eyes were much more sharper and she could see longer distances than human eyes. She hoped Rain would be safe and even Derrick.

Natalie sat down on the grassy hill for a moment and sighed, "If I ever get home I am going to change my life or at least part of it. I am going to try and love Christie and stop being such a slut. Maybe even tell her about the other people I have fucked behind her back. It's was only three times, true it was three times with three different people but it can't be too bad right? She will forgive me...I will make her forgive me, after all tomorrow is another day. But not now; now she deserves to suffer because she got me into this mess. Maybe...maybe I'll tell her the other things as well...the bad things." She started to cry again.

She cried because she was here in this odd, dangerous place, she cried because she wanted to go home, and she cried because she was a mixed up young lady with a deserved reputation of being a whore and she cried about the "bad things". She jerked when a strong had touched her shoulder gently.

"It's going to be ok. We will get home." Jason told her as he sat down beside her.

Natalie smiled at him. God he is so handsome and strong looking here. She thought. Jason was handsome on the other side but here he was almost perfect in his physical appearance and so tall. Natalie liked tall men; well Natalie liked almost all men and girls as well.

Jason put his arm around Natalie and she moved closer to him and placed her head on his strong arm. "Do...do you really believe that?" She asked as she sniffled and wiped her eyes on the sleeve of her robe.

"Yes I do. We have to."

Natalie smiled and snuggled closer, "Where are the rest?"

"Michael and Christie went to go gather some wood for a fire and Lou is looking through your spell book."

"Do you think they will be ok?"

"Don't worry about Rain and Derrick. They will be ok. We have the abilities of our game characters here and Rain and Derrick are high level rogues and good...real good."

Natalie smiled, "What about you, what abilities do you have. I have magic and so does Lou, Rain and Derrick are thieves or rogues so what about you?" 

"Well my character...well me I should say...is a Paladin of Trye, the God of Justice and Order, and Paladins have some abilities like they can do some minor healing and a few other spells but they are also good fighters and have great combat skills and Bantnos is high level but in a straight up fight Michael would win. He is a strong warrior. Now of course in the game it's all about dice rolls and added bonus to the rolls based on the character's abilities and stuff so here who knows. But I hope we never have to get in a situation that would require any of us to fight."

Natalie nodded, "Yes I would hate to see you get hurt." She smiled and pressed herself even closer and positioned her body so her figure would be more enticing. Natalie knew how to seduce someone so they did not know they were being seduced. "Tell me more about paladins and well...anything like even Christie. What can she do on this side? And about Moon Elves."

Jason smiled. He had to admit to himself the girl was getting him aroused. He could smell the flowery scent in her hair, the way she got closer to him, and the way the robes clung to her body as if she had poured water on herself and then put on the robes. Natalie was a very pretty girl on the other side and on this side she was extremely lovely and beautiful. To distract himself from his thoughts about Natalie, Jason decided to give her a little history lesson on her new race and that of the drow.

While moon elves and drow were distant cousins they are also like night and day, Jason started. Drow females use their bodies for seducing to manipulate and control as well as their own sexual desires. Drow females are masters of seduction and take what they want. They rule over the males by fear, sex, and manipulation...mostly by fear. About every other race in this world, men are the stronger sex but not the drow; females are taller and stronger than the males and it is the female priestesses of their ruthless and merciless Goddess Lloth, the spider queen, who hold the most power. Drow males cannot be priests or clerics, that honor goes to the females alone. 

All drow can be cruel and merciless but the females even more so. Drow are taught from an early age to trust no one, forging alliances only when they were confident that they could outmatch their ally if he or she decided to turn on them. The inherent pride in their own abilities quite often led to such alliances being forged, though they almost always ended badly when one party decided said alliance was no longer convenient. 

Drow live in the Underdark, deep below the surface of the world and they are masters of that dark and dangerous place. There are other races and creatures deep below the world, some good and some evil, but it is the drow who are the most feared. Drow cities are not damp caves or holes in the bowls of the world but are magnificent and beautiful carved from the caverns deep below. Some cities are small, others just outposts, and some as large as the largest cities above ground. The drow hate every other race besides themselves and feel they are superior to other races below and above the world, but of all the races they hate; they hate moon elves most of all. They blame the moon elves for all their woes and why they were driven underground thousands of years ago.

Drow society is matriarchal, militaristic, and heavily influenced by religion. Their city-states are formed in huge underground caverns but frequently at war with one another. These cities are ruled by the most powerful of the families (or houses) and the power of the many families changes often when one of the lesser houses decides to climb the pecking order and attack a greater house. It was a risky thing for the lesser house but if they have Lloth's favor they could win. If beaten all other houses will gather and destroy the lesser house until there was nothing left, no survivors, not even the children. They often send raiding parties above ground on the darkest of nights to raid human and elven settlements. Their raids are not for food or gold or precious items but to murder and butcher and take prisoners to sacrifice to their malicious goddess. 

Moon elves are different. They were a very shy and secretive and peaceful race, much more so than the other races of elves. High elves even enjoyed mingling and often living with humans; which was why most half elven are born from a union of high elves and humans. Moon elves seclude themselves and live in small communities for the most part hidden deep in thick forests although there is a large moon elf city called Silverymoon or rumors of it. No one actually knows if it exists since no one ever found it, just rumors. It was extremely rare to see a moon elf abroad and rarer still to see one in human cities. Most humans and other races would live their entire lives without ever seeing a moon elf. 

Most of what others know of the secretive race is through rumors with other elven races that traded or came in contact with them. It is said they are a cheerful people and can be lighthearted at times but when the need to defend themselves arise they do so with ferocity. Moon elves have a fondness and bond with nature and are rarely disturbed by wild animals and can even form some type of bond and trust with most wild animals. They worship Selûne, the goddess of light, moon, and the stars. Like their drow cousins moon elves love beautiful things such as precious gems but they value nature above any material possessions.

"Wow, Michael was right, you are bigger nerd than the rest of us." Natalie giggled. "The drow sound just dreadful and moon elves delightful."

Jason blushed, "Well, yeah I do like it. But hey, your girlfriend is much a much bigger nerd than me and knows a lot more than I do about this stuff. She could teach you a lot."

"Well she's not my girlfriend anymore." Natalie said as her fingers traced up and down Jason's muscular arm.

Jason cleared his throat, "It's not her fault. If anyone is to blame its Habersham. You should talk to her."

Natalie frowned, "No, I am not going to talk to her." She then smiled up at Jason, "So tell me more. Why do the drow hate moon elves so much?" She said as she snugged close to him once more.

"It's a long story and I don't want to nerd out on you again, but it goes back thousands and thousands of years. The drow lived above ground and in peace with the other elves. The drow worshipped Araushnee while other elven races worshipped Selûne and Corellon Larethian who is the top dog of the elven pantheon and also Araushnee's lover. They had a daughter Eilistraee. Well Araushnee and some of the lesser gods of the pantheon rebelled since they wanted more power and it started the Crown Wars between the drow and moon elves. 

The war lasted hundreds of years but eventually the moon elves won and the drow were banished along with their goddess Araushnee who Corellon cast in the Demon Web pit with the other gods and goddesses who joined her in the war. Eilistraee pleaded for her father to have mercy on her mother but he did not and while Eilistraee sided with her father she swore she would protect any drow who rejected her mother and showed true remorse for their crimes. Well Araushnee being clever soon took control of the Demon Web Pit and was reborn to Lloth and became the Spider Queen. She took her faithful followers and led them deep underground forsaken the surface forever. Few remained and followed Eilistraee but they were not welcome and driven into hiding. Lloth blamed the moon elves and Selûne for their misfortune and therefore the drow did as well so they developed a deep hate for the moon elves."

"So theses gods and goddesses, do you think they are real?"

Jason shrugged, "I don't know, but if you would have told me yesterday that I would be am almost seven foot paladin sitting next to a moon elf who can do real magic I would have said you were nuts and been the first call nine one, one and have you shipped to the looney bin."

Natalie giggled ever so sweet and feminine and pressed even closer to Jason, "So tell me more about you...about paladins. I want to know about you." She said seductively as her hands touched his muscular bare shoulder.

"Well, a paladin is a force of good and honor and justice and believe in law and order. To them there is no gray area; it's either good or evil, which can be a pain in the ass at time I admit. You are an English Lit. major so I am sure you read Mallory's Le Morte d'Arthur so think of Lancelot and Galahad. They would have been paladins; well Lancelot would have been a fallen paladin after his affair with Guinevere."

"So paladins are to allowed to have sex?" Natalie visibly pouted. 

Jason laughed, "They are not monks, but Lancelot's crime was having sex with a married woman who was the king's and his best friend's wife."

"Oh...so what happens if they fall?"

"They lose their favor of whatever god they serve and become just fighters and they lose their special abilities."

Natalie smiled, "Well it's good they can have sex." She teased and her small flirtatious touching became more obvious.

"So what about Christie. She is a drow and they are evil so is she evil?"

"No, there are few drow who reject their home and way of life and make it to the surface. It's hard for them because of the reputation they have, but she is good aligned and is a priestess of Eilistraee. Her followers are few since she limits them to the drow who reject her mother and the other drow gods of the Demon Web Pit and the drow way of life, but there are some temples to her in larger cities. People don't trust them much since they are drow but they are good."

Natalie pressed herself to Jason and made sure her this side larger breasts touched him. The lesson was interesting but she wished he would take the hint and kiss her.

Jason pulled away, "I know what you are doing, Natalie." He said kindly.

"Well about damn time. Gesh I thought I lost my touch for a moment." She smiled seductively, "So shall we sneak away?"

Jason shook his head, "No. I am tempted trust me but no. It's too much drama we don't need. Michael and Christie will be back soon anyway and we need to build a fire and see what all we have in the smaller chests and see if there is food and water."

Jason was not stupid, and yes he knew what the girl was doing and he really was tempted, who wouldn't be, but it would cause all kinds of problems they did not need right now. When they got home if she was still interested he would ask her out then. Yes he knew about her reputation and knew it was true since one of his friends on the football team was having sex with Natalie behind Christie's back but still he thought she was sweet and he was a good looking, popular young man and if she wanted to have sex with him when back home who was he to turn it down. After all he was a young man and easy sex was not something he passed up. But not now, not here.

He stood and held out his hand to help her up as she pouted. Natalie took the man's large hand in her small one and followed him back to the camp. She really did not want to have sex with Jason, true the thought and image in her head of seeing his very muscular and tall body on top of her small, petite one as they had sex her turned her on and she knew she would enjoy it...enjoy it immensely, but she just wanted to feel...feel something. Plus she knew she wanted to get back at Christie and her ignoring her girlfriend was not working so she was going to use what she knew. Sex and manipulation. 

"Maybe I should have been a drow." She said to herself and giggled.

Christie, Lou, and Michael were sorting through the two smaller chests and found blankets, food stuff, water skins but they were empty, several smooth, stone bottles that Lou said contained healing potions, cooking supplies and some pots and pans, some eating utensils, cooking knives...camping stuff, several crude looking tooth brushes and even some soap but not the kind from the other side but what looked like handmade soap. Natalie smelled it and it smelled pleasant and fresh. They also found some small bags of more gold. There was also one crossbow and some bolts for it. Michael and Jason had removed their armor to get more comfortable and put their large weapons aside.

"Well we have food and supplies and there is a clean spring down the hill for fresh water and it spills into a small pond so if anyone wants to bathe before it gets dark now's the chance." Jason said. "If you do don't go alone, we still are not sure what is out here. Bandits or wild animals."

"I doubt bandits," Christie piped in, "Too close to the city, but yeah wild animals maybe. Natalie, if you want to go bathe I will go with you." 

Natalie looked at Christie, "No I am good for now." 

Christie rolled her eyes but let it go. Give her time Michael had told her. She is in shock, hell we all are, he added. 

"No panties and or bras in there by chance?" Natalie asked hopefully.

Lou chuckled, "Sorry no, Natalie."

"I imagine feminine products are hoping for too much also"

"Ewww." Lou replied. "No, none of those."

"Men are so stupid sometimes. Of course he would not think of that." Natalie said. "Please hand me a tooth brush, Lou."

The wizard nodded and tossed her one. Natalie put in in her mouth and slowly rubbed the brushes on her teeth as she listened. 

"He could have sent some guns with us." Michael said as he counted the coins.

"I have actually thought about that and have a theory." Lou added. "I think what does not exist here but exists in our world cannot be sent over or if it is it is transformed into something as close as it can be here. Like if he sent a pistol it would be transformed into a knife or sword or some other type of weapon. Maybe a bow or crossbow or something."

"That makes since. Michael how much gold do we have?" Jason asked.

Michael looked at Christie and once again the drow rolled her eyes. "Michael does not want to be called Michael anymore...least while we are on this side. He wants us to call him his character name Ahira."

"But why? Michael is a good name." Natalie asked.

The dwarf looked at her, "Because Michael was an invalid, a cripple who lost the muscle movement in his legs when he was six and never walked again. He was weak and could not take care of his self. He had to rely on people for so much even to wipe his ass and empty his piss bag." The dwarf's voice started to rise in anger and he took a deep breath and calmed down. "Sorry, but makes me so angry when I think about it. He was grateful to people, like you Jason, but he also saw the pity in their eyes and it made him sad and angry at the same time."

The dwarf flexed his huge bicep, "But here, Ahira is strong and powerful and does not need to rely on people and he can walk or run or hell dance a jig if he wanted. I don't want to be reminded of Michael. When we get home Michael will come back and then I will be him again, but here I am Ahira."

Everyone nodded, "Ok, Ahira. We understand." Jason said.

"We have enough gold to buy some supplies even Lou's materials for a new spell book, to book passage on a ship, and enough for supplies when we get to Athkatla ...of course depending if Habersham was right in how much stuff costs here. Or we could be broke. We won't know until we get into Lund and see what the vendors charge. And of course it's not like going to Kroger; we are going to have to haggle to get the best prices."

"Umph can oo at," Natalie spoke up with the tooth brush in her mouth. "Sorry, I can do that. I am a great bargain shopper and can haggle. Just need someone to go with me to let me know what we need. What is so important about Athkatla? I heard y'all mention that city a lot."

"It's the capitol of Anm and it's the center of civilization in this world." Lou answered her, "Think of ancient Rome, Athens at its height, Paris, London, New York, and D.C all rolled into one. Per Habersham when we played the game they had everything there. Temples to almost all the gods for humans, dwarves, and elves. The city run by a wizard coalition called the Cowled Wizards and they have a magical college and a library that would have made the Library of Alexandria look like a Barnes and Nobles. If we are to find the portal and any information about it, it's in Athkatla or nowhere."

"Ok let's eat, I don't know about the rest of you but I am hungry. Let's see how these dried meats and fruits and vegetables taste." Jason said. "Who wants to go get some water from the stream?"

"I'll go." Christie said and picked up the water skins and looked at Natalie with hope in her eyes the elf girl would join her.

"I'll stay and see about cooking some of this stuff. I am a good cook and maybe with these seasonings we can make it taste decent." Natalie said and started going through the spices and smelling and tasting them.

"I guess that leaves me, Jason, and Lou with doing the dishes afterwards." Ahira chuckled. "I'll start a fire. There was some flint in the chest."
