 Chapter 9 - A Secret Discovered and a Little Hypocrisy 

The friends spent most of the morning topside. Ahira leaning over the ship being seasick, Natalie on the poop deck standing or sitting as she watched the ocean as the men of the ship sometimes took time from their chores to glance at her. Christie walking around at times and watching Natalie trying to gather the courage to talk to the elf and while the men thought she was erotic and beautiful they kept their distance out of fear for the drow. Rain was constantly hovering as close to Jason as she could make excuses to talk to the paladin, and Jason himself working alongside the crew, but Lou kept to himself in the cabin working on his spell book. The paladin seemed to enjoy the day more than the others; he worked alongside the crew, joined in their bawdy and often vulgar humor, and was becoming very likable by the crew members. 

Natalie also noticed the crew kept away from her as well. She could understand why they feared Christie, with all she had learned about the drow race; but she did not understand why they gave her a wide berth when she walked past or the strange looks they gave her. 

"We will have clear weather for the entire journey and smooth seas." Natalie flinched, startled by the dep voice that woke her from her day dream. She smiled up at Captain Samera.

"That's good." She said.

The captain sat down next to her, "You adjust well to the sea. Unlike your dwarf friend." He chuckled.

Natalie smiled, "Poor Ahira...I feel sorry for him. This is not my first time on a ship. My father used to take me and my mother sailing often. I enjoy it."

"Is that what you were thinking about? Your parents?"

Natalie shrugged, "Yes and home."

"Where is home?"

"A very long way from here." Natalie answered. "Where is your home?"

Samera laughed and spread his arms, "Here, my lovely elf. The sea and this ship is my home."

Natalie smiled. She liked the captain. True he was roguish but seemed so full of life and laughed a lot. "Surely you weren't born on this ship...where were you born?"

"I was born in Waterdeep, a bastard son of a prostitute. I was raised in the streets of Waterdeep, signed up to work a merchant ship when I was twelve and I worked hard. The Captain took me under his tutelage, taught me all I knew, was like a father to me, and by the time I was twenty I was his first mate."

"A merchant ship or a pirate ship?" Natalie teased.

"Oh you wound me, good lady." The captain winked, "Aye we did a little piracy I admit but mostly smuggling like I do now. Smuggling is much safer than being a pirate."

Natalie laughed, "So famous like the Dread Pirate Roberts." She teased.

Samera looked at her curiously, "Never heard of him."

Natalie laughed again, "Just a story book pirate. So what happened to this captain who taught you all you know and who was like a father to you?"

Samera smiled and stood up, "He was captain on this very ship...until I killed him and took over. Was not murder mind you, was a fair fight and I had the backing of the crew." He bowed to the elf, "I have prepared lunch for us in the mess for you and your companions and I would be pleased it all of you would join me."

Natalie grinned up at him, "And how much is that going to cost us?"

Captain Samera laughed hard, "Oh you have a fine wit to go with your beauty, I give you that. Gather your friends and join me." He held out his hand, "It's no charge."

Natalie smiled and took his hand and let the captain pull her to her feet. She glanced to her left and saw Christie staring at her and Samera. "Fuck her," Natalie thought, "she has had all damn morning to talk to me but what did she do...complain about being hung over and took a long nap this morning...her and Rain are so lazy!"

The mid-day meal with the Captain Samera was very nice even if his Halfling first mate was there. Lotholi kept looking at the companions as if he wanted to slit their throats and Natalie felt he would have if the captain would have allowed it. All of the friends where there except Ahira, the poor dwarf still had yet to gain his seas legs, and Lou who said he was too busy with the spell book. The food was quite good and the best they had eaten since being transported to this strange and dangerous world. Samera flirted with Natalie which caused Christie to give the captain dirty looks, complimented Jason on his help and interaction with the crew, he even joked that he would have to watch the paladin carefully less the man take over his ship. 

Natalie enjoyed Samera's company and even had to admit to herself she enjoyed his flirtations. Rain came to like the man as he told stories of his sea adventures in humorous ways, true they all knew he exaggerated often but he was a good story teller. The companions dodged questions about themselves such as where they were from, what business did they have in Athkatla and other questions about their lives and while the captain seemed to believe whatever lies they told or did not press the issue when the subject was changed, the friends knew he did not believe them nor did his first mate, but he let it pass. Samera knew too well how to keep secrets of his own and sometimes learning others' secrets could be deadly and while they seemed in good cheer; he knew this group could be dangerous if crossed.

"So what is Athkatla like?" Natalie asked as she sipped her wine.

"Ah the City of Coins, well my friends, ummm...where to start... Athkatla is divided up into eight main districts. The Bridge District, the Temple District; the Government District; the City Gates; the Slums; the Graveyard District; Waukeen's Promenade, which is a large marketplace; and the Docks which is controlled by the Shadow Thieves. Nothing gets in or out of the docks without the Shadow Thieves knowing of it and paying them off. Just about anything is acceptable and can be bought in Athkatla for the right price and actions that would be illegal or immoral in other lands are tolerated. The law permits nearly anything including lewdness and even slavery.

"I heard that the city is controlled by the Cowled Wizards?" Christie asked with a tone of irritation in her voice.

"Why yes, my lovely drow, The Cowled Wizards do play a large part in running the city but they are not the rulers. There is a Council of Six that governs the city, made up of merchants, but the Shadow Thieves play a prominent role on that council. As for the Cowled wizards, well they are tolerated because they protect the city from rogue wizards," the captain looked at Natalie, "It's best if you and your wizard friend refrain from using any magic while in Athkatla. Any use of unlawful magic, which basically means any mage without a license to use magic in the city, is punished by the Cowled Wizards"

"So how do you get a license and punished how?" Jason asked.

"Well you really can't get one...a license. It's just something the Council of Six fabricated to protect against unwanted wizards. As for the crime of unlawful magic, the Cowled Wizards have a prison for such mages...Spellhold. The location is unknown but rumors tell of a horrible asylum where prisoners are subjugated to tortures of both the mind and body."

"Does not sound like a friendly place." Natalie commented.

"Ah quite the contrary, my sweet dove, Athkatla is a grand city and full of excitement and wondrous sites. They are even tolerant to the drow who worship Eilistraee and there is even a small temple of the Dark Maiden in the Temple District."

The group took in all Samera told them of the city. Once lunch was over, the captain excused himself and the friends took the hint that they were to leave. Natalie had gotten sleepy from the wine and decided she would take a nap, Jason wanted to go back to helping the crew, Christie gathered up some of the leftovers to deliver to Lou, and Rain decided she wanted to help Jason. She was becoming quite the seawoman herself and her rogue abilities and agility were perfect for doing some of the tasks on the ship and she enjoyed climbing the mizzen mast and adjusting the sails and even getting in the crow's nest high above the ship. It also gave her an excuse to be close to Jason. 

She had yet to work up her nerve to flirt with the paladin, she actually had no clue how to flirt and tried to observe Natalie's actions when it came to flirting, but the elf girl was so far out of her league that Rain just decided she would ask Natalie for help later.

Natalie woke up from her nap when Rain entered the cabin with a plate of food.

"About time you get up. You missed supper. Was not as nice as the lunch but its good." Rain set the food on the table. "I brought you water, I don't think you need any more wine." She chuckled.

"I know. I did not think I drank that much, but I guess it was stronger than I thought. What time is it... and thank you."

"It's just a little after sundown...you missed the most beautiful sunset. I got to see it from the crow's nest and it was amazing."

Natalie smiled, tossed off her blanket, and sat up. "Well there is always tomorrow night." She ran her hands over her bare legs and made a groaning sound and smelled her arm pits and wrinkled her nose.

"I don't suppose they have a bath on board?" 

"No but you can wash in the basin...there is soap and a cloth. Kind of like just a sponge bath."

"That's better than nothing I guess." Natalie got out of bed and poured some water in a large steel tub on the floor. "It's going to take more water."

"I'll get some. I used it this morning after...well after I woke up from my nap and so did Christie."

The tub was round in shape and large enough to stand and even sit down in provided you sat with your knees to your chest; it was not large enough to lie down in.

Rain came back with two large buckets of water and poured them in the tub. "I will get more so you can rinse yourself also."

"Thank you, you are so sweet, Rain." She smiled at the half self. "Oh umm...those knives...the ones on your belt you put across your chest...the small ones...are they sharp?"

"Very, why?" 

"Cause I need to shave my legs and underarms." Natalie giggled. 

Rain smiled, "I did not even think of that. God I need to get used to this whole girl thing."

Natalie laughed, "Stick with me, kid, and I'll teach you. If well...if you want I will shave them for you...but not your armpits...that's gross."

Rain laughed, "Sure...take your bath first. I'll go get more water for you."

"Cool, and thanks. Hey maybe after we can try out the makeup?"

"Ok." Rain said as she left with the buckets in her hands. "Don't use my boot dagger or the kopi and definitely stay away from the kukri." Rain said.

"Why?" 

"They are magical and the kukri is well...unpleasant if you nick yourself. Use one of my throwing knives...the small ones."

Natalie got one of Rain's small knives and ran it gently over her arm. Rain was right; the knife was sharp, very sharp as it removed the light hairs on the elf's arm. She got the soap and stepped in the tub and flinched at the coldness of the water. Natalie stepped out of the tub and smiled. She made movements with her fingers, said a short magical phrase, and small line of continuous fire ran from her fingers into the water.

"Hey no fair!" Rain said when she entered the cabin. "I had to take a cold one."

Natalie giggled as she looked at the now hot water. "Magic is so cool. It's just a minor cantrip."

Natali removed her clothes and laughed when Rain turned her back, "Gesh, Rain, it's not like you haven't seen a girl naked before...hell you are a girl."

"I'll just step outside. Holler if you need anything." 

Natalie shrugged and used the soap on her legs and shaved them then her underarms and even considered shaving her pubic area but decided against it. Using a razor was one thing but a knife she may cut herself. She then sat down in the tub on her knees and washed her body and her hair. When she was done she dried off, put on a cloth shirt and her undergarment and then told the half elf it was safe to come on.

Natalie had Rain take off her pants and with Rain standing in the tub she soaped up her left leg and took the short throwing knife and brought it to Rain's skin.

"Don't cut me." Rain said in a worried voice.

"I won't. I did myself and not even a nick." Natalie assured her.

Natalie expertly shaved her left leg and then her right one and good to her promise did not cut the other girl. As Natalie was rinsing Rain's leg she ran her hand up it caressingly.

"You have great legs. Firm and tone but very feminine looking also and a nice natural tan." Natalie commented as she traced down the half elf's leg with her fingers.

Rain blushed, not at the compliment but because Natalie's touch had aroused her and she saw Natalie had noticed.

"It's ok, Rain. I like it." Natalie ran her hand up Rains inner thigh and came close to her erect penis that shown through her underwear.

"Stop, Natalie. Please...I...I don't want to do this." Rain asked in a weak voice.

Natalie giggled, "Seems like you do." Her hand came close to touching the girl's penis and Rain pushed it away.

"No I don't. I am serious. Just stop it." Rain told her and stepped out of the tub.

Natalie stood up quickly, picked up a large bowl full of water she was using to rinse the half elf's legs, and walked to the table. She put the bowl on the table and sighed loudly.

"Fuck! What does it take to get laid on this side!" She screamed in frustration and directed her anger at Rain.

"Well at least everyone does not want to fuck you like they do me!" Rain snapped back without realizing what she said.

"Oh aren't you Miss. Popular. So what Derrick tried to fuck you on your little trip to Lund?" Natalie sneered as she turned. "He would fuck anything so I wouldn't be so full of myself if he wanted to fuck you."

"Don't say that! Don't ever talk about that night!" Rain screamed at her. "No he did not try anything and I would not if he had, but don't you ever talk about him like that again! He was my friend! Plus you would know all about who Derrick would fuck."

Natalie folded her arms over her chest feeling no remorse for her comments about Derrick, "Well if not him then who? I mean all you did yesterday was stay in the room with Christie and I..." Natalie's jaw dropped as she put it all together, "You fucking bitch!" 

Natalie turned, picked up the bowl of water, and threw it at Rain, who quickly dodged the object flying at her face. The bowl hit the wall behind her and shattered as water went spilling out.

"You fucked my girlfriend!" Natalie screamed, "You fucking bitch!"

"Natalie, calm down...it...I am sorry...it just happened." Rain tried to explain.

"Just happened? Don't give me that line of crap! It does not just happen; I know that for a fact!" Natalie screamed and picked up the knife on the table she used to shave with. 

"Put the knife down, Natalie. Seriously what do you think you are going to do with that anyway? Stab Rain?" A female voice told her.

Natalie looked at the cabin door and saw Christie standing there. 

"I am sorry, Christie, it just slipped out." Rain told the drow and Christie smiled at her.

"It's ok. She has a right to know actually."

"You...you...slut! How could you? You...you are my girlfriend! How could you fuck her?" Natalie screamed and tears ran down her face.

Christie gave a short harsh laugh, "You girlfriend? I have not been your girlfriend since we came here, something you have made very clear. As for why...I wanted to and I enjoyed it a lot. So much we fucked again this morning."

"Christie, that's enough! No need to be mean. We need to talk about this...all three of us." Rain pleaded.

"Enough! No it's not even close to enough. She's the fucking hypocrite! Calling me a slut after the things she has done even before we came to this side." Christie turned to Natalie who was still crying. "Oh yes, I know all about you cheating on me and about how you tried to seduce Jason the first night we were here so don't call me a slut and don't you dare take this out on Rain!"

Natalie looked up at the drow, "Fuck you, Christie, we are done...finished!"

Christie smiled cruelly, "Good, I am glad. Now I can stop worrying about getting myself tested for STD's when I get back after all the people you fucked behind my back. You should drop out of college and become a porn star when we get home. More money in making adult films than anything you can do with an English Lit. degree anyway. You could be the next big gang bang porn star."

"Christie!" Rain shouted at her and looked over at Natalie when she heard the elf girl scream.

"Don't! Don't ever fucking call me a porn star again!" 

Natalie's screamed the words and they were full of anger, but Rain picked up on something else in the elf's voice. Her screaming of the words were also more deep...more emotional. 

Natalie was crying and the last words the drow spoke to her really set her off emotionally and she quickly searched her mind and started moving her arms and hands and started uttering words of a spell.

"Natalie, stop!" Rain yelled. Rain's rogue abilities took over and she acted quickly. 

She ran to the elf and wrapped her arms around her to pin her arms to her sides and then brought one hand up and covered Natalie's mouth to prevent her from casting the spell. Natalie struggled and twisted her body and finally she bit down on Rain's hand hard enough to draw blood. Rain yelped in pain and her hand came off the elf's mouth.

"Let me go! Let me go, Rain, or I swear to God I will use a spell on you also!" Natalie struggled.

Rain held her tight, "No...not until you calm down."

"What the hell is going on in here?" A male voice boomed out. "Christie put that mace down now!"

Natalie stopped struggling and Rain let her go but kept an eye on her. They both looked at Christie who held her mace with the monstrous demon head and then at Jason, who had heard the yelling and rushed into the cabin. He had his large sword in his hand.

"I'll put it down if she promises not to try and cast another spell." Christie said as she looked into Natalie's eyes. 

The look in the drow's eyes made Natalie flinch and she nodded as she wiped the tears from her eyes. "I...I won't, but the hell if I am sleeping in this cabin with the two of you." 

Natalie stormed out of the cabin and went topside as Christie and Rain told Jason what happened.

"Really? The two of you?" He asked and Rain blushed again, "I thought you were gay...well her I guess I mean straight since you are a female here."

"I don't know what I am, but I do know we fucked up, Christie. What we did was wrong and she is hurt bad and what you said to her...God that was beyond cruel."

Christie smiled a little, "Yeah but she deserved it. She needs to know that I know all about her cheating on me. I may have went too far I admit but it kind of felt good to be a bitch."

Jason looked at Christie and shook his head, "Well whatever is going on between you two...you three fucking fix it! I don't care if you and her are together or not but I need you...we all need you to fix it if we are going to get home. I don't give a shit if the two of you ever speak to one another again as long as I know we can count on you if we run into any trouble. So far we have been rather lucky," Jason looked at Rain, "Yes, Rain, we have been. I know Derrick's dying hit you hard...it did me as well. He was my friend also. But we have been lucky no one else has died. This morning could have been a disaster for us and gotten us all killed and from what I know of Athkatla it can be a very dangerous place if you are not careful so you three get your drama under control." Christie and Rain nodded.

"Was she really going to cast a spell?" Jason asked.
