 Chapter 10 - Personal Negotiations and the Morning After.

Natalie stood on the quarterdeck, wiped her eyes, and ignored the helmsman as he steered the ship and glanced her way from time to time. It was after sunset and the sky was clear and the elf looked up at the stars. Back home she could name every constellation and just by the stars know what direction she sailed, but here it was so different and the constellations were unfamiliar. Natalie had been sailing since she was three and her father taught her everything he knew, which was extensive. 

Natalie grew up in Savannah, Georgia and she grew up privileged. Her family came from money as well as Old South Aristocracy and her father loved to sail and was certified as a Master Sailor both in the United States and Internationally. It was nothing for him to take his wife and daughter on a three or four day sailing voyage down the coast to Florida or up to the Carolinas on his thirty four foot, two cabin sail boat. While on those trips or just out for the day Natalie's father taught her all about sailing and boating and how to use the stars as navigation.

"Here it's getting chilly out." Natalie jumped at the voice and then smiled up at Jason as he put a blanket around her. She had left the cabin in such a state of anguish she had stormed out in just a shirt and the undergarment.

"Thank you." 

"No worries. If you want you can sleep in our cabin tonight. Ahira is still seasick but at least stopped vomiting and I can sleep on the floor so you can have the bed to yourself."

"That's kind, but I may sleep up here tonight. It's a nice evening."

"Ok." Jason told her. "I won't give you the same lecture I gave Rain and Christie but I think you know what it was."

Natalie nodded, "I know...I will try...least until we get home."

"Good." The paladin said and walked away and then stopped and turned his head, "Were you really going to use a spell on her?"

Natalie grinned at him, "Yes but just my polymorph spell. I was going to turn her into a goat...it would have only lasted a few hours."

Jason walked away laughing. 

Natalie looked at the stars and strange constellations for a while and shivered. It was getting colder than she thought and sleeping on deck no longer seemed like a good choice. She turned to face the ship, smiled at the helmsman who smiled back but quickly adverted his gaze from her, which she thought was odd. Per Captain Samera this crew was made up of some of the hardest men on the seas and could even be vicious and cruel if needed, but all day the crew avoided her. Yes they looked at her with lust and when she tried to strike up a friendly conversation with a few of them they were polite but quickly made excuses not to talk to her. She expected that with Christie; from what she was learning about the drow their reputation was well deserved, but she was a moon elf not a drow. Natalie shrugged and was about to take Jason up on his offer to sleep in their cabin when she noticed the light from a window under the poop deck coming from the captain's cabin. She smiled.

"Well Jason rejected me, Rain does not want me, Christie obviously hates me, but I know of at least one person on this ship who would enjoy my company." She muttered to herself and walked to Samera's cabin.

Natalie knocked on the door and it was soon opened by the captain. He was naked from the waist up and was barefoot. Natalie took in the view of his muscular chest and arms and liked what she saw. Samera smiled at her.

"What do I owe the pleasure of this visit, my lovely elf?"

Natalie smiled back, "I was...I could not sleep and saw the light from your cabin and figured you were awake and thought maybe we could share some wine...to help me sleep."

"Of course, I was finished with my business for the day." The captain stepped aside to let Natalie into his cabin.

Natalie looked around and thought the cabin was very spacious and well decorated. There was a large bed, a sofa, a desk with a large elaborate chair behind it and another smaller chair in front of the desk. There was a large wooden wardrobe closet and two other smaller cabinets. Natalie frowned when she saw the first mate Lotholi sitting on the small chair in front of the desk. He was holding ledger books in his hand.

"We are done for the night, Lotholi. Make sure you divide the crew's shares of our cargo and the extra gold we made from our passengers fairly."

The Halfling stood up, "Aye, captain, don't I always." He did not take his eyes off Natalie and the way he looked at her frightened her a little.

She was used to men and even women looking at her with desire and lust in their eyes, but the first mate looked at her with disapproval and even murder with his cruel eyes. He got up and left the cabin without another word.

"That one scares me." Natalie admitted.

Samera laughed and motioned for Natalie to sit on the sofa, "I would tell you he is harmless, but that would be a lie. But you don't need to fear him. He knows to obey me and not to cross me." 

Samera put on a white shirt and walked to table and opened a small vial, pourer a few drops of the contents of the liquid on his hands, and then rinsed them in a bowl of water. Natalie could smell the liquid even from where she was sitting and it was a very pleasant exotic scent.

"That smells good," She said and stood up letting her blanket drop to the floor and walked over to the table and picked up the vial and smelled the contents.

"Soap?"

The captain did not answer her right away but took the time to gaze at the elf. All she was wearing were her short underwear and her peasant top that came down to only her midriff right above her belly button. Natalie had not put on her linen bra after her bath and her breasts could be seen through the material of the thin cloth of her top and her nipples were erect. The elf seemed oblivious to how she was dressed and the eyes of Samera.

"No, it's oil from the altheas plant. Very common. I like its scent and even through it dissolve in water the scent remains on the skin. Here...hold out your hand."

Samera poured a few drops on Natalie's hand and the girl rubbed her fingers together and indeed it was a slick oily sensation. She then washed her hands and smelled them and the scent remained.

"I like that." She told the captain.

"Like I said it's very common and I will have a few vials sent with you when you depart."

Natalie smiled, "Thank you." And she walked back to the sofa as Samera's eyes focused on her butt.

The captain opened one of the smaller cabinets and removed a glass pitcher of red wine and two glasses. The captain poured wine into the glasses and walked to Natalie and handed her one and then sat down next to her on the sofa; the sofa was more like a love seat so the man was close to Natalie.

Natalie took a small sip of the wine, she really did not want it but it was an excuse. She sat the her glass down on the small table in front of the sofa and brought he legs up beneath her butt as she turned her body to face the captain. The short undergarment rode up even further and exposed more of her upper thighs.

"So why is he your first mate?" She asked bringing the conversation back to the first mate.

The captain shrugged, "The crew voted him to be after my previous one was killed in a tavern brawl in Baulder's Gate. He has a way with numbers and figures and while he would not hesitate to slit someone's throat he has always been fair with the crew."

"You don't fear him well...leading a mutiny like you did to get the ship?" Natalie teased.

Samera laughed, "Oh no, my beauty, the crew is very loyal to me. I pay them well and they know they could not get a better percentage of the profits from our cargo on any other ship. Plus Lotholi is not a leader. A murderer and cold hearted bastard yes, but not a leader and the crew would never follow him."

Samera took a large swallow of his wine, "You do not like the wine? It's one of the best I have on board." He said as he noticed Natalie did not drink anymore.

Natalie smiled, "I really did not want any wine."

"Oh and what brings you to my cabin this hour of night? I can't imagine it's to discuss Lotholi or the politics of my crew and if you wanted conversation you have your friends and drow lover."

Natalie looked shocked for a moment but then recovered, "Why would you think she is my lover?"

Samera laughed, "The way she looks at you and the way she looks at me when I compliment your beauty."

Natalie giggled, "Well in truth her and I do have a past that included us being lovers but that's over with."

The captain smiled, "So back to my question...what brings you here at this hour?"

Natalie shrugged, "I want to know why the crew avoids me." 

Samera chuckled, "They are afraid of you."

Natalie's eyes grew wide, "Afraid of me? Why? I can see why they are afraid of Christie...even if she is harmless...her being a drow but why me?"

The captain shrugged, "Sailors are a superstitious lot. The witnessed you little display of magic this morning and then you are a moon elf, something they have never seen before, and they think you are a dryad witch and you have the power to charm them and control them. Silly I know, but like I mentioned, they are a superstitious lot and only a few of them have ever seen a moon elf and I suspect none have ever seen a drow as well, but drow are not as much of a mystery. Everyone knows the drow are cruel, murderous bastards. But I know you did not come here to ask me that. So once more, why come to my cabin?"

Natalie grinned, "I thought maybe we could re-negotiate the deal you made with Ahira."

"Ah...well it was a fair bargain...true I may have over charged but after all you did bring your half elf on board who is wanted to murder...innocent or not. I don't like to be lied to when it comes to the safety of my crew and ship so let's call the extra gold I charged a tax for putting my ship and crew in danger."

Natalie nodded, "Yes we are sorry for that, but ummm...let's maybe try to be reasonable and negotiate a better deal."

"I am always open to negotiating; what do you have in mind?"

Natalie moved and before the captain had time to put down his wine glass the elf was straddling him and her face was close to his. She moved her hips just a little to tease the man.

"If I remember, the deal was three hundred gold or me in your cabin at night. So here I am so let's say one hundred gold for tonight and if we both find pleasure in it another hundred for each night I join you."

Natalie leaned in and kissed Samera. She parted her lips and allowed his tongue to enter her mouth as she did the same with hers in his mouth. They kissed hard and passionate and Natalie started moving her hips slowly over the captain's pelvis area and she could tell he was aroused as his erection pressed into her. She made little soft moans as they kissed and then she felt Samera moves his hands up to her butt and she broke the kiss and slapped his hands way.

"No, we are still negotiating. You have not agreed to my offer yet." She teased and kissed his nose.

Samera grinned, "So true, a hundred gold is a lot. I don't know of a woman alive worth a hundred gold a night...maybe one of the Seven Sisters, but even then I would balk at the price."

"But that is what you offered earlier." Natalie protested.

"I was caught up in the excitement. Let's say ummm...thirty gold and that's still more than any of the high priced courtesans of Athkatla receives."

Natalie shook her head and started untying the draw string on the captain's shirt. She then helped him pull it off and started kissing his chest and nipples and once more moved her hips against him.

"One hundred." She whispered as she moved her body down and kissed and licked down the man's muscular abdomen. 

"Ummm...forty?" He counter offered.

Natalie got down on her knees in front of him and stated kissing his erect penis through the silk material of his breeches. She looked up and smiled.

"One hundred."

He grinned at her and moved his hand to place on the back of her head but the elf moved quickly and shook her head.

"One hundred." She repeated.

"Seventy five." Samera again counter offered.

Natalie smiled and untied the breeches and pulled them down to expose the captain's erect cock. 

"Oh my." She gasped a little at the size. It was a good ten inches long and very wide. She parted her lips as wide as she could and took him in her mouth; just the head and used her tongue on the cock head while it was in her mouth. She made circling motions with her tongue and Samera moaned in pleasure. Natalie removed her mouth form his penis and looked up at the captain and smiled.

"One hundred and I finish what I started and you can finish in my mouth and then after you can have me any way you want...and I mean anyway...for the entire night."

The captain smiled, "One hundred it is." He placed his hand on Natalie's head and pushed her down to his large erect cock. 

Natalie took Samera's large cock back in her mouth; this time taking him all the way down her throat. She struggled a little due to his size and coughed and gagged some but she deep throated him until her lips were pressed against the captain's pubic area. Samera held her head down until saliva poured from her mouth, her eyes became watery, and she placed her hands on his thighs and try to push away. He finally let her up and Natalie removed her mouth and coughed and gagged for air but she enjoyed it this way and being treated as such turned her on. After she caught her breath she once more took him in her mouth. Natalie gave the captain a blow job until he came in her small mouth and she swallowed as much of the warm thick fluid as she could. Samera came a lot and some of it ran down the side of Natalie's mouth. When he was finished the elf swallowed the cum still in her mouth, ran her fingers over the corner of her lips to gather the cum that leaked out, licked them clean, and looked up at the captain and smiled.

"By, Talos, that was better than priestess of Sharess."

"Sharess?" Natalie asked as she stood up and once again straddled the captain.

Samera chuckled as the elf started kissing his neck and running her small, delicate hands over his broad, muscular chest.

"The goddess of passion and hedonism and sexual fulfillment." He told her as his large hands moved down and cupped Natalie's small butt.

"Umm...I think I would like her." She whispered in his ear.

"Ah her temples are large feast halls and her priests and priestess host wonderful gatherings that indulge every sexual pleasure imaginable. There is one of her temples in Athkatla maybe I will take you to."

Natalie smiled, "Umm sounds very enjoyable." She kissed his lips hard and whimpered softly as his hands grasped her butt.

Samera stood up still holding Natalie and she wrapped her legs around him and gave an impish squeal of delight as he carried her to the bed. The captain playfully tossed Natalie on the bed.

"Remove you cloths, my sweet." He told the elf and walked to his small cabinet. 

Natalie hurriedly removed her clothes as her eyes followed the captain. He pulled another small vial from the cabinet; this one filled with a red liquid, and handed it to Natalie.

"Drink it, it's a potion for the temple of Sharess. It will prevent you from getting with child."

Natalie smiled and was glad he thought of some form of birth control and drank the potion. She gagged a little and wrinkled her nose, "That was awful." She giggled.

Samera chuckled, "Yes but worth it. Her priests also have potions and healing skills to prevent and cure any type of pox one may get."

Natalie nodded and turned over on her side and prompted her head up with her hand to watch the man remove the rest of his clothes. She thought he had a great body, very muscular bit not overly so and his skin was the color of coffee with a splash of cream. The captain's chest was as hairless as his head and Natalie suspected he shaved his chest as he did his head. Natalie enjoyed watching her lovers undress and she imagined how his large body would look on top of her small one as they had sex and how his dark skin would contrast with her alabaster complexion tinted slightly with the soft icy blue color of her elf race. Her nipples were erect with excitement and her pussy was wet. She wanted to feel the man's large penis inside her. The captain smiled at the elf and moved to the bed, lay down next to her and started to kiss Natalie.

Natalie moaned in pleasure as he kissed her and she entwined her small leg over his and pressed against him. She gasped out loudly when his lips covered her one of her nipples and thrust her pelvis against him and felt he was erect once more. She wanted him inside her very bad, but Samera had other ideas and rolled the elf onto her back.

Natalie spread her legs apart and Samera put his body between her spread legs and kissed her neck ad her hands roamed over his muscular back. The captain kissed her neck and worked his way down further as Natalie moaned with pleasure and she gasped in delight when the man kissed and sucked her nipples once more.

"Please...ohhh God...please, Samera, put it in me...ohhhh please." Natalie moaned out in a pleading voice.

The captain took his mouth off of her hard, pink nipple and smiled up at her, "In good time, my sweet elf. A hundred gold has bought me many ways to enjoy your lovely body."

Natalie moaned out again as he sucked her nipple and kissed his way down her stomach and she placed her hands on his head. Samera cupped both of her small butt cheeks in one of his large hands Natalie's light grip on his head tightened when he inserted a finger in her wet sex.

"Ohhhh...ohhhhh fuck! Ohhhh God." She cried out in English.

"It's small and tight, we need to loosen you up if you are going to take me inside you." Samera commented, "And so wet. Maybe I should have waited to negotiate a better deal. It seems I could have gotten a better price as aroused as you are." He chuckled and made Natalie scream out again as he put a second finger inside her.

As her fingered her wet pussy, the captain places his mouth over her pussy and his tongue expertly found her clit causing the elf to release her grip on his head and place her hands to her side gripping the bed sheets tight. Natalie gave loud moans and whimpers of bliss as Samera worked her pussy with his hands and mouth and it was not long before she orgasmed. As she came, Natalie's muscles clinched and her hips thrust up into the captain's mouth and she screamed out the blissful satisfaction of her orgasm. Natalie's orgasm lasted for several seconds and when her body relaxed she lay on her back panting.

"Oh, fuck." She sighed out softly, "That was...was...great." 

Samera grinned as he moved his body back on top of her and kissed her. Natalie kissed him back hard and licked his lips to taste herself. The captain broke the kiss and looked down at her and smiled.

"I am going to give you want you begged for now. I can be gentle but I must warn you I do enjoy it more...shall we say aggressively once we get started."

Natalie kissed his neck and ran her tongue over his ear, "You did pay a hundred gold and I did agree to let you take me anyway you want." She giggled in his ear.

Natalie was glad he enjoyed it more physical. She enjoyed gentle and passionate sex a great deal but once things got started she wanted it more vigorous. On the other side she had lovers that mistook her innocent looks and petite body as frail and they were gentle all the time when they had sex with her, and she while her body enjoyed it and she had orgasms she wanted to be fucked and fucked hard at times.

Samera moved his hand down to Natalie's butt, grasped the back of her upper thigh of her right leg, and lifted it slightly. Natalie felt his hard cock press against her wet pussy and Samera pushed himself into her slowly. Natalie gasped out at the sharp pain of him first entering her as she clinched his back. The size of him made it hurt slightly but she did not mind, the pleasure she felt of him going inside her was greater than the slight pain if caused. Once he was all the way inside her, Samera pushed even deeper and Natalie cried out as she felt his cock hit her cervix. She enjoyed that feeling a great deal. Samera held himself deep inside of her and kissed her for several moments before he started to fuck her.
