 Chapter 12 - The High Priestess and the Sword Dance 

The city of Athkatla was one of the largest cities on the Sword Coast. Referred to as the City of Coin, Athkatla is dedicated to the goddess Waukeen, the goddess of wealth and trade both fair and illicit. As Christie made her way the Temple District she saw that Samera had been right, in the city you could purchase anything. She saw many shops and vendors selling everything she could imagine from magical items to slaves being displayed, poked, prodded, as they stood naked in a slave auction. She turned her head in disgust at the slave auction but giggled when she walked through the Bridge District and saw a store that actually sold sex objects. It took her over an hour to make it to the Temple District and the drow decided on the way back to meet her companions she would pay and use one of the rickshaw looking taxi's she had passed.

The Temple District was unlike the other parts of the city. The docks were dirty and smelled of fish, the slums smelled of rotting garbage, human waste, and other foul scents, Waukeen's Promenade and the Bride District were much cleaner with aqueducts for the bath houses and inns to provide actual running water, but the Temple District by far the cleanest part of the city, the largest, and the least populated. This area not only housed the temples to different deities but also where the wealthy and the nobles lived. Slaves cleaned the streets of any trash, aqueducts made the sewage and water flow constantly, and the elaborate marble and stone mansions had guards at the gates. The temples were magnificent and beautiful and reminded Christie the way Catholics lavishly decorated their churches when Natalie took her home to Savannah one weekend to visit and meet her parents and that Sunday she went with them to St. John's The Baptist Cathedral. She saw temples dedicated to Selûne, Mystra, Lathander, Torm, Tyr, and many others. Christie got a glimpse of the spiral twin towers of the famous library; the ivory white towers loomed over any other building in the city. 

The people in the Temple District were different as well. She saw nobles walking about in dress finery, ornate litters being carried by slaves, armored body guards, and slaves obeying the wishes and whims of their masters. There were no beggars in the streets. The nobles who saw her looked at her with distain even the children, the city guards and personal body guards with distrust and some of the slaves who dared raise their eyes to look upon a free person with a hint of hope. Eilistraee was well known for her loathing of slavery, which was highly practiced by the drow of the Underdark. 

While she made her way to the temple of Eilistraee she noticed people staring at her, several dirty looks, even some men spitting on the ground in front of them as she walked by but no one harassed her. She asked one of the city guards where the temple of the good drow goddess was and he gave her directions but was very rude about it.

The Temple of Eilistraee was small, much smaller than the other temples and plainer looking. It was made of white stone but no elaborate columns or ornate carvings on the outside. Standing at the black wrought iron gate were two temple guards, one drow male and one half elf male, and when Christie passed they stood at attention and did not stop and question her. She thought that odd at first but then remembered she was in her full priestess outfit and it has not only the holy symbol of Eilistraee on the chest of her mail but under it the symbol of a Darksong Knight, one of the orders' of Eilistraee. 

Darksong Knights were composed entirely of crusaders and warrior/priests, each members of this order chose to devote her life not only to the furthering of the Dark Maiden's ethos, but also to the destruction of the Abyss-spawned yochlol, also known as the handmaidens of Lolth. Darksong Knights were trained in the use of their priest spells as well as highly trained in melee combat.

It was rare for the followers of the Dark Maiden to build a temple in a city, preferring their places of worship to be built in caverns and woodland area's close to entrances to the Underdark, but the ruling Council in Athkatla invited the followers of Eilistraee to build a temple there, possibly more for greed than goodwill. Drow weapons and armor were highly sought after by surface dwelling merchants who could sell the items for a huge profit. 

Christie entered the temple and found it empty so she had a chance to look around the sanctuary area without being interrupted. The interior was as plain as the exterior. There were some pews of black wood, two large windows; one of each side that were stained glass. The one of the right showed Eilistraee leading the drow who did not turn to Lolth out of the Underdark and the left one showed an image of Eilistraee battling Lolth's Champion Selvetarm. At the end of the aisle was a large statue carved from a solid black marble. The image was of a very beautiful drow naked female whose long white silver hair flowed over her body to cover her breasts and down her mid-section to cover her sex and down to her feet. Christie walked to the image of Eilistraee and kneeled.

"I don't know how to this...to pray." She said aloud to the statue. "I don't even know if you are real, but I am asking for your help...I...we are going to my healing powers if we are going to get home." She looked up at the face of the statue. "I am asking for you to help us. I am begging for you to help us..."

"Good evening, sister." A voice from behind Christie startled her and for half a second she thought it was Eilistraee.

Christie stood up and turned and walking to her was a high priestess of the Dark maiden. Christie knew it was a high priestess by her clothes and the holy symbol of her goddess showed her to be a Moon Singer of Eilistraee. The drow female wore a white diaphanous gown that came down to her feet and was trimmed in gold. Her white hair was flowing free and long. As she came closer Christie could tell she was older; still beautiful as drow females are but she could see the slight wrinkles in her face and her hair had blonde hues, a sign of age for a drow.

"Forgive me, Mistress, I thought I was alone." Christie told her. 

Drow were her favorite race in the game world and she obsessively read all she could about them in the books so she knew their culture and how to address a high priestess of Eilistraee and Lolth as well as the other gods and goddess in the drow pantheon.

The older drow hugged Christie and kissed her cheeks, "You were alone, sister, until I showed up." She smiled. "I am Sinafey, High Priestess of this temple to our Lady." She smiled and winked, "In this awful city."

Christie smiled, "I am Vierna, Mistress."

"And a Darksong Knight as well. I am honored to have you here. We get so few of our sisters here in this city to visit. So what brings you to Athkatla?"

Christie decided to be truthful, well as truthful as she could. "My companions and I are just passing through. We are on...well a quest one may say."

"Oh? You should have brought them here. All drow that have turned from Lolth and the other deities of the Demonweb are welcome here."

"My companions are not drow. One is a human paladin of Tyr, another human wizard, a dwarf, a half elf, and a moon elf mage."

"Well they would have been welcome. We follow Lady Eilistraee's teachings here even if the city is shameless. All are welcome here in the Dark Maiden's Temple regardless of race as long as they do not bring evil to us."

"Yes, Mistress, but this is something I needed to do alone."

The older drow gave Christie a curious look and then placed her hand gently on her shoulder, "What troubles you, sister?"

Christie sighed, "I... Eilistraee does not answer my prayers. I tried to heal one of my companions several days ago and nothing happened. I...I don't think I have faith."

Sinafey frowned, "Come and sit with me for a moment." 

The high priestess led Christie to the pews and they sat down in the first row. She took the younger drow's hand I hers and gave Christie a kind smile.

"Faith...that's a hard thing to have I agree and once you lose it may be hard to get back. Tell me, do you feel our Dark Lady abandoned you?"

Christie shook her head, "Yes...No...she...I don't know...I don't know if I ever believed?"

"Were you born on the service or did you escape from the Underdark?"

I was born in the Underdark and raised as a priestess of Lolth."

"Ummm...tell me what city do you come from? Your house?"

"Chad Nessad, House De'vir, Fourth House."

"Yes a large city highly devoted to Lolth. I myself am from Menzoberranzan, First Daughter of House Oblodra, Third House. I graduated top of my class at Lolth's academy of Arach-Tinilith and was in high favor of the Spider Queen. I could have killed my mother and became the Matron of a very powerful house, but instead I found Eilistraee and here I am. I can understand the power the Spider Queen has over her followers. So you still feel her pull?"

"Sometimes...once I did a few days ago when one of my companions angered me. But I despise and hate what she stands for." 

"And do you believe in the teachings of the Dark Maiden?"

Christie sighed. She knew all there was to know about Eilistraee and her followers, about Lolth and the drow but then it was just a game, but now it's all too real. She thought hard and recalled her characters background when she started to learn the teachings of Eilistraee and her priestess training. She recalled the ethos and teachings. Eilistraee's teachings described how her followers were to treat other races and help others, burial ceremonies, to repay violence with swift violence and justice, and much more but most important for the followers of the Dark Maiden was how they were to try and encourage all drow to return to the surface. When meeting other drow, when they are not working evil on others, are to be given the message of Eilistraee.

"Yes."

"Well that is the first step, sister. We followers of Eilistraee try and promote harmony with other races on the surface and your companions not being drow is a good sign that you are practicing that teaching. Are you close to them?"

"Yes, Mistress...I mean at...well we have gotten very close lately more so than before. I...I think now they would be considered my best friends. I..." Christie blushed, "I am actually in love with the moon elf mage, Natalie. But...well...we are at odds right now and she is ummm...rather promiscuous." 

Sinafey smiled, "Well Eilistraee does not teach chastity or monogamy, but if you want her back then remember you are drow and more importantly you are a female drow...we take what we won't." Both of them laughed. "Don't fret over your faith, sister, Eilistraee will answer your prayers when you need her, of that I am sure."

Christie enjoyed talking to the older high priestess. She was very motherly and kind and she felt she could open up to her like she did with her own mother. 

"Thank you, Mistress." Christie said as she stood up. "I must get back to my friends now."

"Nonsense. It will be dark soon and you don't want to travel the streets of this city at night. You will stay here for the night. I will send word to your friends."

Christie nodded and gave Sinafey the name of her companions and what inn they were staying at. The high priestess led her to an empty room and after she left a maid, a young acolyte in training, came in with a dress for Christie to wear.

"We are having a feast tonight and would be honored for you to join us, Mistress." The young female drow told her.

Christie smiled and thanked her. The young girl looked to be about one hundred in drow years, which was comparable to about fifteen in human years. She was a very lovely young drow.

"How long have you been away from the Underdark?" 

The girl smiled, "Oh I was born on the surface, Mistress. I was raised a follower of Eilistraee. I was blessed that I never had to be exposed to the way of our dark kin. I will fetch some water so you may bathe as well. Is there anything else you need?"

Christie shook her head and the maid left and returned later with three more young acolytes who carried both hot and cold water in buckets. They filled the tub for Christie as the first young drow helped her remove her clothes the other three went to get more water. Christie blushed and covered herself with her hands and the young girl giggled. Drow were not known for modesty and the females wore revealing clothes in their daily lives. All drow, both living in the Underdark and their kin who turned form the worship of Lolth and follow Eilistraee or even some of the other surface elves deities highly prized physical beauty whether it was magnificently crafted items or buildings or the form of a beautiful body. To the drow beauty was not something to hide but Christie was not of this world so she used her hands to cover her breasts and pubic area until she stepped in the warm tub and lay down. She then turned her head as the young acolyte started to bathe her.

It only took a few moments for Christie to relax and she started to enjoy the pampering as the young drow unbraided her hair and washed it. While she was washed the young girl, whose name Christie learned was Tlueindra, asked her many questions about her adventures. Christie answered her with tales from her campaigns she and her friends had played when they played the game on the other side. They seemed to impress Tlueindra. After her bath the young drow dried her off and Christie sat naked as the girl braided her hair. She got the impression that Tlueindra was flirting. 

The feast hall was as large as the sanctuary and in the center was a long table that sat ten on each side. At the head of the table sat the Sinafey but other than that there seemed no order in the seating based on rank. Around the table were four other priestess, two other acolytes, some drow males Christie assumed were temple guards, two human males, a male and female high elf, and half elf male. While the Dark Maiden reserved her priesthood for drow females only her followers were made up of any race willing to serve her. One of the goddess's teachings was to promote harmony between the drow and the other surface races. In the far left corner of the room were musicians playing a variety of instruments, wind instruments, string instruments, and a percussion instrument. Eilistraee and her followers highly enjoyed music, song, and dance. A lot of the goddess's rituals involved music and dancing. Sinafey motioned for Christie to take the seat to her right.

"I hope Tlueindra treated you well?" The older drow asked Christie with a knowing smile and a wink.

"Yes she is a very sweet girl."

"Good, she is my daughter and in training to be a Sword Dancer. She is almost ready to take her vows to become a priestess and only has one more test to pass. She wanted to meet you. She never met a Darksong Knight before and I think she is a little infatuated with you."

Christie looked across the table at the young drow girl who smiled at her and giggled as she whispered something to another young acolyte to her left causing the other drow to giggle as well. Tlueindra was very pretty, Christie had to admit. She was young and her body beginning the verge of young womanhood. 

The feast was wonderful; the food delicious with different meats, fruits, vegetables, and sweet cakes; and Christie felt guilty she did not allow Natalie or her companions to join her. They needed a night such as this to relax and enjoy themselves. The music was very pleasing to listen to and people laughed and told jokes and asked Christie about her life and adventures and she really enjoyed herself.

Hours after she joined the feast, Sinafey stood and excused herself but told the others to continue in their revelry. The priestess and acolytes also stood and the high priestess leaned down and whispered to Christie.

"Come, sister." 

Christie nodded and stood and followed the other drow from the feast hall. They exited from a door in the back of the room that opened into an open air courtyard. The grass was green and immaculate as were the assortment of flowers and a large tree that had silver bark and bloomed with white blossoms. In the middle of the courtyard in an open space was a large black rock that formed a needle point at the tip and next to it was a sword that had been thrust in the ground point first and around that sword were other swords laying on the ground in a circle with their tips pointed to the sword coming from the grassy ground. Christie somehow knew or it was more Vierna that knew the rock was a Ladystone. Sinafey sat in the grass and motioned for Christie to sit next to her. The other priestess and acolytes removed their gowns and started to dance naked around the Ladystone and the sword thrust into the ground.

Christie of course read about the Sword Dance in the games manuals and rule books but to actually witness it was an amazing site. The purpose of the dance was when a new blade was forged to enchant it with magic and the blessing of the Dark Maiden. Christie watched amazed as the drow females danced naked around the blade. There was no set choreography to the dance that seemed a mixture of ballet, interruptive modern dance, and erotic dancing all combined into a beautiful performance as the females danced and moved together as if they practiced this dance for hours a day. As the Sword Dancers of Eilistraee danced they each picked up a sword off the ground to add to their performance and preformed amazing agile, acrobatic and almost artistic mock swordplay. Several times Christie thought they would injure each other or themselves but they danced flawlessly. Christie heard music, a pleasant sound of a wind instrument and looked around and so no one playing and then realized the music was coming from the swords. It was a perfect harmonic tone that seemed as if it could hypnotize you. The dancers seemed entranced by the sword song and one by one they danced to the blade in the ground and cut themselves on the blade to draw a drop of blood from their limbs and then moving momentarily against the blade. 

Christie looked at the dancers with awe; the females continued to dance so gracefully they seemed to appear as if they floated on air; their obsidian black skin glistening with sweat in the moonlight. Tlueindra danced to Christie, thrust her sword in the ground, and held out her hands for the older drow to join her 

Caught up in the emotion of the dance, Christie took the younger drow's hands and rose to her feet. She enjoyed dancing and her and Natalie often went to clubs to dance and danced at parties, but their dancing was from another world and to pop music, not this sensual display to the music of the swords. She felt a little embarrassed as Tlueindra removed her gown and when Tlueindra placed a kiss on her lips, it was a chaste kiss like a daughter would give a mother but being now naked Christie felt exposed. She then took Christie's hands and led her to the sword in the ground. 

Christie knew what she was to do and she danced around the sword and rock as the other drow had done. She felt an odd feeling; as if her body was not her own and she danced the way the Sword Dancers had done. They all danced in fearless exultation , looking like bold and dangerous black flames moving under the watching moon. 

Christie moved sensually around the blade and rock and then brought her arms to the edges of the sword and closed her inner forearms to the blade and pulled her arms upward. The sharp edges cut into her skin and while she felt her blood run down her arms onto the sword she felt no pain from the cuts. Once her blood mixed with the blood from the other females on the blade both the Ladystone and both rock and sword gleamed with a silvery light. 
