 Chapter 15 - New Living Situation and Romance Renewed 

The companions moved to the new inn in Waukeen's Promenade, The Seven Vales, by midmorning. The rooms were spacious and extremely clean and well-kept and the suite for Natalie, Rain, and Christie was large with a sitting area and the three sleeping rooms. They were actually surprised by the inn. How nice and elegant it was and the rooms were elaborately decorated. There was running water in the rooms from the aqueducts and magic and each room had a working bathroom. The inn was very large and had a clothing shop off the side of the lobby that sold fine clothes for both male and female, a dining area, and as Christie had mentioned a spa area that offered heated baths, massages, a barber shop and hair stylist. Natalie said it reminded her of some of the most elaborate hotels she had stayed in on the other side in their world.

Once they settled in their rooms the party decided the rest of the day would be a relaxation day. Ahira and Rain went to the Sea Bounty tavern to inform the Shadow Thieves they accepted their job and to gather more details such as where the vampires were and their numbers. Jason said he wanted to visit the Temple of Tyr out of curiosity to talk to other paladins, Christie decided to accompany Lou to the great library, and Natalie of course wanted to take advantage of the spa.

It was late afternoon by the time Christie and Lou got back from the library and the rest of their friends were already back from their activities of the day. The two did not do much research at the famous library but mostly just wanted to get a feel for it. They did discover they had been right and they would only be granted access to the more restricted area in the mage tower with bribes.

Christie had time to take advantage of the bath area before going to her room. When she walked into the suite she shared with Rain and Natalie she found Rain sitting on the sofa, stretched out reading one of the books provided in the room.

"Anything interesting?" Christie asked.

Rain looked up, "Eh...it's a novel of some sort. Kind of funny actually. All about the misadventures of a man who is the son of Bhaal, who is the God of Murder, and his mother is a human woman. Tells about him and his two loyal companions and the silly things they get mixed up in." Rain closed the book, "We did get the info from Linvall. Going to talk about it over dinner in the dining hall. Ahira and I ate lunch there and the food was awesome. He complained about the price though."

The drow chuckled. "Natalie here?"

Rain shrugged, "Yeah Miss Princess Arwen is in her room."

Christie laughed at the Lord of the Rings reference. 

"Ease up on her, Rain. She honestly thinks you want to kill her and if it was not for the rest of us you would."

Rain shrugged, "Let her think whatever she likes as long as she leaves me alone we are good."

Christie sighed, walked into her room, changed her clothes into the outfit she had on when they first arrived in this world, brushed her hair, and picked up a cloth shopping bag that contained some things she purchased the day before on her way back from the temple, and walked to Natalie's door.

Christie walked in the room without waiting for Natalie to tell her to come in and saw the elf girl sitting at the vanity putting on the makeup she purchased in Lund. Natalie smiled as she looked at the drow.

"I have yet had a chance to use the makeup. It's actually very good quality." Natalie's eyes looked over Christie's body and she swallowed hard. "I...well...umm..." She stammered at the view of the sexy drow female dressed in her revealing outfit and cleared her throat, "Not going to wear that for dinner are you? It may excite the other patrons." 

Christie smiled and sat on a chair in the room and set the bag on the floor, "Why not. I like it and it's actually a lot more comfortable than it looks. So did you enjoy your day? I see you did a little shopping."

Natalie was wearing a light blue corset that laced up in the front, pushed her breasts up, and had a little lighter blue bow between them. She wore the same shade of blue thigh high stockings that were held up by white silk ribbons tied around her upper thighs and a new pair of shorter and tighter white silk braes that tied on the sides.

Natalie started brushing her hair, "Yeah I did." She giggled. "Got a new dress to wear also."

Christie laughed, "I hope you did not spend too much gold."

Natalie shrugged, "More than I should have, but I just could not resist the clothes. You know how I like the fashion of the sixteenth and seventeenth century the noble women wore. The dress is like something straight out of the wardrobe closet for that show Reign. What me to put it on and show you? I am wearing it to dinner tonight."

"Sure I would like to see it. Did you enjoy your spa day?"

Natalie got up and went to the large wardrobe closet in the room. "Yes I did. Thank you. I had a bath with hot water, they shaved me legs and underarms and used this ointment stuff that prevented razor burns, they did my nails, and I even got a massage." Natalie giggled. "It was awesome."

The elf pulled out a dress that was a darker shade of her corset and stockings and held it up for Christie to see. It was very elaborate and Natalie put it on and had to ask Christie's help to fasten the back. When she was dressed she stood in the middle of the room and twirled to show it off. The dress had a long gossamer neck choker studded with pearls and the gossamer material ended at the bust line to reveal Natalie's cleavage. The waist of the dress was tight and then when it got to her mid-section it flared out in very intricate pleats and the hem of the dress came down to Natalie's ankles. Christie thought Natalie never looked so beautiful in the dress with her makeup on, her lustrous black hair falling down over her bare shoulders, and the perfect figure the dress seemed to mold to. 

"Wow...lovely. Not too concerned about the low cut bust line?"

Natalie giggled, "No...I figure since I have such great boobs here I might as well show them off. Mine back home are so small."

"I don't know I liked your boobs back home. I thought their size were perfect for your body and the way they curved up slightly and your light brown nipples...they were great nipples. Long."

Natalie blushed, "Ummm...ok...we should not talk about my boobs."

Christie shook her head and walked closer to the elf, "No I want to talk about your boobs." She said and now stood directly in front of the other girl. "I want to talk about them on this side and the other side."

Christie put her arms around Natalie. One wrapped around the girl's thin waist and the other around the back of her neck. She pulled the elf to her and bent down and kissed her lips. Natalie responded at first and parted her mouth to allow the drow's tongue to slide into her but then she started to struggle and pushed Christie away.

"Don't...don't Christie. We...we said just friends ok." Natalie said in a soft voice.

"I changed my mind. I don't accept just friends. I love you, Natalie...oh don't make that fucking face. I know you hate for me to say that but I do." Christie moved to the bed and sat down, crossed her legs, and moved her body so it positioned her in a very seductive and alluring manner. 

"I love the dress and you look beautiful in it but now take it off. Remove all your clothes except the corset and thigh highs." The drow told her.

Natalie looked at the other girl in disbelief. "I don't think so."

Christie nodded, "I do think so. We are going to fuck...later but at first there is something I need to do. Now take off the fucking clothes off before I get mad and rip it off."

Natalie's hand moved behind her back and unfastened the dress enough so it could slide off her body. Her hands were trembling. The tone of the drow's voice frightened her a little but also aroused her.

"What...what has gotten into you?" She asked "We...we are not going to have sex." Natalie added in a firm voice as the dress fell off her body.

"I was reminded of something the other day by Sinafey. I was reminded I was a drow female and when we want something we take it...we claim it. That is what I am going to do. Take you but first I need to claim you." She smiled wickedly, "Plus when did you ever turn down sex."

Natalie gave Christie a curious look. "Claim it? Ok, Christie, no more playing around. You had your fun...jokes over. I'm not some cheap whore." 

"No you are right, you are not cheap. No drop the dress and remove those panty things."

Natalie gave Christie a smile and removed her undergarment. "Ok, fine I'll play along...you want to fuck me, fine but this one last time only and that's it...I swear no more." 

"I see you had your pussy hairs shaved also...nice. As for the last time...we shall see. Bring your hair brush and those panties and come here." 

Natalie shrugged, picked up her undergarments, and got the brush and walked to the drow. At the spa Natalie did have them shave her pubic hairs and now her private area was void of any hair. Natalie did think Christie looked very sexy in her outfit and her drow body and thought why not one more time; it couldn't hurt and would be very satisfying. Her sex life with her ex-girlfriend was never lacking. But this last time would be on her terms not Christie's. She walked over, placed the brush and he panties on the bed, and straddled the dark elf and started kissing her. Both girls gave moans of pleasure as they kissed and their tongues explored each other's mouths and then Natalie gave a small whimper of surprise as Christie grabbed her arms and pulled them behind her back and held them there by the wrists. Natalie started moaning again as the other girls started kissing her neck and she moved her hips against Christie.

"Umm you like that?" Christie whispered in her ear.

"Ohhh...yes...feels good." Natalie gasped out.

"Well you won't like this next part but has to be done." The drow told her.

Christie let go of Natalie's wrist and grabbed her body and moved a struggling Natalie so that she was now bent over her lap and her ass sticking up.

"Christie...what...what are you doing?" Natalie asked in a scared voice.

"I told you, I am going to claim what is mine. I have to teach you who is in charge. I would tell you this is going to hurt me more than you but that would be a lie."

Natalie opened her mouth to protest and question the drow but as soon as she did Christie shoved her panties in her mouth.

"So Rain won't hear you." The drow chuckled.

Natalie struggled but of no use since Christie held her tight and she gave muffled protests for the girl to stop and let her up. Her protests turned into a muffed cry of pain as she felt the hair brush strike her bare ass cheek. She cried out again as another spank hit her other one. She struggled more and almost broke free until another smack hit her butt.

"Stop struggling or I will spank you more. You get ten more...five on each ass cheek but if you keep struggling I will give you twenty more."

Natalie muffled a whine but stopped struggling. By the time Christie was done spanking her naked butt cheeks she was crying and her butt burned with pain. The drow tossed the brush on the floor and then used her hands and spread Natalie's red butt cheeks apart to expose her sex and smaller hole. 

"God you are so wet after that." Christie chuckled. "Umm I am so tempted to finger both of your holes right now but that comes later. We have more fun ahead of us." 

Natalie fell to the floor as the drow stood up. Natalie rubbed her butt, pulled the gag out of her mouth, and looked up at Christie with tears in her eyes.

"What...why...why did you do that? That hurt." She whimpered out.

"Of course it did silly. It was supposed to. As for why...call it punishment for the way you have been acting and the fucking around you've done since we started dating. Just feel grateful I took it easy on you. For all the shit you have done since we started dating it could...and probably should have been a lot worse. No get on the bed, face down, knees up and stick that cute red ass in the air."

"I...I don't want to now...I...I want you to leave." Natalie said weakly.

Christie laughed, "No you don't. Your pussy is so wet and I know you want to get fucked. Now get that red ass on the bed before I spank you again."

Natalie sniffled and wiped her eyes. Her eye makeup had streaked down her face with her tears. Still wearing just her corset and stockings she got up and got on the bed, lay on her stomach, brought her knees up, and lifted her ass up.

"Just...don't hurt me again...please." She asked in a pleading tone.

Natalie had experimented with a lot sexually. Men, women, multiple partners, anal sex, being peed on, and much more; and while she was very submissive sexually and enjoyed her partner or partners to take control and even enjoyed being tied up during sex, one thing she did not enjoy was pain. Oh sure she enjoyed her hair pulled and playful spankings but the one Christie just gave her was not playful at all. The drow used her full strength and each smack on her naked butt echoed loudly in the room.

"If you behave we won't have to now will we?" The drow answered her.

Christie took off her clothes and she smiled when she saw Natalie looking at her with desire in her eyes. The drow picked up her bag and walked over to the bed. She opened the cloth bag and pulled a few objects from it. Natalie watched every move the drow made and was scared Christie may have had some other things in her bag that would hurt her but when what was in the bag was revealed her eyes grew wide.

"Where the hell did you get those?" 

Christie giggled, "Seems you can buy anything in Athkatla. I found a sex shop yesterday and picked these things up this morning on my way back."

Christie revealed a small assortment of sexual toys all made of the same material; a firm plastic like material that was clear like glass. She placed on the bed an anal plug with a wide tip, a dildo like toy that was ridged, a small curved toy with a bulbous tip on it, and a large dildo shaped like a real penis that must have been ten inches long and thick. That last dildo had leather straps on it and on the underside of the leather base where the fake penis was attached had small rigid numbs on it to stimulate the girl who was wearing its clit. There was also a smaller dildo about four inches long on the underside of the base for the wearer's pleasure.

"What...what are you going to do with them?" Natalie asked.

Christie laughed, "Oh you are so priceless at times, baby. What do you think I am going to do with them? The same thing we do with our toys back home."

'But...but we don't have time...we have to meet the others for dinner. Just...let's...let's just fool around some now and after dinner we can use them." 

Christie shook her head, "No...I know what you are doing, silly girl. We have a quickie now, get each other off, and then after dinner you come back to your room and lock the door so we won't have sex again. No, baby, we are going to use them now...for a long time. I am going to get my money's worth out of these tonight. We will skip dinner."

"But...but...what about Rain? She will hear us."

Christie patted Natalie's butt gently, "Well maybe you should not be so loud when you get fucked. That's your problem not mine." 

Christie sat cross legged behind Natalie and scooted her body close the smaller girl to where her body was almost touching Natalie's. She leaned forward and started kissing Natalie's butt cheeks very sensually and running her tongue over the red flesh making the other girl moan in pleasure.

"Your ass did get red." Christie giggled.

"Ummm...it hurt." Natalie pouted with a moan.

"Well let's see if we can make it feel better."

Christie placed her hands on Natalie's butt and spread the girl's cheeks apart exposing her pussy and ass. "Nice and wet already." She commented when Natalie's sex opened for her after spreading it apart. Christie moved her head down and ran her tongue up the girl's private area; starting with her wet pussy and ending at the area just above her small tighter hole. Natalie closed her eyes and gave soft whimpers of delight at the feeling and then moaned louder when the drow's tongue entered her smaller hole. Natalie enjoyed having her ass rimmed. A lot of people she had been with sexually found rimming her or being rimmed by her taboo or just gross but not Natalie; she found it very pleasurable and enjoyed doing it to someone else as well. When she first started dating Christie the other girl was rather naive when it came to sex and had never done any sort of anal play, but Natalie showed her how enjoyable and the pleasure she could get from it and it did not take long for Christie to enjoy being rimmed by her sexually kinky girlfriend, returning the delightful act, and Christie quickly started enjoying fucking Natalie in her ass often.

Natalie continued to moan in pleasure as Christie's tongue went deeper in her butt and whimpered and squirmed as the girl's tongue made circling motions inside her.

"Ohhh...God...ohhh Christie...please...please play with it...play with my pussy also." 

Christie moved her head back, "You like that don't you. My tongue in your ass?"

"Umm yes...do it more...please." Natalie begged.

Christie chuckled. "No not yet. Maybe later." She picked up the anal plug and then a small vial of the same type of oil that Samera had used on Natalie. "You are going to make me cum first but your ass does need some attention. A lot of attention; I may not even touch your pussy tonight."

"That's not fair." Natalie whined out. "I want to cum also...I...OHHH GOD!" Natalie screamed out as she was interrupted when Christie inserted the anal plug in her butt.

"Ohhh God...ohhh fuck Christie that feels so good." 

"Yes I know how much you like your ass fucked." The drow replied as she twisted the toy. She then got off the bed. "Now make sure you keep it in there and get off the bed and on your knees."

Natalie got off the bed clinching her butt tight to make sure the anal toy did not slide out of her and got on her knees before the drow. She was so sexually aroused now that she no longer protested. Since they had been dating the two girls enjoyed each other sexually in many different ways, from sweet romantic love making where they would kiss and touch each other and use their mouths on each other's bodies for hours to hard fucking. Natalie normally preferred and enjoyed taking the more submissive bottom role in their sex and even at times enjoyed being degraded and verbally humiliated. 

Christie turned to face the bed so she had her back the Natalie and leaned over a little and placed her hands on her own butt cheeks and pulled them apart.

"No lick my ass like a good elf slut." She commanded.

Natalie swallowed hard with lust. She took a moment to look at the drow's body from behind. Christie's drow form butt was perfection and Natalie liked the dark obsidian skin and the way her pussy was pink on the inside against the black skin of the outside; it was very exotic. Natalie leaned in and ran her tongue around Christie's hole. Christie gave a low moan as Natalie rimmed her butt and then grabbed the elf's head and pushed her deeper into her.

"Deeper, whore. Lick my ass deeper."

She pushed Natalie's head hard against her body and Natalie struggled to breath. She put her hands on Christie's butt cheeks and tried to push herself away but the drow held her tight and kept telling her to put her tongue deeper into her ass. Natalie was gasping for air but buried her tongue as far as it would go in the other girl's small hole. She enjoyed the slight musky scent and taste and was giving muffled whimpers as she rimmed Christie.
