 Chapter 16 -The Rogue and the Paladin 

After Christie left her to go into Natalie's room, Rain once again started reading the novel she had found among the other books on the book shelf. She was enjoying the humorous story when she started hearing moans of the elf and drow having sex.

"Fuck! You can't be serious?" The half elf said aloud to no one.

She put the book down and decided to leave the room since she did not want to listen to her roommates having sex. She decided to take advantage of the bath area of the inn and then meet the others for dinner. When she walked into the dining hall she saw Lou, Jason, and Ahira already sitting at a table.

"Where's Christie and Natalie?" Jason asked.

Rain shrugged and sat down, "I don't think they are coming. They are well...too busy with each other right now."

Ahira laughed, "The rest of us are concerned with getting home and you girls are concerned with having sex."

"That's not fair. I am here." Rain responded.

"Yeah but you did with Christie." Lou added.

Rain blushed, "God that was a mistake...can we not bring that up again?" The males chuckled and Rain looked at Jason, "What about you guys? Not even curious about exploring your sexuality on this side?"

Ahira shrugged, "Yeah I thought about it. I mean back home I could never have sex but here I can. Hell I even thought about giving Natalie a try." The dwarf admitted.

"Why didn't you?" Rain asked, "She seems to be willing to fuck everyone else and I am sure she would have spread her legs for you...if not just give her some gold and she would fuck you." Rain chuckled at her own joke.

Ahira tried not to laugh but did anyway, "Well honestly a couple of reasons. One if she did I think it would have been a pity fuck for her and two...I like her to much...no not like that...I mean as a person. Sure, she's fucked up in the head I agree, but I still like her."

"Well maybe you can find a dwarf chick somewhere...do dwarf females have beards?" Rain teased and turned to Lou, "And you? No women here that meets your fancy?"

"No time for that nonsense. Have to think about finishing my spell book. When Christie and I went to the library today and the closer we got to the mage tower I could feel the power of it...great power and enchantments and spells are held in that tower and I want to learn them all." Lou said with a strange tone in his voice. A tone that worried his friends.

"What about you, Jason? Or did your pilgrimage to the Temple of Tyr fill you with paladin goodness and you had visions of sex being a product of evil." The dwarf teased his best friend.

Jason chuckled, "No...sex is not a restriction for paladins. I did learn a few things there though...they are a bunch of elitist snobs. Least the ones I met. I always had this vision of paladins being so noble and wanting to fight against the evil and injustices of the world but the other paladins I met there were just not like that. They just gossiped mostly."

"You still did not answer the question?" Rain asked with a smile on her lips and a twinkle in her eyes. "Back home you were such a player and had girls on campus throwing themselves at you so I am sure you have an itch you need scratched on this side."

Jason blushed and Rain thought it was cute to see this masculine man blush like a school girl. "I...well...I was not a player." He stammered out. "Sure I had some girls I hooked up with but not as many as people thought and well...ok enough of this sex talk. What did the two of you learn?" Jason changed the subject quickly and the others laughed. "I see no need to wait for the other two. We will fill them in later."

"Well seems the Shadow Thieves have done their recon on these vampires." Rain started. "Per Linvall there are about fifteen but no more than twenty vampires. Several of them are newly turned so not very powerful. The main concern per him is their leader. They have never seen him or her and don't know how strong it is."

Jason let out a whistle, "Twenty...that's a lot. Even if this priestess Sinafey helps us that's still a large number to go against for us. I am sure he gave you their location."

Ahira nodded, "Yeah and that's a problem. Their liar is under the graveyard district and the entrance is inside one of the crypts of some noble's family. That means going in during the day is out because we can't risk being seen breaking into some noble families crypt so we have to go at night when the vamps are going to be more powerful."

Jason sighed, "Fuck...ok...so what do you suggest?"

"I think early in the morning like a few hours before dawn. That way the vampires should all be there and relaxed and not expecting any form of attack. Linvall said they have been weary of an attack from his guild so they seem more prepared in the earlier hours after dark." The dwarf told him. "We have two days to fulfill the bargain and its pays thirty thousand gold...way more than we need. So I suggest tomorrow we go see Christie's drow priestess friend to see if she will help and then we go the next morning. I don't suppose your paladin friends will help?"

Jason shook his head, "No. Like I said they were not concerned about doing noble deeds or anything. I don' t know...just was not what I expected. I don't think any of them have picked up a sword in a long time."

The dwarf patted Jason on the shoulder, "Don't be disappointed. I think it's this city. It's like well...decadent. The Shadow Thieves run most of the city and what they don't control the Cowled Wizards do and they feel they should control all magic in the city and are cruel and greedy from what we have learned about them. Don't get frustrated, Jason, I am sure there are plenty of do goodie paladins in this world who are what you imagined."

The four friends ate their meal mostly in silence. Each contemplating the consequences of going against the vampires. When they were done, Ahira and Lou and Jason decided to go to the baths and Rain mentioned she wanted to walk around the grounds of the inn. In truth she would have liked to have gone back to her room but she was in no mood to listen to Christie and Natalie have sex and figured a while walking around the gardens of the inn would kill some time.

Rain let about an hour pass and with the almost two hours she spent at dinner with her friends she figure Christie and Natalie would be done. She went to the suite she shared with the other two females and when she opened the door she was greeted with sounds of sex. Natalie was very loud in her screams and moans of pleasure.

"You have got to be fucking kidding me!" She said aloud and left the suite.

Rain walked down one flight of stairs and found herself standing in front of Jason's room's door. She took a deep breath and knocked. Jason answered the door wearing only his trousers. Rain could not help but stare at his chest.

On the other side back in their real world Jason was a very good looking young man but here in his paladin form he was an Adonis. He stood close to six foot seven, huge muscles that reflected his game character's strength role for his stats, and like Natalie's elf form Jason's paladin character had a very high charisma roll that showed in his very handsome face on this side. While his face looked similar to his real face on the other side his paladin character smoothed out any of the small flaws her may have had in his true form. Rain liked the paladin's chest hairs; it was masculine and sexy. 

Rain cleared her throat and gave Jason a small smile, "Sorry...I...I didn't mean to bother you it's just that Christie and Natalie are at it again and I can't sleep. Natalie's very loud." Rain added with a giggle.

Jason laughed and stepped aside, "Well come on in then. I could use the conversation...I am bored."

Rain smiled and stepped into the room. Unlike the room she shared with the other two females Jason's room was not a suite but a single room. It was large and had a bed that looked to be queen size, two chairs, a desk, and two night stands on the sides of the bed. His room also had running water and a working toilet. Lying on the bed was Jason's large sword and a vial of oil and a sharpening stone.

"Playing with your sword?" Rain asked and then blushed when she understood the sexual undertone of her comment but Jason did not seem to notice.

"No...not really. I was going to sharpen it for something to do but it's magical and keeps its sharp edge." He put the sword in its scabbard and stood it in the corner. "Have a seat." Jason told Rain as he cleared his bed and then put on a shirt.

Rain sat down in one of the comfortable lounge chairs. "I really did mean to bother you...and well...I am sorry if I embarrassed you with the sex talk at dinner."

Jason laughed and Rain enjoyed his very masculine deep laughter. "I was not embarrassed, Rain. I just well...regardless of what you may believe about me I don't brag or talk about the girls I have sex with."

Rain smiled, "Oh...but they brag about you." She giggled. "I have heard them talking about you."

Jason chuckled, "Honestly most of them make that shit up. They brag about me fucking them but most I never even touched. Just met them at a party or at a booster rally or something and they like to tell their friends they banged the quarter back I guess. Hell I got called into the coaches office cause two of the older ladies married to boosters who give a lot of money for the football team said I had a threesome with them. Apparently they bragged about it, husbands overheard or something and they told our coach. Totally fabricated of course but took a while to prove it."

"Oh...so what...you saving yourself for a girlfriend back home?"

Jason shook his head, "No. My girlfriend from high school and I broke up before we left for college. She went to Columbia and I came here and we both figured the long distance thing would not work...plus we weren't serious anyway. More like good friends who have sex on occasion. We have known each other since we were five and we were...still are very close. She knows more about me than anyone and I know more about her than anyone."

"Oh little secrets...do tell." Rain teased.

Jason laughed again, "Yeah we have our secrets but if I tell you they won't be our secrets anymore will they?"

Rain nodded, "True...I won't pry."

"So what about you? Boyfriend back home?"

Rain shook her head, "No...never had a boyfriend...hell Jason Christie was the first person I ever had sex with. So weird huh? A gay guy and he loses his virginity to a girl."

Jason chuckled again, "Well yeah but does it count over here on this side? I mean you have a girl's form over here so you are not a guy right?"

Rain laughed, "Maybe...still have not figured out the whole body swapping thing. In my head I am still a male and well...attracted to men. With Christie it was well...fuck Jason you see her...she is a drow and well...it's like we read in the race sections of the rule books. Once they set their mind on something they take it." Rain laughed.

Jason grinned and nodded, "Yeah she is something. Natalie's form is just as beautiful but Christie being a drow makes her more enticing and if she ever gets her confidence about being a drow then watch out. I mean it's like...well you experienced it. It's more than we have our game characters' abilities but sometimes their personalities rise up and take over."

"Yes...it's like with me being a rogue...now my character is not a bad rogue or an assassin class like Der...Derricks was," Rain's voice broke momentarily at the mention of their dead friend's name, "but she is a rogue and does have an evil streak in her and her background she did some pretty bad things including murder. Like yesterday when I held that knife to Natalie's throat I was not going to kill her like I said but wanted to scare her and that's not like me...the real me I mean; but it was my character."

Jason nodded, "I know the feeling. Just lucky I guess that our real personalities are in much more control."

Rain chuckled, "Yeah except for Lou and Michael."

Jason smiled back, "Don't worry about Michael. It's just that put yourself in his shoes. If you had no control of seventy five to eighty percent of your muscles since you were about six or seven and you suddenly not only got full muscle control back, could walk, but also got the strength that his dwarf warrior has in the game would you want to be reminded of your crippled body? As for Lou...well that's something we need to watch. Christie told you about how he compared magic to an addiction right?"

Rain nodded, "Yeah. But so far being obsessed with learning higher level spells he seems to be ok."

"Yes but besides that time in Lund he has not really cast any spells. But I think he will be ok and hell we are going to need his spells and abilities before we are able to get home I think. Remember Lou is a high level mage in the game...higher level than any of us so he has some real power."

"We all do...I mean high level except Natalie. I think if we just let our instincts take over these vampires won't be much of an issue. In the game we were fighting vampires at level nine or ten."

Jason nodded, "Have you even thought about Habersham and the game?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well he did not make the game. I mean write the rule books and such. It's been around for a long time and this world we play our campaigns in for what...fifteen years and everything in the game, the rules, this world is real."

Rain nodded, "I see your point. How much do we know about him...Habersham?"

Jason shook his head, "Not much. He started at Mercer what...four or five years ago. So maybe well...think about this...he may have helped with the development of Dungeons and Dragons and this world and maybe there are others like him; people who can see in this world. Like Gary Gygax or hell even Tolkien. Maybe his Middle Earth is or was real. Tolkien was so detailed in his writings and even created languages for the races he created. Maybe it was also real and Middle Earth was as well."

"Could be. I think there is a lot even back home we don't know about. Like in his note to us, Habersham mentioned he could not have sent us here without Natalie. I mean...what the hell is that about? Why her? What made her so special?"

Jason shook his head, "I don't know but when we get home he is going to have a lot to answer for."

"We never talked about when we get home. All we talked about is getting home. So...well...what do we do then? Do we help him come over here or what?"

"I don't know, Rain. It's something we are going to have to figure out I guess. But first thing I am going to do when he get home is kick his ass."

Rain laughed, "I think all of us feel the same way."

They did not speak for several minutes but it was not an uncomfortable silence which surprised Rain. She felt she should be nervous alone with the man do to her crush and attraction to him but she did not. She was enjoying their talk.

"So what about you?" Jason broke the silence.

"What about me what?"

Jason grinned, "Now see that surprises me. You not having a boyfriend back home.

Rain smirked, "Why?"

"Well ok like you said since we are being honest with each other it's that you are a very attractive young man back home...no not attractive and I hope this does not offend you but you are pretty...I mean pretty as someone would call a girl pretty."

Rain laughed, "Oh I am not offended. I have been told that all my life...well as far as I can remember. Growing up I had friends who were girls and they would tell me the same thing...that I was pretty like a girl." Rain cleared her throat. "I was...am I guess...always what people call a twink." She laughed, "You know...sissy, feminine, obviously gay."

Jason joined her laughter, "Yeah that much is obvious...oh I don't mean it in a bad way. Hell I don't care if you are gay or not I always thought you were cool."

"Really? So if I went to one of the parties with the football team you would talk to me...be friends with me in public besides when we meet weekly to play the game." Rain asked with a little sarcasm in her voice.

"Yeah...why would you ask that? I don't give a fuck what people think about me, Rain. True some of them would give me a hard time about being friends with you, but I wouldn't care cause they know as well as I do when it comes to the team I am the offensive captain and I run the huddle." Jason grinned, "Then there would be others who would want me to discreetly introduce you to them in hopes of secret meetings where you would give them a blows job or more."

Rain laughed, "Well hell...when we get back home introduce me to them." They both laughed. "So what about you, Jason?"

"What about me what?"

"Have you not thought about having sex since we came here? Michael admitted he has thought about it, Lou is too obsessed with magic to think of anything else, and well...we know Natalie is just banging her way through the world and as we talk giving it up to Christie...and well...umm...I have. So what about you? No desire to? You could very easily. I see the way a lot of the young women we pass on the streets...hell older ones also look at you and our waitress tonight was so obvious and would have been more than happy to share your bed tonight. She was rather pretty also."

Jason shrugged, "Of course I have thought about it...but...fuck I don't know why I haven't yet. I could have with Natalie the first night we were here but I didn't."

Rain laughed, "Everyone could have with Natalie I think. Why didn't you? Is it the paladin thing like Michael says?"

Jason rolled his eyes, "Why is it that everyone thinks just because I am a paladin I don't want to have sex? There are no restrictions on paladins and sex. As for why I didn't with Natalie is that it was not right and she just wanted to get back at Christie and I didn't want that drama to affect use getting home. Natalie is well...she uses sex as a tool more than enjoyment I think."

"Oh how so?"

Jason laughed, "Do you think all we guys do is come to our rooms and sleep? We talk, Rain, me and Michael and even Lou. Michael is right; Natalie is fucked up in the head. Why we don't know. We tossed the idea around for whatever reasons...maybe she was molested by her dad but then no we ruled that out. She adores her parents to much...so we don't know but whatever the reason she uses sex for...well...let me see how Michael put it...he is much smarter at this than me. Natalie is small and weak and she can't hurt people physically so she uses what she has and that's sex to hurt people...to get even or revenge or hell even just because someone pisses her off. I don't know what I am saying really, but I know she is fucked up and if we were back home and she came on to me like that I would have fucked her, but not here...here we don't need any more drama between us."

Rain nodded, "Yeah I know that was directed at me...I do feel bad about what I did...trust me."

Jason smiled, "I know she can be annoying. Just try to get along with her until we get home."

"I will try. We are being honest with each other right?" Jason nodded to the girl, "Ok one reason I resent her is well...I am kind of jealous of her...oh don't look at me like that...I don't mean her and Christie. I mean she is not afraid to go after what she wants."

Jason laughed, "That's true. So what do you want that you are too afraid to go after?"

Rain blushed, "Just...well there is this guy I have been crushing on and I wish I had the nerve to let him know."

"Well then let him know. The worst thing he can do is say no."

Rain smiled and stood up and walked over to Jason, "Ok...I am letting him know." She said nervously.

Jason gave Rain a surprised look. "Me?"

Rain decided now that the cat was out of the bag she might as well get his feelings on the matter. She wrapped her arms around his neck to hold herself in his lap and smiled at him.
