 Chapter 22 - A favor granted and new surroundings. 

Christie was greeted warmly by Sinafey when she entered the temple. She had become a frequent visitor and everyone seemed pleased by her visits.

"Come, sister, let's have some tea. I just received some marvelous fungi tea, one of the few things I miss from the Underdark." 

The high priestess led Christie to her private chamber and they were joined my Nalfal. They sat at a small table and Sinafey poured the tea. It smelled and tasted delicious. They sat in silence for a while before Christie spoke.

"Matron, I...we need you help once again." 

"Ask, sister."

Christie shifted in her chair feeling uneasy. "I...I must first tell you something. I...we my friends and I...well...we lied to you and I hope you can forgive us?"

"Lied? How so?"

"We are not what we told you we were." Christie decided to tell Sinafey the truth about her and her friends. What she was going to ask was not to be taken lightly.

After she told her tale about whom she and her friends were and where they came from and how they got to this world she sat in silence waiting for her friend to comment. Sinafey and Nalfal sat in silence for a while as they digested what the drow told them.

"That was a fascinating tale I must say." Sinafey finally broke the silence.

"It's true...all of it." Christie replied.

"Oh I do not doubt you, sister. We suspected something was odd about you and your friends."

"Oh?" 

Nalfal chuckled, "Yes. I suspected something after our encounter with the vampires. You all fought bravely and magnificently no doubt but just the way you and your friends acted before the battle; unsure and lacking confidence for a group of adventurers who have done and seen as much as you and your companions have."

Sinafey nodded, "Yes and then yourself; you are very knowledgeable about the Underdark and the way of our dark sisters and brothers but it's more like knowledge you get from studying books and not knowledge from living there."

Christie's eyes became watery, "I am sorry...so sorry we lied...I lied to you, Matron. I feel terrible about it. I have become very fond of you and this temple. But...I felt I had no choice...we just want to go home."

Sinafey held up her hand, "Calm yourself...Christie is it? Regardless of where you are from you are still a priestess of Eilistraee; she has granted you her gifts and she now answers your prayers. Of course we will help. What may we do?"

Christie explained the portal and the story they read in the book.

"Umm...I have lived in the Underdark for hundreds of years and traveled to many other drow cities and even cities of the duergar to trade and led raids on other races of the Underdark and even to the surface but never heard of such a portal."

"Matron, if I may?" Nalfal asked and Sinafey nodded for him to continue, "When I was living in Ust Natha and weapon master of my house I too traveled to other drow cities and raided both in the Underdark and the surface. I went to a small drow city, Sshamath on a trade mission many years ago. Sshamath is a small city but very dedicated to Lolth and there I heard rumors of a portal but no one knew where it led to. Per the rumors when they drow first settled in the area the priestesses of that city, who was much more fanatical than any priestess of Lolth ever had been, led a large party to the portal to discover where it led and to spread the influence of Lolth, but none returned. The party was led by the Matron Mother of the first house and due to the loss of many drow they decreed that area as forbidden. There were rumors that a few rogue groups tried to locate that portal but they also never returned. I just assumed it was rumor and a tale and not true. Maybe this is the portal for them to get home."

Sinafey smiled at the male drow, "You know the area?"

"Somewhat...it has been many years since I have been there but if I may get some maps of the area I may be able to locate it."

"Of course."

Christie became excited with the possibility of finding the exact location of the portal as Sinafey asked her about her home on the other side. The drow matron listened with great interest as Christie did her best to explain her world; especially when it came to religion. Nalfal soon returned with several rolled up maps which he spread on the table.

"Here," he pointed to a spot on one of the maps, "is the city of Sshamath. Like I mentioned it's a small city but we traded with them due to their location near a rich adamantium source which they mine using duergar slaves and sometimes battle the svirfneblin over. The svirfneblin have a small settlement nearby. They also trade with the duergar when they are not raiding them for slaves. " He pointed to a blank area of the map, "And here would be the location of the portal if it is truly there. About maybe two surface week's travel from Sshamath to the east."

Sinafey studied the map closely and smiled, "That is only about a seven days travel from the portal to the Underdark at Aklice temple in the High Forest to the north east."

"Do...do you think she will let us use it...the portal to the Underdark?" Christie asked hopefully.

Sinafey smiled, "I don't know." The drow frowned, "Let me explain, sister. I have grown fond of you and I would struggle with sending you and your companions to the Underdark and so would Matron Aklice. The dangers the Underdark hold are too great."

Christie nodded, "I know what the Underdark holds."

"No you read about what the Underdark holds not what it truly is." Sinafey waved her hand to dismiss Christie's objection, "Yes I know you mentioned you and your friends have memories of your...what did you call them...characters from the game? This is no game, sister. The least of your problems would be the monsters and creatures that roam the Underdark...the hook horrors, the displacer beasts, beholders, and many more predators; but there are also the our drow kin that may patrol the area...they will be your largest problem. Your companions they may kill outright or torture for their sadistic pleasures before they kill them or maybe turn them into driders, but you they will sacrifice to the Spider Queen. You and even your lover Natalie would be a great sacrifice to Lolth...a traitor drow priestess who serves the Dark Maiden and a moon elf female would bring great favor from Lolth to the house who sacrifices you." Sinafey sighed, "I...I am reluctant to allow you to use the portal and so would Aklice. Plus how would you navigate the dark tunnels? I can give you the maps but you and your friends would have no idea which direction is north or south or east or west. There are no stars or sun to guide you."

Christie nodded, "But we have to get home, Sinafey. We can't live in this world. We don't belong in this world. Please...we have to try."

"I can go with them, Matron." Nalfal spoke up. "I can be their guide. I know the area and I know the Underdark."

Sinafey looked at Nalfal, "Are you sure you want to do this? You know what would happen to you if the drow capture you. The same as Christie and Natalie...a quick death would be a blessing compared to what our evil kin would do to you three."

"I am sure, Matron. I will go but my brother will stay. He was not raised in the Underdark like I was."

Sinafey nodded, "So be it." She turned to Christie, "I will send word to Aklice of your coming and the reason. I will provide you with maps to the temple there and what we have of the Underdark for that area...she may have more."

Sinafey stood up as did Christie and the older drow kissed the younger one on the mouth and hugged her tight, "Be well, sister. I have grown very fond of you and I will miss our conversations."

Christie teared up, "I...I will, Sinafey. I can't think you enough for the help you have given us."

Sinafey smiled, "Trust in the Dark Maiden, sister."

Christie nodded and with a sad heart left the temple for the last time. Nalfal told her he would gather his armor and weapons and other supplies and meet her at their inn and stay there until the party was ready to depart. Christie suspected he wanted to say goodbye to his brother as well.

With Christie's news of the help from Sinafey and the portal that may put them close to the portal home the friends excitedly spent the next two days buying supplies for the journey to the Temple of Eilistraee in the Star Mounts located in the High Forest as well as supplies they would need in the Underdark. Based on the map it would be a seven or eight day journey to the temple. They would take the Trade Way Road most of the way north, which would be safe and was heavily patrolled due it it's use by merchants, and then before they got to Baldurs Gate they would go east on less traveled roads which would be more dangerous. Nalfal pointed out locations that were prone to orc bandit bands and other dangers.

*************************

"I am not riding a horse!" Natalie stomped her foot in protest the morning the group was ready to depart. "I don't even know how to." She whined.

Rain laughed, "We only purchased two riding horses, and the others are for the wagons. You can ride in one of the wagons. Ahira is going to drive one and Nalfal the other. Jason wants to ride and so do I; we rode them on the other side."

"Good...they scare me." Natalie admitted.

Rain laughed again and she mounted her horse; a brown mare paint with large white spots. Jason rode a black stallion and the other party members rode in one of the two wagons. The party made the trip very easy and no trouble along the Trade Way.

"Aklice is different than Sinafey." Nalfal told Natalie as she rode up front in the wagon with him on the third day of their voyage.

"Oh how so?"

The drow chuckled, "She is a good person and very devoted to Eilistraee and kind. She was the one who helped me and my brother in after we escaped the Underdark. Younger than Sinafey and like her, Aklice was raised in the Underdark and a former priestess of Lolth; but she is from Mantol-Derith which is the largest drow city in the Underdark. She was actually Matron Mother of the First House there and held a lot of power and well...sometimes she can forget she is no longer Matron Mother of a First House." Nalfal paused and grinned wide. "Her sexual preferences run the same as you and Christie...she prefers female lovers."

Natalie blushed, "If she was so powerful and dedicated to Lolth why did she leave? I mean why does anyone want to give up that power? Sinafey did the same. If I had that power where no one could have done me harm I would not give it up."

The drow male gave Natalie a curious look, "Even if that power came from something evil and you had to do horrible things to keep it?"

The elf shrugged, "If it could have stopped me from getting hurt or things that were done to me then yes I would have done whatever it took."

Nalfal smiled sadly at Natalie, "Maybe things are just different in your world."

Natalie looked to her right at the countryside, "Both worlds have its monsters...in mine they are just not easily recognized as they are here." She turned her head to look at the drow, "You told me once that the drow have no word for love in their language and that while the priestesses of Lolth are highly devoted to her they don't love her...those are good things, Nalfal, not bad things. There is nothing worse than having someone you love hurt you and a god you are devoted to out of love turn their back on you. Maybe the drow have the right idea."

Nalfal shook his head, "You don't understand the drow or Lolth, Natalie. If you did you would not say such things."

"Maybe...but I understand what it is to feel pain and betrayal. You drow don't own that feeling."

After the travelers got off the Trade Way their progress slowed due to the lack of a real road and on the fifth night they were attacked by a band of orc bandits in the Ardeep Forest. Hoping to catch the party unawares the orcs attacked hours after midnight but discovered they had underestimated the smaller group. The fight was short and brutal but the companions quickly over powered their attackers with powerful spells from Lou and Natalie and highly skilled melee attacks from the others. The few surviving orcs scattered into the woods. The next evening the group made it to the small village of Secomber along the River Delimbiry and could see the peaks of the Star Mounts in the distance.

The villagers were friendly and allowed the group to set up camp outside of their wooden barricade; not fully trusting two drow in close to their village and they kept a wary eye on the two dark elves but Ahira spread a good deal of coin around the village to make them happy to have the travelers nearby. The only incident that occurred while camped by the village was when Natalie and Christie had to chase away a small group of teen boys who snuck down to the river to watch the two females bathe.

It took the party two more days to reach the foot of the Star Mounts and another half day going up a winding mountain road to reach the temple which was more a settlement than a temple. The settlement was surrounded by a wooden palisade and even though there were guards on the palisade and at the gate the group went through the open gate without anyone stopping them. The small town must have been used to visitors because not many people took time out their day to stare at the party. There were male, females, and children of various races; drow, humans, half elves, and a few elves with golden blonde hair, and even two dwarves. There were a few males and females walking in and out of various wooden buildings, older children playing and younger ones following some of the adults, a skinner and butcher applying their trade in a lean to shelter, and the two dwarves. The male dwarf was hammering away at a forge and a younger female dwarf was assisting him. 

Natalie was riding up front in the open wagon with Ahira and she giggled, "I think she likes you." She teased.

Indeed the young dwarf female almost dropped a red hot iron ingot she held with large pliers as she stared at Ahira, who blushed. Natalie laughed; seeing the powerful, rough dwarf blush was amusing.

"She's cute. Not what I really expected from a dwarf female." She kept teasing.

The dwarf female had long auburn hair she wore in two braided pony tails down the sides of her head. Her figure was voluptuous. Natalie thought she was rather attractive.

"Bah! What did you expect, her to have a beard?" Ahira asked gruffly.

"Well...yes actually." Natalie giggled again. "Do you think the male dwarf is her husband or father? He sure does not like the attention she is giving you."

Indeed the male dwarf yelled at the female dwarf to be more careful and to stop gawking and get back to work and then gave Ahira a cold hard stare. He was also powerfully built and his hair matched the female dwarfs in color.

"Must be her father or brother." Ahira answered. "Whoever he is would not be good for me to talk to her."

"Why? I think you should. She is rather attractive." Natalie was enjoying seeing Ahira blush and squirm in his driver seat on the wagon.

"Dwarves treat their wives, daughters, and sisters like they do their gold...they are very possessive of them and would not do good to start a blood feud now would it? Dwarf females feel the same about their mates...they can be very possessive as well and you don't want a female dwarf mad at you. Dwarves take a mate for life, Natalie, and sex is a very private matter for dwarven males and females."

"Gesh do you dwarves ever have fun." Natalie smiled.

Ahira laughed, "We drink a lot and fight a lot...maybe it's to help with all the sexual frustration."

Natalie laughed as they made it to the center of the settlement and Ahira pulled the reins to stop the horses. Jason and Rain rode up next to them as a tall half elf with black hair walked up to the smiling and next to him was a male drow and a young pretty female human. Ahira climbed down from the wagon and as Natalie was doing the same the half elf man held out his hand to assist her and Natalie allowed him to help her down.

"Thank you." She said smiling.

"My pleasure, my lady. You would be Natalie am I correct?" 

"Yes...how...how did you know?" She asked.

The half elf laughed, "Matron Sinafey sent word of your arrival before you left Athkatla. Her description of your beauty did not do you justice."

Natalie smirked, "Yes I know the whole 'never seen a moon elf thing'."

The half elf laughed, "Actually my mother was moon elf. There are a few villages of your people to the north in the High Forest. They come here sometimes to trade...mostly vegetables since the rocky ground here is not well suited for farming." The rest of the party walked up. "Oh my manners...forgive me I was charmed by her beauty. I am Aravilar, the mayor here." He bowed, "We have prepared sleeping quarters for you as well as made preparations for bathing and food and drink. You are most welcome here and may Eilistraee's blessing be on you all."

Aravilar saw Nalfal and the two greeted each other with a manly hug. "Welcome back, brother."

"Thank you, Aravilar, but we are also here to see Matron Aklice and ask for her help." Nalfal told the half elf.

"Yes we are aware of the reason for your visit, but Matron Aklice is not here at the moment. She left yesterday to take a few of the novices on the High Hunt. She should return tomorrow by mid-morning."

"If she knew we were coming and the reason for our coming then I think it's rather rude for her to go hunting." Natalie said sharply and then gave a small yelp of pain when Christie pinched her. "That hurt!"

Christie grinned, "Hush, silly. The High Hunt is an important ritual for the priestess's of Eilistraee. We can wait one more day. I for one would love a bath and decent food instead of the trail rations we have been eating for days."

Natalie sighed, "Well far be it from me to stop a ritualistic slaughter of some poor animal." Natalie said sarcastically. 

Aravilar chuckled, "It's a little more to it than that. But come I will show you to your quarters. You will find them quite comfortable." He looked at Christie, "And you, sister, I suspect you will want to honor the Dark Maiden before you bathe and eat and Nalfal as well." 

Christie nodded, "Of course."

"Splendid." The half elf pointed to the young female human. "Cefrey will escort you both." He then motioned to the male drow, "Rizzen will show the others to their rooms. We will send fresh clothes and soaps and anything else you may need."

Natalie rolled her eyes at Christie, "You are taking this whole priestess thing way to serious, huh? Since when did you get religious? " She whispered coldly.

Christie smiled refusing to take the bait and argue, "Since she gave me the power to heal your skinny ass." She replied in a teasing manner.

Natalie stomped her foot in a childish manner and then followed the group and the drow Rizzen while Christie and Nalfal followed Cefrey.

The Temple of Eilistraee here was very different than the one in Athkatla. It was of course larger with the settlement surrounding it but the main difference was the temple itself. Carved in the side of the mountain it was a beautiful wonder to behold. The temple was archetypal of drow cities in the Underdark; unlike dwarven kingdoms deep under the ground that shape and carve enhance the natural formation of stone into magnificent dwellings; the drow carve their cities from stone to perfection not leaving any natural formation untouched. Four magnificent columns, two on each side of the entrance, were shaped not for support but for appearance and polished to reflect the sun as were the steps leading into the temple. The inside was just as beautiful and carved and the floor was polished to a brilliant shine like glass and at the far end of the sanctuary was a beautifully sculptured figure of Eilistraee that stood twenty feet high.
