 Chapter 24 - Decent into Darkness

Never does a star's light grace this land nor does the sun send to here its rays of warmth and life; this is the Underdark. The secret world beneath the bustling surface of Faerûn, where the sky is a ceiling of heartless stone and where walls show the gray blindness of death in the torchlight of the foolish surface dwellers that stumble here. This is not their land; not the land of light. Most who come here do not return; this is the Underdark. No surface dweller has ever seen all its depths and corners, nor encountered the countless unknown beasts that lurk within its lightlessness. Despite being such a desolate and dangerous place, it is teeming with life, even holding vast cities that rival some of those on the surface. Illithids, Beholders, Svirfneblin, Duergar, and a plethora of other races call the Underdark their home; but of all the races of the Underdark one stand above the others with their magnificent cities that appear as perfection shaped from the stones in deep caverns beneath the surface. The sense of order and control these cities have however is but a façade; for these are the cities of the drow; the rulers of this unruled world, the deadliest of the deadly and all other races fear them. Ambition, betrayal, and murder are the values that drive the society of the drow; here words such as loyalty, friendship, and love have no meaning; in those splendid cities of the drow the will of Lolth, the Spider Queen, rules all.

Natalie gave an audible sigh as she sat down on the rock floor of a small cavern and slumped her shoulders in despair when Nalfal told them they would make camp here. Per the drow male they had been in the Underdark for four surface days and she had to take his word for it; there was no way for her to actually determine if it was four days or four hundred in this place where the moon and sun never shown their light. To her it felt like weeks since they left the comfortable safety of Aklice's Temple dedicated to Eilistraee and its settlement. The elf took deep breaths trying to get oxygen in her lungs and even in this open cavern she felt claustrophobia due to the poor air circulation. Natalie could not understand why the drow or any of the races and monsters would even wish to make their home in this dark place.

Aklice had gifted the group several items to make their journey easier; Natalie, Christie, Nalfal, Rain, and Ahira had the ability to see in the darkness with their races' night vision; but Jason and Lou had no such ability so Aklice gave them both a thin silver circlet enchanted to give them the same night vision as the others. She gifted Nalfal, Christie, Jason, and Ahira with enchanted black leather tunic armor that was as strong as any plate mail forged due to their need to be more silent as they made their way through the dark tunnels since their mail armor would make too much noise. Aklice provided them with water skins of fresh water and other rations they would need.

Two times the group had already encountered creatures that made this place their home. Nalfal kept them away from the major tunnels that were trade routes and areas that were used and patrolled by the drow, duergar, and other races that called this place home. They were walking through a tunnel that was small and they had to walk single file and then suddenly opened into a cavern when Lou screamed out as a displacer beast, a catlike predator, grabbed him at his feet with one of its two squid like tentacles sprouting from its shoulders. Lou hit the beast with his magic missile spell and it stunned the creature long enough for Ahira to chop the tentacle with his ax to release the wizard. The cat like animal hissed in pain but slunk off hurt to hunt a more easy prey.

The second time was a day later and while scouting ahead Nalfal and Rain reported they had stumbled on a group of derro mining for precious gems ahead of them and there was no other path they could take to avoid them. Nalfal said he counted only eighteen and with surprise the party should be able to kill them. Derro are a small ugly degenerate subspecies of dwarves, augmented and twisted by ancient dark magic who are cruel and vicious and wielded crude but deadly weapons. Nalfal assured them a small party of twelve would be no problem for the strong party.

They entered the mouth of the cavern and Christie cast her Holy Light spell and the area filled with a bright white light. The derro, having spent their entire lives in the darkness of the Underdark were blinded and stunned. The derro's disorientation gave the party the perfect surprise attack. As Rain, Jason, Nalfal, and Ahira rushed in with weapons ready; Lou cast a fireball spell into a group of six dazed derro's burning them all into burning flesh and bones. Natalie cast her magic missile spell into one of the creatures and the series of arcane energy bolts slammed in its chest creating a hole where his heart and lungs used to be and throwing it backwards. The others engaged the derro in melee combat and as Christie was about to draw her sword she noticed a group of three of the ugly creatures rushing towards Rain, who was skillfully fighting off two derro in front of her. Christie spoke her prayer like words of her spell and the area of the three derro was shot through with sheets of roaring flame. The derro hit by the flames gave horrible screams as they died.

Natalie looked over at Christie who drew her sword and shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly, "You think all we can do is heal?" She said and charged into the battle.

Nalfal had been right, the party was much stronger than the ugly grey skinned derro and after a few more minutes the fight was over and they suffered only a few minor wounds that would not require Christie to waste her healing spells on and just a good cleaning with water would stop any infections. As they washed and bandaged their wounds one of the derro jumped up and ran to the opposite end of the cavern to escape into the tunnel. Nalfal took aim and fired his hand crossbow but the bolt missed.

"Stop him!" He screamed. "If he gets away we will have fifty of them hunting us down."

Natalie was the first to react. Saying the words of her spell she held her right arm extended and a large purple hand made of arcane energy grabbed the running derro. Natalie closed her hand a little and pulled her arm in and the magic fist dragged the struggling creature back into the room and then Natalie closed her hand into a tight fist and the derro screamed in pain as his bones were crushed and then it made a gruesome popping sound as the magic fist crushed the creature into a pile of blood, broken bones, and mutilated organs.

"Nice one, Natalie. A little grisly but nice." Lou told her and Natalie gave him a curtsey.

Christie stared at Natalie; she was the only one close enough to notice the evil smile that played on Natalie's lips as the elf sorceress crushed the life from the unfortunate derro. The smile concerned her more than a little as she looked over the room as Jason, Nalfal, Rain and Ahira pulled the bodies of the dead creatures behind rocks to hide any evidence of the battle. Nalfal was concerned that some other race, mainly a drow patrol, may discover the battle and track what or whoever killed the derro so he had the party hide them hoping some carrion beast of the Underdark would find them first and make a meal of the dead flesh. 

Christie shook her head and felt remorse and guilt. "It's getting to easy." She muttered.

"What is?" Rain asked her.

"Killing things...I don't mean like monsters or animals but humanoid things."

"We had to Christie." Ahira told her and put his large arm around her shoulder.

"I know that...I didn't say we didn't have to." She looked at Natalie who was actually cleaning her finger nails with her dagger and ignoring the conversation. "I said it's just getting too easy for us to kill things and not feel anything about it."

"We can discuss moral objections later, we need to move." Nalfal said. "Before something gets here that have no qualms about killing things."

*****************************************************************************

Natalie picked up her staff and muttered the trigger word and a clean white light filled the cavern they were resting in.

"Turn it off, Natalie." Nalfal said as he looked up from his map. "We don't want to attract attention."

Natalie sighed and gave the command word to turn the light off. "I...I just wanted some type of light...to see it." She muttered.

Christie sat next to the elf and tried to put her arm around the mage but Natalie pulled away. "I hate this place." She said. 

Christie nodded and held out her water skin. "You need to drink some water to stay hydrated and when was the last time you ate?"

Natalie took the canteen and took several large swallows before she answered. "I don't know."

The drow got to her knees and leaned behind Natalie to open the elf's pack. She pulled out a linen cloth that served as a wrapper for a thin wafer type cake and broke off a large piece. The cakes were a trail ration used by surface elves and rangers. Just a few bites the wafer cakes would fill your stomach and provide energy. 

"Here eat this." She handed the wafer to Natalie.

Natalie took several bites of the bland wafer and swallowed. "I hate these things."

Christie smiled, "I know, baby, but they are filling and nutritious and light to carry. When we get home we will go to Rookery and you can have as many of their burgers you like...my treat."

"If we ever get home." Natalie sighed.

"We will...we are making great progress per Nalfal."

Natalie looked up at Christie, "Great progress? How do we really know? As far as we know he may be lost and just leading us in circles." She whined and her voice got louder. "Hell maybe he is leading us to a drow city so they can kill us...maybe he wants revenge cause we got Tlueindra killed."

Christie reached out but Natalie pulled way again. "And stop fucking trying to touch me! I don't want to be touched by you or anyone!" Natalie yelled and Christie shrank back.

"Shut up!" Nalfal gave them a harsh whisper.

"You shut up!" Natalie yelled at him and picked her staff back up, "And if I want light then I will make fucking light!" She gave the command word and her staff once again lit up the cavern.

"Natalie stop it! Turn out the light!" Ahira yelled at her.

"No...I want to see some light." The elf replied back.

As her friends continued to tell her to turn the light off no one noticed Nalfal edging to the far side of the cavern; the drow suddenly turned back and ran toward Natalie and grabbed her staff and pulled it from her hand. Once out of her hands the light from the staff extinguished.

"What the hell! I just want..." Natalie started to yell.

"Quiet. All of you." Nalfal interrupted.

Everyone became quiet and using the sign language of the drow, Christie asked Nalfal what was going on and the drow signed back for them to listen. The friends listened and Nalfal, Christie, and Natalie heard it first do to their better hearing of the elf races and then the others heard it, a clicking and clacking sound coming from the tunnel the friends had just used when they entered the open space of the cavern.

"Hook Horrors." Nalfal whispered. "We have to move now."

As the group quickly gathered their belongings out of another tunnel leading into the cavern a Hook Horror emerged and then another. The beasts walked upright and stood about nine feet tall, with a head like a vulture, a neck of crested feathers, and the body of a beetle, whose mottled gray exoskeleton was covered with sharp studs. Instead of hands or claws or paws the creatures front limbs extended into long razor-sharp, blade-like gray metallic hooks, surrounded by red feathers. The monsters seemed to be communicating with one another in a series of clicks and clacks made with their exoskeletons. When they saw the group of friends the two hook horrors gave an awful screeching sound and charged what they considered a meal.

Everyone drew their weapons as Nalfal fired a bolt at the lead monster from his crossbow; the bolt hit the thing in its chest but fell harmlessly to the ground not being able to penetrate the thick exoskeleton. He and Rain then broke off to the right and Jason and Ahira to the left trying to flank the creatures. Lou cast a magic missile spell that hit the lead hook horror in the head and it staggered back stunned but unharmed. Taking advantage of the creature being stunned, Ahira drove the blade of his large ax into the chest of the monster; the enchanted ax blade dug deep into the chest causing the hook horror to scream out again and it turned it's vulture like head to the dwarf and raised its sharp hook arms and swung downward. With surprising agility, Ahira just barely dodged the blow that would have cut him in half and swung his ax again; this time at the creature's leg. The ax bit in deep and the monster fell to the ground just as Jason brought his two handed sword down on the neck of the hook horror. His Holy Blade cut through the monster's neck with ease and the bird head fell away from the body.

As Ahira and Jason battled the one hook horror Natalie cast a spell at the second one; when she was done with the words and hand motions of her spell both her arms were held out on front of her and from her ten fingers flew strands of thin white strings that grew larger the closer they got to the monster and by the time they reached the creature they became thick sticky web like ropes. Natalie's web spell hit the hook horror in its legs and the beast screeched in frustration at not being able to move.

As the hook horror used its shape blades of its arms to slash the webs away, Nalfal closed in with both his swords at the ready and slashed at the beast's body. His blades opened wounds on the hook horrors legs and stomach and it screamed as it slashed down at the drow. Nalfal brought his swords up to parry the blow but was knocked off balance. Rain leap up onto the monster's back and started driving her vampire knives deep into the neck of the creature. It gave a series of screams as the half elf's blades bit deep into it flesh and the hook horror made bucking motions and Rain was tossed off its back, hitting the stone ground hard. Nalfal charged the monster again as Lou cast another spell aimed at the beast that refused to die. A sword made of magic energy suddenly appeared over the head of the hook horror and started slashing and chopping away at the beast. Nalfal continued his attacks as well as Jason and Ahira charged the monster also. Rain tried to join back into the combat but when she took a step she fell to the ground yelling in pain and clutching her ankle. Christie ran forward and cast a healing spell to mend the half elf's broken bone. As Jason and Ahira closed in the hook horror fell to the ground bleeding from the many wounds on its body and trashed around as it died. Nalfal thrust both blades into the creature's chest puncturing its heart.

"Natalie, behind you!" Lou shouted out.

Natalie turned just in time to see a smaller adolescent hook horror raise its blade hands and she screamed and tried to dodge the attack but the beast swung down catching her in the side and the force of the blow threw her up in the air and she slammed into the stone wall. 

"Natalie!" Christie yelled out as the hook horror closed in on the elf.

Lou cast another spell and a purple hand surrounded the beast and then gripped it tight. Using the same motions Natalie had used on the derro days earlier the hand closed tight and the hook horror body was crushed, making a popping noise like a cockroach being squished.

Natalie tried to get to her feet but staggered and fell as she clutched her side and grunted in pain.

"We have to move!" Nalfal shouted.

"Give is a fucking moment!" Christie yelled back as she helped Natalie to her feet. "She's hurt and I just healed Rain but she needs a second to get the feeling back in her foot."

"We don't have a moment. Hook horrors live in large family groups of ten or more. If we don't move now this place with be crawling with them."

Quickly gathering their belongings the party moved in haste. Jason helped Rain, who limped slightly, while Lou and Christie grabbed Natalie and helped the elf as they ran from the room and followed Nalfal. Natalie stumbled several times but managed to keep up with the help of Christie and Lou. They had half ran about another two miles down a dark narrow passage way and it soon opened up into another cavern which was smaller; besides the tunnel in which the friends had entered the cavern was connected but two other tunnels leading into different directions on the other side. Nalfal stopped.

"We can stop here and rest for a few hours and get some sleep." The drow told them. "I will take first watch with Ahira." 

Jason helped rain sit down against one of the walls of the cavern and Christie and Lou helped Natalie sit next to her.

"Here let me look at you." Christie told the elf girl as she tried to pull the mage's enchanted robe above her head.

Natalie winced, "I am fine...just leave me alone." She tried to move away.

"Don't be stupid, Natalie! Your robe may be enchanted to repair itself but your body is not."

Natalie sighed and allowed the drow to remove her robe. Christie took a dep intake of breath when she saw the wound. The monster's bald arm had slashed a deep gash into Natalie's side and it was still bleeding.

"Jesus...that's bad."

Natalie shrugged, "I am getting used to the idea of dying on this side." She muttered and then yelped in pain as the drow started to remove her shirt. "That hurts."

"I imagine it does. Now hold still." Christie prayed as she held her hands over the wound and they started to glow with a white light and the large gash in Natalie's side started to close and then heal.

"See all better." The drow smiled.

Natalie gave her a tight closed lip smile. "Thanks." She said and moved away to sit alone as she opened her back pack and got out some of the wafer cakes and water. Christie shrugged and went to check the others and heal any wounds however minor they may have.

Hours later Natalie was still sitting alone with her head propped against the wall with her eyes closed. She was exhausted but could not sleep. She opened her eyes when she felt someone sit next to her.

"You ok?" Christie asked.

Natalie looked at her, "Am I ok? Let's see...I am tired, hungry for something else but these stupid cakes, have not seen the sun or moon or hell even the sky in God knows how many day, my muscles ache, I was almost killed by some ugly monster thing, and to top it off I am dirty and stink cause I have not had a bath in days...so what do you think?"

Christie nodded, "Yeah stupid question huh? Don't worry Natalie. Per Nalfal only like two or three more days before we make it to the portal."

"Two or three days in this Godforsaken place is two or three more days of chances for us to die. Then what? We don't even know what is guarding the portal...heck it may kill us all in a matter of a second. Then there is this no one is thinking about...being a mage here I am attuned to schools of magic just like Lou and we know something about portals. Just like the one Aklice uses to get here some portals require spells or certain words to activate them and what if this one does? We have no clue what it can be. Lou and I can study it and maybe...just maybe figure out the right words but that could take days."

Christie nodded. "Before we came down here...to the Underdark, you were so excited with the prospect of getting home but now all you can do is see reasons why we can't."

Natalie shrugged. "I...I am sorry for being bitchy earlier but it's this place...I hate it down here. This place sucks every good thought or happiness you have right out of you. And everything down here wants to kill us. I mean is there not one thing or race living down here that can be a little kind."
