 Chapter 26 -- An offer and the escape

Lolth kissed the girl on the lips, this time with passion and Natalie felt such sexual arousal she never felt before by that kiss. She moaned and pressed her body to that of the obsidian black body of the Spider Queen. As they kissed, Lolth's hands spread Natalie's legs apart and she entered the girl's wet sex with two fingers. Natalie gasped aloud as she kissed the goddess back harder. Natalie felt Lolth fingers in her and around her pussy and it was sensual pleasure beyond anything she had ever known. The drow goddess seemed to enter her mind as her fingers seemed to touch places inside Natalie she never knew she had. Natalie orgasmed very quickly, a matter of mere seconds, and it was the greatest orgasm she ever felt. She cried out as her arms wrapped around the beautiful drow and her finger's dug into Lolth's back as she came. Her orgasm lasted for many seconds and felt as if it was ripped blissfully from her body.

After her orgasm ended, Natalie placed her head on the goddess's chest and panted for breath. "More....please more...again please." She whimpered out her pleas for Lolth to please her again.

"Yes, my lovely girl, you shall have more." The Lady of Chaos smiled, "I know what pleases you."

Lolth moved her body and positioned herself so her butt and sex was in Natalie's face while her own head was between the girl's spread legs. Natalie looked at Lolth's sex before she used her mouth on it; she had ever seen a more enticing or perfect vulva. The soft, fine silvery white hairs surrounded a puffy labia majora and her labia minora was naturally spread apart just a little to reveal the perfect shade pink of the inside of her pussy which glistened with moisture from her sex fluid. Natalie inhaled the Spider Queen's scent and to her even that was perfect. Lolth lowered herself and Natalie used her hands to spread the goddess's pussy further apart and brought her mouth to it and started to use her mouth, tongue, and fingers on Lolth to please the chaotic goddess. 

Natalie placed her tongue inside Lolth's sex to taste her lover and she moaned at the taste. Natalie had performed oral sex on a number of girls, much more than she ever admitted to any of her lovers who were stupid enough to ask her the question "how many people have you had sex with?", but she never tasted another girl who tasted as wonderful as Lolth did. Her sense of taste was overwhelmed by the perfect mix of musk, sweetness, and astringent taste. Driven by her desire to taste more of the goddess, Natalie drove her tongue deeper into Lolth's pussy and placed her mouth over it and started frantically licking and sucking. Lolth chuckled at the girl's enthusiasm. 

"Slow down, Natalie, we have a long time to please one another. Enjoy yourself, girl." The Spider Queen told her. "Make me enjoy it as well."

Natalie felt herself blush at the awkward attention she was giving her lover, took a deep breath, and calmed her own sexual desires; she then did what she was very experienced at and started to please her lover. Lolth gave a small gasping moan as Natalie ran her finger over the her sex and touched her now aroused clit and ran her tongue over her pussy. 

"Umm...yes that's much better." Lolth smiled.

While the young human was giving her pussy attention with her mouth, Lolth lowered her head and ran her tongue over Natalie's own pussy, just slightly as not to penetrate the girl, and ran the tips of her fingers seductively over Natalie's inner thighs close to her sex but never touching it. Natalie gave muffled whimper sounds of pleasure and thrust her hips up so to try and entice Lolth to use her mouth more on her own wet pussy. Lolth chuckled again and just kept teasing the other girl.

"Please...please make me cum again." Natalie begged 

"All in good time, girl, enjoy yourself. Do to me what you enjoy to do with your other female lovers." Lolth answered her.

Natalie understood what the goddess meant and after several moments of enjoying the other woman's pussy she used her fingers to stimulate Lolth's clit and ran her tongue over the perfect butt of her lover, kissing it, licking it, worshipping it. Loth gave a small moan of pleasure when Natalie's tongue started to make circular motions around the entrance of her butt and the human girl's fingers expertly played with her clit. Lolth gave another moan of pleasure and her sex was wet from arousal; the young human girl is a very talented lover, the Spider Queen thought as she repeatedly ran her fingers gently over the girl's own wet pussy, teasing her and enjoying how she squirmed with desire to have another orgasm. 

Natalie, encouraged by the moans of pleasure Lolth gave and her strong desire to please her lover, placed her tongue inside Lolth's ass and pressed her face hard against the goddess's butt. She continued to use her fingers on Lolth's clit; stimulating it harder and faster, as she made twisting motions with her tongue inside Lolth's ass. 

"Ummm...yes, Natalie...just like that...ummm I am going to climax soon." Lolth told the young human girl.

More encouraged than before by the goddess's words, Natalie used her tongue inside Lolth's butt harder and faster as her finger's worked her lover's clit. Lolth gave a cry of pleasure when she orgasmed and her body twitched. When the goddess's orgasm ended Natalie quickly placed her mouth back on Lolth's pussy and started sucking and kissing furiously to taste as much as her lover as she could. She barely heard Lolth laugh.

"That's enough, girl. You have pleased me." The Spider Queen told the human girl as she reached behind her and pulled Natalie's head away from her sex by her hair and then got off of the girl.

Natalie gave a whimpering sound of disappointment as Lolth got off of her. She wanted to keep tasting and smelling the Lady of Chaos's sex. Lolth lay on her back and Natalie snuggled up to her and started kissing her chest and nipples.

"You still want more." Lolth said and it was not a question.

"Yes...please...please more." Natalie pleaded as she kept kissing and licking her lover's chest and nipples. 

The Spider Queen smiled and kissed the girl's head and rolled Natalie over to her back. Natalie spread her legs as Lolth kissed her lips and got on top of her. The drow took the girl's small hand and guided it between her legs. Natalie moaned in pleasure at the thought of her finger's entering Lolth's wet pussy, but then she gave a gasp of surprise. Instead of finding the damp sex of a female, Natalie's hand touched a penis; a very large penis. She looked into the eyes of Lolth, who smiled down at her, and then raised her head and looked between her spread legs. Lolth had the same body of an incredible beautiful female drow but between her legs was a large obsidian black penis; Natalie gasped again at the size of it. It had to be fifteen inches long and so thick she could not wrap her hand around it. 

"No....please...it's too big." She whimpered out.

Lolth ignored the girl's plea as she knelt between Natalie's legs. The drow goddess placed her arms next to Natalie's body and smiled down at her and without a word inserted her large cock into Natalie's wet sex. The penis entered Natalie in one long slow thrust. Natalie griped Lolth's arms tight with her hands and anticipated the pain that was to come from being penetrated by something that large, but there was no pain just intense pleasure. Natalie cried out as she felt the large penis go into her, she could feel her pussy stretch to fit the large cock and she could feel it going deeper inside her; deeper than she though was even possible. Then there was something else that made Natalie scream out in ecstasy; Lolth had once more entered her mind and they seemed connected and Natalie could not only feel her pleasure but the pleasure the drow felt as well. She could feel her own wet, warm pussy around the goddess's huge cock. When the drow's cock hit her cervix Natalie cried out in orgasm as she could feel not only the pleasure it gave her but the pleasure it gave the goddess's cock.

Lolth then started to fuck Natalie hard. She lowered her body on of the girl's, placed one of her arms under Natalie's as Natalie placed her hands on her lover's back and gripped her tight as Lolth used her other hand to play with her nipples. Lolth's mouth pressed against the girl's and she kissed her hard as Natalie screamed her pleasure into her mouth as the drow's lower body started thrusting hard and deep into her pussy. Natalie never felt such sexual pleasure in her life as she was fucked by the goddess. She could still feel Lolth's pleasure as well as her own; the drow's hands and mouth seemed to be everywhere at once; Natalie felt every erogenous zone on and in her body touched, caressed, stimulated as Lolth fucked her. Natalie could not form words and all she could do was scream from intense pleasure as she orgasmed over and over. Lolth's endurance seemed impossible for anyone to have as she kept fucking Natalie hard. Natalie could hear the drow's body slapping against hers even over her own cries of passion and she cried out even louder in yet another orgasm when Lolth ran her hands over her butt and inserted one then two fingers into her ass while she kept fucking her. With each orgasm Natalie could feel the sensation of what the Spider Queen felt; she could feel her pussy convulse over the drow's large cock, she could feel her anal muscles tighten and loosen repeatedly over the drow's fingers when she came as if they were her fingers and her cock. 

Natalie did not know nor did she care how long the goddess of the drow fucked her, but it seemed like hours and yet Lolth still kept up her fast and aggressive pace never relenting or slowing and while Natalie had orgasm after incredible orgasm the drow had yet to cum even once. When Lolth finally stopped and pulled her cock out of her, Natalie gasped and begged for more. She was dizzy and felt faint, her body was sore, her thighs quivered, her stomach muscles twitched from her many orgasms, her pussy felt swollen and was sore from the wonderful blissful abuse it suffered, her body felt bruised, her nipples ached from the gentle and even at times pain stimulation they suffered from Lolth; but she still wanted more and begged this lovely goddess to never stop fucking her. Natalie could feel how slick her thighs were from her own sex fluid, she could feel it actually running down her pussy and into her butt crack, she could feel the wet spot on the bed under her butt, caused by her many orgasms and her incredible arousal. Natalie could smell the scent of her own sex in the room.

Lolth laughed at her please for more, "Yes, my sweet girl, you shall have more." She told the begging and panting brunette girl. The Spider Queen was not even breathing hard. 

Lolth lifted Natalie's legs up in the air and placed them on her shoulders and spread them wide apart. Natalie moaned in anticipation of being penetrated once again and she felt Lolth's cock pressed at the entrance of her pussy then her eyes grew wide. Natalie also felt something press against the entrance of her ass. She propped herself up on her elbows and looked down between her legs. Right below Lolth's large penis was another penis, identical in size and shape as the first and it was pressing against her asshole.

Natalie lay back on the bed, "Yes...oh yes fuck me in my ass and pussy, please." She begged her voice hoarse and her throat sore from her screams of pleasure. Natalie even reached down and placed her hands on her butt cheeks and spread her ass apart for her lover's cock.

She knew it was going to hurt, there was no way being anally penetrated by something as large as Lolth's second penis could not hurt; but she did not care. She would endure any sexual pain to continue the blissful ecstasy the drow goddess was giving her.

With another slow but steady thrust Lolth penetrated Natalie with both of her cocks filling the girl's pussy and ass. The cock that penetrated her ass was somehow already lubricated. Natalie could once again feel both her own and the goddess's sensation. She screamed in both pleasure and pain, but the pain was nothing compared to the pleasure she felt and once the goddess was all the way inside both of her holes and she cried out in yet another orgasm. Lolth pressed her body harder against Natalie as she fully entered both the girl's pussy and ass; Natalie's knees were now level with her face and her feet were above her head. Lolth then started to fuck her hard again. Natalie experienced both the blissful feeling of her own pleasure and that of her goddess lover as she was fucked. She could again feel the sensation of her wet warm pussy around a large cock that belonged to Lolth as well as the way her anal muscles expanded and closed around the just as large penis in that hole. She could feel not only her own sexual pleasure but also that of Lolth's and the friction of the two cocks inside her.

Once again she was fucked hard but this time in both her pussy and ass and again she could not form words but just scream out as orgasm after orgasm raked her body. Finally, unaware of how long she was fucked this way, she heard the goddess give a sensual, feminine grunt as she drove both of her cocks deep into Natalie's holes and orgasmed. Lolth gave a series of cries of bliss as her sex fluid filled Natalie's pussy and ass at the same time. Being able to experience both Lolth's orgasms and the feeling of her cum going inside both her holes caused Natalie to orgasm once again but this time it she could not believe how much more incredible it was compared to the others she had. The room spun, her head dizzy, and when she screamed out in her pleasure no sound came from her mouth. Her pussy seemed to explode as it and her ass quivered around the cocks inside her and Natalie felt her sex fluid ejaculate and spray all over Lolth's body and the bed. She was crying, no sobbing, from the pleasure she had just experienced and tears ran down her cheeks.

After several moments Lolth got off of her and Natalie reached out and tried to hold her lover but the Queen of Spider's got off the bed before Natalie could touch her. Even though her sexual arousal had been utterly satisfied, Natalie still desired the touch of the goddess so she watched as Lolth stood in the center of the room and admired the Spider Queen's perfect body.

Lolth clapped her hands and several hundred small red spiders crawled from the cracks and crevices of the walls to surround her. The spiders spun there webs over the goddess's body to form a white robe that clung to the curves of her body as if wet. Once the robe was done the spider's crawled back into the cracks of the walls and floors. The dressing they had formed around the goddess was lopsided and asymmetrical and chaotic as the Spider Queen herself was.

She smiled at Natalie as she walked over to the bed and ran her hand through the girl's hair. "All of what we did and more can be yours. You will be my consort along with the powers I give you. All I ask in return is a show of your loyalty to me. If you reject me then I will send your body and mind back to the Underdark where Talshal shall continue to torture you nightly until she brings you to her city where she will lay you on my alter and sacrifice you. Even if you did manage to get home what does your home and world offer you? Your terrible memories will haunt you the rest of your life. In your world you will be weak and powerless to stop those who want to hurt you. In your world you are just as your God and your uncle and aunt made you...a whore. There is but one escape of your fate, my child, and that is to serve me"

Natalie thought for several minutes and with the memories of what her aunt and uncle did to her still fresh in her mind as well as the incredible sexual pleasure she had just experienced. She looked up at Lolth.

"What...what do I have to do?"

Lolth smiled at the young girl who gave a moan of pleasure as she brushed her hand through Natalie's hair.

"Just a small thing really. Something to prove your loyalty and devotion to me." The drow goddess answered the emotionally disturb girl.

"Will you help my friends get home?" 

Lolth shook her head, "No I need them."

"Need them how?" Natalie asked.

"I need them for you to prove your devotion to me. I will send you back to them and my priestess and her drow will take you back to their city where you will have my protection and all will know you have the favor of the Spider Queen. There you will sacrifice your friends to me and I will give you the power I promised. You may kill Talshal after for the things she has done to you...you may destroy her entire house if it pleases you for you will be my lady Penitent and have the power to do so. You will be a demi goddess who will wield such power and able to summon demons to her side and the drow will worship you as my right hand."

Natalie pulled herself away from Lolth. "I...I can't....I can't kill my friends." She protested. 

Lolth chuckled, "Are they your friends? You barely know them."

Natalie shook her head, "I can't...I love Christie...I can't hurt her."

Lolth laughed harder, "Love? You are incapable of love, Natalie, we both know that."

"I...I tried to love her." Natalie whispered.

"That may be but you don't do you? You can't love; all you know is how to hate; to use people for your own benefit. You thrive on that, girl, on the chaos that you bring into other people's lives. We both know that. To sacrifice them to me is such a small thing for the power I can bestow on you and the sexual pleasures I shall give you as your lover will be even greater than what I have just given you. You thrive on chaos, child, you enjoy the thrill your past action give you, you enjoy destroying people's lives and how powerful it makes you feel. Eventually your actions would destroy Christie and she would come to hate you."

"I...I don't thrive on chaos...I hate myself for what I do to people." Natalie whined.

Lolth laughed, "That is a lie and you know it. You are like a thief who got caught; you have no remorse for your actions but you have self-pity for getting caught. You whole life since the things your uncle and aunt did to you has been made of chaos and you enjoyed it. You enjoyed when you cheated on your lover Christie. Oh not the sex itself so much but the feeling it gave you after. The feeling of the chaos it would cause when she found out. How disappointed where you when the foolish girl never confronted you? The woman that was the mother of your friend you seduced not out of your desire for pleasure but out of spite you held against your friend. And what did you do to that woman, Natalie? When you ended your sexual affair with her what did you do?" Lolth taunted.

"Nothing...I...I didn't do anything." Natalie whispered out.

The Spider Queen laughed, "Liar! You ruined not only her life but that of her family as well. You sent the images of her naked to her husband telling him that his wife...the mother of his three children...was having an affair with another man and it ended their marriage. You sent the images using the magic of that world..." Lolth seemed to think for a couple of seconds, "email...strange word...you sent them to other people at the school you attended to humiliate the girl who was your friend as well. You did not need to do that; to ruin their lives but you did because it gave you perverse pleasure to do so and to cause chaos. You showed no remorse for your actions." Lolth chuckled and nodded her head in approval.

Natalie glared at the goddess, "They were stupid. The girl was so pious and thought she was better than me! They deserved it...all of them did!" Natalie yelled in her anger at the memory as her rage built up inside her.
