 I don't own fallout 4 or any of the characters in this story, everything you read is pure fiction/smut.

*****

Nora was running through the outskirts of boston. She was on her way to Diamond city. Suddenly dogmeat started barking. At the time she didn't know what that meant, because she had only known dogmeat for a day. She was still quite new to this world, so she ignored dogmeats barking for now, and kept on walking. She didn't like the ruins around her, felt like the was being watched. 

She was right, she saw 3 men walking towards her. She thought that if she just kept her head down, and her mouth shut, they would just leave her alone. She was wrong. When they were about 15feet away, they yelled that she should, stop and dont move. Dogmeat started barking, but Nora called him off, and told him to be quiet. 

"Everything was gonna be fine," she said. 

She then turned to the 3 guys, and greeted them with a hello. She thought to herself that in the worst case scenario she would get robbed, which wasn't too bad, because all she had was 58 caps and a 10mm pistol. The men told her to put her gun on the floor and then she could pass, Nora complied without hesitation. After she put her gun on the floor, she said:" i dont want any trouble, im looking for my way to Diamon.."

She was cut off, by 2 other raiders who had snuck up on her. They grabbed both of her arms, and the leader whispered in her ear:" dont struggle, cutie pie!" 

She started screaming, and as a result of that, the 3 raiders in front of her put a gun to her head, and she instantly stopped screaming.

The 2 raiders from behind started running their hands all over her body. She was still wearing that skin tight vault suit. Suddenly all the raiders were touching her. 

If she resisted, she would never find her son, Shaun. She had to just let go, and let them do what they wanted to do. They un-zipped her vaultsuit, and out her perky C-33 breasts flew. One of the raiders told her to get down on all four, and commanded her to suck his cock. She complied without any resistance. 

The leader went around to her ass, and started to rub his hands all around her pussy. She knew what was gonna happen, and she also knew it was out of her control at this point. So she tried to think of something else, like she was in a entirely different place. Suddenly her thoughts were interrupted by the one of the raiders, who had plunged his cock deep inside her pussy. She screamed, and choked on the dick she was sucking. She was shocked that this was happening, she had never experienced this state of life anymore, where you could just get assaulted like this in the middle of the street. 

She was ordered, up on one of the raiders cock, and was ordered to ride it. Now she was also giving a handjob, meanwhile sucking someone, and riding a stranger. The leader then grabbed her firm ass, and started fingering her asshole. She knew what this meant. She wasn't a big fan of anal, but she had done it with Nate a couple of times, so she was prepared for what would happen. He placed his dick outside of her, and slowly pressed it in, meanwhile the first raider was finally finishing in her mouth. She had trouble swallowing, but she managed. She was after all well trained in swallowing from her time before the war. The raider leader started pumping in and out of her ass, and she started moaning. She liked it, being used this way. She started embracing the dirty slut she actually was. She rode faster and faster, and suddenly she felt the cum splash inside of her. The guy she rode finished inside of her. Some STRANGER just came inside of her, and she fucking loved it. She stood up, and was quickly and roughly grabbed by the leader and thrown over the hood of an old car. He quickly grabbed her hair, which forced her to arch her back towards him, and he whispered into her ear:" beg for it" 

She replied:" please sir, please i want it." 

He then said:" who is your master?" 

She then replied:" YOU SIR, YOU, now please fill me!" 

He then complied and filled her up again, all of his 8inch dick, inside her ass. She loved it, being used like a toy. She never wanted this to stop. 

The leader then started a merciless assault on her ass, fucking it so hard so fast, she came 2 times. Nora then said:" come inside me, come inside my ass, i want to you to mark me as yours" 

He whispered in her ear:" you are my slave and as my slave you will come to boston commons, to our hideout and we will use you, every single one of your holes, is ours. We own you.

Nora moaned:" yes, yes, im yours!" 

He whispered:" from now on, every thursday and sunday, you will come here to please my men, and myself."

"you will be here at 8PM" 

Nora then shouted:" YES, I PROMISE, JUST GIVE ME YOUR CUM!"

Shortly after he finished inside of her, and she turned around, and slowly got down on her knees, she then engulfed his yet hard cock, in her mouth, and she started cleaning it up. 

After a few minutes, the last 2 raiders came over to the car, and she quickly got up, and leaned over the car again, and spread her ass cheeks meanwhile, looking over her shoulder. She smiled to them:" whos first?" 

An hour later, she was done, all the raiders were sitting around the camp fire, and she walked naked over the street, where she was first undressed, and picked up her vault-suit. She got dressed, and then went back to the leader, and asked if he could zip up, her suit. He did, meanwhile firmly grabbing her ass. 

He then pointed her in the direction of Diamond city, and told her to not be late on thursday, otherwise it would have severe consequences. 

She replied that she wouldn't miss it for the world.