 Things were getting better. Every morning, the artificial sunlight through Tom's window felt a little brighter, and Kayleigh's sleeping bulk felt a little more relaxed on his chest. They had started making love again, at first slowly and hesitantly, and then with all the abandon that Tom remembered from their earthbound days. He spent his days learning about the universe, then broke from the XP system to have dinner in the backyard with Caroline, Esh and Mona.

On this particular best-morning-yet, he had woken up with his morning wood jabbing Kayleigh in the abdomen. Instead of being angry, she had taken his hard cock in her hands and began diligently stroking. Tom shifted to his back and Kayleigh got on her haunches, breasts dangling around his cock. She studied his penis with the same intensity that she paid to scientific monographs.

Tom groaned and decided to enjoy this small blessing. Kayleigh ran her tight fist up and down the length of his cock, whose sensation was rapidly awakening. When a drop of precum appeared, Kayleigh rubbed it around his head and began focusing her efforts there. Tom stared at her nude body, lithe and peach-coloured, and felt his balls tighten.

"Oh God," he moaned.

Kayleigh just jerked him off with renewed fervour. Within moments, he was spurting cum out. One string jetted out and landed on his stomach, while another pooled in Kayleigh's hand. She wiped the jism off on the sheets and bounded up to her feet.

"I'm gonna go get breakfast. See you down there."

Tom groaned. He supposed he had to get up now.

After showering and putting on some clothes, Tom joined Kayleigh in the kitchen. The aliens had done quite a bit towards replicating twentieth-century human trappings, but they had yet to master cereal. The brown squares that poured out of the box tasted a bit like cardboard, and none of them were sugar-frosted or shaped like cartoon characters. But if you drowned it in milk (obtained from a small colony of cattle bred in the planet's orbit), it didn't taste too bad.

"What are you up to today?" said Kayleigh. Ever since they had gotten here, this had been the open question: how to spend their time without employment or aspiration.

"I'm in the middle of a 41-part course -- an introduction to Galactic Politics," said Tom. "And I've been watching this fictional program -- it's kind of like a sitcom. I don't get all the jokes, but I'm learning."

Kayleigh raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. "I was thinking of going over to Richard's. It's been a while since we've seen him, isn't it?"

"I guess so."

"It's weird. I hope he's all right."

To tell the truth, Tom was glad that they hadn't seen much of Richard lately. He had had enough of the man -- his pompous cynicism, the lecherous way he looked at Kayleigh -- during their trip over here. There was a part of Tom that wanted to cling to everything from his old life, but he was rapidly forming new attachments on this side of the galaxy. Hell, maybe Richard's absence was the cause of Kayleigh's recent improvement.

Tom gestured towards the XP machine. "He's probably just absorbed in all of this stuff, like I am."

"Maybe. Still, I'm going to check on him. You want to come?"

Tom shrugged. Introduction to Galactic Politics lecture 28 was calling him. "I think I'm going to stay here. Maybe clean up a bit."

The place was, of course, spotless -- whatever strange materials the aliens had built this ersatz habitat out of, they seemed to absorb every stain and scratch without any lasting mark. Kayleigh kissed Tom on the forehead. "Try to get some sunlight today, will you Tom?"

"Yes, Mom."

Tom finished off his tasteless cereal while Kayleigh left his house. Afterwards he spread out on the carpet in front of the XP station, made sure he was comfortable, and switched the device on. The world awaited him.

Things were getting better.

--

Kayleigh pounded on Richard's door for the third time. She knew that she had heard some movement in there, and maybe seen a shadow in his shuttered windows. It was impossible for these homes to really go to seed, but there was an air of stillness around the place that she found discomforting.

Finally, the door opened and a grey-skinned alien -- no, a human -- stuck his head through. "What?"

"Um, sorry," Kayleigh said. "Is Richard there?"

The grey man smirked. "Sure. He might not want to see you, though. Or you might not want to see him."

"I want to see him." Kayleigh stepped into the house, not really caring what this weird guy had to say about it.

"Hey, you got spunk. Richard is right this way. Tricky Dick, as I like to call him. You know we're just getting the Watergate broadcasts over here? I mean, we knew it happened, but getting the actual video feeds -- man, that was something else. You guys had some kind of revolution after that, right?"

"You must be thinking of a different country."

Richard was lying on the living room floor. At first Kayleigh thought he was hooked up to an XP station, but there were no chords near him. Richard heard her coming and shot up, alarmed. His hollow cheeks betrayed a lack of sleep and his blood-shot, glassy eyes betrayed first.

"Richard? What's going on? Are you... are you on drugs?"

The professor of Astrophysics raised his index finger. "One. Just one drug."

"Jesus Christ."

"...was an alien!" Richard collapsed into giggles.

Kayleigh turned to Quinn. "What did you give him?"

"I didn't give him anything. We both scored some ruby from this girl I know. He's reacting to it a lot more than I am. Different chemistry, you know."

Kayleigh helped Richard onto the sofa and tried to remember everything she had learned about drugs from movies and TV -- information that she knew was mostly inaccurate. "We need to, um... turn him on his side. In case he vomits."

"Not gonna happen," said Quinn. "Richard is going to be all right. You should have been here the other day..."

She slapped Richard across the face, half out of anger and half in an attempt to snap him to consciousness. "Why are you guys doing this? Jesus, Richard, I thought you were dealing with this better than I was."

"Because it's fun," Quinn said. "Whole world full of chemicals -- why not try some? We're out of ruby, but there's still some DO in the medicine cabinet."

Kayleigh turned on her heels and stared at Quinn. "You. Get the fuck out of here."

"Excuse me? Richard invited me in here. We're friends. I've been here a lot more than you have lately. Hell, I don't even know who you are."

"Get. The. Fuck. Out."

"Oh, are you that student he had an affair with? He jokes about you, you know, but only when he's five drinks deep. Says that he never would have wound up here if it wasn't for you."

The words were like a knife digging its way through Kayleigh's gut, and judging by Quinn's expression, he knew it. She stomped on the floor and pointed at the door. Quinn shrugged and left. Richard had watched the whole thing in a glazed stupor.

Richard's voice was quiet and toneless. "They're not as nice as they seem."

"I know. He's a dick."

"Not Quinn. Quinn is -- Quinn is good. But the made-of-light motherfuckers. The ones who are running this asylum. No good. Hidden agendas."

Kayleigh held Richard. "It's all right. It'll be okay."

"Don't talk so loud. They have ears everywhere."

"It's just the drug. You're paranoid."

"They put us in these houses, Kayleigh. You don't think it would be child's play to bug them? You think they would balk at the morality of spying, after they've abducted us from our planet and taken us a hundred light-years away?"

Kayleigh looked into Richard's eyes. They were blood-shot, but there was intelligence in them, the endlessly inquisitive quality that had drawn Kayleigh to him in the first place. "The League of Worlds, the Erusmi, whoever you mean by 'they'... I can't think of them as evil. They're trying to make the universe better. And look at this place. We have everything we want." In truth, Kayleigh wasn't so sure about what she was saying, but it sounded a lot like the amazed speeches Tom had been making lately. And Tom could always be relied on as a moral compass.

"The greatest evil in the world is always committed by those who are trying to do good," said Richard. "When I hear about people who have grand, utopian designs, I just think of how things could go wrong. And this is the grandest design I've ever seen."

"But it hasn't gone wrong. Things are good here."

Richard shook his head. "Even if you think this place is good -- how can we keep it that way? We have no control. We're just pets in a gilded cage."

Kayleigh decided that she didn't want to debate philosophy with Richard while he was high on who knows what. "We can talk about this later. You getting stoned out of your mind is not going to help anything. Here, let me get you a glass of water."

She got up and poured Richard some water, but he refused it. "We don't know what's in that water."

"Oh, for Christ's sake..."

Richard's burst of verbosity seemed to be fading. "Kayleigh... you have to help... join the resistance."

"You need to go to bed."

"No... can't sleep..."

But he did sleep, falling into a quiet stupor right there on the couch. Kayleight thought of trying to lug Richard's lanky body up to the bedroom, but decided to bring his sheets down instead. To her surprise, the sheets were neatly folded and smelt freshly laundered. Richard must not have slept there in a while.

As she draped a blanket over her former supervisor (was he still her supervisor? Had their academic status been lost in the trip, or was it more persistent?), Kayleigh felt that dark feeling tugging at her ankles once again. She didn't know how Richard, so strong and so rational, could fall into the grips of paranoid conspiracy. This lead her to two possibilities, equally scary: that even someone of Richard's mental strength could not stand up to these conditions, or that Richard was, as usual, right.

She didn't want to be alone with her thoughts, so she went back to Tom's house. But Tom wasn't there. The XP system lay quiet on its stand -- an unusual state of affairs. Maybe he had decided to explore the outside world after all.

Kayleigh went upstairs and flopped down on Tom's bed. It really was remarkable how perfectly the aliens had mimicked your typical suburban starter home, down to the stucco ceilings and off-pink bedroom walls. She could have been in any one of her childhood friends' houses, passionately arguing that Barbie could too be an astronaut.

She tried to think of a solution to the Richard problem. As far as she could tell, he had fallen into some weird hippie-junkie-terrorist circle, and was consumed by the paranoia of the campus communist. At first she thought of calling in some authority, maybe just even telling Mona what was going on. But she wasn't sure that the powers that be would respond all too compassionately. They might just ship the whole gang off to some kind of space jail. And even if they were kind, an intervention by the League authorities would probably just convince Richard he was right.

What about an intervention by his friends? Kayleigh had seen countless such scenes in movies and TV, but had no idea how to arrange one herself. And it would be a short session, with few speakers and not much evidence. Kayleigh had seen him strung out once, on a drug whose adverse effects she didn't even know. She could hardly prove that he had a problem -- and whatever of the scientist was left in Richard would demand proof.

Kayleigh couldn't decide on a course of action, and let her thoughts drift off-topic as she stared at the ceiling. She was trying to recall whether or not she liked asparagus when the doorbell rang. Kayleigh didn't want to move. "Come on in!" she yelled.

Downstairs, the door creaked open. A bright voice yelled upstairs. "Tom? Kayleigh? Is anyone home?" It was Caroline. Relief flooded through Kayleigh.

"I'm upstairs!"

A moment later, Caroline appeared in the bedroom's doorframe. "Hi Kayleigh. I brought this list of XP programs to watch for Tom. I slipped in some erotic ones -- interspecies romance, group love stories. Nothing hardcore, but it should get his mind on the right things, you know?"

"You still want Tom to... join us?" Kayleigh had met Caroline and Esh for what they simply called "play" a couple times since that first tipsy afternoon. The previous time, Caroline had innocently suggested that they turn their threesome into a foursome.

"Why not? The more the merrier, huh? And Tom's pretty damn cute, if you don't mind me saying so."

For Kayleigh she had two very separate love lives: her relationship with Tom, which was good and pure and everything she knew she should want, and her infidelities, which the exhilarating but undeniably dark part of her life. Caroline seemed to think that mixing the two would make both parts good, but Kayleigh was pretty sure that it would corrupt the one wholesome things she had.

"I told you," Kayleigh said. "Tom is very imaginative when it comes to sci-fi and all that stuff, but when it comes to relationships he's totally conventional. Hell, you should have seen his reaction that time I wanted to handcuff him."

Caroline giggled. "I was the same way, back on Earth. I thought kinky sex was when the woman gets on top. But when you look at all the different types of creatures there are out there in the universe, and all of the crazy ways they love each other... well, our human scruples don't seem to matter much."

"I don't know," Kayleigh said. "I kind of like it when sex is forbidden. Everyone wants to make it fun and cheerful, but it's better when it's naughty and dirty."

Caroline leaned in close to Kayleigh. "Oh yeah? And what kind of naughty and dirty things do you like."

"Kissing another girl is pretty dirty. Evil, if you listen to a lot of people."

Caroline pressed her sweet lips to Kayleigh's. Kayleigh took a moment just to enjoy the warmth of Caroline's presence, so close to her. The bubbly blonde had sat down in her lap without Kayleigh really noticing. "Just kissing?"

"Well... maybe some other things. Even dirtier."

"Filthy."

"Nasty."

"No good."

They were suddenly in a frenzy, grabbing at each others clothes and trying to press their lips to every part of each others' bodies at once. They inadvertently butted heads, but this was not about to stop them. Caroline pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it into a corner. She wasn't wearing a bra underneath, and her breasts shone like beacons. Kayleigh dove in, rubbing her lips and nose and tongue up against her neighbour's chest.

Kayleigh had Caroline's skirt bunched up in her fists, and was trying to pull it off while not breaking away from the other girl at all. Caroline fell to her back, and scooted under Kayleigh's taller body. Her skirt came off, and while it did her moist pussy, still contained in plain cotton panties, rubbed against Kayleigh's torso. It was like an electric shock.

"Oooh," said Kayleigh.

Caroline's eyes twinkled. "It feels even better if you have less clothes on."

Kayleigh slid off her jeans and let Caroline remove her shirt. She wasn't even thinking about how weir it was to be with a girl (and here she had always thought she was straight), or to do so in Tom's bed. All she cared about was this beautiful blonde lying beneath her who needed ravishing.

She shifted forward, drawing out a gasp from Caroline. Caroline rapped her legs around Kayleigh and urged her on. The two girls' barely-covered pussies were pressed right up against each other, a thoroughly enjoyable union. Kayleigh shifted forward again, making the same rolling motion that she would if she was fucking Caroline with a cock, and drawing the same ecstatic gasp.

It was an uncontrollable descent into crazed writhing. Kayleigh was sure that she should take her underwear off, maybe go down on her friend... right after she rubbed against her one more time. And then another "one more time".

Soon the two women were wet and slippery, and were sliding along each other with practised ease. Kayleigh could feel Caroline's hard nipples poking into her own chest and see the blonde screw her eyes up in ecstasy. She began thrusting faster and faster, mashing her moist pussy against Caroline's. Their frenetic activity was heading to a decisive, and very pleasant end.

Caroline came first, spasming against Kayleigh as she cried out her orgasm. Kayleigh managed to stay on top of the bucking Caroline, and strike her clit up against the other woman's mons in just the right way to set off fireworks inside of her. Kayleigh balled up the sheets in her palms and held on tight as a bright orgasm rocked her.

When Kayleigh came down from that high, they were both panting and both wore looks that were a mixture of brain-dead exhaustion and complete wonder.

"I guess these panties are totally shot," Caroline said.

"Who needs them?" Relishing in a moment of being carefree, Kayleigh tore her soaked underwear off her body and let her cunt taste the open air. Caroline giggled and followed suit.

Caroline flicked her hair over her shoulders and looked up and down Kayleigh's trim body. "You know, I really want to eat you right now."

Kayleigh blushed, but tried to put on the same level of bravado. "You know what? Go for it."

Caroline lay Kayleigh down across the bed and hovered over her. The blonde took her time, laying soft kisses across Kayleigh's clavicle and hard nips on her shoulder. She hovered down above Kayleigh's breasts and softly caressed them before taking her friend's left nipple in her mouth. Kayleigh arched her back off the bed with a long groan. She felt as though she was about to melt, and couldn't be happier about it.

But things got better. Caroline laid her soft kisses across Kayleigh's abdomen, and then finally reached the delta of her sex. An involuntary shiver ran through Kayleigh's body the first time Caroline's wet tongue touched her clit. Kayleigh felt herself open up to the pleasurable intruder. Caroline licked her slit lasciviously, and Kayleigh had no choice but to grab her by the hair and press her face further in.

Caroline ate pussy energetically, like she was devouring a delicious meal, but at the same time her touch was always soft and tender. She held Kayleigh's thighs apart with her hand, prying her neighbour wide open. Her tongue alternated between exploring the depths of Kayleigh's cunt and lapping around her hard clit. Caroline kept her eyes glued to Kayleigh's this whole time, making sure that the beautiful brunette knew exactly who was bringing her to the heights of pleasure.

Kayleigh felt her world growing dim as orgasm approached. "Fuck!" Her hips began to jog unconsciously. "Fuck meeee!" She mashed Caroline's face into her bucking cunt, and was about to let herself go completely.

And that was when she saw Tom in the doorframe, with a bag of milk. He had got some sun after all. His mouth was open, but no sound was coming out. Kayleigh wanted to say something, but at that moment all she could do was come.

It would be more respectable to have a quiet and furtive orgasm, but the more Kayleigh wanted to reduce her pleasure the more it seemed to grow. It was a great and terrible thing, and it filled her up, making her scream with delight and writhe on her sheets, their sheets. Tom's ashamed gaze seemed only to drive her further onwards into pleasurable madness.

Tom bit his lip. "Kayleigh. Why are you... why are you doing this?"

Caroline turned over, her chin glistening with Kayleigh's juices. She saw Tom for the first time and smiled. "Oh hey Tom. Wanna join in."

Tom looked as if she had just asked him to take a shit on his mother's chest. "Why are you doing this to me?"

Kayleigh was finally coming down from that long, terrible orgasm. She tried to find a sheet to tug up around herself for dignity, but they were all soiled with sapphic sweat. "Tom, I..." She had nothing to say. There was no excuse for her actions. "I fucked up. I fucked up a lot."
