 I know these stories are a dime a dozen but they're one of my favorite genres and I thought of this way of telling it with an interesting twist. I hope you like it. Any feedback would be great. There's a lot of ways I could take this one so just let me know.

***

I met my husband nearly twenty years ago at a party some friends had thrown. He was standing in the corner, quiet and commanding as if the party was beneath him. I saw him scanning the room, looking for something and I found myself staring at him hoping it was me. The dark Mediterranean skin of his bald head glistened in the dim light of the room. I noticed the strong, muscular neck and the arms that filled the tight fitting polo shirt he was wearing. The single gold hoop earring the one incongruous item on a man that otherwise projected an imposing appearance. 

I screwed up my courage and walked up to him, emboldened by the fact that nobody had approached him despite the obvious lack of a ring. I still remember the surprise on his face as he looked at me. I'm just okay on my best day, I've always been athletic though guys invariably think they're flattering me when they call me thick. But the way he looked at me, I felt like my whole soul was laid bare to him and my physical appearance wasn't even in his top 10 list of things he considered. 

"Bold to walk up to me. What's your name?"

"Rebeccah," I said. He swears my voice didn't falter but I remember it nearly dying in my desolately dry throat. 

"I'm Gene, Rebeccah. It's very nice to meet you. Would you care to dance?"

And so we did. We danced for hours that night. He spun me and twirled me, shifting between songs and styles and making me feel like I was a ballroom professional. At first I was self-conscious of the spectacle we were making, our display eclipsed everyone in the room. But eventually it all faded and I just found myself getting lost in the blue eyes of this majestic stud.

When we went home that night, it never entered my mind to deny him. We fucked for hours and, despite my near exhaustion from the dancing, I kept up with him and the blistering pace he set. Just like the dancing, he moved me around, lifting and bending and twisting me into a variety of positions. His cock was magnificent, the perfect size for me and he carried me to five screaming orgasms before he unloaded inside of me. 

That was over twenty years ago now and we've been together ever since. I've given him three beautiful children, a boy and two girls, and we've lived a wonderful life. It turned out Gene was independently wealthy, possessing a significant family fortune. We've never wanted for anything. The only problem was... well... it's hard to explain.

I've managed to stay somewhat attractive over the years. I work out and buy only the best, most perfectly tailored clothes. I want to always look attractive for my husband as just a small thank you for all he's done. But it's gotten harder over the years. Gene has aged remarkably well and looks almost the same as the day I met him. Good genetics run in the family as he's the spitting image of his grandfather whom he inherited most of the family fortune from. That man you wouldn't have guessed was a day over 30 when he passed away. And Gene was similarly blessed. I was more and more self-conscious with each day. More and more aware at the way women would look at my husband and I. When I was younger, I consoled myself that I was almost in his league appearance wise. But as the years passed, I could no longer delude myself of that. I'd see these other girls looking at him, flirting with him, flaunting their youth and beauty. And I'd get jealous and nervous... and... aroused.

It was after one such day where he'd gone to check on an investment he had, a student housing building on campus in Atlanta. One girl in particular had gotten under my skin. A tiny little blonde named Britnee... because of course that was her name. "Britnee with two Es," she said when we first met. She was the resident director and was showing us around. The bitch.

"Mr Adalai, it's so nice to meet you, Sir. You're much better looking in person," she said as she blinked her eyes at him. "Is this your assistant?" she asked, looking at me with scorn. Bitch.

"This is my lovely wife, Rebeccah," he said as he looked around the common room.

I smiled and extended my hand, grateful for the small little triumph, "Nice to meet you Britnee," I said. Her smile curled up in a sinister way.

"I'm sure it is. Let me show you two around the place," she said and flounced off. She was wearing a pair of obscenely short shorts and heels. Who wears Daisy Dukes and four inch heels? I mean other than Daisy Duke, I guess. Seriously? And yet I couldn't help stare at her perfect ass. I looked out of the corner of my eye at Gene, curious if he'd noticed the little coed and her pronounced hip waggle. I thought I saw his eyes flick down momentarily before going back to the inspection that brought us here, checking the building.

She was like that for the whole half hour we were there and it drove me nuts. I was so jealous and turned on, I jumped my husband's bones the instant we got home. Within five minutes I was sinking down onto that perfect cock and riding him while he watched me with love in his eyes.

"Please, Gene. Fill me up baby. Make yourself happy with my body," I begged. I needed to know that my body still brought him the happiness he deserved. "Does that feel good lover?"

"Of course, my dear," he said and shoved his cock up into me hard. It took my breath away and I had to grip the headboard hard to avoid collapsing onto him.

"You think it's better than hers?" I asked, scared of the answer but needing to know. Something compelled me to press. 

"Who's?" he asked as his fingers worked expertly on my nipples.

"Britnee's," I gasped snarkily as he flexed his cock inside me. God it felt so perfect to be filled up like that.

He chuckled as I rode him, "Of course, my love. You're the only woman for me."

I smiled at him but I'd been married to the man for 20 years. I knew when he was holding something back. "But you noticed her tight little body, right? The way she flaunted it at you?" His silence simply confirmed I was right. "Did you notice her nice perky tits?" I asked as I held my own breasts up to him. They weren't large but they had some sag to them from age and children. I knew they still looked good to him but surely the 20 something coed had objectively nicer ones. 

He grunted and shoved his cock up into me, causing me to gasp. His hands pushed mine away from my breasts and he squeezed them, harder than I normally liked but with a possessiveness that I found intoxicating in the moment. This was MY man. "Of course I noticed the little slut, my love. But she's nothing to me."

"It's okay, lover. It's okay to imagine her on top of you right now. Filling her tight young cunt with your cock. Your seed. Your love. Imagine that little slut getting everything you're giving me and more," I said. I saw the change in his expression. That restraint that he normally had disappeared and something primal took over. He flung me off and remounted me from behind. He wasn't gentle, simply slamming into me and causing me to scream out loud. "Yes... fuck my slutty cunt you fucking stud. Give me what those preppy limp dicked fuckers here can't give me. Fuck!" 

"Is this what you wanted, Rebeccah?"

"I'm not that fat old cow of a wife. I'm Britnee with two fucking E's and all I want is to be fucked until... fuck me... what's left of my... oh God! Stupid bimbo brain is gone. Fuck!" I said as I started cumming hard all over his cock as it pistoned out of me faster and harder than I could remember. As soon as I came, I felt his grip on my hips tighten and he started slamming in deeper. His hand snaked into my hair and shoved my face into the mattress as he took what he needed from my spasming body. Despite the overwhelming pleasure, I tightened myself around him, knowing how much he enjoyed that and just a couple minutes later he gave me one last, hard thrust as he filled me up and shot his load deep into my hungry cunt. 

I collapsed onto the bed underneath him, enjoying his weight on top of mine. He kissed my neck sweetly and whispered, "You know I only have eyes for you, my love."

"I know, honey. It's just a harmless fantasy," I said, though in the back of my mind a voice was telling me it wasn't harmless and it wasn't just a fantasy. That voice scared me. 

After such a thorough fucking, I stumbled into the bathroom on unsteady legs. I had a giant smile on my face, the kind of smile you only get after being blissfully pounded into oblivion. When I came back, my studly husband was laying in bed, still naked. I marveled again at how good he looked. He kept himself in remarkably good shape and his toned legs put all those young college boys to shame. I really couldn't blame Britnee for throwing herself at this perfect specimen of manhood.

I put on an old ratty t-shirt of his, savoring the smell of him that lingered on it and crawled into bed, curling up beside him. He started rifling through Netflix until I saw something that piqued my interest. A comedy special with a british comedian I really enjoyed, James Acaster. "Can we watch that?"

"After that fucking? We can watch anything you want, babe," he said and I cooed softly at the sweetness in his voice as I snuggled closer. I ran my hands along his powerful pecs and down his abs. The hard, coiled muscles underneath the skin were like iron. Maybe I could entice him to round two?

But then, as with most things for middle age couples, we got distracted. Both of us were laughing out loud as this snarky british comedian kneeled on the ground, delivering a routine built around loopholes. 

"Everyone's favorite loophole? Infinite Wishes," he said and I laughed again but I noticed that Gene wasn't. I guess the joke was too obvious for him. 

"Clever... that is a clever loophole for a situation that, let's face it, none of us are ever going to end up in ever. We showed those stupid genies. Stupid genies!"

I was still laughing and Gene was simply staring at the screen. "Do you not like this, hun?" I asked.

"I just don't like this bit," he said, "It's fine though." His whole body was tense. "Just annoyed when people joke about this?"

I paused the show for a moment, "Infinite wishes?"

"It just doesn't work that way," he said with seriousness.

"Well it's genies honey. It works however the author wants it to work," I said with a laugh. He frowned before gesturing for me to start the show back. I let the conversation die and went back to the comedy routine.

"Some people don't like infinite wishes. Not a valid wish, they'll say. Okay. Fair play. I won't say infinite wishes again. Okay, great... what's your first wish then?... Infinite genies," he said to raucous laughter from the crowd and myself. Gene wasn't laughing but at least his scowl had disappeared. 

"Infinite genies?" he said with a growing smile on his face. The comedian continued on but my husband kept muttering, "Infinite genies," under his breath, pondering something. He looked at me for a moment then hopped up out of bed. I paused the show again.

"What's wrong, Gene?"

"Uhmm... Hold on," he said as he went into our closet and turned on the light. I heard the beep, beep, beep of his private safe. He knew how much I hated guns and had the safe installed when we'd first moved in so that I didn't have to worry about them. I hadn't looked inside in nearly 15 years and he almost never opened it. 

"Honey?" I called out, concerned. "What do you need in your safe at this time of night?"

He came out of the closet looking uncharacteristically embarrassed. Almost sheepish. Honestly it was the most disconcerting expression on the man. I'd never seen him look like this. He held something behind his back and I was starting to get nervous. "I... Uhmm... I've kept a secret from you, Rebeccah," he told me. As stupid and irrational as it sounded, my mind instantly snapped to Britnee. Had they met before? Was that why she was so flirty? That bitch!

I kept my cool and reined in my emotions, forcing sweetness into my voice, I asked, "What is it, my love?"

"I'm uhmm... I'm not... well... I'm not who you think I am... I mean... You know how you've been getting older and..."

"Gene... have you been having an affair?"

He blinked at me, stunned before laughing out loud, "What? No!" he said. The truthfulness in the response was reassuring, "No... of course not. No... It's just... I'm... well."

"Just tell me then Gene. We'll get through anything, I promise. But please tell me because you're really scaring me."

He pulled out something from behind his back. It was a small golden object that looked like a teapot... or... a genie lamp? "I'm a genie... or... I used to be?" he said letting the silence hang in the air.

What did he say? A genie? What? I looked at him and nearly fell off the bed laughing. "Oh god... you had me... where the hell did you get that? How long have you been waiting for something on TV to bring up genies so you could make this joke?"

He sat down in bed again, cradling the faux genie lamp in his arms as gently as he'd ever held any of our children, "It's not a joke, Rebeccah. I'm serious."

"Seriously hilarious," I told him still chortling.

"Rebeccah. Why do you think I haven't aged?"

"Stop, Gene. I'm not going to play this silly game."

"Rebeccah, listen to me. Find a picture of me. Or my grandfather. Find one anywhere and look at them. Really look at them."

Something about his tone told me I should play along. I grabbed our wedding album and flipped through it, looking for a good picture. "Hold it up and look at them." I did as he instructed. They were remarkably similar. In fact, nearly identical. The only difference was... the scar. About a week before the wedding we'd gone on a rafting trip. It had started out pretty rough and, at one point, I'd whacked him on the head hard with a paddle, cutting him pretty good and giving him a nice scar across his bald scalp just in time for the wedding. 

I flicked the light on and looked at him now. The scar wasn't there. "Find a picture of my grandfather," he whispered. I rummaged through the drawers and found an old family photo album. There was a slightly grainy picture of his grandfather next to a beautiful woman. They looked like quite the happy couple. His grandfather also looked exactly like Gene. Exactly. I flipped through some more. And there were more photos of the two of them. His wife kept aging and he didn't. He stayed exactly the same... exactly like Gene. 

"What the fuck, Gene? What the actual fuck? Tell me the truth!" I said, feeling pretty worked up at this moment.

"I... that's not my Grandfather. That's me, Becks. I've been free for over twenty six hundred years. The story of Aladdin is my story. Mostly at least. He's my last and greatest Master. The one that freed me."

I laughed nervously but his eyes bore into me, searching for something. I knew when my husband was lying or keeping something from me. This wasn't that. "But your dad... I've met him?"

Finally he gave a little laugh. A nervous snicker. "That's my son actually. That's been the easiest way to do this. I pass my wealth to a kid, fake my death then come back as my own grandson."

"This is messed up, Gene," I told him but my mind was spinning. I was imagining growing old beside a man who never aged, "Did you tell the other ones?"

He nodded his head, "I had to. I couldn't not tell them. Usually it's around this time anyways. With the kids grown and... "

"Wait... does our son know, already?"

He shook his head, "No... No... of course not, my love. You deserve to know first, of course. Stupid as it sounds, it made me feel better knowing I was the first person he told. Well, the first living person.

"Why now? Just because of the stupid genie bit on TV?"

"No... well... yes, actually. It was what he said."

"The infinite wishes, part?"

He shook his head, "No..." he paused and I could see him calculating my reaction, "The infinite genies part."

"Wait... that would work?"

"Yeah... sort of... I don't think you could actually wish for infinite genies. But you could use one wish to wish for one more genie lamp to be brought to you or made. There are thousands of genie lamps on earth and millions of genies trapped in the land of the Efreets."

"Land of the..." I said. 

"It's where I'm from," he said, shaking his head, "Not important right now. The point is, I could go through them one at a time and spend one wish getting whatever I... whatever we wanted, one wish asking for another genie lamp and one wish freeing them. I could free all my brothers and sisters," he said. He was looking a little manic but the sparkle in his eye was the same one he got when he was excited about a new project. His passion for things was infectious and I jumped out of bed, giving him a huge hug.

"Okay... let's do it. We just need to find a genie to start, right?"

He nodded, "Yup. But I don't know where any are. We might spend years looking for one. Centuries even. I've spent some time looking and they're incredibly hard to find. I've only ever found one."

"You found a genie? What would a former genie wish for from another genie?"

"Perfect health, to always be able to find my soul mate in each lifetime and the freedom of the other genie," he said. 

"So that's how you became... like this? Immortal?"

He shook his head, "No... I was unaging before but I was otherwise mortal and normal. I got sick and tired of falling ill or having to spend two months healing a broken bone. So now I don't get sick and I heal super quickly. It's quite helpful, I've found." 

I did the math in my head, "So in nearly three centuries you've only found one?" He nodded. "What about making one? You said you can make one?"

"We'd need someone willing to go into a lamp. It's an easy sell to genies. They live under the eternal servitude of the Efreets so the idea of being eternally trapped but away from our former masters is pretty appealing by comparison. But that only works if you make one within the bounds of the Eternal Caliphate."

I snickered and Gene frowned, "Sorry... just... Eternal Caliphate sounds like something a teenager makes up for his Dungeons and Dragons game or something."

He smiled and returned my laugh, "I guess it does. It's another realm though. A horrible place. I'd love to free a brother or sister but I can't do it without genie magic. So we need to find one here."

I thought about it. Something tickled the back of my brain and I simply had to ask, "Does it have be be a genie in the lamp?"

He paused, "Yes... well... no... I guess not... The lamp binding gives all the magic. But the magic only works with someone who freely consents. Otherwise you could even bind a dog or something and it would theoretically work."

"And you know how to make a lamp otherwise?" I asked eagerly.

"Yesss?" he said, sensing the trap I was laying.

"Then make me a genie!"

"Becks... Rebeccah... I can't... "

I pouted, "Why not? It'll make me immortal and you'll just free me with your third wish anyways, right?"

"Uhmm... no... Actually... the maker of the lamp is always the master of the genie. It's how the immortality works. I will continue to live as long as the maker of my lamp lives. Once you're a genie, you can never be truly free."

"I wouldn't mind, Gene," I said. I found the idea very attractive actually. The thought of serving my husband for eternity had a certain... appeal to it.

"It's painful, too. That's the other part," he said.

"How painful? I did give birth to three children. And the last one was pretty big," I reminded him. Our youngest daughter had been born 15lbs 7oz. It was a record for the hospital and I have a picture of each nurse and doctor holding the gigantic baby.
