 Sorry for the delay. I'm probably juggling more stories than I should be right now but I keep getting inspired so apologies if I flit around a bit. Keep up the kind words and support. I'm really touched and they're what keeps most of us recurring writers writing. Hope you enjoy this chapter. Expect to get a little more into the conflict and story tension in the next chapter.

If you've never had sex as a sex genie, I highly recommend it. I'm sure it's very good. But the first sex I had as a sex genie was even better. My husband had wished that he was my perfect lover so it was exactly that. Perfect. And perfect sex for a newly created sex genie is absolutely, mind bogglingly blissful. 

That first night, we fucked for hours. He flung me around and used me and fucked me just the way he wanted which, because of his wish, was precisely what I wanted as well. Gene had always had great stamina, thanks to his own wish hundreds of years ago, I learned. But now he was a fucking machine. And it was glorious.

I laid out on the bed, arms and legs splayed wide and feeling very nearly comatose from the evening's activities. Gene leaned over and kissed me, his tanned, mediterranean skin contrasting sharply to my golden hue. Wait... my golden hue?

I jumped up, pushing my new Master to the side and running into the bathroom. I flicked on the light and was stunned by what I saw looking back at me in the mirror. I was gorgeous. I'd always been self conscious about my looks. My weight, my hair, my legs, my tits. I had always been critical of it. Excessively so perhaps. But knowing that you're being obsessively worried about something doesn't stop you from worrying about it. It just gives you yet another thing to feel guilty about. I'd gotten worse over the years as babies had changed my body and the armor of youth had begun to fade, I'd become increasingly obsessed with my appearance. 

But now, every flaw I'd ever pointed out about myself was gone. My legs were toned with the perfect hint of muscle. My waist had shrunk substantially and my ass was now perky and bubbly. And my tits. Oh my God. My tits. They were absolutely perfect C cups. They hadn't looked like this when I was 18, let alone now at 42. And they didn't have that fake bolt on look that you get from a boob job either. They were simply... perfect. And my hair... my hair wasn't stringy or thin anymore. It hung straight down to the middle of my back but with body to it. Pure gold rather than the dirty blonde I hated. And it looked perfect despite the marathon fuck session I'd just had with my Master.

My... Master... I couldn't think of him any other way. I tried to form the word "Husband" in my brain. I could do it but the instant I attached it to him, I just wasn't able. I shuddered. That was a huge fucking turn on. Master.

My Master walked up behind me, "Do you like what you see, dear?" He kissed my neck, his lips hitting that precise spot that I loved so much. I think I actually purred in response. "The magic wipes away all your flaws. At least as you see them. It makes you the perfect version of yourself you always dreamed about."

"Did you know it would do this?"

He nodded but didn't look embarrassed or ashamed. Why should he? He was my Master. Shouldn't I have been upset about this? He did something to change me without asking. Did I care? Should I care? No. He was my Master.

"I love it, Master," I said as I sank to my knees and worshipped his magically perfect cock. "But something occurs to me, Master. You wished to be my perfect lover, but I'm not yours."

"Don't be ridiculous, babe. Look at you, you're perfect."

"That's nice of you to say, Master. But I know I'm not. Besides, if you're really my perfect lover, then I already know what you're thinking about. Do it. Embrace it," I said as I moved to suck on his cock. As I looked up into his eyes, I saw the change. I saw the moment when he realized that these impulses he was having were from his own wish. 

He pushed me back, leaving me sitting naked on the cool tile of our bathroom as I stared up at my new God. My Master. He walked over to the lamp I'd summoned. It was a small, silver lamp that shone in the dim light of our small bedroom. He looked at me with a look I'd never seen before. It was a look of pity, love and... yes... a little bit of cruelty. My cunt gushed simply from that look. I knew he understood now. He understood my dark, secret need. "Is this what you truly want, my pet?"

"Yes, Master. More than anything," I said in a pitiful, pleading voice. I crawled over to him as he held the lamp, rubbing it.

I knew instantly that I'd done a good job. He'd asked for the sexiest genie I could find and, I realized now, an unconscious part of my mind told me that he meant the genie that he would find the most attractive. And that's exactly what I summoned. And it's exactly what appeared. 

A cloud of orange mist filled the room, pooling on the ground and swirling into a funnel like some sort of upside down tornado. No wind accompanied the swirling gas. No papers rustled. It was almost disturbing if it hadn't been so damn exciting. As the orange smoke coalesced, it formed into the shape of a woman. Not just any woman, however. No, this was a goddess amongst goddesses. Objectively, on any human scale, I was a 10. I knew that now without any self doubt or concern. But the woman in front of me eclipsed my beauty every bit as much as my new appearance overshadowed my old.

Her skin was even darker than my master's, a deep golden brown that was flawless and smooth. Her hourglass shape was perfect, right at the edge of being too much. Her smooth, toned stomach showed a hint of abs and her tits were even bigger than mine and somehow impossibly defiant of gravity. Her dark red hair hung around her face, hanging down almost to her ass and framing the most beautiful, perfect visage of anyone I'd ever seen. I heard my Master whisper, "Good girl," as he walked forward to the new genie in front of us.

"I am Aaliyah," she said bowing her head in submission, "Oh great one, you have summoned me and I am now permitted to grant you three wishes..."

My Master cut her off abruptly with a simple gesture of his hand. Somehow, the assertion of that power of this mystical being turned me on immensely. 

"Aaliyah, I have a proposition for you. If you please me with my first two wishes, I shall use my third wish to free you. Understand?"

Her eyes went wide. She started to nod but caught sight of me. "Why should I believe someone who already had an enslaved genie. Why have you not freed her?" her eyes narrowed as she grew suspicious of my husband's offer.

"This is my wife, Rebeccah. She doesn't want to be freed from me. It arouses her to be bound to me in this way. Isn't that right, Rebeccah?"

"Yes, Master. He was going to free me but I asked him not to," I added helpfully. I couldn't take my eyes off of Aaliyah. She was absolutely stunning. I felt that pit of jealousy in my stomach, imagining my Master bedding this woman that I couldn't hold a candle to even with my mystically enhanced looks.

"I am open to your suggestions, my Master. But I will not hold out hope," she said, trying to sound aloof. He simply nodded.

"First wish then. Bring me another genie lamp," he said simply. 

She looked a little surprised but cracked a small smile and nodded. With a small pop, another lamp appeared in the room, resting on the dresser next to mine and Aaliyah's. 

"Next, I wish to be irresistible to women who will attempt to please me however they can."

"You leave a lot of loopholes with that one," Aaliyah warned. I knew what she meant. Something about being a genie clued me in to that kind of thing. I could think of... 343 ways that this wish could be willfully misconstrued to deliver results different from what the wisher intended. 

My Master looked stoic and simply nodded, "I know. That's intentional. Consider it a test of how much you want to be free... and a sign of my trust in you."

She looked at him quietly for what seemed like an eternity before slowly nodding. A green vapor encompassed him briefly before dissipating. I looked at him but felt no different. Well... that was no surprise. I was pretty much exactly like that before the transformation and now that I was magically bound to him on top of that, it was even more so. I wasn't exactly the target audience for this particular change. Master smiled at me with a sinister grin that sent a shiver down my spine and into my moist cunt.

"How about we get dressed up and go to a bar, honey?" he said. I knew what he wanted. I knew that I wanted it to. And I knew that I'd finally get to live my dream tonight. I nodded my head and my clothes changed into a sleek black dress with a neckline cut to my navel. My Master looked at me and tsked disapprovingly. "You look stunning, babe. But I don't want you intimidating the other girls tonight. Dress in something less... alluring."

I nodded, shame filling me. How could I be so stupid. To displease him so early. It mortified me. Part of my brain told me that wasn't rational thought. Part of me was screaming, "What the fuck is wrong with you woman. Have some pride!" But I pushed that rebellious part of myself away. I didn't want to hear it. I wanted to submit and submission meant obedience and focusing fully on Master's desires. I waved my hands and was suddenly wearing a pair of loose jeans and a sweatshirt. I still looked attractive. With this new body, that was unavoidable. But that's all it was. A mildly attractive wife out with her magnificent stud of a man.

"Aaliyah, back in your lamp. We're going to take my new powers for a test run. I trust I'll be pleased with the results?"

"You will, my Master. I hope you and your Djin-wife have a lovely evening, my Master."

I marveled at my husband's restraint. It actually turned me on that, confronted with the absolute epitome of sex, he turned it down cold to go out with me and pick up a mortal woman. Maybe he was gay. I giggled at the ridiculous thought and Master looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "Nothing, Master. Just amused at my own silliness."

He smiled at me. For a brief moment, it almost felt like we were back to normal. But things were never going to be normal again. And that was fine by me. Instead, I was going to get the thing I always wanted. To serve my Master's every desire up to him. And tonight, he desired to explore his new power over women.

We went to our favorite bar. A bar where everyone knew us. A bar where everyone would recognize us. We were going to a bar where everyone would see a husband brazenly flirt, pick up a girl and bring her home with his wife. The thought made my cunt literally begin to leak. I could feel the damp slickness on my thighs. Who would he pick up? A stranger? The hot little bartender? A wife of a friend? A friend of mine? I could feel the butterflies in my stomach thinking about all the possibilities. The unknowns. 

When we pulled up, he came and opened my door. I think he needed me to know that he still saw me as his wife. But honestly... in that moment... I was so turned on I just wanted to be his personal whore. Or even better, his submissive assistant catering to all of his needs. Sexual or otherwise.

We walked in, his hand on my ass and my arm around his waist. Several people did slight double takes at my new look. The men's eyes lingered a little but went back to their drinks and games. They knew that they didn't have a shot. I'd had to shoot down several over the years and they knew who my heart belongs to. But what really got me hot and bothered was the way the women we knew did a double take at me and then their eyes slid from my body to my Master's. There were probably 10 or 15 women who responded that way. It was amusing to be able to see their faces, almost in unison, as they subtly shifted to the right then gazed brazenly up and down his body. 

"Who would you like me to bed tonight, my love?"

"Anyone you want, Master," I said whispering back.

"Hmm... of course. That goes without saying. But I want you to pick. In fact, I want you to pick the one that you'd most hate for me to go home with. The one that you'd be the most jealous of or most humiliated by. Who would that be?"

I knew the answer right away. She was a friend of his from work that I hated. She was a perky, bitchy little slut just out of college. She obviously wanted him. She flirted with him outrageously right in front of me whenever we came here. I hated her. "Sierra," I whispered.

"Ahh... yes... Lovely little Sierra. I promise I'll fuck her at work tomorrow. But she wouldn't be a good test of my new powers over women would she? After all, I've been fucking her at work for years."

My mouth gaped open and I looked at my Master. Had he been really doing this for years? I was angry, jealous and turned on all at once. I looked at him and he smiled a playful smile and gave me a little wink. That bastard. He really knew how to push my buttons. A part of me was grateful that he still knew how to mess with me and treat me like his wife. Part of me wishes he had actually been fucking her.

I recomposed myself and tried to focus on anything other than the slippery hole between my legs. I looked around the room and realized I could see something. Strange auras surrounding people. I noticed that every woman who was looking at my husband had a red tint around them. Some brighter than others but all noticeable. "I think my eyes are seeing spots, Master." I told him as we stepped up to the bar. 

"Ahh... the vision. I've heard about it. Sex genies can always see an aura around people that shows how they feel about their Master. It's very handy in assisting in the bedding process without using a wish, I imagine."

I nodded. Now that I could see it, I realized the auras around virtually all of the guys were green as well. I guess most everyone here was low-grade jealous of Master. Made sense. He was a stud and I was hot. Now that I knew what to look for, I started scanning other women. In the back corner, I saw someone I recognized. She hadn't seen us walk in but was simply sitting in the corner talking on her cell phone. I'd seen her come in several times before and was always very jealous of her. She was a drop dead gorgeous brunette with big perky tits and a style about her that demanded respect and attention

Her aura was a cool blue which I somehow recognized as active disinterest in my Master. How could she be disinterested in him? He'd been stunning before hand. A paragon of strength and virility. I focused on her and realized that, in her aura, there were a swirl of images. Memories. Each with their own colors and meanings. I quickly realized the problem, all of the red images in her memories... the ones associated with lustful thoughts. All of them were with other women. And some of them were even with me. She'd been fantasizing about me. I'd never been with another woman. The thought of it was actually a mild turn off to me before. But now... now it wasn't. Now it got me really hot. 

I pointed slyly to the girl. "Why her?" he asked. 

"She's beautiful," I said, finding myself mesmerized by some of her more lurid fantasies. "And... and she doesn't want you... she wants me," I said. Admitting that made me pretty hot.

"So my slutty, submissive wife wants me to go seduce a woman away from you. You want me to show you that I can take women from you just as easily as I can take them from other men?"

I swallowed hard. I pictured him walking up to one of these women here with their husband and simply extending his hand and taking her away from him. Showing them what a true Master was. And then I pictured him taking this girl. Fuck. I was unbelievably horny. "Yes, Master. Show me that all women bow down to your glory."

He chuckled, "Since you asked so nicely." He strolled over, full of confidence. I think he knew his power was working. He had to feel the eyes watching him hungrily. The lust. The whole room was awash in it. I watched him introduce himself and watched as red tendrils suffused themselves through her aura. He talked to her and, despite a bit of coolness at first, it wasn't long before she was laughing at his jokes and gently touching his wrist and arm. She tucked her hair behind her ear and bit her lip. She leaned in towards him when he lowered his voice. All the classic flirting signals you'd expect to see. Eventually, he pointed towards me and said something. She looked at me and her aura flared solid red and stayed that way. Whatever he'd just said really sealed the deal because they were almost immediately standing up and walking towards me. His hand was on the small of her back, right above her perfect little ass as they approached me. I couldn't help but notice the other patrons in the room. Some of our friends even. They had to be watching and seeing what was happening. My cunt got slicker at the thought.

"Becks, this is Hannah. She's going to come hang out with us at our place tonight if that's okay?"

I simply nodded, too afraid that my trembling voice would betray me and reveal my utterly depraved arousal.

"I promised her you'd be VERY welcoming tonight," he said with a wink. I couldn't take it anymore. I smiled and grabbed both their hands and practically drug them out of the bar. I didn't care who saw. I didn't care who knew. I just needed to see my Master and his new lover together. I didn't need to be told what to do. I knew what my Master wanted because I knew what I wanted. I reflected on that for a moment as I climbed into the driver seat. My Master had given me the most magnanimous gift he could. He'd made me liquid sex and then wished to be MY perfect lover. Not the perfect lover of all women or anything like that. MY perfect lover. That thought filled me with a warmth that surprised me. I adjusted the rear view mirror, catching my Master's mischievous glance as he climbed into the back seat with his soon-to-be lover.

She giggled a soft, lilting sound that filled the car, "Do you two do this often?" Her voice had a slight quiver to it. She was nervous and on edge with arousal. It was very cute.

"No, I've never been unfaithful to my wife before tonight," he said. My mind instantly flashed to images of him that my jealous human mind had conjured up. Him fucking Britnee earlier today. Or him fucking the little harlot at work. I contrasted those with the images now burning their way into my brain now. Of him taking this woman and claiming her. Fucking her powerfully and thoroughly and leaving her a wimpering mess on our bed. 

"I'm Rebeccah by the way. It's very nice to finally meet you," I said.

"You've noticed me before?" she asked, curiosity apparent in her trembling voice.

"Of course. You're the most beautiful girl in the bar most nights," I told her genuinely.

She smiled at the compliment but it transformed into a crooked smirk as she said, "Maybe most nights but you're looking especially hot tonight. I'm actually really flattered that your husband could tear his eyes off of you long enough to look at me."

"Hey!" my Master protested, "My wife asked me to do this. I'm only doing it for her, after all," he said. I smiled back at him in the mirror, knowing that he was only being half truthful. He wanted this every bit as much as I did. The magic made it so.

"Well, we should definitely give your wife what she wants. I don't want her to think you're a bad husband," she stage whispered loud enough for me to hear, emphasizing the word 'bad' as she leaned in to my husband to kiss him for the first time. Their lips met gently at first. I could see glimpses of their tongues as they curiously explored each other. Trying to feel each other out. To learn how each one liked to be kissed. Master's hands roamed along her side and when he grazed her skin just above her skirt, she gasped and sank deeper into the lingering, needful kiss. 
