 This story follows the short descriptive tales of the Blob, a fictional alien character, based in a post war-time, 1960's-esque civilisation. Miranda, a buxom girl of big heart and even bigger breasts, and her friend, Jane, a small and stout beauty of dark hair and hypnotisingly striking features, find discarded barrels of alien fluid. Overcome by the mind controlling power of the alien essence, the two girls mate, being assimilated into the first of a new race of slave women designed for only two purposes until their demise; to spread the precious will sapping fluid to every other human they can find, and give birth to humanoid aliens bred with the genetic ability to survive in Earth's climate.

- - - - - 

PART 6

Tension Invention

- - - - - 

Steven wasn't a doctor. He wasn't a nurse, and he wasn't one of the delivery attendants that ferried supplies to or from the hospital. Steven was a biker.

I use the word 'was' deliberately. Steven was a biker. Now he was a slave, a man bent totally to an alien being's will. Master, his ever-present wisdom filling Steven's mind at all times, was now in complete control of the man.

Steven had a use, somewhere. What that was, Master didn't truly yet know. A male under his control had considerable functionality to spread Essence, but without a proper generation of the stuff, he would spread it too thinly for it to be useful inside the complex brains of so many humans. He would lose efficiency greatly the more payloads of it he delivered.

But this gave Him an idea. A tank, a generator... A supply of Essence, was needed. Something to carry around a considerable supply of His seed, perhaps for Steven to deploy or with the ability to deploy it themselves... He had an idea. It might work... This would need careful monitoring and very cautious proceedings to work. The human body, especially the female one, wasn't designed for this purpose, but his plan was so close to that original evolutionary purpose that Master hoped it would work. 

With a powerful thought, Master notified all his fully-enslaved subjects of his Will and began guiding his two guinea-pigs to his side to begin the process. 

- - - - - 

Zoe was only new to the colony. Her brain was full of sexual desire and her youthful body yearned to feel His being in her again so that she could feel release, but despite her utterly consuming desire she obeyed His word dutifully. Her obedience provided her more release than seeking him without his command, and she had absolutely no desire to disobey him. 

Buried deep inside her womb, Zoe carried a friend. With a complex latticework of stringy, spider's web-like strings networked throughout every exposed surface inside her endometrium, a creature, Miranda's child, hung. Suspended inside her stomach where it had slithered after it had delivered his neuro-barbiturate payload inside her, she had formed her nest in the woman's exceedingly habitable womb and begun linking herself more thoroughly to her mind.

Miranda's children were not, as you might have thought, designed to deliver a way to suppress minds and bring slaves into to His army. His goal wasn't to enslave the population but rather to make them friendly to his species - a task which bore two primary objectives. First, he had to ensure they agreed with his race and desired to live together with them; a task he had discovered was most easily completed by subduing their will so that they would be receptive to the idea of sharing their planet, their homes and their bodies with His kind. He had also discovered that it couldn't hurt for those humans to also worship his kind and be enslaved to them, as this would completely nullify any rebellion or backlash from unwilling parties, something he was still utterly bitter about from his reckless encounter so long ago.

However, he didn't like the idea of them all being slaves. His race was one of mind and of intellect, and to inhabit a new planet, while necessary for survival, would be soured if they had to share it with a people that didn't challenge their ideas and uphold intriguing conversation on the various small talk topics of life, space, the ninth dimension's weird laws and general light-speed manipulation included. If he sapped the entire planet of will, they would really only have pets to keep. 

His second necessary task was to make their race and his own physically interactive. Humans, while resilient, had no means of handling his species' more complex interactions and would die or suffer severe mutilation should one of the women of his race try, for example, to mate with one. Picturing it, he realised it was not a pretty sight, at least for the human. Given what he knew, losing that many outer extremities would likely be fatal. The imagined image of one of his own kind's genitals, however, brought a stab of sadness to him and with it it dragged him back to reality. 

This changed nothing, he would still complete his task assimilating the hospital. Those inside were the closest related humans to his near death so long ago and, if any of them deserved enslavement, they did. He would spare the minds of the rest of the world, but those in this building would live as mindless, sex-mad pets, and perhaps more than a few would experience copulation with one of the females of his race too. 

With her tail licking deliciously about at the base of her womb, a sensation she could vividly feel through her whole body and one that sent waves of warm, joyful bliss through her skin, Zoe felt orders seep into her mind and she instinctively relaxed, absorbing Him into her. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, wetting herself with bliss. 

Her commands received, Zoe, and her uterine symbiont, made for the outside.

- - - - -

Thin and young, with a shock of short, curly carrot coloured hair, Zoe's cute features were adorned with freckles and her wide hazel eyes gleamed even brighter behind thick but stylish glasses. Thin and pert, she had a firm but not overtly large bosom and the shapely hips of a twenty-something chick with next-to-no waist and a firm ass. Firm it was, too, round and bubble-shaped. It bounced and swayed when she walked, and though she didn't know it, she had many women oogle her perfect shape as she strode away from them, not to mention the men. Her long and slender legs complimented her physique stunningly.

Zoe had never been pregnant, although she had had sex. Not much, but a few times. Her first had been lost to a man she had fallen in love with, a young doctor named, cutely, Roosevelt. It had been glorious, and she had been lucky enough to have her first orgasm with him as well, the joy of mating with her true love too much for her. Life had been incredible and she had yearned non-stop for him to be with her every single second of every single day. She couldn't bear to be apart from him, and when they weren't talking, laughing and cuddling, they enjoyed glorious and heavenly sex. When she was ready, they tried kinks, and she found she quite liked how quickly she could make him cum inside her when he fucked her in the ass. Oral was also a mutual pleasure and nothing in the world felt the same as his glorious tongue flicking her engorged clitoris.

That had lasted a few months. But then Tuesday came around, and Zoe walked in from her shift early, already letting her hair down and her blouse long earlier half unbuttoned in readiness for his drinking gaze to sink into them when she had found them.

She heard it first. The ragged, feminine grunting of a woman's moans as her body was jolted and jounced in another room. Zoe walked in to find her partner, her soul mate doing it doggy style with Crystal, a dark-haired slut with a fatter ass and bigger tits than Zoe, a dumb, cock-loving whore who slugged off her responsibilities and was renowned for stealing other girls' men was the one moaning, and Zoe could see her mouth wide and her eyes closed as her cheek and nose pressed against the wall. They were on the floor, by the bed, apparently not wanting to crease the sheets, and he was bent over her ass, groping at her chest as she bucked and tried to ram herself back into his crotch to maximise his presence inside her body. 

Zoe didn't bother. She just didn't. She didn't know why, but somehow her shy and reluctant personality just rejected rage, leaving her hollow and calm. She stepped back out, not bothering to close their door, and left the room, grabbing her purse and jacket. It wasn't until nearly twelve hours later, deep into the morning, when she was all alone at the scrubs, cleaning up after a long and bloody shift at the table that it came back to her. As 2:50 AM ticked into reality and she thoroughly scrubbed the blood from her skin and nails, she realised with shock that she had been digging her nails into her arm, tearing her own skin. Gashes now glared back at her in her arm and the soap stung like hell, and as it did and she realised how violent she had been without meaning to do so, she broke down and sobbed uncontrollably into the sink, screaming out cries of, "no, don't, don't..." to no-one as she bawled.

She didn't sleep that night, but she got back to the spare bed in her friend Ashleigh's room about four-thirty and spent the rest of the night gazing out the window over the land, silent, still, lost in thought. 

Now here she was, devoid of her old personality, her mind a blank slate of submissive will ready to do anything her Master ordered unthinkingly and unreservedly. Perhaps it was somewhat sad that a youthful twenty-year-old girl, so beautiful and innocent had been torn from her life and enslaved as a sexually starved pet to serve Him, but such was His methods. Everyone in the hospital had stories, but that didn't change the fact that he was facing survival, life and death. Jane and Miranda had had stories, Steven and Jemima too. They all would lose those personal histories once he was done with them.

Zoe strode blindly outside. It was morning, and a bright, warm sun shone down over a cold land. Outside many nurses stood variously smoking, a morning puff before the shifts of the day began. Behind her shapely backside, the sound of an engine was already audible, an emergency vehicle blasting out from the barren world to their front door with people whose lives depended on the teams in the hospital.

Zoe would not be helping her doctors or fellow nurses. Hers was no longer to remain at the hospital - in fact, Zoe, by all intents and purposes, had quit. She had a new task in life and one she was about to begin fulfilling.

- - - - - 

Steven was on his way, powering down the deserted highway on his bike. Between his legs he throbbed thickly, thoroughly wetting his pants-front as they tented to attention. Inside his brain, orders repeated themselves to him, orders he obeyed without question and would continue to obey until his death. The more he obeyed them, the more he tented, the more he wetted. The more he submitted to the will that provided them, the more he relaxed and the more still his throbbing cock surged. 

He had filled his otherwise cleaner pair of pants with his thick ejaculate several times on his ride to the hospital and would do so several more times yet, every time a wave of tantalising submission washed through him and he obeyed it, letting his reward beckon him to into its midst and sinking mentally in arousal and orgasm. 

It was a crude and crass method of control but an otherwise effective one. The human brain, Master discovered, was not an easy thing to make submit unwillingly. That is, despite even conscious submission, the subconscious, itself marvellously separate from the consciousness in a way that helps safeguard the inbuilt survival instincts, always rejects approaches by outside sentience regardless of level of trust from the rest of the mind. It was always in the way, but for during one thing, something intended to be so powerful in evolution that it would be an irresistible force compelling humans, and indeed all creatures, to perform it. Orgasm. 

He discovered fairly quickly, in his takeover of the brains of the two women Miranda and Jane, that the human mind almost completely shuts down - or more accurately, goes into a concentrated state of euphoric pause - when experiencing orgasm. Since the nerves in the body are tied to this experience and eliciting an orgasm through average normal channels almost exclusively requires some form of physical stimulus, regardless of whether self-inflicted or engaged in by one or many others, that through logic, orgasm can be attained through touch and can be used to disable the pesky resistive subconscious. 

And despite His improvements since the night He'd used brute overpowering nervous information to overload and submit the two women, Miranda, Jane and Steven, and indeed most of His newer acquisitions, still operated under that basic logical premise. Elicit extreme orgasmic pleasure, distract the subconscious and enter the brain then. Control is guaranteed, though it does somewhat kill the free will of the original owner of the body. This couldn't be helped, but He didn't care much for them anyway. 

And so Steven rode, his throbbing cock refusing to settle down even after ejecting a fresh load of his seed into his pants and soaking his front with creamy residue, towards the hospital. 

He wasn't far now, he could feel his Master close. He began to pulse again in joy.

- - - - - 

Much like Jane the night before, Zoe bend herself at her waist, her nurses' skirt up around her hips, her knees cocked to lower her body to His level. From the tap as before reached a thick, partially transparent rod, curving up through the air towards Zoe's body and penetrating deep inside it. Unlike Jane, however, Zoe did not try to help her Master apply pressure to himself and to her insides to stimulate a section of his rod to break and release his seed into her womb. As she was already carrying a baby inside her, stretched thickly inside the small but quite appropriate size of her non-pregnant contracted uterus, there was little space inside her for more, but this was not the plan. 

Instead, Zoe stood, her legs wide apart and her hands on her knees, panting. She sweated profusely and her cherry red curls hung damp around her shoulders. Her chest heaved and through her tight shirt, supported as always by her thick out-jacket cupped under each mound, her nipples protruded, large damp rings spreading around each one as she spontaneously lactated. Her torso quivered and frequently, perhaps once every few seconds, she would jolt and grip her legs tightly in her rapidly whitening fingertips. 

Deep inside her, her Master was pushing hard. Zoe's insides were youthful and fresh, barely stretched and small from never supporting a child. Her vaginal cavity was wide and taut around His length in her and deep at the back of her slender frame's most sacred entrance, rivulets of crystal-like water rippled along the phallus to her cervix, soaking into it, sticking to it, prising it open. It resisted, but it was merely a matter of short time before he opened her tiny little entrance.

With a visible ripple of vibrations that echoed out from the tap in the tank and shook their way into Zoe's body, Zoe began to cum on the spot, the vibrations alone sending her eyes rolling back and her body jolting as he vibrated inside her, completely filling her, stretching her wide, trying to force his way as deep as it was possible to go. Zoe's orgasm distracted her mind and caused her muscles to ripple and rhythmically tense, then relax, and as she relaxed bodily onto him she let go enough on the surrounding muscles around her cervix that he could enter her. With the tip of his pipeline pressing into her womb, Zoe's child, her symbiotic friend that was Miranda's baby, broke the few ties it hadn't sheared already and began to squirm around in her, searching for the way out, his tiny but strong fins slipping over the soft wall of her uterus. 

Zoe's mouth went wider still and a throaty, animal groan escaped her. Below, her stomach visibly rippled and swelled as both her child and her Master's penis filled her. As her occupying alien friend found her cervix and began to push, lifting its single mouth around the hardness as it poked through, it sucked on it and helped to pull it inside her further. Her entire body shook again as the sensation of His hardness sliding through her entire abdomen elicited a second wave inside her. Then, as he was pulled more into her, the end of the phallus began to melt into a malleable jelly-like fluid, and taking the escape, her on-board child began to push through and squirm out of Zoe's body. Zoe screamed out as she slithered around their Master's rod in her already fully tightened body, her soft and malleable but still sizeable body squirming against her host's walls and the rod in them to leave her. 

Zoe's vagina, already heavily distended and dripping constantly, began to dilate even further as the shape of the creature visibly pushed through the skin of her stomach and crotch, before, with a wet slurping and a plop, the creature burst out of Zoe's labia in a thick ejection and slopped against the ground, searching for something she could assimilate now.

With her symbiont gone, Zoe had a fleeting, hallucinogenic return to reality. Her orgasm on the subsiding side, she opened her eyes and vaguely focussed on her surroundings momentarily, her body still shaking. She never moved, and shortly after closed her eyes again as though she were utterly tired and couldn't keep them open if she had to. A few moments later, however, she opened them again and glanced down. She seemed to have a flash of confusion cross her twisted face for a moment as she glimpsed and simultaneously felt her crotch and soaked breasts. Again however the wave of tired-like submission washed through her and she relaxed. Seconds passed, but once more, she opened her eyes, realising now with more clarity that she was bent over, bared to something that was occupying her completely, something inhuman widening her sacred womanly hole - 

- that was her last free thought. In the meta-time in which the brain works, a moment of fear pierced her brain as she realised she was indeed impaled on something, and more frightening still, that that thing was very, very thick and buried far too deep in her body. But that was all. The next instant, it and everything else was gone again. 

Inside her body, He patched up the hole he'd made in her endometrium quickly. A short jab through her lining, past the organs and into her spine had disabled her brain once more with a quick and tiny but necessary injection of essence just while he got the job done. He couldn't, however, leave it unchecked, and so, outside her body, a second stem began to grow from the watery material rod, seemingly coming from nowhere but growing like a tree branch in high speed, rapidly branching out and reaching up the impaled woman's body. It swished this way and that as it developed, but it quickly hardened in the air. While not as thick as the main rod embedded inside Zoe, this one was no less important, and within seconds it reached its target. 

With a tiny jolt as it pierced her skin, the tendril effortlessly slid right through the skin of Zoe's temple and into her brain through the soft part of the skull under the temples. Smaller secondary tendrils branched away from this tendril, one entering her ear, another hooking inside her mouth and a third slipping with the ease of water past her eye. Zoe's stare quickly became blank and impassive, emotionless as he possessed her, emptying her of will, spirit and individuality. 

Back downstairs, He was now beginning to fill Zoe's insides. Pushing more and more of himself into her, Zoe's stomach distended visibly as, slowly but surely, his precious Essence filled her. Looking a lot like a flowing hose held upside-down underwater, pushing water upwards, the level inside her body rose quickly as his length turned instantly to fluid as soon as it was inside her cervix. For all the world, it was like Zoe was being tanked up at the gas station - with a quick tune on the engine in her head as well.
