 This story follows the short descriptive tales of the Blob, a fictional alien character, based in a post war-time, 1960's-esque civilisation. Miranda, a buxom girl of big heart and even bigger breasts, and her friend, Jane, a small and stout beauty of dark hair and hypnotisingly striking features, find discarded barrels of alien fluid. Overcome by the mind controlling power of the alien essence, the two girls mate, being assimilated into the first of a new race of slave women designed for only two purposes until their demise; to spread the precious will sapping fluid to every other human they can find, and give birth to humanoid aliens bred with the genetic ability to survive in Earth's climate.

- - - - - 

PART 7

Tension Distension 

- - - - - 

A few hours passed and the day went past mostly normally. A few people rostered to the same shifts as Zoe missed her at work and went ahead and complained about her to her manager, but since she couldn't be found in her dorm and her friends hadn't seen her - conveniently, her ex-boyfriend had assumed she was avoiding him and as such didn't know where she was either - she was marked as missing. 

In a hospital environment like this one, in a world where the terrors of humanity had come to blows with the threat of invasion by the unknowns of space, even the intelligent species on earth had, for the most part, reverted to pure survival. Where once businessmen in suits spent their entire life making, trading and losing irrelevant objects like money, cars and houses, once human-kind faced extinction such trends of money and power were forgotten for the simplicity of providing, and being able to provide, a service in return for other services from other people. This hospital was just one link in a chain of people able to provide a specific service to others so that they could receive assistance from the other links in the chain. 

But in the same environment, one where a failing hospital was one that lost trust and in turn lost food, patients and supplies, one woman - a woman who might well have been out too late with one of any of the men and was still asleep in their bed this morning, hung over, drugged or just trying to convince herself she wasn't going to have to see the pregnancy ward for a dose of cleansers - held the lowest of importance. If she was missing, others would take their place. A manager would eventually try to find her and if she couldn't be located, someone else would be recruited to step up. They had children who would soon need to pull their weight and neighbouring towns often sent workers worth no help to them but possibly of use to other establishments would eventually thicken the ranks again. It was only a matter of time.

Thankfully for Zoe's shift manager, a truck of about ten youths was at that moment twisting its way up the driveways to the lonely hospital, preparing to offload the brats to the rough-and-tumble regiment of the medical facility in exchange for some much needed first aid supplies. Some thieves, some turned out for betraying their families, some homeless or family-less and some just straight up sold or selling themselves so their loved ones could eat. She would gleefully nab three young women - one old enough to take over the lowest duties under the manager's personal roster of responsibilities and two who would soon add their hands to the pot, taking them swiftly under her wing and rapidly breaking them into the life-cycle of repetitive, monotonous mid-nursery. 

Sophie, new to the hospital, young and beautiful and naive, didn't take long to learn the less pleasant proceedings that went on at the hospital after hours. She also noticed, with the eye of a newcomer, of an outsider, that the operations at the hospital went on with a dull, indescribable sensation of blankness at times, as though a collective aura silenced the staff throughout the place at times. She didn't know why, but within a few days she found she had settled in nicely and even occasionally, though she wasn't sure she liked to admit how comfortable it felt to her, had echoed those silent, reflective times that came and went, passing unwittingly over the building. They were soft, aligning, as though the hospital's human population moved into synch together occasionally. It was somewhat seductive, alluring, as though they all saw equally and thought alike.

She would never know that it was exactly how everyone else felt inside the hospital. Never know that it was actually there, really happening to them all, an invisible link of will between hundreds of people. She would also never know - never until it came time for her to know - that that sublime companionship that came in great waves across the floors and halls of the place was the will of her Master, checking to see if she was there, listening out for his servants and sending silent thoughts of submission and happiness to his slaves. By the time she noticed it, she would be far, far past enslavement to him, long gone in a chained will of blissful capture, not caring to realise what had become of her. 

- - - - - 

Steven had to go in first to get Zoe some clothes. With Zoe's concentration, Steven's brain saw the people inside the fuel station with ghostly, glowing outlines that dashed in and out of existence, but it was enough for him to evade the staff's eyes until he had what he needed. Miraculously, Zoe's vision picked him the perfect moment to exit the building with an arm full of clothes and food that would have him across to the bike before they noticed him, and, when they did, would question as to whether or not they had served him rather than chase him. No one could leave with that many pairs of shirts and pants and bags of food if they hadn't served them. 

Right?

The bike pulled away and some time passed before they reached that specific part of the security tapes and saw that, in fact, they had all looked away the exact moment Steven had simply turned and strolled from the building stiffly. It was only once they looked at the tapes, too, that they noticed Steven had entered without pants on and had left with a pair of their own on. 

'How the fuck...?' One asked the rest as they poured over the cameras. 

Outside the back room, a hard-for-money youth with thick hood on pocketed some smokes and chips, but none of them noticed. They were stunned at the half-naked man who'd stolen half their cheap clothes while they were watching the store. 

Another hour later, as the sun was dripping down the blue sky and irradiating the rest of the day's clouds away, Steven pulled up on a small crest at the sign outside the next major town. Silently and autonomously, Steven and Zoe both surveyed the civilisation below them like robots, their heads and eyes swivelling to take in the masses of buildings and streets ahead. Though not as big, this town had suffered less than the town the hospital had been in, as this one was nestled in the gulley of a fully-surrounded valley. Hills covered it on all but two sides where roads split the sand of the countryside, leading to the next cities hours away. 

Without a word, Zoe, now dressed in a moderately fitting thin shirt and jacket and long track pants settled into her seat once more and Steven pulled away, Zoe's inflated belly jouncing along with the bike's movements on the road, her gaze stony and bare. They pulled presently into a dark motel on the outskirts of the city circumference and stored the bike in a lot in the far corner. With simple two story buildings, single-space rooms and a wide parking area separating the buildings out, Zoe and Steven's accommodation was nestled in the shadow of the cliffs above, the sharpest edge on the natural valley. In truth it was most likely more of a crater, but this hadn't stopped the earth and trees from settling and growing here and human kind from later levelling it and putting a cute holiday-esque city in it. 

In the cover of the shadows, Zoe and Steven disembarked the vehicle with Steven helping Zoe from the cab and stepped inside one of the doors hanging ajar near the bike. Steven entered first, Zoe's thick form taking her longer in getting to the room. Once all was deemed clear by Steven, Zoe entered and sat herself down on the bed. Neither person said a word and went about their actions as though observing a teeming silence after a lengthy argument, but this was not the case. Steven didn't need to talk to Zoe to know what she was thinking, nor did Zoe need to ask Steven what his actions would be. The two, inextricably and inescapably linked by the brain, thought as one.

Although not truly connected in a synchronised sort of mutual hive-mind way, Zoe and Steven's brains had been rewired so that each person's neurons - the individual pathways the size of atoms inside their heads responsible for all dynamic thought - were identical, while each one was charged in the same way by their Master's overwhelming power. Pushing his own energy though the charges already inside their minds, this had the effect of stopping their previous thoughts and starting them both off from the same identical page at the same time thinking in the same way. Logically, by this method, since each mind was thinking the same things and had the same options to decide from at hand, the two would, for the most part, make identical decisions, come to identical conclusions and share identical ideas. It was only with the lightest of additions to each - a pattern of trust, of companionship, of acknowledgement of each other - that set in motion each human being's individual dual-brain partnership with the other. 

Zoe sat back on the sagging bed, hoisting herself with effort onto the mattress. Her round tummy gave her considerable weight and her legs waggled in the air as she pulled her butt up the sheets, but after a few long moments of struggling she positioned herself upright on the head of the bed and managed to slide a few cushions behind her back for support. Her legs wide, stomach fatly extended, Zoe rested her hands on her belly and let out a breath. Then she simply looked around, almost seeming content. 

Steven, for his part, set about locking the doors and closing up windows. When he was done, he handed the dorm's key to Zoe who took it in her hand robotically. Then left the room, heading towards the front house. Zoe remained in her place on the mattress, staring around the room. After several moments, she closed her eyes.

A silent shadow seemed to surge slightly from a nearby doorway behind Steven as he strode purposefully away, sidling its way towards the room the pair had moved into. It crept stealthily, sneaking in the direction of Zoe alone in her room. It paused at the window but the shutters were down, so, slipping a small but evilly sharpened pocket blade from a hidden pocket in its clothes, it snuck around the still ajar doorway and inside where the heavily pregnant woman would be unable to stop its advances.

-

Steven approached the outhouse and rapt on the door. When no one answered, he put a solid fist through the limp wood and turned the knob from the inside, ignoring the gashes he gave himself in the process. Once in, his gaze locked instantly on a shelf of hanging keys and he began pocketing each of them quickly, including the spare to his own room.

When he had stolen the spare keys, Steven picked up a baseball bat and held it in his spare hand while he easily slid his other behind the simple computer on the bench and tore the cables connected to it from their sockets, severing a few and bending the rest. He did the same for the phone and pay machine, watching emotionlessly as any indications of power they held died. Though most likely useless, any slight advantage they may provide to someone willing to thwart their Master's plan was not one Steven would leave to be taken advantage of. 

Then, without a second glance, he turned, closed the broken door behind himself, and left, heading back to Zoe.

Steven reached the room and heard the sounds coming from inside. Muffled coughing and what sounded like screams rang out inside the musky bedroom. He swung the door wide and beheld Zoe with her legs clasped firmly around the neck of an intruder, his face forcibly buried between her legs, his body writhing underneath Zoe's weight. 

Steven didn't do much considering his earthly partner was apparently in distress. He just watched. As he did so and the pair struggled, the attacker slapping his hands powerlessly against Zoe's arms and back, they turned somewhat on the bed and Steven could see what was happening to the man's face.

Between her legs, her tight, ultra-muscular thighs clamping his head firmly to her crotch, Zoe's original bodily invader, her symbiotic baby, had emerged somewhat from her vaginal cavity and was pushing at the man - for he was a man - trying to find purchase in one of the orifices of his head. Where originally the creature had had a single long, thin, winding tail ending in a tiny hairy fin, now it had split into three or four shorter but equally as mobile tentacle-like arms which it was now using to probe and test the man's face. Several times the fins would flick over his eyes, causing him to screw them shut and scream more, but with his mouth against Zoe's ass he could do little more than groan mutedly. As Zoe held herself taut with her arms and back, she shuffled the man upwards in her grip, pushing herself down and him up so that his head rose higher up to her cavity. 

Once close enough, it didn't take long. First one tentacle flicked down and looped inside his cheeks, discovering the new and wide orifice welcoming it inside its depths and then the rest quickly followed their brethren until the man's mouth was awash with the flicking, swishing little arms. Almost too fast to comprehend, Zoe shoved herself harder into the man's face, crushing her hairless slit against his mouth, the tentacles easily aligning her entrance with his lips, her canal already widened by her baby inside her reaching out to find him. 

The seal wasn't perfect and he could just barely see Zoe's widened hood and dark depths down the length of his nose, blurry and unfocussed with the reddened nub of Zoe's bulb at the peak, but he would soon wish he hadn't been able to see at all. With a groan of her own Zoe dropped her head back and her thick orange curls bounced in the air behind her shoulder blades as, with a tiny release deep inside her partially controlled by her companion, Zoe's cervix opened and a wash of her Master's unfiltered Essence flooded down her passageway and into the man's wide mouth. 

It splashed into him and down his throat before he could blink, the tentacles surprisingly long enough that they had - unknown to him - reached down his gullet to hold him from choking his airways closed when Zoe released. Within a matter of seconds a payload of Essence was embedded in the man's body and, as though the fight was won, Zoe relaxed, releasing her grip on his head, relaxing her muscles, her companion inside her letting go and slipping her tentacles effortlessly out of his lubricated throat.

As Zoe shuffled back into position on the mattress, her transparent crystal-coloured friend's tentacles could be seen snaking back up inside her between her legs before, like nothing had happened, her labia returned to mostly normal size and Zoe let her belly's weight rest over her pelvis again. A thick torn hole could be seen around her thighs where, presumably either from her surprise jump on the man or from her on-board alien companion reaching her fingers out of Zoe's body, her pussy had been bared through her lose track pants. It was wide and, though none of the three had the free thought to imagine the idea, would have taken considerable strength from either the woman or the alien worm to make. 

Steven, moving for the first time, went easily to the side of the bed and picked up a fresh pair of identical track pants, readying himself to put them on Zoe's body for her when that time was right. 

For his part, the man slid to the floor, coughing. He clasped his neck, his face red as fire and his eyes popping. He stumbled to his feet and rounded on the two slaves, glaring at them. Though he had dropped his knife where Steven's foot now was when Zoe had caught him, his fists still clenched in rage. 

Then, just like that, it vanished. His rage paled and his stare seemed to dim. Reaching for his chest, the man looked down in bewilderment, then in puzzlement. Without a second motion, he keeled over and dropped bodily to the floor, out cold. Inside him already the Essence was wiping his mind and cleansing him of personality, ridding him of doubt and will and enslaving him to Master's orders, to the submission of total obedience and the arousal of submission. It didn't take long for his pants to tent and a contented will-less smile to seep into his face.

Steven leaned Zoe back on the bed and lifted her legs. He began to remove her torn leggings, pulling them away from her skin with a mechanical perfection that seemed still to carry all the tenderness of a lover. Before he pulled the fresh pair onto her feet, however, he paused. He stared into her eyes, her into his. Several second passed, Zoe still with her feet high in the air, her legs wide. With an almost agreeing nod, Steven seemed to lean into her foot, to nuzzle it contentedly. Then he stripped himself and pulled Zoe by her calves to the edge of the bed. 

A few moments later, his member rising to attention ready for the event, Steven aligned himself with Zoe's entrance. She was flat on her back, her knees high and her thighs far apart, her canal waiting for Steven to enter her. As he watched, his engorged head inches from her labia, Zoe's lips pulsed, then parted wetly, dripping a creamy clear fluid. From inside them extended the same tentacle-like arms that had opened the man's mouth earlier, but this time they reached tenderly out for Steven's cock, swaying gently in the air, looping towards him. They grasped his helmet and guided him into Zoe, pulling him in. He allowed them with the unresisting obedience of a submissive servant of this sacred event. 

Zoe's chid had undergone changes inside Zoe. Since slipping out of her uterus earlier, it had not been left to die or find a new host. Its purpose in life was still with Zoe, as it forever would be. When Steven had reapplied it to Zoe's vagina, it had pulled itself inside and then, discovering that her cervix had been sealed off and finding the mark of Master's hardened essence sealing it, it had begun a different phase of life. Immediately it grafted itself to Zoe's inner walls, extending out its body and sticking it fast to her skin, filling up her crevices so that its body met every single piece of her interior. 

Then, opening a tube through itself, it became Zoe's new vagina, filling out Zoe's distended passageway fully and ending a little way inside her inner labia. This had the effect of fixing the damage of dilating Zoe's fragile human vagina done earlier by their Master's entrance of her, but also helped to allow Zoe, and her symbiont, to control activities inside her passage. This had the added effect of giving Zoe extra features, including the ability to suck things inside her with her baby's articulate body and using the tentacle-like arms, of which it now grew four and which had full sensory interaction with Zoe's brain like real fingers, to grip, touch and interact with things outside her outer labia. If one looked closely inside her, one would just be able to see, after an inch or so, where Zoe's natural soft pink vaginal skin ended and the smooth, creamy-white skin of her symbiont vagina began.

This also allowed her symbiont to control Zoe's pussy directly where necessary, though only in ways that enhanced the wishes of its host. As such it could open and seal her precious cervix, the only tap to the tank of pure Essence stored inside Zoe's body, as well as patch up any damages done to her pelvic area. It could also prove to be a useful tool against attackers, apparently.
