 This story follows the short descriptive tales of the Blob, a fictional alien character, based in a post war-time, 1960's-esque civilisation. Miranda, a buxom girl of big heart and even bigger breasts, and her friend, Jane, a small and stout beauty of dark hair and hypnotisingly striking features, find discarded barrels of alien fluid. Overcome by the mind controlling power of the alien essence, the two girls mate, being assimilated into the first of a new race of slave women designed for only two purposes until their demise; to spread the precious will sapping fluid to every other human they can find, and give birth to humanoid aliens bred with the genetic ability to survive in Earth's climate.

- - - - - 

PART 8, #2

The Filly Learns the Truth

- - - - - 

Cassandra woke the next morning groggy and numb, as though she were hungover but without the headache. Around her the rim lights had brightened into a golden morning shine and her bedside clock was generating a tuned electrical signal that resonated Cassandra's bedframe to a specific frequency that disrupted her sleep pattern and woke her and only her. She waved off the alarm and settled again, already letting her deep slumber reacquire her mind and drag her back down into safe dark emptiness, but not thirty seconds later her bed once more began to resonate underneath her and Cass found herself forced irresistibly from any possibility of sleep. 

Sitting up and wiping her face with her hands, Cass sluggishly swung her legs out of bed and stood on her little landing by the mattress. She yawned, stretching wide, one hand scratching unwittingly at her pubic hair and the other behind her shoulders, reaching out to bend the sleep from her muscles. Uncaring that she was completely naked, Cass stepped fatly to the flight of steps and took them as fast as her unhappy legs would let her, which wasn't very fast at all. Cass stepped off the stair well and turned, not really opening her eyes fully yet, and stepped with padding footfalls over to the sink to turn on the kettle. It charged up and began to hum hypnotically as the sonic coils inside warmed up to the right frequency to boil the water. 

It wasn't until Cass's coffee mug was filled with coffee, sugared up and sitting on the table, steaming away, that Cass's tired, puffy eyes turned to the doorway as she casually looked about the peaceful room. The sight of the laundry basket inside the doorway shook her drowsiness from her brain and she opened her eyes as the previous night came back to her in a flash. Realising something, Cass strode over to the basket in question and looked down at it, frowning down at the item through the veil of unruly thick hair that hung all about her face. 

The lid on the basket was closed, but this wasn't what gave Cass pause. Their basket for the past week's round of laundry had been one of many with a bung lid, a frequency throughout the hospital. Due to a minor design flaw in this particular round of manufacturing, many of the lids broke one of the few hinges when shut too hard and the resulting fractured pin meant that that basket would always have a lid that never sealed properly, causing the cycling air filter inside it to work less efficiently and oftentimes stinking up the dorm room somewhat by the end of the weekly cycle. Cass, Jackie and Rosie had been starting to get whiffs of each other's sweat, tears, and blood floating around the doorway and until the change came on Monday they'd smell more and more lady odour as time went on. 

But this laundry basket was one that hadn't had the hinge damaged and as such it sealed itself properly. No smell wafted out at Cass's awaiting nose - no sweat or operating theatre, no scrub soap or lift shaft grease and definitely no fresh sex. 

Cass lifted the lid and lo and behold, a new bin sat on the floor before her, quiet, still and awaiting dirty clothes to disinfect and deodorise. 

Cass turned back to her coffee and lifted the cup to her lips, but paused just as she made to drink. She set the cup down again as a new idea came into her mind. She glanced over at Jackie, still sleeping soundly in her bed, tucked up in her sheets, her flat but still feminine form shaping the fabric. Cass made to approach her, but just as she did, she noticed the clock fluidly slide to five forty-six AM. Dashing to her locker, she hurriedly pulled on her underwear, slung her shirt and overshirt over her head, shrugged and shagged her thin nurse's skirt on and took off, grabbing her over-jacket as she left. Her dorm door slid silently shut behind her.

- - - - - 

Cassandra arrived to her shift at 5:52 precise, cinching the last button on her top-jacket just as she entered the nurse's common on level one and looked around for her shift controller. She hurriedly pushed her hair back with her hands and did her best to sit it down politely on her head, but it refused and plumped itself up like something lifted straight out of an eighties' movie. It had gone springy today and licked out at all angles from her neck. If it was worn in fashion, it might well have been a very bold and beautiful way to wear her locks, but today at least to Cass it just looked messy and improper. 

'Cass!' Cass's shift co-ordinator shouted at her as she ran up. 'Where the blazes have you been? You're on incoming, third ward. Doctor Portuga is the Master Doctor and you'll be reporting directly to Dr. Shouski. Move!'

Cass didn't bother trying to explain herself for either her lateness or her appearance and just turned on her heel and ran out of the bustling nurse common, her instructions the only thing she needed to do her day's work. Directly across the open floor of the ground level, in the far wall, a string of eight wards known as 'incoming' were situated in even distances apart. Separated by removable walls and accessed by wide open entryways, each 'incoming' ward was in place to accommodate freshly admitted patients that needed some sort of attention right away. Ward One, or what would once have been known as the Intensive Care Unit or ICU, was for critical incoming that needed operation or life support right away. The wards went down in severity of sufferance through to ward eight, which housed mostly patients that could move and provide for themselves. The biggest difference between the ground floor and those above was that most patients on the ground level were suffering physical injuries rather than mental, nervous or chemical ones. 

Cassandra strode into the ward and found Dr. Shouski patrolling the beds to her immediate right. Up in a three-hundred-and-sixty-degree office in between the nurse's stations and the ceiling was Master Doctor Portuga, observing the ward below him in an unimpeded circular sweep. Whenever a ward needed attention, Portuga would signal it with a command on a glass table surface inside the office which would light up a beacon and assign the nearest free nurse and doctor to it, indicating with bright red laser-lines projected onto the floor at those attendants' feet where to go and accompanied by Portuga issuing the order over an intercom in the office. They would then attend the patient, solve the issue, and the cycle would reset. All doctors and nurses patrolled the patient's beds and made sure they were comfortable, clean and satisfied whenever no orders were standing. 

'Ah, uh, Courtn- Carissa... Good, good, you're late but that's fine, I won't penalize you for now. Go check on bed six, I think the patient there needs to piss. Speaking of which, so do I. Move!'

And so Cassandra's shift began and Cass went to work, rushing here and there, pelting the tiles whenever an order was assigned to her and barely stopping to drink for hours. She changed clothes and sheets, replaced tubes and needles, took readings and set up life support and, whenever she wasn't attending someone, she cleaned everything. Time passed quickly but she didn't stop for a second and found herself weak and hungry by the time three fifty flickered onto, and off of, the clocks on the walls. 

Cass pulled to a stop in a nurse's booth and leaned on the desk, wiping sweat from her brow with the back of her hand. She had been running all day and frankly she could probably eat the next person's arm she came across. Sweat soaked Cass's chest and back and she could feel her skirt sticking wetly to her legs, forever at the wrong rotation on her body and always looking like it was being pulled from one side as a result. 

Cass sat back against the bench and breathed deeply for a few minutes, unclasping the top clasp on her top-jacket with a sigh and letting herself relax a little. Outside, nurses dashed about this way and that, ignoring Cass in the booth that was identical to twenty others in the centre of the room all for closely local resting areas for on-duty nurses. As she gathered herself and her thoughts, her brain returned of its own accord to what had been on it all day, what it had been wanting to think about every moment Cass had gotten to herself. Why had Jackie come back sexed out and naked, and why had they changed their bin even though it wasn't changeover day? There was a mystery going on around Cass's dormmate and Cass's brain had fixated itself on it like a teenage detective novel. It was all she could think about.

When she opened her eyes, she noticed Dr. Shouski approaching. He leaned against the door to the booth and eyed Cass lengthily. For several moments, he didn't speak, just took in Cassandra's body, her sweat-stained clothes, damp armpits and loosened corset-like top-jacket and messy eighties-bounce hair. 

'I think you earned me not reporting you for being late this morning, Nurse.' He said evenly to her. 'In fact, I think you earned a little reward for your work today.' Ignoring Cass as she feebly to excuse herself from what was coming next, saying she had somewhere important to be, Shouski guided her gently but forcefully by the arm to a bed where he pulled the curtain across behind him. 

'You can't here, the Master Doctor will see-' Cass tried to protest to him, but he simply silenced her with a finger.

'Shush, little beauty, close your pretty little lips until you need to use them.' Shouski pushed the bed into a corner of the curtained off room and positioned a portable screen around it, activating the shield wall it generated. It shimmered into place and as Shouski twisted some knobs on the controls inside the wheeling chamber, the previously invisible light barrier solidified and colourised until it soaked up the light around it and turned the corner of the little curtained room visibly empty from the outside. Then he activated the noise filter, and placed a finger on Cass's lips. 

'The filter's not perfect, little lady, so don't get too rowdy now.' With that, despite Cass's brain screaming with desire to get back to the mystery of Jackie's late night escapade, Cass settled herself back on the bed and drew up her skirt, allowing the undressing Shouski to mount and enter her, having no other alternative in the matter. It took him fifteen minutes, which wasn't all that long, but to Cass who just wanted to get it over with and get back to Jackie and the mystery it felt like a lifetime. The entire time he was inside her, while pleasurable, Cass was thinking of Jackie. Perhaps it was a little raunchy that she was thinking of a woman while a man was inside her, but Cass could do little else but replay her notes and thoughts again and again while she waited for Shouski to finish his work with her body.

Where had she gone? Obviously the lift shaft had been at least half correct - Jackie's clothes were covered in grease and oil from the shaft she had been in, and the smell echoed the truth in that. But what Cass really needed to find out was - Shouski withdrew himself from her and turned her around, his length pulsating, entering her again now from behind, gripping her wide womanly hips and pumping like a dog while Cass's breasts swung and her breathing came in little huffs with the force of each impact of Shouski's crotch against her cheeks - what Cass really needed to find out was why Jackie had gotten so sexually worked up. Something was going on, perhaps with the techies, perhaps with a doctor or perhaps with someone else entirely. 

Shouski spanked a hand against Cass's round ass and her thoughts jolted out of place with the impact. Just get it over and done with, she thought to herself, not unhappy but plain bored. The event of coupling with the doctor was old, boring, plain. It was sex, pleasurable and for the most part completely normal, but Cass wished it would pass so she could get back to the only thing she could think about. Jackie was someone she considered to be a friend and 

With one more change of position Shouski was polite enough to unload in her vagina and not attempt anal, despite gazing lovingly down at her pucker while he fucked her. He flipped her to her back once more and dispersed the remnants of his load in her before pulling himself free and wiping his member off on her crotch and thighs. Thankfully, perhaps because he was already shrinking down to a modest stump even after having just unloaded into her, Shouski spared Cass the extra wait time while she had to clean him orally and simply left her, returning his pants to their place around his waist and slipping away through the bedshield. Cass sat on the bed for a minute before shrugging and wiping herself down of the worst of the mess, redressing and replacing all the equipment Shouski had moved to hide their intercourse. Cass straightened the bed and turned off the shield, making sure all was well in the chamber and then hit the trail, leaving without another word to anyone. The rest of the ward went about their business without giving her any notice. 

On her way to her room, Cass let necessity get the better of her and detoured past the female infirmary, stopping in to get a sterility shot. As she sat in the chair with her sleeve rolled up, her white inner arm turned to the sky to reveal a good vein to use, a fellow nurse tapping the needle on an injector, Cass looked around the room. Several other women were also in with her, each in a shapely chair, each with a nurse by their sides variously preparing to, or delivering injections into the soft flesh and veins of their inner arms. The room curved gently, like the medical bay on a Star Trek ship, and outside in the waiting room another ten or so women sat waiting for their turn. The shots were free, and for good reason. 

They were birth control, sterilisation of the uterine passageways with a harmless chemical that dissolved sperm and killed off eggs, all of which would be cleaned away with the next menstrual cycle. Once taken, the shot negated all possibility of pregnancy for a good week or so afterwards and severely diminished the chances until the next cycle when it and all inactive cells were washed out together. It was a necessity in the hospital, and ninety-nine percent of customers for the drug were nurses, not patients.

As Cass's attending nurse attached the tiny sealed bottle of fluid to an electric injector the size of a pencil and half as long and sized up the vein she'd use in Cass's arm, Cass glanced out the window in the far wall of the attention room. Outside, a woman strode quickly past. Then a few others passed the other way. 

Cass did a double take. Had that been Jackie outside that window? She had only seen her back and half her head, the window had been too thin to show any more of the woman, but she was sure it had been-

Cass winced as the momentarily forgotten shot needle slid into her arm and within an instant Cass's vein was pumped full of a uniquely benign chemical that would stop Shouski's sperm from impregnating her. 

'Now, you might feel a little sick over the next few days and there's a chance you'll pass a thin grey fluid-'

'I know. Thank you for the shot.' The attending nurse smiled and touched Cass's hand gently, with a sort of comrade's understanding. Then she turned to the door and called, 'Next!'

Cass stood up and left, rubbing her arm as the wound in her skin tingled. The needle was coated in a thin bonding acid, so it didn't bleed and it was self-sterilised and sealed, but she could still swear she could feel the innocuous chemical surging up her arm and down towards her belly.

As Cassandra pushed out the door, she forgot her shot and turned her attention back to Jackie. Quickly she rushed out and down the hall in the direction the Jackie she'd seen had gone, following what she presumed must have been her course all the way back to their room on the fifth level. Though she didn't see her, Cass felt sure Jackie had come this way.

Opening the door to their small area of four dorms, Cass's room's door slid open for her and she stepped inside. There at the table was Jackie, sitting with a coffee in hand, her eyes closed. She opened them as Cass stepped in. 

'Oh, hey there.' She greeted Cass. Cass stopped in the doorway for a moment before coming in and letting the door slide shut behind her. 

'Hey, how was your morning?'

'Yeah, not too bad. I slept in, I was so tired from last night. Thankfully they only needed me to confirm the papers from the job today so so far it's been pretty quiet. How was your morning?'

'I got up late, but the shift went alright and I paid for it in the usual way.' Cass said.

'Ah. Already been to have the shot?'

'Yeah, just now.'

'Good girl.' Cass blinked when Jackie spoke those words, but went on. She wanted to ask the question but couldn't bring herself to speak it. Jackie looked as innocent and normal as always, and Cass would only look like she had been snooping like a creep if she told her everything. 

'Jackie...' Cassandra began. Jackie looked at her. Cass glanced at the floor, then back to her roommate. 'I just wondered how last night went. I was already gone before you got up.'

'Oh, well it's all a bit of a blur at this point Cass! What happened was they managed to damage the ballast in the lift again with too many manual overrides. There was too much stress on the weights and the lift shut down on the ground floor, getting stuck to the magnetic shockers under the ground. I had to slide down the side of the lift between the wall and the exterior of the carriage and deactivate the shockers so they could winch the lift back to operational space. That's what took me the most time. I know it's not that tight, but I'm still the only one that can fit past there now that Ruby Jinsen's filling out more. She tried before I got there and they had to pull her out again, she nearly got stuck. Man, sometimes I envy girls like you, Cass, and then I see them try to do that and I think, nope. I'm good.' Jackie smiled at Cass and she grinned back. 

'Coffee? The heater's hot.'

'Thanks. I'm famished.' Cass said. As she flicked the sonic kettle on and the familiar hum rose again, she stared into the countertop, spooning out her desired amounts on auto pilot.

She hadn't asked about the clothes, but how could she? If she asked Jackie why she'd come back naked, she'd just be breaking trust between herself and the woman. If Jackie was up to something, she'd almost definitely not tell her once she approached her like that and then she'd have only made it harder for herself to investigate what went on the other night. 

The girls drank together and talked, Cassandra's mind half on her roommate and half elsewhere, ticking, thinking, trying to piece together a puzzle without enough parts. Jackie too had her mind on something else, but it was far, far different to Cassandras.

- - - - - 

'Twenty more CCs nurse and now.'

'on it Doctor.'

'Doctor, another wave.'

'I can see that nurse, someone put some fresh towels down there would you?'

'I'll get them Sir.'
