 This story follows the short descriptive tales of the Blob, a fictional alien character, based in a post war-time, 1960's-esque civilisation. Miranda, big-chested and beautiful, has given birth to a litter of the first part-human, part alien creatures capable of getting inside others and subduing them, and while Jane devotedly follows the orders of her Master, new slaves are being enlisted into an ever-growing army of mentally bound men and women under the control of their Master. Steven and Zoe have left for the next group of survivors to begin their capturing, while more women are receiving the gift of Miranda's babies, including Jackie, roommate of Cassandra and Rosie. With Rosie out of the way with a mysteriously debilitating orgasmic infection, of the three room-mates Cass is the only one left with her own mind intact... Or is she?

- - - - - 

PART 8, Final

The Filly Ends the Mystery

- - - - - 

Mumbled voices. Distant vibrations. Muted lights coming from nowhere. 

Slowly, very slowly, consciousness returned to Cass. She let it come in its own time, fearful trying to force it would only send it further away. Eventually she began to come round, the lights and sounds moving nearer to her in her head, before, eventually, she opened her eyes. 

It was dark. She was lying in a small bed with sheets over her. Still naked, and currently on her side, she had apparently been taken here after being put to sleep earlier. Cass still couldn't remember a lot of what had happened earlier as her mind was still a thick unresponsive fog, but she could make out muffled voices somewhere nearby. They were quiet and hard to distinguish, and it took Cass several sentences before she began to make them out. 

'sure you didn't feel something in there?'

'Definitely, even though the scan showed it inside. She was empty man.'

'And the other two? They had the same faint blood trace reading but we didn't find anything in them either.'

'Again, clean. It's like the scanners are all seeing the same bug, the same false positive, three scanners in three different women...'

'What gets me is the other one. Sure, those two had the same room as the third one, but she only got there just before us and she had the same readings in her.'

'I don't know. I can't make a call on it right now, I'm-' 

A sensation seemed to roll over Cass's body and momentarily she felt her consciousness slipping as a drowsy wave of calmness - perhaps it was tiredness, perhaps something more - overtook her. When she listened in again, she found she hadn't missed anything. 

'I'm sure it's nothing. It can't be, we checked them.'

'You're right.'

For a split-instant, Cass almost thought she heard a third word come from the last speaker, a faint extra addition to the end of his sentence. It started with an 'm', and was followed by 'ass' or 'ash' or something similar. It was gone before the word could finish going through Cass's head and in the same instant she found herself doubting she had even heard it spoken as the sounds around her carried no hint of it. It almost seemed to be a sensation, a feeling more than anything else, and Cass felt sure the others had felt it too. She wasn't sure why, but she sensed it. The airy way the speakers breathed their last words gave off a hint of something unusual overcoming them. 

Slowly, Cass woke more, blinking and adjusting her eyes to the light. She sat up a little and looked about herself, still weak from the drugs in her system, looking around. She was inside the glass area, raised a foot or two above the outside floor. Across the white lab floor from her position she saw the shower cubicles she had first entered when she had been taken to quarantine earlier that day, and noticed that the glassed off chamber continued around to the right, through more airlocks to the lockers and then up some stairs and another airlock to her area. The shapely injection chairs sat to the side of her bed, empty now, and Cass noticed the red lights above the door into the area, signifying that the area she was in now was locked down, or sealed. She was most definitely in quarantine holding, and for how long she couldn't know. 

Turning over in bed Cass saw over her shoulder that both Simone and Jackie were with her in their own beds, each with a thinner glass wall sealing them off from each other. Made in hinged slices, the glass would retract each morning, allowing the girls to move about and interact with each other, while sealing them off at night in solitary areas, visually open but inaccessible. Outside their sealed chamber the rim lights in the quarantine lab were up to accommodate the night staff, but from the lack of lighting inside her cubicle Cass guessed correctly that it was night time. Outside a small crew of people moved about between standing consoles and benches, some working at chemical chambers, others at holographic screens and others still just assisting their companions. There were perhaps six people on duty at this hour and two or perhaps three had been talking just outside the glass of Cass's room. This had been who Cass had overheard talking. 

Sitting up on her elbows she wondered what they had meant by 'nothing inside' them, as well as what the 'false positives' were on the scanners. Did their readings show something illegal or incorrect inside their bodies? If so, was it this that kept them in confinement? And what about when they had mentioned something up inside one of them? Who was it? Simone? Jackie? Herself? All of them?

A few coated staff members noticed Cass sitting up and gazing at them, but ignored her. Cass smiled weakly at one as he looked in at her in her bed and turned over, not waiting to see if he gave her a reply. The voyeuristic setting of her and her friends, raised up naked in their beds while coated scientists watched them was weird enough, but knowing that something could be inside her and the others was even weirder.

Cass thought for a while. Beside her, Simone turned over in her bed, sighing. Cass gazed emptily at the back of her head as she turned things over in her mind like a washing machine with a full load.

Outside the sealed chamber, people moved about with purpose. They tapped at holographic buttons and on touchscreen tabletops, writing up notes and checking on study samples. A few passed in front of Cass's thick glass wall as they worked and occasionally one would lean over to another and ask something in hushed tones, but otherwise they all worked mostly on their own. It seemed as though they had a lot to do and Cass wasn't sure she liked the implications of so much work being needed studying, among other things, herself. She felt a little worry deep inside that something, something she didn't understand, didn't know, was in her and a threat to herself and others. She'd never felt it before and it frightened her. 

As Cass watched them and wondered, she found her thoughts turning to Jackie. Jackie, the woman who had slept her afternoon away after supposedly being at home since she returned early in the morning, had done little else other than talk to her all day, and only briefly at that over a drink when Cass returned home. Cass still wasn't satisfied that it hadn't been Jackie's straight-haired thin form walking past the window earlier when Cass had been getting her shot, and if it had it meant that Jackie had been out somewhere, which she hadn't alluded to during their conversation earlier. Now, as she imagined her past day, she thought back over the events of the day and replayed a few moments in her mind's eye. 

Initially, Cass began with what she physically knew, things she had directly experienced. As she had received her infertility treatment to neutralize the doctor's sperm inside her body, Cass had caught the back of a thin, dark haired woman walking past with a stiff posture and quick stride. It certainly had looked like Jackie, what with the short crop of straight strands hanging from her head and the utterly fat-less upper body that Jackie was so well known for amongst the tech crews. Though her posture and speed had been unusual for a woman returning home after a call-out, something inside Cass's depths seemed to point distantly towards that woman being Cass's roommate. Intuition, Cass had to admit, was placing a neat arrow in her gut and she felt she had to follow it. 

Outside of the encounter during her treatment, Cass had mostly been working her shift, so she hadn't had much time to watch Jackie, despite thinking about the girl in almost all of her free moments. Again, her gut told her she wouldn't have become so fixated on the mysterious activities of the girl if something wasn't up with her, but logic reasoned her abdominal argument with the points that Cass had led a very boring few years of nursing service at the hospital and often found her only source of extremely mild interest came from the random chance of sexual encounters with any given doctor she worked her shifts with. She might just have been yearning for something to fixate her mind on and had grabbed too hard onto what ended up being just a string of neatly aligned coincidences. 

And then beyond that, there was what had started it all. That night Jackie had wandered back early in the morning, stripped her sex-soaked clothes off, clothes she had worn no underwear beneath, and gone to sleep, the same night Cass had lifted those clothes from the wash bin and sniffed at the utter coating of womanly juice on them. These were still the most pressing of the unanswered questions in Cass's mind, and ones she hadn't had an answer for since she'd begun her modest amateur investigation into her dorm mate. At the end of it all, here she lay - locked in quarantine with an unknown health risk inside her or her friends, totally believing her roommate Jackie to be engaged in some sort of after-hours activities, but alone, with no evidence in those beliefs, and nothing to prove she wasn't just going mad inside her own skull. 

And then Cass remembered the sex. The raunchy, ultra-pulse lust she'd shared with another woman she'd never met before, a moment in which she'd succumbed to an inner demon that took over her body and brain and sent her into an erotic frenzy unlike any she'd felt for another human being before. Here she lay, staring at that very woman now, the back of her adorable head turned to her as she slept peacefully across the glassed off room they shared. Earlier that very day, she had engaged with Cass in vigorous intercourse, and Cass had engaged with her. Cass wasn't sure why it happened, really, nor was she sure what had come over herself. One moment she had made her a drink, the next... After that, it had been a blur right up until quarantine arrived with the containment tubes. 

And it was that thought that made Cass truly scared, deep inside her body. She truly couldn't define a solid reason as to why she had wanted - no, needed, so badly - to fuck the woman. It was a lack of rationale in her otherwise semi-organised brain and it opened the door for her to truly believe something evil, something wrong, was inside her. Doubt flooded her, and she found her heartbeat rising dramatically. Trying to ignore the rush of endorphins she felt from the memory, and the rush of sexual excitement that went with it, she turned over, trying not to look at the woman that was even in sleep lighting her internal flame. She rolled to settle herself -

- And turned right into the gazing stare of Jackie, across the other bed from her. 

Jackie's wide, unblinking eyes stared right into Cass's and her heart dropped on a bungie cord the moment their gaze locked together. Without moving, Jackie's eyes seemed to glow into Cass's and she felt as though they were growing enormous in her field of view. The woman seemed to see right into Cassandra's insides, deep through her irises and into the depths of her brain, and right down, down her spine, through her limbs and bones, into her belly, into her loins, and out the other end. She was caught, like a hare in the headlights, and she couldn't look away.

The staff outside the quarantine chamber moved about steadily, performing action after action in a rigorously constant rhythm. As Cass lay in her cot, one stepped up to the glass wall directly in front of where Cass lay and taped at the extra-thick layers over the girl's feet. Small holograms spiralled to life inside them, forming screens for the staff member to interact with. He activated a few sub-menus and checked on some of Cass's vitals, sending some information to a palm-held screen in his free hand before swiping the display dismissively away with a flick of his fingers, banishing the coloured display back into nothingness as he turned from the chamber, for the most part ignorant of the three women inside the room. 

Jackie gazed deeply into Cass's eyes for what felt like an eternity. She didn't seem to move, but Cass felt as though the whole world was moving around them. She felt like nothing inside her was private, as though everything about her was simultaneously shared with Jackie as though it was as much hers as Cass's. It was as close to a shared consciousness as Cass had ever felt, though she wasn't consciously sure it was even happening. She wasn't consciously sure anything was happening at all. 

Time passed as Cass lost herself in the pretty woman's eyes, allowing the soothing relaxation her gaze brought her to seep inside her and calm her down. Her momentarily excited heart rate settled and the rush of heat inside her stomach cooled once more as the thoughts she had had earlier of Simone floated out of her mind. Her muscles seemed to relax and she settled into a peaceful trance. Jackie didn't move a muscle. She simply stared, unmoving, like a statue into Cass's eyes, barely seeming to even breathe. Time passed, though how much no one inside the quarantine chamber knew. 

Outside, the door to the white-soaked room shushed open with a soft hiss and a woman strode inside purposefully. A second woman entered behind her, and took up a stance by the entryway, as though guarding it from anyone else who might wish to enter. The woman strode through the people moving about inside the room as though they weren't there, and it seemed as though they ignored her, their only acknowledgement of her presence made when they moved out of her way or past her to their next task. 

The woman strode up to the hatch in the quarantine glass between the changing lockers and the shower cubicles and opened it easily. It did not resist her access and opened to her touch, as though it wasn't even locked in the first place. She walked purposefully past the lockers and again opened the sealed door into the girl's sleeping areas. As she passed Simone, the girl seemed to rouse, and she turned over in her bed relaxedly as the woman passed her, as though in her sleep she wished to face the unknown intruder. 

Without interacting with it, the glass wall separating Cass from Simone's section of the room retracted on its hinges before her. Outside one of the lab-coated attendants had activated the switch to retract the panel, but with the job done they immediately returned to their previous task as though they hadn't even noticed they had done it. 

Since the woman had entered, Cass had watched her. When the door opened and the stranger entered, Cass's consciousness had all of a sudden been turned from her invisible interaction with Jackie and she had focussed on her, watching as she entered the quarantine area and strode up to her unhindered. Now she lie on her elbows, staring at the woman as she stood bearing down over her, the shadow of the outside lab silhouetting her in front of Cass's bed. For a moment, no one moved, no one spoke. Cass held her breath unintentionally, and found herself distantly wondering why the woman had been able to enter the supposedly sealed quarantine chamber so easily. 

'You are Cassandra.' The voice seemed to emanate from nowhere and everywhere all at once, and it took Cass by surprise. It carried echoing bass tones that resonated in infinite harmony with the higher frequencies of her voice like the tones of a choir. 

'You are one who has escaped my control thus far. You have managed to elude sufficient exposure to me to fall to my spell, and have you not interacted with any of my subjects directly. You have, in fact, been starting to piece together my endeavours inside this facility, part by part, like one of your... quaint, human puzzles. Unfortunately for you, female, you shall never finish building that puzzle to completion. You are one of the last ones not sufficiently controlled, but I am here to change that, for that is His will, and His will be done.'

As the overbearing woman spoke, Cass turned to see Jackie and Simone sitting up, awake and staring directly at her, speaking in perfect synchrony with the voice that Cass heard. Though the voice still held a uniquely inhuman harmony, the very real addition of Jackie and Simone's voices made the moment all the more spooky - and real. 

'You have felt me inside you before, female. I am already a part of you. You know it to be true; you can feel it in you, buried in your very being. You are a slave already, though you somehow manage to fight it still.' Cass's breath caught in her throat and stifled the terror she felt exploding up her windpipe as the female before her leaned in, breaking the silhouette she had formed, Jackie and Simone's perfect replication of her tones making Cass fell like they were leaning in too. She felt claustrophobia grip her pelvic floor as her entire world closed into the sheets she was still covered by. 

In that instant, as the shadows flew off her features, the woman became visible to Cass, and for the first time since she'd seen her she actually saw her. She was tall, with a firm build that belied strength and power. Her fists sat on her hips and her stance was wide and solid, and she was naked. Her enormous bosom stood proudly from her chest and her stomach seemed to bulge ever so slightly, like the first hints of a baby bump. Her lightly haired crotch exuded a warmth and she seemed to be aroused. Above it all, her head was adorned with a thick shock of wavy red hair that hung as though it pointed accusingly at Cassandra. With all her strikingly powerful feminine features, the woman seemed physically off, as though joints were out of place, bones had been damaged and injuries had been sustained. Her hips seemed swayed though she stood stock straight, and one shoulder seemed to droop in its socket. One of her eyes also looked as if it wanted to break its stare into Cass's and twist away.

Shocking Cass, the covers were whipped off her body, presumably by Jackie, though Cass dared not look away from the woman bearing down over her, and in an instant she was exposed before the woman. Almost matter-of-factly, without breaking her staring gaze, the woman repositioned herself, climbing onto Cass's bed, straddling her. Cass made a feeble attempt to move but ultra-powerful hands clasped around her shoulders and forced her into the mattress, while others reached towards her thighs and hooked them upwards. Without being able to resist them, Cass now lay with her legs high and wide and her chest low to the bed, well off balance and unable to move. The might of the four hands that held her body was far beyond human strength and she could barely move in their grip. 

Above her, the woman held her crotch low to Cass's and seemed to visibly relax herself as she moved her pelvis in small forward motions, leaning backwards, holding herself with her hands on the mattress. Her eyes closed and she seemed to breathe more heavily. As Cass watched in utter horror, her heart rate rocketed through the roof and she began to hyperventilate as she saw firsthand what began to happen in the woman's body.
