 This story follows the short descriptive tales of the Blob, a fictional alien character, based in a post war-time, 1960's-esque civilisation. Miranda, big-chested and beautiful, has given birth to a litter of the first part-human, part alien creatures capable of getting inside others and subduing them, and while Jane devotedly follows the orders of her Master, new slaves are being enlisted into an ever-growing army of mentally bound men and women under the control of their Master. Steven and Zoe have left for the next group of survivors to begin their capturing, while more women are receiving the gift of Miranda's babies, including Jackie and her roommates Cassandra and Rosie. Rosie is taken in a coma in an unidentifiable hypo-erotic limbo, and Cass is overpowered by one of Miranda's part-human, part-alien children, her womb overtaken by the casting stringlets of the creature as it strung itself up inside her, feeding off her lifeblood, her brainpower, and her arousal, as Cass's free will - and with it, one of the few people left who knew about the strange alien control the hospital was falling under - were taken from her, sapped away through her vagina as it leaked foreign fluids down her legs. 

- - - - - 

PART 12

Cunt-ing Edge Tech (Or perhaps, pussy-ing the limits of invention?)

- - - - - 

Jane sat hunched over her desk under the dim light of her dorm's table. With her Master in control of the vast majority of the humans inside, Jane had been given her dorm all to herself without her wishing it - indeed, it had simply been done as though it were any other order. People obeyed the commands of their new controller as though it were the commands of an ordinary network inside a business - one was told what to do, and one did so. Most of them had no idea that the person ordering them to perform an action - or them themselves, for that matter - were under the enslavement of an ethereal being, a foreigner to the planet, and one with a chip on it's shoulder. 

The enslavement plan had been a success for the invader. After two weeks of carefully flooding the hospital's water supplies with gradually increasing amounts of his ever-powerful life force, he could feel the minds of the hundreds inside it in his own, all their individual voices speaking to him, their individual thoughts inside his own. It was a satisfyingly triumphant moment when he rose up from his position inside the tanks and slipped by way of the small tap on the side back to the world outside, returning himself to his human-esque form once more and performing what would have been an evil grin of triumph were he human, turned to face the walls of the solitary building, and issued a single powerful command to everyone inside. 

It was like an explosion, a shockwave that didn't exist. It blasted through the hospital and ripped a thousand people's minds to shreds before they knew it had happened. One moment the entire place was bustling, people running back and forth, performing operations, tending to sick patients or variously doing other things - the next, utter silence. Not a single sound rang out, not a single thought flowed inside a single mind. Several people throughout the floors of the place fell over as they froze mid-pace, but they merely lay on the floor, uncaring, limp. The moment of instant silence, like a light switch being flipped, or like a conductor silencing an entire theatre, was monstrously thrilling, and the alien being took delight in striding slowly and purposefully through the doors and inside the hospital without a single eye turning to face him. He surveyed his prey, countless bodies suspended as though time were frozen, only the motion of their chests rising and falling and their eyes blinking giving away their status as living rather than as intricate statues. 

After taking an unguided tour of the facility on his own, moving past the various nurses, doctors and patients strewn about the place, much of which was unnecessary due to his mental image of the place gained from the ghostly sight of his subjects whilst inside the tanks, having seen no one not under his control, Master issued a second powerful thought to all around him, rewarding the slaves for their obedience. All at once, an entire hospital full of human beings collapsed into writhing messes as countless hundreds of orgasms ripped through minds and soaked pants and skirts. Some, Master noted with interest, had been hidden away in corners and rooms out of sight of others, and had been frozen in the act of mating with another. They would receive the pleasure they sought to gain after all - but none would remember it as their own. 

That had been days ago, and since his rise to king of the hill from the shadows, Master had returned the hospital to normal operations, for the most part. The only difference now was that everything went on under his command, in his eye, and with is knowledge, rather than the faceless board of Master Doctors previously. Now, as he lounged upstairs, several of his slaves serving him with their minds, small parts of him channelled themselves into his subjects so that he could learn and grow stronger. One such segment of his will occupied Jane's mind at the present moment, and it was using her to construct a functioning device that could assist in the vast takeover of Master's next targets. 

The idea was one a scientist at the hospital had had stored away in a corner of his brain for years, one that Master was presently in the process of sapping out of him. It involved the use of microcircuitry and nano-architecture. Jane was no electrical engineer, and had never had the hands for fine-point work, but it was not Jane who was using her hands. While Jane's consciousness sat drooped in a corner of her empty brain, out of it and out of will, struggling to remain coherent amid the endless flow of orgasmic delight that flooded her, Jane's body sat straight and still and her face gazed in utter concentration at her work. Even though her cunt pulsed with arousal and her own cum seeped from her unclothed crotch and ran in thick streams off her chair and onto the floor at her feet, she remained total still, fixated on her work. Master moved her hands with a machine's precision as she constructed a device so small she could barely make it out with her eye. Several times as her hands made minute movements, Jane's body stopped breathing so as not to disturb her work, but even when she began to suffer from lack of oxygen, she only began to breathe once her master had completed his present alterations. All Jane's body needed to be was alive and conscious, or she would pass out and he would lose control over her finer motor skill. She didn't need to feel good - Master felt nothing for her, and Jane felt only bliss, her consciousness buried somewhere far, far away inside a pool of her own ejaculate in her own mind. 

Several previous attempts sat on Jane's table, including early devices that were far larger than her current work in progress. On the floor around her feet sat even more devices, including wristlets, phones, the tech crew's audio-pager, one of the girl's vibrators and even an old VR headset. These all sat in various states of disassemble, but all were discarded for the microscopic circuit Jane was now soldering. With barely perceptible alterations of her fingers far beyond what any human could achieve, Jane's hands held her tools steady as she fixed chips to a board barely bigger than a headache pill. After minutes of painstaking work, Jane raised her head robotically and set down her soldering iron, the burn welts on her hand already beginning to clear up as the healing properties of her Master's essence went to work on keeping her alive and well. Picking up the tiny circuit, Jane dropped it into a glass of water on the table, and leaned in close. 

For several seconds, nothing happened. It sank to the bottom and went still. Then, twitching, it seemed to jump once. Then once more. Then again. Before long, the circuit had begun to bounce around in the water, jitting this way and that. Jane gazed at it, unblinking, but her Master was beginning to concentrate on her consciousness as he watched through her eyes. Although neither of them could see it, deep inside the water in the glass, tiny robots were emerging from the circuit, formed through a complex conversion of metals together with precisely calculated electrical charges. Microscopic robots were born and began to swim about, collecting molecules of metals as they went, the molecules attaching themselves together with electrical charges, each tiny robot becoming a finished creature as it moved, absorbing the water's natural minerals. 

Abruptly, Jane lifted the glass to her lips and drained it in a single gulp, chip and all. Then she sat, bolt upright and unmoving, her hands on her knees, staring straight ahead. 

Nothing happened. 

Jane's Master moved about actively in her head, freely throughout her thoughts and pathways, inside her body, inside her cells. He seemed to be searching for something. 

Minutes passed, and had Jane been awake inside her own skin, she might have realised she felt hungry. 

Ten minutes passed, and Jane hadn't moved a millimetre from her position. Jane would have begun to feel ravenous at this stage and the sensation was now strong enough for her occupying Master to sense. 

After a while, Jane's cunt stopped flowing. Her orgasms subsided, though Jane's consciousness still remained completely submissive, barely active in her brain. Master continued to watch, listen, feel her body, waiting for a sign that the experiment had worked. 

Jane felt a small pain, like a tiny pin-prick, somewhere in her back. It passed fairly quickly, although it had been incredibly sharp. After a while, a second one pierced her neck. Then another in her thigh, and another in her arm. Thirty seconds later, Jane's body was alive with painful pinpricks, though she still didn't move a single muscle. Both Jane and her Master felt the pain now, as Jane's finer muscles and tendons in her face and neck, hands and feet twitched under her skin. The pinprick pains grew so frequent and many that Jane's body began to actively shiver in response to them, and her skin prickled with goose bumps. Then, when it was hitting the peak of agony, it subsided all of it's own inside Jane, soothing down to a numb thrumming inside her, as though her muscles and tendons were alive with subtle electrical currents. 

Jane needed water, and Master made it her top priority. Shooting to her feet and knocking her table powerfully over with a strength her body didn't look like it had, Jane rushed to the sink and thrust her face under the tap, sucking water in as fast as possible. She gulped it down and down and down and didn't stop until her stomach was full some minute later. Standing upright, she burped absently, and a bubble of water splashed up her throat and dribbled out the corners of her mouth and down her bosom. Returning to her seat, Jane and her master looked down as one. He couldn't be sure yet, he had to test it out, but Jane's need for water indicated that the factory she swallowed was working. If it needed water, then it needed to create more bots, and if it knew that then that meant the bots she had drunk were inside her and working. The pain was indicative of the bots attaching themselves to her body, to her nerves, and it would need that network of nanobots to tell it more bots were required to fully complete assimilation of the host. All the signs pointed in the right direction to the experiment being successful. 

With the hints of a small grin twitching at Jane's face, she crouched down and picked up the sleek vibrator and the headset from the floor, as a nearby nurse turned from her previous task and began to stride emptily towards Jane's private dorm. Jane could already feel her orgasm coming from deep inside her as she held the partially disassembled VR eye-wear underneath her presenting love cave, and as if on cue she began to cum, with it her vaginal juices flowing once more from her body. She dripped some of herself into the circuitry before casting the headset back onto the carpet, ignoring her stream as she dripped into the carpet below her body. She lifted the metallic dildo to her body and slipped it effortlessly inside her overly-well lubricated pussy, right up to the hilt until it was almost buried completely up inside her. She let it sit in her body and watched herself flow down it's length, dripping off the plastic base. It was only subtle, but Jane's eyes seemed to watch as a trickle of her fluids seemed to seep sideways a little and soak into the small switch on the dildo's side, there to switch the vibrating motor on and off. After a few seconds, she turned her attention to the pager and gave the sex toy no further notice as her body let it simply slip out of her and drop to the carpet, sticky with Jane's ejaculate. 

Jane's orgasm continued as she spread herself into several other electronics, dripping herself like an eye dropper into the speaker on the pager, the charger on the phone and the screen on the wristlets, when the door slid open and her subject entered. The woman stepped inside, staring ahead, and stopped, motionless, her eyes glazed. Jane stood and approached her, casting her shirt - the only item of clothing she had been wearing - over her head and away as she did so. She pressed herself to the woman, kissing her neck, licking at her cheek, her body against the nurses. She stood stock still, unreactive. Jane felt a lust in her, a lust for sexual interaction, one baked deep into her slave's mental programming, and now that her Master had seen her fulfil her tasks for the present moment, he slipped seamlessly out of her mind, leaving Slave Jane to do his bidding for him. Jane kissed the woman full on, sucking her lips, forcing her tongue into the slack mouth of the woman and down her throat, pressing her crotch against her skirt. Jane's breasts felt heavy and tender, and with one fluid motion Jane stepped off the nurse and grasped her collar, tearing her upper garments clean off her chest. The woman bucked but remained still, her bosom now swinging free, two erect nipples proudly pointing towards Jane. Jane leaned in and tore her skirt away in the same powerful ripping movement and the woman's thighs were whipped as her panties snapped around her legs, but still she stood, subservient. 

Jane grasped the nurse's breasts and dug hard into them, feeling her nipples erect like pen-points in her palms, her own tits firm against the woman, practically lactating in her arousal. Her vagina left wet patches as she rubbed against the nurse, but already she could feel a newfound connection to the woman awakening inside her. All of a sudden, although it mattered nothing to Jane, she knew the nurse's name and age. As Jane went down on her and shoved her tongue deep inside the female's sopping cunt, she knew her thoughts, and as Jane shoved the woman forcibly into the chair she had only minutes ago been in herself, she knew every sensation the woman was feeling. Pain ripped through her body, but, like Jane had earlier, she remained still - Jane felt it and her need for her quadrupled. In a second she was on her and viciously ramming her crotch into her mate, holding her legs splayed so that Jane could fuck her across the chair, gripping the back of the chair with her free hand as she fucked her. 

The nurse had a face full of Jane's breasts bouncing in her face and as though she were coming too, she began to focus on them, seeing them for the first time. She grasped one, limply at first, then with more vigour, quickly suckling onto one of Jane's teats and drawing milk from her body. Jane's bosom went into overdrive all of its own and within seconds the nurse was drinking heavily from her breast as Jane's free nipple flowed with her milk, which the nurse quickly swapped to as her first teat went dry. Jane's bosom was practically growing before her, and shrinking again as her subject drank from her, but before long she abandoned her feast to throw her head back in violent orgasm. Jane could feel her bliss piercing through the millions of pinprick pains inside her and Jane too came, splattering the woman's abdomen and her chair with ejaculate as she too exploded under her, their lips red from Jane's vigorous clit-bashing intercourse. 

Jane settled back and let the woman sit more naturally on the chair, both pussies still visibly pulsating as they flowed freely between their legs. Eventually both women went still, returning their minds to the submissive network of slaves under Master's general control. 

They sat and stood, still and unmoving, gazing emptily ahead as their previous consciousnesses slumped in orgasmic voids, never to return to control of their bodies. All went still, the thick coating of cum on each woman's stomach and down their legs going dry. 

They were identical to all the slaves not in use throughout the hospital - still, empty, submissive, awaiting commands, awaiting usage, awaiting consciousness. Empty bodies full of sex and submission, a pet to an alien Master's mind. 

TBC