 "Welcome to Virtual Existence," said the receptionist, "Are you checking in for an appointment?"

"Yes, a friend of mine booked it for me. I'm still not sure why he thought I'd like this sort of thing," I trailed off. God she was gorgeous. The rare sort of woman who requires a double or triple take. Full, teased, beautiful blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and a rack that wouldn't quit. 

"Well sir, we cater to any of your virtual fantasies from winning the super bowl to Base jumping in Peru. May I have your name to look up your appointment?" She leaned forward to pickup her binder and revealed a deep line of cleavage that I couldn't take my eyes from. Was this real? "Sir, your name?" I broke my concentration just in time for her to not catch me staring at her massive tits. It was cold in the lobby which caused he nipples to poke out from her top. 

"Johnson...Greg," I could barely spit out.

"Okay great. I've got you checked in. I believe Courtney is ready for you. She will be running your simulation for today. You're friend has already chosen and paid for your experience today. Courtney is waiting for you, third door on the right down the hall."

"Thank you," I opened the door to the hallway and thought 'what a surreal place'. The hallway was dimly lit. Soft blue lights cast small shadows down the hallway. There were several doors on either side of the hallway. My door had a digital placard next to it that read "Stage: Prep."

Inside had a warmer feel. Carpeted floor but still dimly lit. In the center of the room was a metal padded chair. It reminded me of a black dentist's chair. Across the room, was a server cabinet with cables running into the ceiling. The wall in front of the chair had a large mirror that took up most of the wall. I closed the door and noticed a woman to my right working inside a cabinet. She was wearing a tight silk robe and turned toward me when the door shut. 

"Welcome Mr. Johnson. My name is Courtney, when you're ready to begin, please change into your robe, nothing else, and make yourself comfortable. When you've relaxed, please press the blue button on the chair's armrest. I'll be back shortly." As she shut the door, soft music began playing. I didn't recognize it but it was peaceful for sure. This all seemed odd. Mitch told me this place was more of a gamer/virtual reality arcade. In fact, it was beginning to remind me of a happy endings spa; not that I've ever been to one. Just...different. I couldn't put my finger on it, I still had no idea what was going on.

I got undressed and put my clothes on the counter. I had never been shy about nudity but never had been in a public place before. I pulled out a robe from the closet and put it on. "Damn this is soft," I thought. As I walked towards the chair, the robe brushed against my dick. That felt nice; I started rubbing myself a little remembering the receptionist. "God how I would love to fuck her," I thought to myself. I sat back in the upright chair and pressed the button, letting go of myself knowing Courtney would be back soon.

I heard a small knock on the door and Courtney stepped in. I hadn't noticed earlier but she was rather stacked as well. Her short robe was tightly wrapped around her waist which seemed to make her breasts stick out from her chest even more. God I wish I that robe would slip off her shoulders. As my mind was running away from me, I hadn't noticed my growing bulge under my wrap; Courtney apparently did. She turned and picked up what I gathered was the virtual reality headset and walked toward me. Glancing at my growing tent, she smiled and handed me the headset, instructing me to put it on; it was pith black inside the headset. 

"I'll be going through a startup procedure that will take a few minutes so feel free to close your eyes and relax in the chair Mr. Johnson."

"Thank you but what exactly will I be seeing today?" I asked suddenly feeling uncertain.

"You don't have worry, I'll take great care of you today. After your experience here, I'm sure you will likely return for another. Our goal here is to fulfill your wildest fantasies, whatever they may be," she said, "But don't be alarmed, our VR experiences are rather real so you will feel sensations in addition to seeing them. It will be a completely immersive experience."

"I have started the session. You should see a countdown in your headset and your experience will begin shortly. I will leave you to it. If you need anything, please press the same blue button on your chair," she said and I heard the click of the door shutting. 

I relaxed a little in the chair and the countdown began. What would happen?

The screen flashed white and faded to me standing outside a building. More like a night club. I could hear music and the thump of bass from inside. I opened the door and was immediately greeted by two busty blondes. The both bounced a little and wiggled their boobs with smiles on their faces, "Right this way sir. Your private room awaits." I followed the two hot women who were dressed in tight boody shorts and cutoff shirts. I immediately felt aroused. I wonder if I'm actually getting a boner or if this is just my imagination. I couldn't tell, once the headset started, I could not move any part of my body. 

I kept my eyes downward watching both of their beautiful asses sway back and forth with their hips. Of how I wanted to touch them. "Fuck it," I thought, "this is fake anyway." I reached out and touched one of the blondes. God her ass was smooth and tight. I wanted to grab her hips and press my cock right between her cheeks. I could feel an overwhelming sense of arousal. I have never felt this horny in my entire life. Busty One and Busty Two led me to a small den in the corner of the club. They grabbed my arms and pulled me inside, closing the curtain behind them. Busty Two pushed me down onto the couch and straddled me.

"What'll it be Sexy?" she asked in a seductive voice.

"I want to fuck you both," was all I could manage to say.

"Easy tiger. One thing at a time. I think my sister here is feeling a little left out. You're going to have to work for this. I think her pussy could use a little warming up."

She grabbed my hand and placed it on Busty One's mound, she gasped. "OH yes. Rub my clit." My gaze bounced between the two massive breasts inches from my face to where my hand was rubbing Busy One. Oh god I was rock hard. Busty Two lowered herself and started rocking back and forth on my covered cock. I could feel her pussy lips spread slightly underneath her boody shorts. I felt a little precum rise within me. 

I reached up with my left hand and massaged Two's soft, perky globe over her shirt. She reached up and slid her top over her head, exposing her tits to me. My jaw dropped out of shear awe. Busty Two didn't skip a beat, she leaned forward and thrust her tit in my mouth. I sucked her hard and flicked her nipple with my tongue. She started to moan. Busty One stood up and ripped off her top and shorts. She stood behind her sister and grabbed her other tit, bouncing it in her hand. She grinned her pussy against her sisters ass. Oh god! I love watching tits bounce and jiggle. I loved watching her squeeze the flesh between her fingers and pinch the nipple. "Oh fuck!" I moaned, "Please let me fuck one of you. You are driving me crazy. I can't take this anymore!" I started to sit up wanting to bend one over and fuck her brains out.

Busty Two shoved me back into the couch, "Not yet Stud. We're giving the orders. Not you."

They both backed away and knelt inches from my throbbing dick. They both pulled my shorts and boxers down. My cock sprung free. They each took turns touching and squeezing my cock. Busty One took her index finger and smeared my leaking cock with my precum. Busty Two lowered her head, spread my legs, and started licking my cock. Busty One reached under and fondled my balls. I couldn't believe how much of this I was able to take. Normally I would have blown my load by now.

They each took turns sucking on my dick, running their tongues up and down my shaft. They both inched closer and took their breasts in their hands. They bounced and jiggled them in front of me. I instinctively started thrusting my hips a little. They each took the hint and lowered their tits onto my dick. I had never had a double titjob before but it certainly was a fantasy. They raised their tits and let them drop on my dick. They both spit on my cock and rubbed their tits together up and down my shaft. 

I could never explain my obsession with breasts. Some guys are ass men others are boob men. I felt my liking for tits went far beyond normal. Big or small, I always wanted to suck on them or have them wrapped around my dick. Even more, cumming on a pair of tits was a huge turn on. It might have been a slight dominance thing but an obsession nonetheless. 

I felt myself getting close to cumming. They must've sensed it because they immediately stopped. Busty One laid me down on the couch, pulled my shirt off, and straddled my face. She grinded her hips forward, pushing my nose into her pussy. She rocked more and I grabbed her ass with my hands. I licked her pussy lips from bottom to top and lingered on her clit. She moaned when I flicked my tongue a few times.

"I want some of this action!" screamed Busty Two. She quickly sat behind my head and rested her legs around her sisters ass. Busty One didn't hesitate. She leaned forward and began eating her sister out. Both were moaning uncontrollably. I reached up and grabbed One's tits and pinched her nipples. This sent her over the edge. She forced her pussy further into my face as she began to cum. She came hard. Her legs contracted and squeezed my head. I didn't stop tongue fucking her. She begged me to stop but I kept lapping up her sweet juices. Her sister immediately started cumming when she heard Busty One cumming. Busty Two was a squirter. As she came, I was drenched in her juice. 

Busty Two was still hot and panting. She pushed her sister backward and jumped onto my dick. She didn't miss a beat. Within a half second, she lowered herself onto my throbbing cock. She was incredibly tight but was so wet that I slipped straight to her center. Her clit collided with my pelvis and she moaned loudly. I lifted my hips off the couch and reached around her back to hold onto her. I fucked her hard. I pounded my hips upward while pulling on her shoulders, shoving her downward. I couldn't stop. She felt so amazing. Her tight little pussy was wrapped so warmly around my cock. I drove my cock as deep into her as I could make it. She moaned louder and louder, almost screaming. Her pussy squeezed even tighter around my dick and she came again. She drenched my dick and the couch with her wetness. 

Busty One now lifted her sister off me and straddled me herself. She grabbed my cock and rubbed my head against her clit. She did this for several seconds before thrusting forward, driving me into her. 

I heard a beep and my eyes flashed white. Everything was white. I couldn't see anything. I could still hear the moaning and my cock was still inside the busty blonde goddess's pussy. My eyes started adjusting. I was back in the VR chair. My headset had been taken off. IT WAS THE RECEPTIONIST! This was real! She was fucking me in the chair. She saw my bewilderment and thrust her tits in my face. I couldn't take it anymore. I started to cum. I grabbed her waist and pulled her close. My entire body locked up. I couldn't breathe. My cock exploded. I was pumping my seed into her pussy. I felt it start to leak down my balls. I couldn't stop convulsing. My cock was twitching inside her. I had never cum this hard in my entire life.

Finally the sensation began to fade. I was spent. I felt so week. The receptionist started to stand up and my cock slid out of her amazing slit. I was overtaken by fatigue. My body went limp and my mind started to fade. Just before I passed out, I heard her say "Thank you for cumming to Virtual Existence. We look forward to seeing you again."