 Disclaimer: All sexual activity is between adults, which on Nova Terra is age 20. I hope you enjoy.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Cooper Chess' Journal

Saturday, 23 October, CY 26

When I left you, dear reader, and got back to our bedspace, I discovered who was causing Mel to moan. She and Chinah were in their first 69 with each other, Mel on top, facing the foot of the bed, while Spinz looked on from the left side of the bed with an awestruck grin on his face, while his cock was apparently still recovering from our earlier sex, as it lay on his thigh, still flaccid. I didn't know how many orgasms I'd already missed, but the girls' sweat-covered bodies told me it was probably a few.

I felt my own cock start to react, stiffening at the sight of my wives exploring their newfound Sapphic side. Their passionate touches and kisses of each other, while Spinz and I made love to them had gotten more frequent over the previous days, so it didn't surprise me that they wanted to see how sex, just between the two of them, would be like.

As an observer, I have to say it was damned hot! And from their moans, they agreed.

I climbed onto the right side of the bed, laying alongside Chinah, to watch up close how she made love to Mel. She spotted me, and gave me a little smile, just before sliding her tongue through Mel's labia, held apart with her fingers, and lightly flicked Mel's clit briefly, moved away then back again, and again, each time applying a little more pressure to the clit, before moving away.

"You having fun?" I whispered to Chinah.

Her giggle turned into a moan, then another, as she reacted to whatever Mel was doing. I spotted Spinz moving into a reversed position to mine to watch Mel lick Chinah, and saw him run his hand along Mel's spine, up to her neck, then down again..

I was rock hard, but held back, wanting to let my wives have their time together, to figure out if their apparent lust for each other stood on its own, or was only based on their general excitement while being fucked by Spinz and me.

At least I did until Melany reached one juice-coated hand over to grasp my penis, and she started to stroke me, slow and soft, while keeping most of her attention on Chinah.

Accepting the apparent invitation, I also ran my left hand along Mel's back, over her buttocks, and along her left leg, where I gave her foot a quick tickle, before reversing direction and returning to her buttocks, which I squeezed.

I wet the fingers of my left hand in my mouth, before slipping them along her ass crack and between her legs, and rubbed my index and middle fingers slowly along her labia. I slipped my index and middle fingers into her opening, but the angle of my hand didn't let me go far inside.

Her smothered moans and a quick squeeze of my dick told me she approved. Chinah was focussing all of her attention on Mel's clit now, quick circles around and over it, but still light and teasing.

I leaned to Chinah's ear, and said, "Flatten your tongue and zig-zag over her, and she's yours forever."

I saw her take my advice, and felt Mel's pussy spasm under my hand.

Mel screamed out, "Fuuuuck! Unh! Cumming!!" as she arched her back and shuddered, cumming hard.

My wrist began to tire from its twisted position, so I pulled away from Mel's hand, and sat up on my knees by Chinah's head, so I could switch hands, thrusting two fingers of my right hand into Mel's drenched pussy, and circle the star of her anus with my thumb. My left hand, fingers still slick with her juices, I slid under her body, and swirled wetly around her nipple. Her moan of "Cooper" was muffled, but I knew she liked what I was doing.

I could see Chinah suck Mel's clit into her mouth, and as Mel came yet again, I pinched her nipple and slid my thumb into her butt, and she screamed, "Coooop, ohhh fuck fuuuck oh ohhh Fuck!!" and she thrashed and shook, then rolled to my side of Chinah, spent.

Spinz took over in licking Chinah, while she leaned over Mel's middle and sucked my prick into her mouth, swirling her tongue along me, then pulling me out to lick and suck on the outside, down my shaft to the root. Mel squirmed out from between us, and lay behind me, then reached between my legs to squeeze my ballsack, but surrendered it to Chinah when she swatted Mel away, saying "Mine right now, wife."

Chinah's mouth was sucking on one of my balls when she came on Spinz' tongue, and the vibration of her moan around me almost made me cum, if not for her hand's firm grasp around my base. And it only took her letting go of that grip after taking me back into her mouth to trigger me, as I coated her mouth in sperm, shot after shot.

As I finished shooting and pulled out, she moaned, "Spinz, I love your tongue, but fuck me, right now. I need your dick and your cum in my pussy!"

Spinz' dick looked red and ready to explode, as he slipped between her soaking wet legs, and slid in, fast and hard, even knowing that it would make him cum faster, rather than last. She wanted his sperm, she was going to get it, he seemed to be saying.

I slid over behind Mel, and spooned her, kissing her neck as we watched our spouses fuck.

"So, how was it?" I asked.

"Heavenly, for a first try at it," she answered. "We got to show our love for each other in a physical way, and I now know she turns me on, without being turned on by one of you guys first. I think we all are still learning what turns each other on best, and it felt a little like her pussy licking reflected what turns her on most, and I'm sure mine reflected my likes. She certainly made me cum, even before you got involved, but I still get the most satisfaction making love to you and Spinz. Still, when the two of you are wiped out, it's nice to know that she and I can have fun together, too, and with time we'll learn to do what the other likes."

I kissed her shoulder, and we resumed watching Spinz and Chinah, as he grunted three times and came into her.

-----------

Cooper Chess' Journal

Tuesday, 26 October, CY 26

Well, our honeymoon's officially over. We spent yesterday working in our fields, getting them ready for our first plantings, next week.

And this morning Spinz and I chaired a meeting of the organizing committee of our overthrow group, and met with a group of Gen1 moms who we are hoping will throw in with us to amend the Charter. All they seem to want in exchange is to add one amendment...

----------

Mario & Sukie:

Mario Spinsky-Romson returned from the organizing meeting distraught and on edge. Sukie was in the downstairs living room, with two of their younger sisters. She caught sight of his expression, got up and came to him and quietly asked, "What did our Moms ask for?"

"You're not going to like it," he responded. "Our moms told Cooper and Spinz that an amendment keeping poly-siblings from getting married had to be included on the slate of amendments my brothers want to pass before their bloc would support it."

"Shit, our moms really want to keep us apart, don't they?"

Sukie Oyama-Purcell was his poly-sister. Well, ex-poly-sister, legally. The Colony Charter's Amendment 8 defined poly-siblings as children living in the same poly-family who weren't blood-related, along with formalizing an incest provision for blood-brother/blood-sister pairings and adding a requirement for genetic and social testing before marriage for all of Gen2. But since Mario was 20, he wasn't legally a child any more, so argued that he wasn't technically anyone's poly-brother any more, even though he was still living in the same poly with Sukie, neither child nor spouse. However, their moms didn't agree with that interpretation. At all. The arguments had been going on for two years with their poly-dads mostly taking Mario & Sukie's side..

He nodded. "Looks like it. What are we going to do?"

"We ought to talk to Tina and Blake, since this affects them, too," she said.

Tina Ramsey-O'Connor and Blake Gustafson-Fowler were good friends of theirs, 19-year-old poly-siblings from a different poly who wanted to date with Mario and Sukie, once Tina also turned 20 in four days so that she and Blake weren't legally poly-siblings any more, either. Blake's birthday was only two days after that, and the four fully expected to announce their engagement once they were all 20 after Sukie's birthday in four weeks.

If it hadn't been for the poly-relationships, they would have been dating already. No other dating group so far had included people from the same poly, and while they were certain the Charter said nothing to forbid their marriage, all four blood-mothers opposed them getting into a relationship. In their minds, they were brother and sister forever and ever. Which is why they were trying to change the Charter.

"Did your brothers say whether they were going to take the deal?" Sukie asked.

Mario shrugged. "Spinz knows this is aimed at the four of us, and is trying to talk Cooper out of it, but you know how pissed he still is at Chad and the sperm-fathers in general since the wedding. I was there, and I've never seen him as angry."

"I don't blame him for being angry, but screwing us in order to get back at Chad for wanting to have sex with his wives just isn't fair. Do you think you can get the text for these amendments, before we meet with Tina and Blake?"

"I have them right here," he said, pulling a tablet from his pocket. Turning it on, he handed it to Sukie.

She read:

Amendment 9: An adult in a Poly may only have sexual relations with his/her spouses in their poly. Extra-poly infidelity is punishable with a fine of 5000 credits.

Amendment 10: Upon adulthood (age 20), a man or woman leaves their childhood Poly, and must begin the process of founding a new Poly, unless already engaged to join one.

Amendment 11: A new Poly may not be founded between poly-siblings.

Amendment 12: Engagements can be formed with 19-year-olds, although marriage still requires all members be 20.

Amendment 13: Voting age is lowered to 20.

Sukie giggled, then bust out laughing.

"Want to clue me in on the joke?" Mario asked.

In between giggles, she said, "Loophole... big enough... to fly the... Avalon through."

When she pointed it out to Mario, he started laughing, too.

-----------

Monday, 2 November, CY 26.

Our cabal struck this morning, at the weekly meeting of the Colony Council. Our group, accompanied by representatives of the Mom's bloc headed by Hannah Spinsky, Spinz' mother, and thus one of my many mothers-in-law, walked into the meeting, and I dropped a stack of voter's proxies in front of my sperm-father.

"You're done, Chad," I said, smirking at him.

"What the fuck? What is this?" he said, pointing at the stack.

"Those are proxies for all the votes we need, not only for Generation 2 to take over the Council, but to amend the Charter, too. Now, you can either make acceptance of these proxies be your last official act in office, or you can get up and let it be my first act as the new head of the Council."

Chad stood, and said, "I resign to inevitability, and hope you're ready for this. Cooper, the colony's future is your generation's responsibility now. I hope these amendments are well thought out, and ready for debate." He then walked out of the meeting.

I took Chad's seat, and announced the other new members of the council, including Spinz and his blood-mother Hannah Spinsky, as each displaced the former members. We then worked through the legality of registering the proxies and approving the new amendments, without the debate Chad expected. Between the proxies I held and the ones Hannah did, we had the proxies for the necessary 2/3rds vote, so we moved forward. I should have known better.

As soon as we finished, my blood-brother Mario Spinsky-Romson stood up, saying, "Thank you, Cooper. You've just made it possible for me to say this." He faced Hannah, and said, "Mom, other members of the council, I wish to announce that Sukie, Tina, Blake and I are engaged, effective today."

Hannah bolted from her seat, screaming, "What!?!? You can't! We just passed an amendment saying you can't."

Mario laughed, almost snorting. "And you also passed the loophole that invalidates your amendment, almost completely."

"What do you mean? What loophole?" she asked.

Mario walked closer to the council table, asking, "Mom, how old am I?"

"Twenty."

"And under Amendment 10, am I still a member of your poly?" He was grinning.

Hannah's eyes went wide, as she answered, "Oh, stars! You're not."

"That's right," Mario said. "I'm not a member of your poly, or of any poly at all until I marry into my own. Until today, the Charter never addressed the status of unmarried adults in regards to their childhood poly. Now it does. And if I'm not a member of Sukie's poly any more, then I'm certainly no longer her poly-brother, and Amendment 11 simply doesn't apply to us. Same for Tina and Blake. Tina's birthday was 2 days ago, and Blake's is today. They're both 20, so are no longer members of any poly."

He paused for a breath, then continued, "I've always argued with you that only children can be poly-siblings, that once one turns 20, they stop being poly-siblings, under the definition in Amendment 8. Amendment 10 makes that even clearer. I might even argue that poly-siblings ought to be able to date even before being 20, because by the time they can marry, they won't be poly-siblings any more. Regardless of that, since 3 of my quad are already 20, we not only can date, but Amendment 12 lets us announce our engagement before Sukie turns 20 next month. We might even get through all the pre-marriage testing in time to get married on her birthday. Now, if you'll excuse me, my quad is going on our first official date to celebrate Blake's birthday."

And with that, he and Sukie walked out.

Hannah looked at me, fuming. "You added Amendment 10, Cooper, and I focussed on the 'start a new poly' part. Was this your intent?"

"Absolutely, Hannah," I replied, a bit smugly, I admit. "There is no medical reason related to genetics to deny Mario and Sukie the right to be happy together. He's already ineligible to marry the 8% of the colony's girls who are his blood-sisters, so making his poly-siblings ineligible too isn't fair, just because you and his quad's other three moms still want to treat the four of them like kids forever. You were so focussed on Amendment 11, you didn't pay attention to the rest. I didn't point out that it wouldn't do what you wanted, because I needed your bloc's votes to pass Amendment 9."

"I'll get even with you for this, Cooper," Hannah grumbled, sitting back down.

I chuckled at her. "Try it, Hannah. With the voting age changed, Gen2 now has the majority of votes, so we could just vote you off the council altogether," I responded. "You only needed to add one word to your amendment to make it effective, but you didn't see it."

"And what was that word, Cooper?" she asked.

"You only needed to add the word 'former', as in 'former poly-siblings'. In your head, they're siblings forever, so you never conceived of needing to change the definition of poly-sibling to make the relationship permanent or needing to add 'former' to your amendment to make your prohibition last past their 20th birthday, when they're already prohibited from marrying before 20. Of course, I'd have never let those versions pass, because I know those four will be happy together. And now I doubt you could get the votes to keep it from being repealed, never mind enough to amend it."

She slumped in her seat, but said nothing more.

We dealt with a couple minor agenda items left over from the previous council, but before we could adjourn, Thom O'Reilly, Chinah's sperm-father, with whom she'd grown up, stood and said, "Permission to address the Council about new business?"

I waved him forward. He was carrying a stack of paper, which he dropped in front of me, just like I'd dropped the stack of proxies in front of Chad. That should have been my first clue that I was about to get bushwacked. "Okay, Thom, what are these?" I asked.

"They're petitions from about a third of the Generation 1 polys, requesting to merge with other polys. You didn't think your Amendment 9 was a secret from us, did you? Of course, if you'd bothered to debate the amendments first, we'd have told you that this is how we'd counter it."

"We needed the element of surprise," I said.

"That's just crap!" he responded. "You never had the element of surprise, because you were seen coming a parsec away, although Chad was convinced you weren't ready to move yet. Even he knew it was inevitable. And even if you'd had the surprise of overthrowing the council, passing these Amendments could have waited so they could be debated, and the whole colony could have contributed to a better set than you wound up with, something that made my fellow sperm-fathers behave better without trying to end the relationships between polys that in my opinion have made this colony stronger."

"Maybe you're right about the debate," I admitted.

He smiled before saying, "Cooper, I know you and Spinz love my daughter, and that she loves you both and doesn't want any relationships outside of your poly, at least for now. But that might change, for any of the four of you."

Then his smile faded, while saying, "I think what you don't seem to understand or appreciate is that some of the sexual relationships you're trying to make illegal today have been in existence and enduring since we were on the Avalon or even back in our training on Old Terra, well before you were born, and had nothing at all to do with the sperm-fathers being required to have sex with women who weren't their wives or in their eventual polys. Other relationships started as groups participating together in an impregnation here, rather than being just the sperm-father having sex one-on-one with the mother, but they have actually endured decades, long after the required pregnancies brought us together. A lot of different reasons for people to love each other, both physically and emotionally, without being in the same poly. And you're trying to squash all of them. Why, because you think Chad's a horndog? He is, but he's also just one man."

"It's not just him, and you know it," I injected.

"So what if it's a dozen out of the sixteen of us?", Thom asked. Thom was one of the better-behaved sperm-fathers. "The colony's full of loving relationships beyond the boorish competitiveness of a few sperm-dads. Some of these are relationships between individuals, couples or entire polys. For myself, I've had ongoing relationships with women in a couple of my neighboring polys, sometimes with my wives and husbands participating, sometimes not. Unlike many of the other sperm-fathers, I stopped pursuing additional women and additional pregnancies, past my completion of the colony's pregnancy list, although a few did still happen, with women I chose to be intimate with after that, and I do love the kids who resulted. I know you blame the sperm-fathers for overpopulation problems, but we dealt with those problems, Cooper. The colony's been stabilized. At least until you just upset it again. No need to regulate everyone's sex because of the past, or because of a dozen men.."

He paused for a breath, before saying, "So, the two polys I'm most involved with are merging with mine so we can evade your idiotic amendment. We kept these polys separate over the years mainly because it's easier to manage three smaller households and farms than one big one. However, there's still a lot of affection and attraction between us, even if it's not the same level of love we have inside our chosen polys. But we're simply not going to stop making love to who we want because being 'extramarital' upsets some prudes among our kids."  Thom's face got harder. "All your amendment accomplishes is to force us to combine the polys legally, even while most will remain in separate houses so that we can still manage our farms efficiently. And you can count on another stack of these petitions almost as big next week, either further merges, or dissolving what we just merged to rearrange the combinations, just to drown you in the fucking paperwork. Your new Council is going to be spending practically all your time going over petition after petition, week after week, until you give in and revoke this ridiculous amendment. Hell, revoke them all. Even if we have to merge every poly in the colony into one huge one so we're totally unrestricted again. Have fun being a bureaucrat, you little prick."
