 Foreword: The opening makes this feel like a plot/adventure-heavy modern fantasy, but I'll warn up front that it's mostly a gateway to extended debauchery & power fantasy stuff. There will still be some plot, but expect much more sex and wish fulfillment than thrills and chills after the opening. Also, if you're the type who can't stand the thought of reconciling with a lover after s/he's moved on to another, please abandon this story now.

Tags Up Front (wish this was standard): fantasy sex, harem, power fantasy, MFF, wife, group sex, action, dominance, romance, female submissive, magic.

*****

Rain beat down on the windshield of his parked car loudly enough to drown out the stereo. He sat in the driver's seat, staring at the gate of the Malibu mansion. Between the storm and the natural darkness of the night, the gate was about all he could make out of the grounds. Hedges lined the property on either side of that gate. Beyond the gate, he could see a little bit of the large house. He saw lights inside and out. He saw modern architecture.

He didn't see much hope.

The Foo Fighters playlist ran on his stereo on the chance that it might offer him some hope, but the rain came in so hard that he'd have to crank it up to hear it now, and blasting music while casing someone's house seemed dumb. Sitting out here seemed dumb, too. So did this whole ridiculous mission or quest or whatever it was. He came only because he had nothing left to lose. The ten-year-old car and its contents comprised the last of his possessions, and even the car was on a repossession list. Everything else in his life had already been taken or destroyed by the evil son of a bitch living in that house.

All gone now. Wife, job, apartment, friends, family. All gone. Veteran and college graduate at twenty-seven, career in aid work at twenty-eight, happily married at twenty-nine, double-income-no-kids at thirty. Homeless and desperate at thirty-three.

If nothing else, Evan would go down fighting.

Midnight wasn't too far off. Timing didn't have to be exact, just relatively close. Evan took one last look in the mirror, finding the same green eyes, short brown hair and relatively good-looking face he'd always known. No chance that he was living out someone else's life. This was still all him. He turned off the car and his old, no-service-having iPhone, put on his gloves, and opened up the shoebox containing the most vital bits of gear.

The iron dagger could get the job done if he used it well. He'd never been in the infantry, but he knew the basics. Evan uncorked the vial of water sitting in the tissue paper beside the blade, murmuring the incantation he now knew by heart and pouring the water over the blade.

"Demon conspiracy" wasn't the sort of life obstacle he'd ever expected. All his problems had seemed so mundane, despite being so inexplicable: frequent belligerence from strangers, troubles at work, things breaking at home. Bills went into collections even when he had records of payments. Nicole drifted from him, but she was on a busy fast-track to junior executive status with a fashion firm while he was—or seemed to be—more and more of a wreck. That seemed natural, if frustrating. But even the marriage counselors did more far more harm than good.

If he hadn't worked at resettling refugees, whose experience and understanding of the world was far different from the average American's, he'd never have known. If his troubles hadn't culminated in charges of embezzlement and theft and worse at work, those same refugees who knew him incapable of such deeds would never have come forward. They'd never have seen his trouble. They wouldn't have been there when Nicole, heartbroken and understandably convinced her husband had always been a fraud, left him in tears. But they stood by him. They revealed the truth. They proved it wasn't all mere superstition and paranoia. They showed him his enemy: a distant executive from his wife's firm, who wasn't an ordinary man at all.

They also warned him to walk away and try to start over, but he knew he couldn't do that. The best Evan could do was to make sure he was the last of this monster's victims and maybe, he hoped, free others from ongoing torment.

That word again. Hope. Maybe he'd found a little of it with the weapon in his hand. Or maybe that was just resolve. He put the questions aside. Time to get things done now. Evan slipped out of his old Chevy, locked it as if it mattered, and hustled across the wet side street to the gate. He looked around for a camera, but it didn't matter either way. Evan grabbed hold of the bars and scrambled up the way they'd taught him to in the Army.

Almost fifteen years since basic. Ten since he'd gotten out. He kept in decent shape. Evan had never been a frontline guy, but he'd seen battle anyway, and everyone went through combat training during pre-deployment work-ups. Ten years a civilian, but tonight he'd have to do his best to be a soldier one last time. The climb over the gate provided a confidence builder on his way in, if nothing else.

The grounds seemed bigger than he'd expected. The darkness of the night prevented him from getting a good look, but he saw open spaces for walking and flowers and palm trees all around. The house had a pretty damn extravagant pool, and a living room looking out over it. Evan slipped past all that. He focused on the house. No parties raging tonight, at least. He'd have to find a way inside.

His heart skipped a couple of beats when he saw a woman in the window along the front door staring at him. Her wavy brown hair cascaded down in front of her left shoulder. She wore a black nightgown that flattered her ample curves. The alarming part, though, was that she looked right at Evan despite all the shadows and the rain.

He froze momentarily. He'd been busted, after all. The woman opened the door. She looked right at him and seemed almost sad. Her beauty was almost painful. He'd been warned he might find such women here, though. He wouldn't fall for their allure, no matter how much he wished he could now that one of them confronted him. Still, she gave no hint of temptation. She looked more like she had to deliver very bad news.

"You can come in," she said with neither welcome nor rebuke. "He knows you're here now. No one will come between you." 

He considered it for only a moment. The hell with it, he figured. Busted. Might as well go through with it. Evan walked to the door. "Thank you," he said as she stepped aside and then closed the door behind him.

It was an impressive house, or really more of a mansion: spacious, well-decorated, clean. The brunette said, "He's in his study. This way." Then she walked through the foyer down one hall.

Evan managed to take his eyes off of the distracting sway of her hips to look around. The house wasn't empty at all. They passed a living room where Evan saw several more stunningly attractive women and a couple of striking men chatting in a living room. They wore silk robes or, like his guide, flattering nightgowns. All of them looked up with mild interest, but none spoke up or followed. He saw more of the same as they passed the kitchen, too. There had to be a dozen people here.

"Did I miss a party?" asked Evan.

Hazel eyes looked back at him as she kept walking. "This is only a Tuesday," she said without emotion.

She led him to a staircase, not the main one by the foyer but a smaller, less grand structure, and brought him up to the set of rooms nearby. As they ascended, Evan became aware of soft, ecstatic feminine moans coming from above. Someone felt really good and didn't mind anyone hearing about it. The brunette walked to one open door, stopped and gestured inside.

Evan paused, taking in and then releasing a few deep, steady breaths to steel himself, both for what he knew he might see and for the confrontation ahead. The brunette quirked an eyebrow as she waited but said nothing. She didn't seem particularly amused, simply curious but patient until he walked inside.

The study contained a marble tile floor and a couple of comfortable chairs in front of a large desk. Along the walls stood bookshelves and such, but they mattered much less than the big desk at the center and the two people behind it. One of them was Evan's estranged wife, bent over and naked but for the straps of a shelf bra meant to leave her breasts lewdly exposed, swinging in time with the thrusts of the large, muscular, open-shirted man behind her.

He more than half expected this, though he almost didn't recognize Nicole. She'd always been pretty, but now she was stunning, as if all of her original features had been revised and perfected by some master artist. Sandy blonde hair hung down around icy blue eyes that hardly seemed to register his presence, let alone recognize her husband.

No, Evan told himself. Not her husband. It's over now. It's been over for a year. There's no ring on her finger. By her own words, she was no one's damsel in distress, either.

The big guy with the dark goatee, however, clearly wanted to keep their marriage front and center. "Figured I should let you have a last look at your wife," he said, slowly pushing in and out. Without even really looking, he squirted some oil down between the two of them from a plastic bottle. Nicole simply moaned. "See how much better I am for her than you ever could be? See how good she looks now? If it makes you feel better, you're not the first loser to find his wife with my dick in her ass. Cuck," he added with a casual sneer.

Evan's heart thudded heavily in his chest, but he kept his cool. Nicole wasn't his damsel in distress. She was an adult who made her own decisions, even if they led to this. He held silent and waited.

"You're not the first fuckin' wimp to just stand there and watch, either," said the other man. "So what's it gonna be? You gonna cry? Tell me to get my filthy hands off her? You got it in you to say anything at all?"

"There's no point."

"No point, huh? No point to standing up for yourself? That's what you came here to do, isn't it? Well, you're right about that. Smarter to beg for some part of your life back. I'm betting you came here to be a tough guy. Only look at you now. Standing there frozen."

He thrust into Nicole steadily. "Oh, fuck yes, Ted," she slurred, putting her forearms down on the desk for support. Between her voice and her eyes, Evan grew convinced she didn't even realize he was there.

"Who's going to care?" Evan asked.

"I sure don't. Your slut wife sure doesn't," Ted scoffed, giving her another slow, deep thrust to produce another, louder moan. "You know she wouldn't fuck me until after she'd left you? She knew she wanted me, but she kept pushing me off. At least until she could see what a loser you were. Had to know you were a crook. Had to hear you cheated your way through college. I mean you two had to be well and truly broken up first. Can't get enough of me now, though. Or cock in general. That slut inside her is on the loose now."

Silence. Evan wouldn't let himself be baited. He'd taken for granted that Nicole and Ted had sex. Seeing it made no difference, particularly after he'd made peace with her leaving him. Whether she'd feel differently when this was over, however it turned out, Evan didn't know, but he didn't come for that. Reconciliation was a nice pipe dream. Nothing more.

Ted's jaw set. He'd given no hint of any real pleasure from the sex, but now he seemed openly aggravated. "Where've you been hiding yourself, anyway? You can't work anymore. Nobody's gonna hire you with the baggage that's on your records now. Family ain't taking care of you. I've been watching. Heh. Man, you don't even know how much I've taken from you yet," he grinned evilly. "How much of your life is yours. So what's it been? Sleeping at the YMCA or something? Handjobs for truck drivers to bring you down here?"

"Nothing you're saying matters," said Evan.

"Nothing matters?" Ted fairly sputtered. "All the ways I destroyed your fucking life and nothing matters?"

Evan shrugged. He had questions, of course. Questions like "why me?" and "what else have you done?" and "who else have you hurt?" but he couldn't trust the answers. He only could trust his enemy to say something hurtful and misleading. Only the fight mattered now. "You're a bully. One of us isn't walking out of here. At that point, all your shit-talking is just shit... T'eydhulthesh."

The other man's face turned red, and then darkened. He shoved Nicole forward on the desk and stepped back to come around her. "Okay, then," he said, his voice deeper than ever now. He seemed to grow as the room got darker. He got darker, too, his skin slowly turning to an almost charcoal black. Horns grew from his head and his eyes burned with a red light. "You got my name right. You're right about not walking out of here, too."

Evan stepped back, putting his hand in his jacket. He knew a transformation was possible, but he didn't expect the one in front of him. The big, muscular man, naked but for an unbuttoned shirt on his shoulders, now turned into something darker, larger and less human. His face twisted in a hateful rage. "You gonna shoot me?" he shouted. "You know how many assholes have shot me before? Go ahead. Right here, you pathetic piece of shit," said the demon, slapping his chest over his heart. "Take your best..." His words fell away when he saw the dagger.

"Gonna have to come closer for that," said Evan. He didn't know if he sounded brave, but that hardly mattered, either. One of them would die regardless and wouldn't be around to remember.

The charcoal black demon that was once Ted came at Evan without further taunting. He raised his big fists up to deliver crushing blows, mistaking Evan's last backward step for a retreat. Instead, Evan sprang forward and low, slashing deeply into the demon's thigh. The monster roared with pain and swung down at Evan but missed.

"Unh," moaned the woman on the desk as the noises came through the haze in her mind. She thought she'd heard a name and a voice that used to mean so much to her. "Evan?"

He had the sense to stay out of reach. His opponent had many advantages, but now the demon was wounded. A couple more steps around the study proved that the deep cut in the demon's leg made a difference, as he was now visibly hobbled and missed another swing at Evan as a result. The thing had its guard up now, though, making it difficult for Evan to get in another strike. Cutting it up was all well and good, but he needed to stab through its heart to kill it.

Coming around the desk, Evan realized his biggest worry: Nicole was still slumped over the desk, shaking her head and blinking hard but still groggy. The demon noticed as Evan looked, too. He reached forward to grab the bewildered woman, but Evan swung out with the dagger again, striking the demon's wrist. It left him open. With its other big hand, the demon grabbed Evan and yanked him off his feet, then flung him back down like a ragdoll beside Nicole.

She yelped as she staggered back from the desk. "Evan!" she blurted in recognition as he fell to the floor. Evan knocked random things off the desk along the way: a liquor bottle, papers, a cell phone. It all wound up underneath him in a wet, jagged mess as electronics and glass alike shattered.

He rolled up, knowing the demon wouldn't give him a moment to recover, but he didn't get himself set in time. The demon was already on top of him.

Then Ted's laptop came crashing into the demon's face. Evan heard Nicole growl, "No!" as she swung the computer with all her might, smashing it into a couple hundred pieces and driving the monster back a step. The beast reached out to swing at Nicole instead of Evan, but missed her as she jumped back. It was all the opening her husband needed.

Evan slashed upward with his knife into the monster's groin. The demon let out a shriek of horror and agony as Evan cut through the side of its prodigious member, nearly severing the whole thing. The dagger continued through into its sack and then out again. Blood sprayed all over Evan as he tried to roll under its spread legs.

"Ted" staggered backward, though, screaming and reflexively cupping his wound. Evan saw his chance. He lunged up with the dagger, stabbing the demon directly in the throat and then tearing out again with a merciless growl. More blood spurted out, much of it catching Evan as the demon grabbed him and hit him once more.

Evan wound up with his butt against the desk. The demon tried to force him onto his back, but the dagger kept biting and slashing and the pain of its wounds caused it to fight irrationally. Again, Nicole came in to assist, this time wielding a lamp as her weapon against the back of the enemy's head. It bashed her away with a swipe of her arm, knocking her to the floor, but again it left itself open as a result. Battered and frightened, Evan stabbed into the beast's chest. The demon staggered backward. Knowing better than to let up, Evan straddled the thing's big torso and practically dug with his blade, ignoring the flailing arms that occasionally beat against him until it no longer moved.

His final thrust, directly into the monster's heart, sent an electric tremor through Evan's arms and then his whole body. His vision darkened and then exploded with stars, and when he could see again he found the blade glowing with a bright white light that crept up into his hands and wrists.

The demon's body grew rocky, brittle and hot, like a piece of charcoal. He released the dagger, but the glow didn't go away. Evan realized his own clothes were starting to smolder. The blood that covered him seemed to burn him, but where he saw burns he soon saw that same white light.

"Evan?" he heard a familiar, feminine voice call out. "Oh my God, Evan?"

Sensations and pain overwhelmed him. Everything went red, and then white, and then black.

* * *

He felt silk sheets against his skin as he stirred. The bed felt amazing. Come to think of it, for the first time in months if not years, Evan woke up feeling pretty amazing, too.

"I think he's waking up," said a woman's voice.

"Evan?" said another.

His eyes opened. The bedroom was bigger than the two-bedroom apartment he'd shared with his wife. Blinds covered up a nearby sliding glass door, but he could tell that it was daytime out there. He saw two dressers, a walk-in closet, erotic artwork on the walls and a full-length mirror. The bed was huge, but he lay only on one side of it. The sheets smelled like they'd been freshly cleaned. The brunette from before sat in a comfortable, upholstered chair nearby. Nicole rose up from hers to come near, looking at once concerned and apologetic. Both wore silk robes. Evan couldn't feel any clothes on his body.

"Hey," Evan croaked.

His estranged wife took his hand, her eyes welling up with tears. She still looked achingly beautiful. "I'm so sorry," she said, kissing his hand and then holding it tight. "Are you okay?"

"I feel okay," he said. "Little thirsty. Little groggy, but it's clearing. What happened?"

"You won the fight," said the brunette. "Ted's gone. You survived. You've been healing ever since." She retrieved a carafe and glass from a nearby nightstand to pour him some water. "I expected you would recover. I'm Madelyne. Nicole asked me to be here with her to help explain things. I've served 'Ted' for a very long time. I understand mystical matters better than most."

"How long is a long time?" he asked after taking the glass and downing a big gulp.

"Not quite two hundred years," said the tanned, gorgeous brunette.

Evan blinked. "You don't, uh...wow. You look and sound about as California as anyone I've ever met. In all the good ways, I mean," he corrected, seeing her smile. Then again, Nicole seemed particularly "California babe," too. Stunningly so. Desire stirred despite his circumstances, but he couldn't blame himself for that. He was only human.
