 Foreword: Going to be plenty of debauchery from here on out. Also lots of consent talk, because I find that hot. References to male-on-male sex are only conversational, btw; I want to acknowledge it without any shaming or put-downs in the story, but I won't be writing it 'cause it's just not my thing. It happens, but it won't happen for the protagonist, and it won't happen on screen. Hope that doesn't disappoint anyone.

Tags Up Front: fantasy sex, harem, consent, power fantasy, dominance, MFM, wife, group sex, romance, female submissive, magic.

*****

"I have everyone's contracts," said Madelyn as she came out of the closet with a stack of parchments in her hand. She wore her silk robe again. After a shower and a little time brushing her hair, she didn't look at all like someone who'd had a couple long bouts of soul-deep sex, though she certainly inspired the desire for more of the same. "Are you ready for this?"

"I don't know," said Evan. He sat on the carpeted platform that held the vast bed, dressed in a pair of black flannel pajama pants that Madelyn found for him somewhere. He didn't want to wear any of the clothes of the room's former occupant, and they wouldn't have fit him, anyway. His abs, chest and arms showed new definition, giving a visible reminder of his new power. His wife sat beside him, also in her robe and cleaned up like the other two, leaning against him affectionately. "Not really sure how someone gets ready for a thing like this."

"It's not like they know any better than you how to handle it," spoke up Nicole, draping one arm over his shoulders. "If they don't like it, it's their problem, not yours."

Evan rolled his eyes and smiled. "This is some crazy fascist talk, you realize."

"Yeah," his wife grinned, "but they all signed contracts with a demon. If they want to stay on the payroll, I don't think they get to be judgmental. Besides, nobody thinks this is normal society. This is a closed group."

"She's right," said Madelyne. "A closed group, and some of us closed off from each other. He created barriers between us so we would never know all his schemes. He never addressed us in groups, but that seems like the most practical course here." She knelt in front of him, putting the contracts down to gently touch his legs. He'd known her only a few hours, and already he had her complete loyalty, and her deepest affection. "Are you having second thoughts?"

"Sort of? It's like I feel like I should be having them. Power corrupts and all that."

Nicole leaned in and kissed his neck. "You already have that power. This way you'll have willing people to share it with. They have to consent to stay. Remember what I told you, Evan. Give yourself permission. We'll be with you no matter what. So the question is..." Her lips pressed against his neck again. "...what do you want?" Another kiss. "There's nothing wrong with wanting it all."

He took and released a long, slow, deep breath, bathing in their nearness. Maybe they were seducing him, or enabling him, but he understood their sincerity, too. He knew they wouldn't lie to him. He gave himself permission. "What do I do if...if I want it all?"

"Then we want that, too," said Madelyne, her voice heavy with new arousal. She shook it off. "My advice? This isn't a normal relationship. You're not dating, you're not courting. These are bonds of magic and sexual servitude and dominance, and they're all still wired to enjoy submission. Forget modesty. Fuck modesty. Don't worry about tact. These women fucking want you, desperately, and if the men can't have you they still want to stay at the party. Be blunt, be lewd, and tell them explicitly that they will belong to you permanently. Go with the darkest, most selfish depths of your desires. Everyone here reveled in their servitude to a decadent creature. You're a compassionate man, and they'll cherish that when they find out, but right now you'll win much more interest by going dark than being gentle."

"I hear you," he nodded, and grinned a bit. "That may be the hottest advice I've ever heard."

"I'm eager to see you follow it," she assured him. "Own it, Evan. No sheepish grins. No need to blush. Own it, and own us."

"Can we catch up in a couple minutes?" Nicole asked Evan. "I'd really like a minute or two alone."

"Of course. Evan, you remember your options?" Madelyne reminded him. "You remember that even without a full claim of the contract, they cannot lie to you now?" He nodded. She quietly favored him with a smile. "I'll have everyone in the living room. Nicole knows the way." She took his offered hand for a brief, affectionate touch and then walked out.

"Okay," breathed Nicole, "if you don't fall for her, you're out of your mind and I don't even know you."

Evan laughed. "I've got it pretty bad for her already. How are you feeling about the rest of this?"

"Nervous," she smiled. "I must be nervous, because I feel fucking fantastic."

Evan blinked, then remembered what she told him about their bond and its compulsive pleasure. "If you want to talk it out more or back off—"

"No. No, I want this for you. For us. This is just inhibitions getting brought under control, y'know? In the best way," she admitted with fluttering eyes. "Normally it's a completely private pleasure, no matter how intense it gets. People can't even tell unless I want them to know."

"Do you ever get all the way to climax like that?"

She shook her head. "Sort of. I get off, but the real climax comes with actual sex. This is more like edging an orgasm, but longer and harder than normal women could.

"I wanted you to know this is good for me, too. The contract goes hard when I'm compelled to break a taboo. Practically any kind of taboo, even if I've done it before. Only I think it's all fresh again now that I have a new master. You coming all over me earlier was so good, but that was spontaneous. I've had a little while to anticipate all this. My sweet, loving, faithful husband is about to claim a pack of hot succubi as his mistresses. This will change our marriage forever. You're damn right I'm nervous, but holy fuck is this payoff already awesome."

She looked deeply into his eyes. "Don't be afraid to push me, Evan. I can say no. I promise you, if I have a real problem with something, I'll say no. Don't wait to ask if I'm okay with something. If I cooperate, it's not because I'm compromising or letting you run over me. You know me better than that, even now. But this isn't some scene we have to negotiate in advance. This is magic, and you're the master and me and Madelyne and everyone else who gives in to you is the willing servant. Assume consent with us. Every temptation, every perverted thought, from now on all I want you to say is 'fuck yes,' okay?"

"Deal. Anything else I should know?" he asked, grinning. "I mean who knows what could happen once we go down there, right?"

"I want to know what you want from me. Explicitly. As your wife and as your whore," she said with a fun, lusty smile. "Doesn't have to be now. But we need to have a solid talk about us going forward."

"Well, for now..." He leaned in closely. "I need a lot of enabling. I want to know you're turned on. I want you to give me plenty of attention. Don't be afraid to jump in when I'm with someone else. I'll let you know if I ever feel differently about it, but no matter what, you're still my wife."

"As you wish," she said. He caught the film reference instantly. For all the sex magic, for all the dominance and submission, they were still two geeks who fell in love in college. "Go dirtier."

"I want you to whore it up with the things you wear," he murmured. "Show off that body. Trophy wife stuff out in the world and either lingerie or nothing at all when we're here. Or whatever's in between. I want you to use that body against me like a weapon. I want an active, seductive lover or whore or whatever you feel like, but don't be passive. Understand?"

He kissed her, softly at first, but their kiss grew hungrier.

"As you wish," she repeated, trying to smother her giddiness at his instructions to maintain her sultry pose and mood.

"You know you've got me completely hard again, right?"

"Good," she said, reaching for his crotch and pulling his pajama pants down to release his stiff tool. She shifted to her knees between his legs before he knew it and promptly took him into her mouth for a few slow, indulgent strokes.

"Oh my god," Evan breathed. "Now?"

"Mmmmh," she answered before releasing him from her mouth, but her hand remained. "I'm not sure how a blowjob feels, but I'm pretty sure this is a taste of how you made me feel by giving me orders." She sucked on him again a little more, clearly enjoying it as much as he did. "And it's another way to say I love you."

He leaned his head back on the bed to savor her kiss. "I haven't gone down on you yet. We used to do that every time we had sex."

"We'll get there. I have it on good authority that I taste incredible," she said, her lips still brushing the head of his cock as she stared up at him innocently. "But we have someplace to be now, right?"

"You're just teasing me so I go down there extra horny."

Nicole grinned. "As you wish," she said again, and gave his cock one more deep-throated kiss. "Ready to start building your harem?"

"Fuck yes."

* * *

Nicole held his hand as she led him down the hallway. She still wore only her silk robe. He still wore only his nice black pajama pants, the bulge of his erection still pointing straight up but thankfully it wasn't the least bit awkward to walk. He glanced down at it once and noticed, again, his newly-visible sixpack abs and other nicely defined muscles. The power he'd absorbed did a lot for his body. The short walk did a lot for his peace of mind.

They didn't take a full tour of the house, but Evan was reminded of how big a place it was. He saw multiple comfortable bedrooms, all kept clean and neat. Through the windows, he saw trees, blue skies and fluffy white clouds. The door to the study was closed, but he paused to open it and look inside. Someone had swept up the debris, but he could still see traces of ash on the floor. It gave him a sense of closure. Nicole's smile and sparkling eyes promised much brighter days ahead.

The hallway opened up on one side to overlook a lush, spacious living room in mostly white. Evan paused at the corner to look down before anyone saw him or Nicole. His breath caught at the beauty and variety of the eight women in view: black, white, Asian and Latina, ranging from statuesque to innocently sexy and from just old enough for college to cougars. All were fully and stylishly dressed. No slumming it here. Evan also saw about five men; a couple wore suits, the rest wore slick business casual clothes. He distantly remembered his options again, but that seemed an afterthought compared to the diverse feminine beauty in view.

As he looked upon the women, new feelings stirred in his center, and at his groin. He felt no sensations exactly. He'd felt hard and ready when he and Nicole stepped out of the bedroom, but now he felt even more so. His cock felt harder, his balls heavier, yet all of it comfortable and compelling and potent. He felt powerful.

Down below, some nursed drinks. Some chatted softly. Others looked a little nervous. He saw Madelyne sitting in an upholstered chair, her back turned toward the staircase, contracts at hand on the end table beside her. She'd be at Evan's side the whole time. He already had her full loyalty. Her fate was settled and embraced. The rest...eight women, and they only represented a start.

Nicole squeezed his hand. He tore his eyes from the women below to find an unspoken question in his stunning wife's eyes. A thought flashed through his mind about how her contract could tempt and compel her, and he understood the feeling of power in his genitals. The contracts rewarded him, too, but in a different way suited to his role.

"They're already mine," he murmured, lighting up her eyes with interest. "I can feel it. A couple aren't sure, but the rest..." His doubts fell away. Nervous energy, he realized, was only controlled excitement. "They want this."

"You're ready?" she grinned.

"Fuck yes."

They descended the staircase. Quiet conversations ended. People set their drinks down. Many of them stood, though Madelyne stayed in her seat at a touch on her shoulder from Evan before he spoke.

"Thank you for waiting here," he began. "I know you're all anxious about what's happened. I know Madelyne and Nicole have gone back and forth with you, but even so, you should hear it directly from me: I'm Evan. I'm Nicole's husband. Ted ruined my life, so I tracked him down and I destroyed him. If any of you had a hand in what Ted did to Nicole and I, it's over. I'm not here for revenge on you. I know you were compelled, and couldn't act against him, anyway. He probably didn't give you the whole picture. I killed him to be free of him.

"I have practically nothing left after everything he did, so I'm taking everything he had. But I'm not Ted. I'm not going to try to be like Ted."

His audience watched quietly. He saw some concerned expressions, but others were harder to read. Still, that exhilarating feeling of decadent power at his groin continued. They're already mine, he thought with amazement. I can feel their consent. Their submission. Holy fuck.

"I need to get something out of the way right off the bat," Evan went on. His eyes swept the room. "I want complete honesty. If any of you have murdered anyone, raped anyone, or hurt any kids, tell me now. If you're active in any kind of slave trade, and I don't mean kinky seduction stuff, I want to know. Raise your hands."

He saw surprised looks before he saw hands. Only a few went up: three among the men, one among the women.

He looked to the latter first: an Asian woman, beautiful and poised and thin with her cleavage delightfully framed by a black bodice under a tight sportcoat and her shapely hips encased in a tight leather skirt leading to fishnet stockings. "What happened?" he asked her.

"My husband, before I signed the contract. He had an accident that wasn't accidental," she said, betraying a faint but sexy as hell accent. She seemed embarrassed to admit it in front of everyone, but she spoke steadily. "He was a gangster. He beat me. I couldn't escape."

He held up his hand to stop her gently. "No more, if you don't want. It's okay. No shame." He turned his eyes to the men. The secret, compelling feelings seemed to move away from his genitals when he looked at them, which made sense in a way, but he still felt that sense of power in his core. He looked at the first of the men, tall and black and about Evan's age but with a more muscular build, wearing black slacks and a stylish purple shirt. "What happened?" he asked.

"I was in a gang. Here in LA. My friend got shot. I did a drive by to pay 'em back."

Evan took in a deep breath. "Anyone else hurt?"

"No, man. I was careful. I don't hurt civilians. Never raped or sold nobody, either. That shit's fucked up."

"What's your name?"

"Jeremiah."

"That's all I need to know," Evan said with a shake of his head. "You?" he asked another man, this one also well-built, white but tan with a dark goatee.

"When you say 'rape,'" the other man began.

"Did you fuck anyone who didn't explicitly want it?" Evan snapped, no longer sounding so even-tempered.

"I guess, yeah," he said, less as a confession and more as a straight answer. "Before Ted. Our mojo don't work on people too stupid to want it, though. Didn't fuck anyone who didn't want it after the change. I couldn't. I did it before, though. A little. Can't now."

Evan's jaw set, but he held back his revulsion long enough to get information. "You can't?"

"Nah, man. Goes limp. Or dry for the women, I guess, whatever. They gotta actually want it." He shrugged. "Anyway, after I signed, I did whatever Ted wanted from me. Madelyne told you how it was."

"Yeah," Evan frowned. "Yeah, she did." He gave her only a brief glance, but she caught it instantly. He saw her fingers subtly pull one sheet of parchment partway out of the stack. She had no idea he'd start like this, but she read his intent.

"He had enemies," the other man went on. "People who got in his way. Pissed him off. Ted asked me to get rid of one now and again. I was only doing what I was told."

Evan's eyes turned to the last one, a handsome man in a full suit with slicked back brown hair. "You?"

"It was war," said the man with the faintest Southern accent. "The war of Northern Aggression. Then I moved west and had troubles with the savages. I know it's not politically correct these days, but slavery was accepted in those days. One had to do things to keep others in line."

"Non-combatants?"

"As I said, a different time. Taking women wasn't the scandal it is today. Not those women, anyway."

Evan looked to Madelyne again. "These two," he said. "Their contracts, please? You're sure it's these? Thank you," he added as Madelyne coolly handed them over. Without another word, Evan then looked squarely at the two men and tore their contracts right down the middle.

"Guuhh!" the Southerner cried out, staggering and clutching his chest, while the other reached forward and yelled out, "No!" Evan also heard several of the women gasp in surprise, but he kept his eyes on the pair.

Jeremiah grabbed the latter by the shoulder before he could move another step. "Nu-uh," he said.

Evan watched the changes sink in. In seconds, the Southerner went from a robust, healthy glow to looking like he was in the grips of a terrible flu. The other one quickly lost much of his energy, too. It was like seeing a before and after picture of a Hollywood make-up job being wiped away.

"Party's over for you. This is less than you deserve. Get the fuck out of my house and never come back," said Evan.

One whimpered. The other choked. "May I?" Jeremiah asked with a grin, holding one firmly and reaching out for the Southerner's suddenly frail arm.

"I'd appreciate it, thank you," said Evan. "Oh. They don't need their cars."

"I got you." With that, Jeremiah turned and hauled the two ailing men out the door. Another of the incubi followed him. Only one, a stunned, good-looking college kid, remained behind. Turning from him to the women again, Evan saw more shock, but also some hints of approval.

"I'm glad it was just them," said Evan, his expression and tone easing up but still holding confident. "We'll give the guys a minute before I go on." Again, no one spoke. He glanced down to Madelyne and quietly said, "Thank you."

He saw her one-sided grin again. "If you hadn't won my complete loyalty before," she murmured, "you just did."

He grinned back, then looked up to find Nicole's dazzled eyes close by. "I can't believe you just did that," she said. "I can't...wow."

"You don't look upset."

Wide-eyed, she shook her head. "I should be. I think the others might be. But I'm not, no. Just shocked." Her lips twitched with a grin. "And even hornier."

Her husband grinned back a bit as the other men returned. Jeremiah held up an automatic pistol, its slide back and its magazine removed. "Didn't think they needed this, either," he explained, offering the pieces to Evan.

"Thank you," he said, taking both. He pulled the frame apart and tossed one piece back up the stairs before setting the rest down on the end table with the contracts. Then he looked back to the rest of his audience.

"That's not who I want to be," said Evan. "I'm sorry that was melodramatic and shocking. I didn't do it to frighten you. I wanted you to know where we all stand. There are certain things I can't forgive. We can move on from the rest. From here on out, I won't hurt you. That much you can count on.
