 Tags up front: fantasy sex, harem, consent, power fantasy, group sex, dominance, cop, magic, female submissive, wife, talking while fucking.

*

They made love long into the night. They talked. They reconciled with tears and laughter. They fucked. For all the distance they still had to cover, for all the things they still had to talk about, they felt their intimacy grow, as did the pleasure they took from one another's bodies.

"I should let you sleep," he realized, though he still wanted more. Nicole had been beautiful when they married. Evan always felt like she was out of his league, though she always countered that she felt the same way about him. Now she was enthralling beyond all that. He wanted more of her body, and her beauty, and her love. The power they each possessed erased all the little things that limited the appetite for sex. He didn't soften. She didn't grow sore.

"We don't have to be anywhere in the morning," she pointed out, but he could hear the weariness in her voice. "We can stay up as late as we want." The yawn that escaped with those last two words ran counter to her sentiment. Nicole covered her face with one embarrassed hand and laughed. 

"It's okay," Evan chuckled. Her laughter meant the world to him, and told him almost as surely as their night of sex that things were alright between them. He kissed her cheek. His hand roamed her belly up to her breast. "I'm a little tired, too. Surprised it's not worse, but still."

"I mean it, though," she said. "If you want more, I'm all yours. It feels so good to submit. That's how this works now." He smiled, but reached for the bed sheet and pulled it up over them both. Nicole shifted over to happily settle into his arms. Even now, after hours together, he couldn't believe she felt so damn good to have close to him. "Or you could keep being sweet. I love that, too," she said. "Kind of a win/win for me."

"Leaning a little toward Option Two here. Maybe I could use a nap."

"You're gonna wake up before I do," she predicted. "Like usual."

"Hey, you've beaten me a few times."

"Usually only when you were sick or the one or two times you've ever been hung over. And you were out for a long-ass time earlier. You might be right about it only being a nap."

"I'll let you sleep," he said, and kissed her on the cheek again. "Besides, I kinda think it would be nice to wake up with you in my arms."

"Aw. Lover. I missed you. But listen, don't feel like you have to wait around for me to wake up. You have a whole house to explore. Whole harem to claim, too." She turned her head to kiss his neck. Then her head lay against the pillow once more, but she didn't entirely relax. "I feel like there's still so much to tell you. Twenty things that should all be first priority, y'know? I'm pretty sure Madelyne has the same problem. Probably everyone has things to tell you. But none of them are your wife. Some of it is just basic honesty, too. Clearing the air with you and me."

"We've got time."

"It's just...so many things seemed like they should be laid out all up front, y'know? I don't want you to wind up thinking I've kept anything from you. I still can't believe you've forgiven me," Nicole sniffed.

"Hey. You were set up, and we didn't fall apart overnight. That bullshit Ted pulled on us went on for over a year. People all around you saying I was no good, and evidence fabricated to back it up? Nicole, it's not your fault. If I have anyone to be mad at, it's them. Hell, I can't believe you're taking me back, either.

"Besides, we both keep sharing those brushes of each other's emotions. I think I know how you feel. I'm not giving you up now." He noted the change in her expression, seeming relieved but still troubled. "You want to get the worst of it off your chest? Only to prove I'm not going anywhere on you or kicking you out of this bed? You're mine now, Nicole," he reminded her, and grinned when her eyes sparkled. "You like hearing that, don't you?"

"Yes. God, yes. It's the contract, I think. I love hearing you talk like that anyway, but the contract...I think I could come just from you talking like that." Her grin turned naughty. "So I guess you can't feel everything I feel, or you'd be a little blown away, too."

"Oh it feels good to talk like that. Just not in my nature, but maybe I'll have to get used to it. Anyway, do you believe me? Then go ahead and tell me the worst of it. Whatever you did, like Madelyne said, you're all mine now. No reason for me to freak out about it...although I can't believe I'm talking like this, either."

"Fuck being humble," Nicole reminded him. "That's for when you're with normal people, not the ones you hold by contract. You don't need to worry about that here with me."

"So tell me."

"You know I whored for him, right? Like really whored. I fucked people because he told me to, and I got off on it. I loved it. Being a succubus means being a whore, only there's no shame. It feels empowering. Freeing. It feels incredibly good."

"Oh, I caught that before," he assured her with a smirk. "Kind of hard to miss. Do you regret it?"

"Only if it hurt you. Part of it back then was that I was trying to forget you or bury you in my memory 'cause I was still hurting, too. God, the thought that it might have hurt you hurts me. But if you're not mad? No. I don't regret it. Feels too good to say I regret it." Her eyes watched him closely and her hand gently brushed against his cock. "You're not mad or hurt at all, are you?"

"No," he admitted to his own surprise. "It's weird. Hearing you talk about it makes me feel...possessive," he said, sorting through his reactions. "Horny and possessive."

A tentative, naughty grin spread timidly across her face. "Like I'm your whore now?"

"Yes."

Her fingers kept toying with his cock as she watched him. "Do you want me to tell you about it? About what I've done? It might help you understand. Only I'm not sure how much you want to hear about me with Ted and other guys."

He considered it for a moment. Then he shifted the blankets. "I think we can erase any doubts about who belongs to who," he said.

Nicole spread her legs obediently for him, welcoming her lover and master's cock into her wet cunt with a loud groan and writhing to put more of her gorgeous body against his. "Ooooh fuck, fuck fuck fuck," his wife breathed. He felt her body tremble from top to bottom with pleasure. "Evan, it's so good. So much better than him. Than anyone. Mmh."

Within moments and a few indulgent thrusts, their hearts beat together and he could feel her emotions and the possessive magic of the contract that bound them. "I love you and you're mine," he reminded her yet again, causing her to shudder with joy. "I know you've been with others. But it's hard to feel jealous...when we feel all this. When we both feel you belonging to me." He chose his words as much out of loving indulgence as kinky pleasure. They didn't talk like this before, but it felt good, so why not? "Tell me what a whore you've become for me."

"Ffffuuuck, Evan I love you," she vowed yet again.

"Tell me," he repeated patiently.

She took a deep breath. Though he didn't move much, it was only the compulsion to obey the contract that let her focus past the pleasure of their union enough to speak. "The first time...names aren't important unless you care...? No? Okay. The first time, Ted told me he was setting me up with someone. I got excited because he showed me a picture and it was a good-looking guy, but I thought it was kind of a swinger thing or something, y'know? Nothing sinister, just maybe a little scandalous."

Nicole's words came out slowly and dreamily. He could hear the pleasure in her voice. Possessing her chased away any lingering jealousies or pain for both of them. Their enemy became more of an abstract figure in the past now.

"He told me a week in advance. As he let details and offhand comments slip, I realized this wasn't one of his other lovers or servants. It wasn't a fellow contract. This had been arranged to pull the guy into Ted's influence. The guy was straight up paying for sex through a madam that worked with Ted. Important tech executive, connected, lots of money. And so I wasn't cool with it.

"Ted talked me down from being upset. The contract went to work on me, too. At first, Ted said he'd come with me and it would just be dinner and business talk. Then as I was less upset he suggested maybe I should consider why I was upset and what I wanted. I knew the contract was working on me. We talked about it openly. I knew I could reject it. But I started having little fantasies in my head about it all, and one thought led to another. Oh fuck this feels good, I love you so much."

"I love you, too." He shifted enough for only one thrust. "Keep talking."

"I said I'd do only dinner. Ted told me I could cut it off anywhere I wanted, no strings attached, no questions asked. He said even if I straight up threw my drink in the guy's face and burned the bridge altogether, he wouldn't be mad. He only wanted me to give it a try.

"When I said I'd think about it, I felt the reward. When I said I was leaning toward it, I felt it more. I said okay and it got even better. The reward really kicked in when I started getting ready that night...I mean I was getting off while standing in front of the bathroom mirror to get ready. I started feeling like a whore and loving it. I understood that's what I am now.

"We met at a ritzy hotel in LA. I decided to go alone, but I needed someone drive me so I could get myself off in the backseat of the car on the way there just to take the edge off. By the time I met with him for dinner, I couldn't wait for him to pull down my panties. The sex was incredible. And in the end, I realized I had him happily wrapped around my finger. That was the first time I realized how powerful being a succubus has made me. I had him dazzled. I could call all the shots, and I knew it."

Her hands roamed Evan's body, her thighs rose and fell, and her hips gently gyrated, all of it to enhance their pleasure. She barely even thought about it. The incredible emotional security afforded by their bond left her unafraid to tell him anything. Jealousy hardly registered when compared to the pleasure of possession. His sexy wife -- and bound servant -- was talking about sex, about her power, and about a power he now possessed over her. A power she enthusiastically gave him. It aroused him more than he would've expected. "Tell me," he encouraged her. "Details."

A wicked grin played at her lips. "Pretty vanilla, but so good. Traded oral favors, lots of straight fucking. No bondage or rough stuff. He tasted great. Nothing like an incubus or like you now. But I liked the taste of him, and I kept him going longer than he'd ever gone without a stop." Her grin intensified. "And then, when I knew I totally had him, I made him worship my ass. He'd never done anything like that. Neither had I, But he didn't object, and he loved it almost as much as I did.

"He gave me all his contact info. I get emails and texts from him now and again. He has first class airfare to San Francisco to see him all set up and ready to enter with the push of a button. High class hotel if I want, or straight to his place. All that.

"The next time, Ted didn't ask or offer. He told me, like he took for granted that I would obey, and I started getting off on it right away. He knew I wanted it. I didn't even question anything. I'll never...I'll never question what you want from me, either," she admitted, half-moaning the words.

Evan paused to let her savor the moment. "How many guys?" he asked when she calmed again.

"Six men, three women." She shrugged. "They're all completely hung up on me. They don't get pushy or presumptuous. I call the shots. That's how it worked. Like Madelyne said, all of us have our side action. It's up to you how far you want to let that ride."

"Do you want to keep doing that? Keep up with them?"

"Hard to want anything with your cock inside me," she moaned, writhing again.

"But...?" Evan asked with a grin. "Be honest. No slut-shaming."

Nicole laughed. "If we're not slut-shaming and it was with you and not Ted? God, I'd do almost all of it over again. Twice at least."

"Almost all?"

"A couple of them I don't really like. It still felt good and I'm not saying I got forced, because I got off on it, but...it's like dating somebody and realizing you don't really click, but you can still have fun almost in spite of them. Or like when you really like your job even if you're not crazy about your coworkers. And maybe not the judge. Nice enough guy, just kinda average. Into his late fifties. He didn't get me off on his own talent, but the contracts sure took care of me. Best lay of his life, and he doesn't need to know why it was so good for me."

"Okay, first off, we can forget about anyone you don't actually like," said Evan. "Just no. But a judge? Was that just for his connections?"

"Probably. I never heard the whole plan, and honestly I'm not sure there always was one. A lot of it was connections just for their own sake. Anyway, anything you don't like it, we cut it off." She shrugged again. "It's all up to you. But this is what I mean by the contract paying us off and how far we'll all go for you. I was a tough sell as the succubi and incubi go, apparently. I was the most recent that I know of, aside from Harper. The rest won't even blink. And they want you, Evan. They want to please you so bad. Every one of us is your whore, and we're paid in power and pleasure.

"Don't hold back, baby," she said, pulling him in for another kiss. "No limits."

"And you're not afraid I'll go too far for you?" He paused. "Or from you?"

She kept her face close to his. "Lover, you have a harem now. A harem of succubi like me. You're gonna spend way more time fucking other women than you spend with me. It's just math. No reason to feel bad about it when it makes us both feel so good.

"I want you to let yourself want it. Go crazy. Open yourself to that emotional side, too. It's what makes you so much better than Ted. I know you'll always love me. I'm not afraid of you loving others, too. Pick favorites. Get romantic. Fall in love. I hope most of them fall for you. Don't be afraid of me walking in on you fucking someone or saying you're in love with them. If I have competition, that means they're making you happy, and that makes me happy. Your pleasure comes first from now on. I'm not afraid."

Her sultry enthusiasm made him smile. It also made him unbearably horny again. Evan pushed her into her again, kissing her deeply as they sank into a grind. "Friendly competition only."

"Mmph," she whimpered. "I dunno. Bitches...fighting over you...might make it hotter for you...ooh!"

"I'll think about it," he whispered into her ear. "Safe word, though. I never want to hurt you."

"Lover...promise me...at least for tomorrow...don't even think twice about me or what I want...uunnnh!" Nicole groaned with pleasure as his thick cock plundered her.

His thrusts started out slowly. Low on energy and sleepy, all Nicole could do was surrender to it, but her husband didn't mind. As far as he was concerned, she was, in fact, so hot that he was grateful merely to have her there. Besides, it wasn't like she'd be so passive once she got some sleep. In the meantime, Evan slowly and indulgently fucked her to a shared orgasm, with his cock unleashing another torrent of fluid as her reward.

He stroked her hair. He knew she loved that as she went to sleep. "I promise."

With those two words, he sent her into a shuddering, helpless orgasm yet again.

* * *

"So this is for speeding and failing to signal," said Sergeant Holly Jansen, but the heavyset man in the driver's seat of the Bronco cut her off.

"Jesus fucking Christ, you can't be fucking serious!"

"I'm serious, sir," she said in a calm, strong, commanding voice. Aviator sunglasses helped her present a neutral expression. She kept her brown hair tied back in a tight bun, keeping it clear of her very pretty, very feminine face. On the bright side, this asshole didn't make one comment about her gender. He dropped plenty of other ridiculous, ugly comments, though.

"Other people were speeding! Look at all these people speeding on the road right now!" he ranted, gesturing to the busy street. "Half of them are probably fucking illegals!"

"Yes, they are speeding, but you're the one I pulled over, sir."

"I pay my taxes, and this is what it gets? This is fucking bullshit!"

She didn't retort. She found it better to let the raging ones think they couldn't get under her skin. "Sir, we already talked about why I pulled you over."

"I didn't fucking kill anybody!"

"Which is why this is a ticket and not an arrest, sir," she said patiently. "And you've also got a fix-it ticket for that brake light. This is your copy."

"Fucking whatever. I'm not the fucking criminal you should be fucking chasing when you're not stuffing your mouth with donuts." He looked at the ticket. "Holy shit!" he shrieked, his voice climbing three octaves. "Did you see how much money this is?"

"Enough that you won't speed through active school zones again, sir?"

The heavyset man's face twisted up into a rage. "Fuck you, lady! This is why people don't like pigs!"

"Sir, I'm pretty sure that has more to do with systemic racism and abuse of power. We can talk about that if you like, but we're done with the citation and you have your license back. You're free to go now."

The driver's expression changed. So did his body language. For a brief moment, Holly thought that he might actually get out of the car and do something stupid. She almost wished he would. He wouldn't be the first to make the mistake. She wouldn't even have to hurt him to deal with him. Instead, though, he sank back into his chair when she didn't visibly react and then started up his Bronco again. He looked in his rear view mirror. That much, at least, he did right. "It's because cops are corrupt!" he snarled and then pulled away.

Holly let out a sigh. She reminded herself that no matter how she might want to return his anger and unfairness in kind, she'd already made his day much worse than his comments could make hers. She'd resisted the urge to fall for his angry prodding.

As she returned to her patrol car on the side of the road, her cellphone buzzed. She picked it up as she sat in her car and noted the caller ID. It was from the lieutenant.

She picked up the phone. "Holly Jansen," she said.

"Holly, it's Copeland," said the lieutenant. "I've got a call to dispatch you for. Report of stolen property in the hills..."

She knew immediately where she'd be going. A regular dispatch would go over the radio, meaning others would know where she was. This call came outside those channels for reasons she knew even before he started giving details like her destination. Holly's mind turned to the one thing she couldn't resist...and remembered the driver's last angry words.

Maybe she was a little corrupt. The faint but delicious feelings in her core argued that it was worth it.

* * *

His wife was right. He woke up first.

The room was still comfortably dark. The clock said it was past eight. Nicole lay next to him, sheets only half covering her to offer another look at her incredible body. His wife seemed sound asleep, but Evan knew he wouldn't be drifting off again. He hardly felt tired at all. He felt energized and ready to move. He wanted to let his wife sleep, though.

Evan slipped out of bed and wandered into the bathroom to freshen up. As with so much of the house, the bathroom offered opulent luxury: lots of space, a whirlpool bath on a raised platform, even a multi-headed shower stall with plenty of room for a playmate or two. The door felt solid enough that he didn't worry about waking Nicole with the toilet flushing or the shower.
