 Tags up front: fantasy sex, harem, magic, dominance, consent, female submissive, lingerie, lawyer, office sex.

*

"Sorry, babe. I was saying, 'You shouldn't be alone in that shower.' Oh. And now you're out," observed Nicole. She hadn't heard the water shut off before she walked into the lush, expansive bathroom in a matching lace white bra and panty set. Her eyes roamed up and down his naked body shamelessly as he stepped out of the roomy shower, but she didn't look hungry so much as mildly apologetic.

Evan gave her a quizzical, amused look. "I shouldn't shower by myself?"

Towel in hand, Nicole stepped up to start drying him off...though one hand found its way to his soft yet still impressive cock. It didn't stay soft long at all. "Only if you really want to," she said in a soft, sultry voice. "Seems like a waste of an opportunity to be served, is all."

"Nicole, there are only a couple other people in the house. Everyone was busy."

"Yeah, I know. I thought Elizabeth would have hung around today, or maybe one of the others. I didn't realize they all had other things going on, but even so...you come first. Always."

Almost blushing, Evan grinned and kissed his gorgeous wife before taking over with the towel. "Haven't all of you been doing something for me one way or another since I came in here? I mean, maybe not Sophie, but even so. It's fine."

"She's been busy too, actually, but that's not my point. There's no need to rush. Madelyne will wait on you. We'll all wait on you. If you're a little late for your appointment with Lisa, she can live with it, however this turns out."

"Wow. Do you really think it's a problem that I didn't have a shower playmate?"

"Yes." Only then did she grin a little at the seeming absurdity of it. "Sort of. Okay, you're right, I'm being silly. But Evan, I don't...I don't ever want to let you down again. Not even a little bit. Everything happening now is because you never gave up on me, or yourself. You let me go when I asked, but that's not the same as giving up. I keep..." Her voice trailed off. She sniffled.

Mostly dried off now, Evan stepped close again to put his arms around her. She leaned into it. "What's wrong?" he asked softly. "Is this moving too fast?"

"No, it's not moving fast enough," she laughed, though she also sounded close to crying. "I went into your car like we both said I shouldn't, because I wanted to see if you still had some things. It made me think of how everything in that car was all you had left. I found your beat-up clothes, that sleeping bag you must've scrunched into on the backseat I don't know how many times. Your box full of copies of our photos together and other stuff. And I thought about how much you and I both lost, but mostly you, and how shitty everything must've been for you after I left.

"I want to make up for it, and I want stupid asshole Ted to make up for it from beyond the grave or wherever it is. Taking everything that was his seems like an awesome way to do it, but...I want your life to be a paradise now."

Evan glanced meaningfully around the larger-than-life bathroom with its multiple luxuries. "Think I'm well into paradise territory already. Nicole, listen." He brushed one finger across her temple and her cheek, kissing her softly again. "I'm thrilled here. I'm thrilled just to be back together. You know how I feel about that. Literally, given the bond and all. Everything else on top of that is amazing. I mean this shit started out over the top, and there's more and more, y'know? I think it's really good that there's at least a...I dunno, a climb or something rather than everything happening all at once. This lets me find my way around while things happen. Even if it stops here, this is still unbelievable. Hell, part of me wants to dial it back a little.

"I'm already thinking maybe I laid it on a little thick with the 'lingerie or nothing' rule. And your 'five second rule' about me is kinda the same. It seems like everyone is already running crazy high on sexual energy. Maybe we can do without those rules and just let things ride on that energy? I want this. I do. But I want everyone to be comfortable with it, too. Everyone, but especially you."

"That's fine," Nicole nodded. One eyebrow rose tauntingly. "Only part of you wants to dial it back, huh? What's the other part want?"

Evan released a heavy breath. "Total honesty? Obviously this is amazing. I mean the sex is unbelievable. Every time, even just screwing around downstairs with Sophie, it's..."

She noticed his reluctance. "Even the casual stuff is better than the best sex we ever had before this happened, isn't it?" she asked gently. "It's okay to admit it. I told you before, I can feel that I'm special to you, no matter what. I feel that from you. Tell me the rest."

"Yeah. It is. Sex really is that intimate now, and that awesome. It's like falling in love even when I know I'm not. But I'm not only talking about the sex. Just the way you and the others talk to me is...intoxicating. All this stuff about possession and dominance and service. All the devotion. That's why I'm thinking we can drop the rules. Whatever you all say and do on your own is better than anything like that. But I keep thinking sooner or later giving me the ego-blowjobs has to get a bit obnoxious for everyone else."

"Nope. Major turn-on," said his wife, shaking her head solemnly. "Easiest way to get yourself off with the rewards from the contract. Especially if you really feel it. Who cares if it's magic or not? It works for all of us. I'm really glad to know you like it. I was afraid it would get on your nerves. Or that you'd get too self-conscious to get into it."

A little of that self-consciousness came through in his grin. "Madelyne was telling me about the thing with Gary's wife and saying pretty much everyone would go for that without even asking."

Nicole didn't object. She agreed with a solemn nod. "We're a closed group. We're all agreed, contracts or playmates of contractees. We all want to serve you. It turns us on like crazy. Even the men want it that way. Sure it's a fantasy, but we're all living that fantasy with the magic to back it up and make it so good. That doesn't work if you don't accept it, though. Accept it and embrace it and enjoy the fuck out of it, for all our sakes." The sparkle in her eyes spoke to her excitement about it. "You already know how much I like it. Every time I've seen you claim that role with the others has been an incredible turn-on. I told you: don't be afraid to push me. Don't be afraid to push the others, either."

"Yeah...yeah, I'm getting there," he admitted. "Like I said, I think it's saner to wade in than to just dive, is all. Not like I'm reluctant to get in."

Nicole leaned in to kiss his chest. "I'll pass it around that we can drop the rules and act natural. Think you're still gonna get a lot of fawning touches and lingerie, though."

"Hey, if it's something women wanna do, I'm a hundred percent on board," Evan admitted with a huge grin. "Far as I'm concerned, women should treat this place as 'clothing optional,' but I want it all to be their option. If they really want to whore it up for me, I'm down. Just sayin' they should have all the options for that they want. And the option not to do it at all. I don't want all this to be obligatory or structured."

"I'll also pass around how much you like hearing the submissive talk, lover," she grinned. "But you need to remember that we're all a team here. Whatever else everyone wants individually, we all share the same first goal. You need to get on board with that, too...'cause that top goal is you. And this." Her hand slipped around his cock in a light, loving grip once again. "Everything else falls into place on its own after that."

He smiled, a mixture of self-consciousness and excitement of his own. "Not the kind of conversation I ever thought I'd be having with you. Hell of a long way from the sort of ways we used to have fun. Or the sort of sex life."

"I was always happy there. But I'm happier we get to share all this. As for the fun we used to have, I'm not giving up on that, either." She slipped out of his embrace but kept hold of his hand, leading him out into the bedroom again.

He saw sharp new clothes laid out for him: black slacks, a blue silk shirt, boxers, all assuredly in his side. She even got him new sunglasses. He saw a couple of other shopping bags nearby, too. "Nice stuff," said Evan. "Thank you."

"I hurried through this and had people help me. I'm looking forward to doing more of this, too. Your cell phone is all set up, but Sophie's got it right now to load up some extra security and nice apps to get it all optimized."

Evan blinked. "That's what Sophie's doing?"

"Yeah. Sophie's kind of the I.T. girl around here. She's pretty good with computer stuff. And she's a secret geek like us, too." Nicole winked. "We're working out plans."

It left him stunned. They really hadn't talked at all. He adored everything he'd seen and felt of her so far, but it really had only been her cooking, a little light banter, and some great sex. They hadn't talked about her history or what she did for a living. "Oh god now I really want to bang her more."

"I know, right?" Nicole chuckled. "Anyway. While I was out, I was thinking of how Lisa's only one succubus and how there are a lot more of them out there. You aren't the only one thinking of how we used to be. That was on my mind while I was out. So I got you something for good luck."

He had his eyes up in time to catch the small orb that arced up from her hands into his. It was red and white, made entirely of plastic...and the sort of fun they used to share. He looked up and smiled at his wife. "You got me a Poké Ball?" Evan laughed.

She winked at him. "Gotta catch 'em all, right?"

* * *

She wore a short black dress cut a little low in the front, something suitable for business but still damn sexy. The large sunglasses obscuring her eyes only added to her confident allure. Evan fell a step behind her as they walked through the hallway to the garage to check out her figure and the sway in her step. "I'm glad you like what you see," she said when they reached the door. She didn't look back until she stepped through.

He took her hand as he stepped closer with an intimate grin. "I can't look at you without wanting you," he confessed. His endless virility was a huge thrill, and the chance to exercise it with multiple sexy women was even more thrilling...especially because he was so swept away by each of those women individually.

The rise and fall of her chest as she breathed made it obvious that she welcomed his blunt admission. She ran one hand up his chest, her fingers tugging just slightly on his brand new black shirt as if for support. "Good," she said. "Then it's a mutual problem."

"We'd better do this or we're not gonna get out of here," said Evan.

"Yes," she agreed, though it took a little willpower to let go of his shirt. "Right." Her eyes flicked up at him from behind those glasses, full of promise and lust, before she turned to walk around the big black SUV that was the first car in the garage. Hers, apparently, was in the second parking space.

Somehow, Evan wasn't shocked at all to discover Madelyne owned a red Porsche. He hadn't thought about it at all until they were dressed and moving toward the garage, but his first thought was "red sports car with the top down," and he'd been absolutely right. He saw a couple other cars in the big garage, too, but hardly gave them another thought. Of course there were nice cars in here, Evan figured. Everything seemed nice.

"Kinda glad for this," he said as they settled into the car. "Chance to be alone together without going straight into sex. Makes it easier to talk."

Madelyne's wry grin only made her look sexier. The garage door opened. She put the Porsche into reverse. "You communicate without words just fine," she said.

Evan grinned back. "I'm really falling in love with you."

"I know. That's exactly what I mean."

The quick ride out of the driveway gave Evan his first good look at the house in broad daylight. It looked even bigger now than it had when he first drove by on a cloudier day and then in his approach at night. The house offered more modern architecture than a lot of "mega-mansions," or at least the one's he'd seen on a random TV show, but he wondered if it qualified, anyway. It seemed big enough. "Hell of a house," he said.

"You still haven't gotten the tour yet, have you?" asked Madelyne.

"Too busy with the other residents," he smiled. "Or are they tenants? Visitors? Who actually lives here? God, the carbon footprint must be obscene," he joked ruefully.

"You'd be surprised. Ted wanted to stay off the grid as much as he could, and it turns out some of the best ways to do that are pretty environmentally solid. That house is all solar panels and Tesla batteries. The plumbing is super-efficient, too.

"As for residents, lately it's been only Nicole, Sophie and I full time. People come and—came and went at Ted's whim," she corrected. "Lately it had been fewer of us so he could concentrate on the new blood. I expected Harper would move in soon, too, but I suppose it's easier for her to live near UCLA. The house is only about twenty-five years old. It had a makeover during the downturn, too. We weren't worried about going anywhere, so it was a good time to do it."

"Shame if we lose it this soon," he said, glancing at it in the rear view mirror while the driveway gate opened. He couldn't see much of it from here thanks to the hedges and the curve of the private drive, which was clearly by design. "I haven't even gone out to see the pool."

"Or gone downstairs to look at the indoor pool," added Madelyne.

Evan blinked. "Wait, what?"

"Well, it's a pool and spa," she said, feigning indifference. "Not quite as expansive as the pool out back, of course, but it's quite large and the Roman décor makes it pretty luxurious. Plus the atmosphere can feel completely different when you change from one lighting option to the next. With a few little tricks it can feel downright cavernous."

He looked over his shoulder toward a house he could no longer see as Madelyne brought them out onto the road. While she didn't tear out recklessly, he immediately felt the Porsche's performance and her confident driving skill as they came around the first curves. Evan sank back into the leather chair with his eyes wide. "Unbelievable."

"It's built to cater to the magic of common fantasy. Decades in the making, for a creature that was around for centuries. In another time, you'd have become a king. Only in real life, kings and other rulers usually do a lot of work. The ones who aren't figureheads, at least. But it's easy for the outside observer to think the king just sits at the top and everything flows to them for their benefit. That's the fantasy."

"I keep waiting for the work. Or the cost."

"Everyone thinks of power as requiring exertion, but you've noticed yours is passive, right? And it's a pleasure to use, not a cost. I've been on this train almost two hundred years. Almost as long as there have been trains," she grinned. "What you're experiencing is the norm. I'm only happy to see it finally in the hands of someone more deserving."

"Nobody deserves all of this," Evan countered. "Not even half...hell, half is still ridiculous."

"Maybe. Or maybe an awful lot of people deserve it but never have it. You know, I saw a silly thing on the internet a while back. Bunch of little clips...GIFs, I think? Bunch of those from the Captain America film. They showed Hayley Atwell touching his chest in that one scene, and clips from a few other appearances where she did the same thing. All good-natured stuff. Whoever made it had written in, 'That's right, lady. Touch his boob. Touch that boob for all of us who can't.'

"It made me think of all that I've had in my life. Even with the disappointments about what Ted really was, I'm a succubus. I've lived an incredible life full of pleasure and comfort and freedom that most women couldn't achieve of for most of the time I've been alive, and that's not even counting the magical aspects. And I've been alive a long time. Had to play around the limits society put on women for most of my life, but I can't say I've suffered. I even got to live to enjoy the fruits of women's liberation. It's not done yet, but it's a hell of a lot better than where I started." She glanced at him curiously. "Am I rambling?"

"Not at all," said Evan. "I'm fascinated."

That brought a wider grin than he'd seen from her. "I don't feel bad about my good fortune. I tried to steer Ted away from his worst plans, and sometimes I succeeded. Sometimes I blew it. But I was never guilty enough to walk away from my life of comfort, and yes, I've enjoyed that comfort. Too few people get to live the good life. Seemed a shame to waste it.

"And I'm so looking forward to living a better life with you, Evan. Doing some good with all this, like you said. I know I'm talking a lot about embracing all the decadence and naughtiness, but that's because it's not a natural reaction for you. I'm thrilled at the things that come naturally to you. It's why I'm in love with you already." She slid her hand briefly across his thigh. "Not to shortchange the physical stuff."

Evan laughed. "I knew it'd be good to just talk to you. And listen."

"You feel guilty about all this, don't you? Nicole told me you grew up poor and had to fight for everything. Comfort and luxury are really alien to you, huh?"

"That's probably an exaggeration. I dunno if I grew up poor. Just not rich. She's the same way. I mean we met when we were both in the military and looking for independence and college money and all that shit."

"What? Nicole didn't tell me she was in the military!"

Evan laughed. "Yeah, that's where we met. Overseas in a shithole. It's nothing bad ass, and we were only in for a few years. Neither of us had combat jobs, although things got a little crazy for both of us a couple times. We met, hit it off, and then we kinda didn't want to let go when we rotated out. The rest was a matter of who moved away from their hometown to be with whom. Turned out I was a little easier to move."

He frowned at a nagging thought. "Sometime soon I've gotta try to get in touch with my mom again. I don't even know where we stand anymore. But I figured I needed to gamble on taking Ted out first, and now...now I want to clear my name before I try to reconnect with anyone else."

"Makes sense. You get along with her?"

"Yeah, great until everything started going to shit. Falling out of touch was as much my fault as anything else. Too ashamed at first. I mean I can't begin to tell you how effectively I was set up to fall. I had moments where I even doubted my own memories. And after that it wasn't like I was gonna tell her everything that happened to me was some demon conspiracy, y'know?" He shook his head. "Nicole never had much, but we were always stable. I never even dreamed of living this sort of life. Sex fantasies aside."

"Oh, sure. Just the sheer wealth."

"Yeah. Pretty much. It's awesome and kind of uncomfortable at the same time." His eyes wandered as they drove. They were well onto the freeway now, headed through the endless sprawl. "I was only on the streets for about a year, and now look where I am. Lotta people stay on the streets for years. Lotta people die there."

"You can help with that now," said Madelyne. "As long as you also stay filthy rich. Kind of a requirement of the job."

"Tough job," he joked. "How rich am I?"

"That's what we're going to find out, hopefully. I don't actually know. Ted kept things divided and kept his secrets. Plus some things are bound to slip through the cracks in the transition. He probably wasn't a billionaire all on his own, but...well, let's not forget all those contracts and all those potential loyal servants. Nobody's hurting once they're a succubus or an incubus. Almost all of them are pretty damn well off themselves. Some of them very well off. You see where I'm going?" She glanced at Evan again for a nod of acknowledgement, and then shrugged. "The Malibu house isn't the only house. It's only the biggest. You don't own a private jet or a massive yacht, but you could get hold of one for a while if you wanted. That's the kind of wealthy you are."
