 Tags up front: fantasy sex, harem, magic, dominance, consent, female submissive, office sex, anal, female-female sex, orgy, endless magical fucking. There's also a heavy swinging portion here, but I don't feel it's a "cuck" scenario; the power dynamics aren't meant to be humiliating at all and nobody is the least bit inadequate. This story involves magical dominance and submission, but not the toxic stuff I see in way too many "cuck" stories. Plus I really despise how that word has turned into a lazy garbage insult.

Also I realize I'm probably stretching out the hours in this story a lot. Sue me. I'm having fun.

It's been quite a while since I posted the last chapter, I know. I realize I may lose some readers. Sorry about that, but Literotica is something I have to limit to a "solely for fun" basis. Hopefully I'll post more often in the future!

Lisa felt fucking amazing on his cock. It wasn't just the slick, tight embrace of her pussy, or the way she grinded in his lap as he sat in her desk chair, although those sensations surely made up the greatest share of his pleasure. Her breasts up against his chest, the glorious ass in his hands, and the seductive, confident beauty of that face that occasionally kissed him added to his enjoyment. Madelyne had taken her place on the desk, lounging nude and watching with obvious interest and approval. That felt incredibly sexy, too.

What drove all of that pleasure deeper was the emotional contact he got from fucking one of his succubi, and she most certainly was his now. That notion, above all else, sank in deeper and deeper while she rose and sank on his endlessly hard cock. Evan could probe her feelings as she fucked him. He did so freely, and found nothing but complete surrender...and ecstasy because of it. All of his women welcomed his power, but Lisa leaned into it harder than the rest.

"You want this," Evan murmured as he bathed in beauty and pleasure. She had her own power, her own wealth, and yet, "You want this more than anything."

"Yes," she moaned.

"Why?"

Her pussy practically throbbed around his cock as her admission came without resistance: "The contract gives me everything else," she said slowly. Her words worked their way through the sensual state overwhelming her body and her emotions. "My beauty. My health. My youth. I can have all the lovers I want, if you allow it...but I can only have... one... master."

She tightened around his cock. Her body trembled through another orgasm. It was a small one, but delicious nonetheless. And it, too, was brought as much by admitting her submission as it was from the rock hard rod inside her.

Lisa leaned her head against his shoulder as she rode out the last of it. Her breath against his skin felt good. "You don't already know?" she murmured. "I'd have thought Madelyne would have told you by now. Submission brings reward."

"We've told him many times," said Madelyne. She reached out to pull Lisa's hair out of their way. "It hasn't sunk in easily. He's too used to being respectful and egalitarian...which speaks well of him, I suppose," she said with an adoring look at Evan, "but it's getting in the way of everyone's fun."

"I'm here, aren't I?" Evan grinned back.

"Yes, but you still doubt. You don't cut loose like you could."

It didn't quite kill the mood, but he shrugged. "I gotta admit, I'm still wondering when the ugly truth behind all this gets revealed. The moment where this all turns out to be a too-good-to-be-true illusion an I've been taking advantage of everyone who is under a magic spell. That you're all really screaming on the inside for release and I'm the monster who couldn't see the truth through his own selfishness."

Madelyne glanced to Lisa again. "You see? He's worried there's some sinister angle to this hiding somewhere."

"I only wish," Lisa scoffed. She leaned back again, giving herself and Evan some space without ever losing the shaft inside her. "I'd be even more powerful if I could play rougher with people."

"What do you mean?" asked Evan.

"We have to want this. All of us. Every fucktoy one your servants claims wants it, too." Her voice still trembled with pleasure, but she could hold it together if it meant serving. "Even when there's resistance, that's not the same as not wanting it. That only makes the slide to surrender better. Either we want it or we don't. If we don't, none of the magic works. If we do...you don't even have to ask."

"Do you know that for sure?" asked Evan. "Or do you just think it?"

"Madelyne, the cabinet there," she said, gesturing to the wall behind Evan's chair. Her breath was heavy and shaky with the effects of her master inside her. "It has a false back and a lock. The key is on my keyring there."

Madelyne slipped off the desk with a curious look. She followed Lisa's instructions while Lisa kept up her indulgent grind on their master. Evan glanced down to follow her as she knelt and bent over, but at this angle all he saw was her naked ass. He couldn't see what she was doing. Then his eyes fluttered closed as Lisa kept slowly fucking him.

"This is one of Ted's books," Madelyne breathed as she came back.

"Mnh?" Evan half-asked and half-moaned.

The book in her hands was old, its hard cover wide like an encyclopedia but the pages thicker and everything written by hand. Madelyne looked down and read in awe. "This has private journals, rituals... all sorts of stuff."

"He didn't want it in the house," said Lisa, pausing to speak. "Too sensitive. Too much of him looking into himself, trying to understand his power." She looked back to Madelyne. "Look toward the middle. The page with the red border down the side." Then she turned back to her service.

"But he trusted you with it?" asked Evan.

"Mh. Yes. He knew my loyalty. So do you. It's not hard to accept the change in masters when I know the rewards," she said, kissing his neck. "Then again, I understand this better than most of the others."

"'No woman or man falls under my power without it being their own desire,'" Madelyne translated out loud. "'I have never planted the seed of submission. It is only something I find in mortal man or woman. I may cultivate it, I may coax it to bloom, or I may dig it out roughly and without care, but never without cooperation. I am vexed. My power is limited to those who want it, through me or my servants. I know their willingness instantly when I see it, whether they know it in themselves or not. It seems to be part of my power. Love at first sight, or so fools might say.

"'I exist to fill a mortal longing, no matter how freely I might dictate the path and the expression. In that I am as much a servant as they. An observer might think me limitless. My selfish desires fill my servants with delight. They thrill to my every demand. But it is only they, and I seem only able to control through pleasure. I chafe at my limits.'"

Madelyne's eyes came up to meet his. "These are his words," she said. "And it's your power now." The implications flashed through her eyes. "You've been much more careful than you ever needed to be."

"I've been around a long time, Evan," whispered Lisa. "I've watched. I've studied. I've experimented with subversion and rebellion and seen others try it, too. The results are always the same. The greatest power and pleasure comes from submission and service to your decadence.

"The way to win this game is in being your slave and worshipping you like a god. My wealth, my time, my body is all yours. You have my devotion because I'm a self-serving bitch."

She rose and fell on his cock again, grinning at him wickedly. "This turns you on, doesn't it?" she asked. "What do you like, master? What do you want? From all of us?"

"I want to know you want it," he said.

"But what pleases you most?" she slid tauntingly, like a smooth machine built for this. Decades of experience and magical power came to the fore. "What's the best part of sex?"

"Nnh... pleasing my... partner."

"Really?" she nearly mocked.

"Yes," he huffed. He knew he was pleasing her. He could feel where she was leading with this. She couldn't hide her emotions. This was wicked, but in his best interests, too. Somehow.

"Submission brings our greatest reward," she breathed. It wasn't as if this didn't drive her wild, too, but she held on. She held it together for his benefit. Out of service. And she loved it. "You know this now. You please us by dominating us."

He'd heard that already many times from Madelyne. And from Nicole. "And... uhn... taboos?"

Lisa's wicked smile only broadened. "Yes," she hissed. "The naughty. The extreme. Ordinary mortals know it. Bondage. S&M."

"I don't like pain," he said. It was honest enough. "Doesn't work for me."

"What does, Evan?" she whispered, grinding on his cock. "What's your taboo?" Her breasts crushed into his face as she rode up on him. It felt good. A little tawdry, but naughty. Lustful. Indulgent, like everything else about her. "Or is it in these feelings you've resisted all along?"

His eyes widened. She was right. Her breath caught as she shuddered, feeling some glimmer of his realization through their bond, or perhaps in his grip.

He wanted to please his lovers. That much was true. But she was right about his taboo. The very lust and power he mistrusted was the key to everything. It felt wrong to be possessive, demanding, lecherous... selfish. And that would make it all so right for everyone.

Evan glanced once at Madelyne. "If you want to read," he breathed, "we might be here a little longer."

He felt his power more clearly and with more understanding than ever as Lisa fucked him. Her words and the journal entry rang in his head. The words were about him now, rather than the author. Where Ted found frustration, Evan heard assurance and even freedom. He could do what he wanted with his servants, and with theirs. He didn't have to establish anything first. That work was already done. He didn't have to ask.

Lisa moaned against his kiss. Her glorious ass rocked in his hands. Her tits pressed against his chest. "How can I serve you?" she managed. The pounding of her heart came through in her voice. "Tell me what you want from me."

He didn't answer right away, still caught up in lingering indulgence and scattered thoughts. He thought about all the assurances he'd heard so far. He remembered his time with his other women, and the extravagance he now enjoyed, with his wife and others. He thought about the last things Nicole said to him before he left, and what she might think of all this...but then, that was exactly what she'd told him not to worry about, right? Made him promise, even.

He thought about the wet, slick flesh lavished upon his. Lisa never ran dry. By now, his crotch and hers were coated with their juices. It felt good. It also gave him a new idea.

Evan slipped a couple of fingers to the base of his cock and the lips that now enveloped it. He ran his fingers back and forth, coating them with Lisa's lubrication as she whimpered. Then he pulled his hand back out around again, shifted in the desk chair to lean back and bring his hips and her ass a bit further forward...and slipped those fingers toward her other hole.

Lisa purred. This was easy, even with the first gentle nudges. She opened for him, intimately receiving his probes with a grin. "It's safe. I'm made for you to fuck," she hissed. "Any way you want me."

"None of this leaves the room," he said, both for Lisa and Madelyne. He felt his power stir in his loins but also throughout his body, pushing himself in a workout but without strain. He didn't bother looking to his other servant. He knew she would obey. Instead, he kept his eyes on his current partner. "Bend over the desk," he told Lisa.

She shuddered with a grin as she slipped off of him. More of their wetness smeared across his legs and hers, but he didn't mind. If anything, it was a good sign. Lisa stood, her legs shaking, displaying her nude and voluptuous beauty for a brief second before turning and bending over in obedience. She stuck her ass out to him without needing instruction.

Evan stood. Lisa spread her legs and reached back to spread her beautiful bubble-shaped ass in anticipation. She didn't have to wait. Evan stepped in and pressed the head of his sex-slick cock into her tight ring. It pushed in slower than it would've gone into her pussy, of course, but he immediately felt encouraging progress.

He and Nicole had tried this out a couple of times years ago and found it good, but not so good they got crazy for it. Neither of them liked anal sex as much as the alternatives. As he suspected, it was so much easier with a succubus than it had been as an act with a normal woman. Lisa was tighter in her ass than her cunt, less accepting, but ultimately still yielding. Resistance served only to heighten their pleasure.

He felt his power surge again. No muscle strained, and in fact he didn't even flex any. This was some exercise of intangible power, sending only good sensations through his body without the cost of a real workout. It only made him want to prolong it all.

He caught their reflection in the mirror hanging along Lisa's office door. Her mouth opened and her eyes widened in a shocked state of ecstasy as he pressed deeper into her. Evan took hold of her upper arms while she kept her hands back to spread her cheeks and pulled her chest up off the desk. He wanted to see her tits. He also wanted a different thrust for a minute.

Lisa's voice quivered with a moan as he pulled out, but grew louder as he shoved his cock back into her ass again. He saw no control in her eyes now. No power. Only helpless rapture. Magical or not, the lubrication from her pussy kept him slick. His hips bucked back and then forward again. Another invasion of his flesh drew from his host another moan.

He fucked her more. Lisa's hips thrust back at him, wanting more and more.

Before orgasm approached, he pulled her back a little further. The angle meant he couldn't fuck her as deeply, but he needed the pause. He brought her halfway upright and leaned in to whisper into her ear. "I like lingerie and slut clothes," he told her softly as that intangible power surged in him again. "I like cooperation with my other servants. I like your body and the way you fuck. I like initiative and active service, not just waiting around for my orders." He slowly pushed up into her again. It almost took Lisa up to her toes. In her reflection, he saw her mouth quiver again and her eyes pop wide. "And I like your loyalty and devotion," he whispered as she stared at her own reflection, overwhelmed with submissive ecstasy. "I like to hear that all the time."

"Uuunnnh! I'm yours!" Lisa pleaded. "I'm your whore! Fffuck me!"

Evan grinned. He let her arms go, allowing her to hold herself up on the desk, but he kept fucking. He was more than skilled. His hips bucked and hit all the right angles without even thinking about it. She moaned and pleaded without shame while Madelyne gave up on her reading to watch with obvious lust in her eyes.

This was his power.

Evan came hard, pumping into her ass with intense, satisfying spasms. From the way Lisa called out his name, he knew it set her off, too. That seemed to be part of the bond. If he came, his partner came. He liked that a lot. He stayed buried within her until he pumped out his last, then slipped free and sank into the chair.

Sitting down wasn't a deliberate power play. He thought only about giving her a little space to compose herself. When she turned and knelt between his legs, though, he received another display of submission and devotion to his pleasure. In his lust, he'd completely thrown aside the question of how he'd clean himself up after this. Lisa answered that question shamelessly with her mouth. It made for a thrilling sight, and even better sensations.

"I don't care how you play on your own, but no wrecking people without my permission," Evan breathed. "And you're only submissive with me. No one else gets this side of you."

"Yes, master," said Lisa with a gleam in her eye. "I like that very much."

"Good," he said, watching her work. She sucked and licked without shame, like all his other women. He felt much more comfortable thinking like that now.

His eyes drifted over to Madelyne, still naked on the couch with the book. She didn't read, though. She only watched him.

* * *

They lingered only long enough to clean up and get dressed. Lisa's personal washroom didn't include a shower, but it meant nobody would leave feeling sticky. Their hostess remained in only her lingerie while Evan and Madelyne walked out, lingering at the door like a willing offering to her master. She was every bit exactly that, and they both knew it.

Evan indulged in a final touch, slipping his arm around her bare waist and pulling her chest up against his for one last kiss. "You'll be there in the morning?" he asked. He could've phrased it as a command, but then, he didn't really need to. The gentler approach came to him more naturally.

"Bright and early," Lisa assured him, stroking his chest. "If you let me borrow some of the others, we'll have it handled with plenty of time to spare. As I said, you won't even have to show your face if you don't want to. For you, this will be entirely the opposite of work."

"Then don't knock yourself out getting there early," he said. His hand slipped down to her ass, resting there just because he liked the feel of it. "It's the weekend. Sleep in a little if you want. I'll trust you with this." Evan paused long enough to watch her lips twitch with a grin before he kissed her again. Then he and Madelyne left.

The office had been busy when they arrived. Now it was empty. Lisa knew from experience no one on this floor would stay late on a Friday. She also knew where the custodians would be, and the security guards, and the cameras. Madelyne and Evan walked through empty hallways to an express elevator they hadn't known about when they arrived. Apparently, Lisa knew a lot about arranging discreet exits from her office building.

Evan's hand found Madelyne's before the office door closed behind them. In her other hand, Madelyne carried the large book close to her side. "Thank you," said Evan. His lips were set in a satisfied smile he could feel all the way down to his core.

"For what?" Madelyne asked. His expression drew out her own curious grin.

"For everything, always. But right now for your patience in there."

"Oh, are you kidding?" Madelyne asked. "I loved every minute of that. The contract rewards me, remember? I felt like I had a vibrator between my legs the entire time. If you want to turn around and fuck her brains out in there until morning, I'm all for it. I'll watch or even help. Whatever you prefer."

"Do you want that?" Evan asked as he hit the elevator button. "What do you want?"

"I want several things right now, but most of all I want to serve you," she said. "I'll admit, Lisa has me a little inspired. Even without her, though, I'll always want that."

He nodded. He half-expected that answer as soon as the question came from his mouth. Evan stepped closer, slipping his hands over the backs of her arms. He felt her shiver, but she looked up at him with all the confidence of the two-hundred-year-old seductress and sorceress she was. He loved that about her. "Let's say I take that for granted."

Madelyne's grin sharpened. "That's one other thing I want," she quipped. "I want you to trust my devotion like you trust your own two hands."

"Done. I like hearing it, though. But lay that aside. You have your own wants. What are they?"

"This." She looked him up and down. "You feel better about this now. About your power. About the sex. Everything. I want you to keep feeling that way." She shrugged. "Obviously I also want to fuck you just because I love fucking you, but you can take that for granted, too. Aside from that? I want more time to read this book and figure out what's in it. But mostly I want you to keep feeling this way. You've gone up and down and back and forth about your power and your servants. Right now you're on a high for whatever reason. I want to help you level off there so you can enjoy all this and really own it."
