 Warning, includes strong sexual themes. Intended for Adults only.

All Characters are 18 years or older.

*****

Andrin checked his pocket again for the hundredth time during their long trip back from the Solstace festival. He knew that the small, avocado-sized seed, carved with strange markings was quite safe in his deep coat pocket, but he felt the need to touch it just to be sure. These old roads caused the wagon to bump and jolt suddenly and he didn't want to take any chances.

"You alright there, son?" asked his Da, as he lightly slapped the reins to keep their old mare, Tula from slowing down.

"Yeah, sure.. wha.. why do you ask?" he said nervously, instantly mad at himself for acting defensive. Breathe, he told himself, act natural!

His father just grunted in a non-committal way.

The truth was that he was not a dishonest fellow. His parents were wonderful, salt-of-the-earth kind of people and he had never felt the need to be untruthful around them before.

But things had changed over the past year. He had changed. His 18th naming day had come and gone and he was no closer to finding a suitable mate than ever before. His sexual urges had become a stumbling block for him, over the past year, he had turned into a veritable ball of hormones - no.. worse.. he couldn't go a moment without thinking about sex. He found himself aroused by all manner of different things and knew that he needed to find a woman for him to channel his desires. He was quickly growing out of control. 

About a year ago, he had found an old lore book among his parents things when he was cleaning up the attic. His reading skills were quite poor, but it wasn't the words he was interested in; for among the pages had been all manner of drawings and sketches. It was a book on the rare magic creatures that inhabited their world. Gnomes, elves and sprites decorated the pages with their funny faces or gnarled hands. But, it was towards the back of the book that he had come across the drawings of the nymphs. Their divine forms and voluptuous bodies had instantly inflamed his lust. These few images had become his complete obsession. He sought their likeness wherever he looked. He realized a deep-rooted obsession and desire for extremely large breasts. He didn't know where his fixation came from, but come to think of it, it seemed that all of the women he knew (which wasn't many) were quite well endowed. Even his own mother had a huge bosom.

Since magical creatures were few, and banned from Noblash, he had never really seen one. Socially, he found himself isolated within the paltry population of his childhood village.

Therein lies the problem. They were farmers on the far eastern outskirts of Noblash; their village was tiny and unfortunately for Andrin, there were not any eligible young ladies even close to his age except a very odd girl, Penelope, who was sequestered by her parents for some reason; it was rumored that she was deformed in some unspeakable way and he had only ever seen her small figure from a distance when they were much younger. Penelope's parents were rumored to be the richest family in the southern part of the kingdom and that they had old ties to royalty. Supposedly they owned quite a bit of land. And her father was some sort of retired military man. Although, that made no sense.. Andrin hadn't heard of any need for military for since the humans had won the Black War against the Horde, not that anyone really spoke about that. There had been a long period of peace. Perhaps he was some sort of ceremonial guard or something. 

The next closest available female was either twice his age or half his age; obviously, neither would do. Not that he hadn't considered lying with the widow, Ms. Thames, she certainly seemed willing enough, and her huge bosom was strangely appealing but her age was too great a hurdle. However, if he didn't do something soon he'd probably sleep with anyone. He was already masturbating 4 times a day.

So it was his lust that had drawn him to the tent of the alchemist at the festival. Normally, per his father's strict instructions, he would stay alone with the cart on the outskirts and wait for his father to return. But this year, he snuck off as soon as his father was a good distance away. He was worried that someone would see him, so he had a carefully constructed story involving a foot rash if he was caught. He had never been inside the festival before.. but fortunately, it was easy for him to find the tent from the alley behind without really being seen.

The visit with the alchemist had been short and concise. He quickly explained his problem with his desires for a female companion and his struggles with his lust and asked for a remedy to suppress it. The old, wrinkled potion maker stared at him for a few moments, but then cackled and got a sneering look in his eyes. He quickly explained that a young man could not contain his passion, he could only redirect it. If 'lack' of a woman seemed to be his problem, then perhaps he would be interested in 'growing' his own "temporary" desire... for a price.

Despite Andrin's shock and disgust at the suggestion, as the old man explained the idea, he realized that he could not betray his own desires any longer and minutes later found himself leaving the tent in the possession of the funny carved seed with all of his savings in the hands of the crooked-smiling alchemist. As he turned to leave, the dirty old man spoke up.

"Lad, might I offer a wee bit of warning," he squinted, "ye must plant the seed on the full moon.. and visit it as much as ye may like for a month... hehe.. enjoy yeself.. AND make Sure that ye visit tha' seed on the next full moon no matter what ye think.. heed me words, lad, heed me words. Ye must grow the wee nymph to maturity."

Andrin just shrugged, not really understanding the big deal. Walking out he saw a small group of girls his same age over by another tent. They were all pretty and some were a few years older than him, but every single one of them was large chested.. Well not just large chested.. But absolutely HUGE chested. He felt himself getting hard. He blinked and rubbed his eyes as he circled around the tent.. and then stopped to glance back. His heart beat furiously with his arousal from the sight of them. At first glance, he thanked his luck that all of them were so curvy.. not that he would have the courage to talk to them. The short blonde pretty one, looked like she had stuffed two large melons up inside her dress. He glanced over at the shopkeeper and he wasn't staring or leering at them.. he almost looked bored, like it was completely normal!

Wow! he thought, they must all be related to have such a similar propensity for large breasts. God, I would love to spend the day with them! 

Come to think of it.. these were the first females his age that he had ever seen in life. He stayed for another minute just watching them from his hidden spot.

Dirty thoughts of what he would like to do ran through his mind. Shaking his head, he turned to scurry back down the back path. He couldn't get the thought of them out of his mind. Why hadn't the shopkeeper noticed them? Was he blind? Minutes later he was back to the cart. And was lost in thought when his dad came back. Had he turned around one last time, he would have seen the shopkeepers evil grin as his tent shimmered and seemed to disappear.

----

"Have you gone to visit Penelope like I suggested, lad?" asked his father, jolting Andrin back to the present bumpy ride home.

"Wha.. oh.. no, da. What if she's just a muley hunchback or something, da? I don't want to start somethin' and then have to worm my way back out.. it would be just plain uncomfortable," he blurted.

"Hunchback?" his father whispered. He just glanced strangely at the boy and shook his head and then looked back at the road.

His parents had obviously noticed his strange behavior and not being stupid, they realized that he was in need of a female companion. They had encouraged him to pay a visit to Penelope's farm and at least find out if she was courtable. Anything was better than his preoccupation with mythical creatures or false fantasies. His father had caught him reading the book and had sat him down to explain that magical beings were a waste of time and absolutely nothing like real humans. Everybody knew that faeries or nymphs didn't have emotions or feelings like humans and that they were ephemeral, transient beings.. just unfit imitations of a real flesh and blood woman. Plus, there were reports of strange side effects, not always positive, from being in contact with them.. they were drenched in spell dust. He needed to leave the childishness behind.

But two nights later, in the light of the full moon, he quietly slipped out of his window and made his way quietly down the old east back road that eventually led him to the edge of the Great forest. The road wound and passed several farms on the way, including Penelope's, but all the lights were out, as could be predicted in this sleepy little village.

He knew these woods like the back of his hand and deftly made his way to an old secret hollow where the moon shone brightly through the open treetops.

He quickly planted the seed in the center of the clearing and then nervously pulled his trousers down exposing his flaccid manhood. Remembering what the old creepy man had said, he needed to focus all of his energy on the image of the most beautiful and sexual creature that he could imagine. He reached into his long coat and flipped open the book to the exact page that he knew so well. Within a minute he was fully erect and fully stimulated. As his eyes bored into the drawing of the petite, yet voluptuous nymph, he let his thoughts wander up her sculpted thighs, small waist and lovely breasts. It didn't take long for him to climax and aim his spurting juice at the small mound of dirt where the seed had been buried.

The ground seemed to glow for a second and the milky white semen was absorbed fully into the soil. His eyes grew wide and he suddenly grew scared by what he had done and found himself scrambling back out of the woods and didn't stop running until he was home. 

What he didn't see was the curtain shift slightly from a delicate white hand on the second floor window of a lone farmhouse as he ran by in the bright night.

For the next week, Andrin kept his head down and worked hard in his father's fields trying to forget what he had foolishly done. The days were long and cool and the work certainly kept his hands busy but his mind continued to wander. He found himself fantasizing about large breasts again and just couldn't get them out of his head. It all came back to that seed. He decided to go see it that very night.

Once again, Andrin slipped out in the darkness of the late night to go investigate the hollow deep in the forest. The night was dark, so he brought a small lamp, but he kept it covered until he was far away from where anyone could see him. As he walked into the hollow he immediately saw an iridescent pink sprout that seemed to glow brighter as he approached. He marveled at the sight of it. Up until now, he had honestly disbelieved the claims of the strange old man. Hope surged inside of him as he considered the possibilities of this little plant.

He dropped his pants again and set to work fertilizing the little stem with his own seed. Once again, it seemed to absorb it as soon as it shot onto the soft forest soil. The leaves sparkled as though they were alive as he backed away to return the way he had come.

As he was walking back in the dark, for a moment he thought he saw a small movement coming from the upper window of Penelope's farmhouse. But when he paused to focus, all was still. He figured it must have been his mind playing tricks on him and he hurried home back to his bed.

From that point on, almost every night, he slipped out in the dark, careful not to wake his parents or disturb the animals. He was careful and quick with his 'fertilizations', and throughout the month, the small plant grew large and pink until it formed a massive bulbish, flower-like pod, a little bigger than a bushel of potatoes. It shimmered and sparkled like nothing he had ever seen and at times there seemed to be something moving inside of the iridescent petals. It became excited whenever he approached and became satiated as soon as the soil sucked in his warm seed.

With the final waxing of the moon, he realized that the time had come. He was nervous the entire day; he accidentally tripped over the plow into the wet dirt and then pinched his finger under Tula's bridle. But none of those things could distract him from the excitement he felt about the upcoming evening.

Before he knew it, he stood before the large exotic plant with only a small sliver of the moon in the sky. Sensing his presence, the bulb began to pulse and shiver, and suddenly each one of the tightly wrapped petals gently unfolded to reveal a small diminutive female crouched into a tight ball within its depths.

He stood there quietly at the edge of the barely moonlit circle, seemingly dumbstruck. The small being had her head tilted forward concealing her face. A beautiful mane of pink and green hair flowed around her small body like a covering. He could see her breathing, but otherwise she was still.

He carefully took a couple of steps closer to the flower. His proximity caused small dots of light to appear that seemed to chase themselves along the edges of the unfolded petals while the whole fauna surged like a glowing heart beat. 

Halfway unbelieving what he was seeing, Andrin reached down slowly and touched her soft shoulder with his thick, calloused finger. In response, he heard her inhale and turn her head to gaze at him with her oversized bright green otherworldly eyes.

The drawings in his book had done her an injustice; the sumptuous pixie-like face that now studied him seemed exotic to his eyes. She was amazing.. he had never seen anything like her. With a fluid grace, she calmly rose and turned to face him. His eyes grew wide at her obvious nakedness and he turned his head to look away in embarrassment.

"You needn't look away, my beloved," she spoke softly with a strange accent as she closed the gap between them. Her voice was clear and high, but filled with the sounds of the forest. "My figure is yours to look upon," and she reached up on her tiptoes to turn his face back towards hers.

He nervously looked back down through her lithe arms; the feel of her tiny hands on his face sent chills up his spine. She was quite small, even on her tiptoes the top of her head only came up to his waist. Her obviously non-human face stared up into his with a look of rapt adoration. No human could have eyes as large and exotic as hers were. Her tiny nose sat perched above her full plump bee-stung lips. He couldn't help but notice the points of her ears as they peeked out of her glorious, color-filled, shimmering hair. His eyes darted down and he could see two beautifully swollen breasts protruding out from her small torso. They were slightly disproportionate to her body, each one the size of a large orange and perfectly smooth. Her figure was definitely not child-like at all, instead it seemed to be a ultra-petite yet curvaceous version of an adult woman.

"But.. but.. You're too young... aren't you?" He asked.

"I'm simply the age of my seed.. Which would make me hundreds of years old if I was a human. Do you not like what you see?" And as she looked down, she drew her hand along her small torso which sloped down to a wasp-waist that was no bigger around than his wrist but then flared back out to a voluptuous, fertile set of hips. For some strange reason, he found himself wishing that her breasts were even larger, but was still incredibly turned on by her form. It was opposite, he was entranced by what he saw.. She was easily the most sexual creature he had ever beheld.

"Master, I'm hungry," she spoke seductively, somehow drawing attention to her mouth with every syllable. She turned and slid her hands down his chest, tracing the muscles beneath the surface with her fingers. Without taking her eyes from his face, her deft hands found the buckle to his trousers and he felt the rough material fall to his ankles.

His manhood was already swollen and ready. It hung out heavily, pulled by its own weight, an even 9 inches long and decently thick. A small gold ring with strange writing and a small ruby nested in the top could be seen wrapping the base where it met his body. He thought about his recent naming day when his father took him alone to the strange remote hilltop several leagues from their village. In the middle of a strange ancient clearing stood a waist height stone pedestal with a golden ring affixed to the top of it. There were strange carvings all over the stone and concentric writings on the stone ground where it stood. At first he was embarrassed and confused, but his father stated that they needed to test him. He distinctly remembered his stoic father seeming a little let-down when he asked him to put his penis into the ring, Cham was almost mortified to do it, but he obeyed his da. As soon as he pulled it out.. His cock surged to full attention and he slipped it through the ring. 

He had always thought that he had a good sized cock. As soon as he slipped in into the ring, he felt a surge of power, the ring glowed and the writing on the stone blazed white for a second and the red-stoned ring on his penis and hand were just.. There. He later found out, he couldn't remove either one of them. 

His father didn't talk very much about it.. only that it was traditional and that all men wore the rings. He noticed his father also wore a matching red ruby ring on his left hand.

His mind snapped back to the present. He didn't say a word, instead he stood perfectly still, desperately hoping that this was not a dream that he would awake from. Her luscious mouth eagerly kissed and licked his long turgid rod.. sucking and bobbing over and over down the swollen head. She seemed desperate to pleasure him. Her unblinking eyes stared up at him with a look of complete longing while she forced his manhood deeper and deeper into her soft mouth. He was an average fellow in height and weight, but even so, her Lilliputian fingers on one hand could not complete the circuit around his girth. This contrast alone was enough to excite his latent feelings of manliness and prowess, quickly providing the impetus for him to finally climax directly into her willing mouth. His orgasm was fast but as delightfully strong as it was intense. It was the first time another person had ever touched him sexually and it drove him wild with lust. He could not believe how incredible it felt to be touched in this way, he immediately craved more.

However, the arrival of his seed into her warm mouth generated a strange response. Bright glowing light seemed to radiate from her skin. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she moaned in complete ecstasy. Before he knew it, she had slipped back down into a sleeping fetal position atop the unfolded petals of the giant flower, seemingly satiated for the evening. With a slow motion, the pulsing flower folded up around her like a chrysalis, tucking her away for the remainder of the night.

Andrin pulled his pants back up and stumbled back out of the clearing. His mind whirling from the events of the evening. He was so distracted that he didn't even remember crawling back into his bed. In the dark of his room, he reached down to feel his crotch, touching himself to remember her movements. He pulled one hand out to see if there was any residual smell left on his body and noticed small glitter specks on his hand glowing in the night. What is this? he thought to himself. He knew the faerie dust had magical properties.. he wondered if the exposure would harm him, but figured it was just residue from her ministrations. Plus, it smelled wonderful.. like a sweet flower in the summer breeze. He dreamed incredible dreams of passion and pleasure that continued throughout the night.
