 Ashea regained consciousness lying among pine trees. Olympus had pine trees but here, she was lost. Where was she? Hera had said Anglia. An unknown land, and she was condemned to wander here endlessly. No contacts she could talk with. No God she could ask for help. She was a terrified nymph, on this first day of her banishment from Olympus. Aimlessly, hopelessly, she roamed through the forest. When she reached the edge of the trees, Hera's voice boomed in her head, "Stay in the forest." Hurriedly, she turned back among the pines. A group of people came walking close to her, but they walked past, and Ashea realised that she was invisible.

With that in mind, when a young couple appeared, walking hand in hand, Ashea was able to stand quite close to them, thinking sadly of how pleasant their togetherness looked. The couple stopped and kissed, and that looked good too. Their clothing was strange. Both wore a top, but the man had his legs covered, while the girl wore a loose skirt. They continued kissing, stopped walking, and began fumbling with each other's clothing. Ashea was fascinated. The man slid his hand inside the woman's top and began stroking her breasts. Ashea wondered what it was like to be human, and be stroked like that. Remembering how Zeus's satyrs had handled her she knew it could be unpleasant. This woman didn't look as though it was a bad experience. Maybe it was better when the right man did it. 

The woman opened the front of the man's leg coverings, put her hand inside, to produce his erect male-thing. Now, Ashea knew exactly what this was for. Not as big as those she'd seen on satyrs, who were always trying to put them in somewhere. Certainly nowhere near the one Zeus had threatened her with. The man had put his hand up the woman's skirt, and the woman's face told Ashea that she was enjoying it. The woman's hand stroked along the male-thing, until the man eased her to the ground and within seconds he was between her thighs, having his erection guided by the woman.

Sadly, Ashea turned away not wanting to watch any more of their pleasuring. Theirs was an activity that she could never experience. She continued her morose drifting through the trees. Several athletic individuals, scantily clad, ran past her, men and women. They looked very fit. The men were particularly attractive in her eyes..

As she lingered disconsolately under a peculiar Y shaped pine, another young man, came running in her direction. What was it about him that attracted her more than any of the others? Tall, darkly handsome, with strong legs, and a face that she was sure she would like to know better. But, she sighed, it was never to be. The young man did a little run on the spot and turned to run back the way he had come. Maybe she could at least see him again and again.

Brad Fielder, always turned back and retraced his steps at the Y shaped pine. The pine had been split by lightening at some time, so that the top sections had spread apart but had not died, making a natural letter Y. .Brad had always enjoyed the freedom of running, had enjoyed that feeling of power that flowed through his body on the good days. He was feeling particularly strong on that day, and was keen to get home, have a shower, and get out to meet Jill, his girl friend. Their three month liaison had reached a promising stage. He had fondled her large bare breasts, and trailed his fingers between her legs, but no more than that, while she had tentatively handled his erect penis. So Brad was hoping for some developments before they separated for their different universities.

Ashea bridled at the unfairness of Hera's judgement. On Olympus, one of Zeus's minions had spotted Ashea bathing naked in a stream. Zeus was told, and summoned her to stand before him.. 

Nymphs were forever succumbing to Zeus. Ashea had been determined not to be that easy. She knew Zeus favoured virgins, unless the lady who took his fancy was wife to one of the higher Gods. For this meeting he kept his massive human image, and he ordered her to drop her white gown. Nervous, yet prepared to go this far, she had obeyed, and had revealed her curvaceous, neat breasted body. Zeus's eyes ate her, as he stroked his beard, and nodded appreciatively. 

He ordered two satyrs to step forward and inspect the purity of this delicate nymph. Satyrs were notorious for their lascivious treatment of nymphs, but in front of Zeus, they had to be cautious. Nevertheless they took too much pleasure, Ashea thought, in caressing over her breasts, squeezing just a little too much, before slipping their disgusting fingers between her legs. They grinned at each other, heads turned away from the Lord Zeus, as, taking turns, their fingers probed for evidence of her virginity. Reluctantly they turned to Zeus and nodded, 

A great smile had creased Zeus's face as he stood, and declared, "Then how would you, dear girl, like this inside your lovely body?" And he had parted his great gown to reveal his monstrous male-thing, only semi-erect..

Ashea knew she had to be firm, yet, subtle."Sire," she said quietly, "it is a wonderful instrument. But I, a slight maiden, do not yet feel deserving."

For a moment Zeus pondered her response, "Leave me now, while I think on this. Consider though, refusal, could mean me taking you anyway, before turning you over to these satyrs" And Ashea saw, with some disgust, the ogling eyes, the nodding heads and the rising erections of that pair. Quickly she dressed and left the chambers. But as she came out of the room, she was grabbed brutally by two of Hera's hand maidens, and carried before the queen.

For a brief moment, Hera , a beautiful goddess on her noble throne, sat and glared at Ashea. "You have come from my husband's chambers." It wasn't a question, it was a definite statement. "You have given him your body."

Ashea was shocked by the accusations. "Majesty, I have not been to his bed."

Hera sneered, "You do not need to have been to his bed. He could take you where you stood if he wished."

"He wanted me, Majesty. But I refused."

Hera threw back her head and gave an unpleasant laugh, "A liar too, is it? No woman would refuse having my husband's overused member inside her."

Ashea opened her mouth to speak, but Hera held up her hand, "Enough of this, liar, whore. I condemn you to roam the Earth without hope. But far away Earth—to Anglia, a good place to lose you completely."

Horrified, Ashea tried to protest, but Hera rose, held both hands above Ashea's head, and for the nymph, everything went black.

What Ashea did not know was what happened on Olympus after her banishment. As Hera sat and congratulated herself at getting rid of one of Zeus's whores, her husband came storming into the throne room.

"Where is she?" he demanded fiercely of his wife.

"Gone. I've warned you, Zeus. I find any of your conquests, and they go. I've already dispersed a few all over Earth."

"And Ashea?"

"To Anglia, to wander alone."

To Hera's surprise, Zeus laughed, "Hera, are you turning into a crazy woman? That nymph refused me—I was-oh, never mind what I was going to do. You have some repairing to do."

After he left, Hera sat and thought about how she could help Ashea. Bringing the banished back from Earth was not as straight forward as casting them out there. Anyone with the chance to return had to perform certain labours.

Much thinking later she decided to contact Ashea while she slept, and give her the news and the labours she must perform. 

As the saddest day of her life came to an end Ashea wondered if she would ever be able to face day after empty day. Night was closing in and she drifted deep into the forest and lay down to sleep, despair her only blanket. 

At some time through that night Hera entered Ashea's head via the dream doorway. Ashea could see her clearly, as though down a tunnel. The goddess's face was sorrowful at first as she said, "I have done you a great wrong, Ashea. To make amends, I am preparing a route for you back to Olympus. This is never easy. Certain challenges must be undertaken, but no worry, I endow you with attributes that will help and guide you. First, an iota of my sexuality, your own may work, but I am sure a touch of mine won't come in wrong."

Ashea shuffled in her sleep, and her fingers moved between her thighs, and she almost came awake on feeling the extra warmth there.

"Good," Hera went on, her face smiling now. "That should bring you pleasure during the tasks you will perform. I will have the ability to understand strange language, and the choice of being visible or not. Obviously, although you remain a nymph at heart, you will need to take on solid human form for most tasks. You may be nymph or witch, whenever the situation demands, but your appearance will not change. A human will only know when you take action in that mode. 

Take any of these forms by merely thinking about them With all challenges completed, you may return to Olympus, if you want to come back." There was a pause in what Hera had said, and her eyes gazed at Ashea. "You would make a most beautiful human. And if anything happens in the course of your tasks and you are attracted, and it could happen, you may be allowed to remain in human form, but would sacrifice your immortality." 

Hera went on, "Now, the challenges. First, you must carry out at least one destructive act in some way. It might be to the property or the person of someone, obviously that would be in witch mode.

Second, it is important that you throw a scare into one or two people. That shouldn't be too difficult, many humans jump at their own shadows.

Third, and definitely most important, you must take into your body, through whichever entry, the reproductive fluids of at least three men. I have freed you of any virginal curse to spare you pain. Something I could not do on Olympus, but when you are Earthbound I can arrange it. Pregnancy is not a problem, as human outpourings cannot reproduce in us, even in temporary human form.. You must take on three different men, but may go more than once with any of them, if you wish it. This task is for my satisfaction, for, you will no longer be the virgin that Zeus's passion demands. Morning approaches now, and soon you will find your special self. Good luck, Ashea, my apologies for casting you out so hastily."

Ashea came out of her sleep very slowly at first, but then as her thoughts cleared she sat up directly, recalling much of what Hera had said. Was it a dream? Think about it. She thought about being a visible human/nymph, and immediately she was looking down at the curves of her own body, clad in a green dress, which revealed her bare legs. Witch, she thought. At first she was disappointed, there appeared to be no bodily change. Then vile thoughts filled her head. Thoughts of poisons, of cut throats, of tearing flesh., and so many evil things. Quickly she thought 'nymph', and all was fine.

Through two or three sun rises, she tested herself out. Early on, while invisible, she saw the young runner, whom she'd found so attractive, but she wasn't confident enough about her powers to reveal herself.. A decision she was to regret for a while When her confidence rose, she took on her human persona and strolled down the trail. On the way she passed an elderly couple taking a morning stroll, Ashea had approached them warily, but closer and they smiled, nodded and murmured, "Good morning.".

Ashea nodded her head, and found she could return the greeting. That pleased her. By the fourth sunrise, Hera had prompted her to start on her tasks, and she lingered by the Y pine, hoping to see the young runner. She saw others, but not him, and she knew she was bound to get on with a challenge...

Brad Fielder had not been running in the forest because he had lost all will power. On the night he had run home to prepare to see Jill, everything had seemed fine. She had allowed him to go as far as he had on other occasions, but no further. Brad wondered if there had been a coolness about her then, but when she had phoned him, two days later, to tell him that she didn't want to see him anymore he was devastated. He had wanted to know why, and had been staggered by her reply, "We just don't seem to be getting anywhere." She refused to meet to discuss it further. He just could not accept that, and needed to talk it out face to face. So the next evening he had gone to her house, only two streets away. 

Walking up her street, he saw the car parked outside her door. He knew that car. Everybody in the school knew that ghastly yellow car. It had been drawn to their attention often enough. It was the property of Clive Madding, the smarmy character, from their upper year class. He was the only eighteen year old to own a car. And as Brad glared at that car, Jill, in a brief summer dress, ran from her front door and climbed into the passenger seat. 

Brad would never be able to define his feelings at that moment, as the car drove away. Within minutes he was back in his own bedroom staring up at the ceiling. In class two days later, they were standing around in small groups before the session started, and as usual, among his bunch of cronies, Clive Madding's voice rose above the rest

"She's not here, yet, is she?" His beady eyes looked around the room. "No, good. So I can tell you. Man, that Jill fucks like a rabbit." He sniggered and his mates joined in the lascivious laughter, as he leered in Brad's direction.

Angrily, Brad had pushed towards Clive, "You bloody liar," he snarled. "You wouldn't dare say that if Jill was here. 

Clive sneered, "I wouldn't have to. She knows she's lucky to have a man-size cock to play with-for a change."

Brad took another step towards him, and noticed his cronies move closer, "Man-sized cock, pea sized brain." It was pathetic, and couldn't be taken any further since Professor Barker entered the room to start the session. 

Brad was bereft of any feeling other than the loss of Jill, and lying on his bed , staring at the ceiling took the place of running. For the next couple of nights that was his practice, home and lie on the bed staring at that damned ceiling. His mother asked if he was ill. Not ill, he might have said, just a broken heart. .

Ashea was in her human mode, wearing the green summer dress. She was in a thicker part of the forest, when she heard footsteps causing twigs to crack. A tall man in a check shirt and blue leg coverings, and carrying an axe, was coming through the trees. Ashea had been thinking of how she might trigger the situation. It turned out surprisingly easy. She sat down on a log and held her ankle. From that moment everything went as though scripted, as the man approached..

He enquired about her reason for being there.

His eyes had roamed over her revealing dress. She could see him thinking about what might be underneath.

He inspected her ankle, and when she offered a kiss of gratitude, the whole thing took fire.

His hands were all over her, and he opened her dress as their tongues meshed.

Eagerly, Ashea reached for his erection, and had to be shown how to unzip what he called 'jeans' Holding his erect male-thing had been exciting for her.

This stranger's fingers probing gently between her thighs, and dipping into her honey had driven her wild almost immediately. Immediately, Ashea had to wonder how much was her own sexuality, and how much Hera's influence. She longed to have him inside her, and was having thoughts she had never had before.

Within seconds, came what her body was demanding as his male-thing moved inside her, tight at first, but then filling her up. She could not stop her own body from thrusting in tune with his.

Soon they were both grunting and gasping. That feeling, that fire was something that Ashea knew she would want over and over again. She had felt the man's fluids that Hera had demanded, pour into her.

It was over. It had been too rushed, yet delightful. He had been so gentle. How much better could it be?

.She could only allow a moment of relaxed satisfaction, as she thought 'invisible'. Sad, but grateful,, she watched his shocked awareness of her disappearance. It would have been fun to do it again, perhaps more slowly. But as soon as they calmed, she knew she had to move on. 

That night Hera spoke to her in revealing tones, "That was a lucky choice. An experienced man. It won't always be so—but I-"The Queen paused-"-that is, you really hit a high spot. Good."

That little pause had Ashea thinking when she woke up. Was Hera getting the sensations she had experienced?

Another four sun rises went by and no sign of the young man she was hoping for. Other young men ran past her, but not the one she hoped for.

In the end she settled for a heavily built man carrying a strange black instrument, which, before she revealed herself, he put to his eyes and pointed at any birds that settled nearby. It didn't seem to harm the birds. So she thought this one would be gentle enough. She was wrong.

The moment he became aware of how vulnerable her mode of dress was, he had jammed her against a tree, and his erection was up inside her and spurting before she could channel her mind into protective mode. It was all so fast she was quite stunned. There had been no real pain, but even less pleasure. The only solace she had was that her second task was over. She had taken two loads now. In her mind she was telling herself if she ever saw this one again she would think 'witch'.

Hera visited her that night and said sagely, "Not always good, is it? I did warn you. More care next time." Again, Ashea wondered how Hera could know so much about her efforts. 

Slowly Brad had come to his senses, and realised that it had been over a week since he'd done any running. The decision to get back to the training might drive Jill from his thoughts. The next morning, feeling a little more resolved, he told his friend Steven about his intention to run again. Steven had been most encouraging..

"Best way to get her out of your system. Aim for something big—the Olympics maybe " he told Brad.

"Early days for that," Brad said, "so for now, I'll enjoy running in the forest Starting this afternoon.".

Unfortunately, Clive Madding, had been standing just behind them and he broke in then, "I haven't seen you on my forest runs lately. Olympics, is it? Huh, you couldn't even make the distance with Jill."

Brad felt his fists tighten as Clive went on, "She was very grateful when I took her cherry. You should have heard her yelp when I stuck it up her that first time. But after that, she was so grateful, takes it in, anywhere. Gives a great blowjob."

Steven grabbed at Brad's arms, as he stepped angrily towards Clive. Steve hissed in Brad's ear, "It's true, Brad. I didn't want to tell you, but we were at a party just the other night. I accidentally opened a wrong door-that's what she was doing to him" Shaken, all Brad could lamely say was, "You're welcome to her."

Clive shrugged, "Running in the forest? Better look out for the wood nymph or wood witch, or whatever they call her. They reckon she's hot. But you wouldn't know what to do, would you?". 

With that, he walked away laughing, leaving Brad seething.

Steven looked at Brad, "Ignore him, just get her out of your mind.. Have you heard about this so called wood nymph?"

There had been some recent talk. Some said it was a ghostly figure that scared people. Brad shook his head, fantasy stories were the furthest thing from his mind at that particular moment. His mind still seethed at the latest details he'd heard.

Come the afternoon he'd run it all off.

Ashea had not forgotten that part of her challenge was to do some scaring, and really she had been doing it, in one way or another for a while. It was ideal having the facility to be invisible or not. Sometimes she could be just a green flash among the trees, something that left a doubt in the minds of whoever saw her. At other times she would appear completely, and then switch to 'invisible', and watch the worried faces , when she wasn't there..
