 It was a quiet night on the brilliant Moon of Cathis and as the Queen stood on her balcony she looked over the Kingdom that had recently become hers.

Standing at an average height, she was in her mid-forties with beautiful white hair that she wore long, letting trail halfway down her back, blue eyes and a voluptuous body. 

She was wearing a simple dress that was white like her hair, thin and held at her shoulders by beautiful gold clasps. She also wore a gold necklace around her neck that went down to her breasts.

She did consider herself good looking for her age, but had still been surprised when the King had chosen her as his new wife. 

The previous Queen had died a few years ago and everyone had expected the King to marry someone younger, more virile. Already though he had two grown sons and a daughter, and so she just assumed that he hadn't wanted to deal with someone young and instead wanted someone more mature and experienced.

Unfortunately it seemed that he didn't prefer much of anything, she thought, and tried to recall the last time they'd had sex. Even that memory was a short one and she sighed, feeling as if she were going to burst from pent-up sexual energy.

She watched as several different space ships flew around, and then sighed again as she looked into her chambers and saw the big belly of her "beloved" King rising and falling slowly on their giant bed.

She thought about trying to wake him, or about pleasuring herself, as she had many times before, but decided against it since the experience had become too common, too dull to really give her any true satisfaction or release.

It was late and she knew that her two step sons would be out and instead chose to visit with her stepdaughter, whom she actually got along with quite well. The Princess was only 19, energetic, fun to talk to and usually stayed up late as well.

She left her chambers and decided against calling for an escort. Within a few minutes she was outside of the Princess' chambers. Here, however, things were not quiet. In fact the Queen was sure she could hear the Princess screaming.

The Queen quickly put her hand up against the scanner next to the door, and recognizing her handprint and the authority it carried, the door slid open for her.

The Princess' chambers were large and there was a small corridor leading inside and to the right, so the Queen couldn't see what was happening right away. She heard the door close behind her and also heard the sounds coming much more clearly.

The Princess was screaming alright, but they were not screams of danger, but pleasure, and a raw pleasure at that.

"Fuck me harder!" 

The Princess yelled this again and again and for a moment the Queen was stunned with embarrassment. She knew she should leave and pretend that this had never happened, but something inside her forbade that and instead pushed her further inside.

She could feel herself grow wet at just the sounds of the lovemaking and it had been so long that she knew a little peak couldn't hurt. The Princess wasn't her daughter, after all, and at least she'd have something to think about later, during a very long shower.

She inched her way forward slowly, not wanting to give herself away, until finally she could see the Princess.

She was on her bed, bent over, her young body toned and tight. She had short black hair that only went down to her chin and she was moaning and screaming,, lost in the passionate sexual haze.

The Queen had expected to see some brawny gladiator behind her step-daughter, but it seemed that the Princess had more varied tastes than the Queen could have guessed because instead she saw that it was a woman who was fucking the Princess and she was using a large strap-on dildo.

The woman was a little taller than the queen and had red hair that went down to her chin as well. The hair was wet from sweat and flew back as she reached forward and pulled the Princess' hair back, driving the dildo into her pussy harder and harder.

The Queen had had some experience with women, since Cathis was a pretty progressive moon, but she had never experienced anything as raw as what was being done to the Princess.

She couldn't see the woman's face, but she looked to be young, maybe in her mid-twenties and she had a very fit body, more toned than the Princess', with strong and toned muscles and a tight ass that the Queen couldn't help but stare at. 

She also saw at all the scars that crissed and crossed over the woman's body and at the tattoos of a devil on her left shoulder and an angel on the right.

There was fire in this woman and she was driving the Princess towards a blinding orgasm, reaching around and playing with her clit, sending her over the edge and causing the Princess to squeeze her satin sheets as tightly as she could and yell out loud as she came and came hard.

The Queen watched what had happened and had felt something rising inside her as well, and it caused her, against her own will, or so she thought, to let out an excess of air and say, "oh my god."

Kara had been a little surprised at how easily the Princess had invited her up to her chambers. Somehow she'd always figured that those who lived in royalty were all stuck up and snobby and only fucked every once and a while.

Not that she had thought twice about it. She'd been on her ship for a little over a week with no company, and had spent most of it playing with herself with the plethora of toys that she owned.

But, like the Queen, she had grown tired of it and just wanted someone to fuck her or someone to fuck, she didn't care whether it was a man or woman, she liked both.

Kara was a smuggler after all and her life revolved around dangerous situations and these situations made sex that much better when she got it, which was often.

The second the door to the Princess' chambers had closed Kara had been on her, pushing her up against the wall, driving her tongue into the younger girl's mouth and was ripping off the expensive dress that she had worn.

The Princess felt herself, naked and exposed, being pulled over to her bed and thrown onto it. Her legs spread roughly and tongue dance in between. The tongue licked her clit and then she felt lips sucking on it and a finger enter her, again and again until it was replaced by a tongue.

The tongue danced inside her now and she felt it slide in and out, again and again. The Princess' hands had moved without thinking, one to her right breast, squeezing it and playing with her nipple, and the other to woman's head, grabbing her hair and pulling.

Kara pushed the Princess back down and within seconds was naked as well. She climbed onto the bed and had sat her pussy down onto the Princess' mouth and felt her own pussy being tasted and played with. 

The tongue was inexperienced, but the Princess did what she could to mirror what Kara was doing to her again, though now she had two fingers inside the Princess' pussy.

This continued until the Princess had brought out the big strap-on dildo, and Kara, obliging, put it on and took the Princess in a way the girl would never forget. She made the girl cum again and again and it was on the third time that she heard the excess of air and the words spoken by the Queen.

"Who's this?" Kara asked. "Well I don't exactly mind an audience, but I do like to know when I'm being watched. Most of the time anyway."

The older woman sputtered a few times as the Princess turned around and lay back, her eyes lazy, widening a bit as she recognized her stepmother.

"That's my stepmother, the Queen," the girl managed to say, though she was still feeling the effects of the latest orgasm, and so could not conjure the proper effect of surprise and embarrassment.

"I...I heard...screams," the Queen said. "I came to check if everything was alright."

The last words were stammered out, but Kara could see the wet outline in between the women's legs, and she was far from done for the night.

"I don't think that's it," Kara said. "You could have came and left right away, but you stayed and watched didn't you?" 

"I...can't believe you would accuse me of something like that," the Queen said, but the words fell flat.

"Hmm, it seems like your body is saying something different," Kara said, and she walked slowly over to the Queen.

The Queen watched as Kara's hips swayed back and forth, couldn't help but focus on the large red dildo, then move up and take in the small but perky breasts, the wild look in Kara's eyes, her body still shining with sweat.

"I was just curious, I couldn't help myself," the Queen said finally, looking down, a bit embarrassed.

"No need for that," Kara said. "I think you should join us, I think you want to join us."

"No, I couldn't," the Queen stammered, "I'm the Queen, my husband, the King, is in this palace."

Kara was within a few inches of her now and the Queen could feel the dildo up against her. She moved closer, and despite what the Queen was saying, her body moved, closer to Kara's, looking up a bit at the young women's eyes, seeing the fire there, needing to see that fire in a look that gazed at her and finally she met Kara's lips.

They kissed, slowly at first, and though Kara wanted to take her, wanted to have the dildo inside her, she knew to take it slow for the moment. The Queen was unsure, still, and she could tell from the kisses.

They became more passionate though and Kara led the Queen over to the bed, moving behind her, kissing her neck and exploring her voluptuous body, her hands traveling up to the golden clasps, undoing them and letting the dress fall to the floor.

The Queen barely noticed though. Instead she saw her stepdaughter, the Princess, standing in front of her, energy regained and a look similar to Kara's in her eyes as well.

She kissed the Queen and felt the Queen kiss back. The Queen's hands moved up and took the Princess' breasts into her hands, squeezed them and then lowered her lips onto them. 

The Queen was getting more and more turned on and she let the Princess lead her onto the bed, and couldn't help but kiss the girl and kiss down her body, moving in between her legs as Kara had done.

Kara surveyed the masterpiece she had before her for a minute before spreading the ass cheeks of the Queen and pushing her tongue in between them, moving down and over the Queen's pussy lips, pushing her tongue in between them and tongue fucking her like she had done to the Princess.

The Queen was moaning now. It had been so long for her and Kara knew it wouldn't take much. She stood up and slowly push the dildo inside the Queen, making her take inch after inch and was surprised at how much more the Queen was able to take than the Princess. 

She spanked the Queen's ass, since she probably would never get another chance at doing that, and drove the dildo in harder and harder. The Queen was holding onto the Princess now and was taking that dildo very hard, taking it and pressing back, she even reached back and spread her big ass cheeks open for Kara.

Kara continued on like this, fucking the Queen again and again until finally the Queen started yelling even louder than her stepdaughter had. She also attacked the Princess' pussy with a reckless abandon, bring the girl to her fourth orgasm of the night. It was almost too much for her and she lay back and watched as Kara fucked the Queen to orgasm again and again.

Then it was Kara's turn to be taken by the two woman and it was the Queen who wore the strap on, laying back and watching the young scoundrel ride her while her stepdaughter sat on her face and licked Kara's pussy and clit as she rode the dildo.

It was too much for Kara and she finally had the blinding, life encompassing orgasm that she had been looking for and screamed for all her life, louder than even the Princess or the Queen.

A few moments later they were all lying exhausted on the bed, covered in their juices and they all fell asleep like that.

Morning came and unfortunately they were awoken by the King, who's fat belly jiggled as he fell back at the sight of his daughter and wife on the bed naked with a strange woman.

He couldn't call the guards right away and Kara knew that was her cue to leave. She grabbed her clothes, kissed both the Queen and the Princess as the King scrambled to the door, and went out on the balcony.

"Well that was fun," she said as she stood naked out in the fresh air. She looked back and finally saw a few guards rushing in. 

Just as they came out on the balcony she jumped, was caught by her small hoverbike, which she had left nearby in case she needed to make an escape like this, and flew it naked back to her ship.

The End

Check back to see what Kara's next adventure will be.