 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Nymsya
Nymsya
Nymsya 

Sounded three times through the corridors. Chanting of a group of three men on a quest for blood. 

Nymsya. Fourth time. Her soul began to be sucked in. Just one more...

Nymsya. The final word. With a flash of light, she appeared. Two of them stood too close. She took their hearts. Before the third could react, she was digging into them with her teeth.

"Nymsya!" he began, and she raised her head. A gulp could be heard as she finished a bite. "You have been summoned, but you shall remain bound! If you kill the third gatekeeper, your soul will be forever bound to this room and you will not depart into this world, or go back into yours!" he finished, trying to keep his voice steady. He did not expect his colleagues to die so quickly. His heart raced. But he kept staring into those dead red eyes of hers.

She dropped the heart. She took a stride towards him. As her form left the pentagram drawn on the ground her shape became more intact and clothes began to form around her.

"I...you are not supposed to be able to do that!" the man exclaimed "Go...go back to the center!" he shouted in sheer panic as he backed off.

She reached out towards him and grabbed onto a key hanging off his neck. As she touched it, her transport has finished. The air got a little bit rusty and suddenly there was a whiff of sulfur in it. 

"You put too much beliefs in your books" she said and licked her lips. She looked around. "Where are we? Why did you summon me?" she asked. She was garbed in a long black dress that ended above her bust. Her arms were covered in a pair of evening gloves running all the way to her shoulders. Her eyes shone red and her hair was raven and as long as her dress. Her skin as pale as the chalk used to draw the pentagram. Her neck was accessoried by a collar with a lock on it.

"We...I summoned you to do my bidding, foul demon" the man staggered out, managing to breathe a little bit more this time around "I would ask...I order you to assassinate the prince and his bride to be before their wedding in three weeks." he said when he saw she expected more.

Nymsya let go of the key "Child's play" she said. She turned around, found the dropped hearts and started munching on them. When she was done, he was waiting by the door.

~~~

When traversing the castle and the courtyard, she took upon a more human form. Her hair shortened, and her eyes didn't glow as much. The lock on her neck transformed into a beautiful pendant featuring a demon eye. 

She has spent several days just walking around. A lot of life was happening in the castle. Lots of people coming to prepare for the wedding, lots of traders, workers, craftsmen, soldiers. Usually their entry was controlled at the gates by the guards, but one look at Nymsya and they usually let her pass. Sometimes they would stop her, but a lean forward and a hand on a cheek would allow her passage.

She watched the prince and his bride to be. He was a young blonde knight, quite noble and always with an escort of at least two soldiers. She overheard that he has survived a previous attempt at his life, killed an assassin in his bedroom during the night. But he was going to be the lesser problem. 

The bride to be was a witch's daughter. While a knight with a sword would be dangerous, a magician could actually prevent her own charms from working and even banish her. Her hair was brown and straight, quite unusual for the women around. But then she was from a faraway land, name of which Nymsya overheard and forgotten. She could never remember names of the human lands. 

One evening, a court dinner was happening, intended to bring the families closer together. Nobody else but the royal family and closest relatives, plus the bride's extended family was supposed to be present. But Nymsya made it work. Everybody thought she was somewhat related to somebody for sure and nobody questioned her. She even managed to grab a chair not too far off from the core of the evening. She was seated next to a little cutey of a girl with ginger hair.

Soon after being seated, the key family members started pouring in. The prince wore a embroidered linen shirt. His future wife was more creative. Her hair was woven into a long braid going over her shoulder and leading all sights into her deep cleavage line. Even Nymsya had to fight to take eyes off that prize.

To her surprise, the bride's steps lead towards her. But at the last moment, she stopped and hugged closely with the much simpler looking ginger girl. Listening in on their conversation she figured out that the two were close. Likely the ginger girl was in the bride's employ, but they were still closer than just mistress and her servant.

While they talked, Nymsya locked sight with the bride to be for a second but decided not to even attempt to use her charming magic, just in case she was sensitive to magic. Tonight, she would have to use more natural approaches. 

A clang sounded, and the bride looked towards the king who was obviously waiting for her. She nodded and gave the ginger girl one more hug before leaving. The succubus got a good look down her cleavage as she was departing. She also noticed that the bride noticed, and a frail smile appeared on her lips.

As the evening progressed, Nymsya started talking with the ginger girl. Amy was her name. 

~~

Amy was surprised she was invited to the dinner. She was a lowly maid in services of the bride's family. She did have some personal ties to her, but she was still a very lowly servant. She was informed that this would be one of the events, but she would be only invited to this one. Apparently, the goal was for the servants to get accustomed to the new family ties as they might be moved over as well with the wedding.

She was seated next to a prettiest woman she has ever seen and from first moment she had butterflies in her stomach. To her luck, the lovely lady started talking to her on her own.

"How did you two meet?" the woman asked of her.

Amy's face went bright red at the question, but she felt unusually comfortable. 

"We..." she started and felt her face becoming even closer of a relative to a tomato, so she hushed her voice "I actually served as her lab servant. All of her early teenage magic was being tested on me." She usually didn't tell that to people. After all, nobody even in her family knew. But this woman, there was something about her that made it very easy to say out loud.

"Magic?" the stranger asked. Her face was full of questions. "What kind of magic?"

If Amy's face was a textile, at that point it would be the best tapestry in all of the kingdom, for their royal colour was bright red. "She has...gifts. Gifts of helping people feel things." She looked down into her plate "Very nice things..."

The stranger smiled, and Amy was suddenly very happy she told her that. "That seems fun!" she said and laughed "Did it stop at magic between you two?" she inquired further

Amy shook her head but didn't speak further. She knew she promised the bride that she wouldn't ever tell anyone. So, she didn't. 

More warmth of understanding flowed from the woman and the dinner continued. They continued chatting and Amy noticed that from time to time, their hands would brush against each other. She would think it's coincidental, but every single time it happened, she felt like she was getting something more from the contact. She longed for another brush as soon as one ended. 

She couldn't take it. At one point during a longer silence, she decided to spread her legs wider and brush her leg against the alluring woman's. In that moment, the black-haired lady's hand dropped onto her thigh and she nearly screamed out of pleasure. Quickly she looked over at the lady and she was staring into an amused face. 

"Did something happen?" the lady asked as if the hand wasn't resting pretty high on her exposed thigh.

"N..no" she stammered and continued eating, working hard to keep her breathing going.

"Good" the lady leaned in closer and Amy felt her breasts pushing against her arm as she whispered, "And call me Nymsya."

Amy nearly fainted when she felt the warm air brush her ear. She nodded. After a while they continued talking as if nothing has happened. But Amy remembered how the touch felt. She has felt it before and she missed it. She knew she couldn't get that from most people. And whoever this lady was, she was good for her.

~~

The dinner soon ended, and the king announced that the party would continue, but the servants are free to go. Nymsya stayed close to Amy as they were leaving and in the thick of the crowd, her hand smacked her butt playfully. 

Amy looked around with that dreamy look, telling of no great harm done, but more harm invited. Nymsya was used to that look in people after they were trapped in her grasp. But she still liked toying with them. After all, how else would they weave themselves in deeper?

"What are your plans for the night?" she asked her as she caught up.

Amy shook her head briefly and thought for a moment "Oh yes, we were promised a hot bath." she turned to Nymsya "Can you imagine? I didn't have a hot bath in ages!"

Nymsya smiled "Think there will be enough hot water left for me after you are finished?" she asked laughing.

Amy smirked "Why? Are you too shy to go in with me?" she said and grabbed onto Nymsya's hand "Come, this way" she said and nearly pranced off through the tight corridors.

The bathroom was tiny. And the bath itself even tinier. Amy pushed in and pulled Nymsya right behind her. Nymsya shut the door behind them. 

As soon as she did, Amy leapt at her. They kissed passionately. Nymsya's back was pushing against the door behind her and Amy's leg couldn't do anything but fit right between her thighs.

Nymsya started opening the many buttons on Amy's linen blouse, pulling it off her as much as she could. Amy likewise pulled at the dress to get it off Nymsya. 

Finally, the only thing preventing their clothes from falling were their chests closely pushed against each other. Nymsya laughed and broke the kiss. She grabbed Amy by her shoulders and gently pulled her away from herself, letting the clothes drop. 

Amy was a servant, but she was certainly very beautiful. She understood why the bride picked her. 

Her body was slim. She was half a head shorter than Nymsya. Her ginger hair was short, to about her shoulders. She was freckled from nose to tips of her tiny pink nipples. Her breasts stood proudly on her chest, despite their smaller size. Compared to Nymsya's, they were quite small indeed. Down below was a fuzz of hair and hips that could borne kings. 

Nymsya didn't hesitate. She pushed Amy against a wall and continued kissing her, while her hands found their purchase on her chest. 

Amy's hands were not too far behind, quickly grasping the full behind of the demoness. Her fingers looped past the crude silk panties the demoness wore and dug her fingers into her flesh. 

Nymsya's fingers found nipples of the redhead and stopped to give them a little teasing massage. Her mouth moved to kiss the lips, cheek and then slobber all over her earlobe. Her reward was Amy's hardly held back moans and fingers digging in more. 

Finally, she moved towards the neck, while one of her hands headed down south. Her teeth grazed by Amy's windpipe before she lunged to the side and lightly bit into her frail skin. She could feel the girl's blood beneath the pale texture. She had to watch herself to avoid harming her. After all, she was only a stepping stone. A very fun stepping stone, she thought and bit a bit harder, hearing that lovely moan again. 

The hand got braver. It brushed past the short and fuzzy hair patch, glided along a territory of wetness and continued down over her lovely thighs. She felt Amy's chest rising and falling in rhythm of her moans. She moved down to nibble on her collar bones, kiss the skin and follow the line of her cleavage with her tongue. Soon she found a nipple. And Amy's reaction was all she could hope for. She gently tugged on it, licked it, flicked the other with her hand, squeezed the whole breast and even softly bitten into it, while her other hand wiggled itself in between her thighs and slowly ascended, rubbing against the skin. 

The succubus continued. Her hand grasped Amy's nethers and only gently rubbed against them, letting her hips do the work instead. She loved how the girl wiggled against her. She encouraged her on by continuing to lick the peaches on her chest and give them all the attention they deserved. 

When she felt even greater pull by the girl, she pulled herself up to kiss her viciously and slowly entered her wet slit with a finger. She felt it enveloping her finger quickly, while she trembled in her grasp. The slit was very welcoming, so she added a second finger and quickly dug deep, enjoying how her breathing and moaning deepened. 

But then there came a bash on the door.