 Both girls got covered quickly and Nymsya stood to the side as Amy opened the door. In peaked a guard and with a blush on his face looked from one girl to the other.

"Cl-Clear" he stammered out. 

From behind him appeared the bride to be. "Amy! I was worried. Something terrible happened and the castle is on full alert. We couldn't find you and...well at least you are safe." she said all that before she even noticed Nymsya. A vile grin appeared on her face "I was about to invite you to the safety of my quarters, but I am sure that lady here has safe dorms as well, like all guests." 

Amy's face gained the colour of her hair. The wall matched the drapes one could say. "Wait" she finally asked "You said something terrible happened?" 

The princess nodded "One of the court mages was found dead in a cellar. Absolutely massacred. A work of a mercenary no doubt." she said "And guards didn't see anybody leaving so they are still around." 

A silent moment emerged. Nymsya examined the princess. She donned the dress and wore a light brigandine. She was not taking any chances. Nymsya wondered what the prince is doing if his bride is running around and making sure her staff is alright.

"Anyways, I've got more people to check, orders to give. Stay safe and get out of here in a few minutes, we will be sealing this section of the castle soon." the princess said and strolled off with her guards. 

And so their bathtime fun was cut short. Both took a quick bath and strolled through the castle. Nymsya confessed to Amy she didn't have a bedroom secured for them, but Amy just giggled and led the way.

They entered a chamber. Amy went first and slowly crept about. It was a poor man's chamber but situated in the royal section. Nymsya was confused why it was so poorly decorated yet composed of three rooms. And then there was a weird animalistic odor in the air.

And then she saw him. 

There in the bedroom sitting on a chair and partly tied to it. A piece of cloth covering his eyes. A boy barely an adult. And his pants around his ankles, hand all over his business. The royal stableboy. She saw him before. He seemed odd. And here he is, in a self tied restraints, trying to abuse his imagination. 

Amy was quick. Before he heard something, she yanked his free hand back and tied it to the chair as well. A yelp escaped his mouth. "well well, if it isn't Gary abusing himself again." she said out loud and laughed. The boy grew red in face, rapidly approaching the colour of Amy's hair. She gently tapped his face with her nails. "I didn't know you had this in mind when you invited me over before the dinner. What would your master think were he see you like this?" she asked and signed to Nymsya to stay quiet.

"A...Amy?" Garry asked "Is that you? Get...Get me out of this thing!" he struggled and rocked the chair. 

But Amy was having none of them and grabbed him firmly by the shoulders, pinning him down. "You are going nowhere mister"

Ever so slowly Amy disrobed. She looked from Garry to Nymsya and threw her clothes over his shoulders and his lap. Last she pulled of her linen panties and pushed them against his mouth. 

She bent over and whispered something to him. 

Nymsya got the hint and leaned against her, her knee in between Amy's legs. Her hands quickly grasped around Amy's torso and her own body pushed her down slightly. Fingers pressed the small but firm breasts and a soft moan escaped Amy's lips into the boy's ear. 

She rubbed her leg against the ginger girl's nether region and enjoyed the warmth her body was giving her back. The girl braced against Garry's shoulders.

"Is...is somebody else in here?" the boy asked suddenly.

Nymsya let out a loud laugh and pushed Amy into the boy, following right behind her, landing one of her hands on her lovely behind and the other on her hair. Amy hooked one of her hands across the boy's lap to help her stay in place, while Nymsya let out a few spanks across the butt of hers. Amy also felt the boy's manhood pushing against her abdomen, but in her situation, the best she could do was rub against it with the spanks.

But soon, the demoness's fingers were rubbing across her private regions, up and down, feeling up the wetness and spreading it around. 

Amy felt the boy's tongue touch her breast in an attempt to get his share, but she ignored him. She didn't have the mental stability to help him. Instead she focused on the fingers feeling her up, the pleasure they brought with them, the apparent heat they were spreading all across her cunt and before she could stop it, one of them was entering her. 

Slowly, gently Nymsya's middle finger was pushing inside the warm and wet hole of Amy that she so desired. When she was inside to around a knuckle, she started probing around. Feeling the various parts, moving the other fingers and rubbing them on top meanwhile. Amy's moans and motions of her hips were her rewards. But then she stopped and pulled herself off the hand.

She turned around and sat on the lap of the boy. She wiggled her hips some, and then she called the demoness back in. This time, Amy spread her legs wide and hooked them behind the boy's knees. 

Nymsya came closer and kissed the girl. She traveled down, kissing her neck, her shoulders, her bare small breasts. She toyed with her pink nipples. Bit them, licked them, pulled on them. But finally, she moved downwards. Leaving a trail of kisses across her stomach, she finally found the prize. 

Ever so slowly she continued kissing across the already wet pussy of the girl, but passing by it onto her thighs, only to return unexpectedly, only this time with just the tongue. Flicking and pushing, she followed her labia, moved in sync with the movement of the hips. She moved up. She found the clit and circled it. It was small, but very firm. The girl moaned in response. Nymsya sucked the clit with her lips for a few seconds, before her hand joined in on the fun. Slowly she moved two fingers across the entrance into her hole of pleasure and circled with them. Her tongue followed suit and soon the hips of the girl did too. Nymsya took a good look at her lover's face and pushed in.

The fingers entered. They slid in easily. She wiggled them around the walls and continued licking at all the folds the girl's fame had to offer. 

The girl squirmed. The fingers danced. They went in deeper and then pulled back. The girl moaned. The fingers glided in again, deeper this time, with more force. Her tongue wouldn't stop. And so wouldn't the moans. The boy moaned too. Nymsya reached under Amy's butt with her other hand and found his dangling balls squished behind it. She grasped them. Then she moved up. Her fingers met another one's fingers. Amy's hand was twisted behind her and gently rubbing whatever she could reach. Their hands met and together they rubbed the young boy's hard cock. 

Meanwhile Amy's juices flowed out onto Nymsya's freshly washed body. Her neck was practically covered in them and so was her hand. She added a third finger and the girl's hips got into a rhythmic movement. With every move came a moan, louder than the one before. The girl took a lot but, in the end, she finally came all over the demoness's invading hand. At the same time, she could feel the boy's manhood tremble and shoot its load into Amy's palm. 

Nymsya stood up and used her wet hand to grasp the girl's neck and press it tightly. She kissed her on her lips and bit into her tongue. 

Now she was hers.