 They slept cuddling. The boy was allowed in their bed, after all they were his quarters and Nymsya didn't want to risk anything. If he was sleeping with them, he was having a time of his life so he wouldn't pose a problem. 

Her plans didn't work as well as she had hoped. Since they found the man she murdered so quickly, the security would be up. Sooner or later they'd start questioning each individual and she was the odd one about. 

Even more so, she was weakening by the minute. She'd need another food soon to remain able to conceal her true nature, especially in front of the princess. During the night she had to reign herself in. The smell of two young bodies full of energy so close to herself has left her drooling. It wouldn't take much to bite into one of them.

She got up in the early morning. She had work. She walked over to a window and glanced outside. They were in the upper parts of the castle. Much of the countryside could be seen. This was quite a new sight for her in general. She was used more to hellfire and brimstone. Not to grassy fields, woods and mountains. And light. She frowned. She pulled open one of the frames and leaned out. She could see the outer ward, with soldiers marching, others standing and several children running across. One of the guards looked up and noticed her. She casually waved down on him and he bowed, clearly made happier by the sight of her without any garments blocking the view. 

But just then a pair of hands cupped her breasts from behind. 

"Good morning" Amy's voice came to her ears. She smiled. The girl was indeed all hers "Don't lean out too much, they'll see you naked" she added a moment later, with a tiny bit of concern in her voice.

"Let them see" she laughed but pulled back inside either way "I've got nothing to hide"

Amy blushed and looked down. Her face gave a clear indication that she agreed.

Nymsya leaned in and pulled the girl's chin up, pulling her into a kiss. 

"I've got important stuff to do and I am sure you do as well." she smiled and looked over the girl's shoulder "And show our gratitude to our host"

Amy smirked and nodded "As you wish my lady"

There it was. Plain as a day. Nymsya would have to make her stop saying that, in case she said the words in front of other people. 

Promptly and with the helf of the servant girl she got dressed and left the chamber. Two people gained for her cause, way more was needed. 

~~~

Amy woke up due to a cold wind from the opened window. She looked upon the lady she spent the night sleeping with and her eyes filled with awe. She saw the naked behind while the lady leaned out, clearly enjoying the view. 

A vile thought crossed her mind. She didn't want anybody else to look upon her lady. Of course the lady could do as she wished, but for now, she wanted to enjoy her body herself. But then the thought went away and another thought followed.

She stood up quietly, leaving the naked stableboy to snore some more. She crossed the room and enveloped her hands on the body of the lady, grasping those lovely orbs of hers. 

She enjoyed brushing against her skin while she helped the lady get dressed and she kissed her on the way out, her hands kneading the lovely behind. But then she left.

Amy looked out of the opened window. She considered leaning out, but knowing the lady leaned out before, she decided against it. It would be the best if as little people knew about them spending the night together the better. 

She climbed back into the bed. She pulled all the covers on herself, revealing the stableboy in his full nakedness. Suddenly she became interested in him again. He was clearly a stableboy and his skin showed it. But he also showed signs of muscles. And also the meat he had was larger than she expected him to have. Of course she didn't have a whole lot to compare it to but it was certainly larger than she imagined. It was also semi-hard as she looked at it. 

She never had a chance to examine a penis this close. Men were always rushing forward and wouldn't give her the time to look. It was a weird organ, she thought. So out of place. And the testicles...they moved on their own. She was suddenly reminded of drawings of monsters with their brain exposed and this was exactly how those looked. Or at least how they remembered them. 

She chuckled and reached out with her hand, poking it. It wasn't as hard as the night before, but it obviously wasn't soft either. She looked back at his face to check if he still slept, but his snoring should've been the obvious factor there.

She grabbed the full cock and held it upwards. It looked good, she had to admit. Too good. She could feel it hardening in her hands by the second. The boy moaned something, but continued sleeping.

She tossed the cover away and straddled across his body. It's been a while since she had a cock in herself so she started slow. She was already wet, but still she was careful. She knew damn well how these things hurt if one was too quick or too rough. At start anyways. Slowly she descended onto the length, only to stop and stay like that for a short while. Inch by inch she descended again, feeling more and more filled by the second, soft moans escaping her mouth trying to release her excitement. Ever since she met the woman, she felt a tremble inside her underbelly and she couldn't quite put her finger on the why. The cock helped release that, if only a little bit.

Finally it was all in. She let herself sit down onto his legs, but that woke him up. 

"Wha-" he was about to ask but she quickly silenced him with her hand. She was having none talk right then.

"Stay quiet or this ends!" For some reason, this had the opposite effect than she thought it would and she felt his cock inside her harden even more. He nodded and clearly his eyes savoured every bit of her pale body.

But then the door smashed open "Nobody move!"