 Amy quickly spun on the cock, only to see a guard with his sword raised. 

"I said nobody move!" he screamed and scanned the room. Both sets of eyes have stayed on him. After a moment he determined that nobody else was in the room and his eyes rested on Amy and then Garry. 

Amy gulped. She recognized him. During the procession of the princess's convoy, she stopped next to him while the various important people of the convoy were introduced. He slapped her butt. She kneed him in the crotch.

"Well, well, well, if it isn't the feisty girl and her boyfriend." the stableboy wasn't her boyfriend but that didn't matter then. What did matter was the fact that she was naked. And he had a sword.

A vile grin appeared on the guard's face "I'll spend a while here" he shouted back into the corridor and shut the door behind himself. He approached the bed. His sight went down her body, not even bothering to hide his interests. He looked at the stableboy. Amy followed her gaze. Compared to the guard, the stableboy was scrawny. He had muscles but he was thin. And naked like her. Exposed.

The guard suddenly grabbed her hair and yanked her off the boy. The boy's cock remained hard still, Amy noticed. Sometimes she noticed the weirdest details. 

He pulled her off the bed and she fell onto her back, but he kept holding her. He bent over until he was only inches away from her face. She smelled booze "Not so feisty now, are you?" 

He let go off her hair and she sighed in relief. Then he smacked her in the face. Hard. His gauntlet came off and he smacked her again and again. She refused to move, but her whole face hurt. Then he finally let go of the gauntlet, sheathed his sword and took down the other and dropped it as well.

He grabbed her by the throat and pulled her up, forcing her to get on her knees. She grasped for air and he laughed "This isn't fun if you stay silent you know" he said and smacked her again with an open palm. She looked to the side. 

"I'll take that as approval then" he said smugly and his hand slid to her perky breast. Her nipple was hard but she wasn't enjoying this. She felt the rough skin of his hand on her delicate skin. She tried to look at the stableboy but she couldn't raise her sight.

The guard however saw where she is trying to look. 

"Oh him?" He asked and let go of her. He stood up and approached the bed once more, rising his sword and pointing at the stable boy vaguely "Maybe this will get you to cooperate."

"Don't!" she yelled suddenly. She didn't even think about it. She didn't hold feelings for him, but she didn't want him to get harmed. 

"Or what?" the guard asked and the sword's tip gently pecked into the stable boy's exposed ribs.

Amy was quiet. He was not her boyfriend. She didn't hold any feelings towards him. But yet she felt weirdly bonded to him.

"But seems like he is enjoying this." the guard said and the sword's tip found its way to his member "Surely you wouldn't want pride this big to be taken away" he continued.

Amy couldn't take it "Don't harm him!" she yelled again, tears in her eyes. She was looking into stable boy's eyes as if apologizing. Even though she didnt have a thing to apologize for.

The guard sheathed the sword again. He turned to Amy and unbuckled his pants. Another cock entered the sight of the ginger girl, this one way closer than she'd like it.

"Now open your mouth, you wench, or your boyfriend will be your girlfriend tomorrow." his voice lowered. Her eyes didn't leave the ugly cock. It wasn't the fact that it was that much different from the boy's. But she had no desire for this one. Her stomach churned. And she opened her mouth.

He wasn't at all nice. The smelly cock forced its way inside her mouth. She gagged immediately, but his hands landed on the back of her head and held her in place. She was grateful it wasn't a big cock, because she could feel it going all the way to her throat and stopping there. If it was half an inch longer...

But then he started fucking her mouth. She closed her eyes as tears streamed from them. She felt her saliva spreading on her chin while the guard went to town on her poor mouth. She wanted to scream, to bite his cock off but she knew she couldn't. She just had to take the cock forcing in again and again, taste the putrid taste and have the awful smell enter her nose. She was ready to vomit.

He stopped. He smacked her across her face again.

"Open your eyes wench!" he ordered. 

She obeyed. She followed the finger pointing towards the bed "See, your boyfriend is enjoying this more than I am." he said and the stableboy blushed. His hands were all down on his business, still in motion on it. 

She couldn't believe it. She wiped the saliva from her mouth and was about to speak, when his hands again grabbed her hair and this time the meat got pushed against her face. 

The testicles of his were now forced against her lips and she knew just what he expected her to do.

~~~

The succubus had to leave quickly. She felt the guards inspecting rooms. If one of them entered the room, she'd likely be able to seduce him, but if they worked in pairs it would be a risk she wasn't willing to take. 

She'd like to stay in the room and toyed with her subjects. After a night with her, they'd be pent up with lust. She loved having them like that. But alas, that would have to wait. She needed more subjects. Guards in general wouldn't be easy as they were rarely alone. And now they stood everywhere so she had to rely on more tricks.

Her steps took her down towards the kitchens. She was able to avoid the patrols on the way, but the entrance to the kitchens was guarded. She adjusted her cleavage and strolled into the corridor.

Her hips moved from side to side, swaying with her steps and her thighs rubbed against each other beneath the sacky clothes she wore. 

"Where are you going?" one of the guards asked, not even looking in her way. The door was barred by their weapons. 

"A woman has to eat. These curves don't form themselves." her voice was honey. One of the guards peeked just for a second. Normal person wouldn't catch it, but she wasn't even a person. "My daughter is terribly hungry. We slept in the cold for the sixth day in the row." she pleaded more.

"There are inns outside the castle. The kitchen is off limits." the guards were having none of that.

"The king's men are everywhere, they wouldn't let me enter the inn" she knew it was true. With so many people in the castle, the guards were the safest choice to push out into the city. And she knew that no inn would bother letting in beggars when there's king's men to pull gold from.

And they knew it too "That doesn't allow you to enter the kitchens" one of them said, way less threateningly.

She leaned forward and spoke in hardly more than a whisper "if you let me in, I'll make the evening worth it to you both". Her chest pushed against their forearms. 

The guards shared a look. She had them.

"Alright, but we have to make sure you have no weapons on you." one of them said, trying to hide a smirk. Their hands were quick to grope and squeeze her folds, trying to find concealed weapons in all kinds of places. Finally they were through and smiling. They stepped aside and let her in.

She stepped through and bowed, letting them one final glance into her cleavage. It would be easy to get them under her control, but with them guarding the kitchens, they likely weren't high in the guard hierarchy. She also had to be careful about having too many enamored subjects planted in the vicinity of the princess. After all she was a mage. One bad step and she'd be fully aware.

She stepped through the kitchens, grabbing bits of meat she found and eating them raw. But that wasn't why she was there. It was just past breakfast and the cooks would be busy making lunch for all of the castle and their visitors. And that meant rush, yelling and chaos. And cook apprentices slacking off.

She heard yelling and followed the sound. Next came a sound of a plate breaking and then a slap. More yelling. She stopped at a doorway and peeked through. An old cook was beating a young apprentice who was crying. And these people were supposed to be better than demons, she thought. She left the doorway and followed the corridor. She noticed a low door leading into a pantry. She heard muffled talk inside.

She slowly opened the door. As she expected. Two apprentices, a girl and a boy stuffing their mouths. Two pairs of eyes oggled her with a hidden plea. She entered and closed the door behind her. Slowly, avoiding any sound by it.

"Cozy in here, isn't it?" she asked and the two of them wordlessly nodded. The two of them were about the age of Amy, although way less graciously looking. After all they weren't personal assistants to the princess. 

"So...who are you?" finally the boy asked.

She smiled. She never had an answer ready. But one always sprung to her mind "I was sent here by the princess to get her some treats." she smirked "Not officially of course."

They looked at each other. A silent agreement took place and quickly they started grabbing snacks from all over the small pantry. Nymsya watched them work. The girl had long black hair and wore a long skirt with a shirt that'd be too large for a butcher. The boy was a bit on the fat side with a blonde balding head. Something felt off about them.

Then she noticed it. Two small wet puddles near where they were sitting. Two chalk counters, one equalling to two, the other to three. And...a carrot.

"you two...what were you doing in here?" she asked curiously and they both froze midstep. 

They stayed silent.

She sighed. She knew she wouldn't get anything from them like that and she had to start somewhere.

"Alright, I'll start" she said sounding almost annoyed. She pulled the cleavage down until her breasts popped out. 

Both the boy and the girl stared at her chest. She could see the temptation she was putting into their minds. "Don't you want to touch?"

Like one they nodded. They came close and almost bumped heads as they reached out, each grasping one of her boobs as if they were going to explode if they pressed them too tight. 

She chuckled. Her own hands grabbed the breasts over their hands and pressed them. They nearly screamed from the shock. She let go again and instead grabbed their chins and pulled them upwards, forcing them to look at her. 

She leaned forward and kissed the girl. Lustfully. The girl was shocked at first, but then reciprocated. Hands of both still massaging her shapely breasts. 

Finally Nymsya broke the kiss with the girl and leaned towards the boy. He was way more eager and rough, but Nymsya liked it. His fingers dug into her skin more and the succubus had to break the kiss much more decisively to get away.

"So now... What was happening here before I came in?" she asked of the pair. They were already blushing both, but also breathing hard now and quite obviously turned on. 

"We.." the girl started but then turned her gaze to the ground. 

"We were watching each other masturbate and counted how many times we could over a day" the boy finally blurted out.

The succubus laughed "And that's what you are embarrassed about?" she asked still amused.

The two of them shared a look and started laughing as well. 

She almost had them. They were young. Virgins likely. She only needed a little more to capture them in her power. 

"I'll help you then..." she said and pulled them in close.

The two of them got back to massaging her breasts, sucking on her nipples. Their hands on their genitals, helping themselves get off. And her hands joined them. She grasped the cock and split the pussy. Rhythmically she jerked the boy while lightly fingering the girl. She didn't wanna be too rough. Besides, the two of them were nearly done already.

And then they started kissing. They switched hands and assisted each other. 

Still in an embrace with the succubus they kissed and came close to each other. They spasmed in her grasp, silencing each other with their dirty hands. 

Easy prey for the demoness. Their servitude would be assured. And having two pairs of hands in her employ near the food that would be served was an important weapon. But one she had to be extra careful with.

She lied there with them. But then it came. A sharp pain in her head. One of her pupils had been in danger. Two even. She needed to get back and quickly. 

She kissed the duo quickly and left the pantry the way she entered it. Unseen.

~~~

When she entered the room, it was quite a mess. The stable boy was masturbating in the bed. There were pants on the ground in the middle of the room. Guard's pants. 

And then there was the guard in the corner, raping Amy's mouth and not even being nice about it. 

Nymsya quickly crossed the room. The occupants were too busy doing what they did. She didn't even attempt to be stealthy when she pulled the guard's sword free and poked him in the back with it.

"Let the girl be!" she ordered. As busy as he was a moment ago, he was quick to let go "Good boy."she commended. 

Amy wiped her face with the back of her hand, making it more messy than cleaning it and spat out at the invader. Disgusted she crossed to the window and stood by it, not knowing what to do next.

"Now then, who are you?" she asked of the guard, poking him from the side and forcing him to turn. She knew damn well who he was but she wanted him to explain himself. 

"I...I was sent to search for unwelcome guests" he stammered out and eyed the pants lying on the ground just behind Nymsya.

"Did you find any?" she asked.

The guard was confused "N..No"

And a slash with the sword followed, causing a nasty gash on his forearm "Then why did you attack my girl?!" she yelled angrily. All of her subjects were like children to her. It didn't matter that she only met her last night. The bond went both ways.

She didn't wait for an answer. "Masturbate." 

He didn't. Another slash followed, piercing the skin on his belly.

"I said masturbate!" 

And so he did. 

It didn't go well. Apparently his arousal was strongly repelled by the aggression turned against him.

But she waited, so he did the motions. But his body wouldn't cooperate. 

His eyes started to wander. First he saw the stableboy, sitting amusedly on the edge of his bed, his pride still hard and between his fingers. 

He avoided looking at the demoness. That wouldn't help at all. 

But then he saw the girl, sitting on the window frame. Masturbating. Grasping her own breasts. And watching him through tears in her eyes. 

And suddenly his body could.

~ 

Amy couldn't understand. She loathed the man. She wanted to beg the lady to stab him. Cause pain to him before killing him. She loathed the pig that hurt her and threatened the boy. 

But there she was, watching him and masturbating. Not to the idea of him getting hurt. Not to the idea of his body or what he did to her. Not to anything in particular. 

But her lust overwhelmed her and she needed to masturbate. 

~~ 

Nymsya smiled. As soon as the guard came, he was hers as well. Five subjects already. 

She could start putting a plan in motion.