 Morning went great. All of her pupils were exhausted from the previous day. Apparently lust takes a toll.

The guard - Jim - returned to his guard post with a slight smile, a signal well received by the others and he wasn't found. 

Stable boy awkwardly shuffled himself out to the stables, but not without receiving a vial with instructions from Nymsya. 

Amy went back to the princess to be her personal assistant, as was expected of her. 

Meanwhile Nymsya had to work out the details of her plan. With the added guards in the corridors it wouldn't be as easy to move back and forth through the castle and observe daily routines of the normal people. She could utilize her pupils, especially Jim, for that, but she didn't want them acting suspicious either. 

No. It was time for a more direct approach. 

On that day, the ladies of both courts were invited for a wine tasting with the happy couple in the royal gardens. And the succubus simply had to be there. 

~~ 

The sun was high up in the sky. The gardens were simply swarming with ladies in all kinds of dresses. And amid them a demoness in a beautiful red and white puffy dress featuring a deep cleavage. She couldn't go grander lest she would be too obvious, but even so she was nearly rivaling the princess. On top of that, she wore an enamoring perfume, so powerful that even the older ladies were turning their heads at her when they caught a whiff.

Through painfully slow tradition, the happy couple showed off the gardens and statues and special trees planted there to the ladies, who in turn endlessly complimented, awwed and ooh-ed each and every one shown. 

At the end, hard to say if meant as a reward, there was large table with a small cask full of wine. The ladies formed a largely disorderly line, while the prince and princess to be pored the wine together, switching the roles with each pouring. The tradition's reason was lost on Nymsya's demonic brain, but she played along, standing in the line, acting like a proper lady. 

When it was finally her turn, it was the prince's time to hand her the freshly poured wine. As she was reaching for it, she intentionally overreached and scratched him with her nail, getting a bit of his skin stuck under it. 

"Oh my god, I am so sorry" she exclaimed in a true lady-like fashion, seemingly accidentally hitting the wine cup in his hands. He, being the perfect gentleman, caught the cup while spilling only the tiniest amount of wine, why of course directly into her cleavage. 

"No please, let me!" he quickly responded and grabbed a napkin and didn't waste a second getting all up in her business. Looking over his shoulder, Nymsya could see pure jealousy in the princess's eyes, but she pretended everything is okay. Nymsya was also sure the ladies of the court behind her had a similar look on their faces. What followed was several awkward seconds of the prince clumsily groping the demoness's rack with a tissue. 

"Thank you" she blushed and curtsied after the cleaning was finally done and grabbed her cup, following the rest of the ladies and joining their mundane discussions about the strength and sweetness of the wine. She couldn't step out of line too much this close to the princess after all. 

The prince seemingly oblivious to the impropriety of the whole situation continued with the pouring of the wine alongside his now a bit irked wife to be.

~~

She was finally back in the stable boy's room in the afternoon. She put away the piece of the prince's skin into a bowl. When the time came, she would be able to use it to take on his form for a few minutes and get close to the princess. She would absolutely see right through it the moment she saw the disguised demoness, but the guards wouldn't. 

There was a knock on the door. Nymsya quickly checked herself and then answered.

"Mistress? It's me, Amy...I don't have much time" Amy said as she entered. She was flustered.

"Yes child?" the demoness asked.

"The princess...she is angry and threatening the prince... Did you do anything to them?"

Nymsya kept silent and nodded "Nothing too dangerous though." 

Amy scoffed "Well the princess is furious, throwing stuff around, screaming at him, saying he is a cheater and that it wasn't part of the deal" 

Nymsya actually laughed and relaxed "For a moment there I thought you'd tell me she knows about me...no, this result is fine my child. Now run on back to her." she leaned in and gave Amy a kiss on the cheek. She however turned her head and kissed her lips, smartly entering her mouth. Nymsya smiled and pulled back, breaking the kiss and for just a second leaving a strand of saliva hanging between them. 

Amy blushed "I...I am sorry, it's just getting to me so much" as her eyes were clearly still enamored by the succubus's chest.

"I know...we'll have fun in the evening tonight. Just hold on until then" she promised and patted the redhead's butt on the way out. 

That was one child completely in her control.

Soon, another knock came. 

This time it was the guard. 

"My duty has ended and I need to talk" he briefly said before she opened the door. 

He forcefully shut the door and locked it behind him. 

"What did you do to me?" he asked and before she could answer he continued "I've always been horny all day but not like this, not this... un-resistably." he said and sat down on the edge of bed "I had to go and masturbate three times today and I still feel pent up." 

She almost laughed. He was nearly concerned. 

"I didn't do anything" she smiled and her voice was sweet as honey "I only released what was blocked inside you" she said the technical truth.

He worked on that in his tiny little brain. She could almost see the wheels in his head go around. 

But then he snapped with a grin in his face. A grin she knew pretty well. She chose not to defend herself. She chose to let him have it, at least she'd have a tighter leash on him later.

And so he grabbed her. Pushed her back against a wall. Slapped her, once, twice, thrice. 

Tore the dress off her revealing a tight corset underneath, which was holding her bust up and together. He tore that one too. 

His hand gripped her neck. She pretended to struggle. The other hand gripped one of her breasts, squeezed it, pulled at it. His face got all too close. He kissed, licked, bit into her lips, cheeks and neck. 

He slapped her breasts before groping them again, harder. 

He twisted her wrist, forcing her to turn around. He pushed her hard against the wall. She felt her breasts hurting from how tightly they were packed against the cold wall. At least she had an excuse for why her nipples were pointies. 

She felt his body push against hers. She heard and felt his heavy breathing right into her ear. His teeth bit into her earlobe. She felt him grind against her ass, his hard cock pushing on her soft exposed skin through his clothes. 

His fingers were forced between her thighs. Her panties were barely a barrier and very soon they were pushed aside and her wetness was found and exploited by his filthy fingers. And then they were replaced by something harder, wider, longer. His cock went up her snatch spreading her and filling her to the brim. Then he pulled back and pushed back in, harder. She felt his balls hit her lower lips. Again and again he entered her, slamming her against the wall only to pull back and go back in faster. 

Fat blobs of juices were dripping from her wet cunt. With heavy grunts, he kept shoving it in harder and deeper, forcing a moan or two to escape her lips pressed against the wall. With a final heavy and intense grunt he came. She felt his warm cum shoot deep inside her and she felt how his energy was leaving him in the process. 

He was still holding her though and his cock was still twitching inside her pussy. She could push him away at any moment but she wasn't entirely against the arrangement. She loved the feel of a hot cock that deep inside her, not moving, not stirring, just letting go.

But then she felt something else. A magical energy deep inside him. 

"That bitch..." she uttered before her own corrupting magic finally encountered the magical safeguard put in place by the princess. 

As suddenly as she felt the safeguard, it snapped, refilling him with energy. He was already corrupted so much by her power, that this newfound energy only really had one outlet.

The strength of his grip increased. His muscles swelled, his fingers dug into the skin on her arms and then he tossed her across a table. Before she could say anything, cast a spell or even turn around, he was upon her, forcing himself inside her again. His hands held onto her hair, pulling her torso back up a bit, forcing her to lift the heavy breasts she wore up off the table. This time there was no slow start, buildup of thrusting or even consideration for her or his health and well being. There was only lust, and her body was his only cure.

He held onto her hair and her hip, bit into her skin and hammered away for who knows how long. With every thrust, her breasts jiggled, swayed and bounced back to hit her chest again. To her it seemed like his cock was an iron rod inside her, bruising her caverns as if he meant to destroy them. His hands occasionally moved hit her ass, grope her breast or simply to get a better grip. She felt him cum time and time again, overfilling her and then making it spill everywhere through the continuous assault. But none of those times have made him stop. 

At one point the table holding her up broke. In her mind she laughed. Were she a mortal woman, she would probably break sooner than the table did. But that didn't stop him. He forced her head into the floor and pulled her ass up, fucking her into the ground. For the first time since coming into the mortal world, Nymsya didn't feel in control of the situation. Her magic was unusable while she was being used in this manner and even then, his mind was unreachable because of the safeguard. All she could hope for was his energy to finally deplete. Unlike him however, that wasn't coming.

He became bored with only her pussy though and switched to the other hole. Her anus was tight, untouched and most importantly undefended. And then the cock broke in. Faster than she thought possible it wasn't as tight anymore. And then it was filled with all kinds of mixed juices between them. And of course cock. 

By then, her head was pressed against the bed's front board and even though she wasn't about to confess that, she was certainly enjoying the situation, other than not being in control. Or maybe because of that. Her ass and pussy were sore and still being used actively. She was blanking out in a few of those moments, but then opening of the door took her back in.

There in those open doors stood the stable boy Garry. Mouth open wider than the door, cock visibly poking through his peasant pants. 

She was about to say something, but then a rough hand gripped her by the neck and forced her to sit on the ground next to the bed. And the next thing she knew, there was a cock forcing itself into her mouth. She felt it enter and then push against her throat and then repeat it again, much like it had earlier only with a different hole. 

She didn't see or know when Garry moved to her or when he stripped, but then she saw him next to the guard, fondling her breasts and jerking his cock. 

Pretty soon his confidence got even higher and he pointed his cock at her mouth from an angle, while the other cock was deep in her mouth still. The guard actually let go and let the stable boy have a round in her mouth. 

At first, his cock was dry, but she had enough saliva built up from before that there were no problems. His cock was also bigger, so forcing it in didn't go quite so easily as the one before. She felt her teeth scraping on his skin, but he didn't seem to mind. He was much less rough however. He moved slowly in, only barely reaching her throat before going back out. With every stroke and thrust his gusto increased and slowly he was getting rougher and rougher, almost matching Jim soon.

But then her head was forced back again and onto the first cock. And back again and onto the stable boy's cock. This back and forth went for a while, until she felt her saliva all over her mouth, neck and chest. She used her hands to force them both back a little and took a breather. She looked up on them and both their faces were lost in lust. Their eyes swallowing her form and the vile act. Good, she thought. Let them have this. 

She let go of her hands and suddenly there were two cocks being forced against her lips at once. Slowly she opened them and let the cocktips in, licking against them, mixing their cum and pre-cum together, finally getting some very low level of control back. She opened her mouth more. They spread it way more, to the point where it was beginning to hurt. 

They didn't even get in deep, maybe halfway of the shafts but her mouth was full, her tongue pressed under them. She felt tears going down her cheeks again. And then they both came. They filled her mouth with warm cum. She couldn't refuse it, or even swallow it gracefully. She could only accept some of it would go directly into her throat and some would come out, spilling over her chin, tits and the rest of her form.

And then the door opened again. 

In stood Amy, shocked. She got a grin on her face and she shut the door. All Nymsya could see was that she was stripping, before those two cocks began to pound at her mouth again.