 Kristasia, formerly a slave less than a day ago and now the wife of a demon god, paused as she entered her new husband's bedroom with him. She had escaped her wrathful master, a horde of demon soldiers, and a twisted creature half man and half spider, but after agreeing to spend forever with him, she was fairly certain there would be no escaping the demon god. She'd never been with a man before, but from what she'd seen during her life as a slave, it wasn't good. Being that he was a demon god and not a mortal man, she wasn't so sure what to expect of her wedding night. 

"You mentioned that there was more to marrying a god than what happened earlier," she stated, her eyes upon the bed as she faced away from him. 

"Yes. It requires a special sort of... consummation," he replied. 

"All marriages are consummated with sex. That is nothing special." 

"Ah, but a different sort of sex," was his enigmatic response as he strode past her and hopped into the bed. 

"How many different sorts are there?" she demanded, her limited experience making her even more nervous than she had been before. 

"Well... there are good sorts, great sorts, terrible sorts, bad sorts, mediocre sorts, strange sorts, and downright weird sorts, the sort that are weird, even to me," he replied. "But you shouldn't worry. This will be the amazing sort. Perhaps something more comfortable as you join me in bed?" 

She looked down to find herself wearing a sheer black gown that barely covered her breasts and came just short of her upper thighs. 

"I'm clothed, I suppose, yet I still feel the urge to cover myself," she commented uneasily. 

"Cover yourself with the sheets, in my bed, and please, do refrain yourself from looking for sharp weapons as you come," he mocked. 

"Should I find any, you'll be the first to know," she replied darkly as she crept to the edge of the bed, pulled back the satin sheets, and joined him. 

"Lay on your stomach, if you would, and I shall give you a very nice massage as I explain just a few small details to you," Daedronus said as he perched himself on his elbow beside her. 

Slowly Kristasia turned to lay on her stomach, resting her head upon the pillow. The demon god's hand slipped beneath the nearly nonexistent nightgown and fell upon her skin in a way that brought a sigh from her throat. His large hand, warm and heavy, slowly began to massage away every ache and knot from the base of her skull to the small of her back. Knowing fingers kneaded up her neck, across her shoulders, and down both arms before making their way down her spine. She arched her back involuntarily and small chill bumps formed on her skin. No one had ever touched her this way. She'd never had a backrub, or really very many pleasant touches at all in her life. 

"There are many different types of bonds that souls may have. I already have a bond with your soul as it was, once, a part of mine. All souls share this common bond. However, there are deeper bonds that some souls form, often without even knowing it. These bonds usually take years in the mortal realm, or some small form of magic. The bond between a parent and child is usually formed upon the child's birth and it bonds the souls in a family bond. The bond between soul mates, which usually starts between simple lovers, is much more complex. Even a bond of mastership can form naturally over time between two souls, though it's usually formed through the magic spells of sorcerers who bind other souls to servitude. It is, however, the bond of lovers I wish to form with your soul. I shall form it now, rather quickly, with magic rather than time. Brash, I know, but I've spent my existence waiting and I don't wish to wait for this," the demon god explained as he continued to rub her muscles into complacence.  

"What do you propose?" she asked softly, only truly half listening as she drowned in the bliss of his hands. 

"I shall bind my soul to yours, and yours to mine. If you die, I will die. If I die, you will die. You will feel all that I feel, and I will feel all that you feel. You will know my thoughts and my heart as surely as I shall know yours. I shall say a vow to you and you shall say one to me. We will make love, and when we are through, the bond will be complete and you, my darling, shall have your forever," he whispered softly into her ear. 

His warm breath on her skin sent a small shiver down her spine as he continued to caress the skin of her back. 

"Can you actually die?" she asked softly, tilting her head closer as his soft lips brushed the top of her ear. 

"Sort of. Theoretically," he replied. "Now you should repeat the words I say to you. I will be yours forever, until the world does decay. I will never love another, for as long as I may. My heart is yours, as your heart is mine. So shall it be until the end of all time." 

"That sounds like a poem," she whispered. 

"All magic is poetic and all poems are magic. Now repeat it," he urged. 

So Kristasia did. 

"Now let me show you something, the likes of which you've yet to see," he whispered softly into her ear before kissing it. 

All of her worry and hesitation seemed to ease away, and whether or not this was of his doing, Kristasia knew only that she felt suddenly at ease with him. His lips sucked in the top of her ear and his tongue slid along the rim of it and down to her lobe. Hot breath tickled her neck and she drew in air at the sweet sensation. He nibbled and nuzzled his way down her ear, slowly satisfying every inch of skin he touched. His expert hand massaged lower and she barely noticed he was now caressing her perfectly soft and rounded bottom. Nor did she realize that all clothing had vanished from the vicinity. 

For what seemed like an eternity all Kristasia felt was the sweet touch of his lips feathering her neck with kisses, taking in her skin and stroking it with his tongue, and his hot breath rolling over her like the welcome warmth of a cozy fire. She didn't notice her body pressing into his, squirming against him, or the sound of her own gasps, or the burn of her flesh. Then his hand had descended even further and as he cupped her soft bottom, his finger slid effortlessly into the moisture hidden between the upper reaches of her thighs. 

The cry she let out then was loud enough that even she heard it as her back arched and her body shuddered. Only then did she notice she was burning up, her mouth was dry, her heart was pounding, and her head was swimming with an intoxicating buzz beyond anything she'd ever felt. Her nether regions, which had never before been subjected to this sort of feeling, clenched tightly around his finger as moisture slowly eased out. 

"Do you like that?" he whispered softly, his very breath making her jerk as he slowly withdrew his finger, teasing her inner walls as he did. 

"Please," she moaned, her own voice foreign to her. 

"Please what?" he whispered as his finger left her, but remained to tickle her drenched outer lips. 

Truthfully, she had no idea what she was asking for, but the burning heat within her, no matter how wonderful, demanded relief. Kristasia had never touched herself before, but a part of her wanted to now. She wanted to slid her own fingers inside and continue the blissful passion he had ignited to its full potential. 

"Certainly not, my sweet," he whispered to her. "I'm not nearly done." 

With a grace and ease that was perfectly natural, Daedronus rolled her onto her side and left her almost unaware that he'd moved her at all. Then his lips descended on hers in a slow and graceful manner. To start, his kisses fell like feathers and she drew close to him, demanding more. Her hands pressed against his chest, feeling the firm, muscled body of a man for the first time. It was only then that she noticed his skin was burning as well. 

His kisses came faster and stayed longer as he dragged his lips across hers in a slow and teasing manner. His tongue came in, the very tip entering her swollen, willing lips. His hand trailed down her side and his thumb brushed across her hard, budding nipples. She moaned into his lips as they covered her in a deeper kiss and his tongue slid into her just as slowly and wonderfully as his finger hand. He cupped her breast, just the perfect fit to his large hand, and drew slow circles around her begging nipple. His thumb finally settled lightly upon it and as she squirmed against him, he teased it softly. 

Her own hands trailed lower, exploring him and feeling as hard muscles tensed and rippled beneath her search fingertips. Then she came across his hard, waiting organ, pressing into her belly. She gripped it softly and ran her fingers up and down, exploring every inch, from its firm base to its moist head. His kisses became harder and she heard him let out his own soft moan. 

Kristasia couldn't help but imagine how wonderful that part of him would feel, sliding into her swollen lips as his finger had. It would fit so perfectly, snug against each wall, and stroke her insides as it went far deeper than even his lengthy finger could. At the thought of him filling her, his thumb still caressing her stiff nipple, and his tongue stroking hers, a shudder ran through her entire body. 

In an instant every muscle in her body tensed up and she cried out against him as the muscles released in a spasm. Her entire body jerked as wave after wave of powerful sensation overwhelmed her. The pleasure was so intense, it was nearly painful, but far better than any pain she'd ever felt. For a moment all she could do was hold him as she cried out and her body remained beyond control. His movements slowed and he held her as she shuddered in his arms, stroking her spine softly. 

"The sounds you make are so sweet," he whispered to her as her she regained control of her voice and her muscles finally relaxed, weak from her pleasure. 

"That was..." she started breathlessly, but words seemed far beyond her grasp. 

"Only the beginning," he chuckled softly, his eyes alight with a wicked grin. 

"You..." she tried to start again. 

"I'm far from done," he replied. 

He rolled her over more so that she lay on her back and leaned over her to lay a feather kiss upon her nipple as he cupped her breast. She sucked in her breath as her head fell back against the pillow. Daedronus leaned over her more fully and kissed her other nipple which had since been pressed against the bed. He swirled his tongue around it, pulling back as she arched her back, so as to only tickle and tease. Already the heat was returning to her and her breasts swelled against his tongue. 

Again the heat and the pleasure began to build and she thought that she could take no more of his soft, slow kisses and his gentle caressing tongue. Then he moved down lower, kissing a trail down her stomach and laying down between her thighs. Another cry tore itself from her throat and her hands moved to play in his silken black hair as his lips feathered kisses upon her swollen mound. Again she craved something to fill her, but her empty muscle clenched around nothing as she arched her hips against his teasing mouth. 

The tip of his tongue slowly stroked her up and down and her stomach dropped as she sucked in breath with every stroke. She moved her hips against him, begging for more pressure, more strokes, and wishing that it would never end. Though her flesh was swollen almost painfully and she burned for that spasm of release, she felt as though she could have stayed in this pleasure drunk state with him forever. Then, finally, he slowed his caressing tongue even more and her hips jerked violently beneath him. 

He laid a single, deep kiss and sucked on her until she was overcome with spasms, even more violently than before. Her thighs squeezed him tightly and her hands gripped his hair. She cried out again, her scream not muffled by his gentle mouth this time. His mouth did not leave her flesh and continued to suck and nibble until every last spasm had left her and she lay beneath him in a sweat, unable to move and barely able to breathe. 

"Still not done," he told her rather proudly as he moved to lay beside her again. 

"I'll die," she gasped, thinking that her weak muscles could not handle another spasm like that. 

"Then so shall I and the world shall end," he replied, smiling down at her. "At least we'll die happy." 

He gave her not another minute to recover before his fingers moved to massage her still swollen mound. They glided across the film of moisture on her aching lips and tickled the soft flesh between them. Then, with moisture they collected, the stroked back up to her aching mound, still slick from the wetness of his tongue. She shuddered, and though the heat was slower to return and her muscles felt like jelly, they began to tense again. 

"Please, I can't take anymore," she begged even as her hips moved against him. 

"Oh, but don't you want to feel me?" he teased her softly as he pressed his hard length against her thigh. 

She moaned at the thought of his thick, long organ filling her. Her nether muscles clenched at the suggestion, still unsatisfied despite her many long spasms. A much deeper part of her that she'd never felt before clenched within her belly, craving the feeling of his touch. Her hand moved almost unthinkingly to his hard phallus and gripped it, her fingertips unable to meet around his thick shaft. As her hand moved to his rounded head, the thought of it pressing into her, parting her clenched muscles, brought back every inch of swelling and all the burning heat of her flesh. 

"I thought as much," he whispered as his fingers continued to stroke over her swollen mound. 

Then, once again he had slipped a single finger down between her slippery lips as far as it would go. He tickled her insides and she shuddered beneath him. 

"Please," she begged again. 

"Please what?" he asked as he pressed his finger down into her again. 

"Please give it to me," she cried as she gripped him and turned her hips towards him. 

"Oh," he moaned, both in pleasure and in mock enlightenment. "Is that what you want? How could I deny such a sweet request?" 

He shifted to lay on top of her, his hips between her perfect thighs and the head of his organ positioned against her desperate lips. His length twitched against her, his head rubbing her slick opening and drawing out another shudder. 

"Please," she repeated desperately as she pressed her hips against him, even as he pulled back. 

"This part will hurt a bit, sweet one. You must be ready," he warned her as he eased his head into her swollen flesh, but despite her arching hips, refused her enter her fully. 

"I'm ready!" she cried heatedly as he continued to tease her pleading opening with the promise of fulfillment. 

"As you wish," he whispered, his own voice heated and his dark eyes dusky. 

He eased his head into her opening, every inch satisfying the grip of her aching muscles. They clenched around him as his head submerged fully within her swollen lips. He drew back slightly and she sucked in air as he did, a cry forming in her throat. Then he pressed back in, just enough to submerge his swollen tip. Her muscles tensed and she could feel the building spasm. She arched against him, every muscle tight, begging to feel his fullness in her before her muscles spasmed again, empty. Then, at the last possible moment, he leaned back into her, every inch of his long, thick, hard organ filling her. 

Though Kristasia was vaguely aware of the sharp, tearing pain of her virginity, she was far more away of the satisfaction of the aching spot within her finally being touched. She cried out again, spasms wracking her body. He continued to thrust himself into her over and over again, bringing more spasms and holding her tightly as she jerked and cried beneath him. He made noises of his own, though she was mostly unaware of his deep gravelly moans, being entirely overtaken by the overwhelming rush of deafening, blinding, dumbing pleasure. It only began to slow for her when his thrusts became faster, more demanding, and as her muscles clenched tightly around him one final time, she felt his body do as hers just had. 

The demon god gave his own deep cry as his muscles tensed. He held her tightly as his own body spasmed against hers. Her arms were wrapped around him and she held him to her, her fingertips aware of the shudders running down his spine. Suddenly she was overcome with another spasm of her own, more powerful than any of the three before it. She screamed, the pleasure so overwhelming that it turned into some sort of strange pain. Her mind itself began to ache with a sensation that was not her own. The feelings, so overwhelming and powerful, were far too much and it was then that Kristasia lost consciousness. 

When Kristasia finally woke, she felt a strange sense of satisfaction and pride before she even opened her eyes. When she did open them, curious about this foreign feeling, it was to the smiling face of the demon god she'd pledged her forever to.  

"I am proud," he responded, as if to her curiosity. "Not just any man can pleasure his woman so well, nor does just any man have a woman so worthy of it as you. I was rather overcome with you last night and I forgot to mention to you just how beautiful you are." 

Her cheeks turned red at the compliment. She had been told she was pretty before, but never in such a manner. 

"You can feel what I feel now. You know that I mean it," he whispered softly against her cheek. "Did you sleep well, my love?" 

"If you feel as I feel now, you should know," she replied as she forced her aching muscles to move and stretch. 

"Certainly, but this bond is new to you and you still enjoy being asked and being able to willing share information. You're hungry. Would you like lunch?" he asked pleasantly. 

She could feel a warm sort of affection, the desire to care for someone in the way one would take care of a cherished pet that was more like family or a loved child. 

"I don't know if I can move, but I'd rather like a bath," she replied. 

"I should certainly like to take one with you," he stated, a grin raising his cheeks. 

"No. I really can't bear that right now," she said as she tried to sit up, her muscles revolting as she did. 

"I know. I will try to keep my desire for you contained until you're ready. Next time it will be much better," he laughed. "We'll just take a bath and nothing more." 

At his mere suggestion, they were suddenly in a tub of steaming water in his bathroom. Before Kristasia could even comprehend the change of setting, he was already beginning to run a soapy cloth across her skin. 

"That will take some getting used to," she said, shaking off the strange sensation that came with his sudden teleportation. 

"I've no doubt you will eventually," he responded. 

"Daedronus, what time is it? How long did we sleep?" Kristasia suddenly asked, a sense of worry overcoming any thoughts of the handsome, naked man who was currently slathering her with soap in hot, steaming water. 

"The child is fine. Do you think I would allow harm to her?" he chuckled. 

"You did not answer my question." 

"We slept for about ten hours or so. You slept for about two days." 

"What?!" she cried, splashing water as she jolted in surprise. 

"Calm down," he told her, his own feelings of calm washing over her in a soothing wave. 

"Where is she?" Kristasia demanded. 

"I told you, she is fine. Scawp is a fine companion. He watches her well. My Daedran have never had the pleasure of meeting a child before. Children do not exist here. The souls of children reincarnate instantly upon death and do not come here until they have lived at least one life to adulthood. Having never experienced a child before, my Daedran are quite taken with her. They know she is mine, as you are, and they treat her as a princess out of respect and out of fondness. She is rather happy. Creed... well... he is rather unhappy. He feels that playing silly games with a child is rather unfitting of his stature and he is rather embarrassed when his men catch him playing with the girl. He doesn't want to appear soft or weak or silly to them. He'll grow out of that. I find it rather amusing, actually," Daedronus laughed. "Let me show you." 
