 The door blew inward, and 5 different sights of weapons targeted her heart and head. The men heard their comm machines beep. Without any prompting the machines began to read out their messages.. "Your wife..." "...turned in your brother..." "...collected enough money to purchase a secret home..." The soldiers stared at each other as the messages telling them how their commanders, friends, fellow-brothers-in-arms, had either been betrayed or were learning of their betrayal. In the following shoot-out, one of the projectiles caught her shirt on fire, burning it to her skin. She awoke to her own screams. It was just a dream. Just a dream

Kline shivered, reminded of her dream. "Dessert?"

"Drink." He poured her another glass of beer, to follow their sumptuous home-cooked meal.

As she sipped, Duffy stood and opened his shirt, revealing his chest, including a burn scar to the side. Kline choked.

Duffy moved instantly, snagging the drink out of her hand, murmuring, "Breathe, beautiful." He watched her gaze return to his scar as she coughed, passive to its focus. When she finally could inhale without coughing, he joked, "It was a lot worse than it looks."

As he knelt before her, he snagged the hem of her shirt. Studying her eyes, he lifted to just under her breasts until she held her arms up over her head letting him pull it off. Standing before her, he opened his pants and tugged them down with his underwear. His erection was rock hard, he desired her so thoroughly. Her inhale of excitement, made him smile as he murmured, "Dessert is served." Then he lay on his back on the cleared table, "Take what you want, beautiful."

Kline's blue gaze darkened at the sight of his promised dessert. She slowly, teasingly, released her bra, drew down her pants and wandered closer.

"Panties, especially," he rumbled, drinking in her almost naked form.

As she pulled them off, she told him, "I..I brought a condom; I'm not on anything."

He nodded, not so much in confirmation as saying 'I know'. The obsession in his gaze was getting stronger, easier to identify. Somehow we're connected. Kline knew on a different level that he was her dream-man. Removing the last barrier between them, she inhaled, caught by his scent. Her gaze slid over his body, presented to her on the table. Silly man! She fixed her gaze on his erection, the shimmer of fluid on the tip. Licking her lips, she approached him and wrapped a hand around the shaft. His hands grasped her hips and tugged. If she was going to give him fellatio, she was going to have to bend over in front of him. Leaning over, bending at her hips, she placed a kiss on his abdomen. Duffy's hands tugged on her thighs to make them spread, opening her wide to him. Opening her mouth, she lapped at the pre-cum at his tip. Duffy groaned as his fingers teased the lips of her aroused labia. Taking the tip of his penis in her mouth, she drew her tongue around it, curling to caress the flared surface. His fingers swirled between her labia, grazing her clitoris. She inhaled at the sharp pleasure, creating a suction on him. 

He groaned, "Kline, you have no idea what you're doing to me." 

She licked lower, taking more of him in her mouth and swallowing against him. His fingers slipped into her vagina, and she pushed her hips back against them wanting him impossibly deeper. Humming, she began to move taking the rhythm of his fingers for taking him in and out of her mouth. Giving him some control. Each time, his hand brushed her clitoris, she tensed getting closer to orgasm. The flaring at his tip was getting wide enough that she kept it in her mouth, keeping it engaged with rubbing against her tongue and the back of her throat. 

"My rod is jealous of my fingers," Duffy moaned as she swallowed against him again. 

Kline desperately wanted to fill full, more than his fingers were capable of. She made a decision. Releasing him, she stood, and snatched the condom from her pants.

Duffy's eyes tracked her every motion, his obsession open, his hunger, undeniable. As Kline fitted the thing on him, he stated, "Given your situation, you need to know: if there's an accident, I'm keeping you."

"You sure?" she asked, pausing but not releasing her hold on him.

He patted his thighs urging her to climb up. "Yes," his expression was deadly serious, "You sure?"

"You make me crazy, Duffy." The table was unforgiving under her knees as she settled herself above him. "I think about you all the time. It's...it's uncomfortable, like I'm fixating on you."

He smiled, his brilliant-make-you-love-any-place-he-is smile. "Come here, you," he rumbled, sitting up long enough to get his arms around her and pulling her down. With one arm, he released her long enough to reach around them and align the tip of his erection to her vagina. Just barely breaching her. He panted gazing at her with his deepest desire, happy and serious all at once. "Take me, beautiful."

Kline stared at his face, as she lowered herself. His flared tip breached her, stretched her, and as she pressed against him, filled her. Duffy's face was ecstatic, his muscles tightening with the pleasure wracking his body. And heart. Her own heart fluttered, as the sensation flooded her circuits. It was beyond good. "Kiss me," she panted.

Duffy's eyes flared, he lifted an arm to secure the back of her head and seized her in a kiss as he moved his hips to pull back and thrust. Their kiss broke as Kline moaned. Shifting his hand from her head to shoulder, Duffy took over locking her on top of him as he thrust, filling her again and again. He pressed against her cervix with an extra thrust rubbing her hyper-sensitive clitoris. It did not take long before she was on the verge of orgasming. Pressing down onto him in echo, wanting him deep, she exploded. Duffy was right behind her, holding her hips fast, and shivering and groaning as he released.

Panting, Kline lifted her head off his shoulder to study Duffy's face adoringly. He smiled at her, satisfied, and pleased, "How about if we rinse off the dishes and then have seconds?"

"I'd like that, but Mr. Fuzzy will not be pleased if I'm late," she quirked her eyebrows, amused at his euphemisms for showering and more sex.

Duffy tightened his arms, and shook his head, "He's probably already outside the house right now. Your sharptooth has been a regular visitor since I visited your apartment."

"Oh, your scent," Kline blinked concerned. "He struck a guy-f...friend..." she didn't really want to talk about Martin.

Duffy's expression swung dangerously harsh before blanking, "You're his baby, he can sniff danger." His face softened to amused affection, "We had a visit yesterday, and while he won't let me touch him, he talked at length and left a territorial mark on the corner of the house."

Smiling, Kline cringed at what all that entailed exactly.

Separating them, he let her get up and rubbed her pink knees. "Would you like the same attention to your backside," Kline asked looking at his buttocks and rubbing his upper back.

His affirmative was very enthusiastic. In the shower, after Kline finished massaging him, Duffy settled to his knees, and laved her to screaming bliss. 

She emerged to find herself face to knee with Mr. Fuzzy. "Brrrip mrrrrr heh heh heh," he fussed.

"Duffy gave you access?" she wondered.

The man himself commented while kissing her shoulder, "Stay with me tonight."

"Pthththththth, Brrip, Pththththhthth," Kline told Mr. Fuzzy and added to Duffy, "I'd like that. Okay."

"Pthththththhthth," Mr. Fuzzy replied, turning and maneuvering the door open to probe the new territory further.

Three days later, she was still staying over. This time she had agreed to do so for the week. She had two dreams that night. In the first, she was a male, happy yet anxious. He was trying to persuade a shy creature that he loved to stay with him. She would let him hold her, she trusted him that much, but she was still unsettled. If he wasn't careful, she would leave. He needed her, desperately. The second dream was fuzzy, like she was looking through a veil of white. In her hand, she held two earrings with a common mineral that she particularly liked, diamond. Each had three squares, with the diamond in the center. The squares reminded her of data boxes which controlled the comm machine networks. Concerned about how he would react, she didn't share the dreams with Duffy...even though he asked.

Ten days later, they ran out of condoms. Kline kept telling herself to buy them at the store as she did other necessities on her way 'home' to Duffy's house. But she didn't. She had been dreaming almost daily about having a baby, her baby, placed into her arms at the hospital. Her emotional landscape was pure happiness, no reservations at all.

Duffy admitted he hadn't purchased condoms either as he nibbled her nipples and thrust his fingers deep into her vagina. Kline groaned as her muscles spasmed and her heart beat harder in her chest. Duffy if anything became more aggressive in his seduction. Kline grasped her ankles holding herself open and fidgeted in uncomfortable arousal. She wanted to feel him inside her, thrusting and filling her. His earlier warning rang clear, and if there was anything that she'd learned about the man since they met, it was that he meant what he said. Duffy dropped his mouth to her clitoris, and kept rubbing her g-spot with his fingers. Kline lifted her hips off the bed, and he drew back, keeping her on the edge. She tossed her head and grabbed the sheets on either side of her in frustration, "Duffy, please!"

"Please what?" he asked licking and nibbling the inside of her thigh. 

He teased her nipples with his fingertips, as she answered on a groan, "I want you inside me."

"I won't pull out," he murmured huskily climbing up her body.

His fingers touched her face, and she opened her eyes to his intense gaze replying, "I don't want you to."

"Remember what I said, beautiful," he rumbled, settling his uncovered erection between her swollen labia. The tip just barely entered her core, "I keep you."

"Yes," she murmured adjusting her hips to take the tip deeper inside.

Duffy kissed her as he pressed, sliding easily deeper, his bare skin slipping in her moisture. The intensity was completely different without the barrier of protection. Breaking the kiss, he pulled his hips back, making her groan. He dropped his mouth to her neck and shoulder, as he thrust. The sensation was heightened, she vibrated to the flared head rubbing unconstrained against her sensitive channel. He felt wider, she was more full, with each thrust pleasure vibrated her frame until she cried out in the orgasm, "Duffy!"

His arms locked around her, holding her waist and shoulder against him as he thrust, Duffy shouted as she orgasmed around him, drove as deep as he could reach and ejaculated. She could feel the jets of pressure as he came.

When he softly declared, "Finally. I've got you," her heart beat steady, content.

"I love you, too," she told him smiling with joy.