 This Story takes place with the world of "The Great 48", where men are required by law to orgasm at least once every 48 hours. 

I have loads more of stories within this world if you're interested.

Let me know what you think...

*

Leo backed away from his computer screen. It was nearly 10pm, and after three solid days of work, meal replacement bars and stims-packets to keep himself awake, he was finally done the holo-presentation. He saved the file, labeled it the next day's date, Nov 12, 2122 and saved it to the shared hub where his boss would find it in the morning.

He hit a button, the door to his office slid open and he walked into the darkened cubicle area of the 201st floor of the office building. As he headed to the kitchenette, he saw the dim glow at the far end of the last row of cubicles. Brenda is working late too, he smiled to himself. She was probably his most attractive coworker, and he had a bit of a crush on her, though as she was recently married he knew nothing would come of it. Still, she was fun to talk to. And even nicer to look at.

He detoured to her desk, noticing she was wearing her blue dress as he approached. It was a perfectly appropriate dress for the work place, but something about it drove him wild. He had caught himself staring at her several times in the past few weeks, each time when she was wearing that dress. She was tall and there was something about how it showcased her legs wonderfully when she walked, probably because it showed more leg then it would on a shorter woman. It didn't hurt that it also highlighted her breasts fantastically. The whole thing had such an effect on him, he actually regretted the detour. His penis began to stiffen in his pants and he was suddenly concerned his "appreciation" of her appearance might be too obvious.

"Working late?" Brenda asked him.

"Yeah." He answered. "Been locked away for over 70 hours now, getting the Guffin presentation ready."

"70 hours?! Wow, I don't know how you do that." She looked at him from her seat.

"Well the stims help, but even still I don't do this often." He said, pulling a stimulate packet from his pocket to show her.

"Still, 70 hours is a long time. Even with relief breaks."

"Oh shit." Leo exclaimed. He had completely forgotten about taking a relief break. Law requires all men over the age of 18 have an ejaculation or "obtain relief" once every 48 hours. The process was heavy tracked and the penalty for non compliance was quite severe.

"Wow, you must have been really focused to forget about getting at least one of those in." She remarked.

He was focused, but even still, it was a stupid mistake he count not afford. One didn't just ignore a fundamental cornerstone of modern society absent-mindedly. The western world was completely transformed once regular, mandatory orgasms for men had become law. Violence, aggression and crime had dropped while productivity and progress has soared. To flout that was the height of stupidity, and potentially costly. If he was caught going three days without a release, he could kiss a month's salary goodbye.

"Shit, shit, shit. I just want to head home and go to bed." He told her, looking out the window at the heavy rain. Leo didn't have a girlfriend and the nearest relief station was 11 blocks away.

"Any chance you'd we be willing to just sign my documents? I'll hit a relief station on my way into work tomorrow morning I promise."

"Um" the strawberry blonde wavered. "I'm not so comfortable lying about that. The penalty is pretty stiff for people who do that."

"Right, of course. Sorry. I shouldn't have even asked. " He apologized "I'm not thinking straight. I'll hit a relief station on my way home."

"In this weather?" She asked.

"What choice do I have?" He asked rhetorically.

"Leo, I said I was uncomfortable lying." Brenda told him "Not that I was unwilling to help."

That caught him off guard. "But you have... " he stammered. "...you're, y'know, married."

"I'm not offering to have sex with you Leo, just lend a helping hand, so to speak. Nothing wrong with helping a coworker is there?" She asked.

"Are you sure? I mean your husband wouldn't mind?" Leo asked, hesitantly.

"First of all, I'm a grown woman, so I get to make my own decisions, not my husband. Secondly, he travels on business often, you don't think he has to get other women to help him occasionally? I'm just offering the exact same thing as you'd get at a relief station, nothing untoward about that, is there?"

Relief stations were basically old school massage parlours, government-funded locations where men without significant others could get a manual release. No nudity from the "agent", just a simple handjob, though occasionally you could luck into one that talked dirty while she milked your penis.

Brenda's offer made sense, in that it was the most efficient way for him to get back into good standing with the law. And it was a societal norm at this point. Everyone knew men came, at least once every other day and regulations required it be done by a third-party. There was no reason this tall, beautiful woman he had a crush on couldn't just give him a handjob.

He was in a bit of shock over it though. God knows he had fantasized about this very thing, right down to that blue dress, but to have it actually be offered to him. It was one thing being masturbated by a woman whose job it was to do so, it was another to have it just offered by an attractive woman. He could not believe it.

"Why don't we head into your office. I don't think the cleaning staff will be around soon, but a little privacy would be nicer than here." Brenda had apparently ended any debate on the subject.

Still stunned. He just nodded in agreement.

"Hang on a sec, I think I have something that will help." She said as she opened a drawer to her desk. She pulled something out and held it up for him to see, a canister of hand lotion.

Brenda then stood up and walked towards his office. Still silent, he admired how her dress showed off her long legs as he followed her.

Once in his office, she sat in his chair, the only one in the room, while he leaned against his desk.

"Y'know, this is going to settle an ongoing debate Christy and I have had."

"Christy? Really?" He asked surprised. He bad barely talked to the cute redhead since she'd been hired 6 weeks earlier.

"Sure, what you think us ladies don't talk about your cocks the way you guys talk about our tits?" She asked, as she unzipped his fly nonchalantly.

"No... We... I've..." Leo tried to deny it.

Brenda continued as if he hadn't said anything at all.

"Definitely ends that debate." She said as she pulled his dick out and wrapped her hand around his shaft, feeling the weight of it. "Remind me to show this thing off to her some time, she's going to love it."

Leo couldn't believe it. Brenda had barely started giving him a hand job and was already talking about showing his dick to another beautiful woman.

"This is a great cock." She told him as she squirted a dollop of lotion into her hands and rubbed them together to warm it up.

"Um, thanks." He told her unsure of what to say. He wasn't exactly an introvert when it came to the ladies, but he wasn't used to getting compliments on his penis.

"So do you, I mean have you..." Leo knew what he wanted to ask, but realized it might be an impolite question about halfway through his sentence.

"Do I give out handjobs regularly?" She completed his question. "Just to my husband. Although there was this one time, back in my university days when I went on a field trip to Asimov's rock. The space elevator was prone to locking up back then, and I trapped for a while. Can you imagine? 20 or so students, only three female, plus our chaperone, Miss Ophelia. She actually spoke to me and the other girls about how we might have to do our civic duty. That's about as close to, um, community service, as I've ever been before. Other than for my boyfriends, of course."

Leo's cock throbbed at the thought of Brenda having to jerk off several men at one time. (Little did he know she had done far more than she was letting on) Brenda shook away the memory and reached back out to stroke him. She had one hand wrapped around his shaft and the other cupping his balls.

"But you don't want to hear about that. Let's focus on little Leo here. I like him. In fact, If I was single, I'd...I'd... Well I better not say." She teased.

"Better not say what?" He asked her, enjoying her attentions. "You can't just start a sentence like that."

"Well, I was just thinking, if I was single..." She leaned forward and whispered "I'd already have this cock in my mouth."

Leo groaned at the thought. He had imagined her sucking his cock many, many times.

She continued to stroke him, the lotion making a slight squishy noise as she slowly ran one hand up and down his shaft as she tickled at his balls with the other.

"Mmmmm you are overdue for a milking aren't you? Well, just let me give you the relief you need." She offered.

Her hand continued to move up and down his shaft, albeit frustratingly slow.

"Oh god." He moaned. "That feels so good."

"Tell me Leo." She said casually "Have you ever thought about this before? I mean, have you thought of me doing this for you?"

"Yes" he admitted.

"You thought about me stroking this hard cock?!" She asked and she began pumping him faster.

"Yeah... I... I kinda have a crush on you." He admitted.

Brenda leaned forward, he could feel her breathe on the tip of his penis.

"Then you've probably thought about me wrapping my lips around your dick too, haven't you?"

She stuck her tongue out as if to lick his shaft, but deliberately fell just short of touching him. He knew what she was doing and had to fight the urge to thrust forward to force contact.

"If I was single Leo... My mouth could have been yours." She continued to tease.

"What about my breasts? Did you think about those" she asked as she sat back in the chair. Her dress covered her chest, in fact she showed no cleavage whatsoever, but her nipples were protruding through the thin cloth, clearly excited by what was happening.

"Did you fantasize about sucking on my breasts?" She asked as she tightened her grip on his cock and sped up her movements.

"God yes." He told her "I've wanted to kiss them since I first saw you."

"Leo! You're so bad, I was engaged when you met me." She playfully admonished him even as she increased her speed, sliding up and down his shaft.

Then suddenly she stopped.

"Does that mean you spent time thinking about fucking me too?" She asked. "Did you think about putting this hard cock into my tight pussy?"

Leo couldn't answer as her hand pleasantly began twisting around the head of his cock.

"Leo, I'm a little surprised at you." She continued "You can't just wander around thinking about fucking your married coworkers."

Her hand spend up, and Leo groaned in appreciation. "It's inappropriate!" She said, even as she continued to masturbate him. "Maybe you should obtain relief more often, if that's what goes on in that head of yours."

Leo remained silent and simply watched as the woman he regularly fantasized about continued to milk his cock.

"You can't fuck me Leo, But maybe... do you want to see my breasts? Would that help you get some relief?"

This was already better than a relief station. The women there were attractive enough, but he'd never seen one as hot as Brenda. And now she was offering to show him her tits? That was something the station workers never did!

Brenda didn't even wait for a response before letting go of his cock and untying the top of her dress. It fell down around her waist, revealing that she was not wearing a bra.

Leo took in her topless form. Her breasts were large enough that they seemed big on her slender frame, but not so large as to seem massive. Her nipples were bright pink and rock hard. They were, in a word, perfect. He stared at them, not saying a word, as his right hand wrapped itself around his dick and he unconsciously began masturbating.

"No, no, no!" Brenda chastised him as she took hold of his cock once more "That's my job. Your job is just to release. We mustn't break any more rules. Bad enough you waited this long to get my help."

She leaned forward once more and began pumping hard and fast up and down. Her face inches from his cock.

"Maybe you could even...release on to me?" She offered as she pumped his cock up and down, his tip pointed at her face. "Would you like that? Would you like to spurt on me?"

Leo had to fight the urge to cum right then. He wanted to prolong the experience as much as he could, but her offer was making that extremely difficult.

"Not on my face of course." She told him as she adjusted his cock so it was aimed lower. "On my chest. Do you want to cum on my chest?"

"Yessss." He told her through gritted teeth.

"Give it to me then. Give Brenda all that cum." She encouraged him. "You've worked so hard, for so long. You need relief. It's okay. Give it to me."

Leo felt his orgasm building. He watched as the most beautiful woman he knew sat topless, pumping his cock and begging for him to cum. It was better than any government-funded relief station ever could be.

"I'm close." Leo warned her as three days worth of build up began to rise.

"Yes, Leo. That's it. That's a good boy!" She encouraged, jacking his cock faster still, desperate to finish him off.

"Oh god, Brenda." Leo yelled. She pumped his cocked as he squirted between her tits. She continued her piston like movements, aiming for her right breast as he squirted a second time and then her left as he squirted again.

"That's it." She cooed. "That's the release you needed."

She coaxed the last of his cum from cock, and with a fingertip, added it to her glistening chest.

"Thank you." Leo told her, as he caught his breath. "That was incredible."

"I thought you might like the dirty talk, my husband made me realize how much most guys love it. Just don't take it too seriously. Okay?" She smiled as she got up. "I'm going to go clean up a bit, then finish what I was working on."

"Oh, um okay. Do you want me to..." He started to ask as he put himself back into his pants.

"No, just head home. My husband is coming to pick me up in a bit." She told him. "We... Fair warning, that got me a bit worked up, I may use your office for a bit when he gets here." She said with a wink.

He forced a smile.

"Don't be like that." She scolded him. "You knew this was a one time thing, to keep you out of trouble and as a kind of reward for your hard work."

"So it was for company morale?" He laughed.

"Something like that." She chuckled.

"But I meant what I said when I said you have a great cock. Christy would, well, let's just say she'd probably be able to do more than just lend a helping hand."

He smiled at her, this time genuinely.

"Thanks." He told her.

"And feel free to use my office for...as long as you need to."

She headed towards the bathroom and he began packing up.

Tomorrow, he would make a point of asking Christy out, or least make an effort to talk to her, but for now he headed home, where he would likely spend the night remembering every second of what had just happened. Or picturing what being on that space elevator could have been like...

*

I'd love to read any/all constructive comments you may have. 

Let me know what you think, either in the comment section or e-mail me via the CONTACT tab.