 Disclaimer: All characters and events in my stories are purely fictional and all characters are of legal age of consent. Any resemblance to real persons or events is entirely coincidental.

Author's Note: I wasn't sure what category to put this in, since it's kind of a mix between Fantasy / Incest / Nonhuman. If you don't like one or more of those, you should probably stop reading. Also note that while I really appreciate constructive criticism, that implies a useable suggestion for improvement. That said, all comments are of course welcome.

~~~ Chapter 1 ~~~

Gemma was a young woman, who lived with her family in a small farming town well outside the stone walls of the capital. People said that out there in the countryside, it just wasn't as safe. Was it really? There was always a threat looming, that much is true. Whether it was roaming bandits, a monster that had wandered too near to civilization, or just dark forces that were yet unknown, people couldn't count on the Royal Army to protect them out here.

Of course, there was also an upside to having less attention from the capital, having less of its influence around. While Gemma and her family may have been quite normal in many ways, they certainly weren't normal enough to fit into the crowds of the capital city. Gemma's parents knew that fact from when they had visited the larger cities in the past. Out in the country, people usually left each other well enough alone. And for people like Gemma's family, that was a good thing.

The first things people noticed were probably the little ears and horns atop their heads, no doubt reminding people of cows. There was a reason why members of their kind were known as Bovans rather than humans, the name coming from the variety of similarities. Gemma would surely never be mistaken for a human with those extra ears, and those little horns. 

Besides that though, Gemma quite resembled the human girls of the town. Only slightly tall at a comfortable 5'8", her somewhat slender but feminine figure and shapely B-cup breasts didn't stand out. She had human-like brown eyes, and a pretty face framed by her long brown hair.

Her father was also not that remarkable to the casual observer, besides the fact that his horns were larger than hers or her mother's. Her brother, being a teenager still, had horns only about the same size as hers until very recently. None of the other villagers knew about the the bull-like sheathe and testicles that each of them hid under their pants, and so most of them thought that the two looked pretty close to human men.

Her mother, on the other hand, was the idealized form of the bovan woman. She had the same dark features as her daughter, but with wider hips and a fuller frame. She was by no means fat, but the curves of her body left absolutely no doubt that she was a fertile woman.

As with Gemma, Ana had matured in her teenage years to have maybe slightly larger breasts than the average human. It was only when she had first given into her heat and let her husband rut in her that they truly matured. As her belly swelled with Gemma, her breasts developed to feed her coming child. For several months, each slowly grew from the size of a grapefruit to the size of a melon, still hanging effortlessly from her chest in a way that most women could only dream of.

Of course, they did eventually stop producing milk again, about a year after Gemma was born. They shrank ever so slightly, just due to the lack of liquid inside, but she was quite pleased that they held both their pert shape and most of their new size. Being dry was short lived, however. As soon as Ana's heat returned, so too did her husband's rut, and the bull wasted no time in giving her another child.

Bovans were notoriously driven by instinct, and the couple was no exception to this. Recognizing this and realizing that she didn't want to just keep having children until she no longer had her heat, Ana spent the time nursing Christopher to develop a plan for the future. And, as a clever woman, she did.

The next time her heat returned and her husband fell into rut, she took advantage of his mindless passion and made sure not to get pregnant. Making sure not to be too consumed by her own lust that she couldn't focus, she took him to their bed and let him mount her from behind. He was so focused on sating his wanton need that she was easily able to redirect it without him noticing, reaching back and using her fingers to guide the bull's slender cock up and away from her fertile opening. Finding a hole, he eagerly rutted away, passionately fucking and claiming Ana's virgin hole without being any the wiser. Having found purchase in the fertile woman, he eagerly released his seed, pouring it into her with abandon. She felt guilty that she had made him waste his seed, but glad that she was satisfying his need. In the stupor of his rut, he couldn't have imagined that he was planting his seed in a hole that couldn't nurture it.

Each heat, she would do the same. And each time, she found his invasion less painful and more enjoyable. Over the years, Ana had actually grown fond of it, looking forward to the next time she'd be 'forced' to let him fuck her ass. Sometimes, Ana would get the surprise of her husband going into rut at odd times rather than her heat, and have a special treat that night. When she was in heat, she had to be very careful of her own instincts and not get too riled up before she'd got him in the right place. Not being in heat, she could even let him lick her before the actual mating. Ana didn't understand why it had started happening last year, or why it was getting more consistent, but she wasn't complaining. 

Of course, Gemma knew none of this. She figured that her parents would have to have had sex in order to have her and her brother, but she didn't know any details beyond that. She had no idea that her father rutted uncontrollably, or how her mother had escaped another pregnancy all these years. She thought it was a convenient coincidence that her parents disappeared at the same time she got horny, completely unaware that it was the scent of her rutting father that was moistening her pussy and making her tingle with need. Powerful instincts or not, Bovans were civilized people who felt shame at their nature. She would have certainly felt horrified if she'd known that as she rubbed herself to orgasm, it was the smell of her parents' mating that was urging her on.

That feeling paled in comparison, however, to her actual heat. She'd started feeling it last year, and it had started to come more and more regularly now. Bovan mating cycles weren't really well understood, but it was well-known that they were intense. Though Gemma didn't really understand the biological changes that happened to her at that time, she knew that she was getting wet all the time and couldn't stop imagining sex. A few times, she'd almost mated with some of the boys in the village. She really didn't know what she'd do if one of them propositioned her during her heat, but she was certain that she'd be tempted. Luckily, they were all distant with her, both out of a general distrust of non-humans and a very specific fear of her father.

They weren't just afraid of him because he was the only man in the village with horns, either. He was also competitive, and prone to seemingly random outbursts of aggression. Of course, the outbursts were a symptom of his rut as it set in. As his body flooded with hormones, he found it harder and harder to control his emotions and urges, until eventually he'd surrender to it and mate with Ana. There were other changes too, which only Ana was aware of, like how his testicles would swell to nearly double their already generous size. She guessed correctly from how much more he came during his rut that it had to do with making and storing more cum, his body producing and hoarding many times the normal amount. She guessed incorrectly, however, that he could rut without smelling a fertile bovan woman in heat. Rutting was exhausting on many levels, and his body only produced all that seed when it could sense a place to plant it.

Not once during any of those odd-timed ruts did Ana consider the other woman in the house with them, whose body desperately craved a first child. Each time Gemma's heat set in, her dripping pussy would waft her wanton scent throughout their house, broadcasting her readiness to any nearby males. Within an hour, they were already feeling the first indications of their coming rut. Perhaps it was shame that prevented Ana from seeing the connection between it all. She knew Gemma would have started to go into heat by now, but imagining that Marcus was rutting for their daughter would have filled her with anger and jealousy. It was hard enough to stomach thinking that her husband was filling her ass with cum meant for her pussy. Accepting that her husband's balls were overflowing with cum meant for Gemma's womb would be far more than she could bear.

Besides, there was something far more pressing going on in their family that had become a serious issue.

In the last few months, tension in the family had been getting worse and worse. Not only was Gemma becoming more and more withdrawn, but Marcus and Christopher had started to blame each other for it. It had started a few months ago when Gemma and Christopher had a fight over something. Neither one would tell their parents what it was about, but they kept fighting for a couple of days, steadily getting worse. When Marcus finally put himself between the two, the inevitable happened: The father and son started fighting, the argument only stopping when Ana stepped in and told them to stop.

The next day spun out of control right after dinner, with Gemma running off and leaving the two men in a shouting match. Ana literally had to pull her husband away, desperately trying to get him to cut his losses and just take a minute to cool off. As soon as they were in their bedroom, she knew something was off, just from the way he was acting. She was confused as he stood there speechless and pulled off his clothes, until his pants dropped and she saw his swollen balls throbbing between his legs. A few minutes later, she was on the bed with his dick pounding into her ass, giving him the release that he needed. The next day, things seemed to calm down a lot and Ana was hopeful that things were going to get better again.

Unfortunately, and much to her disappointment, that experience seemed to create a spark of anger between the two men. There were little hints here and there, but whenever one would snap, it seemed that the other was no longer willing to back down. She didn't understand what was starting it, but it was clear what was going to bring it to a head. She knew that her husband being a bull, it was only a matter of time before he went into rut and really set things off with Christopher.

And just as she had predicted, the very next time Ana went into heat she felt the tension of a big fight looming in the house. She knew that Marcus got weirdly possessive as his rut set in, but she had always been able to count on her children's calm flexibility to get through that hard time. Since that fight, Christopher seemed unwilling to brush off any of his father's comments or actions that he felt were aggressive. Instead, he pushed back harder.

Now, Ana knew that the surest way to avoid a conflict was to distance herself from everyone while her husband was rutting. Unfortunately, doing that was incredibly difficult, especially since it was also during her heat. Ana's heat always took a few days to take hold completely, and she often felt really lonely as it progressed. She craved closeness, touch, intimacy, but tried to avoid spending too much time with her husband for fear that she'd lose control and end up pregnant. After Christopher had been acting more distant recently, he had finally started to act more comfortable with her again, which made her really happy. It came at a perfect time for her and she gladly accepted the close contact, despite knowing that it would upset Marcus if he noticed. For the first time in a long time, Ana didn't feel like she was suffering through her heat the same way she had. Instead of desperately trying to find a way to pass the time, suffering day to day, she had actually reached the height of her heat with a smile on her face.

After a day together, the mother and son found themselves relaxing on the couch, Christopher holding her lovingly and stroking her. And that, unfortunately, was exactly when Marcus walked in. When he saw the his wife and son on the couch, Ana knitting and Christopher nestled in against her with his arms around her, his expression became sour.

"Christopher, go chop some wood" he ordered.

Christopher didn't move.

"Why right now?" he demanded. "We have lots of wood in the pile."

Marcus seemed to get angry.

"Then get off your mother and go get some for the fire" he snapped.

Christopher could feel his heart speeding up and his breathing deepening.

"You can't make me stop just because you're jealous" he accused.

Unfortunately, he'd called out Marcus for the possessive way he felt and acted during his rut. And, as always, they were on the verge of exploding.

"How dare you" Marcus spat. "She's mine."

Thinking quickly, Ana shifted herself out from beside Christopher. It felt nice to be so close with him, but this was a desperate time and he wasn't the one who was rutting for her.

"Sorry Christopher" she apologized, moving up from the couch and grabbing hold of her husband.

"Come honey, let's go talk for a minute."

Marcus had absolutely no interest in talking, and wasn't willing to give up his fight with this other male who was touching his woman without a very good reason. Fortunately, both of them knew that she wasn't actually bringing him to their room to talk. With a snort at his son, he followed her to the room.

A little while later, after a desperate rut that had Ana moaning out loudly, Marcus emptied his aching balls into her ass and collapsed to the bed beside her. Convinced that he had succeeded in breeding her, he seemed so relaxed that he almost melted into the bed as he fell asleep.

"I love you" she told him, getting up and getting dressed in just her housecoat.

She went over to Gemma's room to check on her, but there was only silence. Gemma had been there through the entire incident, and was asleep now. After swimming in all the scents that filled the house, she'd finally given in and masturbated, cumming just a few minutes ago.

Next, Ana cautiously headed over to see her son. She knew that she'd done the right thing, but she also felt bad for abandoning him like that. Even if he wasn't a rutting mess of hormones like his father, he still had feelings, and she had surely hurt them.

"Christopher?" she asked through the door.

"Mom?" he asked back.

"Can I come in?" she ventured.

Without a pause, he invited her in.

"Sorry about before" she apologized, moving into his room. He was laying on the bed, leaned back against the headboard reading a book, his body language restrained and a bit deflated. He wasn't wearing a shirt, but he had the blanket over his lower body.

"I don't know why dad was so weird about me touching you" he blurted out.

Ana felt bad. He didn't know what it was like to be a bull in rut, and it was hard to understand how his father was acting without understanding that. One day he'd meet a girl in heat, and he'd understand the way that his father was acting.

"You know he's not himself all the time" she tried to explain. "I know it's hard when he gets possessive of me, but it isn't his fault. He should be acting better by tomorrow."

Christopher didn't know why everyone had to be nice about how he felt, let him do and say whatever he wanted, as if their own feelings weren't important.

"I liked what we were doing" Christopher said. "How come you let him stop us?"

Ana felt guilty that she had been forced to choose. She had really enjoyed having him relaxing with her, holding her like that.

"I didn't want you to fight" she admitted. "But I wanted to stay too."

She moved to the bed, lowering herself down onto it and leaning back against the headboard.

"Will you forgive me?" she asked.

Christopher leaned over and wrapped his arms around her, just like she hoped he would. The hormones flooding her body craved his touch, and she was happy to be near him again.

"I'm not mad" he confessed.

He really wasn't mad at her. It was really hard with Marcus trying to claim her all for himself, and with her just going along with it. He was a little disappointed that she had left to go with his father, but she had come back to him, which was all that mattered now. 

"Do you love him more than me?" he asked hesitantly.

The thought had occurred to him before, but it had been rolling around in his mind in the past few days. He kept comparing himself to his father, which was quite natural for a boy his age. Ana knew that, and she also knew that she loved Christopher very much.

"Of course not" she reassured him, wrapping an arm around him and squeezing him into her body. "I could never love him more than you."

Christopher felt so reassured, hearing her say it. He'd been feeling overwhelmed the past few days, but her letting him hold her like this made him feel like things were actually going to work out. His father coming in earlier was just a setback, but he really was going to feel better soon. Being near his mother had been making it worse and worse, yet something deep inside him kept telling him that she was the only one who could make him feel better.

"I love you too" he told her, stroking her like before.

Having his hands caress her felt really nice. Ana laid there and enjoyed the feeling of holding him, his body pressed against hers as he stroked her skin. She felt a little guilty that her heat made the whole thing feel a little sexual, but she tried to just ignore that and take pleasure in the way his embrace made her feel.

As he cuddled into her, she felt the belt of her housecoat loosening, the front falling open inch by inch at the top. The two watched it slowly ease open until it fell to either side of her breasts, leaving them bare. 

"Oh" she remarked, as both of them stared at her chest.

With her heat, she couldn't help but think that it was sexual to have them exposed. It made her feel like she was being lewd, letting Christopher watch as her nipples stiffened from the cool air and excitement. He watched them stiffen until they were standing up, crowning her incredible pair of breasts. He hadn't seen them in a while, but somehow he felt like he'd never seen them before.

It's not his fault you're reacting like this, she told herself. She could feel her pussy getting wet, just like it had been doing when his father came in. His hand felt so nice as it stroked her cheek lovingly. She stared at him as he looked back into her eyes. He was such a handsome young man. His horns were getting so big these days, almost like his father's.

"I love you" he said, leaning in and giving her a tender kiss.

"I love you too" she said with a smile. 

The feeling of his lips on hers was nice. It made her lower back tingle. It should have reminded her of all those sweet kisses she'd given him throughout his life, but it reminded her of those tender kisses she shared with his father before they'd mated for the first time. All the thoughts and feelings bubbling up inside her were driving her crazy, and she knew she wanted to get off.

"I should probably go" she announced, without pulling away.

She had felt a lot better after cumming with his father earlier, but she was getting really worked up again. She knew if she woke him up, he would still have the energy to take her again. She didn't really want to go, but Marcus was the only one who could give her what she needed. She could touch herself while he was in her ass, and the orgasm would give her some of the release that she was starting to ache for.
