 Nora's Gift

Within our world exists fantastic creatures that live just out of the acknowledgment of humans. Goblins, trolls and monsters of all kinds roam the earth right under our noses. This is about to change for Brian Green. Brian's a park ranger for Peak Park and little did he know that an entire world unknown to him would open up on this day.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves though. We shall travel a few miles off of the hiking trail that Mr. Green walked every day to find a two groups of four inch tall fairies as they foraged in a small clearing for sweet dew.

Nora Petal, an eighteen year old fairy, scooped her bag made of a maple leaf and dried tree sap across the forest floor and smiled as she looked to see that her bag was already at half full. She loved pulling her own weight for her fellow fairies and although she never admitted it, Nora loved the pride she felt when she was able to acquire more than the others.

This would go on all day, for it was harvesting day after all, and Nora wanted to make sure that not only did she deliver the quantity, but the quality as well. The best sweet dew could be found atop the tall flowers with thick stems. She would find every last drop of the good quality sweet due if it took her all day and into the night. And it did.

As the sun was setting, drawing long shadows across the forest floor, the other fairies within Nora's community retreated back to their tree village one by one. Nora wasn't finished with her collecting though. She had ten leaf bags tied up behind her and she wanted to finish her last one before returning.

"They'll understand," she whispered to herself with a great smile as she looked up to see one last heaping drop atop one of the tall flowers.

Little did Nora know that her rival village had been scouting them all day.

Daybreak Burn stood atop a lower tree branch and smiled as she seen the opportunity. With a nod, she sent a small team of scouts onto the forest floor sprinting her way.

Nora pulled herself atop the flower and scooped the last drop of sweet dew into her back. She pulled the small blade of grass, which closed the bag tightly and dropped it below her. A smile spread across her face as she looked up to the tree where her village rested. A noise startled her from somewhere off in the distance. She tried to focus her eyes in the growing darkness to make out what it could have been, but she seen nothing.

She shrugged and dropped to the ground to collect her backs when a hand wrapped around her mouth and two different sets of arms wrapped around her as she began to get dragged away.

At first she thought that the Great Beast had caught her.

The Great Beast was a monster that had been terrorizing the fairies for as long as Nora could remember. She had lost so many of her sisters to that hungry monster. It never came out this early though. The earliest anyone had heard or seen the monster was deep into the twilight hours.

She was able to catch a glimpse of one of her captures and realized that she was being abducted by another fairy group. She wondered why they were here to begin with. They had their own territory and had no reason to come to hers. What could they possibly gain from this?

They got enough hands on her to spread their wings and take flight to carry her up to the forest tops and back to their own village, where they tied her to a chair and waited.

Once Nora was firmly tied up, all the fairies except one the hut.

"Why did you take me," she managed to ask though her voice shook so much that she wondered if the other could even understand her.

The other fairy slowly approached her with a smile on her face. She had long pink hair and had the physique of a warrior. She was quite beautiful, even with the large scar running down her cheek.

"You are here as a pawn my dear," the calm warrior stated as she softly placed her hand on Nora's shoulder. "You will understand it all in good time."

Nora could feel the fairy's hand slide down the front of her chest and softly grab her ample breast. 

"What are you doing," Nora shouted in shock. 

"Have you ever wondered why there are no male fairies," the pink haired beauty asked as she began massaging Nora's breast. "Do you ever wonder how we are truly created?"

Nora couldn't think of a response. The feeling of her nipple being gently pinched was causing a sensations very foreign to her.

"Ever wonder why we even have reproductive organs," she continued as her other hand slid up Nora's inner thigh and slightly tickled her clitoris. 

"What are you talking about," Nora asked as she was sure her face was turning red.

"You won't crave it yet," she said as she pulled her hands away and stood back up straight. "But you will."

"Who are you," Nora asked as she tried to shake off the embarrassment. 

"I am Daybreak Burn," she declared with a great amount of pride in her voice. "You probably don't know that name yet, but you will."

"Well Daybreak," Nora started as she cleared her throat. "Why am I here?"

"We are waiting for the one who will show you the truth," Daybreak said with a half smile. "The one who has revealed the truth me as well."

Just then the door opened to figure completely covered in a shawl to enter before closing the door behind. 

"And here is the one now," Daybreak stated with happiness. 

"Thank you Daybreak," a deep voice purred from underneath the cover. It was a strange sounding voice. Much too deep to be that of a fairy.

"Who are you," Nora asked in fear as the figure slowly pulled the hood back to reveal itself to be something that she had only heard tales about in the past. 

"A male fairy," she gasped as she stared at his stern looking face with his long black beard. "This can't be."

"It is the truth Nora," he said, trying to sound calming, but his deep voice put her on edge. "I am here to teach you what those magically took from our kind so long ago."

He shrugged off his shawl to reveal his muscular naked body. Nora scanned him from his square shaped face to his large muscular shoulders and chest. She looked down to see his rugged and tight stomach and then her eyes stopped.

He stood in front of her with a fully erect penis. She had never seen one on the body fairy body before. It was large and seemed to be moving on its own as it jumped from time to time like his heart was making it beat.

"I want to teach you about our kind," he stated as he dropped to his knees in front of her. 

He placed each one of his hands on one of her knees and pushed her legs apart before edging forward until his erection was just a sliver away from touching her. She gasped for air as many emotions and foreign physical feelings rushed through her body and thoughts. She looked down to see the tip of his penis just barely away from her vagina.

"What do you mean," she asked through a whisper.

"Long ago male and female fairies were separated by an evil force. Something cast a spell on us to never desire the other in a way to end our existence," he explained as he began stroking his member.

"Then how are we still being created," Nora asked as she stared at his actions in amazement.

"The great magic users that we call the elders were able to counter a portion of the magic, but couldn't create a break of the spell itself. They found a way to reproduce us without the needs of sex."

"Sex," she asked as she looked up from the male to see Daybreak staring at him with desire in her eyes.

"I'm about to show you," the man said. "I'm casting a spell that should allow the magical barrier to temporarily break." 

Nora suddenly felt very different. A wave of pleasure rushed over her body, drawing a slight moan from her lips. The male smiled as he pulled her hips toward him and slid his shaft inside of her. 

Her eyes bulged out as a mixture of pain and pleasure took control of her entire existence for a moment. The man gently pushed himself inside of her until they were connected. He reached around and untied her bindings, allowing her to wrap her arms around him as he picked her up.

She cried into his shoulder as he lifted her up and down slowly onto him. It was all new and yet it all felt natural at the same time. 

"What's happening to me," she cried through pleasure. "This feels so nice."

"The barrier is cracking," he stated as his voice seemed to break from the calming voice to that of a more shaky one. "She feels different from the others."

Feeling the male's erection fill her insides over and over again while rubbing against her clit was sending another new stimulation. 

"I feel like I'm going to explode," she said out of pleasure and fear.

Her body erupted into a pleasurable climax, sending her jerking every which way as the male held on as tightly as he could. He eventually fell onto his back on the floor and Nora continued to ride him hard.

The man screamed out a series of grunts as Nora could feel her vagina get filled with his goo. She rolled off of him and placed her fingers inside of herself. When she pulled them back out, she could see a sticky white substance on her fingers.

"What did you do," she asked in awe.

"I came," he explained. "We all have climaxes like what you just experienced."

"I want another," she claimed with joyful excitement. "That was amazing!"

"Slow down there," Daybreak said through a laugh. "Males need to recharge a bit before going for another round."

"So my spell is broken," Nora asked as she looked around. "Let's break everyone's spell right now."

"We can't," the male said as he sat up. "Your spell is only temporarily cracked. If you go too long without sex then it will reform around you. And we can't break everyone's spell. I've tried."

"What do you mean," Nora asked as she tasted the sticky goo on her fingers.

"We have tried other villages and it seems that very few fairies are able to shatter the barriers. We were not sure if it would even work with you," he eyed her up and down curiously. "And you are different. I felt a kind of magic in you that not even I have."

"What do you mean," she asked as she stood up and straightened her small green skirt as her butterfly wings stretched.

"You might be able to actually find a cure to our magical block," he stated as he too stood up. "We've searched the forest here and your village was the last one to our knowledge. The answer must lie within another land."

"I don't want to lose this new found sense," she stated nervously. "What can I do to help?"

"I'm not completely sure to be honest," he said with a disappointed shrug. "To me, directions come in dreams so maybe that will happen with you as well. Though so far I am the only fairy to have these dreams."

"Dreams," Nora said. At least it was something she could try.

"That's how I found this forest," the male explained. "I had a dream of a forest filled with beautiful female fairies and the visions led me here."

"Ok then," she said with a chipper voice and a bright smile on her face. "What's your name by the way?"

"Oh I'm sorry," he stated with embarrassment in his voice. "We've tried this so many times before that I'm afraid I've grown quite rude. My name is Axel."

"It's really nice to meat you Axel," she said as she extended her hand for a proper introduction. 

He shook her hand and shared her smile.

"You are welcome to stay here with us for the night if you wish," Daybreak stated. "We have a vacant hut just next to mine."

"I appreciate the offer, but I have eleven sacks of sweet dew to deliver back to my village." Nora stated as she started out the door. "I'll come back tomorrow to let you know if I had any dreams."

With that, Nora was flying back to the forest floor where her sacks of sweet dew remained. She wrapped them all up in a chain of braided grass and tied the end around her waist. She fluttered her wings hard and her body began to take off in the sky along with her bags of sweet dew.

She felt a heavy weight pull down on grass rope so roughly that she fell to back to floor on her face. As she shook the stars out of her eyes, she could hear the heavy breathing of something next to her. 

Her vision cleared to reveal a large round head with red glowing eyes and long sharp fangs. It had horns going straight from it's forehead to its back and its massive hand was crushing the sacks of sweet dew.

The Great Beast!!

No fairy had ever escaped the Great Beast and Nora knew that she was going to die tonight. It began to circle her as he sniffed around. Its long spiky tail whipped around, knocking leaves off of the ground and scraping the earth beneath it.

It swiped its claws to the side, hitting Nora and sending her rolling across the ground and severing the rope grass from her waist. She tried to get up quickly, but it was on top of her in an instance.

"This is it," she said to herself as she rolled over onto her back. 

She looked down to see its large cock sticking straight out and throbbing similar to Axel's from earlier. She didn't have much of a choice. She was going to die if she didn't try something and fighting was not going to work for her.

Nora quickly spun her body around and grabbed the monster's cock, causing it to make a strange sound and jerk a bit. She pulled on it a couple of times before it thrust its hips forward. She started to scream, but as her mouth opened it was instantly filled with his girth.

It seemed to enjoy the sensation, so she began pulling her mouth back and forth on it's cock. She could taste a small portion of the cum that was escaping it as it continued to thrust its hips. She looked to the side and seen an opening. She thought that if she could time it just right then she could crawl out from under it and escape.

She waited until the monster moaned again and rolled out from under it. She got onto her hands and knees and began to crawl the rest of the way out, but it roared and pounced back on top of her. 

Nora blew a few locks of her green hair out of her eyes as she felt the tip of the beast's penis push against her slit. 

"This is different," she whispered. She thought about how Axel collapsed when he came and thought that if she could make the Great Beast do the same then she could be the first fairy to actual survive an encounter.

"Want this big boy," she taunted. "Come and get it."

She backed up until she could feel the head of its dick enter her pussy. She let out a squeak as it thrust its entire shaft inside of her. She could feel its saliva dripping onto the back of her head as it thrusted it's cock in and out of her at a rapid pace. The same sensations were filling her and she knew that she would explode in pleasure again soon. 

She screamed out as her body began to jolt about. The Great Beast let out a series of growls as it fell over to the side and shot long streams of cum across her back. 

Now was her chance!

She jumped into the air and fluttered her wings as fast as she could. She darted back toward her village where she found scouts waiting for her.

"Nora," one shouted as she spotted her coming from the darkness. "Where have you been?"

"It's a long story," she began "I need to speak with Elder Frost."

"At this hour," she asked in shock. "This better be important!"

An hour later and Nora found herself in the Elder's Chambers. 

Elder Frost looked anything but old. She was a gorgeous fairy with pure white hair and a cold stare. Nora explained everything that had happened to her from the abduction to the Great Beast as Elder Frost sat on her throne and listened to every word.

"My child," Frost stated calmly. "What you have told me is true."

Nora kneeled before her in anticipation of what was to be said next. What was going to happen now? Was she to be blessed? Was she to be cursed? She honestly had no idea what to expect out of this.

"Unfortunately you can not speak a word of this to the others," Frost said as she got up from her throne and approached Nora.

"But Elder Frost," Nora began to protest before Frost sat down and placed her index finger over her lips.

"I know it is difficult, but this is a search that you must begin on your own," Frost stated through sympathetic eyes. "To bring knowledge of this curse to the others could trigger a side effect from the spell. They could go insane. I do not think that this Axel knows of this."

"Oh no," Nora exclaimed. "He said that he had tried with others and they didn't take like I did."

"He may have created a devastating time for our kind," Frost stated. "The curse could cause the ones that didn't break the barrier to go violently insane."

"What should I do," Nora asked filled with fright. 

"Fly out of our forest and try to find the cure to the magical spell." Frost ordered. "I have waited for centuries for a fairy to show any kinds of signs of your ability. You are the one who can help us now. I'll fly to the other village you speak of and speak with this Axle."

"I will leave first thing in the morning," Nora stated with a great deal of determination.

"No," Elder Frost said with an extremely stern look on her face. "You will leave right now. We have no time to waste."

"Ok," Nora agreed as she nervously darted her eyes around. "I will leave right now."

"Good luck to you on your journey young one," she stated as she walked her toward the door. "I pray that you find a way to help us."

An hour later and Nora found herself far away from her home and flying blindly to the east. She dodged trees and branches as she listened to the sounds of the creatures of the night from all around her. She had never been this far from home and it was only further to go. She had no idea when she would be able to return or if she would even find the cure to a curse that she had just heard about. 

Something rushed down from above at her, almost causing her to lose control of her flight. She looked over to see an own coming at her for another swoop. It was mistaking her for food and she would be food if she didn't find a place to hide. 

She looked around and seen a hole in a tree that was big enough for her but too small for the larger bird of prey. She dove straight down and spread her wings out wide to catch her weight as she shifted into the hole. The owl cried in frustration as it flew back up to a branch of an adjacent tree and waited.

Nora tried to pull herself out of the hole to spy on the owl's whereabouts, but found that she couldn't move. She looked down to see that she had landed in a large collection of tree sap that had her glued to her seat. She pulled but to no avail. It seemed as though her journey was going to end much sooner than she thought.

Hours drifted by and she found her eyes growing heavy until her conscious was finally taken over by exhaustion. 

Her vision shifted through quick and blurry visions. It stopped at what looked like a village hut only much bigger. Giants must live in a hut that size, she thought as the images began to rapidly shift around again. They stopped again on what looked like a male fairy, but without wings and much much bigger. It was a man with brown hair and a stubbly face.

"The man will take you to answers," a voice inside of the dream stated before her eyes shot open to a broad day light shining through the treehole.

She could hear heavy steps coming from somewhere and then a giant figure passed by the hole. 

Was that the man from my dream?

"Help," she shouted as loudly as she could. "I'm stuck in here! Help!!"

"Hello," the man's voice called back from out of sight. "Where are you?"

"I'm in the tree," she shouted as loudly as she could.

"What," the man asked in confusion. "Did you say you're in a tree?"

"Yes," she shouted, "In the hole of a tree."

Suddenly the man's face covered the hole and his eyes shot wide as he seen the four foot tall green haired, winged fairy inside.
