 I stared down at my hand for an eternity as voices rumbled around me. My father was speaking to me but all I could hear was white noise. A faint buzz in my ears like I'd stood to close to an amp. I knew the sound well, Jasper and I had been to enough festivals and gigs for me to know what it was. Why it was happening now, I didn't know. 

I barged past my father and made my way to the bathroom, in a frenzy I had the lid up and that bottle of corona was on its was back up and hitting the bowl. 

I felt a rush of warm over take my senses and the pounding of the burn on my hand. I looked at it, carefully and hesitantly, touching it with my finger, god it hurt, angry, red and so very random. How had it even got there? And there went the sandwiches. I closed my eyes, as my stomach churned, all I could see were trees and woodland. 

'Hey' A cool hand touched my forehead, the sensation jolted me up. Elliot was looking down at me, concern etched in his features. 'You ok?' 

Was I? I didn't know. I felt weird, little things were happening inside my body I had no control over. 'I don't know..' I muttered quietly.

'We heard some noises downstairs, and you were screaming Evie.' Elliot frowned and perched down beside me, I got a whiff of his after shave and felt another urge to vomit. 

'Just....I don't know.....a dream maybe.' Because what way could I describe it. I looked down at my feet, expecting them to be covered with Earth and muck. 'I need a shower' I pulled myself up with no grace what so ever. Elliot steadied me with a hand.

'Evie what the hell is going on?' Elliot gripped my arm tighter. 

'I have no clue, all I know is I need to have shower and maybe a cup of strong tea?'

Elliot, gave one nod, moving around me, he pulled the shower curtain across the bath and set the shower going. 'I'll wait outside, Dad won't let it go Evie, he'll want to know what has you spooked.'

'I'm not spooked-' I started to argue. 

'Don't try lying to me, I can smell your fear and the dishonesty you nearly uttered. I know you better than you think.' He smirked, 'I'm your big brother and nothing gets past me' 

'Okay, just don't say anything to Jasper yet. He freaks out when I get a paper cut.' I pulled the hoodie over my head, catching Elliot's eye he looked sheepish. 'He's already on his way isint he?' I sighed. 

'Dad had me text him after you bolted for the bathroom. You know the rules, the only way the council would concede to you two being together was if he placed himself as your protector.'

And there came another wave of sickness. I put my head against the tilling on the wall, it was cool but clammy from the rising steam. 

Thoughts of court rooms and being separated were suddenly fresh in my mind. Memories assaulted me. After our first intimate encounter, I started to unravel. Jasper was under my father's protection and the situation in which he arrived with us was still fresh with the older members of our governing council, always looking upon him with paranoia. Not only that but being together was in condemnation of some Law to keep daughters of the council 'pure'. 

I couldn't help think Jasper was going to be taken away from us and be alone. That thought had scared me more than anything, to have found some balance and acceptance and then to have it taken away. 

So I decided I would stayed away from him. For as long as I could. I avoided training with Max, unless he assured me we'd be alone. I only went to the lessons I had to. Stayed with friends or at Uncle Johns at the weekends, so I didn't have to come home. I kept this it up albeit successfully for a few months. 

When my health suddenly took a noise dive, I had had no choice but to return home. It had been a typical saturday afternoon, I was enjoying a swim in Uncle Johns pool, when suddenly I felt bone tired. My limbs so heavy I struggled to get out of the pool. The signs had been sneaking up on me for weeks and I refused to acknowledge them, trouble sleeping, hot sweats, lapses in concentration. That day I knew what is was. 

Normally, Wizards experience bursts of power throughout their lives, premeditating their roles within our society. The first bout normally hits near puberty, from this, it could be determined which element you were affiliated with and your family are obligated to train you accordingly. 

Second burst hits when you have obtained reasonable control over that power a year or so later, about 80% of wizards dont develop after this, they reach second grade and boom, they live their lives happily with the knowledge they have and they continue to hone and develop in their field. The third bout normally hits late teens and male wizards experience this with no real affect. The Ladies of our race however, face a battle from the inside out.

Females wizards were educated to believe the third affected woman so badly, due to Morgain's betrayal of Merlin. That Merlin had then cursed her and all her females descendents, that in order to able to reproduce, the ability to do so would have to be earned through pain and hardship. So the third was a silent struggle, no women really spoke of it, it was just accepted. The more power you were due, the more the suffering. It was just another sexist point within the council.

In addition, the sneaky third bout of power in this process also gives wizards a secondary set of skills. It is believed that the third burst of power offers no definite ideals as to what it offers to specific individuals. The third bout of power is unique to each individual. Max, had an errie sixth sense, not altogether clear at times. Elliott, could deduce and sense dishonesty. Jasper, could find whatever he wanted and could read people. My father, never let his secondary set of skills be known and that was why to me he seemed to have no weakness.

I'd had lessons regarding the third stage of wizardry, pre-cursers one might feel to let you know your time was coming. Only, I had ignored mine and my magic didn't like that. I'd been so busy keeping away from Collingwood and Jasper, I hadn't been thinking straight for weeks. I lay by the side of the pool panting for breathe, After an eon I crawled to the bench and pulled myself up, my skin was on fire and I could feel my heartbeat throbbing through my chest. Uncle John, knew where I was. After several minutes I shuffled to the door and stretched to push a button on the intercom phone system. After a few rings, Uncle John sounded over the speaker. 'Hope you're out Evie, lunch is nearly ready.'

'Uncle John...I dont feel so good'

'What hunny?' crackling come over the speaker.

'I think I'm entering my third.' I croaked as a flush of warm energy surged through my body and I gripped the phone harder. 

'By the light Evie, stay where you are, I'm Coming.'

So I did, I stayed were I was, my hand sliding down the wall. 

When I finally opened my eyes from dark nightmares, dreams and fights with demons and monsters in sleep, the brightness of the room hurt my eyes, my mouth was sore and dry. Jasper Di Angelo was laid beside me. His hair tussled, his brow furrowed in sleep, his hand was firmly clenching mine. I was home in my own bed. I shuffled a little, a drip was attached to my hand and the bleeping of a machine filled the warm air. Jasper opened his eyes slowly and he looked at me in wonder. 

'How are you feeling?' He asked quietly, using his free hand to touch my face. 

'Like some one ran over me with some horses, maybe a train.' 

Jasper moved quickly, helping me sit and offering me a sip of water. I took little sips as he stroked my hair, 'How did I get home?' My voice sounded rough, unused in a while.

Japser sighed, 'I came to collect you, I wouldn't let anyone else come, John rang here and I answered. Said you were entering your third. How could you not tell anyone Evie? It was irresponsible and stupid!' He seemed particularly agitated. I looked down at my hands. He was in here, in my room unattended. 

'You told my father about us, didnt you?' I could feel my eyes getting teary.

'I had too, you were convulsing and fitting, I panicked and I blurted out everything. We had to get you to safety, you've been out of it for nearly a week Evie.' He tone was worried, he face etched with worry and tiredness. Then his eyes came alive and flashed with something else. 'I'm so angry with you!' He shouted, then blew out a long breath, waving his hands and standing.

And a weeks worth of nightmares, dream walking and things I'd seen, I was exhausted. Some things I was sure I would never tell a soul. I watched his face change and felt lost. I finally broke down. I sobbed into my hands. I was tired and drained, physically and emotionally. Weeks of turning off my emotions, being void and plodding through life like a robot and for what? I believed at that moment, I regretted giving myself to him, for loving him. Because even if I wasn't ready to admit it, I loved him. His berating of me then, made me wonder if I knew him at all. 

'Out!' the shout came suddenly and then I was being pulled and hugged. I heard the door slam and more voices from the landing. 

The smell of cigars and mint, let me know that my father held me tight. 'ssh' he said quietly, rocking me from side to side. Offering me comfort and love. I could feel the magic swell around me, whatever the gods decided I was going to get in my life was ready to find a home. It settled into my core and I juddered and quietened. 

A while later, the light from the window had dulled and night was crawling towards us. 'I always knew a daughter would be trouble' My father chuckled and I felt his chest moving. 

I laughed into the twilight and hugged harder. 

**

'Evie?' Elliot's voice pulled me back. 

'I'm ok, let me shower and I'll feel better, I promise.'

I heard the bathroom door close, stripped and climbed into the hot water, It beat down on my face as I closed my eyes and flashes from the dream before, floated into my vision. The smell of damp earth, foliage and trees. Of warm night air, hot and humid. The sound of sinister laughter echoing in my ears. I slammed my hand against the tile and opened my eyes watching the water whirl and swirl down the drain. I grabbed a toothbrush and toothpaste and frantically brushed my teeth.

I turned the water off and pulled back the curtain, to find Jasper sat on the toilet seat, his elbows rested on his knees, his hands hanging between. He watched me step out of the tub, with eyes glowing, surveying me from head to toe.

'I want to grab you and just reassure myself that you are ok but also, Id really like to lick every inch of water from your body.' He stood slowly and within a step, was in front of me with a towel. I lifted my arms and he wrapped it around me, slowly dropping his head to mine and kissing me thoroughly. Nothing to revive a girl like a shower and some heavy snogging. I smiled and the kissing deepened, my hands on his back pulling him close, lifting a leg to hook around him, His hand on my waist, the other in my damp hair and the we were shuffling until I was backed against the door. He tasted like beer and chocolate, no doubt from something he eaten or drunk a little while before but it was heavenly and just what I needed to pull myself from the muddled stock and uncertainty of the last hour or so. As I bought up my other hand to touch his cheek and jaw, it throbbed and burn and I cried into his mouth in pain before pulling away. 

'Shit' I hissed. 

Jasper moved back and carefully took my hand, ' You woke up with this?'

I nodded and opened my mouth to relay the story, Jasper lifted my hand and placed a gentle kiss on the injured palm. 'Lets get you dressed.'

**

The tea was strong, a dash of milk and plenty of sugar. I sipped it quietly and listened to the chatter around me, My father was nodding at something Elder Greene was saying and Max and Elliott were looking at a book open on my father's desk. The study was warm, a fire burned in the hearth, Jasper stood over it leaning on the mantel starring into the flames. 

I'd relayed the story to them, in details, smells, sounds, the description of the man who'd known me. I shivered at that. No one really made me ever made me feel scarred for my safety like he did and the churning in my stomach had me thinking that he'd be back again. 

Elder Greene spoke up loudly, 'I'm not discrediting the tale. I just think its all a little too convenient. The girl is found, Evie reads through the notes, the next thing she is having a vivid dream about said girl. I'm I the only one who finds this questionable?'

Everyone in the room went quiet. Why was I so surprised, The guy hated me and took every opportunity to either make it known or belittle me. I watched the unease around the room, seemed he wasn't alone in his thinking.What surprised me most was who spoke next. 

'You're right Greene, although you cannot doubt my need to protect my daughter.' My father took his seat behind the oak desk. His eyes fell on me and by his expression, my face must have registered some shock, 'We'll note this and keep Evie's statement to hand but I do believe there is nothing we can do presently, we'll need to talk to the girls family, see if she experienced anything similar.' 

I wanted for someone to say something, I knew I wasn't crazy. I stood slowly, placing the cup on the coffee table, I could feel their eyes watching me. I closed the door quietly behind me and continued walking. 

Before I knew it, I was descending the stairs to the workout area, the weapon's cabinet open before me with endless possibilities. I took hold of some Corvo knives and started working through a routine. Step, Stab, block, stab....stab....stab...stab. My hand throbbed with the exertion, I continued on. My vest top was wet with sweat and the hair was stuck to my forehead by the time I'd finally given up.

I was ready to leave it there but the treadmill came next, pounding away for an eternity. All I could see was Elder Greene's smug face as my father spoke. Never before had I felt my father doubted me. Had I really just dreamed it? The frustration fuelled my steps. 

I heard footsteps descend the stairs, catching his reflection in the mirrors, I realised he wanted to be seen. Conrad floated over to me with a unnatural grace and speed, standing next to the treadmill, using a swipe of his hand to slow the speed to a brisk walk.

I turned to look at him, His hair was damp and wild, his eyes sparkling and alive, he'd fed tonight. He was wearing cargoe pants and a plain tee and I caught the whiff of soap, clean and fresh. 

'Wanna talk 'bout it?' He looked me over and banged his hand on the stop button, drawing the item to a complete stop. 

'What's the point?' I tired to catch my breath as I took off my vest and wiped my head and neck leaving me in a sports bra. I collected the knives from the floor and placed them carefully in their home closing the cabinet. I bent to untie my running shoes, kicked them off and started to stretch.

'Maybe I could talk doll and you cud listen, aye?' He walked around the room inspecting every little thing, lightly touching things until I could see him above me as stretched flat on my back. 

'Things in this council move slowly, I should know I seen enough of it.' He let out a chuckle. 'I know you think you can change things with your attitude and confidence but all it does for a small minority is make them fight harder against changes. Greene will forever try to fight you if you keep fighting him.'

I pushed myself up on my elbows. 'It would help if I actually knew why he disliked me so much Con, If he didn't believe me tonight that's fine, but he goes out of his way to make me uncomfortable.'

'He doesn't dislike you Evie, he finds you a challenge. There's a difference hen, you give him something to play against. You training to be a guardian was a surprise to the council. Greene actually agreed to it.'

That surprised me. 'Why?'

'Lets look at the bigger picture here doll for a sec you kin? Elliott, computer geek, I love the boy, there is nothing electronically he can't handle but his mind is not programmed for council strategies or politics. He could show you how to hack a security system, quote full episodes of the mighty boosh but I doubt he could find a solution or debate the finer points in council meetings.'

I lay back against the floor, the cool wood floor hit my heated skin and made me pause and he continued. 

'Then there is Maximus Max. Your brother is a kind hearted soul, full of humour, a true ladies man I tell ye, he can play the entire metallica back catalogue on guitar but he too lacks a certain hard ability to lead. At times he can be off with whatever bit of tail takes his eye, he is not dependable. Both of them ready to take orders and not to give them. He's good at implementing security, good at training with weapons. So that leaves you.'

'Leaves me to what?' I sat up then, sitting crossed legged waiting for the rest. 

'From a young age, you have been to eager to know more, extra lessons, sitting in on council meetings, working for the council from your early teens. You were being trained Evie. Trained to lead. Greene agreed to the guardian training on the basis that it would give you a rounded experience on what it is we try to do and try to keep doing as a community, expecting you to fail. He knows your father's intention, whether he has told him out right or no'. Greene is not going to make any transitions for you easy. As sexist as it is, he sees you as a female and inadequate. The more you push, the harder he'll keep pushing back.'

'Bullshit Con, my dad let me into meetings to keep me quiet, keep me entertained. I was never meant to lead anyone. I'm not council material' I shook my head and stood, making my way to the stairs Conrad grabbed my arm. 

'You are so blind to what you are, what you could be. I see the light around you Evie.' He pulled me too him and hugged me hard, his mouth and damp hair close to my flushed face and neck. 'Di Angelo is a lucky man.' He murmured against my ear. 'I think about you sometimes, I think about us.'

I pulled away then and gave him a little shove. 'That was a long time ago Conrad.'

I felt myself blush as our eyes met. 

'A girl never forgets her first vampire kiss Evie. Thoughts of what might have been keep me warm some nights.'

Just like that I was transported back to my 17th birthday party, two weeks after my actually birthday and a few months before Jasper and I had been together for the first time. I'd stood at the kitchen counter watching Jasper fawn all over some girl in a short dress in the conservatory while I had been knocking back tequila shots and thinking I could take on the world, laughter & music sounding playing out around me. 

When I'd seen him kiss her again, my stomach had rolled and I'd made a quiet exit, skirting around them and out of the conversation doors. I found Conrad leaning casually against the stone wall looking up at the night sky with a tumbler of whiskey in one hand. He reminded me of a celtic god, strong and powerful.

'Its just a phase you know lass, he'll realise soon enough what's in front of him.' He'd drunk the last of the amber liquid, setting down the glass on a paving stone and held out his hand. 'Lets take a walk.'

We walked and talked through the woodlands, until I could walk no more and he'd piggy backed me home. The party was beginning to wind down, empty plastic cups and paper plates littered the lawn, but the music was still loudly and I could hear Max and Jasper laughing loudly. As we used the front door and moved to the living room, closing the door and blocking out the noise.

I watched him remove his leather jacket and slowly lay it down and then he'd been slowly moving towards me. 'I'd like to give you something for your birthday.' He'd said quietly, uncertain.
