 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A story from an online post about a woman using a demon and a witch to get everlasting life and riches. I expanded on that, and this is what happened.

Willing sex, impregnation, and cum inflation.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alex hummed nervously as she stood across the table from the crone, watching as she mixed several ingredients with a mortar and pestle, then dumping them into a simmering pot on a portable camp stove. The woman muttered a few words and the mixture transformed from mossy green with red specks to a pale translucent blue, with shimmers of violet as bubbles rose through the mixture. Alex looked at the witch, beginning to wonder how well this plan was really going to go.

"This'll work, right? Everlasting youth, no growing old or dying of old age?" Alex asked suspiciously, looking from the potion brewing to the old woman in front of her, who didn't look like the sort of person who knew the secret to eternal youth.

The witch cackled, "Heeheehee, you don't like my looks, eh? Worried about being cheated by a lying old crone?" She sprinkled in a black powder that made the room smell like lillies, gave it a final stir, and turned off the heat, saying, "It has to sit a moment before it's ready. And my good looks are due to my finding out this secret when I was already past my 70th year. It doesn't reverse time, dearie, it just keeps the user at the age they were when they drank it."

Alex watched as the potion was poured into a cup and put onto the table in front of the witch, who looked at her and said, "I think it's a fair price, eternal life and youth for your firstborn child. After all, you're young; and it'll be easy to get a child and then enjoy eternity without thinking about them again. Are we agreed?"

The witch stared at Alex, waiting for an answer. Alex thought through her plan, fairly certain that she could pull it off, and nodded her head, putting out her hand for a handshake to seal the deal, "We are agreed, Leah. The first child to come out of my loins for your potion with the power to keep me young forever."

Leah shook her hand and then pushed the cup across the table, turning away to busy herself with cleaning up and storing all of her ingredients and equipment. Alex watched her a moment and then picked up the cup and drained it. 

The potion tasted like spring. New leaves, the scent of a freshly worked garden, and sunlight streaming through the trees. A warmth began to grow inside her, starting around her solar plexus, and moving out from there. She gasped a bit as it hit her head and her nethers at roughly the same moment, making her head feel a bit fuzzy and her loins began to get wet. Alex moved her head to look at Leah, who had started cackling, and demanded, "Hey, what the hell is going on with this? Why the hell am I getting horny?" She squinted at the old witch, "Did you drug me or something?"

"No, dearie, I upheld our bargain. That's just a side effect of the potion. It acts as a fairly powerful aphrodisiac for a day or so, and I've discovered that you won't have to worry about the size of your partners anymore. Small will feel as good as big, and no matter how big, it won't hurt a bit," she shrugged as she folded up her table, "I got curious as to how far the new elasticity went, and it seems we're just a little extra elastic all over. Do you know," she stopped moving and sighed dreamily, "I arranged for a proper test with several well-endowed men, and when they were pound-"

"Ok, ok, I get it, we can fit a lot more than normal women," interrupted Alex, grimacing at the thought of the old woman's test, trying to get away from the images Leah brought up, even while her body slowly heated up from the witch's words. She directed the conversation to her bigger concerns, "Did you find an upper limit on how much or where?" She asked, half dreading the answer. 

Leah laughed out loud, "Oh my dear, even the elderly need some loving. But to answer your question, not really. I have been able to fit a couple of cocks and a dildo or two at the same time into each my mouth, my ass, and my pussy. You won't find anyone in this realm that can break you, and only a few from a different realm could do it. Please," she said with a smile as she put the last of her packages into her VW van and closed it up, "do enjoy yourself to the fullest, and call me when you get pregnant. I'll help you through the pregnancy, and we can even have a little fun, eh?" 

She winked at Alex, got into her van, started it with a cough, and drove out of the campsite they had rented. Alex walked slowly to her car, feeling every brushing of her pants against her legs, her shirt sliding so nicely across her belly and her shoulders, and her bra's silken texture felt positively luscious against her breasts. She sat down in the driver's seat, and only the thought that she would be there for a couple of hours through her magically induced horniness kept her from masturbating right there. Though she did consider that a few hours of pleasure might not be a bad thing, she knew that she needed to get going. It was an hour back to her house, and she had preparations to make before nightfall. 

-----------

Alex stood in the mostly empty warehouse, wiping her hands as she looked at her work. In front of her was a summoning circle drawn in pig's blood, with lit candles placed around it, ready for bringing up the demon she wanted to deal with. She picked up her book off the table nearby and triple checked what she had done. The last thing she needed was to call up the wrong demon and have to deal with it unprepared. 

Satisfied that she had done everything as properly as she could, she began the summoning. Reading out the words from the book, walking around the circle at a slow pace, her voice began to rise as she reached the climax of the spell, finishing in a shout, "Nahzzt'chzak, Nahzzt'chzak, Nahzzt'chzak, I summon thee!"

There was silence, followed by a roar of wind and a low growl, as the circle glowed with a harsh light, and the candles dimmed to a low burn. Alex stared intently as the light disappeared from the inside of the circle, and the shadows moved and coalesced into the shape of the demon. It shimmered into view and she began to feel her libido kick into overdrive again at the sight.

The demon stood roughly seven feet tall, with crimson skin and a pair of curving horns. What had caught her eye was his physique and his cock. He had a lean musculature, a runner's build, no excess fat and no big bulky muscles everywhere. Strong without worrying about losing dexterity or endurance. He was completely naked, and his cock hung freely. It was big, but not outside the realm of being reasonable. He had to keep it that way for most women, if he wanted them to be able to keep their end of his bargains. He looked at her with piercing eyes that glowed green, his face flickering in the candlelight, and asked, "You have summoned me, what do you wish from me?"

Alex set down her book and held her brown bathrobe tight to herself, keeping control of herself to not rush over to him before making the deal. She breathed deep and answered, "From you I would ask to be wealthy for the rest of my life, enough to equal the equivalent of a current salary of two million dollars per year, to change and keep up with inflation and economic changes, all through legal means. Can you do that?"

The demon smiled, and answered in a voice as smooth as honey, "I can, and well for you that you added those words, many ask for wealth, but few give a number. Fewer still ask for it to change with the times. I," the demon purred, "think I might even like that level of intelligence. I assume that you know of my price for such wealth?" he asked with a look that was almost predatory on his face.

Smiling, Alex nodded and let the robe fall off of her, showing that she was naked underneath. She slowly turned, allowing the demon to see her body from all sides, showing off her assets and reveling in the appreciative looks the demon gave her naked form. She was around 5'3", and she knew she was pretty chubby. She had wide hips and a thick ass, with a pair of boobs that were sometimes a pain, but she knew that her 36Fs were eye-catching. She had a round belly that hung nearly as far out as her chest, which she often lamented, but the demon looked at her whole body with a satisfied look on his face. Her body felt hot as she responded to his question, "I bear you a child, yes? I did want to make sure that there will be no ill effects to the pregnancy and birth, aside from the normal ones from a human pregnancy."

The demon laughed, "No, I do not want anything bad to happen to those who bear my children. It is more draining than a normal pregnancy, but other than that it is essentially the same. After all, if word of it got around, I would never get any more breeders who would call me up in search of wealth. It's only pragmatic. So," he continued, stepping to the edge of the summoning circle, "do we have a deal? Bear my child, and have the wealth you requested?" He looked her up and down again, and added, "If not,we could still have some fun together."

Again, she had to control herself from forgetting the deal and just enjoying herself with him, but she knew it would be several months before she would be able to summon him again. She needed to seal the deal if she wanted to be able to pay off her bills and live comfortably. Alex looked at the demon and said, "I agree to the terms," and she broke the circle, allowing the demon to step forward to her and begin their bargain. 

She gasped in pleasure as he dragged one hand along her stomach and grabbed her hair with his other hand, turning her head up and bending down to place a rough kiss upon her lips. He was a demon of breeding, and breeding is easier when pleasure robs the partner of any thoughts of backing out of the deal. He knew how to make her feel good, and he began to change his proportions to make their pairing easier. His height shrunk until he was just under six feet, while his penis changed to size he sensed was the largest she could take with no harm and lots of pleasure. He looked down in surprise as it began to grow as thick as his wrist, and he stopped it before it had finished growing on its own, thinking that his magic must be off. It was already long and thick enough that most women would balk at it, and only a very small number would be able to take it. He wasn't sure if she was one of them, but there was only one way to find out.

Alex moaned as he moved his hand from her belly to her ass and squeezed, and he pulled away long enough to tell her, "I am glad that you are not following the trend of these past few decades, most of the women who have summoned me recently were naught but skin and bone, with hardly any fat to them. They had some difficulty with the pregnancies, but I think you will do fine."

A smile played across her face, soon covered again by the demon's mouth as he pulled her against him, pressing their naked bodies together sensuously. She felt his cock rising against her leg and glanced down at it, stunned by the size. She almost pulled away, but the feel of him and his eagerness, combined with the promises of the witch, prompted her to instead press harder into him, her hands roaming across his back, one settling on his ass and squeezing it. His tongue moved into her mouth, and she allowed herself to melt into him, no longer caring about where her hands were or what they were doing. All that was on her mind was how good he felt, how amazing his hands were, and the thought of him taking her, fucking her, breeding her. Alex felt like she was going to fall apart with how good she felt.

Nahzz indulged her, his hands roaming to her breasts, squeezing them and kneading them, his mouth settling upon her neck and placing rough kisses and licks along it. He was enjoying himself, too. He liked to feel the women he bred, especially when they had more padding than recent years had given him. His strong fingers played and teased at her nipples before one hand slid around and over her, passing over her round belly down to her legs and settling on her ass, gripping it tightly and giving it a hearty slap. She made a sharp noise of pleasure.

His other hand continued to enjoy her breast for a minute or so, while his mouth moved down to make sure the other wasn't neglected. Her back arched instinctively at the intense feelings, pressing her body into him. Her full breasts pushed into his face and hand, her stomach went into his chest, and her hands tried to pull him closer, scrabbling at his back with the pleasure coming from the demon's ministrations. He eventually moved his hand down to from her breast to her lower stomach, sensing her healthy womb, ready for his seed. He growled low in anticipation of the pleasure of fucking her senseless. He had a feeling she wouldn't give up as quickly as some of his recent women.

"Nahzz," she moaned between gasps for air, "Oh, fuck you feel good. Fucking take me and breed me. Fuck me pregnant, Nahzz," she grabbed his cock and pulled him gently towards the bed she had set up in the warehouse near to the circle, just for this. Alex let go and got onto the bed, on her hands and knees, with her ass facing directly at the demon, "I want to feel you inside me, fucking me until you fill me to the brim with your cum."

Nahzz smiled at her eagerness, moving into position behind her, getting the tip of his enormous cock lined up with her pussy, and he began to thrust slowly into her. He was surprised that she was able to take him with no problem, her juices flooding onto his cock. She shuddered as she felt him enter her, filling her up more than she had ever thought possible. More than she could have taken before taking that potion by far, and it was better than she could have thought. She knew the potion and his innate magic were influencing her, but she didn't care as he bottomed out in her and she felt her first orgasm ripple through her. She clenched and made a high-pitched noise in her throat, then subsided with the feeling that there were many more of them to come that night. 

Nahzz grinned in delight, amazed that she could take this much cock, wondering when was the last time he had been able to have a cock this big with a human woman. He was all the way in, with his hips pressed against her, his hands kneading her ass, and he decided he had given her enough time to adjust. He began to pull out, going about halfway along his cock before pushing back in, a little faster than before. Alex let out a throaty moan. 

Nahzz moved in and out of her, building to a steady rhythmic fucking, bending over her to move his hands from her stomach to her chest and back again, exploring her chubby form with his hands as his cock explored her inner depths. He could feel her orgasm building again, and just before she was at the peak, he paused, revelling in letting her sit at the edge of orgasm. A whine escaped her, and he gave her the release she craved, smacking her ass as he plunged himself fully back into her. She screamed her pleasure, her voice echoing around the empty warehouse. 

She could feel the demon thrusting again, pounding her towards another orgasm, and she screamed again as she reached it. 

On her third orgasm, he came with her, his power creating more of his seed than would fit in his balls. He pushed himself in to the hilt, pumping his cum deep into her womb. His orgasm lasted for a full 30 seconds, and he had pumped enough cum into her to make her bloat slightly. She breathed heavily, both relieved that he was done, and unhappy that it was over. Alex let out a shriek as he turned her over onto her back without removing himself from her, and he began to move in her again. 

"I suppose," she panted, "I should have known you would be able to keep going."

Nahzz smiled at her as he thrust, "Yes, we'll keep going for quite a while. I hope you're ready to have a bigger belly tonight. None of this cum will leave your body."

"What?"

"I wouldn't waste cum on the ground. It keeps itself in your womb until it gets absorbed by my spawn. Furthermore," he said as he ran his hands over her belly, "it seems that you can take more than most women, meaning we're going to go longer than I have with a human woman in a long time. I'm going to test your limits."

Alex's eyes widened, and she asked between gasps of pleasure, "If I tell you it hurts, will you stop?"

Nahzz paused, considered, then continued thrusting as he answered, "Yes, I do want to make sure you stay physically healthy enough to carry this baby to term, so I'll play nice and stop if you say it hurts. Until then," he bent over so their foreheads touched, "I'm going to play with you and make you wish it would never end."

Alex could feel yet another orgasm coming, and she screamed as he came with her again, pumping more cum than before, making her belly visibly swell until she looked like she was almost in her second trimester. She didn't feel any pain, just an amazing sense of fullness as he continued thrusting. 

He went on thrusting through several positions before he came in her again, making her stomach bulge out further. She lost track of what was going on, focusing instead on just the pleasure of bouncing on his cock and the sensation of him thrusting into her from behind. 

-----------

Just over two hours since Alex had begun the summoning, Nahzz finally pulled out of her, deciding that he would have to try with her again when he wasn't trying to have a deal with her. She already looked like she was about to give birth to triplets, and he wasn't certain what would happen if his spawn absorbed too much cum. Alex lay upon the bed, her eyes half-closed as she came down from what felt like her hundredth orgasm. The demon smirked at his work, and walked over to the table to put down a lottery ticket for her to pick up when she came to her senses.

"More will come as time goes on, but this is the quickest method for the immediate future," The demon said quietly, "Take care of yourself until the birth. After that," He smirked again, "I'd like to see how far we can push your limits."

When he looked back, she was asleep. Nahzzt'chzak turned away, satisfied with his work, and vanished into a puff of smoke that dispersed into the air.

-----------

Three months later

"Yes Leah, I'm certain that I'm pregnant...Yes, I've been throwing up...Yes, if you would like...No, there's no...Yes, I have an extra bedroom...alright, I'll see you soon."

Alex hung up the phone and looked down at her stomach. It had stayed swollen with cum for about a day, at which point it had suddenly shrunk back to its original size. She supposed that meant that the pregnancy had taken, and her money for life was guaranteed. 

The first thing she did with the hundred thousand she won from the ticket was pay off all her debts and move to a better apartment. Once the next payments came in, she was looking at eventually getting a house or two. 

She stroked her belly idly, figuring that three months would have been enough time to throw off the witch so she wouldn't figure out that Alex had gotten pregnant the same day she had ingested the potion. She didn't want the two of them to know about her deals with the other until it was too late for them to refute her. 

Alex smiled and sat down on the couch, grabbing a pint of ice cream and a spoon on the way.

After all, she was eating for two now.

-----------

"One more push, Alex," Leah said in a soothing tone of voice, "It's about to come out."

Alex grunted and gave a final push, glad again of the elastic properties her body had taken on since she drank that potion. The baby landed gently in Leah's arms after a relatively short labor, and Alex could honestly say that it hadn't hurt more than her monthly cramps, thank goodness. Leah had insisted on no hospital, wanting a home birth, and Alex had realized that the hospital would have asked some questions about the demon spawn coming out of her, so she put up only a token resistance to the idea. She was glad that an epidural had not been necessary.
