 ...with longing in my heart, I walk deep into the woods not caring how the heat beats against my breast. The wind rushing through the thin gauze dress I am wearing feels good. I hate wearing a bra and panties and did not bother with them since I was just going to a quick walk alone. I am lost in my own thoughts of the dream I awoke from only moments before. My dreamtime lover has eluded me once again. I can still sense his masculine scent, the strength of his legs and the feel of his breath on my neck. I love the scent of a man, it is so erotic. As my eyes begin to focus on the real world that I have walked into, a tingle of electricity courses through my body when I see a dark figure run through the trees just up ahead. Danger cast aside, I move forward intrigued by what I thought I saw. We don't get the dark wolves this far south - they usually stay away from humans.

Moving branches and tree limbs aside, I continue to walk and casting aside one last branch, I find myself on the edge of a small pond - trees all around, blocking out most of the daylight. Reaching down to touch the water, I stumble into the pond and feel the coolness against my body. Knowing there is no one around, I wade into the water and dive under, coming up several feet further out. As I rub the water off of my face, I catch a glimpse of the dark wolf running past the trees. Before I can react, a man walks out. He is breathtaking...naked, tall, dark hair pulled back with a leather tie, skin oiled with sweat, his body is hard and I can smell him from where I am. I know I should be scared, but all I can do is stare in awe. He wades into the water and circles me from behind. He is so close now I can feel his hot breathe on my back. Trying not to tremble from fright, I stand frozen in the middle of the pond. My nipples are so hard from fright, I can feel the water moving against them.

When I think I can stand there no longer, I feel a deep whisper in my ear, "I have waited for you for centuries and you have come." Strong hands run up my back onto my shoulders and pull me into the dark man's strong chest. I want to run, to swim away, but my body melts against his and I feel that familiar stirring deep inside. If we were not in the water, I would feel wetter than I did standing against him. His hands move across my shoulders and down onto my breasts. His fingers carressing my nipples through the thin gauze of my dress and a deep sigh escapes my lips.

I turn in the water to face him and he pulls my legs around his waist and his hard cock enters my dripping pussy. I tense at the size and hardness of him, but I cannot fight it and give into the sexuality of the moment. He smiles at my hairless pussy and I see that it arouses him more. His hands cover my breast and flick each nipple as he thrusts into me more firmly. With the water denying us gravity, I float on top of the water around his waist. I want to feel him, to touch him, to taste him. I push away and turn around towards the grass at the edge of the pond. Before I can wade out, he is there behind me, lifting up my clinging dress and running his hands down my thighs. Pushing my back and shoulders down onto the soft grass, he lifts my ass up and thrusts his still hard cock deeper into me. I can hardly breathe, it feels so good as I spread my legs farther apart to feel every inch of him. We find our rhythm almost immediately and I can feel his hands holding me as he drives in and out harder and harder. Abruptly, he stops and lifts me out of the wet grass onto higher ground. As he lowers me to the grass facing him, he moves his legs on either side of my waist and bends down to rub his cock between my breasts and pulls on my nipples with each hand. I have never been so aroused and cannot help but finger myself as he rubs his velvety smooth cock up and down while my tongue catches quick flicks on the head of it. When I think I am ready to faint from passion, he quickly moves down and rams into my wetness so hard I can feel him throughout my whole body.

We fuck hard and fast for a few moments before both of us explode, coming together in a mind-piercing orgasm that left us both breathless. The dark haired man rolled off of me and slowly bit my ear with razor sharp teeth whispering, "tomorrow...again..."


I went to sit up and he was gone, just a glimpes of a wolf's tail as it disappeared into the forest. Funny, they don't usually come this far south...