 I could no get to sleep. There was a lot of stuff buzzing around in my head and to crown it all I was as horny as hell. I was lying naked on top of the bed, my dick hard as a rock. Almost without thinking my hand found itself there. I had my eyes closed and Cleopatra came to mind. I pictured her lying next to me as my hand started to stroke my member with a slow and sensuous motion.

"Why are you playing with yourself when there is a perfectly willing pussy lying next to you?"

I opened my eyes and there was Cleopatra, naked and wanton, just as I had pictured her. She climbed on top of me, impaling herself with one swift motion and rode me at a furious pace. When her orgasm hit her she screamed, let herself drop forward and bit me in the shoulder. It was enough to get me undone too and I shot my wad in a tremendous climax. When I opened my eyes I was back on my bed, covered in jiz up to my chin.

Too stunned to move I lay there for a while before I got up to have a shower. I felt worn out and drowsy. The shower did little to revive me. I only half dried myself and staggered back to bed. I remember being barely able to keep my eyes open as I lay down. I must have passed out after that.

The telephone woke me at eleven AM. I felt shaky and ravenously hungry. Feng was on the phone wanting to know what was keeping me. I asked him to come to my room. Only half awake I threw on a pair of pants and ordered a huge meal from room service. Feng arrived at the same time as my meal.

"What the fuck happened to you? You look like shit," Feng looked worries.

I totally ignored him as I greedily got into the food. Half way through my meal I started to feel better and by the time I had finished I felt almost back to normal, though still a bit shaky.

Feng had waited patiently until I finished eating without interrupting me. When I was through there was no stopping him.

"What on Earth have you been up to? I've never seen you like this. I thought you were about to kick the bucket. You look a bit better now. Can you talk?"

I told Feng what had happened. Feng became very thoughtful and didn't say anything for a while. I did nothing to interrupt his train of thought.

"This is shaping up pretty much as I've figured," he said eventually. "Remember when I told you that the drug probably triggers something within ourselves that enables us to travel this way? Your little adventure just proved it. It took a lot out of you by the look of it. If I were you I'd give this method of travelling a miss for a while. Travel the way we did so far for a while longer until you get stronger and then try again. I think it'll get easier in time as your body gets used to generate the energy that until now has been supplied by the drug. The drug is changing us. We are no longer what we were. Who knows what we'll be capable of doing down the track."

"You seem to have thought a lot about this, tell me, how does the sex bit fit into all of this?"

"My theory is that we are using some form of sexual energy in order to travel. There might be a whole spectrum where sexual energy as we know it is just one of the wavelengths. Other wavelengths have different properties, just like in the electromagnetic spectrum. Perhaps the drug enables us to generate a wavelength that is normally out of reach. Once we become aware of it and get used to manipulating it we are capable of doing that without the help of the drug. It takes a while for this to happen."

"I can see what you're getting at. It doesn't explain why we get booted out of these spaces on orgasm."

"I disagree. Think of it in terms of resonance. Let's say sex is the fundamental wave and time travel one of its harmonics. On orgasm the fundamental collapses and with it the corresponding harmonic. Result ... you go home. Learn how to trigger the harmonic directly and orgasms will no longer affect you. I have no idea how that could be done or if it's even possible."

"Anyway, enough of that for now. What's happening?"

"Uncle has sent you a parcel. It's on your desk downstairs. I suspect it contains your brief and whatever information on the planet in question he's been able to gather. Talla has arrived and is holding the fort. Your computer is back at the bank though I suggest we get rid of it shortly. I have something better in mind. I'll tell you about it when I have our new system up and running."

"Alright. Let's go for lunch and go to the office after."

"So soon? You've only just eaten."

"I'm still hungry."

Feng laughed and we went to the dining room.

***

After the meal we went to our new offices. Feng introduced me to Talla. Like most Oktonians, there was nothing special about her. She was sweet and friendly though and that makes up for a lot. I could see why Feng had wanted her.

The parcel with the stuff the Tai-pan had sent sat on my desk. Time to go to work.

There wasn't much in the package. A plug in memory module and a card with the Chang Corporation logo. On it a hand written note that said: Here you go, Mister Walters. Let's see what you can do with it. There was a hurried scribble on the bottom, presumably the Tai-pan's signature.

I booted up the computer and loaded the module. It contained a lot of material. There were comprehensive reports of astronomers who had done the original assessment, followed by data from space probes. Annexed were the software programmes I preferred to work with. They would have known what I used from my report to the Federation.

The planet in question was about ten light years away from Okton4. Not a big distance these days, but far enough to be very private. The Federation would have a hard time finding out anything useful about what was going on there. About twice as big as Mars it had liquid surface water, frozen at the poles. The orbit around its sun was almost circular, there was no axial tilt, therefore it had no seasons. Daytime temperatures around the equator were around 30 degrees Celsius, night time close to freezing. There were no oceans but there was an inland sea about the size of the Mediterranean. A few lakes, lots of rivers, a large, very high mountain range close to the sea, lots of seemingly deep valleys, a number of active volcanoes and that was about it. The planet rotated very slowly around its axis, making the day about sixty hours long. The year was roughly the same as an Earth year, but since there were no seasons it didn't really matter.

The one thing that stood out was the much higher than expected oxygen content of the atmosphere. That indicated to me that there should be a lot of vegetation of some type or another.

The data from the space probes looking for minerals were disappointing. There was a lot of stuff there, for sure, but no bonanza. Most of the stuff I could identify would have been valuable closer to civilisation. Out here, the profits that could be made would at best be marginal because of freight costs.

As far as worlds go, this one was a beauty. It wouldn't take much to get a thriving colony going. Using the natural resources of the planet and fabricating items that could be profitably sold elsewhere was very much possible. As a pure interstellar mining operation the place was a dud. The Tai-pan, being a mining engineer himself, would have seen that too.

The question I was faced with was if I should put my true findings in a report or should I massage the data somewhat to make them more appealing to the Oktonians in case my report would be used to make the deal attractive. I needed to find out.

Feng was in his office playing with his computers. I went to see him.

"What does it take to get to talk to your uncle, Feng?" I asked.

"You need to see him already?"

"Yes, Mate." 

I explained to Feng what I had uncovered and the dilemma I found myself in.

"I need a policy decision before I can go any further. I can only get that from your uncle."

"I can see that. Let me see if I can talk to him."

I left Feng to it and went back to my office. Half an hour later he turned up.

"He is giving a dinner party at the Chinese restaurant we go to. If we have our evening meal there at around seven he'll pop over to talk to us. I told him it wouldn't take long. I'll piss off now then, see you there at seven."

Feng left. I tidied up my desk and went too. On the way out I told Talla she could close the office and go home. She thanked me.

Before I went to the bar for a beer I called on the liaison officer and told her I would not take lessons tonight because I had an appointment at seven elsewhere.

***

I met Feng at the appointed hour and as usual we had our meal in a separate room. Sometime later the Tai-pan joined us, a beer in his hand.

"So what is the problem, Mister Walters?" he said after we settled down.

I told him about my analysis of the mineral deposits and said: "As far as an interstellar mining operation is concerned this planet is a dud, as you must already know. To make the deal palatable to the Oktonians I can either falsify the data to make the transaction look more attractive or devise a scheme that relies on secondary industries to make it pay. This will take a lot of time and cost an awful lot of money to get going."

The old man listened to me only with half an ear, evidently he had heard this all before.

"There may be a third way," I continued," to give the Oktonians what they want that would take considerably fewer resources and could be put together rather quickly."

That got his attention. 

"What do you have in mind?"

"I think the astronomers have been too conservative when they put their figures together. They have generalised too much. The oxygen content of the atmosphere seems to point in that direction. It's too high for the kind of world they describe.

"To me that indicates that there is an awful lot of vigorous vegetation there, most likely in the deep valleys that criss-cross the planet. I believe the air pressure in the valleys is higher than the average they quote, possibly meaning we can operate there with little or no life support. I further believe that the temperatures in the valleys do not drop down as far as the planet mean. I can't prove what I'm saying without going there, but that is my firm belief, Tai-pan."

"Perhaps you are right, Mister Walters, but how does this help us, apart from making it easier to survive?"

"I am thinking agriculture, Sir. Rye is very hardy and can grow under some harsh conditions. We grow rye, build a factory and pay the Oktonians with Pumpernickel. They would go for this like a shot. Whichever way the wind blows, Pumpernickel will be the most important commodity for years to come. The idea to produce it on their home ground as it were would be irresistible to the Oktonians. They'd give you all the Oktonian labour you want to get this going."

"This is the first sensible proposal I've heard regarding this project. What do you need Mister Walters?"

"I need to go there. I also need a top interstellar agronomist to go with me. I don't want one of those university jerks. I want a man with muddy boots and dirty fingernails."

The old man laughed. "I take it you know such a man."

"Yes, there is someone I have in in mind. He is in his early sixties and still fit from what I hear. This project would be to his liking, especially since he doesn't like the Federation much. He'll probably come if I ask him."

"What do you suggest we should offer?"

"I was thinking two-thousand credits a day plus expenses."

"Go for it. I'll leave it in your hands. You have full authority. Keep me informed."

The old man excused himself and went back to his guests.

"You realise, the old coot has just dropped the whole project square into your lap."

"I wouldn't go that far, Feng."

"You better believe it. I know him. He doesn't fuck around. When he sees a good thing he goes for it boots and all. And you, my friend, have just been declared a good thing. You have to perform though, he expects that."

"This might not be too difficult. I'm not saying it'll be a walk in the park, opening up a new world never is, but, barring any unforeseen nasty surprises, this planet seems easier than most. We shall just have to go there and have a look around. It all depends on whether the place is suitable for agriculture or not. Jack will tell us fairly quickly what can be done."

"I take it Jack is your agronomist. Do you think you can get him?"

"He'll come. All his life he's had to fight the bureaucrats of the Federation to get anything done at all. To be able to develop a world without interference from the Feds will be irresistible to him. If I know Jack at all, once he gets started he'll never want to leave."

By that time it was getting late and we decided to go home.

***

Next morning I went to my office early. By the time Talla and Feng arrived I had already written and posted a letter to Jack. He was on Earth. The letter would get to him within hours. My next job was to identify a landing site for our exploratory expedition. By the end of the day I had five possible sites earmarked that seemed promising. The final decision which one of those sites we were going to use I would leave to Jack.

That evening I had my lesson and went to see Mara. She was a bit miffed that I hadn't seen her for two days. I told her I had just started a new job and had found it difficult to find the time.

"I don't think I can come to visit you as often as I did, at least for a while," I said, "There is much to do that requires my attention."

She wasn't all that happy about it, but she accepted that we all had to make a living.

We had our romp and I was back in my hotel before long, the Oktonian lady satisfied with her cunt full of come.

Next morning a letter from Jack arrived. 

There is a freighter leaving for Okton4 in three days, he wrote. It will get there in ten days. I have booked a passage. The captain has agreed to take my laboratory and personal gear, if I can get it to him in time. I am packing as you read this. Don't bother to send me any money, as you suggested. I shall pay for everything and you can reimburse me when I get there. The world you have described sounds wonderful. I can't wait to set my foot on it. 

"This guy doesn't muck about," said Feng when I showed him the letter.

"This is something he's dreamt about all his life, something he thought he'd never see. He'd come even if he didn't get paid."

"Still ... no questions, no conditions, no anything. He just packs up and leaves. This guy must trust you with his life."

"He has reason to," was all I said, not wanting to get into my history with Jack.

I wrote a memo to the Tai-pan, attached Jack's letter, sent it off and called it a day.

***

I was at the office early again. It was time to establish contact with the Oktonian negotiator who was handling the transaction. I had no idea what the procedures were. Someone would have to brief me.

When Feng arrived I asked him into my office.

"There is not much formality when we deal with these guys.," he said when I asked him. "Why don't we just ring him up and invite him for lunch, show him his office and have a conference here afterwards."

"Suits me. Can you get this going?"

"When do you want to have the meeting?"

"As soon as convenient. I'll make myself available. I want you to attend too."

"I'll see if I can get him for lunch today. I'll do that now and tell you when I've spoken to him."

Feng went to his office to make the call.

Half an hour later Feng called in and told me we would be having lunch with him at twelve-thirty in the dining room.

"These guys are suckers for a good lunch. I don't think their employers are treating them all that well. They love sponging off us. Incidentally, the guy's name is Alfred Dalrymple."

"You are kidding me."

"Not at all. There was an Alfred Dalrymple who jumped ship some eight years ago. They are using his name, but we already know that's not who he is."

"Never mind. I'm going for a beer, there is nothing to do here. Want to join me?"

"Why not?" said Feng and we went to the bar.

Alfred (call me Al) Dalrymple arrived on time and after introductions we settled down for a sumptuous meal with excellent wine. He was a pleasant man in his late thirties with impeccable table manners. Unlikely for a spacer mechanic from Earth as they claimed. He appeared to be an intelligent and competent technician. Again, unlikely for a man of his supposed background. The clincher though was his occasional use of archaic words that were only found in historical documents these days. The veneer of credibility surrounding the Oktonian scam was very thin in places, I thought.

He was pleased with his office when we showed him later. After that we retired to my office for a conference.

I took the lead.

"As you know, Al, the images from the space probes are in the process of being evaluated. The next step is an exploratory expedition that will land on the planet. I have been put in charge of that expedition. The objective is to determine conditions on the ground and to identify a place where a settlement can be established for the next phase. We will go there in a scout ship of a type that is commonly used for such sorties. There will be two small aircraft on board to enable us to cover as much ground as possible. We will be gone for about a month.

"I think it would be to the advantage of your people if you were to accompany us on the mission. Apart from the ship's crew and the three of us there will be a small team of scientists who will gather most of the data."

"How many people in all?"

"There are eight crew, the three of us, an agronomist, a meteorologist, a chemist, a medical doctor and five soldiers, twenty people in all."

"Soldiers? You want to take soldiers?"

"Yes. Have you ever been on a virgin world Al?"

"Virgin world?"

"With virgin world I mean a world no one we know of has ever set foot on."

"No, I haven't."

"Then let me tell you this. We can only speculate what we might find. There may well be hostile indigenous life on this planet. We need to be prepared."

I reached into my desk drawer, withdrew a sheet of paper and gave it to Al.

"This is a list of weapons I will take with me. I would appreciate if you could arrange authorisation from your government."

"I don't think they will come at that. You know our no weapons policy."

"Then the deal is off. I will not set foot on the planet without weapons. No one in his right mind would. A no weapons policy on a civilised planet makes sense. On an unknown alien world it is suicide to arrive unarmed. Your government will understand this. Incidentally, they are not as inflexible as all this. Many Federation officers here carry guns for law enforcement."

"I still don't think my government will allow it. You must go without guns."

"I'm sorry. This part is not negotiable. I will not expose people under my command to unnecessary danger because some bureaucrat is worried that a few people with guns are going to start a revolution. The weapons will be locked up until we arrive at our destination and will be locked up again after our departure. If you wish, you can carry the key."

"And that is your last word?"

"Yes, it is. Don't forget, Al, this is for your protection too."

"I shall put it to my superiors. Is there anything else you would like to discuss today?"

"No. We aren't going anywhere until this issue is resolved."

"Then I shall take my leave. I'll be in contact as soon as I have an answer."

We shook hands and closed the meeting.

"They won't take this lying down," said Feng after Al had left. "They'll go to the old man and complain."

"Then we better get to the Tai-pan before they do. Have you got a direct line to him?"

Feng gave me a telephone number. I rang the Tai-pan.
