 Nafaria pulled his sunglasses up onto his head and looked around him. His space ship was behind him, a crashed space ship was infront of him. He looked around. He was on a desert planet, the sun was high in the sky. He put his sunglasses on again. He psychically scanned the surrounding area, then walked towards an area of sand dunes to his right.

"If he is here, Nafaria, he's dead." His pilot, Dabafa, said from behind the crashed ship. "He's been here at least two days and he would have been injured."

"I can feel him, he's alive."

"Then he'll need food, live food and we don't have any." Dabafa said as he followed.

"I can feed him."

"You're Nakarda."

"You have never complained when I have fed you." Nafaria turned and saw Karnafa sitting against a sand dune. His eyes were closed and his mouth hung open.

"Looks dead to me."

Nafaria ignored him and went over to the Karnafa. He knelt down next to him and touched his cheek with his hand.

"Hey" He said gently. Karnafa opened his eyes. "This is a stupid way to kill yourself, Karnafa."

Karnafa smiled slightly.

"I thought you were dead."

"It'll take more than that to kill me."

"I don't want to die, Nafaria. I brought the ship under control. But I will die, I can't breathe, theres no food out here, I need to feed."

"Then feed." Nafaria offered Karnafa his wrist.

"I can't! You're Nakarda!"

"I can satisfy you. Feed and live Karnafa."

Karnafa bent forward and bit into Nafaria's wrist, drinking his blood slowly. He drank for about five minutes and then pulled away. Nafaria flexed his wrist slowly.

"You take enough?"

"It will last until we get back to Nakarda."

"We're not going back. You'll be arrested if we go back." Nafaria helped Karnafa up and helped him towards the ship.

"I deserve it. I tried to kill you."

It had been five years since Nafaria had be accepted as a Nakarda warrior. Since then they had fought regularly, Nafaria had never lost to Karnafa. Except for their fight the week before when Karnafa had drugged Nafaria with an electric stimulant. During the fight, Nafaria had lost consciousness. Karnafa had been declared the winner until the authorities found out what he had done. Karnafa had escaped, everyone assumed he would commit suicide: it would be an honourable death.

Nafaria put Karnafa into a sleeper and then went back to the bridge.

"You rest, Dabafa. I will pilot." He said.

"I'm not in need of rest, Nafaria. Don't worry."

"If I could not hear your thoughts I would not be worried. I know that you have set a course to Nakarda. I know you will alert the authorities about my apparent ignorance of Nakarda law. I know you cannot be trusted. So either retire to your room remembering that your thoughts are not secret or leave my ship."

Dabafa turned and went to his room. Nafaria sighed and programmed in the co-ordinates.

*

Karnafa walked slowly onto the bridge. Nafaria was sitting on a chair with his feet on a table and his eyes closed. His hands were on his head. Karnafa knew he was scanning the environment. Nafaria's psychic ability was phenomenal. He was able to scan whole planets from light years away and pick out the thoughts of one person. He was able to hide himself and his entire ship from Nakarda scans. His natural ability as a breeder had allowed him to become the strongest psychic Nakarda had ever seen.

Karnafa stood next to Nafaria silently. He knew he didn't have to speak, Nafaria would pick up on his need. He was hungry again: he needed a full feed not just five minutes from Nafaria's wrist. He needed to slowly undress Nafaria and kiss every part of his body, feeling the liquid food running under his skin until he couldn't bear it anymore. Then he'd bite into his neck and suck the blood out of him, feeling the life infuse into his system bringing his libido to life. He'd slowly push himself if Nafaria until Nafaria was gasping for breathe under him. 

Nafaria looked up at him, his eyes glazed slightly. He offered Karnafa his wrist. Karnafa gazed at it in shock.

"This is not what I need."

"I am Nakarda, I cannot satisfy your needs."

"You said you could earlier! If you'd taken me back to Nakarda I would've been fed by now. I may be in jail but at least I wouldn't be on the edge of death. A wrist feed will not save me now!"

Nafaria waved a hand at him, Karnafa flew across the room and hit the wall. Nafaria went over to him and touched his hand to Karnafa's head. 

"This is what submission is like. I hated this when it was what I expected to do." Nafaria showed him the memories of what he experienced with the two Nakarda. 

"It wouldn't be like that, Nafaria. I care for you." Karnafa thought of all the times he had been with breeders; there were plenty of breeders who would have equally uncomfortable memories but with him in the lead role. "I'm sorry, Nafaria." Karnafa leaned back on the wall, gasping for breath. He'd suffocate slowly within the next half hour.

"O gosh, Karnafa. You're going to die if I don't feed you." Nafaria pushed his wrist to Karnafa's mouth. Karnafa bit into him unable to refuse him.

Nafaria helped Karnafa to his feet and took him back to his room. Then he knelt down before him.

"What are you doing, Nafaria?"

"I submit to you."

"You can't, Nafaria."

"I am, Karnafa."

*

Karnafa gently stroked Nafaria's head as he lay unconscious on his chest. It had been four eons since the start of Nafaria's submission. Karnafa was completely satisfied: he wouldn't have to feed for another couple of weeks now. Nafaria's blood was the best he had ever tasted; wild and full of strength. 

Nafaria was stronger than any of the breeders Karnafa had ever been with before. Karnafa had been so rough with him, he'd rammed himself so hard into Nafaria that he'd screamed in pain. Karnafa had loved the feeling he got from hearing Nafaria scream.

He slowly rolled Nafaria away from him and went into the shower. He telepathically felt Nafaria wake up. This was a new experience for him; he had never seen thoughts in colour before. Nafaria's mind was like a golden crystal, sharp and full of hidden, deep, black crevies. Karnafa probed further into Nafaria's mind. Suddenly, all the hidden parts of Nafaria's mind disappeared.

"Don't search me, Karnafa, its rude. Your psychic ability has been enhanced by my blood. It will not last." Nafaria said speaking directly to his mind from the other room.

"What does my mind look like?" Karnafa responded in the same way.

"You are like an ocean. Your thoughts lap against the surface then retreat without warning. Your real feelings are hidden deep under water."

"You search my thoughts, why can't I search yours?"

"You do not know how to do it. Practice on Dabafa."

Karnafa searched for Dabafa's mind. He saw it as a dark blue flower, underneath the petals he could see hints of red. He pulled at a petal then recoiled as he felt Dabafa's pain.

"I hurt him, Nafaria."

"Yes, you move too fast. What did that petal symbolise? What was that thought?"

"I don't know. I didn't look."

"Then look and be gentle."

Karnafa gently moved towards Dabafa's mind again. He touched the petal softly. It moved gently and bent towards Karnafa. A flurry of red words was released and floated around him; he read them.

"He's thinking about us. He's disgusted by you submitting. He wants to report us. He's scared of you. Not just because you know his thoughts. He's worried you'll kill him or abandon him. His mother was a Benalie prisoner who was raped by a guard. You've fed him and he has submitted to other Nakarda. He thinks I'm going to demand him. That's why he's really scared. He wants to be accepted as a full Nakarda like you have but he is worried that you do not seem to follow the rules. You are giving mixed blood Nakarda a bad name."

He felt Nafaria's agreement.

"Are you ready? We're about to dock."

Karnafa looked into the visible parts of Nafaria's mind.

"Why are we on Offworld?"

*

"Are you sure shes here, Nafaria?" Karnafa said as they walked through the deserted streets. "There is no one here!"

"Can't you feel them? Hiding, scared that their children will be taken to satisfy the perverse desires of the Nakarda?"

"Fear is dark blue and jumps."

Nafaria smiled at him.

"How will you find her?" Dabafa asked from behind them.

"I can hear her. I can always hear her."

"Being Nakarda means nothing to you!"

Nafaria waved his hand at Dabafa, he was flung into a wall by the telepathic bolt.

"You know nothing of true Nakarda ways and you know nothing of me." He stopped infront of a small house on the end of the street. 

The door was suddenly flung open. Col'en ran out to him and hugged him. 

"O my gosh, Breeder! You're ok!"

"Yes, little mistress, but they call me Nafaria now."

Col'en looked behind him at Karnafa and Dabafa.

"You're still with the Nakarda? But why? They're horrible, horrible people."

"Be careful what you say, Col'en. I am Nakarda."

"You are not Nakarda. You're a breeder."

Nafaria smiled as he gently touched her arm. She screamed and pulled away from him as he sent an electric shock through her.

"What did you do that for?"

"Just proving I'm Nakarda." Nafaria looked behind her to where her door was open. "Good afternoon, M'lin." He said to the four year old girl hiding behind the door. She moved forward slowly and then hid behind Col'en's leg. Nafaria bent down so he was level with her.

"Hello, little princess. Aren't you beautiful? You're not scared of me are you?"

"You're a warrior" She whispered. 

"I won't hurt you. Look." He put out his hand then slowly moved it upwards. M'lin started floating upwards. She grabbed Col'en's skirt screaming. "Don't be scared." Nafaria took M'lin's hands and held her as she continued to float.

"Put my daughter down, Nakarda." A voice said angrily from behind them.

"Your daughter?" Nafaria said without turning around. "You, C'lin, have nothing to worry about. I will not harm her." Nafaria let M'lin go, she slowly floated back down to the ground. Nafaria turned around to C'lin. "All that time you had in jail didn't put you off mating with her?"

C'lin smiled.

"I thought you were on a raid."

"And you were going to deny us your child?" Karnafa laughed. "Offworlders are stupid, Nafaria, lets go."

Dabafa laughed as well.

"You can laugh, Dabafa. You are the reason we are here. Col'en, this is my servent and now he is your slave. He does not require blood to survive."

"You can't leave me here!" Dabafa said scared. "Please Nafaria."

"Why are you leaving him?" C'lin asked.

"He can not be trusted."

Karnafa smiled. "He is not needed." He put his arm around Nafaria's shoulder. Nafaria shrugged him off angrily and walked away.

"We shall return for you at some point. Protect M'lin."

Karnafa followed Nafaria back to the ship. As soon as the door closed, Nafaria grabbed Karnafa by the neck and pushed him against the wall, holding him there.

"I am not a woman! Never act like you process me."