 Karnafa knocked Nafaria away from him.

"You are mine. You submitted to me and now you are mine. You do not respond to my affections like that, Nafaria."

Nafaria smiled then touched Karnafa's arm gently. Karnafa jumped as an electric shocked ran through him. Nafaria turned and walked away.

"Come, Karnafa."

Karnafa followed without thought, Nafaria was controlling his movements. In the sleeper, Karnafa knelt on the floor.

"You will submit to me, Karnafa, and then we shall see who belongs to who."

"You cannot force me to submit, Nafaria. It has to be willing!"

Nafaria touched Karnafa again. The room went dark and when Karnafa could see again, he found himself on a bed in a room he hadn't seen before. He stood up and saw his reflection in a mirror. He was in someone else's body; the body of a young breeding slave. His hair was long and braided, his form as slight as a woman's and there were small but prominant breasts under his long blue shirt. The door behind him opened and three women appeared. 

"You know better than to remain standing in my presence." One of the women said. She pressed on her necklace, sending a shock through Karnafa's body until he dropped to the floor. "You see," She said to the other two women. "I know you he was fiesty."

"You said he was half - Nakarda. How did you manage to keep him? They take any males to train as Narkarda."

"My breeding partner was not the wisest of men. I raised this little slave as a girl until I could remove the Narkarda. Now he is of age and it is time to train him in his real duty. You two will be the first to touch him and I know that you will train him well. I want him to be the best. A half-Nakarda slave will be expensive."

"We will make him wonderful. Don't you worry." This woman was tall with vibrant red hair. She stepped forward as the first woman left the room. She pulled Karnafa to his feet and attached another set of restraints to his wrists. "These are for the best breeding slaves. All women will know your powers when they see these. We will train you today. I will train you in how to initiate a girl into a woman and my friend here, she will teach you how to breed."

The room went dark again. Karnafa realised he was on the floor of the sleeper. Nafaria was on the bed, seemingly asleep.

"Is that how you were trained as a slave, Nafaria?" Karnafa whispered moving onto the bed.

"The next day I was put to work. I was a slave for ten years before the Nakarda found me. My children populate that planet. I do not belong to anyone other than myself. You will respect that."

"I'm sorry, Nafaria."

"Then submit to me. Then we shall be equal."

Karnafa sighed and knelt down on the floor.

Nafaria smiled and stroked his head before kneeling down next to him. Nafaria kissed him gently on the lips.

"Lets go." Nafaria stood up again and turned to leave the room.

Karnafa looked up at him, confused. 

"You wanted me to submit!"

"And you did. I did not say I wanted more from you."

"Where are we?"

"Marock."

****

The room went slient as the two Nakarda warriors entered the bar. Karnafa ordered drinks as Nafaria took a seat in a booth. A tall, red-haired woman slid into the booth next to him.

"You look fine as a Nakarda warrior, first-breeder, but we know you are nothing more than a slave. Come, breed with me, I will pay your Nakarda keeper for you even though we should be confiscating you."

Nafaria smiled.

"I'd rather die than breed with you, old woman."

The people in the bar turned to watch them, the slaves gasping in horror as this obvious slave created problems for all slaves. The woman kept smiling but pressed her tayza. Nafaria flinched and then grabbed her arm, she screamed and let go of the button. 

"What made you think a Nakarda warrior would be wearing restraints?"

"When you are confiscated and retrained, I will be the first one to experience you; you will experience pain like never before, breeder. I will recommend you for sex slavery, you are too tainted to be useful for breeding. Your sale was not legal, you are still a slave."

"You're right. Therefore, under part five, section two of the slavery act, I claim my freedom and take up my status as a free man."

The women in the bar gasped.

"How do you know about the slavery act?"

"You forget, my mistress, the traitor, raised me as a girl until I was legally of breeding age. I've always known the laws you only teach to girls but I was an amazing slave."

"Wait!" A young woman asked. "If men are free does that mean they can choose who they breed with?"

"Yes."

The male sex slave knelling at the feet of the young woman's mother immediately claimed his freedom, and took off his restraints. The young woman smiled and led him into a breeding room, ignoring her mother's shouting.

"We should go, Nafaria." Karnafa said as other men in the room started claiming their freedom. "There will be a riot."

"I doubt it. Without restraints, the women will not reclaim us and most women will welcome a free society. It is just the older ones who will be against it."

"You went through years of slavery although you knew you could be free?"

"I did not realise there was another life."