  Chapter One: Humble Beginnings 

This is what we were told.

In the old world predating the 31st century, women generally lived in patriarchal societies. The people thrived in technological advances and worked hard to improve their society. Robots came in the forms of nurses, teachers, even companions. Cures for what man had previously thought incurable were invented and mass-produced at astonishing rates. Paradise seemed so close in their grasp. 

Sure, the people didn't touch grass, and growing things were on display in only the richest of neighborhoods, but the people were content. Some said it was the New Golden Age, but even gold had become obsolete in this new formed gem. Mankind had always been infatuated with the idea of mythical creatures. They wrote books about them, made them come alive in the media, and even dressed their children like them for holidays.

Still, no one truly believed they existed. Occasionally people from a marginalized society would claim to see or even be these beings, but they could never be taken seriously. Myth was to stay myth. The legend could be revered as long as it remained separate from reality. 

In other words, no one could have imagined what would happen. 

By the end of the 25th century it was declared that the Northern Hemisphere was too contaminated, environmentally damaged, and polluted to be lived upon. With this, the High Presidents of the Four Hemispheres decided to sever the top of the North to prevent further contamination. Then the North and West would share leadership. They had the technology to quell the forces of nature, they had the brains to pull it off, and the test scenarios were perfectly executed. 

"We are ready to leave the New Golden age and enter the Immortal Age." 

That's what the humans believed. In the old stories humans always lack humility. 

The humans had advanced so much in the few years following their creation that they had forgotten what it was like to be a secondary link on the food chain. So even if they said they were ready for a new age, they were not. 

The strike started the month before final life preserving evacuations. A family of four spotted what they believed to be a "unicorn" in the Northern Hemisphere. Their youngest child had been said to approach the "unicorn" where she then proceeded to touch her head with his horn. 

The parents tried to save their child from what they assumed would be impaling, but found they could not move. They could only watch unable to do anything to aid her. Suzie had been the girl's name.

The family reported that the child had been illuminated in light and when the light faded the unicorn and their paralysis left. In its stead was a message carried by the child. The family ran to their local North Hemi senator and had the child deliver the message. 

The written inscription of the message had said,

"We are the hidden. We have silently watched over the earth since the beginning of time and allowed mankind to change it as he willed. Yet Man himself has refused to change his ways. We tell you this: Do not attempt to destroy the North. We will fix the Earth, but in return we demand that you move 2/3rds of your population to your Mars and Space Quadron colonies. This will appease us. Without this, we will strike back."

The family had caused a gigantic stir. The parents were arrested for global treason. The children had been given to the foster system, but the youngest child, Suzie, had disappeared. 

"They were extremists!" the world had said. 

"Mentally impaired!"

"Greenhouse zealots who cared more about the earth than those on it!" 

They laughed, they talked about it, but no one had listened. The Strike of the 25th century occurred the next week. 

Slowly but surely there were sightings of the fantastical. Unicorns, dragons, ogres, vampires, werewolves, even centaurs and satyrs were spotted. Like many real things their depiction was different from the fairy tales. These were not the romantic creatures of lore. They were a strong breed of creatures that were both beautiful and hideous, and all were dangerous. 

They attacked and the humans were defeated. Technology did not matter if it could not be used fast enough to save one's life. Nuclear weapons mattered little if witches turned them back at you. 

Before long a third of the human population was slaughtered before the humans fled. There was a limited amount of recyclable oxygen as well as space for the vast population of earth. As Mars was colonized and the Space Quadron filled, it was decided that the evacuation would be limited for fear that the creatures would follow.

The world leaders made a cruel choice and left billions of the middle-class and impoverished behind. 

When the dust settled and the technology was gone these humans were as delicate and helpless as newborns.

The witches, second in command and council of these creatures had tired of the violence referred to by them as "The Great Purge." They allowed these remaining humans to live, but ordered that the ways of their old world be relinquished. Those who relented died, and those who remained tried hard to survive. 

The creatures cleaned the earth to its original beautiful and dangerous state. Technology and Literacy was lost, most of the people users of it, not builders or creators. Some humans died due to sickness or animal related accidents, some were simply not equipped to live in a world without technology. They had come from a world where walking was optional and to see nature one had to go to a greenhouse and request a time slot. It was like natural selection, the strong survived and made tribes that endured, the weak became fodder.

Yet there were those who survived. They formed tribes that dotted the remaining landscape and each tribe held something valuable. Out of one tribe came a brave warrior named Zyra. 

Zyra would be the catalyst to change everything again. 

And this is her story. _______________________________________________

Zyra walked with her head held high to the tent of the High Chieftess.

She had managed to kill a big breasted Pegacorn and there would be much feasting. This flying beast that had the head and body of a unicorn would normally not be food, but exiles who wandered into their land could be eaten. It was a common fact that this land belonged to the Rovians. 

Zyra was the lead hunter of the Rovians, and their strong all female tribe had several mouths to feed. 

"My Chieftess," Zyra said grinning. "I have slain an exile. I ask that you take the meatiest portion to thank your devotion to our people."

"Thank you my dear," the High Chieftess hailed holding her face in greeting. 

The High Chieftess' hands were soft and gentle as she brought her forehead to hers. "Though why has such a beast come forth?" 

Zyra shrugged, "He is the first in much time. I doubt it is anything to worry about."

According to the treaty laws, the basic laws that humans would abide by, if a creature wandered on their land it was theirs for the plundering. This also applied to human disruption of the magical land. The creatures despite their barbaric natures had put rules in place. The creatures were united under their Dark Witch council, but all answered to the rare and few commands of the Pure Unicorns who were said to have knowledge from The Maker himself. When their rules were disobeyed the creatures were not killed but instead exiled. Exiles ate to survive and did not eat what they were assigned to eat for their health. 

For example, a Bandersnatch was to eat only the food of the ground, but if he ate the food of the sky like a bird or an apple from an apple tree he would multiply in size and grow fat with meat. The creatures that stood on two legs like werewolves and vampires would be transformed into beasts before their exile. 

Exiling meant becoming food for the humans and as a result their rules were rarely broken. 

"How fares the land dearest? Did the beast disturb the crops?"

"The beast had meant to stake his claim upon our herbs, but he was halted." 

"How?" 

"I stopped him."

The white hunter paint on Zyra's face crinkled as she smiled at her Chieftess' disbelief. "It is an honor my Chief." 

The Chieftess rolled her eyes and sat on her mat. "Truly dear sister. You are a marvel." 

Zyra laughed and sat as well. "Just because you are my sister Kyzu does not mean that I can allow myself privileges above the rest. I am your hunter is all." 

Her sister Kyzu shook her head in irritation, her long hair flowing past her waist. Her skin was painted with the bright purple paint of leadership. Her smooth tan complexion and deep brown eyes made her one of the most prized beauties in the village. If this did not, her tall fluid body that dipped and flowed like a gentle river did. 

It made Zyra slightly self-conscious when she thought of her tree bark-colored skin, overly generous curves and short black hair that rested above her shoulders. She consisted of lean muscle and hid her femininity for the hunt. She wrapped down her breasts to her chest so they would not slap at her. Long hair would get tangled in tree limbs. Smooth skin would tear at the slightest abrasion. Her sharp unfriendly green eyes could see where the prey rested and helped her provide. 

Zyra thought of her practical choices for her role in the tribe and was reassured. It was by all means the best way. 

"Well you shall have the meatiest portion," Kyzu said crossing her hands. "You and all who were with your in your hunting troop. You must rest."

Since the others were included Zyra did not struggle and nodded before she caught a mischievous glimmer in her eye.

"Do you know why you must rest Zyra?" her sister asked coyly. 

At first she was filled with confusion then she remembered what tomorrow was. She hissed a curse and glared at her sister. 

"The second nightmare, I mean...celebration of life." 

That accursed celebration! Twice a year for 7 days' time their brother tribe the Ursies, which consisted of all males, would come to their village to celebrate life. The purest form of the celebration is the giving of life and so the strongest males and females of the villages would mix their sex in order to reproduce and preserve their livelihood. 

If it was a female, the Rovians kept her. If it was a male, the Ursies kept him. The entire village would then choose whom to be with and be in frenzy all week. The men were expected to bring enough provision to avoid distractions from the task at hand. Chances were the men had been hunting for weeks for the event. 

"I am a hunter," Zyra said firmly. "I will be no good to you with child. I have no desire to participate." 

Her sister sighed and looked at her in disappointment and concern. "I cannot force you my sister, but the time of your conceiving is close. You know the traditions. All members of this tribe must conceive at least one offspring by their 22nd year. You are already 20 years. You know the rules."

Her sister looked at her sadly. "If you do not try next year at the very least, you will be exiled. We must know if you are fertile." 

Zyra felt the dread fill her entire body. "We have never exiled the infertile," she spat.

"No," Kyzu said, her voice sad. "But those before me have exiled nonparticipating virgins."

Zyra's frown grew deeper. A woman was still a virgin unless she slept with a man. Her sister was only 28 years but already bore two children. One being a boy, the other a sweet little girl whom she had named Nima. Still, Zyra was not ready for motherhood. Everything in her wanted to fight the rules, but rule kept them alive. It was best to obey them, even if she would rather not.

"I..." she started reluctantly. Oh the spirits must truly despise her.

She sighed, "I will attempt tomorrow," and left before she could hear her sister squeal in triumph.

Zyra was often told that once she had the feel of a man inside of her she would lessen her abrasive ways. She felt for certain it would make them worse.

"Hey Zyra!" a voice called to her. 

She stopped and looked for the source.

"Over here." 

The sound was coming from her best friend's tent. She was not surprised to see her friend, and a medicine girl named Lala engaged in pleasuring.

"Come join us," her friend Ginger asked. 

It had been a name from the old world and was at first feared. The creatures thought them silly, regarding it with as little attention as they did the plant. 

Ginger was a pretty girl with chestnut brown hair that she often complained about and a body of average proportion, not too skinny or curvy. She also had enough sexual energy to tire out half the village. 

She and the girl were both village girls, they stayed and made sure the people had enough medicine and clothes. Then at night they would cook their dinner. They were admired for their skill and were a very important part of their tribe. Older village women would care for the young girls that were being raised. The strong quick women would hunt. On holidays they would switch duties and the hunter women would cook while the village women gathered food. In this way, the village was equal. "You should allow us to teach you the many ways in which to collect a man's essence," Lala said winking. 

"It could assist you in hurrying the unpleasantness, though I am sure you will find it most appeasing."

"No thank you," Zyra. "In fact, I feel as though I am coming down with something."

Lala laughed in response but still beckoned her with her hand.

Zyra found the women beautiful, but that didn't mean she was attracted to them. To be honest, she had never been attracted to anyone male or female. She didn't dare share this thought with anyone but Ginger. 

Ginger, bless her heart was attracted to anything that moved. In her mind she felt Ginger did indeed have some kind of condition.

To be honest Zyra did admire her for her courage to be herself.

Gingers eyes widened. "You won't participate in tomorrow's festivities?" Ginger asked surprised.

Zyra sighed. She was still not used to Ginger's shameless ways. 

"I might try to, but I make no promises." 

"Well won't you join us? What's the shame of pleasure? Or would you prefer to hunt?" 

She gave Zyra a coy smirk. 

"Your strong energy has several of the village girls jealous of our friendship and I would be much happier to make their fantasies real!" 

Zyra grimaced, thinking of her reputation as the village's resident male. It was a necessary curse. Kyzu was the tribe's mother and she was the protector. If that came under the role of "Father" then so be it.

"I have no desire to fuel your games," Zyra said trying to keep her eyes off their mischief. 

"Fine," Ginger said turning back toward the girl and leaning forward. "Here take this husk." It was a smoothed corn husk lacquered in tree sap, smooth and thick. "Be sure to visit me in the morning though."

"Thank you," Zyra said bowing. She took the husk in her skirts before making a relatively graceful exit. 

Hearing the loud obnoxious sounds in the evening air she could tell others were also engaged. This pleasure seeking from the same gender was not uncommon. Some did prefer women, but most were simply pursuing connection, not that such tings mattered. On occasion they would lose a member who had decided to be with a man from their sister tribe. 

The man and woman would be sent to the Awaqui tribe, a mixed gender tribe since their tribes could not live together. They could visit their home tribes after, but never return. Sometimes she wondered what her predecessors would think.

Sighing at her thoughts, Zyra went into her tent and closed it securely. Then she undressed and took the smooth husk in her hand and rubbed up and down it. The husk had been rubbed down to make a perfect notch for what the male penis head was supposed to look like.

A mushroom...or a silly hat. Ginger had died of laughter from that.

She could feel herself moistening. She imagined how good it would feel inside her, the positions she could take that would be best pleasurable. She would push it as deep as possible and maybe sit on it, let it rock within her. Then she would be free to squeeze her nipples and pleasure bud until she came. Then the husk would fall out of her, sopping from her release. 

She had always considered herself to be her best lover. Despite the fact she had been her only lover...no matter. 

If practice made perfect, she hoped she would have a perfect first time. She lay in her furs, and settled into a fitful sleep.