 Chapter 23: Expediency 

Vine pressed a moist leaf to his Sister's brow. Kalia groaned under his fingers, her near identical face staring back at him with unfocused eyes.

"Shh," he cooed. "It is over." 

Kalia smacked her lips for moisture, a strange action for a creature deriving from water. 

"We must put her back in the Mother Tree Takh. She is too weak to go on her own."

Vine looked over to his Brother, Dew-El, his blue eyes filled with grave worry. Together, they lifted the nymph and pressed her back inside of the pure essence. The tree was the corporeal representation of their spirit. Thousands of water nymphs could fit inside of it, allowing themselves to dissolve into its comfort for the earth's blessing and wisdom. In this case, it was for healing.

"The witches have gone too far." 

Takh turned to Dew-El. Despite his fierce tone he was shivering in fear. Long had they been used for pleasure by the witches. Nymphs reveled in pleasure, they lived off of it, fed off of it. It was a way of life. The witches perverted it into a power struggle, destroying the core of it, mutilating it into a punishment, a slavery. It was one witch in particular who was nasty. They knew not her name, simply called her, Dull Eyes. 

"What would you have us do?" Takh asked. 

Dew-El looked around at their nest. No one was being intimate. They were standing, waiting for something.

"Where is Caleem?"

"They did not return him," a Brother whispered.

"They will destroy us."

"No." 

Vine looked at the tree. How he loved it. They could not leave it without dooming themselves. Not unless, someone helped them. "We must...we must appeal to the witches, those of the elements might have mercy on us. Until then, we should scout for a new dwelling."

"We would leave the Mother tree?" 

The nest began to rustle with unrest. Vine could feel all of their emotions. Nymphs were telepathic after all. That was what made this so painful. Hurting one hurt all.

"You know how I feel," Vine sighed. "We cannot keep caring for the injured until one of us goes mad. The witches are unchecked in power. The Monokeros has not been seen since the rites of carnality. I fear...we are hopelessly outmatched."

He was about to say something else when he felt a weak voice call out in his mind. 

"Brothers...help..m-me..."

"Caleem!"

"Brother Caleem!"

"Some will stay to—"

"...watch the young ones and..."

"Takh will..."

"Yes."

The nymphs were in agreement. Vine sat by the tree and watched the nymphs that slipped into the ground, headed towards their injured brother.

"Takh...?"

Talia's slender blue hand reached out of the Mother tree.

Vine held her hand. "I'm here. I'm here."

 ---

"Get up."

Caligula pulled Zyra to her feet. She rose ungracefully, yanking her arm from his grip. She turned to him, tears streaming down her face. 

"You had no right..."

Etaceh walked up to embrace her. "Zyra, darling..."

"No right!" Zyra shoved her away, Etaceh's eyes widening as she stumbled back.

"I hate you." 

She rounded on Caligula like an animal, her face painted with rage and misery.

I hate all of you!" Blindly, she ran at him, tumbling to the ground when he vanished in front of her.

"Enough." 

Caligula stood behind her, his purple eyes glowing. Etaceh gasped. Zyra noted a twinge of fear in her face before a smile slid onto her blood red lips.

"Let us show you your room!" Etaceh bounced happily, forward, her black skirts trailing the floor. She pulled Zyra to her feet and put a hand on the small of her back, ushering her forward.

Zyra looked back at Caligula as he radiated with power. She turned back, rubbed her eyes, and followed Etaceh. Zyra took a deep breath. She had to stay calm. She needed to stay calm.

Etaceh took her down a winding corridor adjacent to the Marble Basin. They passed a few witches in grey garb that shuffled quietly in a line. She stared at them, but they did not acknowledge her. She wondered if they could.

"Here." 

Etaceh gestured to a room without a door. It was very much like the room Zyra had found herself in after collapsing before the Marble Tree. It was dark, cold, and made white of marble. Etaceh waved a hand. A long line of candles began to light. As the room illuminated, Zyra saw the candles made a complete circle around the bed. It had a strange sheer netting at the top, which hung like a tent above it. Inside were fluffy gold pillows and a thin white dress. In the far corner sat a wooden table with a gold jug and cloth. 

"Oh how lovely," Etaceh cooed. "A canopy bed. I always wanted one when I was a young girl. I have one now, but it's never quite the same now is it? Tell me dear, have you ever seen such finery?"

Zyra shook her head. "No. I suppose not."

"You see the candle bases? The jug? Solid gold, and there's gold thread in your sheets as well."

Zyra walked up to the bed and ran a hand along it. Cloth, thin white cloth and not a fur to be seen, and the gold. Gold, the color of Rell and Gharla's hair, the color of Nima's field of flowers, the color of lust, Kail's earring, and Kail's eyes.

"I sewed it myself," Etaceh quipped. Zyra's silence was unsettling.

Zyra turned. "Why?" 

"Well if you want something done right you have to do it yourself—"

"Why gold?"

Etaceh blinked. "Why...it's the color of the monokeros. White and gold."

Zyra looked back at the bed. She could ignore the white sheets, but not the golden pillows. She strode over, picked them up, and handed them to Etaceh.

"I don't need these."

"But...darling—"

"Please."

Etaceh stared at the emotion swimming in Zyra's eyes. "Please take them away."

Etaceh's lips thinned as she made the pillows dematerialize. "Anything else?"

"A door."

"Oh, well that's a quick..."

"You can make a door when you are strong enough."

Caligula stood in the doorway. Zyra didn't like the way he was looking at her. His face was calm, his eyes were not. He could not fool her, no matter what he believed.

"Get some sleep," he continued. "You have a big day tomorrow." 

Etaceh gave her a tight smile. "Goodnight darling, we'll wake you in the morning." With that, the witches turned and left.

Zyra stood alone in the circle of golden candles. She didn't like sleeping in a room without a door. She thought of the trees in the nymph dwelling. They had broad bark. With enough force, she could peel it off. If they weren't going to give her one, she would just have to make one. Zyra put her pack down and slipped off her shoes. Pushing the dress to the floor, she climbed underneath the strange covers. Then she closed her eyes, and the candles blew out.

 ---

A shift, a faint throb, but present, so present.

Scallen knew that something was different in the Valley. He knew the witches had gone to the border, and they had brought something back with them, to be specific, a human. He was relatively sure who that human was as well. He couldn't see Caligula allowing the Rovians anymore of the initial pleasantries he had given, when he was still trying to lull them into a false sense of security. He supposed the old witch thought he was clever.

Scallen's mind drifted off to human in question, Zyra. He still remembered how her green eyes had glittered as he thrust his tongue inside of her. She contorted like a wild thing, pleading for more. He could have done anything he wanted with her, and she would have begged for it. Granted, his venom had given her a little help. 

Scallen was curious to see what state she was in. He doubted she was pleased to be here, and chances were she was alone. Something akin to care stirred inside of him. He did owe her a debt, one that he had repaid, but could never truly be resolved. He had underestimated her and her party, it had nearly cost him his life. Scallen sniffed the air. It was night, too late for a visit. Poor thing would be exhausted. Scallen smiled to himself. 

He would wait until tomorrow.

 ---

"Zyra...Zyra honey, it's time to wake up..."

"Um...Ginger?" 

"Oh sweetie, you do sleep like a log."

Zyra rolled around, fighting her way out of the cloths. When her head surfaced, she saw an amused Etaceh smiling down at her.

"Come, I will take you to the hot spring,"

"The wha—"

"It's a bath darling. You'll refresh yourself there, bring your clothes. Or don't. Whatever your preference, comfort, or level of self-esteem permits."

Zyra hopped out of the bed, hissing when her feet touched the cool floor. Sighing, she put on her boots and rummaged for her huntress garb.

Etaceh looked at the primitive outfit with disdain. 

"If you require more clothes..."

"I don't want anything."

The witch looked visibly annoyed but shrugged with a dramatic flourish. "Never say I didn't try to care for you dear. It isn't a crime to wear more than one color you know...and with a little class."

Zyra didn't answer her. Etaceh led her down the dark corridor, still filled with the moonlight from a perpetual night. At the end of the hall was a painting. It was a picture with three stone towers, a flag on two. The third tower had a scorch mark where its flag was meant to be. 

"A castle," Zyra whispered.

"Yes," Etaceh said surprised. "How do you know that?"

"I've heard stories."

"From who?"

"My..." Zyra paused. Etaceh looked too intent. She shrugged, choosing to keep her mother secret. "My elders. They tell folktales, of the ruins that were swept by the magic after The Purging." The magic users had destroyed all remnants of human civilization, all technology was lost. The humans truly began anew.

Etaceh knocked on the painting three times. It swung open to reveal a steamy white room filled with candles. 

"Well dear, it might please you to know that not all of the ruins are gone. There are...a handful left."

Zyra followed her. The witches appeared to have a lake. It curved around a corner, past the point of her vision. Zyra touched the water.

"It's hot."

"Now you know why it is called a hot spring. Now, take a bit of this."

Etaceh's empty hand soon held a bar of soap. From a distance Zyra could see it was smoother and sweeter smelling than any soap she had ever used. She didn't trust it. 

"I don't..."

"You will use it," Etaceh commanded. "Soak yourself thoroughly. A towel will arrive shortly." 

"A what?"

Etaceh walked off. Zyra sighed. The woman was crazy. She took off her clothes, putting her belongings in the driest place she could find. Then she submerged herself. To her surprise the water was incredibly soothing. Her aching muscles began to unravel and she let out a coo of appreciation. Perhaps not all things would be terrible. 

After several minutes of floating, Zyra decided to see what was around the bend. Taking a deep breath, she began to swim under the water, her open eyes disliking the warm water. Zyra continued, not wishing to swim too close to the surface. She disliked Etaceh enough without having her see, and as a result comment, on her naked body. 

The bend was actually farther than she had anticipated. The place where she had been bathing was shallow enough for her to stand. Now, she was swimming, the bottom too murky for her sight. Silently, she crept through the water. Ahead she saw a large cropping of rocks jutting in the center of a rippling pool. 

At the far end were three waterfalls, each the same height, churning the lake with foam. She remembered the Akeeran land had a waterfall. They used it in their coming of age ceremony. If a child did not pass the test they would be given a second chance. The Akeerans would throw them down the waterfall. If they survived, they were forgiven and accepted. 

And if they did not...

Zyra shook the images out of her mind. The Akeerans were no more, her mother had seen to that. 

Zyra swam quietly towards the rocks. They were gray, made of something she had never seen. A light seemed to glow from within them. She drew closer and closer, until her hand rested against the rock's rough surface. The rock pulsed with a strange energy. It made her fingertips tingle. She watched in wonder as it turned a light yellow. What a peculiar—

"You're curious." 

Zyra shrieked and struck out. Her hand missed its target, instead splashing it with water. She retreated while it sputtered, her face filled with embarrassment, her eyes, rage.

"Who are you?" she demanded, an arm around her breast, the other holding onto the lake's white edge.

The figure seemed to glide through the water as he came closer, wiping his face. A pair of dark eyes looked at her, his black wet hair jutting out wildly against the pale pallor of his skin. He was even paler than Rell. He looked as though he had never seen sunlight. She could see a blue 

vein in his neck.

"I didn't mean to frighten you," he said. "I was merely taking my bath."

It suddenly dawned on her that both she and the stranger were naked. Her face burning, she gave him one last dirty look before diving beneath the water. She swam as fast as she could, back to the place where Etaceh had left her. The woman was nowhere to be found.

"Damn it all," Zyra cursed. Forget Etaceh and the...towel.

She pulled herself out of the hot spring and tossed on her clothing. When she was in the process of slipping on her boots, the pale stranger appeared, watching her curiously.

"Wait. I meant no offense."

"Zyra..." Etaceh's sung rendition of her name did not help her temper. Another cloth was in her hand. This one resembled a fur. The Valley had so many names for so many cloths. 

"Oh, Zyra. You didn't wait for..."

"I'll dry outside." 

Zyra strode past her and out of the room. She had been submerged right? There was no way he could have seen her. How long had he been watching her? If he had been there when she was heading towards the stone he had probably seen her breasts. Zyra saw a white marble vase on her right. She struck it to the ground. 

This wasn't fair. One day and she already felt violated. No door, no privacy, and not a single fur in this Maker forsaken nightmare. Zyra saw another vase, broke that one too. By the time she reached the Marble Basin she had knocked over five vase, three paintings, and two candle stands.

She found Caligula waiting for her.

"Done with your tantrum?"

Zyra stared blankly at him. With little emotion, she pushed down a tiny white statute. It head cracked against the floor. 

"Goodness darling, you could have waited." Etaceh strode forward, a hand waving by each item she had upended. Zyra watched as the items floated up into the air, mending themselves before settling back in their positions. Etaceh was about to go to the pillar but Caligula held up a hand.

"No. Leave it." He returned Zyra's look with a smirk. "I like it better this way."

"Shall I make the others match?"

"That won't be necessary. At least, not yet."

Caligula walked until he stood in front of her. 

"I think it is about time we talk about your training. Perhaps over food?" Caligula smiled. 

With a gesture, the Marble Tree opened. 

Outside she saw the Valley's lush green grass was sprinkled with tiny red and yellow flowers. 

Caligula walked outside, plucked a yellow flower and tossed it in the air. Before it touched the ground it grew in size until it was a large table. Caligula walked over and sat beside it, in mid-air. Etaceh did the same. They looked at her expectantly. 

"Well? Aren't you going to join us?"

Ugh. Zyra walked out, the Marble Tree closing behind her. She stood beside the table.

"Well? Sit."

"There are no seats."

"Oh but there are," Etaceh gushed. "Go ahead. Sit down."

Zyra rolled her eyes and eased herself downwards. She was shocked to find something beneath her. Gently, she sat, both disturbed and amazed that she was sitting on what appeared to be nothing.

"Rule one," Etaceh said. "Your eyes will deceive you. Your senses are more reliable. Your eyes are always the last to know. It means your enemy has gotten too close."

"What will you teach me?" Zyra asked. "And why? What do I have to do?"

"Patience," Caligula said. "All in time. I will answer this, the first thing we must do is teach you how to manage the power of a keromedio."

Etaceh nodded in agreement. "Physically you are in great condition. Your magic however, is rough and instinctive. The first thing you will learn will be how to channel it, focus it into actual spells and not just lucky coincidences."

"There are several division of magic," Caligula continued. "That much you can see from the different witches in the Tree, however it is most important that you know four types. When we are done, you will know Elemental magic, how to resist magic attacks or Defensive magic, Offensive magic, and of course, Practical magic."

"Practical magic?"

"Yes. Making water safe for drinking. Healing a wound. Things like that."

Zyra wanted to ask why she would need any of those things, but she knew the witches would not answer her. Instead she asked, "What about light and dark?"

Her question caught Caligula off guard. "What?" 

"Light magic and Dark magic?"

Caligula and Etaceh chuckled. "No such thing."

A large assortment of foreign food appeared upon the table and Etaceh chirped in glee. "Finally! You'd think we had conjured the fruit instead of summoned it." She selected a purple thing and began to eat. 

Warily, Zyra followed suit. Biting into it, she found it juicy and cold. It tasted like...what flowers smelled like. Hm, not bad. 

When the meal was done, the table reverted back into a flower, and they lead her towards the edge of the dwelling of the nymphs.

"For expediency we have decided to pair your lessons together," Caligula said, pointing to a small clearing. 

Zyra didn't like standing in it. The odd juxtaposition between the heavily wooded thicket and the open field suggested it had been cleared, for her. She felt queasy. 

"We have decided that your Offensive magic will more often than not be a combination of blocks and counterstrikes. In other words, it will be a more...active, Defensive magic. And we will ally your practical magic to your elemental magic. Etaceh will teach the later, I will teach the former."

Caligula's expression foreshadowed a grueling process, no doubt a punishment for her insubordination.

"We start your elemental training today," Etaceh said happily. "I believe that Earth is a good element to start with, considering how comfortable you seem in the forest."

Zyra nodded. "Very well."

"Oh, and one more thing..."

Out of nowhere, a witch strode out of the woods. It was the man from the hot spring. He startled her twice, she, a Rovian huntress, twice! He was garbed in a fitted black robe and wore black gloves. Unsurprisingly, he carried a black stick that had a cloth stretched upon it, keeping the sun off of his form.

"This is Medean, a dark witch from another coven."

"I thought you said there was no such thing as Dark magic."

Medean stepped forward, bowing. "I am a user of black magic. When I cast, my aura turns black, thus why I am called a dark witch. My magic itself is not Dark."

Zyra nodded in his direction and looked away. His face continued to have that same pleasant smile. She wanted to punch him. Instead, she turned to Etaceh.

"Shouldn't we begin?" 

Etaceh smirked at her. "Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"Good. Boys, do you mind?"

"Not at all. I will see her for my lesson soon." Caligula and Medean walked off, and Etaceh and 

Zyra were alone.

"What do I have to do first?" Zyra asked. 

She began stretching. Maybe she would have to climb trees and get magical dust, or perhaps she'd have to dig to increase her hand strength. 

"This is your task." Etaceh bent down and scooped something up. She extended her hand to Zyra. It was a seed.
