 Chapter 28: Raw

"ARRRGGHHH!"

Kail jumped up from his sleep. He turned quickly to see if he had woken up his partner but she didn't stir. Of course she didn't. Why would she?

She was no huntress.

He strolled outside and held his eyes, a headache pounding in the front of his brain. Kail felt himself growing furious for no reason, his body filling with tension from the tips of his fangs and his talons, to his toes. Raging he dug his fingers into a tree and watched the curls of light brown bark splinter beneath him. Then suddenly the anger left. Exhausted, he slumped to the ground. He pulled his hand away, a sheen of sweat covering his brow.

"Zyra..."

The sound of himself saying her name made him feel how empty he was, how hollow he felt. Timing was indeed the cruelest of mistresses. A twig snapped and he glanced up. Leaf had awoken, striding out in nothing but his worn, frayed shirt.

"Leaving again lover?"

Kail looked over her long wiry limbs, firm and olive toned. Leaf was a hermit who lived alone in a cabin that laid right in between the Rovians and their sister tribe. She had escaped from the sister tribe, seeking a freedom all her own. There was a thin scar on her face that went from her eyebrow to the bottom of her nose.

"A parting gift," she told him.

Kail walked up to her and caressed her face. She chuckled, holding his hand. "Why is it that whenever you do that, I feel like you're looking through me?"

"Hmph."

He walked into her cabin and picked up his discarded pants. "I need my shirt."

She threw it at his head. 

"Thank you."

"You know you don't have to come back," she said nonchalantly. "I'd hate to keep you here against your will. Whatever it is that you are, fantastic lover."

He scoffed, knowing she acted out of spite. "I thought you didn't care as long as I had a penis."

Leaf shrugged on her dress and walked over to him. "Well that was the first few times. I can't help be curious now."

Kail looked at the woman. She was an exile, like him. He had gone wandering after Zyra had been pulled away from him. The Rovian lands had too many memories. As he walked without food or water, he collapsed near Leaf's hunting ground. He'd woken in her cabin with rudimentary medicine placed on his miniscule cuts and scrapes. She fed him, gave him water, and welcomed him to stay the night. He asked if there was anything he could do to repay her.

Leaf, brazen as Ginger, put her hands on her hips and grinned. 

"Well, I haven't gotten a good fucking in a while. You could help me with that."

She might have been joking, but Kail nodded. 

"Okay."

She blinked owlishly, an innocent gesture from such a weathered face. "What?"

He spoke again, slowly. "I said okay...come here."

Leaf's brow furrowed. "You're not going to eat me or anything are you?"

"Just a little. If you're open to it."

She was surprisingly open to accepting the arrangement, more so when he undressed, and even more after he'd taken her. The first time she blacked out. He intended to leave afterwards, but her body was warm and soft. He missed the sensation. If he closed his eyes. If he focused, he could feel...

"Zyra, right?"

He looked over at Leaf who tried quite hard to seem unaffected. She'd gotten attached though they spoke very little with their mouths.

"You're going back to her aren't you?"

"I can't go back to her," he said mirthlessly. 

"Then you'll be back?"

Her hope made him wince. She was supposed to be taking him for a ride and she'd given him the reins. "I don't know."

"I see." Leaf rubbed her nose and shrugged. "Well I'll miss your dick Kail. For someone so green you sure can fuck."

Kail gave her a rare smile. "Thank you Leaf. Are you sure you don't want to come with me? You'll find a place with the Rovians. They are a nice group of humans. I get the feeling you do not want to be out here all alone."

"It has its moments of uncertainty," she admitted. "I will always be lonely, but I will also be free. That's what we exiles are Kail, free."

Kail slipped on his boots and walked outside. 

"That's where you're wrong Leaf." He looked at his hand which still quivered with outside rage. 

"I haven't been free for a very long time."

He bowed to her. "Take care of yourself."

"You too lover."

With a sigh he headed back towards the Rovian camp. Zyra had needed his power. That was a bad sign.

"What trouble have you gotten yourself into now Zyra?" 

--

"Uugghh..."

She rubbed her head against her sheets, glad that they were so warm. Her naked body ached. Once again the repercussions of overexertion had come full circle. She lifted her body up and heard the bed giggle. Her eyes snapped open. She was lying on top of Scallen.

"Good morning sszZyra. Sssleep well?"

Her jaw dropped. Hurriedly she wrapped her arms around her breasts. His green eyes glittered with amusement.

"Well?"

"...what the fuck is wrong with you?"

"Oh? What do you mean?"

Zyra snatched up the basilisk skin that covered her lower half and wrapped it around her, tumbling back.

"I'm naked! Why am I naked?"

"I thought all humans ssslept naked."

"Not all of the time!"

"And thisss time?"

She glared at him. A thought occurred to her.

"Why was I on top of...?" Her face flushed. "Did you-d...did we?"

"No," Scallen chuckled darkly, standing up with a wide smirk. His usual nakedness seemed lewd given the context. "If we did...you'd undoubtedly know..."

Zyra blushed. "You're...you're...sick!"

"I, am sssick?" Scallen pointed to the far corner of the cave. "You were sssleeping over there...and I am sssick? Honestly ssZyra, your ability to sseek out blame iss almost asss remarkable asss your ability to sseek out heat...Was I to turn you away when you sssought mine? Asss a friend?"

Zyra glared at him and looked to where he'd pointed. Sure enough there was a bed of skins arranged in a far corner, and they were scattered in a manner that indicated someone had rolled. 

Rolled a lot. 

She blushed.

"Well, next time just push me back okay? I don't want to wake up like this again."

"Why?" Scallen teased. "You ssseemed to enjoy it...my touch..." He tilted his head. 

"You're quite affectssstionate in your sssleep, sssZyra. All those represssssed desiresss...you nearly came on my thigh you know. All that rubbing against it and sssighing...I should have put you out of your missssery..."

He ducked, missing the rock aimed for his face. 

"Give me back my clothes!"

Scallen chuckled evilly, but obeyed, handing her the clothing. "I'll be back," he stated sliding away. "Don't leave. Feel free to make yourself...de...ssscent..."

"I hope you do the same!" 

Zyra watched him retreat and huffed. Mumbling, she began binding her breasts tighter than ever, hoping to be flat chested for the day. That miserable lout. He loved toying with her emotions, surely she would never be so...

She put a hand between her legs and felt her wetness, and how a thin coating spread between both thighs. Like she had been rubbing on something.

"...oh no..."

Embarrassed beyond belief, she tossed on her clothes, grabbed her weapons by the cave's mouth and ran from the room. She ran until she saw light above her. Climbing up using the long roots she could feel but not see, she popped her head up and saw...the nymph tree. Immediately twenty sets of blue eyes snapped to her.

Of all the terrible places to appear.

She released the roots, falling downward, but a vine snatched her by her waist and pulled her up. She reached for the sword on her back, cursing, but before she could reach it, she was bound upside down in front of a Vine look-a-like. The blue creature with his fine physique had long vine-like tendrils that went down to his butt, his only distinguishing feature. He wore it half up and half down, his smile accented by dimples. 

Fuckta. 

"Friend Zyra," the soft masculine voice said. "So good of you to come to us." He waved a hand and she was suspended in the air upright. She waited for the blood to stop rushing backward before speaking to the handsome nymph youth. When the world stopped spinning, she saw that her shirt had slipped off. 

Oh, Maker.

"It was an accident," she groaned. "I didn't mean to come here. I am disoriented and confused. So if you could just drop me back in that hole..."

"There is no mistake," he said, gently touching her face. "You are Friend Zyra, protector of the nymphs, conqueror of Dull Eyes. I am Caleem. Had it not been for your kindness, I too would have been lost to the witch's cruelty. I owe you a great debt."

Zyra could tell the nymph with his attractive face and long green hair was quite serious. She made sure not to look directly at the thick bark-like member protruding from a nest of what looked like soft green moss at his groin. 

"You owe me nothing." Zyra said firmly. "It was your people who dispatched Dull Eyes, I merely aided you. This is false hero worship and I insist that this be understood."

"It is not misunderstood."

Zyra looked to the nymph coming forward.

"Vine?"

"Yes, Friend Zyra."

He stopped before her, seemingly unsurprised.

"You confuse them," he said, looking amongst his brothers and sisters. "They do not understand the depths of human repression, nor do they understand the tone nor purpose of reluctance when the invitation has been given." He looked at her clothed thighs and smiled. "And it has been given." 

"But Vine," she pleaded. "You understand. You know what this will do to me."

"I have a minimal understanding," he acquiesced, "Though the most prevalent is that this tendency in you humans is irritating. But with the right stimulation..." he gave her a wicked smile, "can be overcome."

She grit her teeth, horrified at the heat she felt build in her stomach. What was happening to her? She had never been so...easily...what was the word? 

Caleem stretched out a beautiful long-fingered hand, and placed it on her back. Slowly he slid up, fingering her breast bindings. Her back arched and she forced it back down. 

So easily arched before. 

The invitation business was horrible. She wondered what the invitation was exactly. Zyra had a theory that the nymphs could smell desire, much like an ogre could see it. The more aroused she became, the bolder the nymphs would be, thus why they saw arousal as an "invitation." It was yet another thing that made their human features so deceiving. They were, for all their shape, animals. 

Caleem managed to undo her bindings and she felt her breasts come free. He pressed a warm palm on her breast and smiled at her when she shivered, kneading the full round mound.

"Don't touch me! Get off! Now!"

"Gharla and Enui were reluctant at first," he said walking to stand before her. "But after time in our presence began to understand the truth. You are understanding and caring when you choose to be. You will come to understand, but..."

He leaned over and whispered, his warm lips circling her ear. "I have not yet forgotten the slight you dealt me and my people in your ignorance." The direct way he spoke no doubt endeared him to Gharla. 

"Ignorance?"

"And I have not forgotten your promise to allow us to praise you in a celebration for your honor." He touched her other breast, seemingly more out of curiosity than lust. 

"Soft. I had always thought you'd be firmer...like a human stone."

"Hey!"

She cursed as four more nymphs approached. Vine released her, talking charismatically as though they were sitting beside a fire swapping gossip. 

"I was informed by my beloved that in order to prove one's truest devotion, your kind devise a strict monogamy with your loves. Is that correct?"

Zyra was trying to control her breathing, Caleem's body radiated heat as he pressed behind her, his member sliding against her butt. His lips kissed her neck lovingly, too lovingly, as his fingers began to play with her nipples. In a moment of weakness she strained wildly against the vines. 

They tightened. 

She screamed as they spread her wider, her scent no doubt spilling over their land. Unsurprisingly her pants split, and Caleem merely tugged the tattered remains off. The nymphs appeared steadily now coming in to surround her, but Vine held up a hand.

"Zyra?"

She wheezed, overflowing with arousal and hatred.

"What?" she spat. 

"You didn't answer. Regarding monogamy."

"It is true. Now let me go. I am monogamous with my Ursie lover."

"Oh? What is his name?"

"Fenrir." Damn, why did you not say Rell?

"When did you see him last?"

"Surely you know—"

"That you are a terrible liar? Indeed. It endears us to you."

Vine looked to the nymphs and back at her, frowning. "Gharla and I made no such pact, but I do not wish to dishonor her in any way. Nor do I wish to seem ungrateful. To leave you in the care of the others who know very little about inhibited human females like yourself would be irresponsible. Enui's ailment was caused by a lack of understanding of human limitations. Gharla was mine alone." His blue eyes wandering over her. "It is my wish that your image of me and my devotion to Gharla not suffer because of your beliefs. Yet, you must experience the depths of our gratitude."

"Vine—"

"Surely as a keromedio you could withstand us. I shall watch over the proceedings and give instruction. Caleem?"

Caleem pulled down her underpants, letting them fall to the ground. Her hands began to tremble as panic and arousal warred within her. She would use logic one last time.

"She'll be hurt if you do this to me," Zyra shrieked."You don't understand her the way I do. I have lived my entire life by her side. What would you know after mere weeks in her presence?"

Vine leaned against a tree crossing his arms. His eyes narrowed. Zyra bit back a whine when another nymph knelt in front of her. She felt Caleem's hand brush her womanhood and her fury reared its ugly head.

"Get your paws off of me!"

"But we have hands, Zyra."

His snarky tone unhinged her. "Bun bú raw! You muck infested, rock addled, worm for brains, son of a Perkadu! You are not worthy of Gharla! You loveless—"

To her horror a vine wrapped around her mouth. She tried to bite it, but it pushed harder, and for fear it might somehow enter her mouth, she grit her chin. Vine strode forward, stopping only when their noses might touch.

"What would you know of love, Zyra? You who has never truly given your whole self to anyone? You who would play with the hearts of many? Whom could you claim to love?" 

She watched Vine transform into a very blue, very naked Medean.

"Is it your manservant? The one who struggles in a way most unbecoming?" He strolled in a circle before her. "My skin crawls knowing it takes the form of a witch, but your love of the ogre...it is gone is it not?"

"You shut your mouth! You shut your filthy mouth!"

He could not understand her grumbles, but understood her intent. He gestured to himself, as pale a blue as he could muster to capture Medean's hue. "If this is what you require to unlock your mind and spirit, so be it."

He reached for a female nymph who was busy feeling up herself and whispered into her ear. Without pausing her busy fingers, her body rippled into Zyra, body amplified with curves and wantonness in a lewd, unnatural way. Vine/Medean pulled her against him and they both gazed at Zyra as he caressed her. 

The air around her felt thick, hazy, and without warning began to smell of sex. The sensation of the fingers sliding down her skin, around her body almost innocently, put her in a trance. Then, a squeeze of a nipple, a flick at her clit would bring her back to her sordid reality. She moaned around the vine fixed in her mouth, fixing it open. Biting did not loosen it. She grew tired. 

All she could do was gasp and slobber over the vine, her body dangling in the air like a decoration.

"Do you like it, Friend Zyra?"

Her breath hitched when she felt Caleem's long blue fingers circle her opening. He pushed into her wetness and she shrieked, squeezing the intruders painfully. The nymph purred cooing against her burning skin. She wriggled in vain as the long warm digits began to thrust, each movement becoming easier and easier as she drenched his hand. Why? Why was she so wet? Damn, them. Damn these fools for arousing her. For that she was furious. One more word, one more push— 

"You do like it? Don't you human?" Vine's laugh echoed within the chambers of her ear.

Zyra lost it.

Viciously, she rammed he head backwards into Caleem's face. He cried out, stumbling in shock. The vine loosened. Twisting, she punched out, catching a female on the chin. She kicked and clawed and fought, mauling any nymph that was unlucky enough to catch the flurry of her blows, fighting harder and harder, causing injury and woe until she found herself bent at the waist and bound so tightly she could not lift her head nor wriggle her toes.

The nymphs looked at her curiously as though they had never seen such a violent display before.

"Where do you suppose she gets the energy?" Caleem asked Vine with more awe than anguish. "I have never seen beast or man wrestle against the vines of the mother tree so passionately in such a manner..." 

Vine had returned to his original form thanks to a well-placed kick. He looked at the human with contempt. "She has a wellspring of malice at the back of her spine," he snapped. "It would be good of us to drain it."

Zyra glared at the ground, her thoughts dark and hateful.

Beside her Caleem went back to his task. Reverently, he pulled down her underwear. The cool forest air cool on her groin and she blushed, her nipples hardening. She could feel the moisture between her lower lips returning with embarrassing ease. Before long Caleem put three fingers inside her. She knew what was coming. Her heart raced. She felt the vines on her shoulders loosen and Caleem tilted her chin up to look at him.

He was licking his fingers still moist with her flavor. She could tell it pleased him. His bark-like member twitched uncomfortably, rigid like a tree, swaying gently under an invisible wind. She shivered.

"Are you ready Zyra?" Caleem whispered softly. He pressed it against her, rubbing his member up and down, firmly teasing her soppy opening.

She closed her eyes. She should have stayed inside the damned cave. She should...

"I should have listened to Scallen."

"...Yesss. You ssshould have."

Zyra's eyes shot open and her head jerked in his direction. He stood there leaning against a tree, his pink cock jutting out wetly. 

"I did tell you to wait for me."

Casually he strode over, the nymphs pausing, remembering that Scallen had some claim to this woman. Vine looked at him with obvious irritation. Scallen's response was his obnoxious grin.

"Takhhh...or, isss it Vine? Hsss...you look terrible."

Vine shrugged the guise of Medean off grumpily. "I have been entertaining your female friend."

"ssShe hasss that effect on mossst people..."

"MmH!"

"Though sshe begsss... to differ..."

Vine walked to him, his usually open arms crossed. "She has given the invitation Scallen. It is well within our rights to have her. Do not forget that you have interfered already, my friend. To interfere again—"

"The sssituation iss more complex...sss than you realisse..." Scallen glided forward, his eyes looking over Zyra's body unashamedly. "For one, she issss...the keromedio," Scallen stated. "Ssshe is your protector...you would do well to not revoke sssuch protect...ssstion..."

He stroked a piece of hair behind her ear, ignoring that her hair was in chaos, the unlucky casualty of her violence. She tucked her head down, embarrassed he was seeing her in such a state. Again.
