 Chapter 34: Home

"ALERT! ALERT! The valley has been breached!"

Etaceh ran towards the gaggle of panicking gray witches angrily. "What was it? Do you see where it went?"

A gray witch bowed respectfully. "The signal went out, but we could not see what it was. It disappeared."

"Disappeared?"

Etaceh rubbed her temples. "I swear to the Maker that if you do not find what caused the alarm to sound, I will choke the life out of you, gray worm! Now go!"

The witch scurried off, consulting the water basin and mystical tomes with its kind. Etaceh nibbled at her blood red fingers worriedly. With Zyra, Scallen, and now Medean gone she was the sole protector of the Valley. Surely Creedon knew this. His Reani warrior was a clear indication that there was nothing he was not prepared to do for his revenge. He was growing bolder, but bold enough to cross into the valley himself? Surely not, and yet, she wasn't sure. 

How could she be?

"I wish..."

She stopped the thought. No, there was no way she could. Not after everything he'd done. But she was alone here with more enemies than allies, and it seemed like things were only getting worse.

Pushing the witches aside she dug her fingernails into her palm until blood ran freely, and spilled the drops into the pool. "I call forth Hecate, who is mother. I call forth Circe who is sister. I call forth the protection spells of old."

The water sizzled and Etaceh looked around. "Does anyone have a stone?"

A grey witch scuttled forward with a brick.

"Close enough."

She dropped it in the pool and the grey witches began their chants, giving her strength. 

"I call forth Hecate..."

"I call forth Circe..."

"Rise..." Etaceh commanded. "Rise warrior born of blood and stone!"

Out of pool rose a massive creature, grey and hulking with blood red eyes. It shook itself dry and stepped out of the basin, standing several feet taller and wider than her. 

"More!" Etaceh bellowed. "More warriors!"

Four more emerged all varying in size and shape, but all strong and intimidating.

"Pledge your loyalty to me creatures."

The looked at one another, then the biggest of them who Etaceh stared down, daring him to disobey. He bent onto one knee and the others followed.

Etaceh placed her hand on its head, and he grumbled appreciatively, sensing that his blood was her own.

"Master," he rumbled.

"Yes, I am your master. My land is threatened. Settled yourself beneath the earth on the edge of the border that separates our land. If you sense anyone enter rise and defend me!"

"HUH! 

The warriors rose and from themselves formed their own weapons, spiky lances, dangerous mallets, deadly blades.

"Go now!" Etaceh commanded. They stomped off to obey, and Etaceh ushered a gray witch forth to the ground. He knelt and she sat on him, sighing.

"Fetch me my wine, I'm parched. And someone do make sure they go the right way. Golems have no sense of direction, the giant fools."

Her mind drifted back to the Nightlock. 

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed. She'd forgotten he'd left the valley, for lord knows why. She jumped up and rushed after her creatures. Why did she have to do everything?

———————————————

River was in trouble. He was in more trouble than he had ever been in his entire life. He remembered that as he led the red-headed female to his family's hut that had been repurposed for the keromedio. He kept waiting for a nymph to spot her or a centaur to sniff her out, or worse, a witch to find her, but no one did. 

In fact, despite having such a garish human hair color, she was quick and stayed hidden quite well. Someone times he was sure she wasn't there, but anytime he turned she was right on his heels, glaring him down with those piercing cool eyes of hers. He reached the hut and pulled the door open, watching her slip inside. He closed it behind him sighing.

"You know, this is not—"

Turning back he was stunned to see a knife at his neck.

"Where did you—"

"Listen green one," she hissed. "I am here to seek out the one you call...kero something...she is a human in this valley. Her name is Zyra. Do you know her?"

"Know her?" River scoffed. "This is her home."

Firetoucher's eyes widened and she took in the room for the first time. Yes, despite the oddness of it, she could see Rovian touches. The water station, the furs on the ground huddled together. Had her baby ever gotten the luxury of furs upon his skin? Certainly not since she had run. Glory began to hiccup, waking from slumber hungry. She looked at the creature and her baby and decided to put down her knife.

"Are all human women so violent?" he asked. 

She ignored him, settling into the furs and putting her baby to her breast. River blushed, turning from her. He'd seen her pink nipples, standing full and proud. Her chest was freckled. He wondered why little things like her variety of color made her so attractive. Reds and pinks, and browns, and greens. Humans were so...mismatched. 

"Where is she?"

"Zyra is not here," he said, "She is on a mission." 

"When will she be back?"

River shrugged. "She is the keromedio. It is not my business."

He gestured to a chest beside her. "This place is sustained by the garden outside and she has stores of dried meat in that one, my...sister, helped set her up." Mourabet was kind of like his sister. Might as well go with it. 

"Your sister, she is friend to Zyra?"

River laughed out loud, coughing to cover it a bit. "Sure. What is your name?"

She looked at him suspiciously. "Will it give you power over me?"

"No. I'm not a witch."

"You are...an ogre yes?"

He smiled, his fangs peeking over his lips. "Yeah. I'm guessing you know my brother."

"Brother?"

Firetoucher saw the resemblance then, though he was much leaned he had the same bright golden eyes, the same bright red hair, the same cocky smile. But she could see he carried none of the lines of torment in his brother. He was an innocent, pure and untouched. He was a handsome youth.

"Kail is your elder brother?"

"Yes," he said. "How does he fair?"

Firetoucher sighed. "I do not know. I...ran from my village around the time Zyra entered the valley."

"Why?"

She pulled her baby from her breast, and rocked him, burping him so he would not become sick. 

"My baby is a boy."

"So?"

"Our village only allows female children."

River's face drained of blood. "You kill your boy children?"

"No! They are given to their fathers! The all male Ursie tribe."

"Oh. And his father is dead?"

"No. But he would be a poor father. My child will not be a pawn in his game for power."

River yawned, stretching out, and noticing her eyes following the curve of his body. Well then.

"You aren't safe here," he said honestly. "And I've never been near a witch and don't intend to start now. But I know someone who might be able to help. Until then..."

He walked over and reached beside her, ignoring her intake of breath and lit Zyra's lamp.

"Stay inside," he whispered.

She nodded. River exited, his heart racing. Mourabet was going to kill him if she found out. Or rather.

When.

————

"I wouldn't."

Azmaria turned in surprised. She'd been following Zyra for several minutes when she disappeared down a hole beside a giant wall. She was about to follow them when the strangest creature she had ever seen interrupted her. He was all white from head to toe and had pitch black eyes and long white hair that went past his waist. He was naked and every inch of him was build with care and perfection. Never before had she seen a creature so...beautiful.

"What are you?"

He stepped forward. Her heart raced as he stretched out a gentle hand, and caressed her face.

"I am someone who watches over you."

"But I've never seen you before."

He smiled. "And yet I have never let you out of my sight."

"Why?"

He trailed his finger tips gently across, the pads of his fingers grazing her lips and setting her sense ablaze.

"Where you are heading is dangerous. What do you hope to find by following the keromedio and her friend into the Darklands?"

"I have to speak with her," Azmaria stated. "She...I have something to tell her."

"What?"

"I don't know. But I have to find her."

The man sighed, putting his hands on her shoulders. They were warm and encompassing.

"You will not wait until she returns. You will follow her even if I ask you not to."

"Yes," she answered, though he hadn't really asked.

He reached into his hair and plucked out a few strands.

"Close your eyes."

Azmaria looked in his eyes, and swore she saw blue, deep within them. A blue that had once been like the color of her skin, and now was as deep and pitch as the night.

"Azmaria."

She closed them and he released her, leaving her for a minute in suspense. She jumped when his fingers came to circle her neck. She could feel him inches from her lips, breathing warm air on her face, and making her shiver. 

"What are you..."

A thin cord slid gracefully onto her neck and she opened her eyes. Somehow the hair had been braided into a solid silver cord. She turned it in her fingers, a humming resonating in it.

"Promise me you will never take it off."

She looked up at him in confusion. "Why are you giving me this?"

"For your protection. It will protect you from any illusion and falsehood."

She stared at him, her gut squeezing. His eyes, how could a stranger look at another stranger so...longingly?

He pulled her close. "Promise me."

She found herself nodding. "I promise."

He kissed her forehead, took a step back. 

"Wait! What is your name?"

He smiled. "When you remember my name, all will be revealed."

With his riddle, he disappeared in a flash of light.

How strange. 

Azmaria touched the necklace again to confirm it wasn't in her mind. There is was, lovely and surprisingly strong. Clutching it, she jumped into the hole.

——————

"So, how do we get in?"

Scallen looked at her from the side of his eyes."No hesssitation? I don't know if you impresss me...or horrify me..."

"If we stick together we'll be fine."

Scallen scoffed. "If only we could bottle and sssell your confidence...ssss"

Zyra raised a hand to her frowning companion.

"Come on."

He rolled his eyes and took her hand. 

"Firssst we mussst find an entran...sssce."

She nodded, following suit. They walked around the expanse of the glass monument, and after a full perimeter run, found that it was seamless.

"We can't enter it," Zyra mumbled. "Maybe if we..." She drew her sword.

"It cannot be broken..." Scallen scoffed. "Perhaps...it might work through touch...sss"

Zyra put her hand on the smooth glass and jumped when her fingers immediately sink through. She pulled back in shock. "Well then."

Scallen let out a sorrowful wail. "I had hoped we would find no entrance... There truly issss no ressst for the wicked...sssshall we?"

Together they pressed against the wall of the House of Mirrors, sinking inch by inch. It felt weird, like diving into solid water, but they continued to submerge until they were painfully snagged by their joined hands. Zyra struggled to pull herself back out, but found she could not, the House itself sucking her in.

"Scallen! If we don't let go it'll cut our hands off!"

 "ssZyra don't let go! It's an illusssion, you have to bear the pain!"

A painful knick on her wrist made her struggle even more in vain.

"I..I-I can't!"

"Don't!

Zyra inhaled sharply when she felt her wrist bend back and a terrible slice sever the bottom. Scallen cried out, feeling the same. 

"S-scallen! I-I'm sorry!"

Kicking out she pushed the reptile away hard enough to yank out of his grasp, sliding fully into the House's clutches. 

She laid on the floor cradling her useless hand, afraid to look at the damage. After several minutes she worked up the nerve. Zyra looked at her wrist and the pain vanished. There was no damage. No cuts, no scars. It really was an illusion like Scallen said. This wasn't good. 

Looking around she saw nothing but hollow darkness, making every sound reverberate on the walls, the sound of her own breathing ringing like a monstrous, fearful chant.

"Scallen?"

Scallen?Scallen?Scallen?Scallen?

What an echo. 

Zyra reached around, waking slowly, spreading her arms out to find anything solid. She bumped into a wall and abruptly a light emitted from the ground, spreading panel by panel until even under her feet were illuminated. As each panel lit she realized that this was not like any room she had ever been in. She was surrounded wall to wall, floor to ceiling by mirrors. 

Thousands of Zyras looked back at her in horror. She tentatively took a step forward, telling herself to focus only on the spot in front of her, but she would get dizzy and stumble, get turned around, forget where she was. She ran forward, aiming to get the other side of the wall and would fall into the nothingness. 

Sighing she closed her eyes and used her senses.

Come on Zyra. Where is the exit?

She stood still for several minutes until she felt a breeze coming from her left. 

Ha! Take that house of horrors!

Gingerly, she followed the air, telling herself not to open her eyes no matter what she felt. Step by step she felt as though the mirror beneath her feet would suddenly give way, but why would it? Was the dark so frightening? Perhaps, when you were alone. Zyra forced her eyes closed, refusing to feed the fear that she would fall to the bottom, and into some horrible dream only found creeping in the recesses of her mind. 

Nope. Definitely not thinking that. 

She reached out, felt the cool glass walls, took a deeper breath to still her racing heart. She was moving forward. She was doing it! She...

The ground beneath her collapsed. Screaming, Zyra's eyes opened to watch herself fall down fast into the darkness. 

——————

"Something's wrong."

Kail said the realization aloud though he knew there was no one around to speak to. Rair and her huntresses allowed him more freedoms than his previously tied up state, but they didn't trust him. That was certain. He was back in his old dwelling, charred marks reminded him of the history this little hut had. His mind flashed an image of a smooth creamy body writhing on top him and he growled. She was alive and yet he'd been haunted less by ghosts. 

Angry, he headed into the forest seeking what made him uneasy. Had she returned? Would he be so unlucky? Or perhaps, perhaps this was a sign?

Maybe she was here. Maybe she...

He sniffed the air. Blood. 

"Damn it!"

He sprinted to the source, his stomach flopping about, skidding he saw a dead Nemlock on the ground. Nemlock blood. And from the looks of it, it was attacked by one of it's own. But why? He was about to follow the trail when a man stepped in his way. 

Kail blinked rapidly to clear his vision but the man remained. He could feel his blood run cold and his heart fight against his chest, telling him to run. 

Run!

"It can't be...You're dead."

Creedon smiled. "Well, well, what a surprise."

Kail's muscles ached to run but he was paralyzed. Creedon walked forward and placed a hand on his shoulder. 

"It is amusing to me how no matter how far we run from ourselves, the past always makes a reappearance."

Creedon, took his face in his hand and turned it side to side.

"What are you doing?" Kail gritted out.

Creedon hummed. "Hm, deciding whether to kill you."

Kail met Creedon's eyes. "What do you know about Valor?"

"You still insist on calling my son that idiotic name. It is as though you were not there to witness his death. Where was his "valor" then?"

Kail gasped as his grip tightened and he effortlessly lifted the ogre off the forest floor. 

He gritted his teeth. "Go ahead. It makes no difference."

Creedon's smile melted away, leaving something hard and cruel in its place. 

"It makes all the difference in the world."

He released him and Kail crumpled to the floor. "Why are you here? Are you the reason the witches have—"

"Have what?"

Damn. He closed his mouth and Creedon chuckled. 

"Oh no ogre. You cannot hope to silence yourself now."

A curled finger had Kail thrust upon his teeth, inches from the witch's face.

"What have they done ogre, that you could possibly know about all the way out here?"

Kail's golden eyes narrowed viciously. "Go ahead Creedon. I could tell you I know nothing more than you, but you would not believe me. So you might as well do whatever you decided to do when you first drew me out."

Creedon sighed. "I was hoping that you would stay in your piteous hovel licking your wounds, but now that you're out, I do believe you might be of some use to me."

"I will never help you."

"Why? What have you to lose? What have the witches of the valley ever given you?"

"Creedon. I killed your son."

The witch's face emptied of emotion until to Kail's horror he began to laugh hysterically. 

"Kail Shashanen Shyla...my dear boy. That is the only reason you are not dead right now."

He put his hands on Kail's shoulders, feeling him tremble beneath his hands. "You forget that the veil is a tear between our world and the humans. Trapped there I saw everything, human and magical. I traded my sanity for omnipotence, and held onto my mind with my desire for revenge. I saw what my son had become..."

He patted Kail's head. "You gave him mercy. You treated him like family, and for that I have decided to spare you."

He released the ogre and he tried to resist that sick foreboding feeling in his gut. 

"You have something big planned. Something awful."

"No, no Kail," he tisked. "We have something big planned."

"I already said—"

"Kail, you are starting to get on my nerves."

The way he said it...how could an unspoken threat be so tangible?

Kail ran a hand through his hair. He was getting too old for this.

"The war is coming Kail," Creedon said. "Whether you want it to or not. You know well as I do what happened to your "brother" will happen to the current keromedio should this war escalate into their desperation. And it shall. For in my omnipotence I see an ending no will see coming."

He smiled charmingly. "I win and the bad guys lose."

"Why are you doing this?"

Creedon tilted his head. "Why, they murdered my son, don't you know? They are weak and ambition-less, and when the time comes for the denizens of the valley to choose sides, who do you think they will side with? Their oppressors? Abusers? What have I ever done to the people of the Valley? The witches who rule have been corrupted. I wish to bring order. To bring absolute peace. And as for the keromedio..."

He smiled. "She will never experience the fate of my son, or any keromedio before her. You would deny her that? You would oppose me with what army? Or friends? You are alone Ogre. You could use a friend."

"If I'm so worthless, why would you need me?" Kail snarled.

"I don't. But if I'm going to spare you, you might as well make yourself useful." He reached within his robe and pulled out a vial with light green dust pulsing within.

"Do you know what this is?"

Kail frowned. "Ground Forget-me-nots. By the tint I'd guess enchanted, perhaps under a quarter moon."

"Not bad for a blacksmith's son. Your mother must have been an impressive healer."

Kail flinched, alarmed he had referred to his mother in the past tense.

Creedon frowned. "Oh she's alive you sensitive oaf."

"You want me to forget what happened here I'm assuming?"

"If you assume that, you're more of an ass than I thought." He extended the bottle. "There are two children approaching the village on the back of a Nightlock. One you know, the daughter of the Chieftess. The other is her friend."
