 There was leisurely shopping, happy little walks, and trips to pleasure gardens. Kristof's heart seemed to burst every time he noticed Laileen's face struggle as she tried not to smile. For some reason, his little pet didn't seem to want to be happy, and although he didn't understand it, he thought it was adorable. 

Kristof had accepted an invitation from a person he hadn't spoken to in a long time. Ever since Bethaline's death, the Marchioness Lillitu Masen of the Kloen province had always sent him invitations to everything she could think of, but Kristof had always refused. 

Until now. 

He wrote to the Marchioness, confirming that he would like to attend the dinner party and bring another guest, if that would be acceptable. Kristof imagined the little woman was probably confused, but she gave a positive response, regardless. 

Kristof told Laileen to wear her lacy, yellow gown with purple ribbons. He was fond of the low neckline of that gown. Then he personally chose a set of jewelry for her, a thick chain of gold about the neck with a small pearl pendant that dangled between her great breasts, drawing his eyes there. Then he put teardrop pearls onto her ears. He didn't consider himself to be very skilled in hairdressing, but he did find a peculiar delight in combing Laileen's hair as her lips pressed together in an insubordinate little expression. Then he gave her a few directions as to how she should style her hair, holding one lock or another up and even looping it around his fingers to give her a better idea of what to do. 

She seemed so nervous as they walked into Lillitu's townhouse, opening and closing her hand fan as if she expected something to happen after each movement. Kristof rolled his eyes. Then he patted her shoulder. When he saw two familiar people in the drawing room, he automatically pulled Laileen towards them. 

A perfect opportunity. 

"Dear Adurants! I haven't seen you two in so long!" 

The couple turned to him once they heard his voice. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Laileen's flinch at the miserable, melted look that Duke Adurant had. 

"It's ... good to see you," the burned man said slowly, as if he was trying to calm someone down. 

Best to restore the given name basis they once had so many years ago, to make things easier. Kristof smiled and held his hand out towards his escort. "Erdgar, this is my friend, Miss Laileen Madock. Laileen, this is an old, old friend, His Grace, Duke Adurant." 

Laileen's beautiful little cheeks and nose flushed and she curtsied very deeply. 

"It's fine to meet you," Duke Adurant said, giving a quick bow and gesturing towards his wife. "This is my wife, the good Duchess Danetta Adurant." 

Another humble curtsy came from Laileen, while the duchess nodded her head. "I'm glad to meet you," the duchess said, her sweet blonde curls bouncing about her face. 

Kristof smiled at the duchess and said, "My poor, dear friend is a nervous little Sweetling. I hope that she can find favor with you, Danetta." 

The duchess' lips parted after he used her given name. She looked at her husband, who shrugged, but had a mildly baffled expression. She then sighed and put on a somewhat false smile. "Ah ... Kristof? I ... I could never be cruel to anyone, least of all, a defenseless person." 

"Oh, I never meant to suggest that you had any sliver of cruelty in you." Kristof ignored the mild stares from the other guests. 

"Yes, I understand." Danetta's delicate little fingers tightened around her husband's elbow. 

Lillitu, the hostess, emerged and told everyone that it was time for dinner. 

He ended up sitting between Lillitu and Laileen. 

And he was so fucking proud of himself. 

*** 

"You've done so well, Laileen! So well!" 

Laileen didn't want to be congratulated. 

But, when he held her in the pretty blue and white walls of her bedroom, when his lips slid up her throat, Laileen's muscles seemed to soften. When his fingers tugged on her clothing, she didn't resist. When he bit her ear, she gasped and shivered. 

At that moment, her instincts claimed her brain, and she was happy to be dominated. 

She was stripped naked. She didn't even feel shy about it. 

Her back met her bed. His body met hers. His formal coat was roughly scraping her body. A dragging sort of buzz was in her nipples. Her wrists were held down by the man's hot palms and fingers. The lace at his sleeves was soft against her flesh. 

"Hm!" Laileen's eyelids stretched open as the duke's tongue pressed between her lips. Playfully, the tongue explored her mouth, fooling her brain into imagining that her flesh was more sensitive, needier. Laileen closed her eyes and soaked her senses in the odd, delicious world. 

The duke's mouth pulled away, and he whispered above her, "You may use my given name, if you wish." And he kissed her again, pushing his covered arms all around her, heating up her bare body, gently scratching at her skin. 

His fingernails scraped down as one of his hands moved down her back, then her waist, and then to her inner thigh. 

There wasn't any scratching when his finger pressed deep within her cunt, curling up, gathering up her liquid, caressing her excited muscles. 

His mouth went to her throat, suckling, this teeth pinching, all while Laileen tilted her head back and cried out. The balls of her feet soon felt the pressure of her bending toes. "What a sweet little lambkin." His voice was thick and wet over her throat. "Will you ever bleat out my name?" 

His thumb delicately rubbed at her clitoris, sending little shock waves up and down her body. That was when she said it. "Kristof!" 

"There you are." His fingers swirled and slithered within her, inflaming her. "I love knowing that I'm pleasing you." 

"Aaaah!" She reached up, tangling his hair in her fingers, bearing down on his head. 

"Come here, Sweetling." Kristof's fingers slipped out of her. Then he slid away from her. Laileen used her elbows to push herself up, and then she saw his shiny fingers gesture at her. 

Laileen got up to her knees, and she put her arms around his neck and shoulders. Kristof gripped her buttocks and carried her away from the bed. The details of the room were a little bit blurred as she was taken to the nearest wall and pinned against it. Her exposed pussy felt Kristof's breeches as he rocked his hips into her over and over. Each thrust became a hot pulse in her veins. 

Kristof paused, holding her up with one arm as his free hand went between them, untying his breeches and drawers. A harsh, concentrating look was on his face, nearly turning him ugly. Then his brown eyes looked at her. Both hands clutched her bottom again. 

She gasped. 

Her calf muscles nearly cramped. 

Kristof's face bloomed into something eager and thrilled. 

This wasn't the same as what Mr. Kalen had done. 

Her hidden muscles didn't weep from agony, desperately trying to push the invader out. Instead, the tight passage rejoiced at the deep penetration. Her thighs trembled. Her legs wrapped around the man's waist and her breath halted as he seemed to go even deeper. 

And he pumped back and forth, nudging her body up and down a little, panting and groaning. Laileen thought he might have been spreading her buttocks a little as he held her up, letting the air dance along her anus. Her fingernails caught onto the embroidery of his coat. She might have damaged it. 

He growled down to her, "Is it good? Do you like it?" 

"Yes!" 

"Does it feel nice inside?" 

"Oh, yes!" 

Kristof paused, holding himself inside, putting a stretching sort of pressure into her. He licked his lips, and he said, "You feel it, don't you? You can feel my cock?" 

"Hnnnnnnn!" Laileen felt strange, almost like she was urinating, but she knew she wasn't. Her muscles were ... strangely loose, but also tightly holding the searing thickness of the erection. It was contradictory, but she wasn't able to dwell on the concept. All she could do was cling to the man and endure the fantastic sensations. 

"Would you like more?" 

Would he really be so kind? 

Laileen shrieked out the word yes. 

And he laughed. 

"You have to say please, Laileen." 

"Holy fuck! PLEASE!!" 

He rammed into her. 

Again and again. 

Somehow, he seemed to go deeper, stretching her and tossing her mind into an ocean of heat. 

She actually tore out some of the threads embroidered in his clothing as her mind broke. Everything was madness. Everything was joy. Everything was loud and perfect. 

Finally, she sagged against the man, weakly accepting his quick thrusting, and then, as he paused and mumbled out something that was nearly angry, accepting his semen. 

*** 

She thought it was the best thing. 

It would be fine. She'd have Lillitu all to herself. They'd be happy. 

Lillitu never should have married anyone in the first place, really. She'd be better off in the long run. 

Esther cradled the tightly sealed flask in her fingers, holding it in her pocket. She smiled at Bram and Lillitu as she sat down for tea. The couple was friendly as usual. They offered her the best treats and chatted with her as if they weren't so high above her on the social ladder. At one point, the nanny appeared, with little Ismael right behind her. 

"Master, Mistress? Ismael would like to present gifts to you both." 

Bram's eyes lit up. He smiled and stood, pushing his seat aside. "What is it, Son?" 

Ismael, so cute in his little green dress, held up a bunch of wild flowers. "I have flowers!" 

The nanny explained, "He picked them in the park today." 

"So sweet!" Bram said, taking the flowers and giving them a sniff. "Why thank you, Ismael. You're a lovely child." 

Lillitu's small fingers touched Bram's wrist, guiding his hand down, as she took her own chance at smelling the flowers. "Ah, they're wonderful, Darling!" She said to her husband, "Perhaps they should be put in a vase?" 

"I know just the one." Bram patted Ismael's head as he left the room, carrying the flowers with him. Ismael's little shoes tapped the floor quickly as he followed Bram, grinning all the way. 

Something stabbed Esther's heart, something thin and irritating. She ignored it. 

That evening, she crept over to the kitchen's entrance with several coins in her hand. Loyalty usually broke when you gave someone enough money. This would be easy. The poison was tasteless, colorless, and undetectable, especially when given in small doses. The symptoms matched consumption. Even the best doctors would be fooled. 

Her fingers trembled. An ache grew in them. They were tightening, nearly cramping, over her coins. 

Why was her face so wet? 

Esther put her free hand to her cheek, and she felt salted liquid. 

No. 

Damn it, no!! 

She couldn't do it. 

*** 

The bright red gown with blue bow-knots had been placed upon her body. Laileen didn't normally take delight in envious stares of others. Still, when she noticed the almost spiteful expressions of the high class women, trying to hide their toxic frowns behind their beautifully crafted hand-fans, Laileen wanted to hold her head high and giggle. She didn't, but she wanted to. 

A lovely white hairnet with shiny gold spheres dotting the crossed ribbons was holding part of her hair up. The rest was flowing down her back. The black locks had been artificially curled near the ends. Kristof had found a recently pawned off set of jewelry. The previous owners had lost their fortunes. The necklace was a heavy golden piece of pale yellow jewels, carved and arranged to look like little daisy flowers, leaves, and butterflies. There was a matching set of dangling earrings, two thick bracelets, and two large rings for the middle fingers. 

Laileen was a sparkling little creature dancing with a rich and powerful man. She wanted to be envied, should have been envied. However, she knew that all the nasty looks from the women wasn't the true reason why she was happy. She was happy because she was being cared for. She didn't worry about anything anymore. 

When the set ended, they left the dance floor to grab a plate of food. Then they went to a shaded outdoor area to enjoy the warm night. Laileen put her plate on a stone table. She leaned against Kristof's body, her hand on his waistcoat. She made a light mewling sound when his arm wrapped around her. 

It was then that she heard some gossip from a few nearby people. 

"She was nearly nude, bloody and weeping, when His Grace found her; she might have even been ravished." 

"And he simply plucked her out of the street and decided she was meant to be his?" 

"He's more bold than that charred Adurant!" 

"Do you suppose he'll do as he did?" 

"It would be quite generous of him, if somewhat ridiculous." 

How ... how did anyone know she had been in such a wretched state when Kristof had found her? She hadn't been telling anyone about her past. 

"I heard that the Duchess Adurant was in a terrible state when her husband first met her, but I believe that this Miss Madock was in a much, much worse state. Such fine men these dukes are, to care for the lowest of women." 

Laileen thought she felt Kristof's back straighten a little. His chest seemed to puff out like a bird's. Did he hear the gossiping too? Was he actually pleased with himself? 

Was that honestly the only reason he was caring for her, to make himself look good? 

The idea dragged behind her, occasionally catching up to her brain and dancing on her head, for the rest of the party, for the ride back home, and even when she was wearing nothing but a chemise in her bedroom, perched on a small chair and looking through a window and out at the night. There was enough light to chase that night out. Most of the time, Kristof wanted as many candles and lamps as possible to be lit when he held her at night. He had always said that he loved looking at her. 

When Kristof entered, not wearing a coat, exposing the white sleeves of his shirt and the back of his colorful waistcoat, Laileen thought to ask him about the issue nagging at her mind. He distracted her, though, because he was holding a small, painted box, and Laileen wanted to know about its contents. 

She didn't have to ask, because he smiled at her with bright, almost child-like eyes, and he said, "I have a present for you, Sweetling!" He walked over to her with a fun little grin that seemed lopsided yet perfectly handsome. It sent tingling pulses into Laileen's feet, legs, thighs, and then to her cunt. 

Kristof stood over her, holding out the pretty box with two hands. 

First, Laileen pulled some of her dark hair behind her ear. Then she let her fingertips trace the outlines of the geometric shapes painted on the box's lid. "You're an absurd man, Kristof. I haven't done enough to deserve any more gifts." 

His fingers drummed the side of the box's lid. "Don't fret over yourself, Little Lambkin, and open the box." 

Laileen flipped the lid up. She saw a large ring inside. The center held a layer of clear crystal on top of brown hair that had been weaved in a basket-like pattern, framed by a circle of gold. 

"It's my hair, Laileen. I wanted you to have some while I'm still young, so that when I'm old and gray, you'll still have this color to remember fondly." 

She slipped the ring over her middle finger. The crystal was just shiny enough under the firelight. The hair underneath was rich and healthy. "It's a wonderful memento. Thank you so much." 

Kristof snapped the box shut and put it on the windowsill. Then he put his palms on Laileen's shoulders. His lips passed over her brow. Then he he put a kiss there. Laileen completely forgot whatever she had wanted to ask him about. 

Her arms slid around his body. Then their mouths met, sweet at first, almost innocent. Then they were sucking each other's tongues up, purring into each other. Kristof stepped back, pulling her up. 

They helped each other undress, caressing each other's flesh, stealing quick kisses. When they were nude against each other, Laileen thought she felt goosebumps on his arms. 

Kristof's fingers pressed against her scalp, tangling up her black hair. His tongue slid up and down her throat. Her flesh craved the the licks. Her thighs pressed together, and her hidden muscles clenched and lubricated themselves. She found herself begging for his cock, feeling that she needed him to spread her little hole open and ram himself inside. 

His mouth left her throat and hovered over her lips, and he whispered, "Do you want me? Do you want me that badly?" 

"Yes! Please!" 

"Are you asking me to simply give you what you want without taking time for my own pleasure?" His tone was almost accusatory, but not quite. There was a sweet flavor there. 

Laileen found herself trying to appease him with a high-pitched voice, gripping his arms, rubbing her nipples against his body hair, and he had quite a bit of it. "Noooooo ... nooooo! You can do as you like, but please, please swear that you'll mount me!" 

"Don't fret, Sweetling," he growled into her ear, dry, rough, but still wonderful. "I'll cosset your flesh soon. I'll push deep into your pink and pretty little cunt, and I'll let you have as much of my cock as you like." 

She didn't have time to squeak at his statements, because he dragged her to the bed and put her down on her back. He crawled over her and licked at one of her nipples. Then he closed his lips around it, suckling, drawing out heartbeat-like sensations in her body. His eyes pointed up at her with a fierceness that had her clitoris throbbing. 

"Hmmm! I'm aching all over!" Laileen's heels slid around the bed's covers. "Kristof!" 

His long fingers danced and curled over the breast he licked. "My little lambkin needs a skillful petting, doesn't she?" His lips puckered as they moved to the spot between her loose breasts, and he kissed her there as his fingers glided away, down to her navel, and then down to her black pubic hair. "Of course, a skillful petting." There was a purr in his voice, dark and dense. 

Smooth, tight little movements were made against her clitoris as he nudged her labia apart. Then he dipped down to claim the moisture that had been leaking out of her. And he rubbed that little clitoris again. Laileen's teeth clapped together so quickly that it hurt her gums. 

"Do you like being petted? Hm?" Kristof licked his teeth and lips as his cheek lowered to her chest. His hair cascaded over her skin; it was so smooth that it barely had any weight. 

There was a cycle of heat, touch and gasp, touch and gasp. Laileen barely even understood that Kristof had spoken to her. She was too preoccupied with the snug little feelings that jerked her nerves around. 

"Laileen ... Laileeeeeeen!" His voice was only somewhat impatient. His finger left her clitoris and pushed into her pining little channel. Then a second finger joined it. "Do you like being petted?" 

Over and over, her hips rose and fell. Her feet seemed to curl with her toes. Sloppy wet noises were in and around her cunt as her favorite little ridge of muscle was ruthlessly pressed. The familiar feeling was returning, that feeling that had reminded her of urination, but couldn't really be called that. She was turning mad from it, wanting it to go on and on. 

"I ... yes! It's so good, Kristof!" 

"Are you going to be a good little pet and cum all over my hand?" 

Oh. Sweet. Gods. 

"Yes!" she cried out, wanting to explode. 

"Then say it, Sweetling." The heel of his hand pressed against her belly, putting pressure through her skin to the muscles there, tightening up the space his fingers were in. 

Laileen actually thought she was urinating for a moment. She wasn't, but she thought she was. Her clitoris seemed to burst. Her inner muscles were in pure delirium, spasming on Kristof's fingers. She was nearly weeping. 
