 This is just a oneshot fantasy story I wrote during my break earlier this year. Hope people enjoy it! 

  

- 

  

Fires burned all across the horizon. Parvaneh braced herself against the battlements, trying not to let it affect her. It hurt to see her kingdom on fire, but it was almost worse to try to estimate how many of them were enemy campfires. Scouts had gone to get an estimate, but they hadn't returned. 

The ogres burned almost indiscriminately, so it was impossible to tell whether a light was a burning building, or pieces of a building they'd turned into a makeshift bonfire as night fell. Though it should have been dark, there was so much light from the fires that the torches on the battlements were almost unnecessary. 

Thankfully, the roar of so many fires mostly drowned out the screams. Parvaneh had fought on the front lines and personally seen what the ogres did to captured women. She shuddered at the memory of the women pinned under the ogres' repulsive, bloated bodies. It had been easy to cut the monsters down, as they were rutting too mindlessly to be on guard, but the women hadn't recovered. 

Parvaneh struck one mailed fist against the stone. She knew that she had to keep fighting to defend her home, but it felt so futile. They'd hoped the previous day's battle would break the ogre horde, but now... now the men were drinking themselves to death before what was coming. 

She turned away from the battlements and began walking back down to the courtyard below. The fortress was a minor border station, but it was strong and had a good view of the surrounding area. If they held it to the last soldier, they could stall the ogres for days and allow the evacuations to proceed. It might not do much good, but at least they would have done their duty. 

It seemed as though few other soldiers shared her commitment. Parvaneh tried not to judge as she passed the raucous clusters of them. She was just a soldier, not a commander, and what right did she have to reprimand men who were about to die? If their citizenship meant so little to them, then there was nothing she could do about it. 

A horrific sight in the corner of her vision forced Parvaneh out of her disciplined neutrality. Several soldiers were chaining women near the stable. Some had been forced to bend over into the stocks, but many were bound to rings that were meant for horses. Parvaneh had expected them to be taking advantage of the local women, but to her surprise, the soldiers were first forcing some sort of liquid into their mouths. 

"What are you doing?" She marched closer to them and the men groaned. One of them turned to block her path - though his body had far more fat than muscle, he still outweighed her substantially. He grinned and scratched his stomach where it protruded from beneath his poorly-tied armor. 

"Sorry, girl. We're on Commander Kaveh's orders." 

She folded her arms. "I just asked what you were doing." 

"Sure, but we know why you came." The man jerked a thumb over his shoulder at the women. "Kaveh wants us to have a distraction ready for when the ogres breach the gates. These sluts will be so drugged, they'll spread their legs for anything, and the ogres won't be able to resist." 

"And what happens if we actually hold the fortress?" 

One of the other men laughed. "Then we'll get to have some fun, won't we? Assuming they aren't too worn out by then." 

Parvaneh scowled. "Those are... yes, I recognize the chambermaids. How could you do this to our own people?" 

"Never want anyone to have any fun, do you?" The man spat a gob of slimy phlegm onto the ground in front of her. "But we'd just be doing them a favor - they'll go mad if someone doesn't fuck them before too long. Now, are you going to raise your sword against Commander Kaveh's orders?" 

She very nearly considered it. Parvaneh had sworn to serve the realm, not her commander. But if she tried to use force, they'd overpower her unless she killed them. And though she was sure she could kill this slovenly group, they couldn't afford to lose soldiers, even debauched ones. 

Was that really all that was keeping her from attacking her own side? Maybe it was. 

Parvaneh turned away, trying to ignore the laughter that followed her. How could Commander Kaveh allow such a thing? Though she hadn't been impressed with the man, he wasn't an idiot. He had to know that sacrificing their own civilians would gain them almost nothing. Yes, the ogres were sex-driven to the point of foolishness, but there would be so many of them... 

Without warning, a soldier with alcohol on his breath stumbled into her. Parvaneh restrained her immediate killing instinct, reminding herself of what the man was facing. She lost all sympathy for the man when he then began groping at her chest. 

Before she could stop herself, Parvaneh released all her pent-up frustration in a vicious strike. Her blow to his chest most likely broke a rib, and when he stumbled back she swept his feet out from under him. She nearly stomped him in the crotch, but forced herself to hold back. Drunk soldiers were better than no soldiers. 

As she headed on, she repeated it like a mantra in the hope that she could convince herself. If the women in the fortress were already going to be raped, then what were they defending the fortress from? Was there anything here worth saving? 

The worst part of it was, she needed sex badly. As many battles as she had fought, she was still afraid to be facing her own death. Her body ached for a hard fuck that could make her forget about what was coming for a while. If there had been even one good soldier here, they could have fucked each other and drawn some strength for the fight tomorrow. But she had no one. 

When she reached the command tower, Parvaneh took the stairs two at a time on her way up. It was a narrow, spiraling staircase - another reminder of the fortress's quality. With the right group, they could hold it for days against a much larger army. Why didn't anyone else want to at least try to fight? Wouldn't it be better to go down with some honor intact? 

At the top of the stairs, she found no guards outside Commander Kaveh's quarters. Frowning, Parvaneh pushed her way inside and discovered why. The Commander and his guards were gorging themselves on a table crammed with food. Most likely the entire contents of the larder, now disappearing down their throats at an alarming rate. 

"Parvaneh!" Kaveh waved at her mockingly. "You caught wind of our little party, did you?" 

She stood completely still, staring at them. When she finally spoke, her voice was brittle. "You don't plan to hold the fortress at all, do you?" 

"Do I look like a fool?" Kaveh stood up and wiped his grease-covered hands off on his shirt. "The war is over, soldier. The only hope any of us has is to wait for the horde to break apart. Once it scatters, the right men might be able to keep hold of a fortress. But this one is already lost." 

"And so you're planning to sacrifice all those women so you can make your escape?" 

"I'd rather have left in the night and taken them with us, but I don't like how those scouts disappeared." Her commanding officer shrugged.  "No, best to wait it out. The ogres will gorge themselves for days, get drunk and fat. Then, before they get hungry and come for us, we can slip away. You should come with us." 

Her hands clenched at her sides. "I don't think I can accept your terms." 

"Not as a whore, Parvaneh. We know you're damn good with that sword, use it to help us survive." 

Another of the men chuckled. "Though once you're done using your sword, we wouldn't refuse if you wanted to start using your pussy..." 

"Now, now, no need for that." Kaveh's voice was anything but firm, however, and the smile he turned on her made her shiver. "The men may get a little restless without many women around, though. What do you say, do you want to be my personal woman? I can guarantee you more safety than even the king himself, the way things are going these days." 

"No, thank you." Parvaneh turned on her heel and marched out of the room. 

Several of the men whistled at her as she went, and she knew their eyes were probably locked on her ass. Though Parvaneh often wished she could hide her voluptuous body under heavy armor, she knew that light leather was better for her survival. She couldn't match most of her opponents for strength, so she needed to focus on speed. 

But what good would all her efforts do, spent on these soldiers? By the time Parvaneh had reached the bottom of the stairs, she realized that she could not fight and die beside these men tomorrow. Not after the things she had seen. Maybe she couldn't do anything about their choices, but she would not stand by and approve of them tacitly. 

Then what could she do? Her feet were taking her toward the gates, which were still open while soldiers prepared exterior defenses. She wasn't sure what she planned, but didn't stop walking in that direction. 

If she was going to die, then she wanted to die for a good cause. Fighting here would do no one any good, but perhaps she could do something with the pass beside the fortress. She had no skill with traps or any way to make a blockade, but she could at least take down a few of the ogres with her. It would be better than dying here. 

The guards at the gate were at least on duty, though they barely glanced at her when she passed. Parvaneh didn't even blink when she saw that the men who should have been working outside were eating and drinking raucously. In the flickering firelight, they looked almost like ogres. 

As she began walking away from the fortress, Parvaneh began scanning the fires that lit up the plain ahead of her. Throwing her life away against the ogres had seemed well and good before, but what would that actually mean? Any one of the fires would have a whole host of ogres, but she didn't want to just fight a few of them. Instead she turned back, moving toward the pass. 

Without warning, an ogre lurched from out of a ditch, roaring and swinging a gnarled club. Parvaneh ducked underneath the wild blow on instinct and gripped her sword. She drew it in a swift, lethal arc, slashing through much of the ogre's chest. He went down hard and she stepped away from the blood spraying from the wound. 

There were ogres this close to the fortress? At first she feared they were breaking all previous patterns and attempting a surprise attack before gorging themselves, but that didn't feel right. Scanning the area, Parvaneh realized that the fires were all wrong. Unless she had been turned around... no, she was still facing the pass, and there were already fires burning within. 

Cursing, Parvaneh flicked the blood from her sword and started running. Their sentries should have noticed ogres infiltrating the pass, though she wasn't surprised that no one was watching. It was obvious that most of the ogres weren't trying to get through, but even a small group could be a problem in the morning. Perhaps this was where she could give up her life for a good cause. 

A group of five ogres was ahead of her, running toward the pass. Their obese bodies could only trundle, so she caught up with them quickly. The first two went down before the remaining three noticed and turned on her. But without the element of surprise, they didn't have much of a chance. 

Parvaneh cut through one of them while they were turning, then whirled between the other two. Both missed, one actually hitting the other with his club. While the other fell down, she turned on that one and sliced through his thigh. The ogre roared and grabbed at the injury, lowering himself enough that her next cut decapitated him cleanly. 

She turned back, ready to defend herself, but the last ogre was still on its back, stunned. Her sword through his heart ended it. Ogres might be big and strong, but they died easily against a good blade. Only their numbers were a problem. 

And those numbers were going to be a problem for her, too. As Parvaneh carefully cleaned off her sword, she tried to slow her breathing and heart rate. She could probably kill several groups like this, but with each one she would get a little slower. Eventually she wouldn't dodge in time, and one of their blows would strike her. Maybe she could fight through one or two hits, but she wouldn't last long. 

After that... Parvaneh closed her eyes tightly. She would have to hope that the blow killed her, but more likely the ogres would wear her down and then take advantage of her body. 

She stared down at the ogre corpses and blanched. They were hideous creatures, bodies covered in warts, rashes, and oozing pus. None of them were wearing any clothes, of course, which meant their cocks lay in plain sight. 

Like all the other ogres she had seen, the male organs were thick and twisted things. Compared to the beasts themselves, they didn't seem so bad. She could imagine what they would feel like inside her, and if she was wet enough... no, she couldn't let herself think that way. 

Parvaneh began moving again, advancing more carefully as she approached a large set of fires. Perhaps she could fight those especially bloated white ogres - they were clumsy, but it would only take a single blow to kill her in an instant. Or she might seek out one of that large breed with a line of fur on their backs, those might be too vicious to let her live. 

Such thoughts faded from her mind as Parvaneh realized what was happening ahead of her. It wasn't just a group of ogres moving or camping, there was a fight going on! She began to run again, desperately seeking images in the firelight. 

It was incredibly common for ogres to fight each other, of course, but this didn't seem like one of those squabbles. There were too many ogres involved, and as she got closer she heard too many ogres dying instead of roaring at each other for dominance. Was there a group of soldiers trying to hold the pass? Almost daring to hope, Parvaneh rushed to the top of a small rise and peered forward. 

Her hope crumbled the next moment. There were no brave humans defending the realm, only two groups of ogres at war. One group was smaller... but it was winning. Parvaneh peered at them more carefully, not sure she could believe what she was seeing. 



Though the smaller group was unusually diverse, she had no trouble telling them apart from the horde they were slaughtering. These ogres were larger and more muscular, for one, though she saw many different breeds of ogre among them. That was unusual, since they usually stayed near their own kind. But strangest of all was how much armor they wore. A few fought naked, but many were well-equipped. Armor scavenged from fallen soldiers, surely, but they wore it well. 

Despite being outnumbered, it was obvious the smaller group would soon be victorious. They fought with real skill instead of relying on numbers, and displayed a rough sort of teamwork. The ogre horde broke against their wedge and the survivors began to flee, but the victors moved to hunt them down. 

Whatever the reason for this conflict, Parvaneh didn't care. She had no illusions that these ogres were any less monstrous than the others, but at least they were warriors. If she was to die tonight, she wanted it to be against a worthy opponent, not some beast that landed a lucky blow. 

Decision made, Parvaneh began slaughtering her way toward the strange ogres. The defeated group was so terrified that many ignored her, and those who tried to attack did so wildly. She easily cut through them, leaving a trail of bodies as she got closer. Though the armored ogres had been advancing outward and killing those trying to escape, they saw her and their movements shifted. While most continued on to kill the remaining ogres, three advanced directly toward her. 

 Steeling herself, Parvaneh raised her blade in front of her face and gave a sharp cry. The ogres looked surprised for a moment, then grinned and began to move toward her faster. They were spreading out now, trying to get on all sides of her. That would be a difficult position against anyone, much less opponents like these. 

One of the ogres wore full plate that must have belonged to a giant of a man and carried a massive mace. The other two were less clothed, one in pants and the other a dark loincloth, and they gave her pause. In fact, as they advanced Parvaneh found herself staring at the ogres. 

Despite their size, the ogres were well-built. She could see their powerful muscles moving beneath their skin, all rigidly defined. Their skin was strange as well. Though dark grey, it looked clearer than most humans. Was this what a clean ogre looked like? She had never seen one take a bath, but she realized that surely an entire species couldn't be slovenly. 

Realizing that she was staring, Parvaneh shook herself and leapt forward. She needed to take out one fast before the others could strike from the sides. Her blade slashed out as quickly as she could manage, but to her surprise the ogre in front of her turned it aside. Not only that, a moment later he raised a second blade with cruel hook at the end and trapped her sword between his blades. 

Shocked at the technique, Parvaneh froze for a fraction of a second. She should have died then, but to her surprise the other two ogres didn't attack. They had moved to surround her, but they were holding back. Watching the fight, she realized. 

A slight tug on her sword made her realize that her opponent was going to pull her sword out of her hands with that hook. She managed to twist her blade out of his lock and immediately lashed out at his legs. He dodged back, surprisingly fast for someone so large. 

As they traded blows, Parvaneh realized that this was the end. She wasn't sure that she could have defeated this ogre at her best, much less after fighting so many others. He didn't rely on his massive body like some of the large knights she had known, but used his two blades with significant skill. Though not as fast as her top speed, he was fast enough to avoid any injuries and she was wearing down. 

She threw all her energy into her next assault, determined to take him down with her. But to her surprise, the ogre deflected her killing blows and let the weaker ones through. Though she scored a few light cuts, they barely seemed to matter. 

Then all at once her sword was spinning out of her hands. Parvaneh watched it for one horrified instant before she threw herself forward, scratching at the ogre's eyes. 

Her attack was hopeless. The ogre caught her in midair and slammed her to the ground. When she struggled, he moved to pin her down with his body. Trapped there, Parvaneh was uncomfortably aware of how powerful the ogre's body felt on top of hers. Staring up at him, a small part of her wondered if it would be so terrible to let him have his way with her. 

Yet to her surprise, the ogre just kept her pinned. She struggled to follow his gaze and realized that the other ogres had finished their fight. All their opponents had been defeated, and they were now making sure all the bodies on the ground were dead. 

Abruptly she was scooped up and thrown over the ogre's shoulder. Parvaneh yelped, but didn't struggle since she knew it could easily bash her against the ground. Besides, her new position gave her a better look at the others. They were moving with surprising efficiency, finishing off opponents and collecting worthwhile equipment. 

"That the last of them?" To her utter shock, the ogre carrying her spoke to one of the others. She'd heard a few words grunted by ogres, but though this one had a deep and inhuman voice, it spoke easily. 

"That's the group that followed us. There were others watching - a few headed back to finish them off." 
