 I don't really know how it happened. The whole thing still seems like such a blur. One minute I was walking through the streets of Sydney with my beautiful girlfriend Grace, soaking up some sunshine. The next, my world turned upside down. Literally. Everything began to spin. I felt like I wasn't myself. My body ached like nothing I had every felt before and my clothes felt tight. Grace didn't seem to notice and looking back, I don't know why I didn't say something.

We sat down for lunch at a small, boring looking café and I still didn't feel right. It was like my body was throbbing. Like it was growing and shrinking and changing shape. I was sure Grace had noticed something but before she could say anything her phone rang. Her boss, telling her to get to work ASAP as they were getting slammed. She gave me a peck on the cheek and hurried off, leaving me with the bill and no small amount of concern.

I made it back to the apartment and immediately made my way to the bathroom to inspect myself. Staring back at me from the mirror was the same old me. Albeit a little pale. I stood there, staring at myself and wondering what was going on. It was then that I noticed it. My face looked strange. Different. I couldn't put my finger on it and eventually just gave up and lay down. Quickly falling into a restless sleep. Full of strange body parts and grotesque figures. I awoke, hours later, actually feeling a lot better. The spinning had stopped, and my body didn't hurt. I could still tell that something was up and for some reason, I was extremely horny. Like any sensible man, I grabbed my laptop and quickly navigated to my favourite porn site.

I was halfway through watching a young blonde slut getting fucked by two, very fit, very muscular guys and I remember thinking, 'I wonder what it's like being so muscular and large.' I felt it again, the aching. My body tensed and pulsed. I looked down at my arms and they had changed. They were huge! Muscular and toned and not at all what they used to be like.

Naturally, I freaked. What the hell was happening to me? This couldn't be possible. This was magic. I ran to the bedroom mirror to have a look at what I'd become and nearly passed out with fright. I looked like I had spent over half my life in the gym. I was taller, my shoulders were broader, and my Biceps rippled with muscles. I quickly ripped off my clothes until I stood once again before the mirror and couldn't believe my eyes. I was ripped. 6-pack and all. This was incredible.

I was starting to calm down a little but was still shocked and confused. A sat down thinking about what was going on, a thousand questions running through my head. Was I losing my mind? Had I been drugged? If this was real, was it permanent? Could I control it? What would Grace say? Oh God, how was I going to explain this? I looked back at the screen of my laptop, now lying on its side and the two guys were just finishing up on that small girls face.

Had this happened when I thought about what it would be like to be bigger? I thought for a moment and decided it was worth a try. I thought to myself while closing my eyes, 'I look like my normal self. Exactly like I was.'

Again, the familiar ache and I feel my body contract. I nervously opened my eyes and checked myself in the mirror. With a huge sigh of relief, I saw the regular, skinny me looking back. I had always been scrawny. I had hoped after I left High School that I would bulk out and I even tried going to the gym for a while, but it didn't stick. A mixture of relief and disappointment flooded through me as I stroked my stomach where, moments ago, there were steel-hard abs.

As the panic subsided I started thinking about the possibilities. What else could I do. I looked into the mirror at my dark brown hair. 'I have red hair.' I thought to myself. And before my very eyes, my hair turned a brilliant red. 'Wow. This is amazing.' I thought. I spent the next couple of hours exploring my newfound powers. I could change any aspect of my appearance. I started with my face, changing its shape and features. I even looked up a few pictures of Celebrities and with a bit of practice, was able to mimic their appearance. It was the strangest experience of my life to stand in front of a mirror and see Johnny Depp staring back at you.

Looking back, I can't believe my very first thought wasn't sexual. I could be anyone. Look however I wanted. This was nuts! When it eventually dawned on me, thousands or crazy ideas came rushing through my mind.

I stood in front of the mirror and started at the top. I made myself a little taller. Around 185. Then my hair. A sharp crew cut. I broadened made my cheekbones more pronounced and made myself look more 'Chiselled'. Then my body. First, I gave myself a nice tan. Then filled out my muscles. Nothing obscene. Just trim and very fit. Then my cock. I have never been particularly proud of my cock. It's not tiny but it is far from impressive. Grace always says it's fine just the way it is, but I've often had my doubts. At first, I only made it a little bigger. Maybe 6 inches. Then I kept going. I was getting very turned on and my cock was quickly getting very hard. I pushed it out to 8 inches and smiled proudly at the very impressive member sticking out from between my legs. I thought at the time, there is no point in it being any bigger because no woman could possible fit any more inside them. Just for fun though, I made it grow way past the point of what a natural human could possess. It was over a foot long at one stage and thicker than a coke can. After playing around, I returned it to a 'sensible' size of 8 inches and quite thick. I then picked up my phone and took a couple of photos. I was very impressed with what I saw and quite proud of my handiwork.

My phone pinged, and I picked it up to see a message from Grace.

'On my way. Do we need anything?'

I quickly said we were fine and changed back into my normal self. I don't know why but I didn't want to tell her about this crazy new power. I didn't think she'd react very well and too be honest, we had been struggling lately. Nothing major but she just seemed a bit distant.

When she got home, she was in a mood. Work had been hard and she quickly disappeared into the shower and then bed. I was frustrated. I was horny as hell and eager to explore the possibilities now open to me.