 - - -

Author's Note : Sorry this chapter is a bit shorter. Originally it was a bit longer, but the flow of the chapter felt too broken, so I split it into chapters 21 and 22. It also helped to keep to the standard of some plot and a sex scene per chapter. Hope you enjoy it just as much as the others despite it's shorter length. Don't forget to favorite, 5 star, or leave comments or feedback. I read it all!

- - -

"Hello Ruby, why don't you come in?" I said to the succubus that was leaning in the doorway of my hotel suite. I don't know how she found me, or what it meant for Erin who was supposed to be at the brothel Ruby ran. But I did know that I wanted her out of the hallway before anything was said that might be heard by a passerby.

"Don't mind if I do handsome." She said as she entered the suite. I shut the door behind her, and she took the chance to press me up against the wall. Her charcoal grey business women's suit did nothing to hide her figure, instead accentuating the slim yet curvy body beneath. She pressed against me and raised up on her toes to whisper in my ear, "We've missed you at the hideaway sexy. Her hand caressing my crotch through the blue jeans I was wearing..

I pushed her back from me. While I normally gained mana from sex, I wouldn't if I gave into Ruby. As a succubus she sustained her existence on the life force of mortals. Or in the case of mages, she would drain mana. I wanted my mana pool to remain available to me for tomorrow's lessons with Hector, the mage who could heal people. "How did you find me Ruby? I worked really hard on faking my death."

She smiled and turned, walking into the suite, her hips sashaying erotically. She stopped at the windows and then unbuttoned her jacket and threw it over a chair, turning back towards me. I could see her nipples, hard as rocks, poking through the white silk shirt she wore underneath. In spite of myself, I felt a pang of arousal towards the demoness. She smiled and beckoned me towards her. I found myself walking towards her before I even thought about it. But when I stood before her, she took my hand with both of hers and lifted it up to show me my palm. I felt the warm sensation of magic for a moment, then a small black mark appeared on the palm of my hand before fading away. 

"Did you forget Mike?" She asked, "We have a deal. I taught you some of my magic, in exchange you agreed to try to find a way to free me." As she spoke her form changed in front of me, her features flowing like water and her body reshaping in front of me. Her chest expanded, stretching the silk of her shirt as her breasts grew. Her skin flushed, then changed color completely, going from a pale skin tone to a crimson that no human would ever have. She let go of my hand and pulled her silk top off, baring her breasts which were unfettered by a bra. Then she stretched, and I watched as an inky pair of leathery bat wings unfurled from behind her shoulders. She leaned forwards, unbuttoning her suit pants and slid them down crimson colored legs. As she did she kicked off her heels, and I watched as her feet shrunk and shifted. They darkened as she grew in height, her ankles stretching and becoming digitigrade cloven hooves. The extra joint in her legs gave her several more inches in height, bringing her to my eye level. She looked down at me with crimson eyes and smiled a feral grin. Black horns grew from her head and backwards across the top of her skull. She was showing me a demonic form for a reason and the nudity and sexuality of it wasn't all of it. I could tell she was trying to intimidate me as she smiled with sharp incisor teeth at me. When she spoke, her voice was deeper, more smoky and sensual, "Because of our deal I'd know if you'd died. I didn't believe it for a moment when we got word that you'd been 'murdered' by some hit man from New York. I hope you didn't feel like you could fool me and try to get out of our deal with such a cheap stunt."

She held her hand in front of her and I saw that her fingernails had turned into two inch long razor sharp claws, tipping the ends of her still feminine hands. Now I knew she was trying to intimidate me. She wouldn't harm me, I was her best chance at freedom. I grew angry at her failed manipulation and mock aggression. Thankfully I knew how to turn the tables, she'd forgotten that I was a trained mage with mental shielding. I could not only resist her carnal lusts turned into physical seduction, but I could turn them around on her.

I looked at her perfect crimson breasts capped with deep red, almost purple nipples. The inhuman hourglass figure flared out into wide hips and a round ass. Her hairless sex was fat and puffy, with thick outer labia that already glistened with moisture. I smiled at her and said, "Fool you Ruby? Why would I do that?"

I gathered my mental shielding around me tightly, making sure that she could not wash away my willpower with her sexual desires. But I also let the barest trickle of mana flow forth, through my body to my fingertips, ready to give her just the faintest taste of that which she desired. Then quickly I moved towards her, shoving her backwards till her back hit the floor to ceiling windows behind her. She gasped slightly, but I pressed my sensual attack. I slapped my palm against her swollen cunt, making her gasp again even louder. Curling two fingers, I pushed them inside her hot wet pussy, and she cried out, her head banging backwards against the glass. Her demonic juices began to flow down over my fingers into my hand as I slid my digits in and out of her, causing her to moan. Her clawed hands gripped my shoulders and she panted, breathing heavily as her full tits pressed against the simple t shirt I was wearing.

She gasped and panted, I knew that I'd broken her spell and she knew it too. Both of us knew who had the upper hand in this game of desire and need. So when she spoke again, her eyes glowing crimson full of lust, it was with a slight hint of a whine, "Please Mike, I'm so hungry. I haven't fed on a mage in so long, please..."

Her words were cut short when I pulled my fingers from her sodden slit and slapped her pussy again. The squelching noise of her wet cunt was audible over her gasp, and she trembled, her knees shaking visibly from the contact. Even from this contact I could feel her draining off my mana. So summoning as much willpower as I could, I stepped back from her. My cock was painfully hard, pressing against the denim of my jeans, but I managed to reign myself in. "Maybe," I said, causing her to moan in frustration. "But first you're going to tell me everything. How you found me, what's been going on at the hideaway, what you're doing here, everything."

She threw herself at me, her mouth attacking mine, her body pressing into me, her cunt rubbing against my thigh leaving a trail of her juices as she ground against me. "I swear, I'll tell you everything, but I can't think straight. Please Mike, just feed me first!"

Despite my shielding, despite my willpower, and despite the fact that I wanted to keep my mana to myself, I admitted that I also wanted this. I managed to add in an authoritative voice, "and you'll also answer me some questions about your powers too."

She nodded eagerly, her tongue, now long and forked, purple and shining with her saliva, licked her lips. I smiled and said, "Ok, you obviously need it and..."

I didn't even get a chance to finish my sentence. She lunged forwards, her clawed talons catching the waistband of my jeans and tearing them downwards and out. From the waist band out, they fell away in shreds, along with my boxer shorts, freeing my semi hard cock. A quick slash upwards parted my t shirt like it was tissue paper from the bottom all the way to the neckline. My clothing hanging in my body in shreds, she shoved me backwards and I stumbled as the denim fell around my ankles. I fell back onto the suite's couch and Ruby practically leapt on me.

Her leathery wings curled back against her back as a long sinuous tail with pointed tip waved behind her as she dropped to her knees in front of me. Her mouth was upon my cock in the blink of an eye, and she began giving me a sloppy blow job as her talons shrunk back to human sized finger nails. With both hands wrapped around my thick shaft, she began drooling copiously all over my cock head. I moaned as she began jerking my cock, her saliva lubricating the double fisted stroking. Her tongue snaked out of her mouth and slithered around my cock, licking and squeezing even as her lips kissed the head of the quickly hardening shaft.

I shrugged my way out of the remains of my t shirt, and should have been astounded at the fact that her talons hadn't even touched my skin, but I was too busy focusing on the oral delights I was receiving. I felt that driving need, that desire, oh so human urging me on. I'd gotten used to regular sex since becoming a mage, and I'd been going too long without. I knew intellectually that sex with Ruby would drain my mana, not contribute to it, but that primal desire, that urge, was too strong to deny. I groaned in frustration and lust as the succubus's head bobbed up and down on my dick, her hands working it fiercely.

I gripped her horns as I felt the first orgasm brewing. Forcefully I guided her head up and down as I bucked my hips, fucking her mouth. One hand slid down to my balls to caress them as her lips went lower, and she forced my cock deep into her throat. I felt the fat swollen head of my cock slide past her tongue and into the tight vice of her throat. I continued fucking her face and holding her head by her demonic horns as I got closer and closer to the edge. I leaned to the side and saw her neck bulging as my dick thrust deep.

That visual was too much for me, and I roared as I felt the up-welling in my soul. From deep in side of my very being I felt a drawing, a tug, and I came powerfully. My seed surged through my cock and all the way down into Ruby's throat. I knew what that drain was, even as I was powerless to stop it. I felt my mana draining along with my thick cum, filling Ruby, entering not just her throat and her stomach, but her very essence. Were I a normal man it would have been a bit of my life force, that which the demoness needed to survive. But thankfully I wasn't a normal man, I was a mage, and that meant that I could feed her raw mana.

She came up as I let her horns go and fell back against the couch. Still kneeling between my knees, her eyes glowed crimson like bright red LEDs. She licked her lips, and I could tell she was still hungry. "Give me a moment and I'll be ready to go again," I said as I ran one hand down her silky black hair as it fell along side her face.

"No," she said simply. Then she raised up on her cloven hooves and took my face in both hands. Her lips met mine and she kissed me. Suddenly I felt a rush of energy flowing back from her. Through our lips passed power, red hot, electric, spicy, and flaming power. I gasped, my back arching as this heat flowed into me. My eyes bulging wide and briefly flashing red as the new power settled into my body. "I don't feel like waiting," she said with a smile as she broke the kiss.

I wanted to ask her what had happened, what she'd done to me. But my cock ached, rock hard and needing another release. I could not put into words what was in my head, all there was in me was the raw animal lust, fanned from a flame into a raging inferno by whatever this succubus had just done. I yelled out wordlessly and grabbed her by the neck. Her grin widened as I stood, lifting her straight up. Her purple lips curled away from her fangs in a snarl fueled by the animal lust between us. She didn't breathe, so the tight grip on her neck was harmless. But I wouldn't say what happened next was.

Roaring I lifted her so that her cloven feet left the floor and then threw her. Over my shoulder, I tossed her as if she were no heavier than a bag of flour. She crashed down into the table, flipping it as she landed atop the edge. I looked down for a moment and kicked off the shredded remains of my ankles and stepped out of the socks on my feet. A demonic snarl was all the warning I had as I looked up. Ruby's grin was wide and aggressive as she crouched on all fours. Her wings unfurled and she leapt towards me, her wings beating once as she rocketed towards me. My hands went up and caught her taloned hands as they slashed in my direction. I spun, her wrists held tightly, and threw her towards the windows.

The safety windows bowed slightly, but did not crack as her nude form crashed against them. She slid down to land on her cloven feet, but I was on her again before she could recover. Again my hand gripped her throat and squeezed. Her hand came around to slash at my face, but I was ready, and ducked one razor talon before catching her other slashing attack. I pulled her towards me and then slammed her back against the windows again, lifting as I did so.

Despite not needing to breath, she gasped and paused. Looking down at me her eyes literally swirled with glowing red color. Her voice was deep and husky and she spoke as she looked at me, her full breasts heaving just below my eye line, "See? I told you I didn't like waiting." Her tail curled against my testicles and I looked down to see it stroking my rock hard cock. She laughed and said, "Nothing like a good tussle to get the blood flowing, eh?"

I let out a short barking laugh, then threw her to the ground. She landed, catching herself on her hands and knees and was about to push back up before I was on her. Her leathery wings spread wide as my weight bore her to the ground, her face pressed into the hotel carpet. "Stay down," I snarled in her ear.

The overwhelming smell of sex and spice filled my nostrils this close to her. But her butt pressed upwards, back against my hard dick as she said, "I submit."

With no further need, I gave in to my lusts. I reached down between us to drive my fingers back into her cunt. I found it sodden, literally dripping with juices. Already I could feel her slick secretions pooling on the carpet below her thick pussy. She gasped as I drove my fingers deep into her silken wetness. But I wasn't trying to work her up and get her turned on, we were both well past that point. 

I drew my fingers out of her, now covered in her slick demonic slime. Then I rubbed my fingers over the head of my cock, slicking it with her juices. She had time to moan just once before I pulled back slightly and grabbed her tail. Then in one thrust, I drove my cock forwards, spearing her tight asshole. Her taloned hands scrabbled at the carpet and her cloven hooves kicked as I plunged deep into her ass.

I fucked her hard and fast, one hand pressing down against her back between her shoulder-blades. Her hips bucked backwards as I thrust down into her. A normal woman wouldn't be able to take my large cock in her ass this hard, this quickly. But Ruby was no normal woman. Her crimson flesh clenched around my stiffness as I speared down into her soft round rump.

She came, quickly, as I sodomized her. Her tail thrashing and wrapping around my hip as her pussy sprayed a jet of spicy musky girl cum. My balls slapped against her spasming pussy as she soaked them. The tight viselike grip of her ass slowed my rampant thrusting, but did not stop me. I kept fucking her ass, pressing her face and chest into the carpet as I let my animalistic lusts play out. She came three more times before I finally lost the ability to hold out.

When I did reach my peak, I buried myself to the hilt in her ass. My balls slapping one last time against her swollen pussy before I came. This one was silent, my mouth opened but no cry came forth as my cock spewed hot spunk deep into Ruby's ass. I felt that tugging again as more of my mana was drawn from my internal pool, along with the demonic strength she'd granted me.

I rolled away from her, panting and gasping for air. Despite the great shape my body was in, as much as I worked out, that was just one of the most vigorous bouts of fucking I've ever had in my life... any of my lives.

- - -

I toweled off my wet hair as I walked back into the suite's living room area. Calling out to Ruby before I finished, "So what the hell was all that?"

"You've heard of a succubus kiss," she said rolling her eyes. She was back in her human form, and had put her discarded clothing back on the pale skinned and petite frame. She seemed to be inspecting her fingernails, which were now painted black, though they hadn't been before.

"I have," I admitted. "But I thought that was what you used to feed, what you used to draw energy from your... ahem... friends."

"Oh Mike, you should know by now that I draw energy using any part of me I want." She chuckled, "But no, the kiss can be used to drain energy or to grant it. I gave you a little taste of my own power back, just to see how you'd handle it." I sat down on the love seat so i could look at her as we talked. I pulled the wet towel away from my hair and looked for a place to throw it. "Nice robe by the way," Ruby laughed. "I'll bet you even used the hotel shampoo too, didn't you?"

I glared at her for a moment and then tossed the wet towel at her face. She caught it and tossed it to the floor next to the wet spot from her copious juices on the carpet. "Yeah, not that it matters. We can't all shift our forms to suit our needs after all."

Ruby smiled and winked, "But you could if you wanted too, couldn't you Mike?"

My eyes narrowed, "How do you know.... What aren't you telling me?"

"Oh sweet heart," she chuckled, "I know so much more than you could ever realize. I could fill books with the information I'm not telling you. Did you forget that I'm a several hundred year old demoness?"

I glanced at the wet spot on the carpet, large enough that it looked like someone dumped out a vase of water. "No, I think the red skin, horns, and cloven feet that I saw a little while ago would make it pretty hard for me to forget that."

Ruby laughed genuinely and clapped her hands together, "Yes, well, I know a lot more than you might think. Things like the fact that you're an archmage. You're one of the rare few that can cast spells across your usual discipline. It's one of the reasons I agreed to teach you my ability to mesmerize. Because you'll be able to learn demon binding spells and hopefully free me from my servitude to that brothel."

I pulled a chair around to the couch and sat down in front of it, straddling the back and leaning against it as I looked at her. "How long?" I asked, "How long have you known what I was?"

She smiled still, enjoying knowing more than me, "Since before Adam left the brothel to try to recruit you. You see Mike, he knows I'm trapped there, and he knows that I can handle and take the secrets and pressures of the magical world. So I'm not just his business partner that runs the brothel, I'm not just his occasional fuck toy when he feels like something exotic, but I'm also his de facto shrink. He can, and does, tell me things he couldn't tell anyone else. Things like he has a lead on another student, one not as promising as you were to him of course. But even a skilled eromancer in your pocket is a powerful tool."

"He's recruiting another student?" I asked, thinking quickly, "So does that mean that he thinks that I'm..."

"Yes," she nodded, "when he heard the news he was furious. He took a baseball bat to half the house. I'm not sure if he was more angry at himself for letting you go off and get killed, or you for doing it. But in either regard, I saw no reason to tell him that you weren't really dead."

She glanced down at my hand, and I knew she was hinting at the mark she'd put on me. "Thanks," I muttered. Then something she said clicked in my mind. "Wait a second. You knew I was an archmage before Adam came to get me? That means Adam knew the whole time?"
