 Author's note: I've been considering tweaking the series and self publishing it as an ebook. Fleshing out some of the chapters, adding a little more to the plot that's not directly smut related, etc. Because of this, and because this is the busy time of year, my updates may slow down drastically. I was thinking I'd focus on creating a backlog of chapters before I begin sharing them again. The reason I mention this is because this chapter ends on a very good 'pause point' as it were in the story. Chapter 25 is already in the works by the time you read this, and I'd love to hear feedback either in the comments below or via the feedback email form. As always thank you very much for reading, commenting, favoriting, and voting.

*****

I woke up thursday morning feeling better than I had in I didn't even know how long. The air in my nostrils reeked of sex, and that couldn't have made me happier. I opened my eyes and then immediately shut them again. I really needed to remember to start drawing the shades before I fell asleep. I cracked them open just enough to stumble to the control panel near the window and lower the shade, which blocked out the Las Vegas morning light that was streaming into the bedroom. 

Blinking and yawning I turned and looked back at the bed. I couldn't help but smile as I saw the two beautiful women that had fucked me, and each other, into a deep slumber earlier that morning. Erin's red hair lay wild and messy out on the bed, but it was to me somehow endearing and adorable. Even more adorable was the way her naked, sweat covered, body was curled protectively around Cheyenne. The fair skinned ginger was spooning the dusky native american beauty in a sweet, obviously loving way. I felt very emotional for a moment as I gazed at the two, proud, loving, and of course, a little horny.

Could I help that? No, of course not. They were drop dead gorgeous and they were in love with me. I knew that now, not just that they loved me, but they loved each other. The fact that their bodies bore the signs of several hours of fucking and foreplay didn't do anything to cause my morning wood to go down. For a moment I considered waking up one, or both, of them and going for another round. Round eight, round nine maybe? Who could keep track after last night? I decided against it and knew that I'd only slept a short while because I was so totally and completely full of mana. I felt energized, alive, like I could do anything and take on the world. But these two women weren't mages, they couldn't go without sleep, and it wouldn't be fair of me to ask them to do so.

Plus, I realized with a bit of sheepish shame, Emily Whitefeld had wanted me to come up and see her last night after I'd finished with the girls. I felt a little upset that it had slipped my mind, but then again, last night had been important. Erin, Cheyenne and I had reconnected and come to a very good place in our strange three way relationship. I grabbed the clothes I'd been wearing yesterday up off the floor and left the bedroom with the two sleeping beauties cuddled on the bed.

I shut the door as quietly as I could behind me and then realized I hadn't showered. I considered going back in as the bathroom was off the bedroom, but I was afraid of waking up Erin or Cheyenne. I could always use my magic to keep them asleep, but for some reason I didn't like that idea. I sighed softly as I looked around the lounge of the suite and then my eyes popped open wide. How had I forgotten?

There, between an empty wine bottle and one of the plates that still bore a few pieces of sliced cheese sat the USB thumb drive. I'd been so taken with the girls last night, and the way we'd reconnected that it had totally fallen to the back of my mind. Hopping into my boxer shorts and nothing else I hustled over and snatched it up. I closed my eyes for a moment and just breathed a sigh of relief, if any wine had spilled on it last night, or if I'd lost it...

I shuddered at that thought, but then pushed away the negativity and went to the side table in the lounge. On it sat the laptop that I'd been using for the last month of my isolation in this room. I sat on the edge of my seat as I slid the thumb drive into the USB slot and waited. Holding my breath I watched as the laptop recognized the thumb drive and opened it. My heart soared and i managed to avoid letting out a whoop of delight as I saw the contents, two files, and two files only. The first a document file just labeled 'notes' and the second a windows address book database. I opened it and saw hundreds of names scroll up onto the screen. I took a chance and typed in a name in the search feature. Then I did let out a whoop of delight, because there it was, there was the name I'd been hoping to see.

John Runningdeer.

I felt a sense of elation, I felt like I was finally making forwards progress in my life. I'd promised Elder Creaklimb that I would find this man, but in the two months that had passed, I hadn't made any progress. I'd tried to search the web for him, and made a few calls, but there was nothing on the net that was any help and the native american tribal counsels I had contacted had been unwilling to help a stranger over the phone. My sense of joy faded a little bit when I realized that the contact information hadn't changed in almost five years, but at least I had a place to start. 

It was ok, it could wait, I had other matters that needed my attention anyways. Including meeting Emily. I picked up the hotel phone and called her office, only to hear the somewhat sour voice of her secretary.

"Miss Whitefeld wanted to meet with me," I said, "This is... um... James Michael Wheeler?" The last part came out almost as a question, so unused to my new name.

"Miss Whitefeld is on a business call at the moment can I have your number and I'll tell her you called?" The secretary said in a bored and rather annoyed tone.

I gave her my room number and hung up. I wondered if Emily would be mad that I didn't come visit her last night. I backed the thumb drive up to some storage space on the 'cloud' before I did anything else, then I removed the thumb drive and left it next to the laptop. I may have had the mind of a thirty nine year old, but I was determined to try to stay in touch with current technology. I didn't want to become anachronistic like some of the older mages, and I certainly didn't want to seem out of place, being unaware of the things that a normal twenty something year old would be. I didn't really care for the terminology, 'the cloud'. I snorted, how stupid. There was no cloud, it was just someone else's computer somewhere.

While I was looking at my online storage space however I again re browsed the images I'd saved recently. I peered at them carefully and nodded, secure in the decision I'd made earlier. I was just getting ready to read through the notes that had come from Adam's computer when the hotel phone rang. I answered quickly, not wanting the ringing to wake up Erin and Cheyenne, and it was Emily's secretary again.

"Miss Whitefeld is very busy today and she wanted me to pass along her displeasure that you weren't able to make the earlier appointment. However she says that if you can come up to her office right now, she's can rearrange her schedule and give you fifteen minutes. But you'll have to come up right away." The woman's voice sounded almost smug, but I ignored it and told her that would be fine. I hung up without thanking her.

I hopped up and threw on last night's clothes, then knowing that I looked like I had just woken up I went to the sink in the suite's kitchen and dashed a little water on my face and finger combed my hair. A second splash of water on my face as I could still smell the scent of pussy on it from last night, then I toweled off, grabbed my key card and made my way to the elevators to meet with Emily.

- - -

She was on the phone again when I entered her office, not surprising since it was getting near eleven in the morning. She frowned as I entered and held up one finger in the classic 'one minute' gesture. I relaxed and unbuttoned the top two buttons on my short sleeve linen shirt and moved to the bar in her office. I'd been thinking about this meeting, trying to decide if I should confront Emily with what I'd learned almost a week ago. I'd been hesitating, because she'd been so good to me since I met her. But I realized too she was using me in a way, and I did consider her a friend, but I just had to know if what I'd discovered was true, or just a hunch. 

I poured a glass of whiskey, then poured a second for her, and turned, leaning on the bar waiting for her phone call to finish. I suppose I could have listened in on her conversation, but it sounded boring, it had to do with some sort of permit, so I tuned it out until I heard her hang up the phone.

I walked over to her, smile on my face and handed her the whiskey before sitting down in the chair in her office. She took one look at the drink and set it on her desk and glowered at me. "I thought you were going to come up and see me last night Mike," she said as she crossed her arms over her chest. She was dressed immaculately and I had no doubt that one of the walls in this office had a hidden closet behind it. I knew she had her own personal washroom, complete with shower, it would only make sense. "I'm not used to being kept waiting, especially by those who are already in my debt."

I shrugged my shoulders and took a sip of whiskey, it was good, very good in fact. "I don't know what you want me to say. You told me to come up here after I put the girls to bed. That's exactly what you said. Well they are finally asleep, it just took a lot longer than we thought it would."

She sniffed the air, "You reek of sex, were you up all night long fucking them or did you just roll out of bed?"

"Little bit of both I suppose. Ended up being a very late night, and it was probably sunup before we fell asleep. I didn't mean to forget about you, I am sorry about that." I nodded once as a way of apology.

She drew in a deep breath and sighed, "So, two things. First off, I've contacted a body shaper in Cali, he knows me and trusts me. He's not really powerful but he's also pretty lazy. He bought the 'wild mage' story I sold him without a question. I told him I'd send you his way for some training. I'll get you the details before you go, just try not to blow your cover to him. Don't let him know you're an arch mage, it might freak him out. Secondly I've got a driver in one of the hotel limousines that is going to take you to San Dimas. It's the small limo, so don't get too excited, but I thought that since you don't have a car, it would be nicer than hiring a cab. One last little thing I can do to send you on your way."

"I appreciate it," I said, not moving, just taking another sip of the whiskey.

"I don't know if those two girls are going with you, but there should be enough room. Assuming they don't have a lot of baggage to fit into the trunk."

I shook my head, "Nope, as far as I know they've got their purses and the clothes on their backs and that's it." I paused and added with a wry smile, "well the clothes that are scattered all over the floor right now at least."

Emily turned and glared again. I could tell she was angry, didn't have to be a mind reader to see that. But I just waited, meeting her gaze calmly. Several very long seconds passed in between the two of us, the two of us just staring each other down. Then I took another sip of the whiskey and she threw up her hands and let out an exasperated gasp. "Dammit Mike, it's not even noon!"

I shrugged, "But it's very good whiskey."

She let out an annoyed snort and put her hands on her desk, leaning forwards and looking at me. I noticed that the cream colored shell under her suit jacket had a rather high, professional neckline. Her entire state of dress was one of the consummate businesswoman, and I was acting anything but professional right now. "So, I guess that's it. It's been fun, keep in touch."

I shook my head no. "I seem to recall that you wanted one last wild ride before I left. Now I know I'm in your debt and I'm not one to welch on a debt. I'm here to pay up before I have to leave."

Emily stood up then, her eyes wide with shock. She laughed out loud, "You're kidding right? You stand me up last night, show up in the middle of my work day, smelling of two other whores, and you think I'm going to just hop on your dick?"

I shook my head no again, "No, I figured I'd bend you over the desk and fuck you till your eyes rolled back."

She laughed again and shook her head in disbelief, "You have got to be kidding. I've always found you funny Mike, but this has to be a joke."

I stood up and walked back to her bar, pouring another half a glass of whiskey. Turning back around and leaning against the bar I looked at her and asked, "How's Helena this time of year by the way?"

The look on Emily's face was exactly what I'd needed, it was the perfect confirmation. In the course of just a few seconds it went from confusion over my sudden switching of topics, to a realization of what I meant, to shock that I had asked, to panic, and then swiftly into a blank mask as I prepared to hear whatever lie she was about to say. Really, with emotions written so clearly across her face, it didn't matter that I couldn't read her mind. Her mouth opened once and shut quickly before she said, "Helena, who's Helena, I don't know anyone by that name."

I smiled at the obvious lie and walked back to the desk slowly, "I'm not talking about a person and you know that Emily. Helena Montana, a nice little town that sprang up around the last chance gulch gold rush of the sixties, the eighteen sixties. Bringing in people from the east, including german immigrants. People who wanted to spend their gold on things like whiskey, gambling, and girls. A town where the orphan girl of a german immigrant could make a very nice living if she was nice to the miners and panners."

Emily said nothing but the color had drained from her face. With one trembling hand she reached down for the glass of whiskey I'd poured her that she'd left sitting on her desk. She brought it to her lips and drained it in three long swallows. I continued, "Helena, the town where you grew up, I'm guessing before your magical abilities manifested. Where a young prostitute named Emily Herr worked in a brothel and casino. Where said young woman eventually took over as head madam and eventually passed the casino on to her 'daughter' who long term residents swore looked exactly like her mother had when she was young."

I had reached her desk and handed her the second glass of whiskey that I'd just poured. I handed it to her and she took it from me as I said, "That Helena."

She closed her eyes and drank the second glass of whiskey down. Then she set the empty glass down on her desk next to the other empty one and without opening her eyes, she asked, "How Mike? How could you possibly know? I haven't thought about that in years, I thought I'd buried that past a long long time ago. How could you have possibly found out?"

I took a seat on the edge of her desk and explained, "I had two weeks of mostly just sitting in that hotel suite. Nothing but the news and the internet to keep me company. I went digging. I wouldn't have ever made the connection except for a few things. First it always struck me as odd how kind you always were to the prostitutes. Oh you pretended to be above them, but I could see you really didn't think that way. You knew what it was like, you knew what it meant to sell your body, and you didn't judge women that did. Then you let slip your age that one time. Two hundred and fifty and you don't look a day over twenty five Emily, you should be proud. Next, I admit, was only because we'd spent so much time together. I noticed you still have the slightest traces of an accent when you're excited, but it's local and it's mid western, with a hint of German around the letter K. I've always loved accents, find them fascinating. But it's strange that after all this time, you still have a hint of it."

She opened her eyes and turned, walking to the large windows as I explained. "I may not have thought anything about it, except for the fact that Hector Todd still has a heavy accent. He told me he left the caribbean decades ago, a century ago maybe, but his accent is still so thick that he's hard to understand sometimes. But it's not just Cuban, not just Jamaican, there's something else in there that I'd never heard. I think it's a bit of whatever he had when he came over from Africa."

Emily wasn't moving, wasn't responding, her back an impassive wall so I continued, "So I knew how old you were, I had an idea of where you were from. Don't forget, I was a school teacher, I taught about the immigration and founding of the west for years in my high school global studies classes. So it was a matter of time and dedication, research. It wasn't easy either. There was only one picture of you and I wasn't sure it was you. Emily Herr, owner of the Royal Lady Casino, November 1889. It was one of a hundred pictures that had been submitted in a push to try to get more people to move to the newly admitted state. Why wouldn't you show a picture of a woman who had been successful in the territories? A woman who managed to find her fortune in the state, if she could do it, certainly anyone with enough moxie and grit could, right?"

She nodded her head, but continued to say nothing. I was running out of things to say but finished my thoughts, "Even then, it was a long shot. Emily Herr, Emily Whitefeld, it wasn't a smoking gun, but I've noticed of the mages that I've gotten to know, we tend to keep to our names. I'm on my third name already, Micheal Gray, Mike Naughton, and now James Michael Wheeler. Adam as well, he told me that he was born with that name. Hector, I don't know what his original name was, but I'd be willing to bet the first name he had in english was Hector. So there was that connection, the first name. Of course Emily isn't exactly an uncommon name. But even though the face was different, there was something in the way the woman in that grainy old photo was standing. One hand on her hip, head cocked just a tiny bit. It was what the kids now a days called 'swagger'. Emily had it back then and something about it just called to me, just spoke to me of the woman I'd gotten to know. Professional and successful, but trying oh so hard to hide her pride at what she'd accomplished. I didn't know, I couldn't be sure, but I suspected. Here was a woman, who had accomplished so much in a time and in a place where women didn't. Oh that Emily Herr, she could have been the elder, the 'mother' Herr. But she didn't look like she was in her late forties, and she was certainly too old to be the younger Emily, who the records would have said would have only been a young girl at the time."

There was a long period of silence, a minute, maybe two, and then Emily's intercom chirped loudly. She turned and I saw her face full of raw emotion. She slammed her hand down on her phone and said angrily, "Hold all my calls, push back all my appointments.

The voice of the sour secretary on the other end managed to get out, "But Miss Whitefeld..." before Emily cut her off.

"If I am interrupted once until I tell you, I'll have you escorted off the premises and your termination papers waiting for you when you get to the front door." She let go of the phone and looked up at me, her eyes questioning. She wanted more but that was really all I had. But I could tell that she was waiting for me to say something.

I shrugged my shoulders, "So, I'm guessing your magic hit you some time in your twenties and at first people didn't notice that your looks weren't fading. At first they didn't care because you were just another pretty whore. Then maybe a pretty madam who took good care of her looks. But when you became the owner, then people started noticing. How long did you have to lie about your age? How did you pull off the switch from mother to daughter?"
