 This is, ostensibly, fan-fiction of a friend's OCs who are in a "Will they? Won't they?" kind of relationship right now and is me giving them a kick in the ass to resolve the plot thread already. 

There is a lot of romance and "soap" up front followed by breast expansion to sizes I usually avoid but am making an exception for since this is the culmination of a long-burning relationship between two women with size kinks. Other things include hypnosis, increased sense of pleasure, size difference, facesitting, and lactation. 

Needless to say, if any of that sounds awful, I would advise clicking back. | Words: 4731

Maddie, only wearing the evening's shadows and a long shirt which draped much further down the back of her legs than the front, yawned as she stepped off the stairs up to the refinished loft of their rented warehouse. Each step made her recently expanded bust quake in a way that kept fanning the embers of a raging personal fire she had finally managed to get under control. She had not meant for them to get so far past her waist, but it had been hard to stop, too. 

Between this being the twelveth hour of pouring her magic into a seething concoction and still dealing with the fallout of her recent, supernatural encounters, she felt beyond drained. Even with her shower just now, a wrung sponge probably had more juice than she did. She was tired and sore and wanted to sleep but, she needed to look in on her brew now that it had been going for half a day. 

Tucking her damp silver locks back behind her ears, Maddie peeked into the workspace she shared with Cassandra. The potion in her cauldron towards the back corner was no longer the sickly acid-green from earlier but a brilliant pastel purple that glittered and frothed. A second wind rose around her as excitement pushed aside exhaustion. Her latest-and greatest-idea had finally congealed into completion! 

"Could you have your swelling theme music moment somewhere else, Pumpkin Tits?" Cass said, in her ever dour Ukrainian-Romani accent. She had not even looked up from her work to deliver the barb, her head ringed by purple-blue smoke that wove around her messy bun. "Some of us actually worked all day instead of getting off for the last twelve hours." 

"Hey! That was working!" Maddie snapped back, sticking her tongue out at her begrudging roommate, sort-of business partner, and maybe even something else now. "My getting off was part of the spell's focus, Bubble Butt!" 

"Oh? It was, was it? You needed to have a screaming orgasm every hour for the last twelve?" Cass spun around on her stool. Her pale cheeks and the white fabric of her snarky Curse Words t-shirt were both streaked with soot from her etching runes into her wooden project. Several poofy and curly strands of her night-black hair had escaped from their restraining hair tie and hung over her prominent nose like a storm front. From behind those clouds, her black eyes flashed blue in imitation of distant lightning. "Was me listening to you all day also necessary or just an added benefit?" 

"Whatever," Maddie said, stepping over the threshold into the vast room that had been a storeroom in its previous life and was now home to a room-spanning waist-high workbench. "You know you enjoyed listening to me moan all day." 

As she slipped through the humming wards, her barely an outfit morphed into a thick, well-worn dark-brown leather apron over a long-sleeved shirt, equally heavy pants, and work boots. It was her go-to outfit for dealing with scalding hot well, anything really-because getting burned seriously sucked. Well, that and the fact that these work clothes always resized to fit her body. 

"In fact," she continued, her half-occupied mind returning to their normal bickering pattern, forgetting all of the tension built between them right now. "I bet you thought about joining me at least once." 

"Oh totally," Cass said, her voice dripping sarcasm as her eyes flashed again. "I mean, why wouldn't I be all hot for you after finding out that us hooking up every night for more than a week was not you finally being into me, but because you got possessed by a super horny lesbian fertility demi-goddess during Ostara, hm? That seems like the perfect basis for desiring further sexual escapades, wouldn't you agree?" 

Maddie went to retort, but it was hard to argue with the truth. The mood deflated quickly as her exhaustion rushed back in around her. 

Cass punctuated her snark with a huff before letting her hair down. Released, her mass of unrestrained locks fell into a shimmering cascade of inky black waves and ringlets that enveloped her shoulders and left the silver-haired witch scrambling for words. 

Although Maddie might have been a passenger in her body's first lesbian encounters, her mind had spent that time wrapped in a compelling, sapphic experience which had left its mark on her. In an attempt to keep her host passive, Maddie divine co-pilot had clouded her mind with visions of another time-one where she and Cass had been an item for years. 

"Have I... have I told you what happened during that time?" she said, her voice quiet. The near-endless stream of slightly altered moments from their past had all felt so very real in the euphoric haze of pleasure and satisfaction. So much so that it was hard telling them apart from the actual memories. 

The conflicts kept clawing at Maddie's awareness. Things about Cass which had been annoying before were now maddening in different ways. That which had been kind of cute before was now attractive enough to make Maddie feel hot. With all her being, Maddie wished she could claim the feelings pounding in her chest and between her legs as her own and not the result of The Stag Goddess's meddling-but there was no getting around that her feelings now grew from those memories. 

"Not one fuckin' scrap," Cass snapped, then she put her fist to her mouth, her index finger against her lips. After a few seconds, she spoke again. "Sorry, I just... I was so happy that we were together... finally." 

"Like, this probably sounds selfish as all hell," Cass continued, "but I had spent all that time thinking you were into me, the same way I was you, and were just hung up on something from your past. By the time I realized that you were straight and just a very physical person, my crush had already reached critical mass." 

"Now wait a godsdamn minute," Maddie said, putting up her hand. "I've never been straight. It's just, well... my first time with another woman went... poorly. So you were right, I was hung up on something in my past." 

"Oh," Cassandra said simply before getting to her feet. "Um... where was I?" 

"Something about your crush reaching critical mass?" Maddie offered. 

"Yes! That! So yeah, I feel even worse about it after hearing that, but all the affection I had turned to frustration with you," Cass was pacing now, her colorful, patchwork skirt swaying with the movement of her hips. Her butt, a near-perfect shelf behind her, bounced with each step. "Especially with how we kept getting pushed together. I took jabs at you, but our clashes never seemed to dispel my emotions, only intensify them. We kept connecting better and better, and that only made the frustration all the worse." 

"So you blew up my ass at every opportunity to what-punish me?" Maddie jabbed on reflex. 

Cassandra stopped moving but, instead of unleashing an emotionally charged outburst, her cheeks turned pink, and her lips rose into a wry smile. "Growing your butt was part of it, yeah. Although it was more than that, too, you were just so... oblivious about what I was trying to do by sharing my, uh... primal love." 

Maddie raised an eyebrow. 

"Hmm, said differently growing you like that, it was... um... me sharing my most intimate desires directly with you. Giving you a pear shape all the time it... You know, what? I can't explain it really beyond that." 

She pulled her fingers through her dark roiling sea of hair, her expression pensive as she gazed at the floor, seemingly looking for words the same way Maddie was. Letting the moment rise, Maddie turned her attention to her potion. As she stirred the viscous, oily goop, Cassandra's words drifted around her mind. 

"You know, I kind of get what you were trying to say," the silver-haired witch mused. "It's not like I... I didn't do the same to you. Sharing what I liked in that intensely intimate way. Geez, I can see why everything I did was confusing and frustrating to you." 

"Right, so when "you" came on strong that first night after the circle for Ostara," Cassandra continued, her arms crossing and her obsidian eyes coming back to meet Maddie's. "I figured that maybe... maybe you'd gotten past whatever was keeping us apart. It's probably silly to feel this way, but I have never felt happier than the first time we kissed." 

"I wish I could say the same-and not because I don't feel the same way," she added in a hurry, "because I do. It's just I... I have no idea how much of this is me, and how much of it is still the lingering side-effects of sharing my body with a sex-charged existence. It's all such a tangled mess." 

Maddie had woken up from the possession horny and madly in love with Cassandra. In the following days, she had found herself clinging to the idea that her turbulent emotional state, and much-increased sexual appetite, were both the persisting influence of The Horned Goddess-not actual changes to her personality. As good, as comforting, as natural-seeming as the feelings were in light of the new memories, she was also all the more keenly aware they had come into being in the span of a few days. 

It was those feelings and memories which were the real reason Maddie had spent the bulk of the day masturbating to stoke the fires flickering beneath her cauldron. The conflict had just built up to a boiling point and it took the entire day to find relief. 

In the quiet, Cass shook out her magnificent mane, unknowingly pouring fuel on the awakening fire. She pulled her fingers through her tangles a few times as she moved to stand next to Maddie, pulling it all up into a vast, floofy ponytail. Putting a hand on the other woman's shoulder, she tried to sound encouraging. "Go on, Mads; I'm all ears." 

Maddie, however, was not sure how to articulate that she had rationalized that The Stag Goddess had only temporarily altered her consciousness-at least, not without implying her newfound attraction to Cassandra was part of that illusory state. It was one thing to tell herself that everything she was feeling, including her massive crush on Cassandra, was a result of the false memories created by her possession, but it was quite another thing to tell someone that everything you felt towards them was likely a lie. 

"Hey, you in there, Pumpkin Tits? 

"Oh! Yeah. I just, um, got lost," Cassandra's pale lips were so close to her own. Maddie felt herself slide over so that their hips touched, though she made no move to escalate the intimacy further. "Lost in thought, I mean." 

"Okay, well?" 

"When I woke up, I avoided facing those feelings being part of my reality now," Maddie continued, resolving to let her emotions flow out. "Not because I hated the prospects of having a libido deeper than my near-canyon-sized cleavage or of being with you. In fact, us living as a couple would make life so much more comfortable." 

"Then why the walls once more in the last week?" Cass snapped, turning to push her body into Maddie's bust. Her eyes were hurricanes. "Why push me away when how you feel is how you want to feel?" 

"It's... In large part, it feels painful-" 

"-Painful!?" Lightning seemed to crackle around her. 

"Yes! Painful!" She roared back, pushing the raven-haired woman back with a sudden breeze. 

"Look, Cass. Either chill the fuck out, or I'm done with this-all of this. I get that you've lived with a dull ache for years-and I'm honestly sorry about that, but, here's the thing, I'm right there with you now! While the euphoric bliss of being possessed enveloped me, I was shown, over and over, what we could have been! In a week, I lived an entire other life where we were fucking amazing together!" 

Cass staggered back even further; the storm had gone out of her eyes. "I had... I had no idea. I had thought you were present for everything. By The Wheel, I-" 

"It's okay!" Maddie cried, reaching out to grab hold of her hands. "I don't blame you for what you did during that week-and you're the only reason I'm the one standing here and not The Horned Goddess." 

"Anyway, the pain comes from how every missed opportunity-all of which The Stag so helpfully showed me-weighs on me. I am feeling regret for a life that could never have been. I can get over that though; we can go forward together." 

"Y-y-yeah," Cass said, "we can, but that doesn't feel like everything you want to say either..." 

Maddie sighed. "What hurts is... What hurts is that I will never to arrive at this state on my own. I will never get to grapple with my relationship to my sexuality. I will never have had to deal a sex drive which borders on nympho-fucking-mania. Most of all, I will never get to fall in love with you, because I already have felt that way about you... for years!" 

Her rage had grown with each statement as she realized just how much of her identity had been overwritten. She hated the goddess for doing it to her and she hated herself for feeling conflicted about it. 

She turned to look at Cass and the next thing she knew, they were kissing. Although that only lasted until the magical flames beneath her cauldron flared up dramatically, causing them both to jump back. In a hurry, Maddie passed her hand between the ornate, wrought-iron legs of the stand for her four-inch cauldron and snuffed the flames of her spell. 

"So what are you making anyway?" 

"Something to boost someone's sense of pleasure. Just a couple drops and-" but before Maddie could finish speaking, Cass had scooped up some of the light, creamy mixture on a finger and slipped the sample into her mouth. The effect was almost instantaneous as she went from merely sucking her digits clean to moaning as she slid them back and forth between her lips. Her eyes drifted closed as she squeezed a second finger between her taut lips and slurped. 

"Cass...?" Maddie gingerly reached out even as purple tones similar to the potion bloomed within Cassandra's pale lips. They seemed subtly fuller now, their colorful mass glistening thanks to the dark-haired witch's increasingly copious drool. "You okay?" 

Cassandra gave one final moan around her fingers before releasing them with a wet pop. When she opened her eyes, there were hearts faintly superimposed over her irises and pupils. "Wow! I feel so good, Mads! I'd say the potion's one helluva success!" 

"Well, sure, but I don't like the side effects you seem to be having." 

"What side effects?" she said, sounding genuinely surprised even as her tongue played with lips which were definitely more plump than they had been. "I feel fine-well, okay, I feel hornier than usual. But that's to be expected, right?" 

"I guess..." Maddie twisted to grab some glass flasks from the shelf just over, and when she turned back, found herself kissing Cass unexpectedly. Something wet and warm flowed between them. Her body warmed, the satisfaction finally found after hours of masturbation faded away as her libido awoke. Her divinely-inspired sex drive dove into her alternate memories, flooding her awareness with so many little things about her partner that were arousing. 

That smoky scent of her woodwork. The taste of clove and cinnamon on the air around her. The softness of her lips. The cute noises she was making. Maddie found herself craving the feeling of Cassandra's skin and tugged off her companion's shirt. Both women were gasping for air as they briefly separated, but they reconnected without hesitation. 

They stumbled backward as they kept making out, their voices blurring into one moan. Passing back through the workshop's wards returned Maddie's attire to merely a thigh-length shirt and nothing else. A moment later, the battered sofa from Maddie's apartment brushed against her legs, but Cass kept pushing them. 

Maddie stretched her left arm back to grasp the back of the couch and try to keep her feet. They tumbled to the cushions anyway, Cass' skirt draped over the both of them. Pinned beneath, Maddie could not extract her arms from under Cassandra's body. She realized then why Cass had not been feeling her up as well. 

"No! Wait, Cass-!" But it was too late. 

She watched, horny and worried at the same time, as the other witch downed what was nominally a hundred doses of the potion. For a moment, the only sounds were Cassandra's enthusiastic gulps. Then she started panting and moaning. She frantically pulled off the lace bralette. A blush spread across her chest as her little nipples pulsed and twitched as they swelled up a considerable amount. 

According to her alternate memories, Cass had never been super wet, but her juices began to flow over Maddie's wrists in a flood. The pear-shaped witch sank her fingers into barely-contained tit-flesh to keep her balance while starting to rock her bountiful hips ever further back and forth. 

It was not long before her burgeoning clit, no doubt heavily engorged from the potion's effects, soon became wedged between the rounded edges of Maddie's pinned forearms. Her grinding movements quickened and her tongue slipped past her lips as she gasped and moaned and cooed with open mouth. 

"...Cass? Cass. Cassandra!" Try as Maddie might reach her, however, The Witch of Butts was essentially drunk on pleasure. She sighed. "Typical... you always have all the fun..." 

Just then Cassandra stopped humping her. She opened her eyes for the first time in minutes and brilliant purple-pink hearts encompassed nearly all of her pupils and corneas. "Boobie Maddie Moo, whatever am I going to do?" 

"Stars, Cass! Whew, I thought you'd gone off the deep end." 

"Oh, I'm in deep, my cute little cowgirl," She leaned forward, letting Maddie free her aching arms as she lounged on mounds that might as well have been small beanbags. 

"I'm drowning in you, Mads," she whispered, their lips just brushing. "In these tits and those baby blues..." 

This time, each kiss felt like their very souls were touching-it was really the only way Maddie could describe the sensation of utterly connecting with Cassandra. Her hands slipped down into the bottom-heavy witch's skirt and began to work the waistband over the colossal curves of her companion's ass. It was a little awkward, but they managed to remove her skirt together without pausing in their make-outs. 

Naked now, Cass lifted Maddie's shirt by pulling the collar past her chin. The rest of the fabric dragged over her nipples, causing the silver-haired witch to squeal with delight-until she realized that Cassandra was once more restraining her arms. The t-shirt was just behind her head, her limbs enveloped by the slightly stretchy fabric like she was trapped in some kind of giant Chinese-finger puzzle. 

"You... you did this on purpose!" 

"Of course... now that it's really you I, well..." Cass trailed off while she moved but her heart-shrouded eyes never looked away as her enchanted lips wrapped around her left nipple. 
