 *This post contains the first sex scene of the story, and it is very dominant-submissive. The person I wrote this for enjoys this kind of scene greatly, but I understand that not everyone is into it. Before you go off and get started, I'll simply explain that I will only keep posting this story if people actually enjoy it, so feel free to leave criticism in the form of a comment or a favourite if you enjoy it. Lastly if I do continue sending these chapters in, I will probably be posting around 3-4 chapters each time instead of just 2 as literotica pages are much longer than I thought. I hope you all enjoy this story, and you can be sure there is a lot of story and sex to come.* 

Chapter 5 

You frown slightly, not wanting to show too much emotion as you respond inquisitively. 

"Husband? As in... You two are a couple?" 

Terenim seems about to respond, but the queen does so first. 

"Of course. Every queen needs a king for her nest. The stronger the better, and they don't get much stronger or bigger than this one." 

Her talon like digits scrape across his scalp once more and you feel yourself blush as he finally begins to speak. 

"Alaina here, once she'd grown to her matured arachne form, developed a certain interest in human societies. After she'd studied them for a while using stolen books or spying on settlements, she decided she disliked the idea of having a male be her "king" for a short while until she ate him, so she chose to find a more... appropriate king for herself and her nest. Eventually she found me, and decided I was worthy. The rest is a long story, but to boil it down, we're not mates, if that's what you're wondering. Although it is supposedly possible for a human and an Arachne to reproduce, we have not." 

He looks to you with a hint of something in his eyes and voice. Was that... amusement? You feel a sense of relief wash over you almost unconsciously, and you make a note of how Terenim's speech has differed since Alaina has joined you. He seems more relaxed, speaking in looser and less concise terms. Alaina speaks up again as you're overanalysing this as usual. 

"Yet. Even though I haven't gotten him so far, he technically has gotten into my pants. I made those personally." She chuckles at her own joke and continues. "For now he acts as my king in a more official and... administrative manner. He leads me and I lead my children. He keeps us fed and content and we serve him. And since he agreed to be my king and I his queen, that makes us husband and wife in my book." 

He smirks and answers. "Maybe you ought to close that book more often. Or get some reading glasses." 

With such a mix of distress, shock and amusement coursing through you as the conversation goes on, you eventually let out a little giggle. 

"So... as of now it's more of a contract?" 

Terenim smiles even wider as you laugh and takes one of Alaina's thin, chitin covered hands into his to interrupt her scraping session. 

"Exactly. I'm glad you understand. Alaina, move the lift down please. I don't want to have to go through the entire system to get to the next floor." 

"As you command dear." 

She smirks as she replies, and one of her legs moves a string of silk you hadn't even realised was stuck to her back. You feel movement above you, and look up to see a large piece of chitin held up by web being lowered. It's wide and thick enough to hold a large amount of people from the looks of it, and once it lands on the floor with a thud you both get on. You can feel its sturdiness and Alaina begins to pull on the silk once more, lifting the contraption slowly. As it climbs, you notice the flaming spiders climbing out of the way, now extinguished and seemingly none the worse for wear. You then feel Terenim's arm wrap around your waist and pull you closer to his side. 

"Be careful. The fall wouldn't hurt you, but I'd rather not have to make an unnecessary trip." 

You straighten as he touches you through your dress, and your breath becomes shaky as you exhale. However you don't resist as he pulls you closer, his warmth feeling pleasantly intense as it seeps through the silk. 

The lift finally reaches an alcove with a smaller magical door on one side. He opens it with a flick of his wrist, and you both step out into what seems to be a swamp. Colossal trees and reeds grow amongst the boggy water. A heavy fog hides a myriad of insects in its midst, just as large as the wasp from the lower level. This level, the 3rd one, serves not only as a source of food for Alaina and her brood, but also as another type of maze with its own naturally horrifying defenders. Wasps, mosquitoes, ticks... All of them are humongous down here, and so are their appetites. A normally proportioned human being would quickly be drained by a leech or a mosquito, but none seem to dare come near the owner of this place. You can feel a sort of aura emanating from your creator, and guess that it's related to the lack of hostilities involving the buzzing and slimy creatures around you. 

You finally go through the entire swamp, and walk up to the 2nd floor. 

You can feel a sort of heat even through the doors, but it doesn't feel natural. You imagine some kind of furnace or volcano on the other side, however your skin is not where you sense this heat. Rather it feels like a burn on your very essence, what might be called your soul. 

"Lord Terenim... What is that? That feeling?" 

"That, my dear, is why the second floor is the best way to weed out the weaklings without actually hurting them." He answers with a satisfied smirk. "You see I'm only interested in fighting the strong. That is why I designed this floor to be a non-lethal way of dissuading anyone unworthy of the challenge. And what better way to do so than the Daramir?" 

Flashes of information on these creatures pop up in your mind, and your eyes widen as his originally cryptic words make sudden sense. These seem... interesting. You're genuinely excited to see them, as they might help you discover who you really are on the inside; an empty shell to be filled with experiences or if you have some already present personality from somewhere. A small smile creeps onto your lips as the doors open slowly. 

"Here we go..." 

Chapter 6 

As the doors creak open you are met with a strange landscape. This floor seems much smaller than the others, with walls of a purplish red hue. It actually looks like the inside of a human stomach in some ways; the walls even look flesh-like from certain angles. 

Your lord walks in, and you can't help but imagine what lies beneath that coat... Beneath those clothes... You are brought back to reality by the feeling of your teeth biting your lip hard enough to cause pain. Shaking your head you follow Terenim through the doors, and you feel the burning sensation inside you intensify almost instantly. You can barely focus as you attempt to get used to it, and in the time it takes you to come to your senses Terenim has moved to the centre of the large crimson room. He turns to you and a grin like none you have ever seen spreads across his lips. 

"Come here, whore. " 

Your eyes widen and your body recoils at the shock of hearing those words. You take a step back, not believing that your lord has uttered them. 

"Wh-What?" 

You stutter, feeling increasingly uneasy at the situation. 

"I said come here, you filthy little whore! Do not make me repeat myself!" 

Every word sends jolts throughout your body, but not the kind you would imagine. Rather you feel an unusual heat between your legs, and your nipples feel like they're being shocked with every syllable that leaves his lips. Surprising yourself you actually obey, moving slowly towards him. Your body is weakening with every second that passes, your thighs soon beginning to feel wet as images of what could happen race through your mind. 

With your reflexes, you see the slap coming as soon as you get close, but let out a lustful moan as he strikes your face, not even dodging. 

"Next time, obey faster." 

The blow barely tickles, but the very idea of being treated this way further stokes the flames of your lust. You can't help but sound like a wanton slut as you reply, your voice dripping with arousal. 

´Yes... my lord... My master." 

You hesitated to add the last two words, but instantly feel happy that you did as you see the front of his robes twitch. He smiles down gently at you, and lowers his hands to your body. He begins to rip off your dress without a word, the silk flying over his shoulders as he undresses you forcefully. Every time his fingers latch onto the fabric they rake against your skin and you let out a moan or a shriek at the feeling. Your entire body is aflame with lust, and your mind is fighting desperately to keep control. 

"Master... Please stop... I can'- Aaah!" 

You cry out as his mouth latches onto your nipple and your hands move to his head. You move them to pry him off of you, but your hands disobey you, pushing his head harder into your breasts as his teeth roll one of your nipples between them. Your body is betraying you, and you desperately try to resist. You feel two fingers run across your lower lips and practically scream from the pleasure. 

Panting, you find yourself on your knees and make yet another attempt at resistance. Of course you are still unaware of why you obey him so. Had you been more focused you might have wondered if he'd created you like this; created you to react to his advances and enjoy it. 

"Master please, don'- Mmmph!" 

Once again, before you can finish your sentence, he interrupts you. This time he pulls your face into his crotch, his throbbing shaft hard as mythril against your lips even through his pants. You breathe in through your nose and your eyes nearly roll into the back of your head as his scent overcomes you. You salivate and your mouth opens subconsciously whilst your tongue slides out to run across his length. You know you must look like a cock hungry whore, an addict, a filthy cumbucket waiting to get her face fucked, and you try desperately to care. 

Before you realise it, he's taken it out, and your moan comes out shakily as you see it in all its glory. It's huge, bigger than you dared imagine; longer than your face and as thick as your wrist. Now out of the confines of his clothes, the smell is even more intoxicating, and just as you move to wrap your lips around its girth he forcefully thrusts half of it into your mouth. 

You instantly climax as the taste, smell, sight and feel of it overtake you. Your body is wracked with spasms as you scream around his cock; the small part of your mind still working hopes that your screams serve to please him, and you are rewarded by a dozen thrusts into your eager mouth and throat. You eventually notice that your limp, post-climax body allows your master easy access to your throat without having to worry about gagging. 

Every movement he makes sends wave after wave of jolts through your body, pleasure ripping through your nervous system more violently than any drug or magic could ever hope to. Every inch that he buries into your throat causes your pussy to quiver and smoulder as though the thick slab of meat was sliding inside it, pulsing with heat. 

After numerous thrusts, when you've recovered enough to moan again, you prop yourself up to willingly suck on his member as he buries himself to the hilt between your lips. He uses your hair to pull you onto him completely and his balls tighten just as he lets out a primal roar. Shot after shot of sweet, musky tasting seed fills your mouth and belly. His cum tastes like liquid lightning, and you scream again as the sensations wrack your weakened body with another series of shocks. You realise you're cumming again, your body twitching once more before he lets go of your hair. You fall to the ground, your head hitting the floor painlessly. You feel used... abused... violated and left on the floor like a sex toy... And you love it. You close your eyes, lick your lips clean of semen... 

But when you open them again you see a bright red feminine face smiling innocently at you, mere inches from your nose. You cry out in surprise and step back. When did I get back up? 

"Interesting... Her mind is so strong it only took a mere moment to get rid of the dream... You've truly created something impressive." 

You look around confused, and see Terenim looking at you with a curious gaze. He's dressed exactly as he was when you came in, not a hair out of place, and next to him floats a pretty little Daramir. Her bright red skin is smooth and vibrant. Her general figure is vaguely feminine, with slight curves but no genitalia or nipples. She floats through the air, twirling and somersaulting slowly as she speaks to your creator. Her white hair moves as if without gravity just like the rest of her body, and her bright purple eyes seem as if they're staring right through you. 

"I know Saltien, she's remarkable." 

He walks to you and puts his hands on your shoulder as you look at both of them, utterly confused and somehow embarrassed at what you just witnessed. 

"Don't worry, Shyvana. I don't know what illusion you experienced, but it's over. It was all a hallucination. A dream. Nothing has changed. We just walked in here and you froze up for a few seconds. " 

He looks into your eyes as he talks, looking for panic or fear. You breathe in deep and then slowly exhale. "I see... So I was the only one to see it?" 

"I'm afraid not. She could too. But as per usual Saltien refuses to talk of others' fantasies with me. Daemon-Dreamer confidentiality or something." 

You flash a look to the little creature, and she gives you a wink along with a giggle. 

Information begins to come back to you as you finally calm yourself completely despite the remnants of pleasure in your system. Daramir, a species from another realm which many call "Dream Demons". Not much is known about them and the other Daemons, as very few people have managed to even catch a glimpse their universe, and even those few are only rumours. This particular breed are known for capturing their prey in their own fantasies, often revealing truths that many never wished to uncover or face. They then proceed to do with their immobilised catch as they please. Most will toy around and play around with the dreams before feeding off of their magic. Then they usually either disappear or completely drain their prey. Others such as Saltien whom have accepted a pact with a host, in this case Terenim, will do whatever they are asked; to a certain extent. 

"I like her, my lord. She's interesting. And very imaginative for a new-born." 

She giggles and lays on her side mid-air as she winks at you again. 

"I use this floor to weed out the mentally weak, immobilising them and forcing the stronger ones to move on without them. After a while they are released from their dreams, usually with mysteriously soiled pants..." He gives the Demoness an amused look. "And they go back to the 1st floor." 

You let all this sink in, and blush slightly as you realise Terenim is still holding your shoulders reassuringly. 

"I see, mast- My lord." The catch in your sentence sounds like a hiccup, and your lord smiles gently before releasing you and leading the way slowly to the door. 

"See you soon, Saltien. We'll pass through here on the way back. Try not to start any more boredom fuelled fires will you? You know Alaina has a good nose and hates the smell." 

She rolls her eyes and nods in reply. As you pass her she whispers to you. 

"When you come back here, if you want to see his fantasy... give me a wink. " 

She disappears in a crackle of purple flame, consuming her until there is only you left in the room with the echoes of her signature giggle; leaving you pondering her words as you catch up to Terenim. His fantasy... Should I...?