 Chapter 10 

You desperately want to gain control over this body, to turn around and give yourself entirely to him. You want to praise him as his cock pushes past your lower lips, to tell him how huge and powerful he is. The burning sensation between your thighs gets hotter and hotter as you run, but you're not in control. It doesn't matter just how much you want his member to fuck you into submission, to pound you into a sexual coma, you can't make this body stop. In this fantasy or dream, Shyvana refuses to give up and instead desperately wants to get away. 

Of course, she wants it nearly as much as you do, her thighs are completely drenched with her juices and she can still remember the feeling of his cock in her mouth; how much pleasure it flooded her body with. That's what scares her. She doesn't want to become submissive to his cock when she doesn't know what he'll do once she's given him her body. You know he's kind and affectionate, possibly even warm and fuzzy inside, but she doesn't. 

Your breasts bounce and shake every time your feet hit the ground, your nipples rubbing against the fabric. They're still sensitive and the feeling almost elicits a moan of pleasure from you. You're about to focus and speed up when the sensation intensifies. Your nipples burn as they scrape violently against inside of the pelt and the pleasure increases tenfold when the wind cuts its way into your clothes and over your breasts. You look down and cry out as you see your top has been ripped off. Terenim is right behind you, holding it and grinning as he runs. You cry out partly in fear and partly in lust as you speed up. Unfortunately for Shyvana, your lord is much more powerful and much faster than she hoped he was. 

He kicks off of a tree, the impact leaving a huge crater in the splintered wood whilst his body shoots towards your fleeing form. He barrels into you, and as you both roll on the floor from the impact his fingers clasp and pinch one of your nipples. You immediately go limp from the pleasure, a miniature climax wracking your body. He takes the opportunity to move to you and spread your legs. Shyvana resists, mewling out gently as her hands pretend to strike at his chest. He forcefully separates them and his tongue scrapes against your sex. You cry out and scream in barely contained pleasure as another orgasm threatens to overtake your weakened body. 

She kicks her legs weakly and gets to her feet and sets off running only to slam into his chest. He really is much faster. As she crashes into him she falls back on her ass, breasts glistening with sweat and swaying with each movement. His cock is just above her, and she stares at it for what feels like an eternity. Her eyes close and she turns around, crawling away on her hands and knees to flee and get back up. As your body scrambles to get up he impales you on his shaft. All the air rushes out of your lungs in a pleasure and lust-filled howl, and you fall limp on the ground twitching as the greatest orgasm of your life sinks its claws into your flesh, causing it to twitch and burn with bliss. 

He immediately starts to thrust in and out, treating your cunt as his property. Both you and Shyvana agree... He's earned it, you're all his. He pushes his member into your semi-limp body mercilessly, and every movement forces another cry of pleasure out of your lungs. 

"Please use me... fuck me with your-" You gasp as his testicles brush against your clit. "Fill me up! Fuck! I love it so much... I love you... I'm all yours... Pound me into the ground! I'm your queen! Your cock hungry queen! To use whenever you wish! And from today onwards... Aaaaaaaah! Oh fuck! I'll never stop... Begging for it. As your queen... You'll fuck me every day... I'll never stop touching it... Begging for more... Use me, use all the other women as well if you want but USE ME!" 

You cry out on every thrust, screaming between orgasms. He pounds into your cunt so hard you feel like you're sinking deeper and deeper into the ground. "It's so big! I love it! You're my master! I'm your little bit-!" Your jaw goes limp, eyes rolling back into your head and your body going limp before you pass out mid-sentence. It might be for the best... Dirty talk is hard... 

Chapter 11 

When you awaken, the forest is gone, and you're back in Saltien's cavern. You open your eyes to find that next to nothing has changed since the dream started. In fact you regain focus just in time to see the end of the spark between you and Terenim. He, however, has frozen in his tracks and turns around slowly. As his eyes meet the little daemoness' they narrow, but keep moving until they find yours. They're blank. Empty. They betray no emotion as he stares into your eyes for a few seconds. 

"M-My lord?" 

He turns back around and walks to the doors leading to the next floor, but not before you see a glimmer of emotion in his eyes. He leaves the doors closed and he presses his palm to their smooth surface. A light blue glow emanates from the doorway, and when he pushes it open you find the exit covered with a dark veil. He steps through, the darkness enveloping him like a pitch black mist, whilst motioning for you to follow him. When you follow his example, you close your eyes and feel a strange dryness envelop you. When you raise your eyelids you find yourself in the luxurious and easily recognizable hallway of the 9th floor. 

He calls back, his voice strangely shaky as he walks towards his room. 

"Get some sleep! We have a big day tomorrow!' He continues walking, and as you stare at his back you deliberate on your next course of action. On one hand it's obvious he wants you. On the other he is acting rather strange and you're not sure you can read emotions well yet. 

You opt to head to your room and walk quickly inside, closing the door behind you. Your breathing is ragged and fast, blood rushing back to your face as you remember the last few minutes. You strip naked, noting that the dress does not have a single scratch or any kind of dirty patch on it. 

"This is a very good piece of clothing..." 

You absently mutter to yourself and hang it up near your bed. Stretching and running your soft hands across your body, teasing, you turn your head and notice the full-sized mirror near the bathroom door. 

You move over to it and admire your reflection. You are more than happy to see that the dream you witnessed was not an exaggeration, actually more of a misrepresentation. As you inspect yourself, turning this way and that, you actually find your body more attractive than the other Shyvana. Your horns are a little bigger now that you look at them, but the biggest difference is your muscle mass. You're not bulky by a long shot but your body is much more defined; you see the muscles tense and stretch under your skin in a very satisfying display of power. 

As you turn back to go to bed, you catch a glimpse of your perfect behind, and find yourself interested to see that you actually have one more patch of scaly skin than you previously thought. There are the two you had seen in the dream on your shoulder blades, but also a smaller rounder patch just above the crack of your luscious rear end. You don't know much about it, and you're quite tired after your first day so you ignore it for the time being to climb into bed and close your eyes. The material beneath and around your body feels incredible against your skin, and you move around a bit just to feel the friction give you goose bumps. 

It doesn't take long before you fall asleep and begin to dream. 

The next morning, you awaken to find your thighs soaked, and your mind informs you of what a wet dream is. You blush even though no one is around to see it, and ever so gently play with yourself as you attempt to remember what had you so hot and bothered. You're sure Terenim was involved. Him and that humongous... 

You shake your head and pull your hand away from your sex, getting up and going into the bathroom. 

Its decoration and furnishings fit the rest of the luxurious yet sensible theme your bedroom is adorned with. This room is a mixture of gold and white as opposed to the darker colours of your bedroom and the halls. A large sink illuminated by some invisible source is attached to the corner wall, with various little containers and utensils tidily set up around it and the mirror above it. To the left of the sink is a large bathtub with a shower tap shaped like some kind of lizard's head. 

You freshen up, the routine of washing yourself and your hair feeling almost like a habit. Your horns and the scales on your back are carefully and delicately cleaned as well. You notice the various brushes and combs as well as shampoos and soaps laid out for you, smiling to yourself as you imagine your lord wondering what scents and types he ought to place in your bathroom. Did he know I would be a woman? It can't be a coincidence that I look like that other woman... 

The question pops into your mind before you realise it, and you find yourself quite curious as to the answer. You finish washing yourself with the warm water, and you find it interesting that no matter how hot you made the streams of liquid, it never felt like it was too much. 

You get clothed in your dress once more, your mind mentioning panties and a bra. You ignore the advice for reasons even you don't truly understand. The feeling your clothes or lack thereof gives you as you are gives you yet another bout of goose bumps, and you head out after putting on a pair of heels you found in one of the numerous closets from your room. Opening the door, you peek out into the hallway and are instantly hit with the smell of food. Once again your mind supplies you with names and some images attached to the smells. 

Ciki eggs... Melidorn meat... Various smoked fish and seasoning... 

Your mouth waters and you follow the scents down the hall. Your eyes are closed to better track and appreciate them, and you turn left towards a smell you can't quite place. It just emerged from the others as you were walking and you find it nearly irresistible despite how good the others smell. You follow it until your nose bumps against a door. Still in your sniffing-trance, you give the door a gentle push and feel it swing open without so much as a squeak. 

As it does so your nose is met with a concentrated burst of the scent, and you practically drool as it invades your mouth and nose. You can't resist finding out the source of the mouth-watering fragrance, so you open your eyes. If it smells this good, you imagine tasting the actual dish must be pure bliss in and of itself. 

Your eyes go as wide as saucers as you realise you hadn't walked into the kitchen, the dining room or any other such room. Instead you'd inadvertently opened the door to your lord's chambers. Where he was in the middle of dressing, his back half turned towards you. Now that your eyesight and nose are focused, you can more easily track the scent, eventually realising it is emanating from his member, surging out in waves as it throbs; apparently still hard. 

Morning wood is a biological mechanism which affects- No! Now is not the time for a biology lesson! You don't make a sound, backing away and closing the door slowly and silently. You breathe one last deep breath before hurrying towards the smells of food. 

You sure hope he didn't realise you were there or what you were doing... 

Chapter 12 

When Terenim enters the room you're sat at the table, voraciously eating. You make an effort to keep in line with proper etiquette at first, but the incredible tastes and new sensations are too much for you to resist for long. Of course you still attempt to be graceful and polite in your movements, not wanting to seem too animalistic and unrefined in front of your lord after all. He sits down and you redouble your efforts to control yourself. 

"Good morning my lord." 

He cocks an eyebrow, and you straighten up. 

"Good morning... Fiol." 

He nods, smiling and beginning to eat as well. All the worries you had about being in control and seeming refined at the table go out the metaphorical window as you soon see your lord eat exactly the same way you do. He's not ungainly or dirty, but he eats in large mouthfuls and rather fast. You smile happily as you go back to eating, soon realising he isn't sitting at the head of the table, where you assumed he would. He has sat down right next to you, and your heart beats faster out of joy at the realisation. 

You can smell his scent as he sits next to you, the one you'd followed all day yesterday, and as you lean down to eat you notice the irresistible scent from before beginning to flow from Terenim once more. You control yourself this time, but your body reacts nonetheless. You're afraid of soaking the chair you're sitting on, but focus on eating. 

As both of you seem satisfied with your tasty breakfast, he turns to look at you. His eyes feel like they're staring past yours, deep into your mind. You see various hints of emotions as you stare back, but none are enough to get any insight into his state of mind. 

"I was thinking we ought to explore today. The outside, that is. I decided that the best option for you right now would be the western plains, and after we've given you some exercise, maybe today or a little later depending on your strength, we could go east to challenge you a bit more." 

"That sounds like a plan... Fiol. Lord Fiol. I was hoping you would take me." 

"Pardon?" He cocks an eyebrow curiously as a small smirk crawls along his lips. 

"I meant take me there! I didn't mean..." 

He laughs and comforts you, telling you he knew what you meant whilst his hand lands on your knee. It's warm, and you can feel his heartbeat through his palm. This is only possible because your sense of touch is just like the four others: more developed than the norm. You hold back against the urge to gasp as he touches you, instead smiling as you blush lightly. 

"I would love to have you guide me through the plains, Lord Fiol." 

"It's settled then. We'll leave in an hour. I know you might wonder if you armour or something more than that dress is necessary, but don't worry about that. I'll have everything you need." 

As he mentions your dress you witness him look you over once, and the delicious smell intensifies. It's all you can do to resist ripping his pants off and filling your mouth with his cock right there and then. You lick your lips and he leaves the room; giving you the opportunity to calm down. The plates are left on the table and you wonder if you shouldn't do something about them. You pick up a few but soon realise you don't know where to put them. You turn to call to your Terenim but he's already gone so you put the plates down slightly frustrated and go back to your room to stretch. You're not used to this body's needs and you're unsure if you need to stretch, but figure it can't hurt. 

The hour passes and you meet Terenim outside his door. When he opens it you immediately regret your choice of waiting spot due to his seemingly permanent aroma bursting out of the room. You feel the scales on your back tingle along with your loins and breasts, but once again resist the temptation coming at you in never ending waves. 

He smiles at you as he walks past and motions for you to follow. He repeats the ritual he performed on the door the day before, the doorway now entirely black as both of you travel through it and end up on the first floor. You're just in time to see the creatures set up their shops, and you wave at some you recognise. The goblin on the spider carriage squeals along on his vehicle, waving like a child. When you pass the restaurant from the day before, the goblins bow; the troll chef blushes as you wave and the smaller waiters laugh and poke fun at him excitedly. He rushes back inside, laughing at his employees to stop. 

You can't help but smile at the feeling of... what is it that you feel... A sensation of familiarity surrounds this place, even after only a day spent here you already feel like you have friends. You remember Alaina, and your mind decides this is a good moment to teach you what "girl talk" and "sleepovers" are. You nearly giggle to yourself as you imagine sharing secrets and having pillow fights with the gigantic brood mother. 

As ridiculous as the mental image is, you can't help but feel tempted by the idea of sharing secrets and talking about men with another female being. Saltien seemed too cheeky and tricky for you to share anything with her just yet, and you hadn't really seen anyone else you could talk to that way. You smile to yourself a bit as you imagine talking to Beln the ghoul or Orgal the ogre about Fiol in that way. 

You shake your head clear of such thoughts for now, as the both of you have reached the cave entrance. The morning light pours over you bit by bit as you advance, and you appreciate the heat it brings. The lights in the dungeon are nice but you feel as though nothing compares to the world's original light source, the real thing. 

"Alright Shyvana. It's time you left the nest so to speak." 

You like the expression he refers to, your mind showing you images of small avian creatures teaching their young to fly as Terenim places a hand on your back. You feel a surge of magical energy coming from his palm and a sudden rush of power moving through you. Your eyes go wide and then close tightly as your body feels electrified. A rush of wind whirls around you and you quickly open your eyes to see the landscape has changed quite a bit. In fact you're seeing the same landscape, only from about a kilometre higher than before. You let out a small cry as your head turns towards your lord's voice. 

"That expression was more literal than you think." 

His two feathery appendages are already forming as both of you begin to fall and pick up speed. From the corner of your eye you see a scaly surface directly behind you, only to realise your body feels different around your shoulders and lower back, as if your muscles had shifted and been left sore. 

"What the-!" 

You cry out in confusion as a leathery pair of wings and a powerful tail seem to have sprouted from your body. 

"I told you, more literal." 

You plummet towards the ground, the side of the mountain rushing upwards past you and its base rushing up to meet you.