 *You've all been waiting for this, and I've cut this post a little shorter than others for reasons you'll understand soon. Enjoy!* 

Chapter 17 

The night passes in a blur of dreams, most of them you feel were probably erotic as you wake up in your bed. You realise you've slept in your dress, a mix of disappointment and appreciation runs through you as you understand Terenim must have put you to bed. Without so much as taking off your clothes. Your hands tentatively move to your breasts and sex and find them quite sensitive, eliciting a moan from you. 

You smell food and turn your head to the nightstand on which a tray rests, food piled on top of it; enough to sate your hunger. You eat quickly, the events of yesterday having drained you of nutrients and energy. As you begin to feel better, your focus widens to take in sounds, smells and such around you. Eventually you hear the sounds of struggling, growling, and the clanging of metal upon metal. 

For half a second you fear some kind of attack, but instructions being shouted by what sound like goblin sergeants informs you of what you're listening to. Training. You do your best to wash up, impatient to get up to the seventh floor. Seventh floor? How... Has my hearing gotten even better? You theorise that your transformation yesterday could have further improved your capabilities since there's no way goblins could be training down here, but don't spend too much time on the subject. You find another set of clothing in the drawers in your room, a sort of light shirt and pants, tight but very elastic just like the dress. 

Made from the same silk as your previous garment, they allow you to move quickly through the hallway until you reach the door to the staircase. You hesitate in front of it, not only because you might be leaving your lord asleep in his room without so much as a greeting, but also because you do not know how to open the door itself. 

You remember that breakfast in your room is not a normal thing, so he must be awake and have organised for it to be delivered. That issue cleared up, you turn back to the door and put a hand on it pensively. How could I... You feel a shift in the energy holding the door closed and it swings open. Your smile at Terenim's thoughtfulness. These gateways are designed to keep anyone without permission from opening them, which means he must have added you to that list beforehand. It seems small and insignificant, but this action shows that he trusts you to roam his dungeon, his very home without supervision. 

You head up the stairs and ignore the treasure room entirely, instead hurrying upwards to the seventh floor. Your heartbeat increases slightly as your long slender legs take the steps two by two. You grin to yourself at the thought of combat and burst through the doors, taking not of the surprising 'bloodlust' you feel. 

You are greeted by the sight of hundreds, if not thousands of goblins and their officers training. Most of them are practicing general military tactics, manoeuvers and such, but other higher ranking creatures are having some sort of tournament. 

The smell of sweat and pheromones given out by the countless active bodies hits you like a maramen charge, and your knees weaken for a moment as heat rushes into your cunt and breasts. Your skin tingles all over as you pant and eventually calm down; images of being used by each and every creature here flashing through your mind. You can just imagine the hordes of goblins turning towards you and overpowering you with numbers; their members hardening all around you as the first of them forces his shaft between your- 

You are brought back to reality by a tug on your clothes and look down to see the goblin from before. The one which had handed you a handkerchief to clean your nails and fingers from the fight with Orgal the troll. You blush, as if he could tell what you were thinking about, before greeting him. 

He responds with a few signs and gestures, communicating that he has not learned to speak your language yet. You do your best to dumb down your speech and gesture more to communicate. He informs you of where lord Terenim is, and leads you to it. You ask him his name as you walk through the throngs of soldiers, aware and strangely satisfied by the wave of erections you are causing as their eyes devour your body. He responds by pointing to one of the large pillars in the cavern, where a stalagmite and stalactite met eons ago. 

"Pillar?" 

He makes a chopping motion down the middle of his arm. 

"Pil?" 

He grins and nods happily. Just as you're about to try and talk to him some more about where the name comes from, the crowd of soldiers thins out and stops near an area of the cave set up like a basic arena. A marge crescent-moon shaped slab of stone rises gradually from its centre, interrupted by long slabs of stone used as seats. At the bottom is a ring about thirty steps in diameter, covered in a thin layer of powder; possibly some sand-like element. Many weapons hang from stands, positioned to the sides of the bleachers along with armour, and dozens of powerful officers are sat watching the arena. They're sweaty, some of them bloody, but none of them seem to care about their wounds or filthiness, instead wide eyed and transfixed by what is going on in the ring. Between you and the ring stands a large crowd of cheering goblins and other officers ranked too low to be on the bleachers. This throng of bodies is blocking your view of the event. 

You make your way closer, and when you reach the edge of the circle you let out a gasp. That sweet scent can only be your lord's and it is intense. You can't bear it and your legs very nearly give out. You look into the arena with wide, lustful eyes and with your tongue running over your lips. 

What awaits you inside the arena first causes confusion, followed by shock, and finally awe. Two of them? Of him? There in the circle, their bodies clashing against one another, are two Terenims. Every time their bodies collide the air pulses and cracks, their power and speed causing shockwaves. They move too fast to follow in detail, and every so often will blink in and out of existence for everyone but you. You can see them jumping across the entire cave, using the pillars to push off of or hanging from the ceiling to strike at each other. 

You will your eyes to focus on their auras rather than the physical aspects of their bodies. A quick look into their magical energies shows you that one of them has a heavily diluted energy, and you imagine it could be some sort of clone; albeit a very convincing one since he seemed to be giving the original quite the workout. Sitting there on the floor with your entire body shivering at the scents and sight, you take all this in in awe until they suddenly stop. The clone disappears like ash being blown away by wind until nothing is left, and Terenim walks towards you. His sweat drips off of his body, sliding down his chest and gathering in the waistband of his pants, just above his crotch. 

Even soft you can see his member through his pants if you focus, and boy are you focused in that moment. He stops, standing in front of you with his bulge at your eye level. 

"Morning, Shyvana my dear. Care to test your strength?" 

You swallow hard, tearing your eyes from his crotch to look into his. You slowly but steadily get up and straighten. Your pupils dilate and your heart pounds harder as you nod, following him into the ring. You're hesitant to take him on after he's already tired out, not wanting to hurt him. You frown, reluctant to begin until the gong you noticed on the side of the arena is sounded, and he springs into action. 

He grins as you barely block the first sweeping kick, and your mind kicks into gear immediately. Even worn out your lord seems overwhelmingly powerful, and your brain shifts with your body into a combat state of mind. 

After blocking with such difficulty you move back, only to have to deflect three strikes from his fists. This leaves you with an opportunity, and you use your tail. It swings towards his ribs and nearly strikes true. He avoids the collision by vaulting over you and sending his heel swinging towards the back of your head like a pendulum. You grunt and summon your wings in a flash. You hadn't realised they had disappeared during the night, but now they nearly cave from the pressure of his blow. He lands, still behind you, and you whirl around to meet his next offensive. 

Instead of the expected arms and legs, you see him rush forward and tackle you. Your feet leave the ground and you brace for the impact on your back. It never comes, and you quickly come to the realisation that he's flying through the cavern with you in tow. Blows are exchanged at minimal range, short and sharp gestures, no movement is wasted as you each block and deviate the other's strikes expertly. Just as you feel a distance between you grow, you are ready to shift your centre of gravity and push yourself away from his grasp... But everything goes dark. 

A moment later, you slam into your bedroom wall with your wrists pinned against them. Subconsciously you figure out that he must have flown you through the seventh floor doorway with that veil spell activated, and sent both of you barrelling into your room. His lips push against yours voraciously, dominating yours. You're surprised but immediately retaliate in kind, your lips putting up a fight. 

He pushes his body against yours, pinning you further as his tongue slips into your mouth. You grunt and send a blast of magic outwards, sending him to the floor. You pounce onto him and grab handfuls of his hair as you kiss him once more. Both of you are snarling just as much as you're moaning, and occasionally bite at the other's lips passionately. He pushes back against the wooden floorboards with his wings, so hard the both of you are sent flying into the ceiling. 

His fingers and toes pierce the flat surface and he grips onto it, kissing you the entire time. His lips scrape against your neck and you let out a powerful moan. You sweep his limbs off of the ceiling as you feel his member press against your sex, and both of you land heavily on your bed. You pin his arms next to his head, and to your pleasant surprise he doesn't fight back too hard. Leaning in close to his chest, your teeth snag his clothes and you let magic flow through them carefully. 

The energy you release travels through his clothes, fast and powerful, and the silks disintegrate immediately. With nothing to hold it back, his cock springs up and roughly smacks into your clit through your pants. Your eyes go wide and your legs tense as you barely manage to stave off your climax. The half-scream, half-moan you let out edges him on and he thrusts his hips upwards, the curve of his member pushing into your cunt. 

You gasp. "Haaah! Let me... take my... clothe-" 

Before you can finish he rolls his body to the side and you end up on your back. Your eyes are full of lust as you attempt to take your clothes off. He rips your top away from your chest and his lips latch onto a nipple, furiously licking, sucking and biting the sensitive tip. You breathe in deep through your nose, and the scent of his arousal multiplies the pleasure you feel; your pussy shakes and coils, needing, begging for the upcoming climax. 

You feel him move between your legs, and wait for him to shred your pants to get at your tight cunt, but squeal out in surprise when you feel his cockhead push against your outer lips... Through the pants. 

You scream out in pleasure and surprise, looking down between your thighs to see his monstrous cock slowly piercing into you, stretching the silk as it follows his member inside. Your screams get louder at the feeling, your eyes out of focus as you can feel the surprisingly flexible silk beginning to rip apart inside you. It scrapes against your clit and outer lips at the same time as his head pushes into your depths. 

He's only a few inches in, and the clothes will stretch no more. You're crying bloody murder at the incredible feeling ripping through your body. Finally, with one final push, he shoves his entire length into you to the hilt; you feel the silk rip completely inside your coiling cunt, just as your eyes roll back into your skull. Your pussy shakes and shivers as a humongous climax accompanies his violation of your body. 

You can't breathe, you can't think, all you can feel is your master inside of you, his massive cock claiming you as his. You can feel his shaft pump in and out of you, his muscles flexing and tensing rhythmically. He's like an animal, and your body reacts in kind. You moan and mewl, incoherent babbling escaping your mouth as he grabs your hips to pound into you harder. Your pussy needs no time to adjust, to stretch to fit his enormous cock inside you. It's as if you were made for him to use this way. 

Your nails dig into his chest, and he reacts by fucking you into the mattress with even greater force. You scream and gyrate your hips even more, scraping your fingers down his abdomen. 

After the third... eighth... or was it five...? orgasms, you're about to lose consciousness, but you force yourself to stay awake. You want to be conscious when your master rewards you with a nice thick load of his potent seed. You want to feel him truly claim you as his property. 

Finally, you feel his pendulous balls tighten and they brush against your tight little asshole in just the right way. You cum both from that light touch and the feeling of the volcano of cum erupting inside of you. His seed, like magma, burns your insides as it bursts forth deep into your pussy. You scream a final time and he pulls out of you once you're full, cum spurting out of your pussy due to the pressure inside. He aims his powerful cock towards you and sprays your body with his cum. The thick white liquid covers your chest, your hips, and your face; you moan and twitch at the feeling, trying but failing to move as he covers you with his load, spurt after spurt shooting onto you. You are just about to lick your lips and have a taste, but you lose consciousness. 

The last thing you see are his hungry, primal, but loving eyes staring deep into yours. Your impromptu nap is filled with thoughts of those eyes, so filled with emotion and changing their colour as you fall deeper into unconsciousness.