 (Note; this story is a sequel to my earlier Restarted, parts one and two, and to The Transgression Solutions, hence also belongs in the same series as Thanks for the Memories.)

*

The two people lurched through the apartment door together, humming the tune of "Waterloo" in very poor harmony, and then the man stopped for a moment to tell the apartment lights to come on at one-third power. Then he turned towards the woman and leaned towards her.

She didn't accept his kiss, however, but held him at a little distance as she looked him in the eye. "Is it really true, then?" she asked.

"Is what true?"

"About you being ninety years old."

"Ninety-four, actually. But of course it's true. You can look at my implant if you want."

"Fucking hell."

He paused to stare at her. "How old are you, then?" he asked.

"Nineteen," she replied. "Fuck. Bit of a difference, isn't it?"

"Look," he said, "if it's just too weird for you, do just say."

"No. It's just fucking amazing. I'm up for it, so long as you fuck like you look."

"How do I look, then?" the man asked.

"Actually," the young woman said, "you look like an office worker who goes down to the gym too often."

"Oh. Well, in that case, I think that I can promise that I fuck better than I look."

"Good," the woman said, unfastening the clasp that held a black lace shawl across her shoulders. Throwing the shawl aside, she stood with her hands on her hips as the man gazed at her crimson leather corset. Her long, jet-black hair was fastened in two plaits, which hung down past her shoulders, while her face was pale, and she appeared to be wearing dark eye make-up and scarlet lipstick.

"Nice," he said, and untied the laces that held the corset closed at the top.

"Old-fashioned enough for you?" she challenged.

"Lot more old-fashioned than me, actually," he told her. Grasping the top edge of the corset with both hands, he drew it open so that her breasts came free. "Nice," he repeated, and bent forward to kiss them. Her skin was pale, almost dead white, while her nipples were like dark rubies.

"Thanks," she said, looking down to watch his mouth working on those nipples.

"Just out of interest..." he said, raising his head again to look her in the eyes.

"Yeah?"

"Sorry, but this stuff is new to me. You've had some kind of treatment, to look like that?"

"Oh, yeah. Semi-permanent pigment modification. You like it?"

"Looks great," he assured her, and illustrated the point with several more kisses. "But if I look so boring to you," he asked, straightening up and grasping her waist with both hands, "why'd you take an interest in me?"

She shrugged. "Dunno really," she said. "I guess that there was something about the way you were watching the band -- fuck, you were at the gig in the first place ... What's so funny?"

"Sorry," he said. "But -- an Abba tribute band?"

"Yeah. What about it?"

"I guess that I was surprised to see someone like you there."

"Why's that?" she said, sounding slightly annoyed but mostly puzzled.

The man shrugged. "Well," he said "look -- is your style Goth Revival or something?"

"Goth," the young woman said fiercely. "Never needed reviving."

"Okay," he said, "but I don't remember Goths being very into Abba in my time."

She shrugged. "Are we going to stand here all night?" she asked.

"Sorry," he said, releasing his grip and guiding her into the apartment. "Would you like another drink?"

"Not specially," she said. "Would you like a fuck?"

"Yes," he said, diverting her towards his bedroom. Once they were there, she sat on the bed to unfasten and remove her high-heeled shoes, and then stood up again and pulled up the hem of her multi-layered black gauze skirt so that she could drop the black lace G-string she was wearing underneath it. He, meanwhile, had struggled out of his tunic and shirt and kicked off his own shoes, and she stepped up to him and embraced him, nuzzling at his shoulder and then nibbling at it, hard.

"Ow!" he said.

"Oh. Fuck. Sorry." she said, breaking the embrace. "These are new." She grinned at him, drawing her scarlet lips back to reveal that her canine teeth were elongated and needle-pointed.

"Hell's bells," he said. "Very fancy." He craned to look at his shoulder, where a pair of small drops of bright blood marked the place where she had bitten him.

"Sorry," she repeated. "I won't do that again. Hope you don't mind them otherwise."

"No," he said carefully. "But I won't be asking you for a blow job."

She grinned again, more naturally now. "I'll make that up to you," she said. "Take your pants off."

The man obeyed, and the woman ran a hand down his belly until she reached his cock, which she began to manipulate deftly. At the same time, she began to run her tongue over his nipples. He gasped, and simply stood enjoying the sensation for perhaps a minute, before steering her to the double bed. She sat down and lay back, and he finished unfastening and opening up her corset. She cast it aside, leaving herself topless. Then he lifted her skirt up, and smiled as he saw her stocking tops and her pussy, with just a neat tuft of dead-white hair contrasting with the hair on her head. He moved up to the medical implant display on her shoulder, tapped it three times, and smiled at what he saw. She returned the gesture with an impatient look, then raised her eyebrows.

"Okay," she said, "you are ninety-four."

He moved back down her body to bring his mouth to her crotch. She moved her thighs apart, and he knelt between them and probed her cunt with his tongue. She inhaled sharply for a moment when he found the entrance, then relaxed as her probed and caressed her.

After a moment, he looked up. "Pardon my saying," he said, "but you've been heavy with the perfume down here."

She laughed. "Oh, that," she said. "that's a treatment. Just a temporary thing. Lasts about a month."

"Jeez," he muttered, then went back to her pussy. Running his tongue up the line of her cunt lips, he made her gasp for a second with careful pressure on her clitoris, then stood up and pushed her skirt entirely away from her crotch. She wriggled a little further up the bed, he knelt between her thighs, and she sat up and took his erection in one hand while caressing his balls with the other. A moment later, he began to breath deeply as she moved her grip carefully up and down the length of his cock, and she grinned her fanged grin as it quivered in her hands, the tip glistening before her eyes.

"God," he said, then "please..."

She took her hand from his balls and applied it to her own pussy, fondling herself for a moment and then carefully parting her cunt lips as he gazed down at them. Then she shifted a little more, guiding him to her entrance.

He began to push into her, carefully and slowly -- slowly enough that after a few seconds, she was digging crimson-painted fingernails into the sides of his hips, pulling him in harder and faster. She gasped sharply as he entered her entirely, and then they grinned at each other as he held himself above her.

Then they began to move together, and she sighed deeply. "Ninety-four..." she muttered.

"Body's just a few months old..." he replied. "Younger than yours..."

"You saying I'm old?"

"Hell, no." He smiled briefly. "Young and tight."

"Glad you like it."

"Anyway," he said, "I hope that I do fuck better than I look."

"I dunno," she said. "I've never fucked an office drone."

"Perhaps you ought to," he said, pausing for a moment. "I was one for forty years." He smiled. "Though actually, I think that I was pretty boring fuck most of that time."

"So being Restarted..."

"Made me fit and healthy again," he said. "But it was realising that I had a second life made me want to do things better this time." He moved again, slowly but firmly inside her. "And to fuck a few more different women."

"I'm another tick on your list?" she asked. He didn't reply, but kept an impassive expression as he thrust into her steadily and rhythmically. "Oh, fuck it," she muttered, and wrapped her stockinged legs around him, clamping her heels against his thighs. She closed her eyes, and began to gasp ecstatically, occasionally letting slip another "oh, fuck," until with a final deep gasp, her body quivered under him.

Now he lowered himself on top of her, holding her head gently with both his hands, pressing his chest against her breasts. His thrusts grew harder and less regular, until suddenly he too groaned, and she felt his orgasm pouring into her.

They rested together for a moment, and then she disentangled her legs from around him, and he carefully extracted his softening cock from her pussy and rolled off her. They lay side by side, silent for a moment.

"I hope that wasn't too conventional for you," he said pensively after perhaps a minute.

"What do you mean?"

He laughed. "Sorry. Me thinking in clichés. I wondered if you'd turn out to be into bondage or something."

She grinned. "Wanna be tied up, then? Or do you wanna tie me up, then, lover?"

"I'll try anything once. Having a dangerous vampire at my mercy... Yeah, mind if we try that?"

"Okay." She shrugged.

He found a couple of soft scarves somewhere, and fastened her wrists to the head of the bed. She wriggled and grinned, and he ran a hand gently over her breasts, before examining her skirt for a moment until he found the fastening. Undoing that, he removed the garment and threw it onto a nearby chair. Then, slowly, a little teasingly, he rolled her stockings down her legs, one after the other, leaving her entirely naked. She sighed softly with pleasure.

"It's traditional to impale a vampire with a wooden stake," he commented.

"No fucking wooden stakes here, lover."

"This do?" he asked, with a gesture.

She glanced at him below the waist. "Yeah, it will. So impale me with it, why don't you?"

She spread her thighs and he placed himself between them, then carefully guided himself to her entrance once again. "Want it?" he asked.

"Fuck me, you bastard!" she said softly.

"Like you could stop me." He pushed, and they sighed in unison.

"Yeah," she said.

"Yes," he replied.

"Yes, yes, yes," they chorused as he pounded into her. She bared her fangs for a moment, and he reared back, than set to pounding her harder and harder. She let out a shrill "oh!" then writhed against him; he lowered himself so that he could clutch her naked buttocks with both hands, squeezing her against himself. She grinned, and he gasped as he came again.

Then he carefully extracted himself, his softening cock briefly leaving a silvery trail on her pale skin, and sat beside her, looking up and down the length of her body with a soft smile.

"You wanna untie me know?" she said, "Just I'm getting a bit of cramp here."

"Not yet," he said, suddenly abrupt.

"Oh," she said, staring at him. "Oh shit. Look, my phone knows where we are, and it'll call for help if I scream right. And my implant's supposed to call someone if anything happens to me."

"Oh, don't worry," he said quickly. "I'm not into any of that stuff. You're safe with me. I'll untie you in a minute. I just want to have a word with you and not have you find an excuse to leave."

"Fuck you," she said. "I will scream..."

"And I'll tell people that you're an industrial spy."

"What?"

He smiled softly. "And that bite," he said. "Technically ... okay, well, I guess that you can say it was consensual. But would you want anyone to take too close a look at those teeth?"

She studied him carefully. "What do you think this is about?" she asked carefully.

"Oh, the hospital warns all of us," he said. "There's no magic drug in our blood, but there are enough commercial secrets involved in the Restart thing that certain people might want a sample. Just to see what they can find."

"And you reckon that's what I wanted?" she said, not sounding quite disdainful enough.

"Once my brains had taken over from my balls," he said. "I mean, say what you like, you and those couple of friends you were with did look out of place at that gig. And I'm not sure I'm very interesting at first glance, let alone being your type. And the bite ... well, I hope that you're normally more careful with those things."

She stared at him. "So what do you plan to do now?" she asked.

"Me? Not much. The hospital told us to be careful, but there are a thousand ways to get a blood sample from someone if you really want, so they make sure that there's not much in there to discover. This is no big deal, really. I guess I'm mostly just curious. Are you really an industrial spy?"

The woman sighed, all the defiance fading. "No," she said, "not really. Not, like, as a full-time job."

"Then what's this all about?"

She sighed. "All these treatments cost money," she said. "One of the doctors at the clinic -- he knew that I was looking at some new expensive stuff, and he told me that he could get me it for free if I could get something for him. He's got connections, in the pharma biz."

The man sighed. "Of course he has. So you sold your soul to become a vampire," he said.

"It was just a little job," the young woman muttered.

"Sure," he said. "Did you get paid in advance?"

"The teeth are the pay. Most of it. They're supposed to take out the mechanism when I go back with the sample. Make them a bit less sharp, too."

"That's probably just as well, yeah." He shrugged. "Look, I believe you -- maybe I'm gullible, but sorry, you really weren't slick enough to be an expert spy -- and I don't want to screw things up for you more than you might screw up yourself. Let's say I won't tell anyone about you personally if you tell me the name of the clinic and the doctor."

"You'll do that?" she said.

"Why not?" he said. "This isn't my fight. I got bitten, but I got laid too, so what the hell. If you get a sample, other people may not try. I'll even not tell anyone for a day or so. Should give you time to get the teeth changed."

The young woman gave him names, and he checked them with a portable computer. Then he stepped over to the bed and reached out to one of her wrists.

"By the way," he said, pausing, "I haven't forgotten that you've still got those teeth. But aside from the house computer and my implant, I've got ten or twenty pounds of Restarted muscle on you. Plus seventy-five years of being nasty."

"I'm not a complete idiot," she muttered.

He untied the bonds, and the young woman massaged her wrists briefly and looked at him sheepishly. He looked back at her with a faint smile.

"I have to admit," he said, "In ninety-four years, I've never done it with a professional before."

"I'm not a hooker," she snapped.

The man sighed. "You slept with ... sorry, I should say fucked me because someone was paying you," he pointed out.

"Somebody was paying me to get a blood sample," she said. "They didn't tell me to fuck you."

"But they gave you those teeth. The number of ways you could use those without getting arrested is pretty small."

"I was making this shit up as I went along!" she said. "I had to get you alone and get close to you, sure, but coming back here was just how it seemed to work. And you're not bad looking, y'know, and I thought what the fuck, I haven't done it with anyone that old before..."

"I guess I'm flattered," he said. "Even if I'm a tick on your list."

"Believe what you like," she said, sitting hunched and naked on the bed.

The man sat beside her, still naked himself. "Okay," he said. "Not professional -- enthusiastic amateur. Anyway, thanks," he added.

"What?" she said, startled.

"Some friends have been telling me I ought to be more adventurous," he explained. "Picking up a cute Goth teenager seemed like a good start. Getting bitten by a wannabe vampire, getting seduced by a spy -- well, that stuff was a bonus, wasn't it?"

"Sarcastic bastard."

"No, honestly." He patted her on the shoulder. "thanks."

"You think I'm an idiot," she muttered.

"Not really. You're young and inexperienced, so you want cool toys, you don't want to defer gratification, and you let yourself be used. But being Restarted makes me pretty impatient too, and makes me want to screw cute Goth girls. So we both got what we wanted. No idiots here."

"Not sure I wanna be cute," she said.

"Tough. It's better than being not bad and interesting because you're old."

"What was that other thing you said? About, what, gratification?"

"You don't want to defer it. You want everything now." The man sighed. "Don't worry, being Restarted makes me much the same. It's why I let you get close to me before I started wondering why you'd want to."

She stretched out, no longer bothering to hunch around her nakedness. "You are old," she said, "and it is weird. Half the time, you're like any other guy, and the other time you talk like my dad."

"I'll let you in on a secret. Your dad is probably like me the other half of the time, too. He won't have teenage-level hormones like me, but if he's not trying to set you a good example -- especially if he's getting laid -- he'll act human."

"You reckon?"

"Trust me. Been there myself, fifty years ago."

"You've got kids, have you?"

"They're old enough to be your grandparents, now."

"Fuck." She laughed nervously. "But you didn't try to set me an example," she pointed out.

"Not my job. I just wanted to get laid."

"Actually, you weren't too bad at that. Really."

"Thanks," he said. "I do try."

By some kind of unspoken mutual agreement, they both moved to lie side by side on the bed as they talked. He looked frankly up and down her body, and shook his head. "Amazing what they can do these days," he said.

"You can talk!"

He laughed. "True." He twisted and leaned forward to kiss one of her nipples. She looked momentarily startled, but didn't stop him. After a moment, though, he paused. "Sorry," he said. "Being Restarted makes me as bad as any boy your age."

"S'Okay," she said with a shrug. "I like boys."

He laughed. "I prefer girls," he said.

"Tried boys, have you?"

"Just the once."

She rolled onto her side and looked at him, startled. He shrugged at her. "What, is that so weird? New life, try everything once this time round."

"Fuck," she muttered, and put one hand flat on his chest. "Aren't you old enough to think that's illegal or something?"

He smiled. "You know your history. But these days..." he shrugged. "I'm not really that old person any more. Because I don't want to be."

She didn't move her hand. "I know how that works. You've got to be who you want to be, right?"

He smiled. "Quite. Oh god, I am turning into a teenager, aren't I?"

She shrugged.

"By the way," he added, "did you know that your boobs move nicely when you shrug?"

She flashed her fangs at him. "You trying to be annoying?" she asked.

"Not especially. But we've both had what we wanted, so I thought I'd just try being honest."

"Anyone ever tell you that wasn't the way to get what you wanted twice?"

"That'd have to be three times," he muttered, but he also frowned. "I guess that I didn't think that was very likely," he said.

"Dunno why not. You're looking quite hopeful."

He glanced down at his cock, which was indeed becoming engorged once again. "Just because I want something, doesn't mean I think I must have got a chance of getting it," he said.
