 Author's Note: This story takes a bit before it gets to the sex. If you're looking for instant gratification, look elsewhere. Big thanks to VeeBird for taking the time to help me out with editing. As always, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy the story.

Spoiler Tags: Reincarnation, Harem, Magic, Soul Mates, Kitsune, Monster Girl, Transformation, First Time, Shyness, Submission, Orc, Adventure

Prologue

The explosion tore apart my unit, shaking the sky with the force of the shockwave. Shielded by my lieutenant, I only felt a fraction of the blast, and even that was enough to rattle my brain. My muscles shook as I pulled myself out of the dirt. The shaking was not from exhaustion, although I had trouble standing minutes before. I was trembling from an explosive mixture of rage, despair, and resignation. My sadness was not for my comrades, recently released from their duty. No, my tears mingled into the sweat and blood on my face for the void that they had left within me upon their passing. Suddenly, I felt no weariness, fear, sadness, or emptiness. All I was left with was an inferno twisting inside my chest. It fueled my muscles, and I was in turn fueled by the frantic beating of my heart that was trying to escape from the cage of my chest. I felt as if I would explode from the intensity of the blood raging through my body.

I started channeling my mana, my body acting on well honed instinct. The voice inside my head that pleaded for caution burned away, fuel to the fire in my chest, roasted in the pyre of my need for vengeance.

They would pay for this, I am no longer weak, no longer will I let others dictate my life.

I would etch my worth into the center of the forces that opposed and stole them from me. Pulling off my helmet, I knelt to the earth and drew up what remained of my power from the dregs of my soul.

This would be the last spell I would ever cast. The energy necessary to sustain my life sacrificed to its completion.

My life for a chance at vengeance... I accept. Not like I had other options anyway.

A silver energy like a vaporous liquid mercury pooled in my hand as I started to fashion the essence of my soul into a weapon of malice. There would be a grace period before reality would catch up to claim its debt, and I would use this time to complete my final mission for my squad. The silver energy coruscated as it spun in a double helix in both directions until it was a rod nearly five feet in length. The light gathered at top point of the rod and pulsed briefly blinding in its brilliance. Instinct directed my arm to dip the haft into a pool of blood oozing out of my late lieutenants lower half. When I raised the spear the liquid had coalesced into a winged spear tip. The tip gained bright crimson along the wings before darkening into a sinister obsidian point. That point seemed to slice the fabric of the air as it drifted, following my trembling arm, leaving a echo of black streak in its passing.

The tip was an embodiment my comrades rage and hunger for vengeance. Its core consisted of a piece of my soul into which I poured the remainder of my mana. The central shaft let out pulses of brilliance through whorled patterns engraved on its burnished silver haft as the spell was completed. This artifact of immeasurable strength would be the pride of mastercraftsman mages ten times my strength, too bad it only cost one's life to achieve it. Taking a deep breath, I looked up from the spear, eyes scanning my surroundings. Looking for targets.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~