 Spoiler Tags: Reincarnation, Harem, Magic, Soul Mates, Kitsune, Monster Girl, Transformation, Orc, Adventure, Dragoness, Anal 

***** 

Sunshine spilled across my face as I opened my eyes. I was sprawled across a dirt path that led to the front door to a small cabin like house, confused on how I'd gotten here, the last thing I remembered was Olivia busting through the door of the makeshift prison. 

I recall pain and cold. Then a light. Then... nothing. 

Sitting up, I examined my surroundings. Golden wheat waved in a great sea of undulating motion as far as I could see. The entire scene was oddly familiar and had an ethereal quality to it. The sun reflected a little too brightly on the top of the wheat and I heard the ghost of a child's giggle over the roar of the wind. 

Surprise propelled me to my feet as I recognized the scene. 

"This is from Gladiator. I've died and Ridley Scott got it right." 

"You're half right," said a voice that emerged from the house behind me. "I borrowed the scene from your mind to use as a placeholder while we had a little chat. If you prefer, I could shift it to the great emptiness you usually use when visualizing your thoughts?" A silhouette was outlined in the doorway, becoming the grinning figure of a man. I stared at him for a second before recognition settled in. 

Lieutenant... 

But I couldn't explain how I knew this. 

"Is that a knock at my intelligence? I should discipline you for that," I shot back, immediately at ease with the man in spite of the surreal situation. 

"It's good to see you again sir." The man saluted sharply, showing a cocksure grin that ran counterpoint to his rigid pose. He wore a dark purple tunic with cocoa colored pants tucked securely into russet colored boots that laced up to mid-shin height. 

"Dapper as always lieutenant. At ease," I replied automatically, walking forward to embrace the immaculately dressed man. We grasped each other tightly. Two strong thumps into the others back before releasing. "Let's sit and you can explain to me how I know you, without actually knowing you." 

"That's kind of a complicated story..." the lieutenant started as he strolled toward a stone bench set off to the side of the path. 

"Wait a second... I watched you die. Then I killed people. A lot of people. Then I died. That wasn't a dream... Was it?" 

The lieutenant froze slightly before giving me a sly look. 

"That'll make things a little easier to explain. You were Captain Julius Forzaire. The head mage of the 54th regiment of the Protectorate. Tasked with defending the roadways to the capital from invaders. Your command was destroyed in an ambush and with my help you were able to defeat the attacking force before succumbing to your wounds. Do you remember the formation of the spear?" 

I nodded, recalling the glittering spear with the red tip. 

"When you initiated the creation of the spear you used the lieutenant's blood to create a matrix that you filled with power to form a potent artifact. Somehow a part of my consciousness was transferred along with the blood creating the semi-sentient weapon you see before you. I possess the late lieutenant's memory but I am not him. I dwell in the spear that was in the possession of the kitsune Tara Holo for the last one hundred and forty three years post your most holiness's demise," the man ribbed me. 

"Time out, how and what do you know about Tara?" 

"I met Tara a long long time ago. In a galaxy not so far away, at my formation in fact. She picked me up after you... passed on. As I said, she took me and cared for me after your death. Since I'm currently in you're grasp I figure she managed to find you and." He bounced his eyebrows. "Do the deed. She has been looking forward to that for quite a long time you know." He tossed me a lascivious grin. "As for the whole 'you remember me thing'. You've heard of reincarnation, right?" 

I nodded my assent. 

"It's a rare occurrence, but does happen on occasion. As far as I understand it reincarnation begins when a soul is somehow anchored to the earthly plane, by whatever mechanism. Upon death the soul instinctively attempts flee the plane, if the tether is strong enough, the soul then snaps back to the earthly plane to take up residence in a new body. If the bond breaks on the return then the spirit wanders around lost showing up as a translucent recording in the mortal world." 

"You're talking about ghosts, right?" 

"Yep. It's dreadful to even contemplate such a horrible existence." He shuddered at the thought. 

"So what happens now?" 

"Pretty soon you'll have to wake up, but we still have some things to discuss before then. Let's get started. What's the last thing you remember?" the lieutenant asked. 

"I remember seeing a pale version of vampire...vampiress... Olivia appear and then blinding agony and darkness." I shuddered in the memory of the cold. Grasped my neck, I reflexively felt for wounds. "Why don't I feel any pain?" 

"We are currently talking in a mental construct of your mind remember. The reason we're even talking right now is Tara gave me to you in order to try to fill the void in your soul." 

I gave him a blank look. "I maybe, maybe, understood three out of every four of those words. But I definitely, didn't get how they were put together to form a coherent sentence." 

He rubbed the space between his eyes. 

"Hey, if we're in my head, I doubt you're capable of getting a headache," I complained. 

"That's never stopped you before Captain. When you created me, you imparted a piece of your soul. When you reincarnated, your soul wasn't able to come back in totality because it was no longer complete. A hole existed in the fabric of your being. Tara hypothesized that when you came in contact with me, the spear, that hole would be filled and some of the problems you were facing due to 'vampire' Olivia would be fixed as well. She was right. But there were additional complications as well. Things didn't quite work out exactly as she had hoped." The lieutenant shot me an apologetic look. 

"See, nature abhors vacuums in all their forms so while you had a piece of energy missing, stuff kept trying to fill that void. When they didn't match your personal energy signature your natural spirit compressed the foreign energy into as tiny a ball as possible. Eventually all the additional energy reached a sort of equilibrium inside your body, absorbing any foreign energy that came in contact with your spirit." 

"Wait...that sounds suspiciously like..." I said slowly, getting an inkling of where he was going with this. 

"A black hole? Yes. You had the equivalent of a metaphysical black hole inside of you. This was relatively fine. Until the original piece of soul was reintroduced to your body. The vacuum ceased to exist and all that extra energy had to go somewhere." 

"Energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be transferred and converted, the equations always have to balance. First law of thermodynamics. What happened to me? You're leading up to something. Please just spit it out," I stated calmly, looking the lieutenant in the eye. 

His hands trembled slightly betraying his nervousness as he clasped them in his lap. "The body you return to will not be the one you left. We're in uncharted waters here captain." 

"Damn." I sighed with dread and looked up at the sky. An endless expanse of twinkling stars greeted his sight. Uncluttered by light pollution, the multitude of twinkling stars seemed to mock the significance of my problems with their magnitude. 

"How bad is it?" 

"Not bad... just different." 

"Missing limbs, scarring, give me specifics man?" 

"That's not it. You weren't injured by the energy, it just... changed you. You're not...entirely... human anymore," the lieutenant finished awkwardly. "In fact, I'm not sure what you are. I think at the end of the day you'll be chameleon-esque. With a more mutable nature than you're used to. In fact, I think some of your mentality was influenced after the bond was formed, the bond with Tara upsetting the balance you'd inherently developed. Your actions with Opal weren't necessarily you were they." 

Pausing, I took a moment to collect myself, ignoring the idea that my mentality wasn't my own, before asking my most pressing question. "Am I at least humanoid?" The horror of existing in the body a malformed monstrosity with too many limbs and eyes, made my blood run cold. 

"Yes." 

Oh good. 

I blew out a big breath. My biggest worry mollified. "Extra appendages?" 

"A couple. How do you feel about wings?" 

"Always thought flying would be cool. Could be fun as long as they're functional. They aren't some pansy show wings are they?" I shuddered in mock disgust, hiding my fear in humor. "I'm assuming there's more..." 

"A tail." 

"How long?" 

"Five feet." 

"Ughh. That'll be a pain in the ass. Ha. Get it..." I trailed off, letting the sad joke go. "Is it prehensile?" 

"Looks to be. It's also quite soft and bushy. You'll be taller too," he continued. 

"Like a giant?" 

"You'll top out at six three or so." 

"I'll finally be able to dominate my father in basketball. What else you got for me? I'm on a roll." I hid my growing horror behind a thin veneer of bravado. 

"You have paws instead of feet." 

"Claws or no claws? And do I still have have hands or are those paws as well?" 

"Claws and hands. Your eyes." 

"Reptilian?" 

"Black...more of an obsidian really, but that's just nuance...also, yes reptilian. It's kinda cool though you appear to have two sets of eyelids one of which allows you to visualize auras." 

"I had a taste of that earlier. I think. It was pretty cool." I recalled the swirling colors I'd seen after I'd touched Opal. 

"One last thing. You have scales." 

"Big, abrasive ones?" I asked, wincing at the thought. 

That'll be hell on upholstery. 

"Overlapping microscales. Incredibly resilient, yet smooth to the touch. Great against impacts but poor against directional slashes. It'll take your orc a lot more effort to beat the bloody pulp out of you now. The scales are on your torso, upper arms and thighs. Elsewise you're still the pale shy nerd you've always been, more or less. From what I can tell of the soup your matrix has melted into, none of this is permanent. Subject to shifting based on how close you get to the people around you." 

"Are you sure?" The fear I felt caused my voice to hitch. "Will I still be me? I sound like a monster." Tears leaked slowly from the corner of my eyes, landing on white knuckled hands that trembled in my lap. "How can I live like that? I can't go to the store or see a movie. Life as I knew it is effectively over." I chuckled, short desperate gasps that escaped my mouth on the verge of panic. "See. I already sound like a teenage girl. Man I hope I wake up and this is some terrible nightmare." 

"It'll be okay man. You have people who'll help you through this." The lieutenant laid his arm over my shoulder, attempting to provide some reassurance. 

"Sure they will. Who wants to be around a freak. Shit! How do I face my family like this? I won't be two feet in the door before they'll be reaching for a baseball bat and calling the cops." Tears welled in my eyes as I confronted the hopelessness of the situation. 

"We're out of time here. Look, I'm not gonna be able to convince you now but just try to remain calm when you wake up. It won't be as bad as you think. You'll be able to get through this. You're not alone anymore. You can trust Tara. She's crazy, but in a good way, and she loves you. Just try to remember that and you'll do alright." 

The sound of rushing wind rapidly grew louder as a wind tunnel of wheat assaulted my face, slapping with tiny bullets of grain. The constant pinpricks of the flying kernels forced me to close my eyes and cover my face with my arms. Noise and impacts grew to a fever pitch as a white light shone behind my eyelids. Then I was sliding downward, stretching impossibly long as I did. Darkness replaced white light as I took a breath deep into my lungs. 

Keeping my eyes closed, I examined the environment with my other senses, while also trying to get a grasp on his new body. 

Nothing feels all that stran... 

A muscle in my lower back spasmed interrupting my thoughts. A muffled thump sounded as my fluffy tail slapped against the side of the bed. 

Okay, so there's the tail. 

I could feel the chill air on my skin that ran out from underneath the comforting weight of the thick blanket on my back. 

Nope, not a blanket. 

A protrusion just inside of my shoulder blades shifted, and the entire blanket pulled and I could feel sensations along its entire length. Acting on instinct, I tensed the thick muscles lying overtop of my trapezius muscles. My wings snapped out reaching almost twice my height to either side of my body. 

Damn. My wingspan is huge, and so is this room. Where am I, anyway? 

As I relaxed my back muscles, the wings folded into a surprising small space against my back, creating an almost a flat plane the stretched from my shoulders to the base of my tail. Cracking open my eyes, I expected blinding light. Insead a mellow light filtered in through opaque shades in one of the biggest room I had ever seen. 

Propped myself up on my elbow, I looked out over the foot of the bed. My nostrils flared and I could taste the scent of everything in the room. There was the scent of dust, fabric, oiled wood, dried sweat, tears; overpowering them all was the scent of woodsmoke and citrus. The smell was surprisingly comforting and centered on a bedraggled female, rising quietly from a coach across the room. She had small fox ears that pointed straight up off of her head. Beautiful golden brown locks frizzed out to the side, her bedhead catching the light streaming through the shades, igniting half her head in a golden halo. Her bushy tail was grasped loosely in her hands as she took two quick steps towards me before stopping. 

"Remember, trust Tara," a voice provided in my head. 

Okay. That wasn't weird at all. 

Tara's ears drooped from their upright position as I met her fearful golden eyes. 

Damn. 

The rejection tore at my insides like a rusty knife to the gut. 

Time to go into hiding. Maybe the black hills are accepting new applicants for urban legends. It could be fun to scare some tourists. Pull a few pranks and he could have a whole new schtick to go along with bigfoot and nessie. Come see the lizard man of the black hills, warning a sighting might induce nightmares in your children... 

"Idiot. She's scared you're going to blame her for your current situation. Go to her." The lieutenants voice supplied with a mocking chuckle. 

I pulled my legs out from under the covers, swinging them over the side of the bed to get the first glimpse at my paws. They were a light burnt orange color with fine hairs from mid shin down the the ankle and matched what I saw on the fox girl in front of me. The ankle was positioned much higher, and attached to a lengthened arch. The foot itself was the brilliant white of a siamese cat but again with finer hair. Curling my stubbier, fatter toes, I watched as black curved talons arched out gleaming in the sunlight. I relaxed my toes and the claws retreated effortlessly. I leaned forward and gingerly landed on the balls of my feet, which were now both larger and wider than before. They balanced effortlessly with my heel held a couple of inches of the ground in with my new foot shape. Standing up straight, I paused for a second taking stock of the situation. 

Claws in? Check. Tail? Seem's the lieutenant was not a fever dream after all. 

I turned my torso and saw the fluffy appendage jutting out, angling away from my lower back with a gentle curl; it was covered in the fine tawny fur, possessing the fluffiness the lieutenant had talked about. It gently swayed, seemingly shifting automatically to optimally maintain my balance. 

Doing it's thing. Wings? Tucked away. All systems green, begin motion assessment. 

I took a hesitant step forward. 

Mission success, I thought to myself with a grin. I felt good, strong and powerful, my muscles prepped and ready for action. Turning to look over at Tara, I noticed a distinct change in perspective. 

I'm tall. 

Where I'd once stood at equal height with the beautiful woman, now I had a couple of inches over her. My grin faded as I noticed the tears dripping from her eyes. Her face was pointed at the floor, still in the same position, seemingly a frozen statue. Moving over to her, I pulled her into a hug, her arms folded between us, resting delicately on my chest. 

Recalling the lieutenant's words, I tried to assuage some of her fears. "Oh, honey. I don't blame you for this. You did everything you could to save me." Evidently I'd chosen my words poorly; what was once a trickle became a flood. 

Great gasping sobs filled the air as her arms unfolded and reached around behind me, holding me tight, squeezing painlessly against my wings. I waited patiently as the sobs quieted, reminding me of an earlier time when I had comforted my sister in a similar manner. It was over a breakup or some such teenage traumatic event. Tears formed in my eyes but refused to fall as I blinked away the melancholy memory brought with it. 

I miss my family. It has been too long since I've seen them. 

I gently pried her away from my chest, looking into her eyes. "This might not be what you want to hear right now but I need to know where we stand. I like you, but do you even want to be with me now that I look like this?" I gestured at the inhuman parts of me. 

For a second her mouth hung open in shock. Then she launched her face at mine like a rocket, devouring my lips with hungry need. A golden fire of passion rolled through my mind as I felt her distilled need bubble through bond. Similar in feeling to the one I'd felt from Opal, but magnitudes stronger. The lines between them blurred as I tasted her, reciprocating passionately. We separated reluctantly, both unfortunately requiring air to breath. "I guess that answers that question," I said breathlessly. 

A small grin floated across her face. "You are mine. Forever. Don't ever forget that." She gave me a faux glare, punctuating each with a poke to my white scaled chest before embracing me tightly again. "I would also appreciate it if you didn't try to leave me. I love you and hate seeing you injured." 

"Well, I appreciate it when someone sticks around for the awkward morning after conversation," I said giving her a faux glare right back. 

"Regular occurrence is it?" she said teasingly. 

"Not really," I said, going quiet. I flushed a little red. "You were the first as you know. The first of everything." 

"The first first?" she asked incredulously. 

I nodded growing redder. 

"Well you could've fooled me," she said, in what I suspected was a lie. 

Doesn't mean I don't appreciate the effort. 

She ruminated over that idea before speaking again. "That actually makes me feel special." She touched her raw kissed lips with wonder. 

"You are special. I feel safe around you. You make me feel all warm inside. I barely know you yet life would be feel empty without you. I love you." 

Damn I'm gushing. Stop pouring all your insecurities on a woman you just met. 

... 

And had sex with. 

... 

This may take a bit to process and navigate. I'm sailing in some uncharted waters here. 
