 Buckling my diamond encrusted black leather collar I studied myself in the mirror with a critical eye the girl staring back at me wasn't the everyday Keira, but the working one. The Black leather corset made my tiny waist look even more delicate and pushed my breasts up to heights it could barely contain; if I moved wrong I would expose my nipples. The tiny black leather thong was certainly not made for comfort, but I probably wouldn't be in it long anyways. Black thigh high fishnets encased my slender legs ending in black stilettos that made my legs look longer then my reasonably short stature should have allowed. My black hair was swept up in a romantic style that warred with the vivid blue streaks that ran through my hair. I had enhanced my skins natural paleness so my dark rimmed eyes and blood red lips stood out in sharp contrast. My eye color had been changed from their natural gray/green to a startling blue through the miracle of contacts and the final flourish was a small pair of sharpened teeth I had attached to my own incisors.

My client had desired a romantic, gothic vampire. After one last appraisal in the mirror I didn't think they would be disappointed. Grabbing a black leather bag from the closet I threw in the items I would need for the evening. A pack of condoms, a bottle of lube, a blindfold, a handful of black strips of silk for the light bondage they had requested and as always a bottle of mace better to be safe then sorry. As an after thought I threw in a vibrating dildo and a small riding crop, just in case. 

Switching off the radio on my nightstand I leaned over the bed to brush a quick kiss on Rory my little black pugs head. "Nice to see you care that I'm leaving. You could at least wake up and kiss me back." Shaking my head at what I had become, a recluse that lived alone with my silly little dog. Leaving the house only to fulfill other people's fantasies. "Oh well" I sighed, it was beyond my control; I just had to manage the best I could. 

"Alright Rory no wild parties while I am gone. I will leave the TV on so you have company, as always it will be late so don't wait up." Giving him one last kiss I was rewarded by his tail thumping against the comforter in response. Grabbing my bag I walked out the door into the night and the life that had been chosen for me.

*---------------*

Stepping out of the classy black limo as it pulled up to the Drake's entrance I certainly couldn't fault the firms flair for setting a scene. They worked with nothing but high class, which seemed an oxymoron in their chosen line of business. I was their top asset and was given nothing but their top of the line clientele. Keeping my cape pulled tight around me so as not to expose myself to an unsuspecting public I made my way into the gorgeously extravagant lobby. Nodding politely at the hospitality staff I was careful not to make eye contact. I just needed to focus on getting to the presidential suit as quickly as possible without encountering anyone long enough for them to make a connection.

Standing outside the door I took a quick breath to steady myself. My emotions as always were dueling, part of me loved all the kinky fucking that was required by my job, but my mind constantly reminded me that it wasn't what I really wanted. Tapping twice on the door as I had been instructed I dropped the key card I had been handed in the limo into the slot and when the familiar click sounded I let myself in.

The sounds of evanescence reached my ears first, their blend of Goth/rock with Amy Lee's haunting voice made them my current favorite band. As I made my way into the room I noticed someone had really set the mood. Candles flickered from every available surface and blood red roses were crammed in vases between the candles. 

The only thing missing from the room was my client. Plucking one of the roses from a vase I set my bag down by the bed. Noticing a strip of light coming from under the bathroom door I knocked lightly. "Hello? The agency told me you were expecting me. I just wanted to let you know I was here. I will be waiting out in the room for you." Turning to go I heard a quiet muffled voice. "Sorry babe you are going to have to talk louder I didn't hear you."

"You might as well go. I thought I could, but I just can't."

"What is it you can't do love?" Lowering my voice to a purr I decided it was going to take some coaxing to get the timid woman in the bathroom to come out. It was obviously going to be a long night. The agencies motto was every customer satisfied, so as much as I would have liked I couldn't just leave my client huddling in the bathroom. If I was as good as I thought the girl would be blooming like one of her roses by the end of our time together.

"I can't you know...have sex with a woman. I was curious, but now I know I can't go through with it."

"Come on now Princess there is no reason to be nervous. We won't do anything you don't want to do. If all you want to do is talk about evanescence during our time together that is just fine."

"You know who evanescence is?"

"Of course I love them. I bet we have more in common then you think. I am as fascinated by vampires as you obviously are. Speaking of which, if you come out for nothing more then to see your own personal vampire waiting for you it would be well worth it I assure you."

"Do you think it is cheating on my husband if you are a woman?"

"Princess you are talking to the wrong girl if you want to discuss morals." A small laugh from behind the door encouraged me that I was making progress.

"Why do you keep calling me princess?"

"Your voice is soft and sweet, just as I imagine a princess's would be. Does it bother you?"

"No. I just thought it was kind of nice."

Making a mental note that princess was a preferred pet name by the tone of the girl's voice I was confident that our evening would become more eventful very soon. 

The door handle turned slightly. At last I could get on with the night and maybe make it to bed before dawn. Preparing myself for the rush as the door swung open I met my client's eyes. All of the girl's hidden fantasies and desires came flooding through me, becoming my own desires. The rest of the night I would be living out yet another person's fantasies. What I wouldn't give to be able to indulge my own carnal fantasies. 

The girl before me was lucky if she was pushing legal drinking age. She was gorgeous with her waist length hair pale as moonlight. Her body was petite but sexy as hell. Personally I prefer men, but I recognize a beautiful female when I see one and can admit they are sometimes very good lovers. The one standing in front of me was clad only in blood red panties and push up bra, not that her perky young breasts required the extra assistance. 

"You are gorgeous." The girl finally ventured after an intense few minutes of us appraising one another.

"Thank you. You are a lovely creature as well." Skimming the velvet soft petals of the rose over the curve of the girl's breast I was pleased by the audible catch in her breathing. "What would you like me to call you princess?" Trailing the petals down the girl's flat stomach I traced the top of her panties and was rewarded with a small moan.

"You can call me princess. I like it."

"Alright then princess shall we talk evanescence all night or shall we do what you wanted me to come here for. I know what you desire, what makes you wet when you think about it. You play the scenario over and over in your mind while your husband is fucking you. He is a very stupid man pleasuring only himself with no thought to your needs. Tonight princess I shall see to your pleasure if you desire it."

"How do you know all that?"

"Because princess it is my job to know. And my job tonight is to give you your every fantasy tell me you want it. I want to see your sexy body naked, to feel your smooth skin beneath my fingers and taste it with my lips. I need to feed on your sweet pussy, to make you sing with my fingers. I have an appetite only you can fill. Flashing my vampire fangs in a seductive smile I knew princess was one hundred percent mine. It might have given me some satisfaction if I was actually the one in control. The girl was all but a quivering mess of need now, sadly so was I. Removing my cape I needed to get down to business the drive to fulfill the girl's fantasies was taking over.

Stepping forward I put a hand under the girl's chin and pulled her luscious mouth towards mine. Giving her a soft kiss I enjoyed the velvety texture of princess's lips and the subtle strawberry flavor that lingered on them. Swallowing a moan from those sweet lips I took princess's hand and guided it down to the laces of my corset. "Undo my laces and see what gifts I have underneath for you my precious. Tell me does your fantasy match up to reality, I asked gliding my hands down my curves while licking my fangs."

"Its much better so far. You are the sexiest woman I have ever seen. The only thing that scares me now is that I will never be able to go back to mediocre sex with my husband."

"I need you to trust that whatever I do to tonight is for your pleasure and I want you to have no hesitation doing to me whatever comes into that pretty little head of yours. Now that we have that cleared, I think we should put good use to our time together. Moving closer I put my lips against princess's ear and whispered, "Let me fuck you the way you deserve to be fucked." The shiver that swept through princess's body told me she was ready. Thank god because I was burning up with the need to fulfill her desires. Taking her hand I led her to the bed and pushed her back gently. Motioning for her to stay where she was, I began to slowly unlace my corset. Moving my body to the heavy rhythm of the music I finished unlacing my corset and let it fall to the floor. Moving my hands to my breasts I began to stroke my nipples while keeping my body moving to the music. Princess was trembling and showing signs of wanting to join in. "Do you like that baby doll?" Sliding my black polished nails down my stomach I slipped my fingers down the top of my thong and began to stroke myself. " Are you getting wet thinking of me coming over there and sucking one of your succulent nipples into my mouth? Or are you imagining me stroking your clit and making you scream out because you can't hold the pleasure inside?"

"Yes! Yes to all of it. I want you to come over here and show me how it really is to fuck."

Good she was getting frantic. She was ready to move on from the tame to the naughty things she desired. I let my piecing blue gaze hold princess's eyes long enough to cause a flush to creep over her cheeks. Making my way smoothly to the bed I knelt at the edge and grabbed princess's feet and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Bending my head down I stroked my tongue from just under her sexy red bra to the top of her matching panties. Tugging at the waistband with my teeth, I took over with my hands and began to slide them down her hips. As I slid them down I took a nip at the tender flesh of her inner thighs. "You are so sweet princess. I am going to show you how to bloom like a rose.

Tossing the flimsy red panties to the side I picked up the rose I had dropped on the floor. Running the petals up Princess's leg I allowed the petals to drift over her newly bared pussy. Noting with satisfaction that Princess was a believer in keeping her sweet pussy free from hair, I thought tonight may come close to being satisfying. Putting the rose to my nose I inhaled. "You are already wet for me." Placing my hand where the rose had been I felt the heat pulsing. Pushing a finger inside her folds I felt Princess arch. "That's it baby just enjoy it." Pulling my finger from her hot wet pussy I brought it to my lips and licked it like a delectable treat. Closing my eyes as I savored the flavor I sent Princess a smile, "delicious. Would you like some?" Without waiting for a reply I brought my finger to Princess's lips and was pleased when those lips closed over my finger drawing it into her warmth. 

"Remove your bra and lay down on the bed now Princess and let me show you what you deserve. If you are a good student I will let you practice your new skills on me." Princess obediently lay down on the bed looking like the virgin offering in a ritual. Reaching down I unzipped my bag and drew out the silk bindings. I tied Princess's wrists to the bedpost gently, but tight enough to ensure she couldn't slip them. Spreading her legs wide enough so I could settle between them I picked up the rose again. Leaning over Princess I ran the soft petals over soft skin, then without warning I turned the rose and ran a thorn along the top of her right breast. 

"Ouch! What did you do that for?"

"Shhhh, didn't I tell you to trust me princess? Tracing my tongue on the thread of blood that had bloomed in the wake of the thorn I removed the sting of the hurt and saw the desire it planted in Princess's eyes. Tossing the rose to the side I slid my tongue around one nipple already taut with desire. Sucking it into my mouth I allowed my fangs to graze the areolas while I worked the nipple with my tongue. Princess writhed beneath me, things were certainly progressing, but I had much more in store for my shy little bud. Without breaking my concentration on those perky breasts I slid two fingers into Princess's tight weeping pussy and began to stroke in time with my sucking. Moans began to fill the room and it was taking everything in me not to join along. Princess began to quiver in anticipation of climax. "Wait my pet, you don't want to come yet. It would feel amazing if you did, but I can make it feel like an epiphany, you want that don't you? 

"God yes, I want you to make me come as if it was my first time."

"Good I need you to hold out as long as you can." I lowered herself between princess's thighs. Blowing on her pussy I felt her whole body quiver, I quivered as well. Pulling Princess's legs over my shoulders I kissed the spot where her firm ass met her thighs and then nipped not so gently with my fangs, they really were a fun accessory I would keep them in mind for future trysts. Running my tongue along her ass crease I stopped fooling around and plunged my tongue into princess's pussy and sucked hard. Princess almost came off the bed.

"Holy shit!"

Yes I was definitely making an impression. I began to stroke Princess's throbbing clit with my tongue alternating between slow and fast to keep her on the edge.

"What is the hard thing I feel with your tongue?"

"A tongue ring. Trust me you will enjoy it." Sticking out my tongue I showed her my sparkly metal accessory. It was vital in eating pussy nothing could make a clit throb like the feel of smooth metal surrounded by the velvet heat of a tongue. Going back to my task I gave her clit a good thwack with my barbell and was pleased at the way her body shuddered in response.

Pushing my finger into Princess's pussy I aided my mouth just long enough to get my finger good and lubricated. Pulling my finger out I used the lubricated digit to stroke Princess's tight ass. Princess instantly tensed up when I first touched her sexy little ass, but her unease soon turned to moans of pleasure. Obviously she hadn't experienced the pleasures of anal sex yet. It must be why it was such a prominent fantasy she held. Probing gently I inserted my finger only when I was sure it wouldn't hurt. Princess let out a strangled cry of ecstasy. Another convert I thought, most females assumed it hurt and wasn't pleasurable, I pitied the poor souls that felt that way. Pushing my finger in further I felt the shudder in response; my own ass ached to be taken. 

Without removing my mouth or breaking my rhythm I reached into my bag of tricks and brought out the dildo, I was so talented I kept fucking Princess's hot cunt with my tongue while rolling a condom on the toy, I was really glad I had thought to bring it. Sucking Princess's clit almost violently I inserted the dildo into her pussy and felt princess buck beneath me. I twisted it and rocked it back and forth. Pulling it out I heard Princess whimper in protest. A smile curved my lips, as I knew what I planned to do with it next. It was a thick dildo, thicker then most cocks, but I was sure my little princess could take it, I only hoped she would return the favor. Still sucking greedily at Princess's clit I slowly eased the dildo into Princess's tight ass. I wasn't sure if the strangled scream was from pain or not pausing I lifted my head and all I saw was pure ecstasy etched across that beautiful face.

"Fuck, don't stop."

"Obviously she really meant it because she began to ride the fake cock trying to push it further up her ass. A girl after my own heart, rewarding her I pushed it the rest of the way in hard and fast. I heard another scream and knew this time that it was from pleasure I flipped the switch so the cock started to vibrate. The scream turned to desperate moans of pleasure, I couldn't ask princess to hold out much longer. 

"Princess do you like my tongue fucking your sweet pussy?"

"Jesus Christ yes! I never want you to stop."

"Good. Now tell me you like the feel of a big cock up your ass. Tell me you want to ride it like a little whore."

"I love the feel of a big cock up my ass and I want you to make me ride it like a dirty little whore."

"Very good, you have my permission to cum when you feel as if you can't hold out a moment longer and not until then. I will know if you came too early so don't try me or I will have to take my riding crop to that perky little ass of yours. Are we understood?" God I wished those assertive words were mine, not just the result of some lusty little girl's fantasy. Princess had apparently lost the use of words she just nodded franticly while pleading, "please fuck me" with her eyes. Needing to oblige her I returned to my task of sucking that plump little clit while rocking the vibrating cock not so gently in and out of her tight ass. The moans of pleasure grew louder and more frantic and I could taste the flow of cream that was the prelude to a mind-blowing orgasm. Princess would have twisted herself off the bed if she wasn't tied down as the orgasm hit her hard. It was all I could do to stay with her and help her ride it out.

When Princess had milked the orgasm for every ounce of pleasure she could, I pulled my mouth away and slowly removed the dildo. Princess was just lying there not moving. Discarding the toy into my bag I sat next to princess and stroked the hair out of her eyes. "Are you ok Princess?"

"That was fucking incredible. I had no idea it could be like that."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." Still stroking strands of Princess's silky hair between my fingers I placed a soft kiss on the spent girl's forehead. Even though I knew she wasn't through with me yet I said, "I think you should take a bath and get some rest princess, order some sinful room service. I will just untie you and head out." I started untying Princess's wrists.

"Wait."

"What is it princess? You want me to leave you tied up? Or is it possible you have the stamina for another round?"

"You said if I was a good student I would be allowed to practice on you. Wasn't I a good student?"

"You get an A+ my Princess. You are welcome to put your new found skills to use on my willing body." 

"I want you to put your top and cape back on. I want to pretend I am deflowering my own sweet vampire."

Twitching an eyebrow I plucked my corset and cape off the floor.

"I will be in the bathroom for five minutes and when I come out I expect you to be ready."