 Under her cloak, Monica was almost naked. Despite the nighttime chill in the air, she wasn't cold, she was anxious. She had come here, to "their" spot, as she had every ten years for the last 600 years.

Monica had been blessed by all of the forces that controlled the world, to live, die and be reborn anew. Monica also remembered every second of her former lives, every shred of every existence she had ever known. It was both a blessing and a curse, for Monica remembered all of those she had loved and lost. Monica also remembered all the hates, the angers, those who had caused her pain.

Monica remembered Salem, remembered those who had sought to destroy her. All of them were fools, a soul was eternal, a loving soul, more so. She had been given good looks, a good heart, a willingness to help others. Such a fire could not be extinguished, as she drew her last breath, the voices came to her and relayed this message to her. That, and many other universal truths.

Hers was a loving and giving soul, chosen to be reborn, again and again, to do great good in the world. To help others, to share love and passion and bless those who shared her love.

This incarnation, however, was different.

"Monica" had been Marcus then, this incarnation was his first as a female. Her passions were different, Monica loved the feeling of a man making love to her, fucking her with passion, caressing her with tenderness. She continued to love women as well, every caress of a woman's knowing hands on her skin made her come alive.

Brushing a long, ash-blonde lock from her forehead, she hoped that her beloved Cassandra would still love her, even in this new form. Wrapped in Cassandra's loving embrace, feeling Cassandra's skilled tongue lick her most sensitive spots, feeling Cassandra's loving hands manipulate her breasts, her clitoris, fingerfuck her – the yearning for those sensations was overwhelming. She knew that no matter what, despite the rules society laid down, Cassandra would love her in any form.

From their first meeting, Cassandra and Marcus had been deeply in love. She was his pupil, coming from one of the wealthier families. He had been an educated man, yet adept in all aspects of the world. Yet it had been Cassandra who had been the seductress, when their affair was discovered, she had admitted that openly. Cassandra's family accused Marcus of "bewitching" their "innocent" daughter, he was tried and convicted.

As he drew his last breath, Marcus thought of her. She had kissed him, cursing all those who had robbed her of his love. Cassandra had been no dewy-eyed innocent, sexuality had come as naturally to her as breathing. As she and Marcus fucked under the stars, with ribald lusts, they had vowed to be together for all eternity. The cosmos had heard their vow and granted it.

Monica shivered. Where the hell WAS Cassandra? She was horny, her roommate and she had eaten each other's pussies for the last five days, she wanted to be at the peak of her lusts and passions when she met Cass for the first time. It wasn't like Cassandra to be late, not like her at all.

Not all of their incarnations had been easy ones. One time, in the 1940's, Marcus had been born as Mark, an American soldier. Cassandra had been reborn as Mariko, a Japanese noble. They had encountered each other at a Prisoner-of-War camp, recognizing each other immediately.

They had to hide carefully, but Mark caressed his lover's golden skin, kissed her dark-thatched pussy, fucked her and heard her yelps, surprisingly familiar. Her nails still raked his back in the same, passionate response.

After the war's end, they married, raised three children and died happily in the early 1980's. Everyone in their small community had commented on how much in love they had always been. 

They had recognized each other in every incarnation, and when Cassandra's memories returned, Marcus became aware of it. They had first made love under the big oak when it was a mere sapling, now it was a magnificent old tree, with large branches providing lots of shade.

After their first reincarnation, they had agreed to meet under the tree at least once every ten years, that bargain had never been broken. Life had thrown them some curves over the centuries, yet they had remained true to their vows. At times, continents or countries had separated them. Other times, one or both had been married, yet their desire, the commitment their souls had made so long ago, remained strong. 

Monica shuddered, half in anticipation, half from the cold. In her mid-20's, she sensed that Cassandra had become "aware" earlier this year. On this day, she knew Cassandra wouldn't fail her.

She sensed Cass' presence without turning around. She knew that Cassandra was with her now, in their spot, love undiminished throughout time.

"Marcus?"

Monica turned at the sound of her old name and ---

There before her stood a man. Slender, with shoulder-length blonde hair, a muscular, yet lithe, form. Tall, nearly 6' tall, but one thing had not changed, not ever. The sparkle in the eyes, the love and desire, was still there.

The lovers raced into each other's arms, embraced, peppered each other with sweet kisses. It felt right, as it always had, despite the obvious changes.

They pulled apart, the beautiful man said "Marcus?"

Monica answered "It's Monica now."

Cassandra laughed, the laugh rich, but still soft. "I'm Casey now."

Monica ran a slender finger along her lover's well-muscled arms. "You're still beautiful." She giggled. "I guess the fates have a rather warped sense of humor."

Casey joined his beloved in laughing. "Well darling, we have some catching up to do. What have you been up to for the last twenty-five years?"

Monica sighed. "This time around, I was born in Toronto. Moved to the US about 6 years ago to pursue a modelling career. I've done some fashion modelling, nothing fancy, a few lingerie catalogues. A bit of nude modelling. Single, you know me, I rarely form lasting attachments. I've been enjoying lovers of both sexes, why not see what life has to offer?"

Casey smiled, reached out and touched Monica's cheek. "Your skin is so soft. My, I remember that scratchy beard of yours."

Monica smiled. "You're stalling."

Casey grinned. "I never could put anything past you. Okay, was born in California ..."

"You loathe California ... "

"Like you said, warped sense of humor. Okay, born in California. Oldest of three, I have two sisters. My father, this time around, is a doctor, Mom is a psychiatrist. I am a professional Tennis Player and ... " Casey sighed " ... a newlywed. I got married last year."

Monica frowned. In most incarnations, she had kept herself free, so that she and Cassandra could be together as much as possible. This was a wrinkle she didn't like, not one bit. But, as was her wont, she pressed on.

"What's your wife like?"

Casey smiled, despite not wanting to hurt Monica, he obviously cared for his wife. "Sarah? You'd like her, she's a lot like ... well, Cassandra. Tall, blonde, beautiful, with long legs and a smile that lights up the room. Articulate, bright and open-minded."

"How did you meet her?"

"We met at a tennis match. By the way, she clobbered me."

Monica laughed. "Are you still a terrible loser?"

Casey frowned. "Yeah, but she's so good about it, I didn't mind. One thing led to another, we became a couple, started dating, I proposed, we got married. Then, a few months ago, I started having memory flashes. You know how it is."

Monica nodded. This is how it had always been with Cassandra, unlike Marcus who retained almost all his memories, Cass' came back in bits and snippets. His signal was usually when Cassandra's memories began to resurface, Marcus would suffer from a migraine. It was a small price to pay, he supposed.

Monica pressed on. "So, what did Sarah have to say about it when you got most of your memory back?"

"Wellll --- at first, she was skeptical. But my Sarah, she's open-minded, as I said. Then, when I began spouting off things I couldn't possibly know, historical data and the like, well, she had to admit there must be something there."

Monica smiled, a faint smile. "You must love her very much."

Casey nodded in agreement. "I do. She's special. But she's not you. There will NEVER be another you, darling."

For the first time tonight, Monica felt her heart lighten. Casey was right, if they could survive THIS, nothing would tear them apart. Whatever good she had done in her previous lives, she knew she had to continue to give back, for having the blessing of Casey's love. Casey's arms were around her, hugging her tight, not wanting to let her go.

"NOW who has the scratchy beard?" Monica said, rubbing Casey's cheek.

Casey smiled. "Don't distract me, woman. Are you wearing anything underneath that black cloak?"

"Nope, it's all me – well, me and the high heels. I know you used to wear them for me, I figured ... "

"You figured right. Come here."

Casey took Monica's hands, deftly unbuttoning the cloak. For the first time, with fresh eyes, he beheld her in all her glory. She was stunning, tall – although he was taller for the first time – with round, robust curves, beautiful breasts, a stomach flat from working out, legs that tapered into beautiful calves and feet. His love for Sarah was undiminished, but it was nothing compared to the joy he felt at seeing this spectacular creature before him.

Monica began unbuttoning Casey's sportshirt, eager to reveal his naked body. In most of Cassandra's previous incarnations, she'd been beautiful, but this was a new experience. She ached to see this vital, sensual, delicious male, she wanted to feel his cock, his body pressed to hers, to experience the new sensation of making love to the love of her life!

Casey was still beautiful. His frame was tanned, lean, muscles well rippled. He did have the figure of an athlete and the cock – oh lord, he was slender, long and Monica knew that cock belonged in her pussy. "C'mere baby!" she growled, falling to the ground and Casey falling on top of her.

"Impatient little minx, aren't you?" Casey said as he kissed his lover.

"Hmm, now where do you suppose I learned that?" Monica purred as she wrapped her delicate hand around his shaft. She stroked him gently, not believing how good it felt to have her man in her hands, his slender cock twitched ever-so-slightly as she fondled and caressed it.

"Okayyy, this is – amazing!" Casey sighed as his lover took him in her mouth. Casey's head exploded with sensations he'd never before known, Sarah was a wonderful lover, but the years he and Monica had known each other, experienced pleasures few would ever know, reminded Casey of why they were together. In the last few months since many of his memories, he had come to realize why men liked having cocks so much. And peeing standing up wasn't the only reason. It felt wonderful to have your cock sucked, especially by someone who was good at it and whom you treasured.

Monica's head bobbed up and down on Casey's stiff cock, tongue swirling around the crown, then down to the base, then back up again. Glistening with her spit, Casey's shaft was something she was urgent to feel within her depths, fucking her, taking her for the first time, making her body feel bliss as he fucked her hard.

Casey instinctively knew what Monica wanted, he complied readily. Monica lay on her back, legs spread wide as Casey slid his shaft deep within her cunt and began to take her. If felt unusual to be fucked by him, but wonderfully so, her legs locked around his back, her feet drummed on his back as his dick pounded her with savage precision.

"Darling, oh Casey, fuck me, take me, remind me why we love each other!" Monica screamed in pleasure. Hearing his lover, still not quite used to her feminine voice, Casey rammed into her, harder and harder, Monica loving every second of the wild fucking she was receiving.

No matter who they were – Buccaneer and Spanish Contessa, soldier and Asian wife, now female model and male tennis player – their love and passion never changed. As Casey continued fucking her, Monica was determined to make their ten-year reunion as magical as any they had experienced in the past.

Monica growled "Time for a change, lover!" and moved away from Casey, wiggling her seductive rump at him. "I haven't let anyone do me this way Casey, I wanted to find out why you used to like it so much!"

Casey grinned inwardly. If his Monica was anything like he'd been in previous existences, she'd soon find out. His cock was wet with her pussy secretions and slid into her pussy from behind easily, smoothly. She yelped "Oh!" as he did, loving the difference as he began stroking in and out of her pussy once again.

Casey's hands gripped her hips tightly as he began fucking her, doggie-style, the way he had liked when he was Cassandra. He doubted he was Marcus' equal in the fucking department, but from the yelps and squeals Monica was making, he was a quick study. Her body shone in the moonlight, the sweat from the fucking and warm spring evening making her more beautiful than he could ever have thought possible.

"You like this, my fuckable darling?" Casey growled as he continued fucking her.

"Fuck yeahhh, love it baby, give it to me, give me all that fuckin' hard dick!" Monica growled, her nipples stiff as her squeezed her tits while continuing to screw her brains out.

It was very sexy to see Monica's tits bounce and jiggle as he screwed her, to feel the different feeling of screwing her, to see her long hair tossing to and fro as she took all of his shaft. Casey knew this was one memory he would carry forth in years to come.

"S-Stop!" Monica yelled out, surprising her still-fucking lover. Casey had no idea why she wanted to stop, he thought she was loving every moment of this wild, savage fuck he was giving her.

"I want to ride you darling, I want to experience all of you!" Monica said as she moved away from Casey. She ran her fingers through his hair, tousling it and looked into his green eyes, one of the few things she recognized from many of his incarnations. "I want you to play with my tits and I want to play with my clit as I ride your big cock! Think you can handle me a little longer, stud?"

"What the lady wants, the lady gets!" Casey chortled in mock seriousness. Monica straddled Casey's now-prone body and took him in, full measure at first, feeling his girth inside of her again. She began to ride him, slowly at first as she felt his hands cup her tits.

Casey loved having her tits in his hands, loved the feeling of them, the roundness. She had lovely, firm breasts, nipples rising into stiff pegs as he played with them, with the touch of someone who knew what a woman liked. He also knew Monica didn't mind it a little bit aggressive, so he squeezed them every so often, her groans letting Casey know he was pleasuring her very much.

Intent on returning pleasure to Casey, Monica rode his cock, putting her whole body into the fucking. She whirled her ass around in little circles, then she put her full weight down on his shaft. She would then move up, bit by bit, releasing his cock a bit, then clamping her pussy muscles around it. The grimace on Casey's face relayed to Monica that her lover was enjoying this sensation.

"Fuck woman, you are incredible!" Casey yelled, seeing the happiness in Monica's dark-brown eyes. One of the few regrets he had about being male in this incarnation was not being multi-orgasmic, he so wanted to cum, but he knew that it was always better when they came together.

"I'm glad there are no complaints, lover!" Monica teased as she bounced up and down on his wonderfully hard tool. Every fibre of her being wanted to cum, but she wanted Casey to have his first climax with her when he was ready.

Finally, neither lover could wait any longer. Casey yelled "I'm cumming!", Monica echoing "Mee tooooo!" and the longtime-lovers shared a joint climax. Monica wasn't worried about Casey making her pregnant, her passionate sex-life had made her extremely careful, going on the pill some years earlier. She knew though, should would gladly have borne Casey's child.

The two lovers lay together, spooning and talking, happy as they always were in their love-play. For Monica, the tears came, unbidden and ran down her cheeks. Casey ran his fingers through her hair, cupped her chin and asked "What's wrong?"

Monica sighed. "It was wonderful, as ever, my love. I can't help feeling sadness though, knowing it may be ten more years before I hold you again, knowing you're going home to a wife that loves you!"

Casey laughed and kissed her on the nose. "Oh darling, don't worry, it won't be ten years before we make love again. I would think it will likely only be a matter of hours. Sarah told me to bring you home, she wants to meet you."

Monica went to speak, but Casey held a finger to her lips and kissed her quiet.

"I told you Monica, my wife is VERY open-minded."