 This is based on a role play I did with my friend. I didn't want to role play the sex in this much detail, but didn't want to pussy out either. So here it is: an unabridged chapter of Jacob Smith's sex life! Enjoy and leave comments! Also, Literotica didn't transfer my tabs from the text to the preview for some reason, so I just double spaced my paragraphs.

-Krista O'Connors

----------------------------------------

The night silently wore on as the people huddled in their homes; waiting for daylight to return over Rome. They restlessly slept, as they had for as long as they could remember. It had been like this since the plague of blood had taken over the streets an unremembered generation ago. Every night, the dead would rise and roam the streets hunting for any one stupid enough to be caught out past sunset. Those stupid enough, or those crazy enough. And that's where Jacob Smith comes in.

Jacob started his nocturnal escapades one day when he decided that he had enough of cowering. He did this by setting up a ballista in his living room and trying to go fishing for the undead... A few scrapes, near death experiences, new friends, and broken bones later... He found him self at the Rusty Pike Pub. The place had been closed for years, but with the help of a Vampire Nobleman and his human daughter, as well as Jacob's undead "drinking buddy" Mary, he managed to strike up a deal with the bar tender to re-open.

The normally silent and terrified nights of Rome were now filled with defiant laughter and song. The human guests arrived before sunset and stayed safely inside until the sun rose again. The less living guests showed up periodically and bought the more expensive drinks that the bar tender had been sampling from his more inebriated guests (blood; little to their knowledge.) The dead kept quiet about their presence and the living kept believing they were winning some battle against the curse that filled their streets and plagued their nightmares.

But most importantly; business was booming on the re-opening night of the Rusty Pike, and Jacob Smith was eager to take a break from his dangerous misadventures and make the most of the pub he had helped to re-open. He walked though the pub enjoying the atmosphere and perused the crowd for a hot barmaid to tempt. He soon found a hot blond standing next to a table entertaining some of the male patrons. She wore a simple pink dress with no form and its age was very apparent. Despite this, it fell over her form like a glove suggesting a lean sleekness under the tender fabric. Her hair was a glistening blond, almost silver, against her pale skin. And her voice was a soft whisper, yet un-ignorably loud and clear.

"Well hello there pretty miss, looking for some company?" He asked with his rustic accent so uncommon to the city.

"I wouldn't mind sharing a drink with you any time good sir!" Jacob staggered in surprise to find the face of his drinking friend Mary on the other side of the head he had been flirting with.

"Mary! I didn't see you there!" Not that he didn't like her, but Mary was a vampire, despite all they had been through, and the trust they shared; she was still a creature that survived on blood (that thing he needed to live) and had it's sex organs died a long time ago. He knew any interest she showed would not be interest in the same things he wanted.

"How have You been keeping up? Well feed?" He asked awkwardly changing the subject. Mary took no mind and gestured towards the passed out patron on the table in front of her. She lifted the table clothe to reveal a small cut in the unconscious man's arm that was draining into a wine bottle on the floor. "Clever girl..." Jacob commented fondly. Jacob could see that Mary was fitting in just like she had in life, and earning her keep as well. Her presence was keeping the patrons happy, and she was collecting enough blood to pay for any risk she posed.

Jacob decided not to interrupt this and politely left her to her quarry while returning to hunting for his. He found that most of the women here were more than occupied, he was going to have to find some way to stand out amongst the crowd and maneuver his way into a one on one.

He found his target sitting in between two men chatting up a storm. She was wearing a thick one piece dress with a green skirt that exaggerated her already boastful curves. The green continued up her sides where it clung to her shoulders, suspending the blouse that hung mercilessly low over her bust . It looked as if it could fall at any second only to flutter slightly when she moved her arms to get a drink; causing eyes and heads all across the bar to turn only to be teased.

This one was going to be tough considering neither of them were making any mistakes, and the woman seemed to be enjoying herself. To make her want to change the situation he would have to make a problem out of nothing. Patiently, he waited for his opportunity.

"Yeah! Ask Jerry here! He'll tell yuh!" One of them proclaimed. It wasn't much to go on, but Jacob had all he needed to work with.

"Jerry!" He exclaimed with a friendly handshake and back pat to the confused man sitting before him. "Haven't seen you in for ever! How is that rash on your dirty bits doin'? Was pretty nasty last time I heard!" The man's eyes went wide. He looked to his friend for support who only gave a confused shrug as if to ask "Who is this guy?" and "You have a rash on your dirty bits?"

"After all the pustules and sores I was surprised to see you out here walkin'! You aren't trying to pick up this wee lass with that are yah?" Jacob mercilessly continued eying the young women whose face continued to fall into disgust.

"I-I um... Wha-" He tried to stammer.

"Here! Go get a drink! I'll keep this pretty young maiden company!" He explained as he gave the bamboozled man a friendly lift out of his chair and lead him away before he knew what was going on. His friend followed in confusion and Jacob took his empty seat next to his prize.

"So what's your name lass?" He asked.

"Teressa. And yours?" She replied.

"Ja-William. William Smith." Jacob 

suddenly remembered that the church was under the impression that they had killed him with that little trapped cross of theirs. He certainly didn't want word spreading that he was still alive.

"William you say? And how do you know Jerry?" She asked.

"Jerry?! We go way back! I made some cups for him! And then an entire set of cutlery! Want a drink?" Jacob explained quickly as he awkwardly changed the subject.

"Don't think I have much of a stomach for it after that talk of blisters and carbuncles. So you're a Blacksmith?" She asked.

"Was a Blacksmith." He explained as he ordered some whiskey. "I'm working in the pub until I can get enough money for new shop."

"Wow, that's some pretty hard liquor." she commented as he downed a shot easily.

"Aye lass, It's hard to find stuff like this now-a-days with the plague and all. I just finished my private stash with a drinking buddy of mine. Good thing I get a most of it free from Pete (the owner) for workin' here." He explained.

"I see, I'm feeling a little better now, do you think you could get me a little discount, for workin' here?"

"Are you askin' me to buy yah a drink lass?" He asked.

"I believe I am." She replied putting her hand on his leg. He tried to feel carefully for a pulse or body heat, but couldn't get anything through his pants. She seemed human enough, but he couldn't be too careful in this pub.

"Aye lass, well then... Pete! How about a drink for the lass?! Think you can hook me up?!" He call to the bartender/owner at the end of the bar.

"I telling you! Employee discount is fifty percent! No less! That's final! And it comes out of you r pay check!" Pete declared from under two trays with which he was trying to serve the throngs of patrons with. He exchanged money with two more patrons before sliding two more glasses of whiskey down the bar expertly in front of Jacob and Teressa.

"Half off, nice hook ups." She commented gratefully before downing the drink expertly herself.

"It seems that your no stranger to hard liquor yourself." He commented, relaxing. He had met (and dueled) a city guard earlier that had explained to him that most vampires could only take a ten percent dilution of blood (90% blood, 10% other... usually alcohol.) and the most he had seen was thirty percent. There was no way this woman was the undead; no Vampire could stomach a completely blood free cocktail.

"Yeah, I used to drink a lot, but I haven't had a 'drinking buddy' in a long time." She explained as she squeezed his leg to emphasize her reference to him as her "drinking buddy."

"It's nice to get back," she continued. "It's nice to just forget your life,"

"Your mistakes..." Jacob added fingering at his recently healed cuts.

"Your regrets. I don't know why I ever left." She continued as she sipped another drink. 

"Well probly 'cause the place closed down... but that's not the point." Jacob mumbled. "Think you've had enough there? You might not be able to walk home if you keep it up like that." Jacob asked facetiously.

"No wwwway!" She slurred. "I could walk home right now!" she proclaimed as she attempted to do so.

"Woah there lass! It's still dark out! I don't your gonna be able to get back to your place from here!" He explained as he retrained her from walking through the crowds to the door.

"Phooey! What about your place?" She asked as she fell back into his arms. He tried to keep her lifted as his hands drifted up her chest as she slipped through his grip.

"My place is uh..." He began thinking about the tattered shambles left of his shop and home after the last undead siege it received. "My place is further away..." He told her.

"Well then what will we do?" She whispered into his face with big drunken smile as his hands cupped her breast completely.

"I've got somthin," He told her as he lifted her onto her feet and and lead her to the back of the bar. "Pete set me up with a room to stay in for now until I can get a place more nearby." He explained as he helped her up the stairs.

They got to the the second (and final) floor and staggered into his room. She immediately plopped down on the bed and found it sufficiently bouncy as one of her shirt straps fell. Jacob sat down with her and put his arm around her back. They kissed intensely and she pulled him on top of her as she laid down on the bed. He could feel her tongue poking furtively; encouraging him to retaliate. Her hips pushed as her legs clung to his body. Her hand caressed the back of his neck when he suddenly felt something cold.

"Shit!" He thought. Had he made a mistake? Was her hand really that cold? Was he wrong about how much the undead could ingest? Had he accidentally seduced a Vampire? He immediately lurched up from the bed to find something even more terrifying on her hand: a wedding ring.

"Uuuhmmmm... no." Jacob sputtered at a loss for words. "I don't do that kind of thing..." He told her hesitantly. Jacob didn't boast to be a nobleman of any sort, but this was a little too far for even him. Sure he didn't mind taking what was given, but doing so would break a man's heart... He just didn't have it in him self to do that, even for a voluptuous, busty, half topless brunette.

"What's wrong?" She giggled, causing her enormous chest to jiggle as she took down the other strap of her dress. "I don't bite." She snickered.

"It's not that..." Jacob tried to tell her as she lifted up her dress. "The ring deary." Jacob tried to stay firm, as his pants continued to do so as well. He was not going to hurt a man's heart and soul, for this woman. "Although he couldn't hurt any one if her husband never found out..." He thought to himself.

"Oh this old thing?" She said as she took it off.

"And he did let her come out to the bar alone, I mean, no offense him, but what did he think would happen?" He continued inner monologuing.

"I don't need that!" She slurred as she tossed it across the room where it clattered on the floor.

"I mean seriously! What kind of asshole leaves a woman like this alone in a pub with these ruffians, there's no telling what might happen to her! Their marriage couldn't be that good any ways if she's seeking other men!" He madly reasoned for the carnal prize in front of him.

"See? Problem solved." She told him as she unbuttoned his shirt.

The fingers working at his belt buckle at 

his pants returned him from his reverie and into the room.

"No." He said without hesitation as he gently pushed her away. She gave him a sad look that bent his heart like forged metal, but he wasn't going to just make assumptions about a relationship he wasn't a part of.

"Oh phooey!" She conceded as she turned over and flopped onto the bed. Her entire body bounced as her skirt rode up on her great curvaceous hindquarters. That rump you could forge entire armories off of and still sleep on it! You could heat an entire furnace with looks alone and harden the softest metals! It could supply enough smithing puns to make anyone sick if Jacob didn't suddenly and rashly decide to change his mind, unannounced to the woman on the bed in front of him about to be receiving the consequences of his sudden change of heart.

Jacob's hand gripping her sides was the only warning Teresa got before the sexual fury of the frustrated man behind her unleashed itself upon the insides of the woman underneath him. She squealed in surprise as he forced his manhood into her perfectly sculpted crevice. He slipped in easily with a soft squish and she lifted herself to meet his raging thrusts.

"Well, had some second thoughts?" She managed to get out.

"Nope, but I am now." He grunted.

"What made you change your mind?" She implored.

"That ass, Milady. Could make a man do many things!"

"That's about what my husband said... It has that effect on... oof!" She tried to finish as Jacob quickened his pace. Teresa only managed to lay there flopped on the bed with her dress crumpled at her waist, and hold her legs up for Jacob's persistent thrusting. He held her hips up and thrusted her onto him as he slammed forward into her. If he was going to go down this road, he was going to go down with a bang! He thought as he exploded into her overflowing vagina. He pushed and grunted as his seed warmed the hottest depths of the woman below him. Finally letting her collapse as she fell on the bed before him exhausted.

"Wow! You sure put on a good show! A little short, but I'm not complaining."

"Who said I'm done lass?" He responded with eagerness.

She squealed in drunken surprise and dizziness as he flipped her over and dropped his pants the rest of the way. He plunged back into her ready crevice.

"What? But... You.. Just..." She tried to say in between thrusts, giving up as he lifted her hips into the air with his thrusting.

Jacob ground his teeth as he ignored the tenderness of his recently orgasmic penis as he felt the pain slowly slipping away. As he fell into a comfortable rhythm he slowed down and loosened his grip. He was in no hurry now, and she had gotten hers, so now he was just going to enjoy himself. If he was going to catch himself sleeping with married woman he might as well enjoy it for as long as he could. He flipped her over as her legs flopped over the bed's edge and kept going. As he pushed he noticed the window looking out over the rooftops of Rome from the second floor of the Rusty Pike Pub.

"It's a beautiful night..." He muttered to himself. He had never realized it before. In fact he could not remember the last time some one even mentioned stars. The plague of blood had let very few people see the night and and fewer still had any time to be looking at the sky. The living could only cower behind curtains fearing the darkness and every thing it stood for, loosing the beauty of the moon as it lit up the streets, or the stars as the flooded the sky. Maybe with the Rusty Pike back up and running, humanity could reclaim a small potion of the world that they had lost.

Perhaps someday things would change, but for now there were more pressing matters at hand. Like how he now had to actually focus on keeping himself from cumming. The adrenaline in his body told him of no pain but he knew that his legs had been taking on quite a task for a long time and he knew they wouldn't last much longer.

"You ready for another Lass?" He asked preparing to unleash his load in between her jiggling thighs. He refrained a little harder when she didn't answer. "Lass?" He inquired a little louder staring into her face.

He stopped rutting completely to closely examine the woman's face through the darkness. As he held his face close to hers he felt a warm breath blast up against his. And heard a snore...

"Well fuck it!" He commented as he dropped her legs and withdrew his soaked penis. He had crossed a lot of lines the past week that he never thought he would, he may have befriended and saved a member of the undead, he may have just slept with a married woman, he may have even set up a ballista in his living room and gone outside at night but having his way with an unconscious woman was one line he was not willing to cross tonight. His privates were not happy about this decision though. He leaned back on his knees to view the condition of his throbbing member. He could immediately tell that whether or not the woman on the bed in front of him was up for it or not, he would need to deal with it. A small part of him wished that he hadn't noticed that Teressa was sleeping for just a few more seconds so he could have finished, to be pulled away when he was so close like that had certainly put a damper on his otherwise successful night.

He was busy considering the option of just tugging himself off onto the woman's chest when he felt two cold hands touch his shoulders and slide down his shirt.

"Awww, she broke." Mary whispered in his ear. She always had a quiet voice. She was actually very shy when he first found her on her door step. After all they'd been through, she had gained more confidence, but the voice never changed. That didn't seem to make a difference though with the ability of every vampire he'd meet to be able to be heard by exactly who they wanted to hear them no matter what the circumstances.

"Looks like you didn't make it, you poor thing. How about you let me take care of this." She suggested as she grabbed his receptive member.

"Ahhhh. No. Sorry lass..." Tried to tell her as he tore himself from her gentle hold and crawled onto the bed.

"Awww, you're not just gonna leave it like that?" She implored as she crawled onto the bed with him.

"I can take care of it, I promise." He faltered as he tripped over Teressa and landed flat on the bed. Before he could catch his breath Mary was upon him suspending her body above his with her arms that lingered dangerously close to his wrists. He knew that she could hold him down and take any thing she wanted. But she had been in the position to take from him many times without hurting him and he trusted her. And it was either this trust, or his throbbing erection that caused him to say: "Fuck it!" He said as he lifted his arms up to her face gently. He felt her pulse-less neck and ran his hands across her face to her breathless mouth. He wanted to believe he was safe. He wanted to only see the human parts of the cool body on top of him, but the fangs he ran his fingers over and the lack of hot air coming from her reminded him that no matter how hard he tried, she was dead, and he would be too if he wasn't careful.

He prepared for the precarious copulation presented to him but held his hand on Mary's forehead to prevent her from tearing his face off. She began to drop forward slowly, but instead of encountering resistance, he found her moving not towards his face and the arm blocking it, but his waist. He yanked his arm down to stop her right as she reached his desperate member and plastered her wet tongue to the tip of it.
