 It was a dark and starry night in the desert outside Roswell Air Force base. The BJ sisters, Brenda and Bobby James, sat on a hill overlooking the base. Brenda opened the flap on her shirt pocket and pulled out a big fat joint. "I hope this shit is good." She'd bought the joint from a little guy in a hoodie at the local gas station.

"You're the one that said he knew what he was talking about. When he started talking about hydro, whatever that was, it went straight over my head," Bobby said.

"Okay, I'm as nerdy as he was," Brenda said and grinned. "So I guess that makes me the smart one."

"Smarter than the parents who named us."

"They didn't consider the initials," Brenda said as she fished her lighter out of another pocket.

"Yeah, that started the shit about the fourth grade and it hasn't let up since."

Brenda didn't reply, she was busy taking a big hit off the joint. She held the smoke in as she passed the joint to her sister. Bobby took the joint and did the same.

There was silence for a minute or so before Brenda let the smoke out slowly. With a shiver, she took a deep breath and said, "Smooth."

A minute or so later, Bobby said, "Uh huh."

Brenda looked out toward the base, which consisted of a few lights scattered here and there. "Not much to see is there?"

"Not much," her sister replied. "Boring, as a matter of fact."

Brenda reached for the joint. "We can always smoke dope."

Brenda chuckled and took a hit. "Don't we always, anyway."

Bobby looked around and sighed. "Yeah, boring." She took the joint back from her sister and looked at it. "I've got a pretty good buzz going after one hit."

Brenda looked at her and nodded. "It's even better after two."

Bobby took a hit as she looked up at the sky. The stars were sharp and bright. They seemed to twinkle more than they did in the city. A meteor crossed the sky, a bright reddish yellow streak.

Brenda lay back on the blanket and sighed as she looked up at the sky. "So beautiful," she whispered a moment later.

Bobby handed her the joint and leaned back on her elbows. "I was thinking pretty much the same thing."

Brenda took a hit and passed the joint back. Bobby looked at it and frowned. There seemed to be a lot more of it than there should have been after five big hits. With a mental shrug, she took a hit.

About then, a light flared on to her right and a deep male voice said, "You guys can't be up here. This is posted Federal property."

Brenda was blowing out smoke as she sat up. She used one hand to block the glaring light as she used the other to undo a couple of buttons on her shirt. She pulled one edge to the side until one of her breasts came into view. "I, uh, haven't been mistaken for a guy since the fourth grade."

Bobby giggled as she blew out the smoke from her last hit.

"Are you two smoking pot?" The guy asked sharply.

Brenda was taking a hit off the joint. Bobby grinned at her and said, "Yeah, we are."

"What are your names?" The guy asked. "That shit is illegal in this state, not to mention on government land."

"I'm Exhale and that's my sister Inhale," Bobby said.

"I hate smart asses," the guy said. "I have a mind to haul you down to the property line and call the local sheriff. He can figure out where you got that dope."

There was a flash of blue green light and the guy was gone, flashlight and all. Bobby blinked about twice and looked at her sister. "Uh, where did he go?"

Brenda looked at the joint in her hand. "Mushrooms maybe?"

There was a warm breeze from above and Bobby looked up. Her mouth dropped open as she pointed upward. Brenda looked the same way when she looked up. Above them was a triangle of stars blocked out and three blinking red and green lights.

"What the fuck?" Bobby whispered.

"Uh, UFO, maybe?" Brenda replied.

A moment later, the blue green light flashed again and the guy was back where he had been but his light was off. "Fucking anal probes," he said loudly and then looked at the two women. "Why didn't you say you were one of their customers? It would have saved me a pain in the ass."

"Uh, whose customer?" Bobby asked, after she got her mouth closed again.

The guy pointed up in the air. Both girls looked up. There was nothing there but stars. They looked at the guy and Brenda said, "Uh, there's no one there."

The guy looked up quickly and shook his head. He turned and hurried down the hill cussing about the dead flashlight.

"That was interesting," Bobby said.

"It wasn't boring." Brenda added as she handed her sister the joint.

Bobby looked at it and asked, "Have you noticed anything odd about this joint?"

Brenda shrugged and replied, "It's making us see things." About then a truck door slammed at the bottom of the hill, lights came on as a motor started. "Uh, maybe not," Brenda added.

"We've had three or four hits each, I've lost track, and shit, there's still half a joint left," Bobby said as she raised the joint to her hips. She took another hit, long and slow before she passed it to her sister.

"I like a good thing that lasts," Brenda said before she took a long slow hit of her own.

After a minute or so, Bobby said, "Yes, you're going to college. Just because I dropped out doesn't mean it won't be a good thing."

A few moments later, Brenda looked at her sister real funny. "Who the fuck are you talking too?"

"My daughter, who else," Bobby replied, taking the joint from her sister.

"Uh, you don't have a daughter."

Bobby didn't reply. She was holding in the smoke and she'd lain back on the blanket. She stared up at the night sky and shivered hard. She didn't have a daughter. She didn't have a boyfriend or a husband, so the chances of having a daughter were slim. She passed the joint back to her sister.

Brenda had lain down beside her sister. She took the joint and said loudly, "Hell no you can't sleep with her. She's your fucking cousin."

Bobby looked at her sister and frowned. "Who're you talking too?"

"My stupid son, who else," Brenda replied, before she took another hit. "This stuff is really good."

"Uh, you don't have a son, stupid or otherwise."

Brenda looked up at the stars and shivered. She didn't have a son but she might have had one if she hadn't gotten that abortion at fifteen. She sighed and passed the joint back to her sister.

Neither one said another word. Somewhere along the time line, they both fell asleep.

*****

The sun in her eyes woke Brenda. She kept her eyes closed and sighed deeply. The sun was warm on her skin. She shivered and frowned. Something was wrong with that but it didn't register fully until she turned her head away from the sun and opened one eye.

Brenda gasped loudly and looked down along her body. She was completely naked. "No wonder the sun feels so warm all over," she muttered and looked at her sister again. Bobby was as naked as she was. When had they gotten undressed? Why had they gotten undressed?

Half sitting up, Brenda groaned at the muscle aches in her stomach. She ended up bracing herself on her elbows. "Hey Bobby, wake the fuck up," she said louder than she meant too.

Bobby mumbled in her sleep but didn't move.

"Bobby!" Brenda said sharply.

"I love the way you fuck me," Bobby said softly and sighed.

"Bobby, no one is fucking you."

With a deep sigh, Bobby whispered, "All night long."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Brenda asked sitting all the way up. Her stomach muscles protested even more.

Bobby giggled and opened one eye. "What a wild dream," she whispered and closed the eye. A few seconds later, both eyes popped open. She was looking at her naked sister. "Uh, why are you naked?" She asked quickly.

"Why are you naked?" Brenda shot back at her.

Bobby's head turned and she looked down along her body. "Uh, why am I naked?"

"I asked you first," Brenda said.

Bobby looked perplexed and sat up. Her stomach muscles hurt as she did. She looked confused for a moment as she remembered the only other time they'd hurt that way. Back when she first had sex. Orgasm after orgasm had made her stomach muscles hurt like they did now.

She looked at her sister and then looked around. They were alone on top of the hill. "The little guy in the hoodie," she said a moment later.

"What about him?" Brenda asked.

"I think he fucked us all night long."

Brenda's eyes grew wide. "Both of us?"

"That or there was two of him."

Brenda leaned back on one hand and explored her sex with the other. She winced slightly and groaned. "Yeah, well fucked."

Bobby did the same as her sister and groaned even louder. "Oh hell no."

Brenda looked at her sister quickly. "When was the last time you were on birth control?"

"It's been a while. How about you?"

"Probably about the same."

"Who the hell was that guy?" Bobby said hotly.

Thinking about the guard from earlier and what he said about anal probes and being one of "their" customers, she groaned and whispered, "Maybe the better question might be, what was that guy?"

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Bobby asked, looking at her sister as if she had two heads.

Brenda pointed upward and said, "Remember that triangle and the guard disappearing? Remember what he said when he reappeared?"

"There had to be mushrooms in that joint," Bobby said.

"Mushrooms didn't fuck us both," Brenda said.

"It felt more like a foot long hotdog," Bobby whispered. "Long and thin."

"You remember being fucked?" Brenda asked.

"Kind of. At least I think I did when you woke me up or I might have been dreaming. It had that same blurry feeling. I don't know for sure."

Brenda groaned and looked around. "Where are our clothes?"

Bobby looked around and groaned. "I, uh, don't see anything."

"The blanket is still here," Brenda said and the looked around on it. "Where's that fucking joint?"

"I, uh, don't see it either," Bobby replied.

"One of us is riding home naked," Brenda said.

"I'm driving, so...." Bobby left the sentence hanging.

*****

Nine months later to the day, Bobby had a little girl and Brenda had a little boy. Both were small and skinny but the boy's dick looked large in proportion to the rest of him. Long and thin, in fact.