 Marion stood up from his large round elven bed. He stretched his elastic elven limbs as was his morning ritual. It was hardly morning however. Upon looking at the light streaming through the tall windows circling the room, Marion could tell it was far into midday. 

He had spent the night awake with a stunning elven beauty until nearly dawn. Beneath the thin silken sheets, she still lay. Her sleeping expression was calm, and Marion could not help but admire the artistic beauty of her features. Slender feminine hips and perky breast protruded from the light blue sheets in a way which oozed sexuality.

Marion knew these features to be deceiving however. He sulkily turned away from the beautiful creature. Her presence frustrated him after spending their last night together. The couple connected so well, but both knew they would never be able to physically express that attraction. 

The previous night they had tried, although aware the attempt was pointless. The young elfish woman had done everything in her power to stimulate Marion's penis into an erection but had miserably failed. Finally, the young duo relaxed in each other's arms. Lilith, the beautiful blond talked about her hopes and dreams until sleep came to her. Marion had remained mostly silent however. He stayed awake and listened to Lilith's sleeping breaths in realization that his dream had been crushed.

Marion walked towards the washroom, all the while fingering his penis for some sign of the fabled morning erection he hoped to someday wake up with. His father had once told him about such things. Things as they were before the day's elven kind had lost their sexuality. Marion had never seen his penis erect before, and always wondered how big it would be in such a scenario. He imagined poking a huge cock into a beautiful girl but the thought evoked little emotion.

In the bathroom Marion approached the marble privy and relieved himself. "At least I don't have to worry about trying to piss with a morning hard-on," he said to himself as he effortlessly hit his target. Because of the late hour in the day, Marion decided to use magic to aid him in washing up. After relieving himself, he reached out with his water magic towards the filled bath in the corner of the washroom. 

The water swirled around in the air to at his command. The young man was nude already from his failed attempt at love-making and ready for a cool bath. Water closed in around his body swirling against his skin and easily wiping it clean.

Marion sent the water gliding back to the bath which he had neglected to use. It splashed into its intricately designed silver orifice. The only wetness lingering on his body was in his long blond hair. He swiped it out of his eyes without giving any further bother to it. He knew full well it would arrange itself handsomely in typical elfish fashion. 

Remembering the warm afternoon sunlight which had shone through the windows, Marion decidedly walked from the bathroom. Although he would normally dress himself to leave the bedroom, Marion adventurously went into the hallway nude. 

There was a small courtyard garden in the elaborate house. Marion entered the lovely space. Instant gratification set over the elf. His skin glowed from the sun's heat and he reached sleepy comfort from a catlike contentment. In a matter of seconds his eyes drooped.

The tall garden grass seemed like a bed for the elf and he realized he had gotten little sleep the night before. Marion lay down near some inviting lilies half realizing he was still naked.

******

Marion's brain clicked on. The elf had fallen asleep during Lilith's stimulation. Her mouth was wrapped around his hard penis. Something had worked.

But there was no bed under him. Something wasn't right. This was some dream.

He suddenly awoke to see she was riding his penis. Her engorged pink pussy wrapped around his penis. Up and down in exhilarating motion. Her blue eyes stared into his, her hair falling around her face.

But what was touching his balls. Her hands weren't there.

The elf forced his dream to persist. He attempted to remember the warm wet feeling wrapped around his erect phallus. The waking dream was ecstasy. Pleasure as he had never felt before flooded his body.

Lilith's pussy paused in its motion. Wanting to protest he attempted to move but could not. A tickling sensation on his penis stirred Marion into further alertness. 

The tickling sensation was Lilith's tongue. He knew this to be true from a similar sensation during her attempts to stimulate him. There was another tickle this time located on the tip of his penis. He felt a shortness of breath from the sudden unbearable tipping point her tongue had caused.

******

In one sure moment Marion breathed deeply. With each ounce of oxygen he awoke further from his euphoric dream. Blinding warm sunlight flooded Marion's eyes as he tried to open them. The sunlight helped the elf realize the situation. Marion remembered the warm courtyard and inviting bed of lilies. 

The elf's dream was the most concerning matter at hand however. Instinctively, Marion flapped a hand toward his privates to feel if they were indeed engorged. His fingers limply hit against soft hair which fell over his body. Marion lifted his head to squint at Lilith sitting between his legs.

Her beautiful mouth was wrapped around his penis. The girl was wearing a white summer dress covered in lace. Her shoulder straps had slipped, allowing some of her perky breasts to peek out. Lilith smiled exuberantly seeing the man had woken up. She made a gesture indicating towards his penis.

Lilith's indication was needless however. Marion could already see that his penis was erect. Never had it been so engorged. By some astonishing miracle the elf had achieved an erection. The thought of such a thing happening was exhilarating. This accomplishment was momentous for him, as well as his whole race. It was the first elfin erection in decades and had been achieved by him.

The far reaching possibilities were trivial at the present moment however. Marion's brain screamed for sexual stimulation. Marion's penis was dripping with Lilith's salvia. She had been vigorously stimulating his penis. With forceful hands Marion wrapped his palm around the back of the girl's head. He nudged the girl's ecstatic smiling mouth back towards his cock.

"Don't stop," He said. Lilith quickly toned down her exuberant expression and became more serious. Both elves knew they had to exploit this opportunity; see what they could achieve. But most importantly, Marion needed release from the lust boiling through him.

As soon as Lilith opened her wet pink lips, Marion brought them around the head of his penis. With more force than he meant to apply to the back of the girls head, Marion pushed her down. When her lips had engulfed nearly half of his huge penis Lilith let out a cough. Her vividly blue eyes looked up at the man's face. They had started to water and she withdrew her mouth for a gasp of air. 

In their session the night before the man's penis had never achieved erection, and his phallus was too much for the young woman to handle. Marion had not meant to force the girl beyond her capabilities, but was overcome by instinctive reflexes. As her mouth closed around Marion's penis again, his thigh's thrust forward in a way the girl had never experienced.

Despite resistance from Marion's hand, Lilith pulled her throat away from his penis once more. The girl's gag reflex had forced her to profusely salivate. A dribble of salvia hung like a rope between her sumptuous lips and the tip of Marion's penis.

Marion was surprised by the potency with which he had forced the girl's mouth further around his penis. He had never felt such animalistic urges. The young man brought his right hand to the side of Lilith's head and caressed her soft blond hair. He tilted his head upwards to see the girl better and started stroking the base of his soaking wet penis with his other hand.

Once Lilith recovered from the startling gag his huge cock had caused her, she began to assist Marion in stroking his penis. She brought one of her hands to the tip of the elf's penis. While Marion worked on the bottom part of his cock, stroking it with vigorous motion, Lilith focused on the sensitive head. Her dainty small hands used a rolling motion around this erogenous zone. The action sent shivers through Marion's body.

The elfin male started to moan with satisfaction. Too debilitated to stroke his cock, he left the motions to the young woman. She accordingly shifted her focus to encompass the entirety of the penis. She stroked him in slow downward motions while looking into his eyes.

He sat himself further upward to see her. His gaze shifted between her face and perky breasts. Marion noticed her lush pink nipples had emerged from the slipping dress. The elf stopped Lilith from what she was doing and further tugged down the frilly white dress. While still supporting himself up, he began to caress her breasts, her soft velvety skin yielding to his touch.

Entranced by her body's sexual appeal, Marion wrapped his legs around the woman. He tumbled the couple sideways to position himself on top of her. The couple fully slipped Lilith's dress down around her waist revealing the woman's bare torso. He brought himself close the woman's chest, his legs straddling her flat stomach. 

In deep hard strokes he masturbated his penis over the gorgeous elf, all the while rubbing the head of his rod along the crevasse between her breasts. Marion felt himself flushing. Suddenly, with uncontainable pleasure, the elf came. Accompanying the unexplored ecstasy was an explosion of male seed.

Lilith flinched at the surge of white fluid from Marion's penis. It covered her chest in a sticky layer of elfin sperm. Exhausted by the exertion of his uncontainable orgasm, Marion collapsed to the side of Lilith. He lay there in a film of sweat, incapable of processing thoughts.

As the elf's ragged breath began to calm, he felt Lilith slip her arm around him. She nestled her head against his, her golden hair brushing against his smooth cheek. "We must tell the Elders," she said.