 The two families had rented a nice home in a mountain escape type location to share a vacation together. Local Italian pizza is made nearby to remind you what the good stuff is like. The home had a large inner balcony that looked over an expansive living room of stone and log, lush carpet, roaring fire place with a stone bench to sit around and absorb the warmth, and plush fabric couches that looked like they could take the load off. Of the children, there were 3 girls, 2 from one family, one from the other, and 3 guys with the same ratio, but reversed. Their ages ranged from 21 to 26, and they were back at their former stomping grounds from when the families used to hang out while the kids were still in high school, growing up, etc. They had come back for a reunion of sorts, all of them a little older, a little wiser, and definitely hungry for life. Together, they boasted widespread occupations including medicine and law.

Dinner had finished a few hours ago, the bedtime movie was over, most of the desserts and popcorn had been finished, and three of the kids lay falling asleep in the living room, while the rest of the family members had found rooms upstairs. John, age 25, lived in Manhattan and lay with his feet pointing towards his brother, Matt, age 26, who was the more financially successful of two, working corporate law. He was lying at the other end of the couch, facing the opposite direction. Across the books, magazines, and remote controls covering the coffee table lay one of the two daughters from the other family, Elizabeth, 22 and fresh out of Cornell with a Master's in Musicology. She had golden ruby hair that lay elegantly over her neck and wore a necklace draped gracefully in the same space. It was a small, light pink, heart-shaped diamond encased in ornate aged silver and strung from a fine silver chain. I wonder where she got that... 

John wakes Matt with a snore whose eyes pop open before squinting in annoyance. With his eyes focused and aimed so, he had a beeline view to Elizabeth's generous cleavage. 

'Damn, she has got some fantastic tits,' Matt thinks to himself after appreciating his luck and taking in the sight for a moment. 

It is unclear whether Matt could articulate just how fantastic a bust Elizabeth was blessed with. She measured a perfectly symmetrical 32DD with only the most aesthetically pleasing and light freckling. 

'I've got an idea!' he thinks.

Matt peels away the thin woolen blanket to reveal his toned body, not that anybody noticed, as he flips his legs out to tip toe to his brother's side. He grabs ahold of his brother's raised right shoulder and shakes to wake John. 

"Hey buddy, wake up," he whispers. 

As John's eyes begin to open and make sense of the world, Matt conveys his plan; he and John should team up, because they work well together, and they should go tag-team the fuck out of Liz. Now, the kids had fooled around now and again as they grew up, oral on the very occasional birthday, some handiwork before that, and loads of making out, but they had never got to experience Liz's fuck, as it were. Now seemed like the perfect time. 

John suggests they smoke a little weed that he had gotten from a cute couple on the slopes and maybe Lizzy would wake up if they blew some in her direction. They proceed to do just that, smoking out of a small glass bong stained several different hues, like the windows from a catholic church. Before they could even exhale, Liz was raising her head from the sofa. 

"So, the youngsters get the rooms but we get the better weed, right?" she asks. 

"Little twerps," Matt replies, passing her the bong. 

A moment in the still night passes comfortably.

"Your sister has gotten really pretty," Liz says thoughtfully. "I hope she still likes me..." 

"Not at all, she's thrilled to see you again," John mentions, briefly looking to his brother for confirmation. "She said she truly missed seeing your face, after such a long time... Say, Liz, why've we never hooked up?" 

Liz is also a little surprised by that fact. 

She responds, "I dunno. I guess we were just usually too busy having fun, being kids... But you two are super-hot, you know that. I'd love to be with you." she says before pulling from the delicate water pipe. 

The guys do not hesitate. With smirks, they stand up and begin undoing their pants and removing their shirts. Liz is slightly taken aback in the best way, bringing her hand to her smile before exhaling the drug and setting the piece down. 

"Oh, now?" she asks with a grin.

With a straight back and her left hand gently seated on her thigh, she beckons them with her right. After dropping their pants, they move the coffee table out of the way from between the couches, and proceed to stand before Liz in nothing but their briefs. Liz has now taken to kneeling on the lushly carpeted floor, in front of the couch, with her deep red silken boy-short underwear tight over and between her ass cheeks which sit perched atop the heels of her feet and are revealed below her white, tattered Grateful Dead t-shirt which is clearly a few sizes too small and greedily hugs her ample breasts as they undulate with her breath. She reaches out to grasp both cocks through the boys' underwear, leaning to press Matt's cloth covered cock between her lips, lovingly, and a little bit teasingly, as she looks up at John to her right beaming. 

"This is nice," she says coyly.

The fabric is soft, but abrasive as she starts to pull her tongue along the shaft's length. John pulls down his white, cock-filled briefs, and steps out of them, leaving his gently sculpted semi-hard-on hanging before Liz's partially open mouth as she takes notice. John's soft taut foreskin sits just cresting the back edge of his wide and bulbous head. As he flexes, it rises to attention, pointing right towards the back of Liz's throat, foreskin pulling back to reveal a beautiful and eager cock. Like the perfect fit of the sheath to a samurai's blade, Elizabeth impales herself to the hilt on John's hardening cock, finding immense satisfaction in the feeling of her throat stretching to give way to this beautiful beast which had come to lodge itself fully in the depths of her soul by way of her completely stuffed esophagus. Her tongue began to stretch out in front of her lips to lick whatever stretch of John's body she could reach, and to taste that sweet flavor of John's sweat and masculinity. She wished she could stay like that forever, but she needed to come up for air. After disgorging herself from his erection, she took some deep and satisfied breaths through the stringing saliva connecting her lips to his cock. 

Matt had moved around behind Liz to pay tribute to her perfect ass. Liz now assumes a hands and knees position, like a puppy stretching its forelimbs, savoring a satisfying yoga-like feeling as she continues to suck on John's gorgeous cock. As her lips come away again with several more strands of lucent saliva bridging the gap, a pearly white bead of John's pre-cum begins to grow thick at the tip of his bulb. Like a dab of frosting, Liz licks up this delight with a gleeful moan. 

Liz could not be presenting her ass more enticingly to Matt. In his entranced state, eyes locked to her luscious backside, he carefully slips his fingers beneath the upper band of her shorts which reluctantly give up the room, and begins to pull the material revealing a well-trimmed, heavenly-layered, glistening tan, red, and pink vision nestled between her smooth, flawless glowing white thighs, reflecting the light of the fire, and below her tight and pleasant, radially ridged asshole. Feeling how wet she was with his right hand, he didn't waste any time teasing her. Instead he immediately lined up his fat shaft before plunging in to fill her at a moderate but steady pace until his balls were pressing wetly into her outer labia. From a different perspective, he pulls himself into her, gripping her between her waist and bent thighs, as Liz arches her head, neck, and back in response, the two of them rising to complete the connection. 

Matt was shattered with the luxurious feeling of Lizzy's insides, the entirety of which were warmly gripping and massaging his increasingly raging erection which continued to fight for more room inside her. Matt began the long journey of pulling out before exiting with an adorable "pop!" As Matt sent it home again, Liz managed to time filling her throat with John's cock to be perfectly in sync with the last few inches of Matt's thrust. With all her power and a little glow from her necklace, she begins to grip the two cocks securely in her amazingly fit and seductive body. Her tits hang firm with a tight and pointed topside and a bulbous underside, supportive from below, gently reverberating with the impacts of each thrust and pull. She has tensed immensely to strengthen her hold. Taking the moment to breathe and enjoy the stillness of the softly warm air, she felt her necklace give its first hum. Then another came, and another. 

With each hum and glow of the necklace, Matt and John pull just nearly out before driving confidently home again in time. The necklace pulses again and again, and each time shows us Matt and John both pulling and thrusting hard into Liz, whose face is a confident expression of pleasure and expectant understanding. The brothers begin to fuck Liz faster and faster, John thrusting into Elizabeth's mouth, tongue, and throat, and Matt stretching her sweet pussy, all three groaning and moaning more and more intensely to express their deep undeniable pleasure. They are like in a trance, and the friction of the young men's cocks thrusting into and withdrawing from the young red and gold haired maiden's sweet luscious holes seems to cause a faint glow to subtly emerge from her source, her center, her soul.

The boys are fucking sweet Liz with a sort of enraged abandon, in complete command of their now rapid movements. Liz seems to harden and strengthen as the rapid stretching and release of her insides continues. Her eyes seem to glow now too, as if the light is seeping out from between her eyes and lids. Her hands are in the carpet, supporting her from below, fingers spread wide and searching, feeling, grasping. Her perky tits vibrate sharply from the fucking and more slowly too, from her steady breathing through her nose. Matt now seems to glow a deep and vibrant red as he seems to awaken to his new body, possessed now by the energy of some delirious and excited demon. The being that is a glowing red and slightly larger than life version of the fit and muscular Matt gathers Liz's hair into his hands, grips tightly, and pulls gently down and back. Liz moans in response to her master's new angle. With her hair wrapped tightly in evil's right hand, the entity rested his left on her lower backside and began to thrust deeper than seemed humanly possible. 

-- 

"Her ass cheeks were full to bursting beneath my fingers. She was constantly moving, I remember that. She would keep adjusting and squeezing and feeling, it seemed, in order to know how to hold and bring pleasure to your communion in the best way. It's like there were dozens of her own selves lining the walls of her sweet vagina, all working together to massage and beat and pull and stretch and lick and send your cock into pleasure's oblivion."

The demon that took to reside in John's body, on the other hand, had this to say: "I knew we'd made a good purchase the moment we warped in. The control was tight and the sensory connection was flawless. I've been places where the response between you and your human is a sluggish nightmare... It ruins the whole experience. But here, everything was all right, baby. Man, she was something, clearly been doing this a while, she was so good. She sucked cock with her soul; I mean the girl was possessed! I was worried I'd leave her devastated if I took her off my cock for even one moment. She was intent on my pleasure, and was not afraid, no she was thrilled, really, to be able to share that with me. What a pro. So yeah, we will definitely be coming back again, and give a shout out to my girl Liz, that cat is smokin'." 

"Okay, you've heard it folks, Human Touch's new and improved netcode has resulted in some very pleasured... I mean, pleased customers. Back to you, Hiijziya." 

"Thanks, Keets. Wow. Well, I might have to take a tour down memory lane and try their latest out for myself, eh? What do you say Skiiyaas?" 

"Oooh, I'm tempted to go there for lunch!" she agrees.

"Me too, Skiiyaas." The demon newscaster chuckles and turns his attention from his co-host Skiiyaas back to the video capture to finish. "Me too. Okay! Next up we've got a new story on the latest in escapee efforts to get out of the West Fleedjian Torture Basin. Those stupid fucks. They never learn!" 

--

Meanwhile, back in the cozy ski cottage getaway, the glow fades from the two brothers' bodies as they collapse backwards in either direction while Liz remains between them. She sits with her legs folded to the side and under her, naked besides her hair gathered to one side. She has her right arm up and is licking at some of the plentiful remaining demon seed that still coats her body. 'What fun,' she thought to herself. 'And what a pleasure doing business with you both.' She nods to her long-gone demon visitors. The boys are regaining their wits, and find the warmly glowing angel that is Liz before them, quietly cleaning herself. 

"Liz!" Matt exclaims under his breath. "What the hell happened!? What was that?"

Liz ceases her task to look into his eyes while beginning to crawl over towards him. She curls her hair behind her ear and begins to pass on the favor by cleaning his semi-soft cock with her tongue and mouth. 

"I don't know bro, but that was the best sex I've ever had," Matt says while admiring Liz. "I completely lost it." 

Liz is lying on her belly and elbows now, feet crossed in the air behind her, hands lightly fisted beneath her cheekbones for support, as she sucks Matt's large semi-hardness in and out. She looks up into Matt's eyes, winks, and returns to continue enjoying Matt's cock. 

"Well, I don't remember all of it, that's for sure; I seemed to fade out midway... but I admit, that was my number one as well... for sure." 

"Definitely." Matt says. 

Liz pulls her mouth off Matt's cock reluctantly to smile, and say, with a twinkle in her eyes, "Hey, I'm glad you guys liked it. I knew you two would be great in bed. Such hunks!" She lowers her head to Matt's forming erection with an exaggerated lick. "And such delicious cock!" she says. 

Liz turns to acknowledge John, and moves in his direction to get him cleaned up as well. As she bends to begin sucking the juices from John's cock, she waggles her ass in the air to get Matt's attention. She is so slick, so fucking hot; the invitation is simply irresistible. Now fully hard from Liz's mouth-work, Matt moves into position to fill her pussy once more. 

--

Sometime later, after all three were sated, they are sitting on the couch, three in a row with Lizzy in the middle. A large wool blanket covers all three of them nearly to the top of their shoulders.

"Someday, you'll have to walk me through what happened back there... It was like another world, except I was just watching myself from afar. Or at least that's the way it felt," John comments. 

"Yeah, I felt it too," Matt responds. 

"Oh shit, there's Shelly," Liz exclaims quietly to the others. 

Shelly, age 21, comes to the banister at the edge of the balcony wearing a silken nightie with thin straps over her shoulders and collarbone, smiling, yawning, and rubbing her eyes. As her peepers come into focus to reveal the scene below, her face transforms with a wide and evidently very pleased smile. 

"Hi, guys!" Shelly calls out excitedly.

To be continued.