 Hello everybody. It's JT, heaven's newest "Spirit Guide".

What's a spirit guide you ask? In my opinion, it's a Guardian Angel knockoff.

For those of you who aren't familiar with my bio, I have spent the last 100 years in purgatory under the command and control of Saint Peter. 

The offense that got me in trouble with the all mighty was my involvement in the sex for sell industry.

My punishment has been to do the same thing in the afterlife that I did as a mortal. I keep women safe when they put themselves in sketchy situations in order to get some dick.

If you read my last two reports, then you know I thought I was sprung from Purgatory, when I got that internship in the Guardian Angels division of heaven.

Unfortunately for me, when the Angel's HR department checked my origin, they found out I'd once been a mortal, so I don't qualify to be an Angel.

I know he's used to sending people into heaven's general population, but you'd think Pete would have had someone check into that before he sent me over there. 

I know he was trying to do me a solid after I helped out his girlfriend, Luna the moon goddess, but it's kinda embarrassing to have your brand new wings clipped like that. "Sigh". 

The only thing worse than the embarrassment, was the thought of living eternity in heaven's general population. It's all peaceful and serene, but l needs me some action, and a little sin in my afterlife, same as it was in my mortal life. Therefore it was back to purgatory for me. 

I'm sure it was Luna who suggested to Saint Peter that he transfer me to the Gods and Goddesses realm. I'm not giving that guy credit for it, that's for sure.

Apparently Luna had been impressed by my work, when I helped her shaman dispose of the witch that was tormenting the female Alpha of the Gum Swamp Creek Pack. 

When Pete told her about my predicament, she told Pete she'd love to have me work as an apprentice Spirit Guide under her. If I make it through the probationary period, I'll have the job.

Just an FYI, I'm still not free of Pete because if I ever want to transfer from this realm to heaven, I still have to enter through the pearly gates.

Of course, as a Spirit Guide I don't have the same power, or prestige I'd have if I were a Guardian Angel. 

But the good news is, I'm out of purgatory, and no longer spending all my time perving women while they're fucking.

The thing I like best is, I'm finally in a version of heaven.

So there's that.

~~~

That's how I went from my dream job as a Guardian Angel, to sitting here in Spirit Guide orientation.

Looks like I get to hook people up with the resources to help them reach their goals. 

Um, let me see. Says here that I can offer guidance to anyone, but I'll primarily be working with shaman, healers, and medicine men. Folks like that, but not so much with palm readers, spiritual healers, tarot card readers and that crowd, thankfully.

Of course I have to bounce their request off Luna before I can say yay or nay to a big decision.

However, I am authorized to offer my insight, and give them comfort when they feel lost.

They better be asking about sports, or fucking, if they expect to get any insight from me though.

I'm not sure if this is a fit for me, but after a hundred years of putting up with Pete screwing me over, I figured I'd give it a shot. 

~~~

Spirit Guide orientation.

That was my mindset as our presenter, who just happened to be wearing a teddy, wrapped up her talk. "Dressing like that is one way to hold my attention," I thought.

I was about to go check with the dispatcher for my first assignment, when the cute presenter named Megan said to me, "JT, I heard good things about you. A lot of us girls around here are pulling for that Werewolf Alpha you helped. If there's anything I can do for you, please don't hesitate to ask." 

Then she gave me a smile that I couldn't quite interpret whether it was friendly or flirting.

I responded humbly saying, "You can definitely expect to be hearing from me."

I'm sure y'all already knew I'd be trying to tap that ass, as soon as I saw her smile.

As though the message was timed to coincide with her walking away, an announcement was made over the public address system I guess. This place is a bit different from purgatory. I mean it's nice and otherworldly and all, but it ain't like floating on a cloud. 

But then purgatory is just one step from heaven, so naturally everything there would be top shelf.

This realm is a bit more grey collar, let's say. 

Anyway, the announcement was for me to go see Luna, or should I say the announcement was informing me and whoever I was with that I was now in the presence of Luna.

In an instant I was in a room without walls. The only piece of furniture was a bed, and she was lounging on it, propped up on her elbows.

I was like a deer in headlights, when I first saw her. Luna was, is gorgeous. Think Annette Haven in her prime. 

She dressed in layers of sheer white material that was just transparent enough to see shadows of her nipples, her bush, and her ass-crack.

The kicker was, there was music by the Commodores playing, and the room smelled of incense.

The whole scene had a seventies vibe. 

I stood there for what seemed like a long time without a word being said. I guess she was grooving with the music. Finally she waved her hand and it was quiet, and then she said, "Welcome to my lair, JT. Did you know that Saint Peter gave your soul to me?"

As you can imagine my eyes bucked when I heard that. I quickly called her on it, saying, "With all due respect your Luna-ness. I wasn't aware Saint Peter owned my soul. That image dredges up feelings that exist in my DNA though I never actually experienced them."

I was feeling some kind if way all of a sudden, but Luna wasn't fazed by my thin skin. She stepped to me, cupped my face in both her hands, and then she tongue-kissed me deep and hard. Her millennia of practice payed off, somehow she pushed her tongue into my mouth while sucking my tongue at the same time.

Her lip lock lasted a half a minute or so, and just that quickly my hurt feelings were gone.

Then she released her grip and glided back to the bed, lay down and spread her legs. Luna the Moon Goddess was showing me her pussy, even if it was somewhat covered. Then she continued talking, saying, "I have taken possession of your soul until you request to be sent to heaven. I hope you will wait the full ninety days before you make a decision.

"Keeping an eye on the world's super natural creatures is a twenty four seven job. After thousands of years of doing this job, I need some me time."

"For a while now, there haven't been enough spiritual mediums to have one in each of the larger packs."

"As a result, things have started to go off the rails in a few packs in the southeastern part of the states. You are one of the spirits who has shown me that I can trust your intellect and judgment. Therefore I'm going to empower you with the authority to remove the people causing the problems in those packs, by any means necessary. I will be available for the life and death decisions of course."

Once again as if on cue, as soon as she finished speaking, a call came through. It was Saint Peter's voice. This time it was an intra- realm phone call I guess. Anyways, Luna starts smiling from ear to ear when she sees the hologram of Pete's dick, and then she says to me, "JT I have to get this."I'll talk with you later" 

"What the fuck?" I blurted. "That nasty little Bubeleh sent her a dick pic, and he's hung like a donkey. 

She was waving her hand as I spoke. An instant later I was in the Rebel pack's territory, more specifically I was in Alpha Huck Finn's closet, in the container where he keeps his sex toys.

"What the fuck am I doing here?" I asked myself, obviously. 

Then I focused for a second and I was back in Luna's realm, standing at the dispatcher's desk. "I went to my job site before I picked up my work-packet," I blurted out, without so much as a "hello"," 

The good looking blonde looked over her reading glasses at me. She had thick lips, a full bosom, and very little patience when she responded, and saying, "You are?"

"Um Jon Thomas," I replied. "I'm sorry for disturbing you.'

Instantly her demeanor became friendlier, and she smiled warmly. Without breaking eye contact with me, she licked her lips, and suddenly I knew everything I needed to know about my mission.

This time I was sure the smile I saw was more than a friendly gesture. 

After taking a moment to process the fact that I now had all this new data in my head, I smiled back at her and said, "Thank you?"

"Rhonda Jo," she said. Then she licked her lips.

"To be continued," I thought.

~

After getting briefed, it was pretty plain to me that Luna had taken a liking to that young Werewolf Alpha, or perhaps she'd taken a disliking to some of the male Alphas.

My first thought after taking a moment to consider my assignment, was to call on Megan. It occurred to me that I didn't know how to call her, but while I was trying to work up the humility to ask Rhonda Jo for help, Megan's voice was all around me. She said, "Yes JT?"

I looked around to see if she were somewhere near before I responded. Not only wasn't she there but no-one else had heard her. So I responded in my head saying, "Megan I need your help." 

Instantly I was with her. Again the room had no walls that I could see. She was standing, while watching a hologram of a woman who was sleeping. The woman was talking in her sleep, and Megan was responding to her.

I could tell the woman was conflicted about something by the tortured look on her face, when she said, "I just don't like the taste, but I don't want him to go to some little tramp in his office that will do it for him."

Megan's voice was as soothing, as the woman's was strained, when she said, "Honey you don't ever have to do anything you don't want to do. That's the most important thing to remember, but if your only objection to swallowing is the taste, I can guide you through it. If you follow my instructions, you won't taste it at all.

"Just make sure the head of his cock is at the entrance to your throat when he shoots his load. As long as none of his spunk touches your tongue, you won't taste it." 

A moment later the woman returned to sleeping restfully.

~

I was impressed when I said, "Wow, that was impressive, is that how you do it? I mean, are you her spirit guide?"

This time I was sure there was a twinkle in her eyes when she looked at me, and the smile on her face was absolutely radiant, when she responded. She said, "Yes, I'm a spirit guide for any woman, who wants to show her man that she accepts all of him, but struggle with the taste of cum.

"There are so many women out there who love sucking their man's cock, but hate the taste of his sperm. So they won't have anything to do with the whole act."

After nodding knowingly I said, "I did not know that." In my best Johnny Carson voice.

Megan laughed as she took a few steps across the room, before she turned to face me again, and then said, "That was corny, but cute." She smirked while obviously thinking about something, before she continued speaking, saying, "What's the matter, I sensed that you needed me."

My brow furrowed before I could stop it, so I went with it and said, "So here in Luna's lair y'all communicate mostly with thoughts and feelings, am I right?"

Now Megan was striding toward me with a wanton look in her face. She stopped a couple of steps in front of me before responding, saying, "In here it's a woman's world."

"Duly noted," I said. And then I explained what I was thinking when I wanted to speak to her. I said, "I know you went over my powers, abilities, and responsibilities, but I'd like some real-world instructions on how to do this job.

"I have a portfolio that could affect the future of the supernatural world, and I can't afford to learn on the job. Would you take a look at my assignment and give me your thoughts on how you would go about accomplishing it?"

After I finished giving my spiel Megan turned and walked away from me again. She stood for a long moment with her back to me. I could tell she was breathing hard. She exhale loudly before she turned around took a wide stance, and then said, "I love a man who will ask for help when he doesn't know something. I'm so fucking turned on right now, you just don't know."

When I saw the fire in her eyes I'll admit I was a little taken aback. "Damn," I said. "Is it like that?"

"Yeah it is," she said, now walking towards me with a purpose. "I'm going to help you all I can, but first I have to suck your cock.'

And suddenly my clothes were gone, and Megan was on her knees in front of me. She looked at my manhood and smiled, before taking it into her hand. She lifted, and then pointed it to the right and left, really getting a good look at it. Next she used the tips of her fingers to lift my balls as though she was weighing them.

When she was done with her inspection, she looked up at me and said, "You've been truly blessed." Next she took my dick into her throat until it was balls deep.

If that wasn't good enough, I then felt her lick my nuts. Damn I said, only a goddess could do that. She was giving me a hands free blowjob. Her head was going back and forth causing her velvety smooth mouth to glide along my shaft. 

Every time she took me into her throat she added another coat of saliva to my cock. Soon her spit was dripping down her chin as she loudly slurped and sucked. 

At one point she released my dick from her mouth and just looked at it. Then she looked up at me and said, "I just love sucking cock."

I sure as hell believed her. I've been around plenty cocksuckers, and never seen one who looked like the loved sucking dick so much.

Next thing I knew she had my nuts in her mouth, gently sucking and tugging them. She was still working hands free. 

When she'd gotten her fill of my boys, she snuggled her face between my legs and took a sniff of my taint, before she spoke to me again. She said, "I'm going to suck you some more, and this time I want you to cum. Just tell me when you're close, so I can take your load in my throat. I don't like the taste of sperm."

~

When we were done, she was a different woman. All calm cool and collected again. The way she'd been during orientation. We spent quite a while discussing my mission an how to go about it.

When I told her what happened when Luna waved her hand, she said "That was her way of telling you where to start."

When I asked why I'd landed in Alpha Huck Finn's box of sex toys, she responded with a question and an answer. She said, "What's a man doing with sex toys?" and then she said, "You weren't just in the box, you were in one of the toys. Remember what I said in orientation. We will automatically take the form that is the most effective way for us to communicate with the person we're trying to reach."

Since the Rebel pack doesn't have a spiritual medium, Luna doesn't have a way of communicating with pack members or the Alpha, so she wanted you to try contacting him."

My suggestion is for you to infiltrate the Rebel pack and find a pure hearted wolf who will act on Luna's behalf.

If y'all can't change his heart then you must drive the Alpha away or kill him.

~

As I stood there reading the write-up on the Rebel pack, I paused for a moment to consider my new situation. I've spent a hundred and fifty years in the mortal world in life and afterlife, now what in the hell have I gotten myself into. Suddenly I'm in a world of Werewolves, Werecats, Witches, Vampires, and all sorts of people who actually do talk to spirits.

Then I reminded myself that I had ninety days to decide if this job is right for me, and Luna will make the determination if I'm right for the job.

I've got eighty nine days left, so I may as well try to accomplish my mission.

~~~

So off I went back to Rebel pack territory. 

From a few thousand feet above, everything looked calm and peaceful, but obviously it wasn't, or Luna wouldn't have sent me here. 

The Rebel pack's territory was mostly farm land, but very little of it was being worked by the pack. The living conditions were kind of a throwback, with everyone living in one huge house.

That was where I headed first. More precisely, I headed for his sex toys. I was still curious why Luna had sent me there in the first place. 

I was inside the box of toys for only a few minutes, when the Alpha's mate Becky Thatcher, opened it. Now I could see the stuff inside, there was a wand, a rabbit, a bullet, and a massive eight inch dong.

When she grabbed the rabbit vibrator, I hid inside of it. As she was walking back into the bedroom she said, "Good morning sweetie. Are you ready to have some fun?" Suddenly I felt like an idiot, this wasn't Alpha Finn's toy box, it was hers.

She was already buck naked and hot. I could smell the musky fragrance coming from her pussy, but I didn't know whether to be excited or terrified. After considering the worst thing that could happen, would be she was into anal. I could definitely live with that. I smiled at the thought of being shoved up her bunghole.

The first thing she did after sitting on the bed was turn me on, to make sure my batteries still worked. "That makes sense," I thought. Satisfied I'd have enough stamina to do the job; she lay back on a pile of pillows and licked me, before putting the head of me in her mouth. That felt good, but feeling her suck me felt better.

When she flipped my switch to on again and adjusted me, I started to get excited. I'd been called a dick plenty times, but I'd never actually been a cock before.

Her soft hand was wrapped around me as she dragged me along her crease. I felt pleasure all over my body as she slid me back and forth, using me to part her lips. She moved me all around down there, causing her coarse and curly hair to tickle me.

When she pressed me to her clitoris, I imagined that I was licking it. She held me there for several minutes as she got herself good and worked up. When she started to worked me further down south again, I knew it was the moment of truth. There's been plenty times I've wanted to get all up inside the pussy I was fucking. I was about to get my wish.

A moment later she'd stuck the tip of me inside her channel. It was dark, wet, and the scent of her musk was overwhelming. I loved it as she pushed me in deeper and deeper. She was soft and lumpy in there.

Over the next little while she worked me in and out, and circled me all about. My tongue was working her clit, as my tip rotated and rubbed her g-spot. Damn was I having fun, and obviously so was she. She'd use me to fuck her pussy for a while, before taking me out and using me to rub me from her clit to her pucker.

She never shoved me in her back door though, much to my disappointment. Of course I understood why it had to be that way, so it was all good.

After she'd spent a few seconds, smearing her juices all around, she always put me back inside of her. The last time she seated me, I felt her walls tighten, and then she pushed me into her, as deep as I could reach. When I felt myself touch her cervix, she came all over me. It was like diving into a soft container of warm chocolate syrup.

When she was sated, she laid back on her pile of pillows, and dozed off to sleep in post- coital bliss. I knew this was the perfect time to talk with her. I spoke in a comforting voice when I said, "Becky, Luna the moon goddess sent me."

Before I could finish reading my prepared remarks, she interrupted me, asking, "Have you come to save me? I've been praying that she would rescue me from this horrible man."

Color me shocked, I didn't see that coming, in fact I said, "Come again." And then she repeated what she'd said. That's when I understood what Megan had said about why Luna had sent me here. 
