 The legend was true! Amanda watched in amazement as white smoke billowed from the amulet. Shapes could be seen in the rising cloud, sounds heard from the mist. Stars long dead and stars not yet born could be glimpsed through the wisps, dancing together in a time that never happened. 

And then the cloud collapsed in on itself, coalescing, taking on form and color. Flesh and bone, hair and sweat, woven from the fabric of the universe by magics so ancient their origins were forgotten. When the spell was finished, a tall, naked man stood before Amanda, looking at a world he hadn't seen in thousands of years. 

"Corvan Ki Pastwah," she said, speaking the ancient name. He flinched and grimaced at the sound, the deep ritual bonding him in slavery to the diminutive young woman. And the bonding opened her words to him, the modern language instantly written on his freshly-formed brain. 

"I am your servant," said the genie, angry and resentful, but with no choice but to obey.

"How long were you trapped in that amulet?" Amanda asked. 

"Foolish Mistress!" spat the genie. "I was not in the amulet. It is merely a calling piece. Wherever I wander, in this Universe or others, that amulet has the power to bring me back to this one world and into servitude to the one who called me.

"So command me, my Mistress. For what purpose have you called me from my journeys? Something petty, no doubt. You wish to be prettier? Taller? Richer? Remember that you get only one wish. Spend it wisely."

But Amanda had made her plans carefully. From the moment she'd first suspected the amulet truly existed, she'd been developing a strategy. And now she had a list. Every superhero she could think of was on the list, even the ones she thought were stupid. Witches, wizards, time-travelers, and immortals were well-represented. Monsters, shape-changers, and villains had even found a home on her wish list. 

Now, she handed her list over to the genie. Trying not to be distracted by the fact that he was a very well-formed, exquisitely endowed naked man, she addressed him. "Oh, Mighty Genie, I wish to possess in reality all the supernatural powers and wisdoms belonging to the fictional people on this list, with no limits, penalties, or special equipment required."

The genie narrowed his eyes as he thought over her words. "Clever," he finally admitted. "There doesn't seem to be a way to turn this against you. Your wish is granted."

With a respectful bow, the genie vanished in a cloud of perfumed smoke. The amulet was somewhere on the basement floor, but Amanda couldn't see it. It was a mystical key with no true physical existence. Only those who believed in the key could see it or touch it. And for those who had used it, it was gone forever. 

But she could feel the new abilities surging within her. As a test, she made herself invisible and went back up the stairs. The museum patrons saw her clothes, but could not see her within them. It was a treat and a delight for the visitors of the Magic and Illusion Museum, where the amulet had hidden for the past forty years. But Amanda considered it a risky mistake. She wanted to have fun with this, not attract attention. With a thought, she turned her clothes to sparkly dust and vanished from the museum. 

She reappeared, naked but invisible, in the men's locker room at the Body Up Health Club. And she had jumped forward an hour and forty-five minutes. Her trainer, Samuel, would be going off duty about now. 

Sure enough, Samuel came into the locker room, looking as delectable as ever. Six-foot four, fit and toned, skin bronzed by his natural heritage. Four times, Amanda had asked him out. Four times, he had turned her down. He was not allowed to date members of the club. 

But now, she got to watch him undress, revealing that beautifully masculine form to her greedy eyes. Amanda's dirty little secret was that she was a cock hound. She loved the penis. Worshipped it. Little ones, big ones, bent ones, they all had her fascination. 

She watched, drooling, as Samuel stripped out of his clothes and walked naked to the urinals. The other men gave him annoyed and angry looks. Even in the locker room, casual nudity was frowned upon. Nudity was appropriate in the shower or while changing clothes only. 

But Amanda rushed over to stand next to him while he peed. She knelt down on the tile floor and stared at his dick as the urine poured out of it. Her love of the penis extended to everything that came out of it. Piss and cum were magical fluids to her. 

She took on a ghost form and pushed her face through the porcelain of the urinal. The hot piss stream went through her cheek, her tongue, and her chin before going down the drain. She could taste the salt and smell the sanitary cake and both were glorious.

But in ghost form, she could retain nothing. The piss did not stay in her mouth. She had no physical reservoir to hold onto it. When Samuel was done, he shook his dick twice to flick off extra drops, then he went to shower.

He chose a shower stall in the corner. There was a hook for towels and a shelf for toiletries, but he had brought neither. He turned on the hot water and stepped under the spray, letting the heat and pressure massage sore muscles.

Amanda once again dropped to her knees to stare at his cock. No longer ghostly, just invisible, she reached out and touched him lightly with one finger. The flow of the water would probably hide the feel of her touch. Even if he did feel it, he would probably dismiss it.

When Samuel didn't react, she grew bolder. She leaned carefully forward and licked him. Wet tongue, wet water, he might not notice. 

He shuddered at the contact, however. He definitely felt the stroke of her tongue. Samuel looked down at his dick and tried to brush away whatever was touching him. Amanda had to back off quickly to avoid his hand. 

But she couldn't stop herself from doing it again, and then again. A hanging dick, inches from her face, was just too tempting to resist. She decided to just go for it. Amanda grabbed Samuel's wrist to keep him from hitting her and used her other hand to take hold of his dick. 

Samuel's eyes went wide with fear and alarm. He probably thought he was having some kind of psychological episode, but Amanda wasn't too worried about him. She stroked his dick to soothe him. Under the warm water, it would probably feel fantastic. 

And her optimism proved to be correct. In less than five seconds, he had decided that the handjob felt too good to worry overmuch about who might be giving it. Amanda let go of his hand and Samuel reached down to feel her hair and face. She stood up and let him feel her tits and drop his hand down to rub her pussy. She stood under the shower for a moment to let the water cascade over her and highlight her shape, making her briefly visible.

Amanda touched his shoulder and guided him to turn slightly, toward the wall and away from the other men in the gym shower. He was starting to get a boner under her stroking fingers and it wouldn't do for the others to see it. 

Once he was sufficiently hidden, she dropped back down to her knees and took him in her mouth. He groaned at the feel and wrapped his fingers in her hair. He was probably proving to himself that there really was a person there, even if he couldn't see her. But he was a man. And men will nearly always accept a blowjob, even from an invisible girl or a figment of his imagination. 

Amanda sucked hard on the head of Samuel's cock. And she stroked him with her hand. And she tickled his balls with her fingers. She loved the feel of him in her mouth. She loved the heavy weight of stiff penis on her tongue. She had a very poor opinion of men in general, but that stiff rod of flesh between his legs, that unique organ that made a man male, was something she adored. 

And there was only one thing better than feeling a hard dick in her mouth. Amanda released him, grabbed his shoulders, and hoisted herself up. She felt his cock drag down her belly until he was right where she wanted him. Then she carefully lowered herself, with all the precise coordination of a superhero or a Jedi Knight, piercing her needy flesh with his manly spear. 

"Fuck me," the invisible girl whispered in Samuel's ear. He could feel her arms around his shoulders, her legs around his waist, her breath on the side of his face, and her tight, wet cunt squeezing his cock. 

Nobody in the shower could see the girl riding his dick. She rose up, exposing him to the air, then sank back down, taking him into herself once more. Even Samuel couldn't see her. He could see his own cock, hard and throbbing, sticking up at an odd angle, held in position by the pussy it penetrated. And he could see that it looked misshapen, squeezed in an unseen pussy, making it look longer but thinner as it filled the invisible girl's deep places. 

But he couldn't complain. It felt damn good. And if he dared to announce that a ghost was molesting him, he'd be in a straightjacket within the hour. So he stayed silent. He grabbed the invisible hips and pushed Amanda up against the wall, fucking her hard. 

The chubby accountant in Shower #7 was watching him with alarm and curiosity, so Samuel let go of the naked, unseen hips and pretended his movements were part of an exercise routine. "Sore muscles," Samuel weakly defended himself, knowing that the strange motions could not be explained away so easily. 

But the invisible girl was holding tight to him and she was pressed to the wall. So Samuel put his hands on the wall over her shoulders and leaned against her as he very slowly fucked her. Unless someone was staring at him, he would simply appear to be enjoying the hot water. If they were staring at him, their actions were as inappropriate as his own.

Amanda was barely aware of the drama. She was too busy feeling the dick inside her. She'd orgasmed at the first penetration. She'd orgasmed at the third thrust. She'd orgasmed when he'd stopped and pressed her against the wall, his cock lodged deep and pulsing. She was starting her fifth orgasm before the first had even finished.

And she discovered that she could look down, through her own invisible body, and watch herself getting fucked. That thick, beautiful cock plumbing her cunt was well-lit under the shower fluorescents. Samuel's hips rocked forward, the cock rose, and Amanda felt it go deep. Samuel retreated, the cock pulled back, and Amanda felt it leaving her. It was a special kind of porn. She could watch Samuel's body in every detail, performing as if alone, buried, but visible inside her deep female crevice, and yet she could feel every motion at the same time. 

And then, to Amanda's delight, Samuel came. She watched his semen spurting up into her, seeming to float in the air as it flowed through her body. Amanda loved having a man's cum in her cunt. To be able to see the stuff, taking the very shape of her, was an exquisite experience. 

But Samuel was going to start asking questions soon. A man's brain shuts down when he's thinking about sex or engaged in sex. But after orgasm, he can think again. Amanda was not about to explain why she was invisible, or naked, or in the men's locker room, or having sex with a man who wasn't expecting her. And she was certainly not going to confide her name. 

She grabbed the shower head, and pulled herself up and off Samuel's big cock. He reached for her, but she was faster than any human alive. In less than a second, she was out the door, running naked and wet down the road. 

Amanda glanced down at herself and thrilled at the blob of cum zooming over the avenue at eighty-five miles an hour. She had to stop finally and just watch it as it slowly turned invisible, becoming a permanent part of her. Only then did she allow herself the luxury of becoming visible again. 

Amanda wasn't quite ready to create herself some clothing. She liked being naked. And she loved the honks and shouts from appreciative drivers passing by. But wandering the highway wasn't part of the adventure she was designing for herself. And she could do better than Samuel. 

Vincent Baleo, lead singer of the band Padua was Amanda's major celebrity crush. Yesterday, he was far, far beyond her reach. But today, Amanda had powers. She concentrated on the particular powers she wanted to use, and one moment later, she was in Vincent's dressing room before, hoping to find him as he readied for his Atlanta concert. That particular concert was two months in the past, but that was no problem for Amanda's new talents.

This time, instead of invisibility, Amanda had chosen to shrink down to the size of an ant. She wouldn't be noticed, but could move in very, very close.

The room was empty, but she could hear the shower running and Vincent's unmistakeable voice as he did warmup vocal exercises. 

Amanda had always wanted to go to a Padua concert, and had dreamed of being a groupie. Now she was here. Vincent's costume was draped across the bed. As the shower quit, Amanda had a sudden inspiration. She leapt to the bed and crawled inside her idol's underwear.

When Vincent emerged from the restroom, naked and wet, Amanda peered out from the leg hole of his briefs, and got a nice long look. Her hero deserved her worship. His penis was of impressive size, almost intimidating. For a moment, Amanda considered revealing herself and inviting Vincent to fuck her. Her loins tingled and lubed in anticipation of taking that monster into herself. But she had other plans. 

The rock star finished drying his delectable masculine body and grabbed up his underwear. It was the scariest amusement park ride Amanda had ever been on. She clung tight to the fabric, fearing for her life, as Vincent swiftly dropped it almost to the floor, slipped one foot, then the other into the garment, violently tossing her this way and that in his hurry to dress. 

But her ride was well-rewarded. The briefs became a hammock, rising swiftly up between Vincent's legs. Amanda lay on her back, looking upward with joy and anticipation as the manly parts of her favorite rock star came closer and closer, finally pressing down onto her tiny self like boulders in an avalanche, the wrinkly skin of his scrotum covering her like a furry blanket.

The briefs were snug. Amanda was crushed tight against Vincent's balls, a thoroughly enjoyable discomfort for her. But she wanted more than just his balls. Slowly, she pulled herself up, higher and higher, feeling the scrape of his fuzzy little hairs on her face and neck and tits and legs. She climbed up the slope of his balls and tucked herself between his testicles and his dick. 

He had a slight erection, creating a small space for her to move around in just behind his cock, on top of the balls. This was a real man cave, surrounding her completely with male flesh and male scent. Amanda stood on his sack and kissed the giant cock as high as she could reach. She spread her arms as wide as they would go and hugged it. It was like hugging the face of a cliff, the dick was so much bigger than she was. She knelt down and buried her face in the crinkly skin of his balls, then rolled on the top of them, feeling Vincent's musky sweat coating her, seeping into her skin. 

It was dark in her cave, and sounds were muffled, but her senses were heightened. Amanda knew when Vincent finished dressing and headed out to the backstage area. She knew when the opening act completed its set. She was thrilled when Vincent and the band went out onstage and began their show. 

It was the best seat she'd ever had. Amanda closed her eyes and lay back on the cushion of Vincent's testicles and let the music flow through her. She stared at the enormous cock serving as her roof and felt a strong need to touch herself. 

Cozy and snug in her soft, warm bower, Amanda deeply inhaled the masculine scent of cock and balls. She scooted up the soft male cushion until the back of her head was resting on the top of Vincent's scrotum and his dick covered her forehead and face. She licked the massive cock and inserted a finger inside herself. 

Amanda's pussy was wetter than it had ever been. Some of that was probably Samuel's cum. He'd really dumped a major load in her. But most of he wetness was her own excitement. She loved licking a man's cock and tickling his balls with her fingers. But she could lick this cock for years and never cover it all, and she could do snow angels on Vincent's balls. It was the greatest experience of her entire life. And there was still more to come.

Amanda had picked this particular concert because she had seen concert footage posted on the band's website. As the concert had come to a close, Vincent had pointed at two random groupies in the crowd and invited them onstage. In front of thousands of screaming fans, he'd fondled both girls, stripped them to bras and panties, and gotten them to kiss each other. And when the concert was over, he'd taken them backstage.

Tucked behind Vincent's dick, she wasn't aware of the exact moment when the two girls were chosen from the crowd, but she was pretty sure he had his hands on their firm young bodies when she felt the hot pulsing on her forehead as the flesh swelled and Vincent's enormous penis got even bigger. She got a little extra breathing room as Vincent started to tentpole his briefs.

Amanda missed the feel of his cock smashing her down against his balls, but watching that erection grow and lift was quite a sight to see. She fucked herself with four fingers as she stared at that mighty feat of engineering. 

She had brought herself to several orgasms before Vincent got a chance to use that lovely monster. When the briefs came down, both groupies were kneeling at his feet, staring adoringly up into his face. Amanda was still tucked underneath his cock, watching wide-eyed as the girls took turns taking him into their mouths. 

The redhead had some mad skills at this business. Vincent was not a small man, but she took him all the way down her throat. She held him there, winking up at him as she swallowed him deep. The groupie had taken him so deep, she was practically kissing his balls. Amanda leaned out and pressed a kiss of her own on the lower lip of the talented redhead.

The brunette, when it came to her turn, was not a sword-swallower. She was a cat. She cleaned Vincent's penis with her tongue. She went up and down the shaft, licking and kissing and nuzzling. Amanda admired the technique. A girl can turn her mouth and throat into another pussy, but what's the point? Most guys are fine with sticking it in the real pussy. But what the pussy lacks is a tongue. And those pretty, pretty lips guarding the entrance to the cunt cannot kiss or hum or suck. 

The redhead had mastered a wonderful circus act. Watching her deep throat would stiffen dicks and wet pussies. The redhead was a fine performer. But the brunette was a cock-worshipper. And Amanda loved her deeply for it. 

After each girl had taken at least two turns, they found a way to cooperate. The redhead fucked her own face with Vincent's cock, pushing her head back and forth, taking him in and out. And whenever the redhead pulled, the brunette licked his exposed shaft. When the redhead took him deep, the brunette licked his balls.

Amanda held on tight to Vincent's balls as the brunette's tongue came searching and swabbing her hidden cave. And in one terrifying moment, the agile tongue swept Amanda out of her hiding place and into the girl's mouth. 

Amanda fought to orient herself and avoid being swallowed. With great effort, she managed to slip down between the lips and teeth until an opportunity came to escape. She waited until the tongue withdrew briefly, then she jumped up to crouch in the opening of the brunette girl's mouth. When the tongue went back into action, Amanda was pushed out onto Vincent's cock.
