 Surprising Change

***Two Weeks Later***

Kennice sat in the rocking chair next to the window and stared off into the distance. Though her body was completely healed and didn't ache any more, her heart was a different story. Not one word had she heard from Cyrus since the night of their lovemaking. Fighting off Kaie during the dawn hours was somewhat a blur for her. She remembered trying to wake Cyrus and the arrival of Brenna. She remembered the shockwave that had flung everyone outward and the pain of the tree branch impaling her flesh. Lots of pain and then Rhys, Henry and Brenna around her. Everything in between was missing but from what Rhys, Erykia and Henry had told her, it was probably better that she had been unconscious. 

She was feeling uncertain now. The dreams that the mysterious voice had shown her weighed heavily on her soul. Was that to be Cyrus' fate? Was that evil beast Kaie going to steal Cyrus away from those who loved him and turn him into the cruel man she had seen in the dreams? She shuddered and closed her eyes. Oh Cyrus, where are you? Her thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door.

"Come." She kept her eyes shut. She heard the door open and knew that it was Rhys who had entered.

"How are you feeling?" He stopped a few feet away from her.

"I'm fine. Just tired. I am waiting on our high priestess' verdict on whether or not the fertility rite was successful. If it was not, we must do it again. I'm not sure I could stomach another try."

"Are you saying that because you want Cyrus to be the only one to touch you?"

"I," she blushed and fell silent.

"Look, Ke, I've been thinking quite a bit about what happened at the fertility rite. Hell I've been thinking about the way I've been acting and I realize now that I've been a jerk."

"Try asshole," she replied, her eyes open and searching his face for any hint of treachery. "You're right. Asshole is more correct," he agreed with a grimace. "I don't know what got into me to be perfectly honest with you. I guess I was jealous because all you ever talked about was Cyrus and how wonderful he was. You never even gave me the time of day. I'm human and humble enough to admit that my ego was bruised. I looked at Cyrus and tried my hardest to figure out what the hell you saw in him that you couldn't find in me."

"He doesn't talk down to me. He actually listens to what I'm saying. And he makes me feel like I'm the person I want to be."

"And I've done the opposite." He took the last few steps to her and dropped down to his knees. "Kennice, please. I want another chance. I want to show you that I do have those qualities in me. That I can be a better man than what I am now. When we, I almost lost you..." he turned away, his voice choked with emotion. He visibly struggled with his emotions before getting them under control enough to continue speaking.

"When I almost lost you to that crazed dragon it hit me hard how much time I had wasted doing stupid, harmful things. I prayed to the powers that be that if they helped you live, I would change. I would stop being the asshole you know and become the man who is worthy of your hand in marriage."

She gaped at him. She couldn't believe that the arrogant, almighty Rhys was admitting he was wrong. Not only that but he was apologizing. She waited a moment for the heavens to open up and for him to be struck for lightning for lying. When nothing happened and the silence had grown a little uncomfortable she realized he was telling the truth.

"Rhys, I don't know. I need time to think. Yes time to think."

"I understand. All I ask is that you give me a second chance to woo you the right way."

"Rhys." She could only stare at him in confusion. She was wavering.

"Sh, you don't have to make any major decisions right now. Just rest. All I ask is that the over the next six weeks you let me show you my sensitive side."

She gazed into his eyes. He was in earnest. And her conscience would forever plague her if she told him no because she had always been taught that everyone is redeemable if they chose to change. He seemed to be sincere.

"Yes."

He stared at her. "Yes, as is in yes I may court you?"

"Yes, Rhys, that's what I'm saying." She smiled tentatively at him.

He grinned broadly and kissed her hand. "Thank you! I promise to be the perfect gentleman. She blushed as he came to his feet and gave her a courtly bow before leaving the room. She looked back out the window and watched as a pack of geese flew by.

*  *  *

Erykia stared into the pool of water and snarled. What the hell? She should have known that Rhys would fall for the little bitch just like everyone else seemed to do. He had been the best protégé, even better than Anthony. But now he was thinking with his cock and not with the ruthlessness she had instilled with him. Love, what did he or any of them know of love? She scoffed at his actions. He was as hopeless as Cyrus but only one of them was going to end up with Kennice. She stared moodily at the image of Kennice's face and plotted.