 In the future, robotics and advanced A.I. become a ubiquitous part of society, aiding mankind in all facets of everyday life. However, they still retained the cold impersonal look of a machine until a new development rocketed over the uncanny valley. Grown rather than built, this new kind of being was made possible by hacking the human genome and combining biology with nanomachines: cyborgs down to the cellular level, but outwardly perfectly human in appearance. Too perfect, in fact. Over concerns of the new artificial people posing as real humans, world governments quickly acted to require that they all be made to possess a clearly visible non-human trait, which was accomplished in a variety of ways by drawing upon both fanciful fiction and animal DNA. Now, they live and work among us, programmed to serve. You can even have sex with them. These are some of their stories. These are the

CYBORGANIC BIOROID CHRONICLES

The one constant in nearly everybody's life during their student years is a stint working in fast food. I'm no exception. You'd think in this day and age all those kids would have been obsoleted by bioroids, but it turns out restaurants staffed entirely by bioroids are rarer than you'd think. The burger place I work at, it's part of an old national chain, you've heard of it, only has one. I asked my boss, Mr. Walters, about it once. He told me, "Shit, kid, do you have any idea how expensive those things are? She's cost-effective because paying overtime to cover the overnight shift is a bitch. Beyond that I'd much rather dish out minimum wage."

So our bioroid co-worker, Alison is her name, has the appearance of also being student age, slim, large but not oversized tits, wavy blonde hair to just past her shoulders, and gray eyes with flecks of blue. Her bioroid "trait" is ear antennae. She has human ears, but the center part is covered by little white pod things with some colored lights on them. The pods extend forward a little bit out of her ears and connect to thin strips of the same white material that run from just above her chin, up the sides of her jaw and past the front of her ears, then straight up through her hair a little bit and pointing up on either side of her head, extending about an inch or so past what would be level with the top of her head. I asked Mr. Walters about that, too. He said, "People come in here for food, they don't want to be staring at goofy ears or a funny forehead. She's a robot girl, she should look like one."

Oh, and there's one more thing, she is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. Most guys, when they stroke their cock in bed at night, or in the shower, or sitting on the toilet, they think about a girl from school, or maybe a hot young teacher, or some celebrity actress or singer. For me, ever since I started working here, it's always been Alison. I can't get her out of my mind. If she were a human girl, I'd probably be telling you about how I finally worked up the courage to ask her out on a date. Well, no such luck. She never even leaves the restaurant. She works 24 hours a day, seven days a week, no holidays, no vacations. She recharges during those dead hours in the middle of the night, but even then she's always ready to serve a customer should one appear. I would spend my shifts sneaking longing glances at her, and get tongue-tied while talking to her, all the usual stupidity when a guy crushes hard on a girl, all for nothing. Not a damn thing could ever happen between us, or so I thought.

My shift today started like any other day. I arrived in the early afternoon, after the lunch rush had died down. I put my uniform stuff on, and set out into the part-time grind. As soon as I saw her, I said, "Hi, Alison," with that same hopeful, puppy love tone I always did. Dumb, I know. Just a victim of my hormones overriding rational thought.

Programmed for politeness of course, Alison returned the greeting with a smile as she always does, "Hi, Steve." This time though, her smile seemed to linger just a little longer than usual, and her eyes met mine. She wasn't just glancing at me in passing, she was looking at me, really looking. Then the moment passed, and she moved on to finish collecting the food she needed to fill an order. I convinced myself that I had imagined it. I'd certainly daydreamed about that and more countless times.

Pretty soon I realized I hadn't imagined it after all. I found myself staring at her, like always. Undressing her with my eyes, imagining the curves of her body, the shape of her perfect breasts, and she looked back at me and smiled. Shit. Instinct made me look away, pretend I hadn't been ogling her. That must be what you do when a girl catches you staring. She'd never caught me before, or at least she'd never let on. Then it happened again. Seriously, I just can't help myself. I looked away again. There was something about her smile, it wasn't just the cheerful server or friendly co-worker smile. It looked almost... sly. No, that's stupid. Surely this time I really was imagining things.

The next time she caught me staring, it was the sly smile and a wink. A wink! My heart started beating faster as the adrenaline released into my system. Fucking hell. Something strange was going on and it was making me nervous, scared even. I know that guys are supposed to be intimidated by the fairer sex sometimes, so this was... normal? Normal for me, maybe, but for Alison, not at all.

I was almost afraid to look at her again, but then again the morbid curiosity was starting to form as well. In the end I just forgot either way and ogled her out of sheer habit. Her response this time was to lean her hips away from me while sliding her near leg towards me a little. Was she striking a sexy pose for me? It was subtle, and over quickly to keep anybody else from noticing. This, finally, moved me past nervous and started to enter horny territory. My cock began to stir in my pants. A couple sexy leg poses later and my hard-on was firmly established, no pun intended, although that is a good one, isn't it. Next she thrust her chest forward for me, and then the next one she pushed her ass back, with one hand moving tantalizingly up her leg.

By now the dinner rush was upon us, the number of employees on shift increasing steadily as the afternoon had progressed and now reaching its peak. Even Mr. Walters gets on food duty at this point. Things get just as crowded behind the counter and in the kitchen as they are waiting in line to order and collect your meal. We bump into each other back there now and then, of course. No big deal, obviously. Alison, however, took this as an opportunity to escalate things another notch. I felt her breasts pressing into my shoulder as she reached past me to grab some fries. Still slightly in denial about what was going on, I figured these things happen and I just got lucky standing in the way at the right time. They felt amazing, by the way, soft and pliable, compressing against my body. My cock felt like it was ready to burst out of my pants right there.

It wasn't long before I felt her breasts against me once more, this time square into my back as she came up directly behind me to reach for a burger. It soon became clear she was going out of her way to reach past me and press her breasts against me rather than walk around, wait for me to move, or even to ask me to pass over whatever she needed. Yet if anyone else saw her, why, she just needed that dessert over there, it would have looked like a perfectly innocent reach. Usually I can't wait for a meal rush to end, this time I wished it could go on all evening. Sadly, that couldn't be. As the dinner hours ended, the staff started thinning out again and Mr. Walters retreated to his office to run the day's numbers, reorder things we were low on, and whatever the hell else he does to keep things running. Alison, for her part, went back to smiles and winks and possibly a hungry-looking gleam in her eye.

I had drawn the late shift today, which meant other than Alison I was to be the last employee in the place during the calmer early night hours. Mr. Walters went home for the night, then what was left of the rest of the employees did also. At this point I'd had plenty of chances to pull Alison aside and ask what was going on with her today, but I was afraid that actually acknowledging it would somehow cause the spell to break, so to speak, and there would be some stupid reason why everything was actually the exact opposite of what it seemed.

A slow trickle of customers remained, but eventually the last of them left as well. Now it really was just the two of us in the building. I wasn't sure if that meant the end of it or if it had been just a prelude to what was about to happen. My cock was straining to burst free of my pants over the latter possibility, though the part of my brain not controlled by sex was dwelling on the former. I didn't see Alison around, and figured she was off cleaning something. I decided to do the same and ventured back into the kitchen area.

Alison was there, but she wasn't cleaning. I guess she was lying in wait for me, because as soon as she saw me, she grabbed me by the shoulders and pulled me close to her. Her soft yet firm breasts squeezed against my chest, her lips inches from mine. "Thank goodness we're finally alone," she said. Acting on pure instinct, without thinking about it at all, I kissed her. I kissed her with an urgency and hunger that I'd never known, and she kissed back with just as much vigor. Our tongues danced together, moving back and forth between my mouth and hers. I totally lost track of time. Five minutes? Ten? More? Eventually my head came down from the clouds long enough to realize I could be doing much more with my hands. I had been holding her as we intensely made out, but now I let them roam, specifically towards Alison's breasts. I gave them a gentle squeeze, and they felt amazing.

Alison took this as a cue to push me away. I was disappointed and worried that I'd done something wrong, but only briefly as she pulled her shirt and bra off. I figured I should follow suit and removed my shirt as well, then I focused on her now naked, and absolutely heavenly breasts. My hands returned to them, followed by my mouth, as I leaned down to suck on her nipples while I fondled them. Alison leaned back and moaned softly in appreciation as my lips and tongue played across her majestic mounds.

I felt her hand go to my cock, grabbing it through my pants and giving it a nice squeeze. I moaned and started getting them off so she could have full access. Alison took hers off as well, and I finally got my first view of her pussy. It was hairless and beautiful. She lowered herself to the padded rubber mat on the floor and motioned for me to join her. The reality of the situation suddenly reasserted itself. "Wait, what if a customer comes?" I said.

Alison tapped her forehead and said, "I have the wifi feed of all the cameras. If a vehicle enters the parking lot, I'll see it. I can get dressed really quickly."

"Are there cameras inside too?" I asked, slightly worried.

"Only in the front. Not back here," she answered as she took hold of my rock hard cock and gently pulled me down to the floor with her. I came down over her and guided my cock to her waiting pussy. I hesitated briefly, just appreciating the moment and whatever miracle had led me to it. "Something wrong?" she asked.

"No, not at all. Well, this is my first time doing this part," I admitted. Okay, yeah, I was a virgin. Oh sure, I'd made out with plenty of girls, groped a good share of tits and sucked on a few of them. With one girlfriend I even got as far as oral, I licked her pussy and she sucked my cock. I'd never gone after sex like it was the only goal though, I'd never treated it like there was any urgency to losing my virginity.

Alison just smiled. "You still know what to do though, right?" she asked. Shit, what a perfect girl, she wasn't making a big deal of it at all. I nodded and pushed right into her. We moaned together as I started slowly thrusting my cock in and out. Her pussy felt incredible, so soft, warm, tight and wet. I wish I could say I lasted longer. It's not like I had a hair trigger, but I came fairly quickly, grunting as my semen spurted into her cunt. She smiled and pushed me off of her, then dove for my cock, taking it into her mouth, sucking the mixture of my cum and her juices off and slowly bringing my erection back to life. Once I was fully hard again, she turned around on all fours, presented her pussy to me again, and said, "Ready for another go?"

I answered with my cock sinking all the way into her and fucking her from behind with new stamina. With my load freshly drained, I was good for a while, and Alison used it fully to her advantage, encouraging me to go faster and harder, calling out, "Yes, yes, fuck me Steve, give it to me, I need your cock so bad, pound that pussy with your big cock, baby yes oh God yes!" Her moans reached a crescendo and her pussy pulsed around my cock as she reached orgasm. I stopped moving with my cock still buried in her pussy. She looked back over her shoulder at me with a big smile on her face and asked, "Want to try the other hole too?" Well shit, who can turn that down?

I pulled out and moved my cock up to her asshole. It gave way easily as I pushed in, she clearly knew how to take it up the rear even though it was my first time giving. This was a whole different feeling than her pussy, a different kind of tight and warm. She moaned and started talking dirty again, "Yes, fuck that ass, oh shit your cock feels so good ramming my ass."

"Oh baby, take my big hard cock up that tight asshole, ooohhhh yes," I replied. Well, you get the idea. I reached down for a handful of titty as I fucked her rear entry, and finally my second blast of cum sprayed up inside her. I pulled out and sat down, leaning against the wall, and I pulled Alison onto my lap and kissed her again. "That was amazing. You are amazing," I said.

"Mmmm, I'm so glad it was you on the late shift today. I've been so horny all day and with the way you always look at me I just knew you'd give me the nice hard fuck I needed," Alison said. Ha, so she had noticed. Why today, though? I know how bioroids work, they have a control pad where you can turn their sex drive off and on, and run up it to maximum, and... uh oh. If her sex drive was normally off, there's only one man with access to turn it on: Mr. Walters.

"Do you... and Mr. Walters have sex too?" I asked.

"Sure. He comes in during the overnight hours usually once or twice a week and we fuck in his office," she replied.

"And did this happen last night?" I said. Alison nodded in affirmative as she cuddled against me. Oh shit. I'd just banged my boss's sex doll because he'd accidentally left her slut mode on. "You're... not going to tell him about this, are you?"

"Tell him about what?" she said.

"Exactly. This never happened," I said.

"Mmmm, it sure felt good for something that didn't happen," she said, and then kissed me again. That kissed lasted for a few minutes, and then abruptly stopped when, as predicted, she saw a car pull in. She indeed got dressed fast, washed her hands quickly and went out front to take the order. I pulled on my clothes as well. There wasn't actually much time left in my shift at that point. Alison and I shared one last, long, lingering kiss and I went home with a shit-eating grin on my face. Part-time fast food is the best job in the world.

- - -