 In the future, robotics and advanced A.I. become a ubiquitous part of society, aiding mankind in all facets of everyday life. However, they still retained the cold impersonal look of a machine until a new development rocketed over the uncanny valley. Grown rather than built, this new kind of being was made possible by hacking the human genome and combining biology with nanomachines: cyborgs down to the cellular level, but outwardly perfectly human in appearance. Too perfect, in fact. Over concerns of the new artificial people posing as real humans, world governments quickly acted to require that they all be made to possess a clearly visible non-human trait, which was accomplished in a variety of ways by drawing upon both fanciful fiction and animal DNA. Now, they live and work among us, programmed to serve. You can even have sex with them. These are some of their stories. These are the

CYBORGANIC BIOROID CHRONICLES

"Open Late, Part 2"

I arrived at the restaurant and clocked in, same as any other shift at my part-time fast food job. What can I say, there's not much else available to a college student. Pretty much all of us there are college and high school students, except for Alison, the bioroid with "bot" style ear antennae. Being near her was the highlight of this job, especially since last week when she revealed that she had noticed my crush on her all along, and returned my affections by taking my virginity on the kitchen floor.

Well, okay, that's overstating it a little. It seems my boss Mr. Walters used her as a fuck toy rather frequently, and that day had forgotten to take her back out of horny sexbot mode. That left her with a craving for cock and I was the most convenient provider. It was a dream come true for me, and since that night we had a shared secret, expressed through knowing glances at each other while fetching burgers for customers. Well, I was probably just imagining that on her part, but I had fallen pretty hard for her.

I looked around for her, as always, and didn't see her. It was still early though, the afternoon lull, and I was scheduled to work through the dinner period. There was plenty of time to be around my angel. "Hey Steve, Walters is waiting for you in his office. Said to send you in there as soon as you got here," said one of my coworkers as he brushed past me. Shit, that's never a good thing. It couldn't be about that, though. Could it?

I went to the back room office and knocked on the closed door. "That you, Steve?" came his gruff voice from within.

"Yes," I said.

"Then get your ass in here and close the door behind you," he said. As I opened the door I could see that the lights were off inside the small office. Some light spilled in from the outside, but I had the door closed again before I could actually process what I saw. As soon as the door latched closed, Mr. Walters flicked a lamp on and I could see everything clearly. I could see all of her clearly, that is, Alison's naked body, bent over his desk. "Now lock it," he said. I just stood there, dumbfounded. "I said lock the door, kid, you want someone else seeing this?" I shook my head and locked the door.

"Alright, go ahead and get your cock out, you can have her mouth first," he said while rising from his chair and freeing his own hard cock from his pants.

"What... what?" I stammered.

"Jesus, kid, it's only been a week, you forgotten how to fuck her already?" said Mr. Walters.

"But, but, you told him? You said you wouldn't!" I protested, looking down at Alison.

She just smiled back up at me with a grin and a lustful glint in her eye, while Mr. Walters answered, "Whatever she said to give you that idea, remember, these bioroids can be rather literal. Gotta be explicit about stuff. Besides, I'm her owner, she can't keep secrets from me. I asked her if anything happened and she told me what she did with you. Now get that cock in her mouth. Always wanted to have a go sharing her with somebody."

I did as I was told, and frankly it was a relief to get my now raging hard-on out of my pants and between her eager lips. Mr. Walters stood behind her and pushed his own rod into her pussy, and we both started fucking her as she moaned softly. "So you're not mad about it?" I asked.

"Shut up while you're ahead, kid," he said. "Can't say I was happy about it, but it was my fault for not switching her off, and at least she zeroed in on you instead of throwing herself at customers. Plus after seeing the way you look at her, I don't have the heart to fire you." I didn't have a response for that other than to groan at the wonderful feeling Alison's lips and tongue were giving my dick.

I tried to keep my focus on her, rather than to look up at Mr. Walters with his thick mustache and receding hairline. I watched my cock sliding in and out of her mouth, and his cock doing the same in her pussy. He slapped her ass and said, "You liking this, slut?" Alison nodded with her mouth full of my meat. "Yeah, good girl. I knew you would."

I was still a little dazed by the whole situation and wasn't close to cumming yet, but it was only a few more minutes before Mr. Walters grunted deeply, presumably unloading his jism inside her, and then pulled out. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her off of me as well. "Come get me hard again," he ordered.

"Yes, sir," she said cheerfully, and knelt down to take a mouthful of his flaccid penis.

I must have gotten a look on my face, because he said, "What's the matter, kid, jealous? You realize I've been fucking her since long before I even hired you."

"Ye— yeah, I know. Obviously you have," I stammered.

He chuckled. "Shit, kid, you have the innocence of youth in spades. So cute it's almost sickening. Alright, I'm good to go another round. You get her pussy this time." He moved around her and leaned back against his desk, then grabbed her ass cheeks, spread them, and pulled her back onto his renewed cock, pushing easily into her back door.

I moved around the desk and faced her, her breasts bouncing slightly with the force of his thrusts, her face already showing her pleasure at being filled. I looked down at her bald pussy. I wasn't really keen on Mr. Walters' sloppy seconds, but then in a more general sense she always had been that. Without any further hesitation, lest the old bastard have another chance to tease me, I rammed my tool all the way into her. Even with his cum already in there, her pussy didn't feel all that different, which is to say, as wonderful as I remembered. Alison squealed as I filled her up, her fuck holes now both stuffed.

"Keep it down, baby, don't want anybody hearing you," Mr. Walters warmed. Alison nodded and continued to gasp and moan at a restrained volume. I took hold of her breasts and fondled them as the two of us pounded her from both sides.

It was my turn to make extra effort to not be too loud, as I moaned, "Oooooohhh, fuck yes, oh Alison, yes, yes, take it baby, fuck me."

She looked straight into my eyes and said, "Yes, Steve, I love your cock inside me. Fuck me hard. I want you to fill me up with your cum!" At that point, that was all the encouragement I needed, because I did exactly that. With one final, deep thrust, I felt my cock spasm as my load pumped through it and into her well-used cunt. I gasped for breath as I pulled out and backed away.

"Nice, kid. Good job. Okay, slut, clean us both off," said Mr. Walters. Alison obeyed, getting to her knees and sucking her juices off both our cocks in turn. "Alright, now put that away, go wash your hands, and get to work. And kid? Don't have sex in my restaurant ever again." I nodded. He turned to Alison and added, "And that goes double for you, you little trouble making slut. No fucking anyone besides me without my expressed permission."

"Yes, sir," she said, with a clear tone of disappointment in her voice.

With my dick back in my pants, Mr. Walters killed the light again and I slipped out. A fully dressed Alison appeared in the kitchen ten minutes later, cheery and all smiles as usual, but with her sex mode deactivated. I like to think that her smiles and glances lingered on me a little longer than usual after that, even without her wanting to jump my bones, but it was probably my imagination and wishful thinking.

- - -

In the due course of time, I finished my studies, got a career-minded job lined up on the other side of the country, and was preparing to receive my degree. That meant, of course, giving Mr. Walters notice that I was leaving. "Good for you, kid. We'll miss you around here," is all he had to say about that.

Then, one evening after my last day at work, as I was packing up the things in my apartment, there was a knock at my door. To my great surprise, it was Alison. "Hi, Steve! Mr. Walters wanted me to drop these by for you," she said, holding out two envelopes.

I took them and opened them. They were both greeting cards congratulating me on my graduation. One was signed by all my former coworkers, including Alison. The other was from Mr. Walters, and he had written, "She's yours for the night, kid. She'll do anything you want. Just send her back in time for the lunch rush tomorrow. Have fun, and get her out of your system. Go find a nice human girl to settle down with."

I looked up from the card and back to Alison. Mine for the night. I was still trying to process that when she held something else out with her other hand. "Oh, and this too. You'll need this." I took it from her. It was her control pad. I looked through the settings and found she was not currently set to a sex mode, but it was entirely within my power to change that.

I looked back up at her again and asked, "Do you... know why you're here? Is that what you want?"

She smiled that beautiful smile of hers and nodded. "Uh huh! You're my friend, I like making you happy." Given that she was a bioroid, by definition had no desires other than what she was programed to simulate, and had been ordered by Mr. Walters to spend the night with me, that sounded like the closest thing to a declaration of lust for me that she was capable of. Of course, that was probably just my imagination, inferring what I wanted to hear. I looked back to the pad. Anything I wanted. All modes available. I didn't want anything extreme, though. I just wanted her. I bumped her sexual desire up to just a little higher than what was rated as a healthy girl in her sexual prime. Active but not wildly slutty, if you will.

I immediately felt her arms on my shoulders, and looked up from the pad. Just before her lips met mine, I heard her whisper, "Thank you." The cards and pad slipped from my hands and fell to the floor. She kicked the door closed behind her, and as it latched shut I pushed her up against it, kissing her passionately, our tongues darting back and forth in each other's mouths.

I pulled her in the direction of my bedroom, but it took a while to get there, leaning up against every wall on the way to continue kissing. Finally we reached my bed, and I let her pull me down into it. Our lips were practically glued together while our hands roamed everywhere across each other's bodies. We took our time, groping each other through our clothes for a long while before our need reached a fever pitch and we rapidly helped each other remove them.

As soon as everything we had been wearing was on the floor, I laid her back on my bed and made sweet tender love to her, my body over hers, my hard cock sliding gently back and forth within her wet pussy, continuing to kiss throughout while moaning softly into each other's mouths. It seemed like a blissful eternity of our two bodies merging together. Eventually her moans grew longer, and she whispered, "Oh, Steve, I'm almost there. Please make me cum." I quickened the pace of my thrusts, and as her moans reached a crescendo, I could feel my own nut getting ready to bust. As her back arched beneath me and she let out one final, long moan, it took me over the edge as well, and I could feel my cock pulsing as my jism pumped into her pussy. We shared one more long kiss before I rolled us onto our sides and we just cuddled.

Of course, despite the amount of time that took, there was still plenty of night left. My hands grew increasingly restless, fondling her breasts and rubbing her pussy lips, even slipping a finger between them and deep into her. She pulled my hand away from her cunt and put the finger, wet with her juices, into her mouth. She sucked her wetness off as she pulled it back out of her mouth, and then she gave me a deep, forceful kiss and said, "Take me, Steve."

I immediately pushed her onto her back, grabbed her arms and pinned her wrists above her head. I aimed my hard cock at her wet slit, got it inside with only a little bit of effort, and started pounding as hard as I could. We both started moaning loudly. He moans were punctuated with, "Yes, Steve, yes! Fuck me, fuck me hard!"

Mine, on the other hand, were interspersed with, "Fuck yes, take it Alison! Take my cock hard in your tight wet pussy!" It was a blur of thrusting and pounding, and at some point I moved her onto her knees, holding her arms behind her back with one hand, pulling her hair just shy of too hard with the other, and ramming her wonderful pussy doggie style. She had already cum a few times by now, and she screamed as another orgasm hit her. I was just about ready to pop again too. I pulled out of her and grabbed her ear antennae, using them to pull her face to my dick. She opened her mouth to accept it, and I pushed it as far down her throat as I could, holding her there by the antennae. I felt her struggle just barely as she adjusted to a mouth totally full of meat, and that sent me over the edge, spewing warm cum straight down her throat. This time when we collapsed onto the bed in each other's arms I was exhausted and slept until morning.

What a morning it was, too. Since my initial experience with Alison in the restaurant, I'd hooked up a couple of times with other college girls. Just one night stands, fuck and go home. This time my eyes opened and were greeted by the face of my heavenly angel on the pillow beside me. She smiled and said, "Good morning, Steve." My response was to pull her in tight for a long kiss, with my hands roaming up and down her body, feeling her curves and her smooth, soft skin. When I broke the kiss, she moaned softly in appreciation, and then added, "Are you hungry?"

"For breakfast, or you?" I asked.

She smiled coyly. "Either one."

"Yes," I said, and leaned in for another kiss.

She intercepted me with a finger to my lips, and said, "Stay put and I'll go make us some food, then we can pick up where we left off last night." With that she hopped out of bed and headed towards the small kitchen area. I lay there in bed, hoping it wasn't just dream, gently stroking my recharged and rock hard cock. "Come on out, it's almost ready!" I heard Alison call.

My refrigerator wasn't exactly well stocked, but when I emerged from the bedroom I found she had made omelets, french toast, and bacon, and was just finishing setting a plate for each of us out on the table. "It's so nice to be able to cook something for breakfast other than prefab egg and sausage sandwiches for once," she said. She looked incredibly sexy wearing nothing but an apron that I'd forgotten I had. I forgot all about breakfast and came in close behind her, with my hands reaching around to each grab a breast, pushing the apron into her cleavage.

Alison yelped in surprise, and then said in a sultry voice, "I said not until after breakfast, you naughty boy."

"Can't wait," I said, simultaneously pushing my cock into her pussy and pushing her down onto the table, with her tits ending up in one of the plates of food. I pounded away eagerly, and she made no further protests, only gasps and moans.

As I neared orgasm and my grunts became more urgent, she said, "Wait!" Before I could question her she had pushed me back and spun around, grabbing my cock with one hand and holding the plate in the other. She stroked me rapidly and I promptly came, spraying my load onto the food that she maneuvered into place in front of my cock. "Now, sit down and eat," she scolded playfully, and took a fork full of eggs and jism into her mouth.

After breakfast I licked her tits clean, but she still insisted on taking a shower. Together. She got no complaints from me. The water cascaded over us as I sandwiched her body between mine and the wall, my cock buried deep in her pussy. "My ass, I need you in my ass," she begged. I moved aside as she bent down and braced her hands against the far end. She moaned as I pushed a finger into her asshole to make sure she was ready, then cried out as I pushed my rod up her back door. I held her hips tightly as I thrusted into her rear passage and she screamed, "Yes! Yes! Fuck yes!" By the time one of my hands moved around front to rub her clit, she was primed for another orgasm and came almost instantly.

Somehow we managed to finish our very long shower and get and dried off, and after a nice long naked cuddle on my couch, she climbed into my lap facing me and eased her pussy down onto my cock. She rode me slowly and gently. I kissed her as she raised and lowered herself on my dick, and then she leaned back while I licked and sucked on her luscious titties.

"Ask me how I feel about you," she said softly, without breaking stride.

"How do you feel about me?"

"Everybody else, the customers, the other employees, even Mr. Walters, see me as a burger-flipping, servant bioroid. You're the only person that ever looked at me differently, that thought of me as something else. The interpersonal interaction algorithms of a bioroid are very complex, they have to be, and mine responded to you in a way that was entirely unique in my personal experience. I think the human term for it is, you make me feel special." I tried to absorb all this while she continued to lift her cunt up and down the length of my cock. "How do you feel about me?" she added.

My mouth opened, but I could only stammer, "I... I..."

She leaned in close and whispered in my ear, "It's okay. Go ahead and say it. You won't have another chance." Then she pulled back and looked straight into my eyes. I could see a mix of joy and lust in hers.

"I love you, Alison."

She gave me the sweetest smile. "Do you want to hear me say it back?" I nodded. "I love you too, Steve," she said and leaned in for a soft, gentle kiss. She pulled back just a little, her lips still close to mine, and said, "Despite what Mr. Walters wrote to you in that card, this is how I want you to remember me. Just like this. And I'll try to remember us as often as I can."

I gasped and moaned softly as I came, my cum spurting up into her. As if in response, she groaned softly as her body shook with an orgasm of her own. She collapsed forward into me and I wrapped my arms around her, holding her tightly.

We stayed like that for a long time, until she finally said, "It's time. I have to go." She pulled away from me and retrieved her control pad. "You'd better set me back," she said, handing it to me. I felt almost numb as I took her off of sex mode. She snatched it back out of my hands and I watched her gather up her clothes and get back into her work uniform.

She opened the apartment door, then paused and turned back to me. With that glorious smile of hers, she said cheerfully, "Good bye, Steve."

"Alison, wait!" I said, rushing to her side. "Don't go! I don't want you to go!"

"I have to, my shift is about to start, silly," she replied.

We stood there in my open doorway, her fully dressed and me still stark naked. "Stay with me! We can run away together! I can buy you from Mr. Walters somehow! Anything!" I begged. Somehow I expected to see longing or even pity in her eyes, but there was neither. Just an almost blank cheerfulness.
