 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

***

I spent the next week working up and on a cover story. In fact more than one that might deceive my predator long enough for me to lay a well planned trap for him. I even gave a great deal to planning which planet or at least which club I might lure him to. We now had enough on him to know what he liked and maybe even needed.

I had for the first time in my life also started to play with myself. The thought of being stalked, captured and then taken and impregnated was a recurring nightly fantasy. I hoped the directorate could not read my thoughts. Well they read everything else. They had wonderful Data Protection Laws that actually did the opposite. The second you accepted those cookies you no longer had a private life. 

The morning I decided to submit my cover plans to the Major and also my plans for how to catch this prey I headed out to the mess to have breakfast. Something out of the ordinary happened at breakfast. One of the female refugees came to my table and sat down without invitation to do so. It was the first time that had happened.

She no longer looked like a refugee though; she reminded more of one of those cheap soap opera sluts that dominated much of the galactic media. It might have been the cosmetics. I suspected that it might be that she had access to such as part of building her own cover for her own Operation.

She smiled and then apologised "Sorry to disturb you! Also I apologise in advance for any insult you might perceive. It's kind of awkward since none of us here ever speaks to anyone else so I decided that I had to break the Ice.! Well I guess we have all been ordered to speed up ahem our social interaction skills as it were!

Don't take this the wrong way but I have something personal to ask! Could we possibly trade Borgs with each other since you are the only other female here so far! I am kind of bored fucking with my own one!"

I choked on my eggs and food spluttered from my mouth as I coughed out my shock at what she had just said.

She was taken aback and set about apologising again "Oh Uhm! I am really sorry! I should have waited till you had eaten! I! Bugger it!" 

I composed myself as quickly as I could "Uhmm well! I don't have a Borg to trade with you whatever a Borg is!"

She began to giggle "Oh Dear oops sorry, I really think I have gone and put my foot into my big mouth, oh buggery! Our Borgs are our instructors! We each have one instructor! We girls got male Borgs and the guys got female Borgs but I didn't fancy any girl on girl stuff yet!"

My face must have been scarlet red in colour by then as I spluttered "You mean?"

She giggled again "Uh Huh! All the Borgs are cybernetic beings! I did not figure that out till I had fucked mine! They can keep it up all night you know! No guy I ever knew could do that! Apparently each of the Borgs is programmed with different sexual techniques and skills! So my Borg Radek has told me anyway! So that's why I asked if we could trade!

I will leave you to your breakfast! Let me know if you want to trade at any time! The Borgs don't care either way! They are programmed to teach us! There are no jealousy or possession trips with a Borg! Oh and I am Sorcha Nicclay!"

I replied almost dumfounded "I am Frances! Frances Griffin! I will think about what you just said!"

I wondered if she was pulling my leg. She was surely having a joke and was practising her humour and satire on me. The idea that Keth was a cybernetic construction had not crossed my mind at all. He seemed very human and very real even if his demeanour was always so unemotional. He never got angry. He was always patient with me. 

I never thought about the idea of having sex with him. Now here I was being told that he had been specially programmed to teach me about sex as well. Suddenly from out of the blue I got jealous. Jealous about my Borg, my non human educator being with another woman. 

I sat there motionless and in a state of shock. I thought to myself no way. I could not possibly do this. Even the fact that I had been having sexual fantasies of late, well Keth just did not figure in them. I wandered about in my room, pacing back and forth the rest of that day. That night I played with myself again but it was not Keth that was the object of my lusts. It was my nemesis that was the target of those.

The next day after I had my breakfast I went to the medical facility and asked if I could have my eyebrows, my nipples, my ears, my naval and my clitoral folds all pierced. For the life of me I did not understand why. But I did? It was all part of my cover and the trap I was laying for my prey. Or so I told myself at the time.

The medical staff did not as much as blink at my request. They just went ahead and did it. I was through with it all in a matter of hours. I then went to the stores to requisition cosmetics, several outfits and other accoutrements to go with my new piercings. I was told that it would take at least 24 hours to get what I wanted and the colours I wanted.

I was beginning to wonder about those bizarre psyche evaluations and if my lords and masters had found something in them that opened me up to contemplating what I was now contemplating. Several months ago the whole idea of sex and me being in anyway sexual repelled me. Now I wanted to be owned by a hard Master and turned into his fucktoy.

The thought stopped me in my tracks and I wondered if these were my own thoughts or were those thoughts being implanted in me. I was tingling all over and I grew very wet between my legs. I had to take several minutes to compose myself and go about my daily business.

That night I had without thinking about it an enema. It was not just my cunt I wanted filled it was my ass as well. I dreamed of having my head held still as I knelt before a monster and he rammed his cock down my throat. But not by Keth but by a different being altogether. The mocking laughter entered my dreams again that night. 

I headed for the stores the next day with growing excitement as I went to pick up my outfits and everything that was going to begin my transformation into a directorate sex toy. As I entered I noticed another girl who I had never seen before, she gave me a shy smile, her cheeks going red as if she had just been caught in some illicit act. 

The store man gave me a dead pan look as I signed for the gear that I had ordered. I wondered briefly how many times in the past he had done this. I wondered also what things the male trainees had ordered.

I took myself back to my quarters and began to play about with the outfits and the various rings and chains and chokers. It was the first time I had truly looked at myself in a mirror as I tried on these outfits. In my former life I had gone to Party shops bought an outfit and then fled. It reinforced just how isolated from the rest of humanity I had allowed myself to become. One thing I knew was that my ass would not look big in anything.

I selected the outfit that I would wear for my defloration. I don't even know when I had decided to lose my virginity only that I was going to lose it that night. The rest of my work that day went to pot and I didn't care. I briefly wondered about the other girls and what fantasies they had. 

I sat before my mirror slowly applying the cosmetics I had chosen, again a first for me. I had gone through life without ever having bought any before. I had died my hair blood red for some reason unknown to myself. The lip gloss made my mouth look even bigger. It was something I had always hated about myself; my mouth looked big and out of proportion with the rest of my head. As did my ears.

I decided to wear contacts that would make my irises appear florescent red almost. I then selected black obsidian ear rings which were inverted crosses. I chose not to wear any eyebrow rings. I selected a black studded neck collar made from leather. 

I then selected nipple rings and chains which attached to the collar. It felt a little painful initially putting them on but the pain was overcome by other sensations like lust for one and pleasure for two. 

When I put on the clitoral ring both pain and pleasure shot through me. I had to restrain myself and not start playing with myself there and then. I liked the visual effect of the ring against my shaved pussy. I used to be such a prim and proper girl now my vocabulary was lowering in standards to match my growing desires to be a dirty girl.

I selected the studded black and red waist basque. It raised and highlighted my nipples and tits a little bit more. It gave me a little bit more of a figure. Not much but it did. I looked less like a stick. I wore no bra and or knickers as my Master would not like that. I had no idea where that thought had come from. 

The next item was the black fishnet stockings which could be hooked onto the basque belts. Images that I had seen in my psyche evaluations flashed through my mind. I then selected the black high heeled knee high boots. I was tall anyway but now I was even taller as I struggled to find my balance in them. God I thought, these are real ankle breakers?

I practised getting used to them. I felt sexy. I felt slutty. I felt whorish. I liked these new feelings in me. I gave myself another long look in the mirror. The only thing missing I thought was that my straight hair had not grown back to the length that it was before I had joined the Directorate.

The last item I chose was a very short black and red chequered micro mini skirt with attached chains and a studded belt to hold it up round my tiny waist. It barely covered my ass and crotch. I decided to leave my tits and nipples exposed. I was feeling really bad. 

I sat there thinking this was not me but I could not help myself. I had to restrain myself more and more not to play with myself between my legs. I had delayed the inevitable long enough. I buzzed Keth.

I spoke falteringly into the intercom "Keth! It is Lieutenant Griffin! Could you come and see me!"

He replied gruffly "It is not your Masters place to go to you slut! It is the sluts to come to her Master! You will come to me whore!"

I replied without thinking "Yes Master! Sorry Master! Forgive me Master!"

I sat stunned momentarily as I don't know what shocked me more, his words or those that came out of my own mouth. I had to ask "where I would find my Master as I was such a stupid slut!" I could not believe what I had just uttered. Nor could I believe the ease with which I rose and left my quarters to go to his at his command.

I was directed to walk to the elevators next to the medical facility. Then take the elevator down two levels. When the elevator door opened I was stunned to see a girl pinned semi naked face against the wall. It was a Borg being ravished by one of the male trainees. 

He humped her furiously before asking "Lieutenant! What should a Master do with a bad girl?"

It replied "Master must punish his slut as he sees fit!"

He spanked her hard as he fucked her and she moaned "Oh Yes Master! More! Punish Me!" 

He was still banging into her furiously when I reached the level I had to get off at. I could not help but notice his ass. My pussy was dripping before I had reached Keth's quarters.

I hesitated momentarily before the doors of his quarters. It never occurred to me that he would need quarters if he was just a Borg. Nor had I been curious about where in the Directorate he would be before now. The doors swished open. I hesitantly stepped into his quarters. My heart was pounding. I felt my breathing grow heavier and more rapid. 

As I stepped into his quarters the doors swished shut behind me. I had the horrible feeling that I was trapped here till he let me go. I was now frozen to the spot as fear now took over. My earlier confidence now gone. My earlier lust and want had deserted me.

He appeared out of the adjoining room. My jaw must have hit the floor when I seen what he was wearing. He was dressed in the distinctive Helm and Battle fatigues of a Krieg Stormtrooper. My heart missed a beat and I gasped to myself. Was this one of my fantasies? To be taken, enslaved and impregnated by one of those who had styled themselves the Master Species who had to clear the Galaxy of inferior specimens.

He barked a Command at me "You are tawdry slut! You should have been here days ago! Now you must be punished for your tawdriness!"

My fear gripped me "Please don't hurt me Master! I will do anything! Forgive me Master!" 

I had started to sob. My head and my pussy were sending out different signals. My head said run, my pussy said fuck me Master. He barked menacingly at me "Get on your knees now whore!" 

I dropped to me knees unthinking, my legs had turned to jelly anyway.

He snarled at me "Crawl to me Slut!" He slapped his thigh with a crop "Don't make me order you again Slut! And look at me when you do so Whore!" 

I slowly began to crawl. As I did so he removed the top of his battle fatigues and he stood showing off his torso. He was rippling. My pussy was dripping even more. He removed the helm showing off his muscled arms as he did so. He tossed away the helm.

I started to feel as if I would never get out of here alive. He looked even larger than he did before from my position. I was now right up to him on my hands and knees and my pussy was quivering before this monster.

He growled as he spoke his next Command "Now you will suck my baby maker! Slut! Suck it as if your life depended on it Slut!" 

Part of me felt humiliated to be spoke at so but part of me wanted to be called a slut. I could not explain it. I unbelted his trousers and pulled open the metal studs. His huge hard on sprang free and hit me in the face. Oh fuck it was as huge as the rest of him. My heart was pounding.

I had read that the average male penis was only seven inches long and with a diameter of no more than an inch and a half. Whoever had put together this monster had made him huge in everything. It was bigger than my two hands now circling it. I could not possibly get this in my mouth. I estimated it at 8 inches long and a circumference of 7 plus inches. It was long and thick and I thought I would be killed by it. It would rip me open when he took my virginity.

Somehow I managed to get the tip of it into my mouth. I did not have a clue what I was doing. I scraped him with my teeth and he snarled menacingly at me "Keep your teeth out of the way slut!" 

For the next several minutes he barked orders at me. Telling me one moment to lick and suck his balls and then lick the shaft and then lick the tip.

My mouth began to hurt as it stretched with his constant demands and Commands. I gagged several times as the tip of it hit my throat. I was struggling for air "Breath through your nose you fuckin stupid slut!" he screamed at me several times. More than once he gave me a view of the crop he was holding.

It seemed as if this went on for an eternity. I was beginning to wonder if the Borg ejaculated and if so what exactly? When I started to stroke his balls as I sucked or did my best to suck I heard him begin to groan "That's the way! Now keep that up Slut!" 

I did what I was told and then he started to grunt "I am going to cum! Swallow it all baby!"

He exploded into my mouth. I gagged and it spilled out of my mouth and down my chin, it seemed as if there were litres of it and I could not swallow it and I choked and gagged again on it. I had nothing to compare it to, it tasted sort of salty but with the consistency of yoghurt. It was thick.

I was gasping for air when he snarled "Yah stupid slut, this will not do! You spilled most of it! Master will have to punish you!"

He tugged on my collar and the chains pulled on my nipple rings. Pain shot through my breasts and I sobbed "Pease forgive me Master!" 

I had read that the average male penis went flaccid and shrunk after a male had cum but not Keth the Borg he was still hard and it was still as big as it was before he cum. I wondered afterwards at the Borg anatomy.

He was relentless with me as he barked "Now you will perform for your Master! You will do a lap dance for me! Make it good or your punishment will double!" 

He removed the rest of his fatigues and lay back on the bed and leered at me. It was something that I could do was dance. Even the lap dance was easy to learn and it seemed I had another talent I could at least coordinate my body. He complimented me on my movements. 

I could not take my eyes of his still monster. When he grabbed me and pulled me to him after I had removed my skirt and finished my routine. I found that he was not rough with me as he kissed me. I could not help but have my hands wander over his taut body. He complimented me on the use of my hands "That's a good slut! You like a strong Stormtrooper to be Master?"

When he teased and bit on my nipples waves of pain and pleasure shook through me. It was electric. I heard mocking laughter in my head again.

He threw me on my back and his fingers snaked between my legs. I was already wet as he played with me and he laughed "My we are a bad little girl! Already wet! Soaking wet!" 

Pain and pleasure ripped through me. He left on my corset as he lowered his head between my legs, his tongue snaking into me. Sensations I had never experienced before took hold of me.

He asked "What is it you wish my slut?"

I screamed "I can't take anymore Master! I'm Cumming! Take me Master! Enslave me! Fuck me Master!"

He raised himself between my legs and drove his big hard cock into my soaping wet pussy. I screamed as pain ripped through me. I dug my nails into his back. Fuck it hurt and I wept at the assault. In my pain I did not notice that he was buried to the hilt in me. I had watched plenty of porn as part of my training. He was not thrusting in and out.

He spoke "When you are ready start to work, work that snatch back and forth on my cock! The pain will slowly subside!" 

He was right and I began to work my hips back and forth I slid on his cock. He then began to thrust in unison to my movements. Wave after wave of pleasure swept through me. Faster and faster he got till I could take no more.

I begged "I'm Cumming Master!"

I clung onto his strong body and begged "Fuck me MASTER! Cum in me! Breed me Master! Breed me for the Master Species Master!"

My pussy convulsed and clamped round his dick as electric shocks shot through me and he came inside me! I felt his cum pumping into me. He did not stop thrusting though and the exquisite torture continued as I lay underneath him. Without warning he roughly flipped me onto my front and I was now facing down on the bed. He hauled up my hips and spread my legs forcefully. I loved being manhandled by this monster.

He drove hard and fast into my pussy. I wailed yes as his hard cock once again stretched me. He hammered into me without mercy but I was beyond caring as wave after of pleasure rippled through me. I was cumming again as he grunted and more of his sticky thick cum pumped into me. I wailed "YES MASTER!" 

Despite my growing exhaustion he did not let up on me and demanded more of me. 

He growled "You will not rest! You will now please your Master!" 

He spanked me hard several times on my ass. It stung and stung hard.

He got on his back and manoeuvred me on top and he growled "Impale yourself on your Masters cock and Fuck me as if it was the last fuck you were ever going to get!"

Despite the fact my pussy now hurt from the constant pounding I could do nothing to say no to him. He pinched my nipples roughly when I hesitated and begged for mercy. I was to be given none.

He subjected me to alternating bouts of pleasure and pain according to my actions. If I stopped fucking I was subjected to excruciating pain. If I followed his commands I was rewarded with pleasure. If I stopped massaging his cock with my vaginal walls he noticed immediately. He slapped me hard several times, my lips bled and my nose bled. I became frightened to disobey him.
