 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

***

My meeting with the Major was a surprise in more ways than one.

He addressed me "Lieutenant I congratulate you in surviving Keth's domination training. Many a trainee will fall by the wayside doing that. You have remarkable stamina. I see that you are wearing the collar that all who survive it get to wear.

Oh we were not observing you in case you thought that. We do allow our trainees some privacy."

The thought that others might have been watching did not bother me. It actually turned me on. I got very turned on when Keth was watching me get gangbanged. I got wet between my legs thinking about it.

The Major continued "It is not unnatural for a trainee to get attached to his or her Borg. It is something that happens to all of us. For the female trainees it is perhaps worse as the human male cant ever reach the physical and sexual prowess of the Borg. With the possible exception of the Chameleon that is.

It is obvious from our analysis of him that he is more than a match in that respect. Which leads us to your reports and own analysis. 

You speculate in your reports that our prey may not actually be an agent of an enemy power. The view that it is not in any interest of the major galactic powers to changed the present status quo. The destabilisation of the Free Alliance is not in any of our interests. It is a view that the Directorate Command is coming round to.

It thus follows that in whose interests is he working? That is even harder to ascertain. There are several minor powers that would benefit from a changing galactic political situation.

There is also the possibility as you have speculated that our adversary is not even human and that he is some form of alien with the ability to present himself in human form. That is actually an even more frightening prospect.

We have also speculated on the possibility that he is some new generation of Borg but that implies he is front for a well organised agency. We have no evidence of that yet. That would be another disturbing scenario.

When you return from your leave you will be delegated to investigate each option in turn. The necessary materials will be made available. We have also withdrawn from the field agents presently working on Operation Chameleon. The Directorate Command has taken the view that at present we will not sacrifice any more field assets. We will not lose any more of us to him or it.

It will also take several months to assemble the necessary assets and equipment to give you the necessary credentials to support your cover as a Galactic Arms and Drugs smuggler. 

So when you return from your leave, in addition to your ongoing projects and ongoing training you will work on the chosen cover that you will be using. A back up team from amongst Special Forces is presently being selected. Also from amongst the present crop of trainees the rest of your team will be assembled. You will be the team leader. Special Forces will have the last say on any military actions that may need to be taken. Those selected will be given intelligence operative training. 

Enjoy your leave Lieutenant. It is not healthy to be stuck in this place too long. Besides it is also the case that your Borg will need to be in medical and technical for a check over and for maintenance. He is not totally a cybernetic being he is a cyber organic being. It is necessary to rest them and it is a very great expense to replace them. The 20 769 generation models that we have are not easily replaced."

It was interesting to hear him say that the Chameleon might be a sexual match for the Borg. I decided not leave immediately on my leave and made my way to the mess for a meal. To my surprise all the other female trainees were chittering excitedly around one table. I picked d up a meal and decided to join them. Usually such gatherings would have had me looking for the escape hatch. My curiosity got the better of me.

It was Sorcha who greeted me "Hi there Frances, where can I get that outfit? Nice outfit!" 

I had forgotten I was still in my slave gear. I must have looked some sight as eyes popped out of heads.

Sorcha giggled "That is real Kinky!"

She inspected the collar. She exclaimed "Oh Boy girl that is even kinkier. Sex Slave! Property of the 51st Krieg Deep Space Kommando Division! Return to Command when fucked!"

I had not even bothered to read the collar Keth had given me.

The rest introduced themselves and Sorcha exclaimed excitedly "We were just babbling about what we were going to do with out leave. The idea of going out to pick up cock does not appeal. No after we have had the past few weeks or so. As for those sparse and dull Party shops. No thanks! Better shopping right here for all sorts of kinky gear."

I noted the variety of outfits the others were wearing; some looked like Space Port hookers, some like Matsue Empire Courtesans, some like schoolgirls, one girl was clearly a dominatrix.

In one way or another, the Directorate training had turned us all into full on cock addicts and filthy sluts. The thought of any of the others having my Master Keth sexually made me almost instantly and insanely jealous though. I wonder which of these sluts would be assigned to Operation Chameleon. I then wondered where all the male trainees were.

I asked "Where are all the males? I don't see any here." 

It was Ruta the dominatrix who laughed "I think they are all in medical. No doubt fucked silly by their Borg. They all need a session with me to whip those wimps into shape. They just don't have the stamina of us girls. Inferior sex? It needs a woman in charge to whip this Republic into shape."

It was Maggs Gordon the one who looked like a Free Alliance Pleasure Dome porn star who laughed "Do you have a whip that can give all those men huge cocks that stay up all night?"

Ruta scowled as the rest of us burst out laughing. It became clear that we were all addicted to or in love with our Borg. We were not going to get any male in the outside world with a big cock and staying power. It was really how the Directorate controlled us in the end. Our Borgs were the only ones that could really do it for us? A thought occurred to me. What had really happened with those agents that had gone insane?

My father's words entered my thoughts "Trust no one or nothing but your own instincts." My instincts were telling me something else was not all it seemed here in the Directorate or indeed with Operation Chameleon.

I made my departure and left them to their chatter. I showered in my quarters. I still reeked of my last session with Keth. I could feel his hands on me and his cock in me. I broke down and wept. I wanted my Master more than anything I had ever wanted in my life.

When I had pulled myself together I selected my outfit. I dyed my hair purple, an almost florescent dye. I applied matching cosmetics.

I wore my eye rings and my nipple rings and nipple chains. I also wore my clitoral ring. It had become part of me. It was strange to me not to wear those rings now. I also wore studded bracelets and studded arm torques. 

I selected a thin skinned figure hugging purple mini dress that would highlight my rings and chains and the collar. I put on fishnets and thigh high, high heeled boots.

As I viewed myself in the mirror I stroked the collar. I was the Krieg's 51st Space Divisions whore and I was proud of it. 

I buzzed Lisbeth from my quarters saying I was going to be arriving at the central tube in about an hour, did she want to meet. I had some leave time. I smiled to myself. There would be no way she would recognise her big sis.

The military transport network was back to normal. No backdoor route tour. A more direct route with just one change on route. I did not bother taking any luggage. I did not really need any. Just my ID and my eyes really. Perhaps I could do something about the decor of my quarters when I got back to the Capital.

I made my way to the Directorate tube terminal. For the first time in my life I saw men giving me a second look. I smiled inwardly to myself. When I found my way from the military to civilian change over point I noted a lot of civilians giving me eye popping looks. I laughed inwardly to myself that time.

When a uniformed civilian policeman stopped me and asked to have my ID, well he went white in the face when he no doubt seen that my security rating was off the planet in scale to his. His grovelling apology had me laughing hysterically to myself. For the first time in my life, not only did I feel sexually attractive but I felt powerful.

When I stepped off the tube at the central terminus. I saw Lisbeth way before she saw or recognised me. In fact I was just one yard from her when her eyes popped out of her sockets and her law went into fly catching mode. I think for the first time in my life I had my precocious little sis struck dumb in silence.

I stopped and wheeled on the spot as I gave her a twirl and giggled mischievously "Well what do you think sweetie? Like it?" 

Her lips began to slowly form words as she recovered from the shock "Oh My God sis that is! Dad will kill you if he sees you dressed like that! Mum will have a fainting fit. That aint no outfit you can get in the Capital shops or any Republic shops for that matter. Where did you get it? I want one!" 

I laughed "Don't you worry about the old folk's sweetie, I will handle them. As for the outfit well I cant tell you that. You don't have the security clearance."

She noticed the collar "Oh Lord! Fran! That could get you arrested."

I laughed "No it wont. The idiot that pulls that one will be bounced all the way to guard duty on a salt world or a mining penal colony. Now what shall we do. I have loads of pay credits to spend."

She was more embarrassed at my appearance than I was. Then she returned to her old self "Well if today is on you then lets hit the shops, we can give mum a heart attack later. Then I can watch dad spank you. Before we sneak out to Warp Dogs and get wild that is."

She giggled. I got curious "What is Warp Dogs?"

She giggled and then laughed "Oh a club near the Space terminal that the old folks would not approve of. Since the police are all giving you a wide berth you must have some clout. Clout enough to get us into the most exclusive sleazy den in the city?"

As we shopped in rather dull stores Lisbeth did not really seem all that interested in shopping as she was far more interested in the transformation I had undergone. It was a dead giveaway as she had a facial twitch when she was curious about something, her nose also wrinkled non stop.

Till she could no longer help her self and she said "Okay spit it out sis. Who is he? The man who clearly does not like you wearing bras or knickers and it is obvious you aren't wearing underwear. Don't pretend as the only under garments you have bought have been suspender belts and corsets."

I laughed "Cant tell you that as you don't have the security clearance sweetie."

She groaned "Are you going to pull that one on me the whole week?"

The one practical thing I did buy on our shopping trip was a couple of antigrav chests. I told my sis that my new quarters need a more womanly touch. I needed to buy some things that would mark it out as my space. I did but also a couple of outfits that highlighted my nipple rings and chains. I needed something to change into for this Warp Dogs club that Lisbeth had mentioned.

Our night out at the Warp Dogs turned out to be more illuminating in one way.

Sis was dumbfounded when I told dad that we were going to go there and he provided the escort and the car. Lisbeth was mumbling to herself that she could not believe that dad did not have a fit at me telling him exactly where we were going or that he did not turn me over his knee and spank me at how I was dressed. My mother had a fit. A full on rage before she fainted. 

Sis was less than pleased that we were not sneaking out and sneaking back again. It seemed that was how she got one of her kicks. 

She wailed "This is the first time he has not put his foot down about where I was going or how I was dressed and look at you. He did not even blink."

I laughed as we made our way to the limo "So how long have you had fantasies about daddy taking you over his knee and spanking you sweetie?"

Her face went beetroot "Why you?" 

She sighed "Am I that obvious? How did you know? And don't tell me that I don't have the security clearance." 

I laughed "Why you are not the only daughter that had those thoughts sweetie. I love being controlled by a dominant strong powerful man and dad is as strong and as powerful as they come here I suppose." 

Her jaw went into fly catching mode again "Uh!" 

I laughed "You better watch out for mum though. Mum is very territorial when it comes to dad."

I closed her mouth and giggled. She quickly reverted to herself again. She started to make eyes at the limo driver and obvious Party thug.

I laughed "Now don't be doing that. I saw that minx. Do you want the poor man to end up in a salt mine? Which is what might happen to him if you distract the poor man?"

She groaned "Its not fair. The only ones I get to meet are Party limps and wimps. There must be thousands of them. Just once I want something that gets my juices going. Someone like what you have and wont tell me about. That is someone who will rock my world sis. Boy whoever he is sure rocked yours sis. You are one bad lady now."

There was champagne ready for us when we stepped into the Party Limo. The trappings of power. It did not take Lisbeth long to help herself.

I asked her "So what is so special about this club sis?"

She laughed "Don't you know it is the latest in club. Oh and there are stories about what a girl might be able to pick up here as well and not just girls either. Oh and it is one of the few clubs where you can meet foreigners sis. The Republics males' just aint cutting it, well not the ones I meet. Oh and the wild crews from the Free Alliance hang out here or so I have heard."

I switched my enhanced sensors up a few clicks. I cut back on the champagne. I wondered why dad did not raise an eyebrow. I felt like I was still in training in one respect.

Sis giggled as she asked me about my piercings on the way to this club. I told her what I had done and held nothing back. When she asked me why I just could not give her a straight answer as I did not know why just that it felt right and I liked them. I now felt naked without my rings and chains.

She giggled "I shaved my pussy. I saw you naked earlier. It tingles and I feel just so horny with a shaved pussy. I think I could get used to not wearing knickers. Its just so bad. Well don't give me that look! If you can do it then so can I." 

She was hyper; her nipples were protruding through her tight dress and they were erect. One thing she had always had well at least from the age of 10 and that was tits.

A message entered my consciousness "We noted that you switched on your security modes on entering the Warp Dogs Club. Two things you need to know! Firstly are that there are 759 Borg models employed there and secondly that other agents of other galactic powers will be there also. I recommend that you disengage your security modes. We have agents there who have been notified of your imminent arrival. Maintain your cover and communications silence. Over and out Major Gar!"

I clicked off my security modes. I was just going to be a slut having a night out and on the prowl for cock. 

I laughed as the chauffeur opened the door and we stepped out "Okay sis! Let's see if we can find you some big cock with some staying power." 

I rolled my eyes in my head as she giggled. It was also clear that the driver would stay with the car but the co driver would run flak for us. He then flashed some ID as we swanned into the club and were led to a table next to a dance floor with several gyrating Party limps by the look of it.

The waiter gave us an overview of services and other money grabbing entertainments. It was all up for sale, sex, drugs and whatever got your juices going. As I perused the scene and the bodies I picked out the Borg models both male and female straight off. The club had them in distinctive uniforms. They sat blankly and were in power down mode till one of the customers approached. 

The foreign contingents were also obvious from not the way they dressed so much as the way they moved. The citizens of the Republic walked and moved in their own peculiar way that others didn't. Time to maintain my cover I suppose.

I turned to sis "See anything you like? I think I will find me something to dance on and rub myself against."

She giggled "Oh I will take my time over my victim." 

The co driver would keep a discreet eye on her. I was pretty sure he was armed to the teeth.

I selected one of the Borg males to dance with and it was clear that these models were nowhere near as sophisticated in construction as the 769 models. Their conversation programmes were also infinitely less sophisticated. I then danced with a female model more out of curiosity than anything else. I noted Lisbeth had done the same as she waved at me across the floor. I think she was letting me give her pointers. 

I grew tired of dancing with these obviously inferior models and returned to the table where I ordered two drinks and some caraian weed to smoke. I wouldn't get any nasty after effects as the detox enhancements would flush it out of my system in no time once I activated them. For the moment I just enjoyed the sensation.

Sis sauntered back to the table "Those 759 Borg are not very good. Why would any man or women pay to have sex with those models?"

I enquired "So how is it that you happen to know those are 759 series Borg sis?"

She giggled "How is it you know sis?"

I laughed "I can't tell you that as you don't have the security clearance and I would have to arrest you and send you home if I did."

She laughed "I just knew you were going to say that. As a matter of fact it is the research project for my Advanced Degree. Cybernetic and Cyber-organic biology and engineering sis. We have 769 models at the research institute research subjects and as actual educators and instructors!"

I was disturbed at the thought of Keth being sliced open and dissected for scientific purposes. I suddenly felt very protective of my Master. When I heard the mocking laughter in the back of my mind.

Sis continued her speech "It is even rumoured amongst the staff that Cyber Corp of Galen Zorn have developed a revolutionary 779 model, one that can self regenerate and even reproduce."

I looked at her almost askance "You don't mean they can become parents? Do you?"

She giggled "Yip sis! But it is just a rumour. According to the papers I have seen the male 769s can have an 8 by 7 hard on and can reproduce male semen internally by the bucket load. They can even stay hard for several hours before they have to recharge, the only thing they cant do is breed as for all that cum they just don't produce spermatozoa. They have real balls but are sterile.

The female models have real vaginas and even ovaries but again they don't produce eggs. The anatomy nor the engineering of the female 769s could support a growing foetus.

I don't much like the thought that we might be replaced by Cyborg women in the not too distant future."

I bit my lip at the thought that Keth could perhaps father a child, my pussy got all wet at the thought. My mind wandered to Operation Chameleon and I speculated to myself that the Chameleon may well be a product of the Galen Zorn laboratories.

I thought I better change the subject "Well sis drink up and finish this weed with me and then lets see if we can find an 8 by 7 or bigger and thicker cock to play with all night. Oh and is loaded enough to pay for the drinks."
