 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Training Regime Continues:

I would spend the next three months in more intensive physical and mental training. I was also allowed more time in tactical observing on going operations, especially at the Warp Dogs Club. The Directorate was collating information on possible blackmail and bribery prospects. 

I thought a few additional 769 models might have sped up that operation no end. It was obvious that the resources didn't exist though. I just hadn't seen it before but corruption ran deep in the Republic. It was something that was hard to ignore when it is in your face daily. I kept that observation to myself as in trust no one with what I thought.

In addition in those months I had to screw my way through 11 other Borg in that time. That was compulsory and there were no out clauses. Each one had a different social - sexual programme. It was no use though, I missed my Master. It did not help that each of those Borg had smaller dicks. I wondered if that was deliberate. I knew they liked to play with our heads at the directorate. They were experts at messing with heads.

As for the females that I had to play along with, well that was even more of a torment as I wanted my Masters cock. At the very last week of those three months I rebelled when I was presented with a female dominatrix model. It produced a violent and very rebellious reaction from me.

When I stole a weapon from the armoury and threatened to vaporize the Borg model the security apparatus went off. I found out I was being played with. The Major informed me that it was a psyche analysis test. My psyche tests had revealed a strong revulsion to female dominatrix types. The analysis indicated that I might react the way I did. They were messing with my head and I had walked into the trap. 

I was then informed that my loss of discipline was something that needed to be punished. Breaking into the armoury and stealing a deadly weapon could not be tolerated. I was to report to educator Keth for immediate punishment.

I could not hide my delight and I ran almost the whole way to his quarters. I was like a lovesick teenage girl and I was in heat. If I had known that my indiscipline would produce such a reward I would have done it sooner. I could not hide my impatience at his door. 

I entered when the door finally opened I spoke rapidly my heart thumping in my chest "Master I have been a very bad slut. I have been instructed to report for punishment."

Keth interrogated me as to what I had done and then he growled "Then for such behaviour we must punish you even more severely than in the past."

I was led into a room as he attached a lead to my collar, a room that I had never been allowed to enter before. My heart beat even faster when I saw that it was a dungeon. My excitement grew. My pussy was dripping wet, so wet that my juices were soaking through my fatigues.

Keth had my hands cuffed and chained and my arms were raised above my head from chains suspended from the ceiling. I was much stretched as my toes barely touched the floor. He then parted my legs and my ankles were manacled to the floor. I was now suspended from the chains. My legs and feet unable to take any of my weight.

He tore and ripped my fatigues from top. Then he tore and ripped the fatigues from lower half. God I loved his strength and his power and the menace he displayed in shredding my fatigues.

He growled "Oh dear this is very bad. A dripping wet pussy. Can't you control yourself slut?" 

He walked behind me and growled in my ear "It seems I will have to teach you the meaning of self discipline and my past experience suggests that you my errant pet only learn after the application of pain!"

He stepped back but I could not see what he was doing. I heard it though as the first crack of a whip reverberated in the dungeon and then the lash connecting and the pain searing through my body as it bit into my back. Fuck it hurt. Keth never held back or perhaps he was so controlled. I do not know.

After 5 lashes on my back each stroke more painful than the last I was begging for mercy and for his forgiveness.

He snarled "It is not your place to decide the amount of punishment or the degree of it slut."

He had me simpering apologies. I was also sobbing uncontrollably. In part from the pain and in part from my own happiness. I was with my Master and I didn't care.

The lash of the whip then bit into my ass. Five times, the lash caressing my anal crack more than once and my pussy more than once. I thought I was going to faint and I had to grit my teeth. My head sagged and I could not hold myself together. 

He put a bit gag in my mouth and growled "Bite down on that. We are only just beginning slut."

I don't know what he did but he applied some sort of salve to me and then the pain subsided and pleasure took over. I knew it would be short lived though. I gave him a worried look.

He injected me with something, an obvious drug. I don't know what. I felt my pussy dripping and my whole body tingling. Then he applied the lash on my tits. I lost focus as my sight blurred with the tears. The pain was excruciating. I lost control of my bladder and I pissed all over the dungeon floor.

He snarled "Tut! Tut slut! That will never do. You are not a little girl anymore; you are a grown woman and an Agent of the Republic. You really must learn better self control than that. Master will have to teach you."

Several more pain searing cracks of the whip followed. I was sure I lost consciousness and had to be brought round.

He snarled at me again "We can't have you falling asleep when we are trying to teach you something now! Can we?"

He injected me with something else unknown to me and he laughed "Just a little something to keep you awake for what is coming my pretty." 

When he applied clamps to my nipple rings and my clitoral ring and then attached the clamps to electrical wiring, I grew scared as if I wasn't frightened enough already.

He laughed "Do you trust your Master my pet?" 

Remembering my father's words I shook my head and sobbed a mumble through the gag "I don't trust anybody."

He laughed "Oh then your Master will have to teach you the meaning of trust as well."

He stepped back from me and grinned and I could swear that I heard the mocking laughter in my head again. Keth hit a switch and searing pain swept through me from the electric shocks. I lost any and all control of my body. The torture followed by the pleasure of whatever else he was doing to me was too much. I lost count of the number of times I came.

When he finally disconnected me from the clamps. Relief swept through me. Relief that I was alive for more than once I felt that I would die there chained. My body ached all over.

It was also a relief to be eventually free of the bit gag and as he removed it he spoke almost gently to me "I think you are just beginning to understand the need for self discipline my pet. You are indeed a remarkable find. Not many would have withstood what the Master needed to do.

I hope that you will not force Master to this again or worse my pet. Master wishes only to give you pleasure." 

With that he removed his clothes and still chained suspended from the ceiling he fucked me first in the ass and then my pussy. He didn't hold anything back on me either. I knew what his staying power was like. When he finally let me down and though I was exhausted I had to service my Master with my mouth and my throat.

Afterwards he applied to my skin so very gently the salves and the curatives it was almost a different Master. My skin was marked with the welts left by the whip and whatever else he had used to punish me. For the first time he washed me in his shower. That was almost as painful as the punishment he had used against me when the water washed over the welts.

For the first time also I was allowed to stay with him in his bed for something other than sex. I think that was the happiest I had ever been in my life.

I snuggled up to my strong Master and sighed deeply "Master!"

He asked "What is it my pet?"

I was incredibly content and I sighed deeply again "Master I! I love you with all my heart!"

He kissed me deeply "Master loves you with all of his. So very few have what it takes to be a whore of the 51st Krieg Division. You are one of a very select club. Master is very happy to have found you."

For the first time in months I did not weep myself to sleep.

In the morning I returned to my duties and every night the last week I had Master to serve. His lovemaking was almost gentle. The last night before my next leave was due I tested the waters to see how long his cock would stay hard and how many times I could make him cum.

My mouth, throat, ass and pussy were raw the next morning. After 10 hours of solid fucking and ten loads of cum in various holes. He was still hard. 

He laughed "That was a truly remarkable displaying of your sexual stamina my pet. But you must earn to know your limits. 

The Krieg 51st will not forgive easily if you fuck yourself to death. But Master has a little reward for you before you go on leave."

He led me to his dungeon where he tied me down ass up on a restraining bench and had me wear a bite gag. That morning he branded me twice. After the pain that I had previously experienced this was nothing though I noticed the smell of my flesh burning under the heat of the brands. The pain which seared through me was short lived as the wave of pleasure that cascaded through me in the wake of the branding was almost orgasmic. 

The deep brands would be real to any eyes that saw them. The first brand burned on my shoulder a"K51S". The second brand was burned on my right buttock a "KM" circled by 4 stars. I wonder what the second one meant but the fact that my Master had branded me made me deliriously happy.

I threw my arms around him and sobbed "Oh Master I love you." 

He laughed "See that you never forget that. I own you now."

I sobbed happily "I never will Master. I promise."

I skipped all the way to my quarters despite being sore and raw. I checked up on the brand and read "This whore is the exclusive property of Krieg's Marshall MacColla Kassell, The Commander of the Krieg's Elite Space Storm Troopers. They are also otherwise known as the Immortals."

I had to report to medical before I went on leave. It was a formality though and then to Major Gar.

Major Gar laughed "Well I see someone is very happy looking. Well I will give you another reason to be happy. Your training is now officially finished. Also as of today you are now Captain Griffin and your credit allowances have been increased and back dated one month.

Congratulations not just on your promotion but on actually surviving the training. There have been casualties along the way regrettably. Oh and surviving what needed to be done to create your cover. You are a lot tougher than you look. 

I have to say when you first passed through our screening process I thought someone was playing a sick joke on me and an even sicker one on you. But that is neither here nor there now. 

I am also to inform you in the interests of security and maintaining your cover that the following Clubs will be off limits due to on going operations." 

He gave me a list of four clubs that I could not take Lisbeth to. 

He continued "You will have a one month leave. You are also granted privileges to travel to the Ruling Parties exclusive southern resort domes. You may take your sister if you wish. Your father mentioned that your sister is on holiday now from the Institute. She has a high security clearance but obviously not as high as yours. You have earned that bonus and it is not because you are the daughter of you know who.

We will see you in one month. When you will be introduced to the other selected members of the Operation Chameleon team. You will then undertake specific training for that Operation and also preparation work.

Captain Griffin I hope you enjoy your leave. It might very well be the last one you will get for some considerable time."

I returned to my quarters and went to my work station to check out the southern resorts. I found exactly what I was looking for and hoped that it would not be something of an anti climax. If Master was going to punish me again I would need to be very bad. Kuta Carnac was as bad as we would probably get on this world or anywhere in the Republics Space. It astonished me what was kept hidden from the rest of the population.

Being at the Directorate I had access to information that the average citizen did not have access to. I had used my free time well here since my last leave. I booked a seaside apartment for two, both bedrooms with double beds, and both with big verandas. I was going to wipe out my credit allowance again, maybe even be overdrawn by the time I returned to duty.

I buzzed Lisbeth "Hey there sweetie, drop whatever you are doing and meet me at the central intercontinental tube in two hours. We are going on holiday just us two bad girls. Don't bother with packing much in the way of clothes. You won't need them where we are going. If we need then we will buy at our destination!"

She stammered "But sis I can't. But! I can't just drop everything just like that for a whole month. Where are we going anyway?"

I laughed "You can and you will drop everything. No ifs and no buts sis. It is an order from big sis. Oh as to where we are going? On a big cock hunt silly. We are going to find some big cocks even if it kills us."

She giggled "I take it that you won't tell me because you would have to arrest me." 

I laughed "Telling would spoil the surprise and you would only go and tell your contemporaries at the institute and they would hate you for the rest of their lives. You can't even tell them about it full stop." 

Before I got away from the Directorate I was summoned to father's office he had a slightly cross look on his face as he uttered "I have been alerted to your holiday plans for you and Lisbeth. I have topped up both your credit balances. You will need it. 

Oh and not a word to your mother. Or my life will not be worth living if she finds out. Or she will be going there for a holiday herself. If my life becomes not worth living then so will yours. I will say no more on the matter."

I smiled "Thanks Dad. Lisbeth deserves a break." 

He just rolled his eyes in his head.

When I checked my balance on the way to the tube, my eyes popped out of my head he had deposited 100,000 credits into my account. Eeeps! I thought. Heavens! The Kuta Carnac resort was the only resort on the planet with 769 model Borgs working at it. I was like a chid in a sweetie shop with unlimited credit. 

When I met Lisbeth she was hyper "Tell me! Tell me!"

I laughed and told her "Check your credit balance sweetie." 

She almost fainted as she exclaimed "What the fuck? How in the fuck? Shit!"

I giggled like a little girl "Daddy is spoiling us sweetie. Which means that under no circumstances is mum to know."

We were as high as kites on conspiratorial laughter.

We skipped onto the intercontinental tube. When the doors closed I removed her blindfold which I had put on her earlier after she had checked her balance that was.

The intercom announced "Welcome onboard the Kuta Carnac Express. Please buckle up. The Party welcomes those it has deemed most loyal, hardworking and sacrificing in the service of the Great Workers Republic." 

Sis went into her fly catching act.

She exclaimed "You are joking right sis. This is one of those tricks you used to pull when we were little to get dads attention right?"

I laughed and giggled "Oh no this is for real sweetie and dad is picking up the tab. The rumours about the resort are true in part."

When we checked in to our resort complex three hours later little sis was still doing her fly catching act. When the receptionist gave her sales pitch in respect of the various activities, social sexual fantasies on offer the little sis looked as if she was about to faint.

When the receptionist announced that there were no less than 150 769 Borg models to serve the needs of just 50 female guests at any one time even my jaw must have hit the deck. When the receptionist announced that there were 10 beta versions of the 779 models undergoing customer tests then we both I suspect looked ready to topple over.

The receptionist announced "In the interests of the health and safety of guest all guests are subject to medicals. Some of the social sexual programmes are very to extremely intense and not every girl or homosexual male is equipped to withstand the rigours of those exclusive programmes that the complex offers.

You can access the full range of programmes on the work stations in your apartment. In some circumstances if you have a special fantasy that you wish to enact then we can within certain limitations strive to provide that fantasy.

Before you ask we can't modify the Borg penis size as that results in lowering the overall optimum Borg performance and could result in Borg malfunction. We can however alter Borg skin colour and facial features to make them look like the double of any fantasy you wish to enact."

Before we settled in to our apartment we both had the medicals. We breathed a sigh a relief that we were both cleared to use any of the available social sexual programmes on offer.

When I signed up immediately for the virgin restoration programme and the sauna, massage and make over treatment little sis dropped her surprise on me and mumbled "Uhmm Sis. You know that I have been all talk don't you?"

I gave her an enquiring look and asked "What do you mean?" 

She shuffled and squirmed and said "I'm still a virgin!" 

I smiled and hugged her "Well lucky you I guess. You get to lose your virginity to the big cock of your dreams then don't you? Even better you can also have the virgin restoration treatment at the end of your holiday as well? I think you will find the 769s well able to satisfy your needs Lisbeth? Now go pick your fantasy itinerary, we can both afford anything we want pretty much." 

She giggled as she hunched her shoulders and said "You're bad."

It was not a quick process as there were over a hundred social sexual scenarios to pick from and a few of them could be adapted with some kinky add-ons. Some were one day or one night scenarios; some would unfold over several days.

We both slept on it and after I had my virgin make over programme of events done we both hit the central markets and the shops then some expensive restaurants. Rule number 1, we would not do any cooking even though the apartment had a kitchen.

Lisbeth got a little tipsy on the alcohol and blurted out "I hope dad sends mum here on her ownsome for at least a month and then I can have dad all to myself."

I giggled "Now who is being bad." 

We went back to our apartment giggling like schoolgirls as we shared our sick and twisted fantasies. We plopped in front of our work stations and plotted out our slutty desires. 

After a couple of hours I had selected my first fantasy scenarios; I would be stalked and hunted then captured and brutally raped in all of them, each rape getting more and more violent. The first one would be just a single hunter but each one after that there would be more and more hunters till the last one where I would be taken by 20 males of a tribe of Askarian demon worshippers.

With a days rest in between each scenario I had plotted and then a virgin restoration programme. But due to the demands of other guests and Borg being down for reprogramming and maintenance I could only get 15 for my last hunt gang rape scenario. I did not quibble about the numbers. I had filled up the first two weeks of my holiday. 
