 It was the Day of the Boar, in the year 3302 in Norrath. Adventurers, both the mundane and the mighty, ran about, attempting to make the world a better place, while others plotted to make it better, but for themselves. Our story begins, and ends, in an orc- and gnoll-filled place known as the High Pass, the most commonly travelled link between the two halves of the Antonican continent.

Here we observe a lively Gnome, in a profession uncommon to his race, upon the Freeport side of the pass, engaged in battle with a party of friends against the Shralok Orcs. He was of the Gemcutters faction, the Warrior Guild of Ak'Anon, the gnomish home. His centaur-Crafted armor, embedded with enchanted gemstones to empower his abilities, shone blue in contrast to the sickly green of orc flesh as his quick, but small, blades parried and darted about the Shralok's defenses. Not far away, his friends were ensconsced in a larger battle, amidst a thick throng of orcflesh and orcblood. He had broken away from them to stop this orc, one of the more powerful of the Shralok Clan, from joining in the fray until the lesser orcs died away.

A powerful fist brought his vision back to the Shralok, whom carried a giant halberd which he swung at the gnome's swivelling head. A twist of his body had him out of danger's way, and a grin, hidden by his steel-white helm, adorned his lips as he saw assistance coming. The orc never heard the high-pitched whistling of the dagger as it sailed into his back, driving him forward a step in confusion, right onto the properly placed Ku'juch of the gnome. The branch-like blades dug deep into the orc leader's belly, splattering the gnome with green ichor the orcs called blood. An arrow sizzled over his head, slamming into the orc's face, driving him back several steps. His minions dead, the rest of the party - three elves, two Feir and one Koada, a Dwarf, and a Human - came at him. Fear in the orc's eyes, he started to flee, but found his feet entangled in several weeds. Larger blades found deadly marks, and the chieftan fell, conquered at last.

The gnome, Xtis by name, slid back several feet, reaching up with one little hand, a mischevious, hidden grin on his face as he pinched the bum of one of the elves, a female Ranger named Teneel, through her shiny leather pants. She swatted at his hand, and cried 'Damn Imp!' in jest, as she usually did when he did this. This was their last kill, another party waiting nearby, comprised mostly of halflings, and they were on a rotation set by the guards of the High Pass, whom had not enough manpower to stop the flow of orcs from the Kithicor Forest. This was before the opening of the rift into the Plane of Hate, when Kithicor was a safe place to wander through, if a bit empty, and less fearsome creatures roamed.

Smiling down at him, Teneel also bopped him on the head, hurting her hand on the steel helm, but not really caring. It set Xtis' ears to ringing nevertheless, and he gave her a quick slap on the area he had so recently pinched, before moving out of the orc area with the rest of his party, the small group that had been waiting rotating in. They were quick to rush off and sell their gear, except for him - surprisingly, he was stronger than all but the Dwarf in the party, and was content with his load. No, his eyes were elsewhere, settled on a shadow, where a form he knew so well was crouched. He told the Dwarf to send a messenger when it was their turn again, and quickly wandered away from the Waiting Wall, towards a large rock in a niche of the surrounding mountain. High Pass was carved through a mountain, and protected the High Keep, from which Carson McCabe made his law evenly between Qeynos and Freeport. That is to say half of his guards were on the payroll of the Freeport Militia, and another half on the payroll of the Bloodsabers, one aligned with the Dark, Teir, Elves, and one with the plague-worshippers.

A form melted out of the shadows as he approached, a bulky form crouched in the darkness, a pleasant smile on her lovely face as she watched the gnome come forth. Xtis removed his helm and tossed it into one of his packs as he came forward, and, crouched though she was, he still had to stand upon the tips of his plate-booted toes to reach her mouth and kiss her.

"Haielle! So nice of you to join us, when I've been waiting for hours for you." Xtis' voice came forth in a happy bubble of noise, making the woman smile. And woman she was! She stood slowly, unfurling from her crouched position, all the way up to her seven foot height, in comparison to Xtis' three and a half. He took the opportunity to scramble up the rock nearby so that he was eye-level with her, though just barely.

Haielle's rich, smooth voice came easily, her chainmail shimmering down her voluptuous form as she leaned back against the wall, drawing the gnome's eyes to places they really shouldn't have been. "You need to learn patience, little Cee, otherwise you'll have no supper tonight." A teasing grin on her full lips, she drew the gnome up onto her, kissing his bulbous nose. It was a ridiculous sight, both from a distance and close-up, a gnome and a Barbarian intimate like so. Neither of them really cared how they looked, but found it just as amusing as the rest of the world of Norrath. The smallest and the largest, and Haielle was most definitely one of the larger of her hardy people. And a member of the White Wolves, the Scout (aka Thief) guild of Halas, her frozen home. This writer dares any of you to take all of these facts into consideration and suppress a smile, or even a chuckle, as he mentions the old adage, 'opposites attract.'

Xtis hopped smoothly from Haielle's bosom and took her hand, tugging on it. "Come with me, Haielle. I have a room booked at the inn, I need to talk to you." Bemused, and curious, the Barbarian woman allowed herself to be led to the inn of High Pass, and up the stairs, smiling at the familiar face of the bartender, whom returned it knowingly. He knew the little Gnome's plan, had given him advice on how to properly do it, though, knowing the gnome as he did, his advice would likely be ignored.

The room was bedecked with but a single bed and a dresser, as the inn was a Halfway Point, one of those places most people only stop in at for a night before continuing. The road from Qeynos to Freeport, and vice versa, was long, so long that it took almost a fortnight by foot. These places were godsends to the travellers walking the long, lonely path, but tonight, it was to be more.

There was some food the gnome had undoubtedly purchased laid out on a table, and a small curtain over the single window to keep out the light, dimming it for a more romantic mood. Two chairs, one lower than the other, sat at the table, and Xtis hopped up onto the taller chair while Haielle sat on the lower. It made them eye level once more, and the meal passed slowly, with a bit of wine passed between the two as they ate the fish caught from High Pass' very own lake (which Xtis had skinny dipped in with his female group mates more than once, and Haielle one memorable time). The light outside began to dwindle, and Xtis knew it would be time for his party's rotation in another hour or so, so he slid off of the chair and took Haielle's hand. The barbarian turned away from the finished meal, and tilted her head at the strange behavior the gnome was exhibiting. She saw him pull a dagger from one of his packs, and then drop to a crouch, and realized what was happening a moment before he spoke.

"Haielle, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" The Gnome's words came out in a rush, as he pressed the dagger - his form of an engagement gift - into her hand, his eyes locked on the woman's. Haielle bit her bottom lip before smiling, and answering "Yes."

Xtis nearly collapsed in relief, but at the same time was filled with such a fervor that it kept him on his feet. He lept from the floor onto Haielle's lap, the dagger flying to the floor as he kissed her, their disproportionate mouths locked together in a lingering kiss. During the meal, the two of them had been discarding armor pieces, and Haielle hadn't thought much of it until she felt something down near her kilt. With Xtis' arms around her powerful neck, and the two of them so caught up in the kiss, she couldn't exactly look down to see what it was. She felt it though - the little horny bastard's foot had gone past the waist of her kilt, and she was shocked at how nimble his toes were. Each one seemed like an independant digit, as his big toe slid down along her slit, pressing the neatly-trimmed toe into her gently. Surprised at herself, Haielle gave a low moan, which encouraged the gnome, using his toe to slowly probe her.

Haielle found something funny the next moment, but strangely erotic all the same. His big toe was roughly the same size as her clit! And Xtis had begun to carefully manipulate it with his toe, gently stroking it, making her gasp for breath against his mouth. She was free to gasp the next moment, as Xtis, balancing on his other foot on the chair, keeping his miniscule weight from hurting her, kissed down her neck, down her chest to the ample breasts concealed, albeit barely, by the leather brassiere. Nimble as could be, a hand went behind her and untied it, dropping it to the ground not too far away, leaning down and clasping her breast in his mouth, which was barely able to get a good grip. His left hand massaging the other breast, his tongue running over her nipple as he suckled on her breast, Haielle found it exceptionally erotic.

Xtis slid a second toe into her, this one smaller than the other, yet Haielle felt it amidst her rapidly growing slickness. She leaned back, causing the chair to fall backwards slightly, until it bumped into the wall, causing his toes to slide deeper into her and his big toe to press sharply down on her clit. A quick, sharp burst of a loud moan, and a shudder, went through her. Xtis switched breasts, massaging the slightly moist breast while sucking upon the other. Through all this, he was still dressed, in his Tinker's apron and tunic and small leather breeches. Haielle's hands undid his breeches as she found control of her body, pulling them down, and was shocked. He was easily the size of any Barbarian she'd ever seen, it looking almost like a literal third leg on him. She took him in her hand and stroked slowly, erratically, barely able to control her form as his toes skillfully manipulated her clit and slit, driving her mad with desire. 

Suddenly, his foot popped out of her, and he dropped from the chair onto the floor. With Haielle at this height, he had to get on his knees, running his hands up her exceptionally long legs, lingering at her thighs. Dexterous fingers toyed with the flesh leading up to her slit, and his warm lips placed a kiss on either side of her legs. It was, at this point, a scout of the Talons of Norrath, Teneel's guild, spied this, and quickly ran to tell the Feir'Dal Ranger what he had seen. (To those of you who play EQ - MISCHAN ABOVE =P)

His tongue found the entrance of her slit, and pressed into her, swirling about within her. Haielle at this point was practically a boiling cauldron of lust, the tongue only inciting her to higher plateaus. His tongue found her clit and swirled over it, lapping at it, causing Haielle to writhe and moan on the chair, aching. But his tongue was just shy of letting her cum, of releasing her from the pleasant agony that gripped her in its clutches. He balanced her like she'd seen him balance his sword, just before cutting. His tongue pulled from her slit, and she whimpered at being left empty, clutching at the gnome's head.

"Shhh, Haielle... you'll have something much better in you if you practice patience, my love..." Realizing what was coming next, she stilled herself, trying to prepare for it, but eager all the same. Xtis leaned forward, placing his hands to either side of her body, after discarding his apron and tunic, and she felt the bulbous head, roughly the size of his large nose, press against the opening of her slit. Hungrily, her hips bucked, but his hands, surprisingly strong, were on her hips to hold her in place against the chair. He pressed into her so very slowly, making her gasp and shudder in pleasure, while holding her breath. Remarkably, this lovely woman was still a virgin, and the thick shaft of the gnome was the first to enter her. The resistance seemed to melt away, however, as a short, sudden thrust had his thick rod buried all the way into the woman. She groaned and reached around, clutching the gnome's buttocks, but finding one hand was enough to cover both. He began to thrust, pumping into her, bit by bit. Enraptured by the pleasure of his large shaft, Haielle was merely able to moan and groan as he thrust into her. Her pleasured moans grew louder, more intense as he increased the power he sent into each thrust, and increased how much he pummeled her with. Soon, he was sinking every blissful inch into the larger woman, and nobody in the inn was left doubting as she shrieked towards the heavens, as the gnome came with her.

Clasped in each others arms, he more in hers than the other way around, she drew Xtis up, but without removing that marvelous shaft from her, kissing him lingeringly. They stayed like that for the rest of the night, and Xtis' absence in the rotation was easily explained away by his guildleader, Teneel, by claiming he'd had a more important task to tend to.

Now for those of you who are paying attention to details, you might be wondering why that lovely bed was never used. Well, for one, Xtis did have a definite advantage with that chair, and two, they both forgot about it after it all began. And they both remembered, and laughed before falling asleep in that low chair, curled for warmth. And Xtis missed a great many rotations the next day... and a new rumour began about that room in High Pass being haunted, for the innkeeper would let nobody into that room upstairs, yet the shrieks, mistook by many for pain, in truth pleasured, persisted for several days afterwards...