 My brother and I have always resented the term "halflings". We're proportioned just as we should be, and it doesn't make us any less than ordinary humans.

We didn't hear the term too often growing up, in a small community of our own kind. We've had to get used to the term though, since we've been on our quest.

I was awoken by my brother Matin's hand on my breast, and the heat of his body against my back. We had only rented one bed, our excuse to the innkeeper that a full-sized bed could fit the two of us. Which is true, but in reality it was more than that.

I pushed my rear back against him, and felt the obstacle of his stiff erection between us. An obstacle that I had a better place for. I wondered if he had been caressing me before I awoke, because I was already worked up to a feverish state of arousal, as his hand soon found between my legs. 

I rearranged myself so he could push his penis between my legs, and come to rest against my slippery lips. Feeling him against the outside of my genitals reminded me of how we had first started fooling around as innocent youngsters, so many years ago. I had fond memories of those early fumblings, when we had found our way around each others' bodies, figured out how to make each other respond. By now we were experts at it.

Then he slid into me, as he had accidentally for the first time all those years ago. This time it was deliberate, knowing the pleasure that awaited him inside me. We were practiced at this now, our union perfect.

"Are you sure you want to spill your seed in me, brother?" I cooed back at him. Not that I would mind in the least. I loved the feeling of it in me.

"Absolutely sure right now," he said, as his thrusting became less gentle.

He brought me to an orgasm, like I knew he would, and then I heard the belabored breathing that I knew signaled he was approaching his own. I reached behind my back, and grabbed his buttocks, pulling him into me, as I clenched my vagina around him. 

"Still sure?" I asked, with the little breath I still had.

"More than ever," he said. "Do you want it in you?"

"Of course I do," I said, just before I felt him explode inside me, triggering an orgasm of my own. We lay there, tightly conjoined as he emptied himself in me, the tip of his penis held as deep in me as it would go. We fit together snuggly, like we were made for each other. I couldn't imagine sex feeling as good with anyone else, though I would have to get used to it soon.

We had been doing this for some time, and by now we knew for fairly certain that there was no chance that I would get pregnant from it. Us halflings were becoming less and less able to breed amongst ourselves. No one knew why, whether it was the genetic isolation of our community, or some powerful magician's curse.

Matin and I were the last two adolescents in the entire community; no new children had been born since my brother and I. 

When our parents first caught us in the act, their reprimand was a gentle chiding. At the same time, they were excited to see that we had reached sexually maturity. Because once we had, there was much more we could be doing for the community. If there was any chance left of continuing our kind, it was in one of the two of us. Everyone else had already been tried. 

So in the first couple of years after that, I was paired with all the halfling men who were still able to put their seed in me. It was a small community, so I knew them all quite well before I went to bed with them. It was always a very loving process, and with some of them it was also very intense. With so many partners, I learned a lot in a short time, about my own body and about what I could do to a man's. My brother was also paired off with the village women, but somehow we always managed to have enough energy for me too, and enough sperm to make me feel warm inside.

When it all proved fruitless, my brother and I took off on our quest. We couldn't just stay there in a dying town and let our hope run out. Maybe there were other halflings out there who weren't cursed with infertility like the ones we had left behind. Or maybe we could find mates amongst the regular sized humans. There had been halfbreeds before, in ages past.

My brother and I traveled far, but found no partners, of our own kind or otherwise. Humans never seemed to look our way, no matter how brazen I would be. My brother had initially intended to save himself up for a partner, but soon took consolation in me. I was more than happy to console him, even if it would make him less potent if he ever did find a mate.

After our morning in bed, we left the inn, my face red with the glow of a freshly fucked young woman in her sexual prime. I knew this was my most fertile time of the month, and I struggled to come up with a plan as we hiked to the next town.

After a long day on the road, we stopped at a small town with only one inn. The common room was packed, but the owner seated us at a table off to the side, where there were two giants, a man and a woman. 

I had heard of giants, but had never met them before, and tried not to stare. The woman was so wide and tall and buxom, her skin tight over plump limbs. She was very much my brother's type, in that she looked sort of like me, but over twice my height. And the man, he seemed to have the same jawline as my brother, but a different hairstyle, more closely cropped. His arms hunched over the table were humongous.

We introduced ourselves, and found out that the two giants, Lydia and Jonah, were brother and sister also. We chatted over ale, about how normal humans paid us so little mind, and found that they suffered from the same, despite their size. Or because of it.

My brother and I had a good amount of ale, trying to keep up with the two of them. By the end of the meal, he had quite lost his inhibitions, and seemed very fond of Lydia, leaning against her. For her part, she seemed amused at his affection. And then they started to make out, and I can only assume that there was more going on under the table, where I couldn't see his hands.

I asked if Jonah minded seeing his sister seduced in front of him. He confided that they were on a quest much like our own, to sow their wild oats for the sake of a dwindling race back home. The drink was making me giddy and bold as well, and I guided his hand to my bosom. 

Jonah asked if my brother and I had reserved a room of our own. We hadn't yet, so he suggested that we save money by all going back to the room that Jonah and Emily had reserved. My brother certainly had no objections. 

If this was going where it seemed to be going, it would be the first time that I would see my brother have intercourse with someone else. But I tried to get past my initial insecurity about the idea, and agreed. 

The giants' room was spacious compared to how we had been lodging, with two full-sized beds across from each other. My brother and Lydia adjourned to one of them, where they hastily started undressing one another. I saw his delight at just how much of her body there was to explore, from her voluminous, pillowy breasts to the thick muscle of her thighs. It was a side of him that I had never known was there. She was thoroughly enjoying his ministrations.

At the same time, I sat on the other bed, and asked Jonah to join me. He seemed more shy than his sister, though I could tell from the shake in his hands and the bulge in his trousers that he was no less enthused. I undressed myself for him, and brought his large mouth to my breasts, which though large for my frame, felt small in his grasp. I caressed him, pulling off his shirt to reveal an unbelievably broad set of shoulders, and then worked off his tight-fitting trousers, revealing more cock than I had ever seen on one person before. It was glistening with precum and sticking out of his lap as he sat on the edge of the bed. I leaned over and licked it clean, though there wasn't much of it that I could fit inside my mouth.

Across the room, my brother was already rutting his pole wildly into Lydia's crevice, which was large enough for me to see from across the room. It was as if he hadn't spent himself inside me earlier that day. I could tell how wet she was from the squelching noises between them, and she was purring appreciatively.

Meanwhile, Jonah pulled me up from his lap and lay me down on the bed, and then he more than returned the favor, his large and dextrous tongue driving me wild with its gentle touch against my clit, its teasing plunge into my hole. He brought me to one orgasm after another, and yet I felt the need to be fucked more than ever. I had my concerns about Jonah's giant cock, but with my brother preoccupied, it was that or go mad. 

"I want you to fuck me," I told him.

He looked up and asked, "Are you sure?"

I nodded. He seemed to know the dangers his body posed to me, and I trusted him to be gentle. I lay back in the bed, and spread my legs as wide as I could as he leaned over me, careful not to rest his weight on me. 

I felt him work the head of his cock up and down my already-slippery slit, and then I felt the pressure of it pressing into my hole. He slid just the tip of it into me, and stopped there, letting me adjust to his size. In that moment I was glad that I had my brother's semen inside me to help lubricate me.

I felt myself stretching to accommodate him. I knew that, at least in the short term, sex with my brother would never feel the same again. I looked across the room, to where he was now on his back with Lydia squatting over his crotch. My brother and I exchanged a look; he had been watching Jonah mount me, and across the room I said to him "I'm sorry" for destroying what we'd had together for years. 

I was driven to tears by the intensity of Jonah completely filling me. It was like losing my virginity all over again, to feel the humongous head of his cock intruding into me. Despite the initial pain, I was soon overtaken by an orgasm. Despite myself I bucked against him, my vaginal muscles trying to contract against the large obstruction inside of me. I felt like I had released a lot of fluid, but none of it leaked out right away, plugged up as I was. But after I had cum, I felt that there was more to me that he hadn't filled yet.

"A little deeper," I said, pulling his wide hips towards mine, though there was still a length of penis separating us. He obliged, and eased himself further into me, filling me completely, right up to the entrance to my womb. I shook as another orgasm rocked me, and rippled through my muscles. 

He could only move in and out by milimeters, but stretched around him as I was, I left his every movement in exquisite detail.

I then felt Jonah's penis swell inside me, a strain against my vaginal walls. 

"I'm sorry, you just feel so tight," he said by way of warning before I was hit with the force of his ejaculate right at my cervix. 

"Don't be," was all I managed to say as I came again right away as his sperm flooded into me. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before, as the volume of his semen filled every last nook inside me with warmth and pressure. A jet of it went straight up into my uterus in a way that my brother's never had. I was sweating from the heat inside my body, even though I hadn't worked all that hard, and my hips were bucking up against the giant shaft, trying to take any more of it that I could fit inside of me.  

At the same time, the other bed was squeaking and creaking as Lydia lost control, cumming with a high-pitched yell, as my brother shot his wad somewhere up into her. He must have hit his target, because she kept saying "That's it!"

Jonah and I made love again, once it was safe for us to move again. He actually got to thrust in and out of me this time, having somewhat broken me in. But knowing my limits, he kept his hand wrapped around his cock at the point that he knew it would bottom out inside me. Ultimately he came in me again, flooding my vagina with so much seed that some poured out onto the bed when he withdrew. Meanwhile my brother humped Lydia frantically again, from behind this time, until I saw his buttocks tense as he plunged his little penis as far into her as he could, while he rubbed her clit with his free hand until she convulsed.

I thought we were all spent, but to my surprise, Lydia, still hot and bothered, demanded that her brother Jonah do her right. She bent over the side of the bed frame as her brother Jonah rammed his enormous cock into her, showing her none of the gentleness and restraint that he had shown me. The two giants shook the whole room with their fucking. 

Lydia brought my brother Matin back to hardness with her mouth as she got good and properly fucked by her brother. But Matin longed for my familiar embrace, so we coupled incestuously right next to the other brother and sister. 

As he sat on the bed, I straddled him and lowered myself onto his lap. Jonah's semen poured out of me, coating my brother's penis. He slid up into me easily, more easily than he ever had before, even when he had had sloppy seconds with me before. I did everything I could to squeeze my muscles around him and pull him deeper into me, until he erupted inside me, adding his load to the two much larger ones that I had just taken.

The next morning I was pretty sure that something had happened, but rather than wait and see, I went to a nearby fortuneteller, who confirmed that I had conceived. Lydia came with me, and also got happy news. 

As we walked back to the inn together, I told her I was sorry that her coupling with my brother hadn't been as pleasurable as mine with her brother. But she said Matin had treated her well enough, and that I would have a harder time of it when I gave birth. I agreed and told her I hoped the child would take after its mother.