 "You didn't think when you decided to break into one of the most well-protected scientific laboratories on the planet, did you?" 

Eletha groans and looks around, only to realize she's strapped down to a lab table with a white-haired, blue-eyed Elven man looking down at her. A quick glance at the nearest wall clock told her it was 8:34 in the evening. 

Her heart sinks when she recognizes him as the prince of Luninost. 

Not that there was anyone else he could have been. The royal family was the only family with that hair and eye color combination. Tall and lean, the prince wore a white dress shirt, lab coat, and a pair of skin-tight slacks that accentuated a bulge in his pants that told her he was at half-mast and huge. 

"Well I certainly didn't expect tranq gas in your damn bathroom and for the prince to be in the building." Eletha struggled and attempted to escape, but the bindings wrapped around her neck, wrists, and ankles were like steel. 

She had been sent in to spy on the laboratory, maybe steal some documents. The money from this job was going to be funneled directly to the human rights group she worked with the most. "So... what're you gonna do to me?" 

The prince chuckles softly. "The lab is attached to the palace, why wouldn't I be in here? As for you..." He smirks and turns towards a small cart next to him. "I have some... compounds I want to test on you." 

"But... testing on humanoids is illegal!" 

"No one knows you've infiltrated the lab, this chamber isn't on the floorplans, and is soundproof... no one will ever know you're here." He takes out a pair of scissors and skillfully cuts her suit off, the fabric hitting the floor with a soft rustle. As she curses and struggles, he forces a ring gag into her mouth, cutting off her ability to speak. "Besides, while testing on humanoids is illegal, keeping a lower race like you humans as a pet is most certainly not illegal." He grinned and squeezed her nipple, causing her to gasp and softly moan. "So I can do whatever I want to you, pet." 

He smirks at her complete lack of breasts before reaching for a vial of pink liquid. "Let's fix that pitiful excuse for a bosom. I will not have a pet built like an ironing board." 

Eletha made garbled noises that could have been obscenities as the sickly-sweet liquid poured down her throat. It was thick and viscous, already sticking to her throat as it slid down. Once it was all down her throat, he removed the gag and smiled. "Now we wait." 

"What... was that?" 

"Oh, nothing much, just a cocktail of hormones and chemicals. Estrogen, Prolactin..." He recited a few other technical sounding words before she was distracted by a burning ache in her chest, accompanied by a feeling of fullness as her breasts began to swell. 

By the time they stopped growing, her breasts were the size of her head and felt oddly full. Her rock-hard nipples stood prominently in the cold air of the lab, now the size of the tip of her little finger. 

"Much better." The prince grinned and gently groped her breasts as Eletha stifled her moans and pants. His fingers skillfully toyed with her nipples, sending a constant stream of pleasure through her body. After a few moments, he released his grip on her breasts and stepped back. "Now... let's see if there are any side effects." 

Eletha tried to steady her breathing, well-aware of the warmth building between her legs. Her breasts felt so full they ached and throbbed in a way that caused the warm ache between her legs to intensify. 

The prince pushed a button and the table she was strapped to started to move and change position. Soon, she was on top of the table on all fours, her breasts swaying gently. 

This is humiliating... The air, cooled by the lab's climate control system, caused her exposed pussy to twitch and spasm. 

"Now that you're in position..." He grabbed what looked like a pair of milking tubes, connecting them to her breasts and turning on the machine. Eletha stared in shock as her breasts began to leak milk into the machine. 

"Hm. Seems it causes lactation. Good to know." He chuckles. "Maybe I'll keep you for just that." 

Before she could protest that statement, a machine with a slim protrusion emerged from under the table and aligned itself with her damp, trembling pussy. It pushed inside with a soft squishing sound and started gently vibrating inside her. 

Pure pleasure exploded in Eletha's brain, chasing away her thoughts and leaving only a focus on just how good what just happened was. 

"Ohh..." 

Then the protrusion began to swell, filling her pussy tightly. Eletha groans softly, panting and trembling at the sensation of being filled almost to rupture. It felt heavenly, being filled like this. 

"Oh, gods... it's so big... it's gonna break me..." Eletha's face reddens, not realizing she'd said that aloud. The embarrassment was driven away quickly as the thing inside her continued vibrating. 

The prince laughed and squeezed one of her nipples, causing her to moan loudly and slightly buck her hips, only driving the device deeper inside her. "You're already on edge? I've only just begun. But..." He smiles as his phone starts ringing in the nearby desk. "Oh, drat. I nearly forgot about dinner with my mother. Foolish me, I'll be late if I don't hurry." He types something into the touchpad, then smiles. "Have a good night, my pet." 

The prince then turned and left, leaving Eletha at the mercy of the machine. The clock on the wall said it was 9:30. 

It was nearly another half-hour before the machine sucking milk from her breasts disconnected. Her nipples were bright red and tender, leaking a few drops on the table before they stopped. 

The thing inside her pussy slid out, causing her to emit a soft whine. The machine chirped and whirred, then moved her into an upright and seated position, her legs spread wide open. 

Dazed and confused from the move, Eletha could only stare as the machine slid a pair of metal rings over her breasts, the fabric lining them cool against her flushed skin. 

The rings tightened, clinging to her breasts as they extended metal rods similar to insect legs. They were tipped with pads that looked like the head of a toothbrush. 

She yelped as they made contact with her nipples, the bristles silk-soft and almost soothing. Then they started to vibrate gently as the rods spun, leaving no part of her nipples untouched as the silky fibers swirl around the rosy nubs. 

"Ohh... please, stop that, they're still sensitive..." Eletha whimpers, as if expecting the machine to understand her. Not good... if this keeps up, I'll orgasm for certain... 

Eletha wasn't sure what bothered her more, the idea that a machine was going to make her come, or that the idea excited her. The rods start spinning faster, driving the thought from her mind as her pussy started dripping onto the floor. It was aching, yearning for release. 

"Oh, yes... faster..." Eletha's cheeks redden at the words coming out of her. What's wrong with me!? "Please... give me more..." 

As if hearing and understanding her, the bristle pads vibrate more intensely, bringing Eletha to the brink of release. 

"Yes... please, I'm almost there..." 

A third metal ring snapped around her waist, a single bristle pad tipped rod emerging from the front and pressing against her clit. After a second, it starts vibrating at the same speed as the ones on her nipples. 

Eletha let out a scream of pleasure as her pussy spasmed, spots dancing in her vision as orgasm built... 

Only for the bristle pads to pull away just before release. The device continued this throughout the night, bringing Eletha to the brink over and over only to deny her that last push. Eletha looked around in a daze, desperate for something, anything she could do to. Her restraints were too strong, especially in her addled state. 

A nearby wall clock told her it was almost 4 in the morning, not that it mattered much to her at this point. Rivulets of arousal fluids ran down her pussy and onto the floor, and her sore, tender nipples were dripping milk onto the floor. She was fairly certain the silken softness of the bristles was the only reason her nipples weren't raw. 

He's trying to torture me with pleasure instead of pain... I need to endure. She wiggled her hips and chest despite her mind fighting it, trying to urge the things into making her come. It had just removed the bristles again. 

"Please... I wanna come... let me come! Let me come, please it hurts!" The machine reapplied the bristles, causing her to let out an incoherent scream of pleasure. 

Finally, after what felt like years, the prince opened the door, bringing Eletha back to reality. He approached the touchpad and pushed a button, causing the metal rings to fully retract the bristle pads and fall off, mechanical arms putting them away. 

"Have you slept well, pet?" 

Eletha let out a soft moan. "Wanna come..." I can do this. I'm a spy, dammit, part of the training's to resist torture! 

"Don't worry, pet. You'll get to come soon enough." He takes out a vial containing a pale yellow liquid and draws it up into a syringe before sliding the syringe into a slot in the machine. 

"This is concentrated incubus essence. I've never seen what it will do in a human." he walks over to a touchpad in front of Eletha and pokes at it for a moment. "Let's find out." 

The thing she was strapped to returned her to all fours. A needle emerged from a port underneath Eletha's belly, and she felt a sharp sting in her clitoris that turned into a burning sensation for nearly five seconds before the needle withdrew back into the port to be disposed of. 

"What a good girl... let's reward you..." He pushed a button and the thick protrusion from before plunged inside her, vibrating as Eletha moaned and bucked her hips. After she stilled, it started roughly thrusting in and out of her pussy. 

The burn turned into an almost euphoric ache as her mind started to fog over with the urge to touch her clit. It felt so hot and stiff, seeming to throb with need. It was like the bristle pad was back against her clit. 

"Ohh! Oh, gods... ohh..." Eletha's mind was crumbling. How she got here, what she was doing... it was fading away under the ache of her tormented clit and pounded pussy. 

"Well, isn't that interesting..." The prince's voice drew her back to reality. 

She licked her dry lips, forcing her addled mind to make a coherent thought beyond seeking pleasure. She couldn't show it, but she was thankful for something to focus on... something to try and use to keep her mind intact. "What is?" 

"Watch..." He pushed a button and she was returned to an upright position and a mirror slid down in front of her. 

Eletha barely recognized the big-breasted woman covered in sweat and pussy fluids before her as herself. Her expression was one of pure bliss as a massive dildo pounded her pussy, causing her breasts to bounce. 

As her eyes roamed over the image, thankful for something to distract her from her throbbing clit, they stopped at her waist. 

Nestled in her dark brown pubic hair was a cock. It was small, only five inches long, but growing longer and thicker with every throb. As she watched it grow, it began bouncing from the force of the machine's fucking. 

Why... why does growing a cock feel so good... No, focus. If I pretend I'm broken, he'll let me go and I can escape. I just need to hold on a little while longer. 

By the time it stopped getting longer, it was ten inches long. It continued to thicken for almost a minute, with her estimating that it was three fingers wide and three and a half thick by the time it stopped. 

The throbbing finally eased as a grapefruit-sized ball-sack bloomed into view. The new appendage was fully erect, some of the veins bulging out at the sides, clear fluid seeping from the top. 

Her cock was so hard it hurt, the head almost purple from all the blood rushing to it. The prince, seeing it's tormented state, pressed a few buttons on the touchpad. "Let's try and alleviate some of the discomfort..." 

Eletha whimpered as the dildo was taken out and a cloth-lined sleeve was slid over her cock, the head poking out into a clear dome as it nestled against the base. A gentle warmth soon bloomed in the cloth, followed by gentle massaging sensation covered her shaft, soon paired with slight vibration. 

"Oh, god... what... what are..." A surge of pleasure cut off her ability to make words as Eletha let out a moan. Her pussy was aching again, yearning for something to be stuffed inside it. 

"You'll see." He attaches a tube to the dome and presses another button. A sensation similar to the milking machine returns, this time focused on her cock. 

This was too much when paired with the sensations from the sleeve and the twelve hours of pleasure she'd endured earlier. She felt something in her belly wind up like a spring, her balls contracting and pulling close to her body. 

Eletha whimpered softly as the sensation built to a crescendo. "Gonna come..." 

Her hips started rocking slowly as white dots began dancing in her vision. "Gonna come... gonna come... oh god, yes... yes, yes, YES!" 

There was a moment where she feared that he would stop the machine just before she could orgasm, but he didn't stop. The dam burst. Cum flooded out of her cock as Eletha howled in pleasure. 

As each twitch of her cock released more cum, Eletha felt all desire to escape leave her body. Why would she want to leave someone who gave her this much pleasure? Her orgasm continued for over a minute, filling the tube's receptacle with thick cum. 

Finally, the orgasm stopped and the sleeve slid off, her cock still rock hard to her great surprise. 

Eletha nearly screamed when the prince ran a finger over the throbbing length. "So smooth and soft..." He looks at her face, chuckling. "What a face... Do you really want to come again that badly?" 

She nodded, barely able to think under the onslaught of pleasure. "I... I want to feel like that again." 

"Alright, alright. On one condition. You'll become my sex pet and serve me for the rest of your days." 

The idea of what she just experienced happening again brought her new energy and clarity. "I'll do it!" 

"It's settled then, my pet. From now on, you call me master and satisfy my desires. I'll treat you very well."