 Nearly a half-century ago, the Kingdom of the Gods fell into a ruin born of its own decadence as seductive demons claimed the minds and souls of the Royal Family. The demons began waging war upon the scattered knighthoods, wizards' towers and militias that remained. The native fey, however, often proved a complication—though a welcome one, more often than not.

Fey have no souls to devour, but they're still lots of fun to play with.

It was the winter of the 156th Year Before (no one was really sure what the calendar was counting down to, but getting into an argument with seers was a fantastic way to waste one's day) and snow was piling up over the windows of the mountain lair of the Prince of Delights, the succubus lord Marriolkvio.

It was quite toasty inside, naturally.

Marius, as he allowed his future pets to call him before they settled into calling him Master, lounged back in his throne and smiled, savoring the long tongues that lapped and twined around his big, throbbing cock. He stretched and glanced down smugly at his attendants. "Very good, little moths," he purred, reaching over and stroking the antennae of one tenderly. His hand slipped down to stroke her silvery-lavender hair. "But my Silver, Rose seems to be taking to it a bit more... eagerly."

Kneeling between the demon lord's legs, the two dopterines whimpered. 'Silver,' with her long, wavy hair, gasping plump purple lips and brilliant, glowing red eyes, was his favorite—especially with how her eyes widened, her long, slippery tongue lolling out as she heard her Master's mild criticism. She redoubled her efforts, her need to be the best filling the succubus of Pride with amusement.

'Rose', of course, glowed with satisfaction. That was even more lovely to Marius—her sense of pride, unearned, was the most delicious treat of all.

And she was still quite good with that tongue of hers. She licked and moaned, her soft burgundy hair spilling down her shoulders, her eyes that same shade of glowing, pulsating red.

Every drop of him was an intoxicating delicacy. Mothgirls were always suckers for, well, sucking, and licking, and suckling—but to Marius's delight, they were even more susceptible to his demonic essence. Now that they had been fucked molten by his almighty cock, of course.

"Go ahead," he murmured, licking his lips as they blinked up at him. "Try. Try again, my sweet things."

He began to let his active controls slip from their minds. They stared up at him, uncomprehending, briefly continuing to lick with the same desperation to please.

Then realization seemed to trickle back to them, and they exchanged looks.

Their antennae twitched, twisted, twined, and beautiful red-and-lavender lights spilled into the air. The lights soared up to swirl around his head, bathing him in a whirlpool of pulsating colors.

Marius lay back and enjoyed the show, his eyelids fluttering half-shut beneath the illusions.

Ah, the hubris of mortals.

"Our... good Master," whispered Silver, pausing to swirl her tongue around his tip. "I-I mean, Marius. Our good, sweet Marius, s-so... so sleepy..."

He stretched and lay back, giving an exaggerated yawn. He heard her breath catch and concealed his grin.

"Yes, sleepy," Rose echoed, her own voice quavering, "sleepy, sleepy Marius. Just lie back and... mm..." Her lips slid over the head of his cock.

The glimmering spots above him rippled outward, giving way to pink and purple. Marius watched happily.

"We can... can take care of you," Silver murmured, her voice taking on some tiny shred of confidence. "Make you... happy."

Daringly, she licked up his shaft and started kissing up his body, the sweet sounds an accompaniment to Rose's voice as her fellow sorceress pulled off of his cock again.

"Happy..." he mumbled, as the glowing orbs flashed and spun. Even though he knew exactly what was happening, he had to admit, the lights certainly were... intense.

"Make you so happy," Rose agreed, planting tiny kisses on his cock head, one after the other. With every kiss, the circles seemed to spiral even faster, splitting into deeper and finer minispirals, expanding to fill his vision. "Aren't—mwah—we making you—mwah—so very happy, now?"

He tried to answer, but then Silver appeared in his vision, her red glowing eyes glinting with mischief. Their glow had dimmed considerably, and he could almost see the clear hazel eyes underneath his red glaze. She put a finger on his lips. "And don't you want us," she cooed, "to make you even happier?"

The lights swirled around her face. She had such a pretty smile, such a lovely smirk. He stared up, gasping, overwhelmed as Rose's plump, perfect cocksucking lips planted deeper and deeper 'kisses,' her lips sliding over his shaft... the lights were swirling, swirling...

Silver beamed and caressed his cheek. "Silly Marius," she breathed, the red glaze almost faded from her gaze. She was so close to freedom... so close to his enslavement...

And he knew how he must look to her. Marriolkvio was a perfect specimen of masculinity, muscular and yet lean and lithe, like a steel cable. His black hair was almost perfectly coiffed, even in his current state—naked save for a simple vest, lounging back in his throne of animal furs, his brilliant red eyes currently glazed and heavy-lidded as he gazed into hers, his vast, majestic swan wings serving as a comfortable blanket against which to lie, his pronged antlers like a crown of sapphires, his long, barbed tail twining affectionately around Rose's neck...

Silver bit her lip. She wanted him. She needed him. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment and desire, her eyes burning with passion, as she leaned in close...

"Silly Marius," she gasped, her lips brushing against his own. "So... so..."

"Happy," he murmured, kissing her. He felt and heard her whimper into the kiss, wriggling against him. Her eyes fluttered shut.

"Happy," he heard Rose whisper, as she took him into her mouth, lips smacking audibly in her hunger, her thirst. "S-So... so..."

"Easy," he purred between the kisses. Silver whined as his many forked tongues toyed with her own. His tail pulled Rose down, and the dopterine gave an almost relieved sound as she was guided—with little struggle—to slide his great girth all the way into her mouth.

The lights spun around him as he took Silver by the chin and pulled her back, his tongues wrapped around hers, holding it prisoner. He smiled slyly at her. See how happy you make me? he whispered in her mind, and he savored her shivers as she clung to him tighter.

Rose's head was bouncing and bobbing in his lap. His tail just caressed her cheek, stroked her hair, encouraged her as she sucked with a delightful hunger. She was even more thirsty to brainwash herself than she'd been the last time he'd let them try this.

But of course she was. After the third failed attempt, she knew how good it felt to fail.

It seemed that Silver was coming to the same conclusion, because the red glow in her eyes had returned, and she was rubbing against him, showing off her luscious curves, batting her eyelashes and jutting out her lower lip in a needy pout, like a lust sprite who hadn't been fucked in months. She was practically humping him.

He smiled, giving a happy sigh as he released her. She kissed his neck needily, clearly still thirsting for the kiss to resume. All it took was a kiss. Or a little suck. So easily were these mortals turned into molten little harlots...

"Enough," he purred, stroking her hair. The swirling lights faded. "Very good girls. You made an absolutely adorable effort."

"Yes, Master," Silver whispered. Rose moaned and sucked and slurped.

He gently guided Rose off of him with his tail. No sense in letting her suck her soul away just yet. These two sorceresses had been fools to challenge him before, and he still needed to be sure they'd learned their lessons.

"Now," he murmured, guiding Silver back down to join her fellow brainwashed mothgirl, "little would-be rebels, I think it's time for another licking conte—"

There was a knock at the door.

Marius looked up, an eyebrow raised, to regard the plain oak door. The troll he'd stolen this cozy dugout from had enchanted the door against enemies, but that had been the first thing to go. Marius quite adored it when his enemies came in to try and stop him and his demonic brethren from conquering Lacra.

He cradled the two dopterines, mashing their cheeks together slightly in his hands, caressing them. It was so much fun to put them in their place. Again. And again. They stared up at him, drooling slightly, glazed eyes showing how lost they were to his aura of pure, awestruck desire.

"You may enter," he called, chuckling.

The door opened, and a gust of cold mountain air struck Marius, as did the roar of the blizzard outside. Three figured entered.

Two were human men, slaves of Marius. They were bundled against the cold, though with Marius's blessing upon them in the form of the glowing red eyes, they wouldn't even feel it. One of them seemed to be feeling something else, though.

The third was pressed against him, totally naked save for a red silk loincloth and the minimalistic scarlet top of an erotic dancer. Her brilliant turquoise-green hair bounced behind her head in two pigtails, and that—along with her emerald-green lips and absolutely gloriously curvy, spoon-hipped, unspeakably flexible body—identified her as a nymph.

He could tell she was flexible because she was currently rubbing and gyrating against one of the male servants, giving him a standing lapdance that seemed to be draining the boy of his ability to form cogent sentences as he squeaked out, "Y-Your Grace..."

"Mm..." the nymph wiggled her ass. She had a lovely, curvy ass, Marius couldn't help but notice, and in spite of the silver collar and chain around her neck, she still seemed to be resisting—at least enough to torment her captor a little.

Fey and demons were natural enemies, or unnatural enemies, really. She seemed proud, confident in the power of her body to control others. Delightful.

"We captured her in the forest," the other man said, swallowing, averting his eyes from his Prince. "We lost three others to her first. But I was able to collar her."

"I-It was me," the slave currently being teased whined. "I collared her, Master!"

The nymph giggled, looking almost bashful. She stepped away from the hapless human and gave a low curtsey. She moved with impressive grace, even by fey standards. She smiled up at Marius.

Marius returned her smile. He released the two dopterines, who fell back amongst each other, kissing and moaning. "You may go," he said to the two humans. "You have done well. Go indulge with the lust sprites."

A chorus of giggles came from the other room as the men practically bolted for the sprite chamber, where they would be kept happy and content until Marius next needed them.

Marius watched the nymph through heavy-lidded eyes, then raised a hand.

He snapped his fingers. The collar clicked open and fell away, clinking and clattering to the hardwood floor.

The nymph blinked at him. She swayed slightly, as her free will came trickling back. Slowly, of course—binding silver took a while for a fey to fully shake off, and Silver and Rose had crafted those collars well. "What... what did..."

He beckoned. "You don't need that, silly thing." His voice was a soft purr, and he enjoyed the way she shivered. "I'm sure you will be a good plaything for me, won't you?"

She stared at him. Gently, he let a little wave of lust and pride pour out. The dopterines' moans signaled it hitting them, and the flushing of the nymph's cheeks told him he had found his mark.

"Of... of course," she murmured, unable to conceal a small smirk. She sauntered closer, following his beckoning finger. Marius grinned at her confidence. "Oh, my Prince, you are everything I'd imagined. May I... may I..." She stood before him, blinking wide eyes, as the dopterines rolled away to continue their edging and lovemaking. Her eyes were slightly glazed as she stared at his immense cock.

He sighed happily, admiring her form—and that lovely expression. "What is your name, lovely thing?"

She blinked rapidly. "Um. I am called, um. Elle." She bit her lip. "I mean, it is... it is short for Chanterelle."

"What a pretty name!"

She blushed.

"So, tell me, Chanterelle..." He lazily reached down and gave his cock a little stroke as he blatantly ogled his newest wife. "... do you feel worthy of this?"

Her pupils visibly dilated as a droplet of precum dripped out. He let another subtle little wave of lust and pride flow out and savored her shudder.

But to his surprise, she nodded. "Yes, Master," she said sweetly. "Oh, yes!"

He raised an eyebrow. That was new, and not the begging self-effacement he had come to expect from his pets. "Really? And what's so special about you?"

"Oh, Master," she breathed, and she leaned in slightly. She smelled of exotic spices—a sweet, smoke perfume that was heady to inhale, especially in the heat of this home. "Master, you happen to be speaking to the greatest dancer in the world."

He almost shuddered himself at the pride in her voice. Oh, such arrogance. He hadn't even had to bait her into it.

And yet... he swallowed. Could it be? If it was even close to true—and she was nimble, he had to admit, as she hung over him, her massive breasts forming a delightful canyon before his greedy gaze—it would be a wonderful addition to his harem. The greatest dancer in the world... and she was his.

And regardless, if she thought she was the greatest dancer, that was enough.

He reached up and caressed her cheek with the hand he wasn't using to slowly edge himself . "And why haven't I heard of you?"

To his delight, her smirk faltered slightly at this. She bit her lip. "I—I do not lie, demon!" Her defiant tone was undercut by the way her eyes followed his hand as he slowly pumped his cock, built his own arousal. She was barely a foot or so away from having her lips around him, and the aura he bore had to be unbearable, intoxicating. Marius was surprised she wasn't already a whimpering wreck.

"How would I know?" Marius purred, stroking her hair. He was tempted to undo her pigtails, as he liked his wives to have long, flowing hair, but he decided to leave them for now. "Perhaps you should... show me. What kind of dancer are you, pet?"

She stared at his cock and gave a tiny whimper. She seemed desperate to speak, but she also seemed desperate to dive down, take his prick into her mouth, and suck until her mind was dribbling out her ears. Her compromise was to bite her lip and say nothing.

"Perhaps... lap dancer?" he cooed, patting her cheek. His eyelids half-closed with pleasure as he nearly hit his orgasm, but he kept slowly pumping, holding it off by sheer force of will. He could edge himself like this for hours if he needed to. With every stroke, the waves of pride and lust would pour out. Many succubi lacked the will to deny themselves so long, but Marius almost never came—it was the ultimate gift to a mortal to fuck them with his cock until their soul melted into his hands, and it was the ultimate sign of strength to do so without ever coming in them.

"B-Belly dancer," she whispered, her eyes the size of saucers. Her hips swung from side to side slightly, and she managed to tear her gaze from his engorged cock to smile at him. Her vision remained clouded, but she was fighting well, to his delight. "Ooh, Master, please allow me to show you. Let me show I'm... worthy." She licked her lips, her cheeks going bright red.

Marius smiled.

~ ~ ~ ~

Elle swallowed, desperately trying to gaze anywhere but at her new Master's massive, wonderful cock. There was lust radiating off of him like a smothering lead-lined curtain. He was mocking her. Toying with her.

Did he know? Did he know what she had planned? The nymph tried to suppress her fear. No. No, of course he didn't. Even if he was clearly brilliant, and insightful, and handsome, and hard, and could fuck her into next week until she was a squealing, obedient wife who wanted nothing more than to be degraded, to be bred...

"That sounds lovely," he purred, stroking her cheek. She trembled at his touch. Another wave of desire flowed through her, and she barely held in a whimper, barely kept her eyes in his... in his eyes instead of his cock. Those eyes, such a pretty red, pulsing, throbbing, so big and... and...

"Well?" the demon lord whispered, and she gave a start. She whimpered and tore her gaze from his member, then backed away.

She felt better as she did so. She watched as the prince beckoned, and the two dopterines rose back up and started licking him, their moans of pure pleasure an unbearable sonata to dance to—and a reminder of how delicious the stakes were.

She swung her hips to the side and struck a pose, readying herself.

Showtime.

~ ~ ~ ~

She truly was gorgeous.

Marius watched her prepare to dance, and smiled as his dopterines started licking him. With every lick, they built him higher, made him hornier and hornier—and made it that much more unbearable for both them and their soon-to-be fellow wife.

Elle was breathtaking. Even if she couldn't dance, Marius knew she was going to be one of his favorite toys—especially since she, unlike his mothgirls, had no soul he'd eventually need to steal. With her luscious spoon hips, he could have her bounce and jiggle in his lap, making her scream as he fucked her to orgasm after orgasm, groping her just as she was currently groping herself, running her hands over her body, moaning softly.

She smiled up at him, and he admired her lovely smile, her pretty foggy green eyes with such thick lashes, such heavy lids. He mirrored her expression, licking his lips as he felt those slow, eager tongues lap over his shaft.

He let another wave of lust rush out as she began her dance. To her credit, she did not stumble.

The nymph began to swing her hips, turning away but craning her neck to watch him over her shoulder. Her hips swayed with a gentle rhythm that somehow perfectly matched the pace of the mothgirls' licking.

"I must please my Master," she purred, spinning and twirling, shaking her hips, gyrating her body. "Does this please you, Master?"

"It's alright," he said softly, watching her sway. He lay back and started petting the mothgirls, encouraging them to slow down a little.

As they slowed down, so did Elle. Her moans, and the dopterine's licks, formed the soundtrack. She writhed and caressed her body, continuing to swing her hips, and his eyes followed her ass with delight. The way she moaned, she could almost be getting off on it—and it was so easy to imagine that she was, or that she was in his lap, getting off on him.

He bucked slightly, never taking his eyes off of her ass—and her ass never left his view as she danced and swayed like a cobra, circling around him.

"So strong," she whispered, her eyes on his cock. "Oh, Master, you torment me."

He smirked, letting another wave of arousal rush out even as his own pleasure rose slightly. He had to be careful to hold it back down. He almost spoke, but it felt like more effort than it was worth—and besides, he didn't want to interrupt the 'music.'

She returned his smile, gyrating and stroking over her midriff. She kept swinging that magnificent ass, though. Back and forth. Back and forth. So impossibly soft... and round...

"And paying attention so well, too," she cooed. Back and forth. "Few can so easily keep track of me, but your eyes are just... glued, aren't they?"

"Mm." He nodded drowsily. He could easily track her, really. It wasn't any great feat. Something in her tone sounded a bit smug, though, so he let another burst of arousal hit her.
