 I stirred in my bed roll and slowly opened my eyes. I could see the many pinpricks of light in the dark sky, peeking through the spaces between the tree canopies. I rolled my head and looked past the glowing embers that were the remains of the campfire. Sierras' beautiful face was there, looking down at me.

I saw her perfect white teeth in the dim light as she smiled at me. The sorceress was sitting up in her bedding. I turned to her and lifted myself up on my elbow and smiled back. I was still a little groggy, but it felt nice to wake up to her smiling face. 

"Hey, beautiful," she said softly.

"Hey." I looked over next to me and saw that Strafes' bed roll was empty. The big swordsman must have been on watch, and was likely close by. Cordelia was on the other side of me, I could hear her steadily breathing as she slept. 

"You should get back to sleep, Rohme. You'll need to be well rested for tomorrow. I'll take your watch."

I sat up and looked at her. The sorceress was a classic beauty. With black wavy hair that went down past her shoulders, a smooth radiant complexion and bright blue eyes. Her face had an ageless quality. It was difficult to tell just how old she was, though she must have been older than me. I often wondered if she had any elven blood.

"You can't get to sleep," I said. "...Worried?"

"When have you ever known me to be worried?"

I just sat there watching her. She certainly never showed that she was worried. "You went to ask the King for help. You wouldn't have done that if you didn't think we needed it."

The smile faded from her face, "For all the good it did. He was happy to just stick his head in the sand. How can one so blind and stupid be allowed to rule over so many people? The right to rule over others should be earned, not be a birthright."

"You would make a great queen. The Magnificent Queen Sierra."

Sierra gave a broad smile, "And Strafe would be my General. Cordelia would be my Archbishop. And what would you be Rohme?"

I ran my hand through my hair and let out a yawn. "Just some fat lord locked away in her keep, enjoying the hedonism."

Sierra laughed, "Haha, right. That's not you at all. You'd get bored after a week in the castle and go wandering out into the wilderness."

"As long as I'm ordered back now and then to service my Queen in bed," I chuckled.

"Oh, you can count on that." 

There was a brief pause and I looked up at the glowing white circle of the moon peaking through the leaves above us. Sierra let out a sigh, I could sense the mood becoming serious again. "I am worried. We've been up against some hefty odds before, but we're in deep this time. We're up against some powerful magic. We must stop that ritual tomorrow night. Do whatever it takes. Do you understand what that means?"

"I believe so." I said solemnly.

"Are you ready to give your life for your kingdom? ...Not for your King, but for the people of this land."

"I'm just a farm girl. I'll do whatever it takes to protect my homeland."

"No, you're more than just a farm girl, Rohme, and you're more than just a ranger."

I peered at her in the darkness. Off in the distance, a wolf let out a lingering howl. I understood what my leader was telling me--this may well be our last night in this world. She wasn't one to say such things lightly. She really believed it, and unfortunately, she was so often right. 

Was I ready to die? I certainly didn't want to. I just wanted things to keep going on as they have been, traveling the land with these three amazing people. My friends, lovers and comrades. My family.

I peered at Sierra in the darkness again, taking in her beauty. I truly loved her. She had taught me so much, and helped me to become much more than I was when I met her. I couldn't stand the thought of losing her. " If the world ends, then I'll never get to bed you again."

"That would be the biggest tragedy of all." said Sierra, with a slight hint of a smile.

"I don't want to go back to sleep right now."

"You better come over here then, sexy ranger." She said seductively.

I was glad we were on the same page. I got on my hands and knees and crawled out of my bed roll and past the hot coals on the ground, right up to the gorgeous mage. When I got close, I brought my face to hers', and she leaned forward to meet me. She tilted her head and our lips locked together. We were soon hungrily exploring each others mouths with our tongues.

Warm tingling sensations washed through me. My body remembered the wonderful pleasure that I would get from my beautiful sorceress. We continued to kiss as I shuffled forward until I was pressing my body into hers'. Her mage robes felt silky and soft as I rubbed my hands over her back. 

We hesitantly pulled our lips away from each other. I was feeling hot, and breathing heavily. Sierra looked to be all worked up too. Even in the faint light, her skin looked radiant. I looked into her stunning blue eyes. I loved her scent. She smelt fresh and exotic, like rainforest and spices. I'm sure I smelt like sweaty leather, but that never seemed to bother her. 

Her hands came forward and firmly grabbed my belly, then they started rubbing upwards toward my heaving breasts. She leaned forward and we started hungrily kissing each other again. Her hands were busy pulling and undoing the straps of my leathers. She knew how to remove my light armor better than I did, she had stripped me of it many times. My hands continued to massage her back, and my tongue continued to rub against hers'.

She pulled my jerkin open, and I felt the cool night air on my bare chest. Sierra pulled away from my lips and I caught my breath again. Her hands were on my breasts, sensually rubbing over my skin. She had told me many times how she loved my big boobs. They were larger than hers' and Cordelias'. She smiled as her hands were lewdly groping at them.

I sighed with pleasure as I was being felt up. I started lifting her robes up over her legs. My hand rubbed over her creamy thigh. Her soft warm skin felt nice, and so did her hands as they gently massaged my tits.

Her hands came off my breasts and started pulling at my leathers again. I helped her get my jerkin off and let it drop the ground. The cool night air on my skin gave me goose bumps, but I was feeling the heat rising within me. The wolves began howling in the distance again. 

Sierra put her hand on my shoulder and gently guided me down onto her bed roll. My big breasts flattened against my chest as I lay on my back. The sorceress smiled down at me as her hands rubbed over them and slid down my belly, making their way to my leather pants. She quickly undid them, and I lifted my ass and helped her pull them off. 

I was left lying there in my cotton panties. Sierra leaned over me and planted a kiss on my lips again as her hands groped at my chest. I let out a soft moan as she left a trail of kisses past my chin and my neck, down to my tits. Her tongue was circling around my hard nipple. Her hand had slid up between my thighs and delicate fingers were rubbing at my soft lips through my panties. I could feel the material becoming quite wet. 

My hands wandered up and were pulling at her robes. I pulled the light material up past her waist and then grabbed at her firm ass. Sierra was breathing heavily too, and then helped me to pull them right off, over her head. She was naked under her robes. I looked over her smooth womanly body in the darkness. My fingers brushed through her patch of dark pubic hair, and she let out a soft laugh. 

She looked down into my eyes, and I was in awe of her beautiful face. She was like a Goddess. "Are you ready to be joined with me, Rohme?"

"Oh, yesss." I exhaled. 

She gave me a dazzling smile and then started to recite the incantation as she got ready to cast my favorite spell. I lay back on the bedding and relaxed as I felt the magic wash over me. It was a strange sensation, like static electricity sweeping through my body in waves. Pressure started to build in my head and I took deep breaths. 

I stayed calm as every sensation and every emotion quickly grew more intense. Strong feelings of fear and apprehension and doubt gripped my mind. There was some sadness there too, but those emotions were pushed into the background, kept in check by a strong, ordered mind. My feelings of love, desire and passion had doubled. My skin tingled as it became sensitive. I gasped for air, and so did Sierra. I could feel two hearts rapidly beating inside my chest. Slowly they began fall into sync until they were beating as one. 

Sierra had linked our minds. I could feel what she felt, and she could feel me. It was an overwhelming feeling, as our minds were processing stimulus and emotions from two bodies. It was also the ultimate intimacy, we were in each others skin, joined together as one. I absolutely loved it. 

I looked at Sierra. She had a spectacular blue aura about her now. I was never sure if I was actually seeing it, or feeling it, but I could sense magic around me when I was joined with her. There was a faint trace of it in the trees all around us and the earth below us. There was also an aura around Cordelia, sleeping nearby. It was strong, but different from Sierras'.

The sourceress had her head up, looking around in the darkness. She had told me that her physical awareness became heightened when we were joined, as she gains my highly attuned ranger senses. I could hear the distant wolves howling again. She smiled down at me, "There are wolves."

I had to focus to regain my senses enough to speak. I still felt the strong pressure in my head. "You couldn't hear them before?"

She shook her head. I slowly sat up. The magic auras around me were quite beautiful, particularly the one surrounding Sierra. I could feel the mages' strong lust, stacked with mine. Our heart thudded strongly in our chest, and our pussy throbbed and was getting wet. 

Sierras' hand slipped down between her legs and started rubbing along her slit. I could feel the fingers on my pussy, it felt really nice. I shuffled closer and wrapped my arms around her and could feel them around myself. Our lips found each other again and we were hungrily kissing. The kiss was intensified, like I had two mouths in one and was kissing Sierra and myself at the same time. 

Sierra got hold of my boobs and I could feel them being cupped in my hands. We were getting very excited and our pussy tingled wildly. I stopped kissing and slipped down until my face was in her chest. I passionately mouthed and groped at her firm tits, feeling the wonderful sensations on my own breasts.

Our pussy was throbbing and dripping wet. I sunk even lower, and my sexy sorceress leaned back and spread her legs apart. My face was in her crotch and I took in the intoxicating scent of her excited sex. I lunged forward and sunk my mouth in. The pussy was very soft, juicy and hot. I could feel my tongue rubbing along my labia. It was like giving cunnilingus to myself. 

We both moaned with pleasure. I pressed my lips into our wet slit and lashed out at the warm hugging flesh with our tongue. It felt amazing. Sierra got hold of our breasts and was forcefully groping them and rubbing our hard nipples. I continued to eat out our excited pussy. We relished the closeness as we felt the same wonderful pleasure as one. 

I moved up and flicked her clit with my tongue and immediately gasped at the pleasurable sensation. I moved my hand up and started wriggling a couple of fingers inside our tingling cunt. We both moaned together as I pushed them inside. 

I pumped my fingers back and forth, vigorously rubbing our slippery walls. Sierra writhed beneath me as we both let out soft moans. We could feel the intense pleasure tightening down inside us. Our nipples tingled as Sierra continued to lightly rub and pinch them. I slipped my hand down to my crotch and rubbed my fingers over my wet slit before pushing them in. 

More intense pleasure emanated from our throbbing pussy, as fingers and tongue fervently rubbed at the soft hugging flesh. I continued to pump my fingers back and forth as I moved my mouth up and gently sucked on our clit. Sierra let out a lustful moan. I wanted to moan as well, but just kept working my mouth and fingers. We were getting close now, we could feel that coil of carnal pleasure tightening down within us.

Our heart thudded strongly in our chest. I was losing myself to the overpowering lust as I feverishly worked to bring us to that critical point. Soon we had reached our peak. Fluttering waves of pleasure emanated from deep inside, and had us moaning and gasping with the blissful release. Warm juices squirted from Sierras' pulsing pussy into my face as she writhed beneath me. I moaned loudly and tried to catch my breath as the wonderful pulses of pleasure slowly started to die down. 

I climbed up over Sierra, who was lying back on her bed roll. Her chest was rising and 

Falling rapidly and her naked body was glistening with sweat. I put my arms around her and she gave me a big smile. We were both feeling euphoric. 

"Well, well. Having fun, you two?" came Cordelias' voice nearby. I looked over and saw the blonde cleric sitting up in her bed roll, rubbing her eyes.

I could hear heavy footsteps over the leaf and twig covered dirt, and soon there was a big swordsman standing over us, smiling. "My favorite sound in the world. Two hot bitches getting off."

I smiled down at Sierra, "We may have been a little noisy." 

Strafe rubbed his crotch through his pants, "Bet I could get you both screaming louder. Who would like some hard cock?"

Sierra smiled up at him, "We're both linked, and wet and ready, Tiger. You can fuck us both at the same time. Can't he Rohme?"

I felt a pang of excitement at the thought of having my pussy plowed by Strafes' big cock. "Yes please!" 

Sierra lightly put her hand on my shoulder and I rolled off of her. She sat up and then gave me a quick kiss on the lips. "I had better keep watch over the camp while you lot are rutting. Good thing I can enjoy the sex while I do."

She gathered her mage robes and stood up. She went over to Strafe and rubbed her hand over his broad, armor plated chest. The dark skinned fighter stooped over and brought his face to hers'. I could feel his short wiry beard rub over my face, and his tongue fervently explore my mouth as they kissed. I could feel his big strong hands groping at my ass. 

Sierra then pushed away from him. "Have fun," she said, before walking away into the darkness.

Strafe smiled down at me as he slowly rubbed his crotch. I leaned back and spread my legs apart for him. Then he was hurriedly working to remove his weapons and plate armor. As he was stripping down, Cordelia came over and embraced me. The cute, short-haired blonde smelt different from Sierra. It was the fragrant flower petals she bathed with, it gave her a sweet aroma.

Our lips pressed together and we kissed, slowly but forcefully. I knew Sierra was feeling it too. I could feel her there with us, still joined with me. Warm tingling feelings washed over me as I was enjoying the intimacy with the two women I loved dearly.

And I couldn't forget the man in my life. Strafe grabbed my legs and I let out a squeal as I slipped away from Cordelias' lips and back onto the bed roll. The big swordsman shuffled forward. His large rigid cock jutted out in from of him and came to rest on my crotch. I looked up at him, at his broad muscular chest and thick arms. His dark skin, which was a darker shade than my almond brown skin. He had medium length black hair and a short, neatly cropped beard. 

He leaned forward and groped at my tits with his big strong hand. He loved my big tits, and I loved his big black cock. He had a look of wild lust on his face. "Are you ready for it, Rohme?" he asked in his deep voice. 

I was ready, in fact, I was eagerly anticipating it. "Hurry up and fuck me, Lump-head!" I said playfully. 

Cordelia laughed next to me, "And you better see to me next, Lump-head."

Strafe chucked, "Of course. Can't have my Sweet-peas' sweet little puss being neglected." 

He sat up between my spread legs and got hold of his thick member. I moaned softly as I felt the round cockhead rubbing over my wet slit. Then he pushed it forward. The fat head split my lips apart and sunk into my body. I moaned as my tender walls were stretched around the big cock and squeezed it tightly. It forced its way deeper and deeper, until I had the full length of his thick black rod wedged inside me.

Strafe let out a pleasurable groan. He got a firm hold of my legs and started moving his cock back and forth. I moaned loudly at the intense friction in my grasping cunt. I heard Sierra moan nearby as well. Strafe got into a steady rhythm, driving his cock into me with deep hard strokes. 

Cordelia leaned over and got into my hot, panting face. She pressed her lips into mine, and I kissed her back. Her hand moved to my breasts and began playing with them. Strafes' big cock felt wonderful as it plowed into me. I could feel my juices splattering out with each hard thrust.

I raised my hands and rubbed them over the clerics' pert breasts, through her robes. Cordelia and I continued to play with each other while Strafe fucked me. I looked up at Strafe. He had a blissful look on his face as rammed his cock into me. He smiled down at me and slowed his thrusts. Then his cock pulled out from my bodys' squeezing embrace. My soaking wet pussy throbbed and felt empty. I wanted him back inside me.

Strafe pushed my legs to the side and started turning me over. I rolled over and let him position me on my hands and knees. I raised my ass and wriggled it at him. He didn't waste any time positioning himself behind me and guiding his rigid member to my waiting cunt. He buried his cock into me with one hard thrust, and I let out a long moan as I was penetrated deeply. 

His big hands gripped my hips tightly and he started fucking me again. I was rocked forward with each hard thrust. His big fat member felt incredible as it thrust into my slippery soft flesh. I let out a series of moans, and I could hear him grunting like an animal. 

Cordelia got in front of me and was lifting up her skirts. She pulled her panties down and sat in front of me, spreading her creamy thighs apart. I looked at her pretty little pussy in the dim light as I rubbed my hand up her leg. Then I brought my head down and ran my tongue along her soft petals. Cordelia let out a series of low moans, and lovingly ran her fingers through my hair as I licked at her netherlips. 

I pressed my mouth into her and lashed my tongue about inside her warm moist channel. Strafes' wonderful cock continued to thrust deep into me. I could feel the intense pleasure building deep inside me again, heading for another glorious climax. Delicate fingers began rubbing around my clit, helping the pleasure build even more. I realized it was Sierra, touching herself down there.

I pressed my mouth even deeper into Cordelias' hot pussy, as I lustily ate her out. Strafes' fat cock pumped me wildly as his crotch continually slapped into mine. Sierras' graceful fingers worked their magic on my tingling clit. The intense carnal sensations were overwhelming me, and my head was swimming. The pleasure deep inside me began to tighten down to its critical point.

Finally, Sierra and I couldn't hold it back any more. I threw my head back and howled as the blissful sensations were released and pulsed through our body. 

...

I was crying out in ecstasy as I suddenly woke. Sierra was gone from my mind. Strafe and Cordelia were gone too. I was alone. 

A large rock loomed over me, and past it I could see that the sky was half lit as the sun was about to rise. I was feeling woozy and confused as I sat up in my bed roll. I was hot and sweaty and breathing heavily. I moved my hand down between my legs. Even in my leather pants, I could feel that my crotch was soaking wet and sticky with my juices. 
