 This story has graphic non-consensual sex scenes, strong violence and some demonic themes. I was originally going to end the series with this one, but things got out of hand. It will now be concluded in Orc Bait 6. Thanks for reading, -Ax



-1849, day 03, month 07, Girrawen Forest. Eve of the twin full moons.

"No! That's not true!...That's impossible!"

Aerowyn just looked at me evenly, "You know I'm not lying to you."

"No...you believe it. But you must be mistaken. Sierra is dead. She gave her life to stop that ritual."

"I know what I saw, Rohme, and my visions are true."

I shook my head as I struggled to accept what she was telling me. "How can it be?"

The half-elf sighed. I knew that she was tired and really didn't feel like explaining everything, but I needed answers. "We're talking about demonic forces here. The relic of power--the demon heartstone, is keeping her alive. It is also warping and corrupting her. I believe she's bound to it, but once she completes the ritual she will become one of the immortal undead, the Moroi. She will be far more dangerous."

I felt sick. She had been there for the last six years? I had left her behind? I thought I was the only survivor. Perhaps there was something I could have done to help her. 

Aerowyn seemed to know what I was thinking, "The Sierra you knew is dead, Rohme. This Sierra that was left behind, her soul is damned...There's no saving her. We need to kill her to stop the tide of darkness, before it starts."

"No!" I said forcefully. "She isn't weak like you. She would fight it. Sierra is more strong willed than anyone." 

Aerowyn raised her voice too, "She will complete that ritual. She will make herself the Queen of the Moroi, binding an ever-growing army of those demonic undead bastards to her will. They will be unstoppable, taking the Kingdom, and then all the other kingdoms will fall, one by one, until she rules everything. The moroi feed on the blood of the living, they will enslave the population to feed on them. I have seen it."

"You've seen it? So it is going to happen?"

"If we don't stop it. It's like my father watching me burn at the stake. He was able to stop it from happening because he saw it. We need to kill Sierra, and we need to do it before tomorrow night. I'm sorry, Rohme, there's no other way."

I just stared into the dancing flames of the campfire. I had just learned that the woman I loved was not lost to me after all...and now I have to kill her. I looked across at the red-head, who was just quietly looking at me. The fire left a warm glow on her pretty face. She had put me through so much torment, and now I was supposed to form an alliance with her? Why do the fucking Gods hate me so much?

"Why are you doing this, Aerowyn?"

She shrugged, "It's my destiny, don't you know?"

"Don't give me that bullshit."

"My father told me the Gods give us the visions for a reason. We have to stop her tomorrow, or the world is fucked."

"Where is your father then? Locien the elf, he's a powerful wizard, isn't he? Why isn't he here stopping her?"

"He's always going on about how things need to be, and rubbish like that. No doubt he's doing what he thinks he needs to be doing."

"Wonderful," I said sarcastically. I leaned back and looked up at the night sky, with its many glimmering stars. I let out a yawn, and Aerowyn yawned too. We both felt the same; we were wiped out, physically and mentally. "Can't you break our link, witch? It could be a liability tomorrow."

"I don't know how I'm going to do that, Rohme. I don't know what's causing us to stay linked. Maybe it will be gone in the morning."

"We're both very tired, but one of us needs to stay awake to watch over the camp. I don't even know if we could stay awake while the other sleeps."

"I will set up some magical wards around the camp. They will wake us if anyone approaches, or if they're dispelled."

"You've used them before?"

She smiled, "Just about every night, for the last thirty years." 

I nodded, "Okay then." 

I put out the fire and claimed one of the basic canvas tents nearby in the bandit camp, stashing my weapons and pack. I got my glowstone out from its pouch to give me some light as I unrolled my bedding. I could feel the magical power building within me and being released, as Aerowyn set up her wards. 

Soon the half-elf stuck her head in through the tent flaps. "Looks cosy."

"You're not sleeping in here with me, get your own tent."

"Oh, come on. We're already in each others heads. You know I'm not in the mood for doing anything to you right now. I'll just feel safer, sleeping next to a strong ranger."

"No. Goodnight, Aerowyn."

"Do I get a goodnight kiss at least?"

I just flopped down on my bed roll, and closed my eyes.

"I get a kiss when we save the world, right?" 

I just lay back on my bedding without saying anything.

"I'll take your silence as a promise," she said before moving out from the tent. "Goodnight, sweet Rohme." I could feel her moving around for a little while as she settled into another tent nearby. Then I felt her give her breast a playful squeeze, knowing I'd feel it. I raised my hand and slapped my cheek. I heard her chuckling nearby. 

We both weren't in the mood for playing though. It didn't take long to fall into a deep sleep.

***

Somehow, I was standing again. I could feel the cool night air on my skin. I looked down and saw that I was stark naked in the dim moonlight. My ample breasts hung freely in front of me. Around me, there wasn't a tree in sight. I was standing in a flat sandy area, like a desert.

I had an unobstructed view of millions of stars in the night sky. There were also the two bright glowing disks of the twin moons, both were high in the sky, shining down on me. The large peach colored Truna, and her smaller silver sister, Etton.

I looked down and saw Aerowyn nearby. She was lying on the ground naked, sleeping peacefully. Her smooth, slender body bathed in the moonlight. I called out to her.

"Shh, don't wake her up." 

I turned and saw her standing there. She was wearing a silky white gown that seemed to lightly cling to her shapely figure. Her long silky black hair flowed smoothly behind her shoulders. Her radiant complexion glowed in the moonlight. She was a vision of beauty. "Sierra..."

"My lovely Rohme," she said, smiling.

"This...this isn't real, it's a dream."

"Who's to say dreams aren't real?" She moved closer, her silky gown flowing around her as she moved. I stood still, looking into her glimmering eyes as her hand brushed through my hair. "I missed you, Rohme. Soon we will be together again, my love. I wanted to reach out to you before, but you have never been close enough."

Her hand softly brushed my cheek. I trembled at her touch. "You're dead."

"No, I'm very much alive, Rohme, and I'm waiting for you. We can be joined again...joined forever."

"Is it true? Do you plan on completing the ritual we stopped six years ago?"

"I will complete it, and it will be the start of a wonderful new era."

"An era of demonic influence over the world? Of darkness, death and slavery?"

"Is that what she's been telling you?" said Sierra, nodding toward the naked half-elf sleeping on the ground. "There will be a brutal and violent transition period, of course. The greatest war this world has ever seen. But when I emerge victorious, there will be an unprecedented era of peace and order. I will rule it all, all of my subordinates bound to my will, with absolute obedience. There will be no conflict. My new, supremely ordered civilization will thrive, and achieve astounding things." She waved her hand at the stars in the sky, "In time, we may even find a way to explore and conquer the other worlds out there."

I frowned at her, "Great demonic power spreading over the land will bring peace and order? Why do I find that a little hard to swallow?"

"I don't know why. The Hell realms are very ordered and lawful. Those who step out of line always answer to a higher power. The strong dominate the weak. Everyone knows their place. It's the natural order of things."

"And a majority of people in your new world would be enslaved?"

"There are many different types of slavery. Trust me, our slaves would live better lives than the typical peasant, servant or whore in the world today."

"The Sierra I knew fought against slavery. It went against everything she believed in."

"I have grown since you knew me. And tonight I will grow even more. I will become immortal. A conqueror and a Queen." She looked into my eyes, I could clearly see her deep blue irises. "Join me, Rohme. You can be with me forever. I promise you will never be alone again. Isn't that what you want? You will command my army, it will quickly grow into the greatest army in the history of the world. You will lead us to victory. Then you will become a great lord, ruling over millions. Not bad for a farm girl from the riverlands, right? I told you you were more than just a ranger."

I stayed silent and continued to look at her beautiful face. My calm demeanor masked the inner turmoil raging within me.

Sierras' expression was very serene. "Incapacitate the witch, then bring her to the ruins. I have used her, reaching out into her dreams and exerting my influence on her. I got her to bring you here. Now she will serve one last purpose. Her bloodline and her power will make her a good sacrifice for our demon Lord, Lorca. She has done some horrible things to you, Rohme. Wouldn't you like to see her heart cut out from her chest? Do this for me, and we can be together again."

I looked down at Aerowyn, still sleeping peacefully on the ground. Then I turned back the beautiful sorceress who I had missed so much. "No!"

Her elegant face was still a serene mask, but I noticed corner of her mouth twitch slightly. "Do you doubt my sincerity?"

"I doubt your sanity! The Sierra I knew would want to kick your ass. I'm going to come down to the ruins and kill you for her."

She let out a sigh and shook her head. "Oh, Rohme. That's your choice? You always were a stubborn one. Are you sure you want to give up what I'm offering? All because of your prejudice against demonic power and a few moral hang-ups? 

"I'm going to kill you and put Sierras' soul to rest."

"So be it. But you know me, I always have a backup plan."

I just stood there looking at her for a moment. At least now my doubts had dissipated, Sierra was gone. This twisted image of her coming to me with promises of being with her again was just cruel. I had to stop her. 

Suddenly there was a loud ringing in my ears and my head was pricked with sharp pain. I put my hands to my head and cried out.

I cried out as I sat up in my bed roll. It was dark. I was wearing my leathers again, and the canvas walls of the tent surrounded me. My head was still buzzing painfully. The horses outside were whinnying and stomping about. I heard Aerowyn call out to me, "Rohme!"

"Aerowyn! What is it?"

"My perimeter wards have been set off. Someone's here!"

Sierra! If she was bound to the artifact at the ruins, then who did she send? I had my weapons on hand. I quickly grabbed my sheathed shortsword at my side and clipped it to my belt. Then I got hold of my bow and slung the quiver over my shoulder. 

As I got to my feet, there was a loud flapping sound outside. Then a loud crash nearby. I felt something slam into my body and knock the wind out of me. I could hear Aerowyn cry out as I stumbled to the ground. Something had hold of me, I could feel the big strong hands wrapped around my arms, though I couldn't see anything. 

I struggled against it, and thrashed about. I was unrestrained. Then I realized it was Aerowyn who was being held. I could feel her potent fear, and the magical power building within me. I scurried to my feet and out of the tent. As I got outside, I could hear Aerowyn crying out and felt her struggling. In the moonlight I could see a large dark figure looming over her on the collapsed tent.

It looked monstrous, around seven feet tall, a bulky humanoid shape of pure black. I could make out glowing yellow eyes, white fangs and large pointed ears. Magical vines ripped from the ground and started wrapping around the black beast. I notched an arrow and held my bow taut in front of me, aiming for its head. 

The beast then opened its fanged mouth and let out a mighty scream. Intense pain struck my ears, and I screamed out, though I couldn't hear it. The pain was crippling, and my legs gave out under me. It felt like someone had stuck a spike into my brain, and I was sent into a daze. My hearing had gone, and so had my balance, as I struggled to get up. That wasn't all I lost--I could no longer feel the beasts' tight grip on me, or Aerowyns' potent fear and adrenaline. Only my own. 

I looked up and saw the monster pulling itself free of the vines. Aerowyn hung lifelessly in its broad arms. I stood up on shaky legs as it turned and started striding away from me. I notched my arrow and pulled it back in my bow. Damn, I was still dizzy. I aimed for centre of its bulky mass and loosed. The arrow went wide and I cursed, I would normally make a shot like that easily. 

I quickly notched another arrow and pulled the drawstring. I needed to get the shot off quickly, before the beast made it to the treeline. As I took aim, huge leathery wings spread out from the monsters body and started flapping steadily. The damned thing could fly. I took in a deep breath and let my shot off. The arrow found its mark and slammed into the beasts' back. 

The monster screeched and faltered as it struggled to get off the ground. The large wings flapped like crazy, and it clumsily flew up into the trees. I ran after it, notching another arrow. It was difficult to see the beast in the dark tree canopies, and I had an awful ringing in my ears, impairing my hearing. 

I saw movement above me and let off another shot, but I couldn't tell if I had hit the monster. It was moving away fast, fluttering through the treetops. I wouldn't be able to keep up on foot. I turned and ran back into the camp. 

The horses by the stream were still baying noisily and stomping about in panic. It took a moment to calm the brown mare down. I quickly got a few items from my pack that I could carry with me, before mounting the horse. I didn't take the time to saddle it. Soon I was heading out of the camp in the direction the monster had fled with Aerowyn. I didn't need to track it, I knew where it was taking her. North, to the ruins.

The monster was like a giant humanoid bat. I had encountered a lot of different creatures in my time, but never one of those. I had read a lot of books on different beasts and monsters though. One name came to mind--Felder. It was also often referred to as a Werebat, though that was misleading, it was not a lycanthrope. Felders were related to the extinct demonic undead monsters known as Nosferatu. As were the Moroi. That was the link.

It meant that the monster was vulnerable to sunlight. I didn't know how long I had until the sun came up. At least the daylight would offer some protection. The moonlight was bright enough for my horse to navigate the woods at a steady pace. I didn't want to go too fast, and risk injuring the animal. 

After a few hours, dawn began to break. I knew I was getting close to my destination. I couldn't settle the uneasy feeling in my stomach. Sierra had already placed me at a disadvantage, capturing Aerowyn. And I still found it hard to grasp what she told me--she manipulated the witch to bring me here. All that talk about it being my destiny to stop the ritual, it was all bullshit. 

Sierra had a felder serving her. I wondered what other surprises she may have in stall. I could never match wits with her. Was I really up to this? Could I do it alone? I was filled with doubt, but there was one thing I was certain of--I had to try.

I was close enough to see my destination now--The hollow hill. The earth rose up at a steep incline. The top of the hill was flat, like a table-top, sitting at least three times higher than the tops of the trees surrounding it. More trees were growing up the slopes. It was several hundred, perhaps even a thousand paces wide. It looked like a large flat hill from here, but I knew that the inside was empty, like all the earth had been scooped out with a giant spoon. It was a huge crater, and the temple ruins were down in the centre.

The crater had been there since ancient times. There are many different tales of how it came to be there. Some say that it marks where two mighty dragons battled. Their power was so great, they destroyed each other, and everything for miles around. The crater was all that was left, and would be there forever after. 

There are many other tales involving the wrath of different gods. Some even say that it's where a star fell from the sky. Sierra told me that couldn't happen, but it may have been a large rock that fell. Whatever it was, it was once the scene of immense destruction. I knew that it certainly was six years ago.

I stopped and let the horse go free. It wouldn't do very well on the slopes of the crater, and I preferred a stealthier approach. I wouldn't be able to get out of here in a hurry, but there would be no retreat anyway. 

Before I set off for the crater, I searched the forest around me. The sun was up now and the birds were all singing noisily above me. My hearing had fully recovered after my encounter with the felder. I needed a defense against its sonic attacks if were to come up against it again. 

Soon I found what I was looking for--an elm tree. There was a spot a couple of meters from the ground where a fallen branch had left a wound and it bled red sap. I felt at the sticky substance, part of it was solid, but pliable. I rolled up a few small balls of the sap and put them in one of the pouches in my leathers. It would be suitable for plugging my ears, if needed.

I strode toward the hollow hill, doing my best to stay alert and aware of the area around me. It was difficult, I hadn't had a good nights rest for some time. Last night I was rudely interrupted by Sierra and then her felder. The strain of the last few days was getting to me. My hand wandered to the potions at my belt. I had one for healing and another for rejuvenation. It seemed like a good time to take the rejuv, I needed to be on my game.

I uncorked the small bottle and downed the potion with a single gulp. My body pulsed and immediately I started to feel refreshed and energized. Then my head began to throb, mildly at first, but it was getting stronger. My skin tingled, the muscles in my arms ached and fear suddenly gripped my mind. Was there something wrong with the potion? I could feel something tightly wrapped around my wrists, like rope. I looked at my wrists and rubbed them. There was nothing there, but I could still feel it.

Aerowyn. She had just woken up, and she was still linked to me. I patted myself firmly on the shoulder to let her know I was there. I wished I had some way of communicating with her. At least I could tell she was unharmed, though bound and scared. I closed my eyes and tried to concentrate on the sensations. There was the feeling of cool air on my skin, as though she was naked. Hard stone beneath my feet. I couldn't feel much else, apart from the witchs' fear and seething anger. 

I continued on through the forest, until I reached the foot of the crater. Then I felt a quick sharp pain at the end of my tongue, and then another. Aerowyn had bitten her tongue twice. It had to be deliberate. Was she trying to tell me that she saw two foes? I squatted by a tree and waited a moment.

When nothing else happened, I started making my way up the slope. Then I stopped as I felt a hand softly brush my cheek. Seething anger welled up within me, it was coming from Aerowyn. The hand moved away and I stopped and waited. Then there were hands gently rubbing over my belly. They sensually rubbed their way upwards before cupping my breasts. My boobs felt smaller and firmer as the hands groped at them. They were Aerowyns' pert little boobs. The touch was familiar--it was the way Sierra would touch me, sensually rubbing over my skin with her soft hands. She knew that I was feeling this. She had to be the one responsible for maintaining our link.
