 This one has strong graphic violence, non-consent themes and demonic themes. Thanks to all who have read this far, and those who have shown their appreciation with votes, favorites and comments. Hope you enjoy the series finale. Yep, it's the final Orc Bait story, but certainly not my last story. I'll be back. -Ax

*****

-2211, day 04, month 07, The Hollow Hill, Night of the twin full moons.

"...up, Rohme. Come on, bitch, wake up!" 

As I slowly came around, I became aware that my arms were above my head, my muscles were strained and sore, and rope painfully bit into my wrists. In fact, I was aching all over. My knee was badly hurt. My vagina and anus were sore as Hell, and I grievously recalled what I had been through to make them that way. Those damn stinking orcs. That evil twisted Sierra. Things had gone very wrong for me.

I slowly raised my head as I became aware of my surroundings. I was in a dark gloomy prison cell. Rusted iron bars were ahead, and crumbling stonework bricks covered in green moss made up the other walls surrounding me. The air was damp, there was the smell of mildew and the steady sound of dripping water. I became aware that I was hanging from the ceiling by thin rope wrapped around my wrists and tightly knotted. I shuffled my feet and stood up, groaning as the strain was taken off my arms and wrists, but I was still unable to bring them down below my head.

"About time! This is not the time for a nap, ranger!" 

I turned and saw Aerowyn close beside me. The red-headed witch was standing there stark naked with her arms bound above her head. Her pale lithe body stretched out taut in the gloomy light. Her long red hair flowed down past her shoulders and she stared at me intently with her disparate green and hazel eyes. 

I groaned as my hands throbbed and prickled painfully as blood returned to them. I looked down and was thankful that I was still wearing my leathers. At least I hadn't been stripped naked as well. "Aerowyn...How long was I out?"

"An hour...three hours. I don't know, it's hard to tell down here. But I do know we're quickly running out of time to stop that ugly sorceress cunt!"

"You think we can still stop her? It looks like she has won to me."

She looked at me disparagingly, "You have to stop her, it's your destiny!"

"It's not my fucking destiny! That was all a ruse, so that she could get you to bring me here. We both played right into her hands."

She exhaled sharply and grit her teeth as she seethed. "Yeah, she told me that too. But I don't believe her. You have to stop her...You just have to." 

"And how the fuck am I going to do that?!" I said angrily. "She's a brilliant tactician, she plans for every possible outcome. She has a whole fucking horde of orc savages...rapist bastards. You didn't tell me about them! And you compromised me, getting yourself captured!"

"Fuck you! Things might have been different if you let me sleep beside you in the tent."

"Why would I want to sleep next to you?! You're as twisted as she is!"

"You're one to talk, you raped me as well!"

"You deserved it, Cunt!"

She just grit her teeth and glared at me furiously. We both fell silent as we seethed. I was hot and full of rage. I just wanted to scream at the top of my lungs. I had fought with all I had, I had gone through Hell again, and it was all for nothing. The evil Sierra was going to get her way. Aerowyn was going to die, and I was going to be become a demonic undead slave, forced to aid Sierra in bringing about the end of the world.

After a short while, I could feel Aerowyns' gaze upon me. I turned my head and looked into her intense eyes. She broke the silence, speaking calmly but firmly. "I believe in you, Rohme. You're a hero. You have the strength to forge your own destiny, no matter what Gods and Devils have planned."

I was a little take aback. I could easy imagine that being something Sierra would say to me. The real Sierra, whom I once loved. I breathed deeply and let my anger fade. Fuck destiny. Whilst I was still alive, I still had plenty of fight left in me.

I looked up and studied the dilapidated prison cell around me. "Are there any guards?" I asked.

"No. That's why the evil bitch has us strung up."

"Can you cast?"

"What do you think?...No. Whenever I build any power, that damned heartstone draws it away from me. Perhaps I can do a cantrip, something that doesn't require any build-up, but I don't have any that will get us out of these bonds." 

"Can you do any healing cantrips?"

"A bit of weak spot healing, maybe."

I shuffled toward her as much as I could. Thankfully, she was on the right side of me. I stuck out my leg so that it was as close to her as I could get it. "Heal my knee." 

She looked at me for a moment, and then nodded. "Let's see if I can." She leaned over and brought her bare foot up. I leaned over as far as I could as she tried to reach me. Soon her toes made contact with my injured knee, making me wince. She settled and kept her balance as her toes lightly rested on my dirty leather pants. 

A look of concentration came over her face, and then she growled in frustration. "Damn stone! I can only do this very slowly."

"Do it slowly then." 

"How did you hurt your knee?"

"Fighting orcs."

"Oh...I could feel you fighting, while that sorceress bitch was raping me. And then...oh Goddess, it felt like you were being fucked by a horse! Those smelly green brutes! You would need your cunny and asshole healed as well, right?"

"Just concentrate on what you're doing, bitch."

The half-elf scowled at me as she kept her toes on my knee. I could feel the mild warm tingling sensation in the aching joint, as it was magically healed. We kept at it for around ten minutes or so. Both of us were getting sore and tired from holding the awkward position, but I could feel my knee getting better. 

I eventually pulled away and we both straightened up again. "Better?" asked Aerowyn.

I raised my leg and swung my knee in front of me. There was only mild discomfort now. I wished that I could heal the rest of my battered and ravished body. 

"So, now what?" asked Aerowyn.

"We'll start by getting out of here." I gripped the rope above me and then swung my legs up over my head, bringing them to the rope. I coiled the rope around my boot and then shimmied my way up until I was able to bring my wrists in front of my face. The rope was tightly wrapped around my wrists, it was a sturdy knot, tightened by my dead weight.

I knew knots well, and I could see where it needed to be loosened. Hanging there upside-down on the rope, I started pulling at the knot with my teeth. It was very tight, and it was hurting my teeth as I pulled at it. I was making very slow progress, but it was progress. Soon I started to feel light-headed and had to lower myself down, being careful not to tighten the knot again. 

Aerowyn had just been quietly watching. "Wow, is that going to work?"

"Yes," I replied, before flipping myself back up again. I worked the knot for a while longer before I finally succeeded, and pulled the rope through. I continued to pull at it with my teeth, undoing the knot. I was able to pull my hands apart a little as it loosened. I flopped back down again and yanked hard at the rope. It gave way and I fell down onto my ass. I yelped at the jolt of pain from my tender ass, which had been roughly pounded by several large orcs earlier. At least I was free of the bondage.

"Oh, well done, Rohme," said Aerowyn, looking down at me. "See, I told you. You can do this!"

I slowly picked myself up, before moving over to the rusted iron door and examining it. I felt at my leathers, my lockpicks had been removed. I was standing on the wrong side of the door to use them anyway. "I don't suppose you can do an open-lock cantrip?"

"No. Are you going to untie me, or what?"

I ignored her and examined the bars. There was an empty corridor on the other side, dimly lit by a few flickering sconces on the wall. I couldn't see much else. The bars were old and rusted, but still quite strong. The stonework walls were cracked and crumbling. 

"Hey, what are you doing? Come and untie me," called out Aerowyn.

"Shhh," I hushed her.

I looked up the top corner of the front of the cell. The stone bricks seemed to be partially collapsed. I began climbing up the bars.

"Rohme, are you listening to me?"

"No, so shut up!" I got a firm hold of the bars, raised my leg and started kicking at the end bar forcefully. After several hard knocks, more of the wall crumbled away and the bar bent outward slightly. It created a small gap. I kicked the bar several more times, but it didn't budge. The gap wasn't large enough for me to fit through, but someone smaller and skinnier might have been able to squeeze through there. 

I climbed down, "All right, Aerowyn-looks like I need your help again." I moved over to her.

"Ha, very funny. You weren't going to just leave me hanging here."

She looked into my eyes as I reached up and started untying her wrists. Then she suddenly lunged forward and pressed her lips into mine. It caught me off guard, just as it did with Sierra. Though this wasn't entirely unwelcome. I kissed her back for a moment, as my heart started beating faster. Then I quickly pulled away and looked at her quizzically.

She just smiled at me, "Just in case I don't get a chance to later...when we save the world." 

She was right-there may not be a chance for this later. And I suddenly wanted her, just like I wanted her back at Kabores' tower. I moved forward again and pressed my lips into hers'. She was letting out soft moans as we hungrily explored each others mouths. I brought my hands down and rubbed them through her soft long hair and along the bare smooth skin of her back. It soon had my heart racing, and my nether regions tingling. It had me forgetting about my sore tired body. 

Was it possible to hate someone and love them at the same time? 

I quickly pulled away again and caught my breath. "Damn it! We don't have time for this, Aerowyn." 

She licked her ruby red lips, looking so damn sexy. "Yes, you're right, Rohme. Hurry up and untie me, will you?"

I sighed loudly and went back to untying the rope. Soon I had her free and she collapsed on the stone floor, rubbing her wrists. "Thank you," she sighed. "I'm going to destroy that hideous demon-sucking whore!"

"We still need to get out of here." I nodded up to the small gap in the corner of the bars. 

Aerowyn brushed her silky blood-red hair back and looked up with an incredulous look on her face, "Seriously?"

"You'll fit. And then you can see about getting me out of here."

She sighed and lifted her slender naked body from the ground. "Well, it's a plan, I guess."

She then came forward and grabbed me. Her hand pressed into my leather pants, at my crotch. "Aerowyn, not now..." I scolded.

"Shhh," she said. I could feel the warm surging sensation flowing through my sore cunt and ass. She was healing me again. 

"We don't have time," I protested weakly. But I let her continue. My insides felt bruised and sore from the rough fucking of several big orcs. Her soothing magical power was a relief. As I allowed myself to relax, it actually felt quite nice. Aerowyn was looking into my eyes as she healed me. Damn she was pretty. 

I came forward and tenderly kissed her soft lips again. She let out a pleasurable sigh as she kissed me back. These may well be my last hours in this life, I wanted to enjoy this moment. I rubbed my hands over her warm skin again. They slowly moved down and I groped at her smooth firm ass. My healing pussy was tingling wildly. I knew it wasn't just the healing magic, it was my building arousal. I really wanted to take her, right there.

Then I came to my senses again. We had a job to do. I suddenly pushed the naked redhead away. She groaned in protest and pouted, looking damn sexy as she did. I could see that she was hot and flushed, and highly aroused as well. "That's enough!" I said, and pointed up at the gap in the corned of the cell. She sighed loudly and slowly nodded. 

My cunt wasn't so sore any more, it was hot, wet and aching to be touched. I took a deep breath and worked to calm my simmering libido.

Aerowyn turned and looked at the gap. Soon she was climbing the bars and I had a good view of her firm pale butt. It didn't help in trying to calm myself. I steadied my breathing as I listened for anyone approaching. She got to the small gap in the top corner and grabbed the bent iron bar. "Rohme, I'm not going to fit through here."

"Yes, you are."

She sighed, and then shuffled about as she got into a better position. Then she moved her head to the gap in the corner. It did seem like her head wasn't going to fit through, but she continued to shuffle about and groan as she pushed through the gap. 

"Nghaagh...this isn't going to work," she groaned.

"Be quiet. It is. Once you get your head through, the rest of you will fit."

She made more muffled strenuous noises as she squeezed her head through the gap. Then her head was out of the cell. She couldn't go any further. I looked up and watched her struggling, and was treated to a view of her smooth pink pussy. 

"The rest of me is not fitting, Rohme. I'm stuck."

"Hold on," I said, as I started climbing up the bars. I got up behind her and clung to the bars firmly. "Exhale all the air from your lungs." She reluctantly did as I told her, and then I raised my leg and planted my boot firmly on her bare ass. She groaned in protest as I started pushing her forcibly. 

I just continued to push, her shoulder went through, and then her pert boobs pressed into the rusty iron bar as they slid past. She suddenly lurched forward and let out a squeal as she was half hanging out of the cell. "I told you to be quiet," I scolded. 

"Fuck you!" she muttered. "Stop pushing." 

I took my foot off her ass, she grabbed onto the bars and managed to pull her lower half through. She half fell, half climbed to the ground. It didn't look very graceful. I got down too, quietly landing back on my feet. I looked at her through the bars. "You're free. Now get me out." 

She looked at me and nodded as she rubbed her red scraped skin. "She must have stashed my gear nearby. I'll look for it."

"I'm counting on you. Don't get yourself caught." 

She just gave me an intense look, before turning and moving down the corridor.

I was left standing there in the cell. I checked the various pockets and pouches of my dirty blood-stained leathers. The balls of red elm sap were still there. Good, I would likely have to come up against the fleder again. I would need the ear plugs as defense against its sonic attacks. I also needed a good blade, or any kind of weapon. I had little else in my leathers of any use. I hoped that Aerowyn could find her equipment. I had no idea what she carried with her, hopefully something useful. 

The minutes ticked passed. I tested the door and bars again, and paced back and forth. I just needed to get out of the cell, defeat the fleder, kill Sierra, destroy the demonic-heartstone and get out of the crater, past an army of orc raiders. I wished that I had a fucking clue how I was going to accomplish all that.

I stopped pacing when I heard someone coming. Aerowyn then appeared, she was wearing her green mage robes and had an ornate white satchel slung around her shoulder. She stopped in front of the cell and spread her arms apart, presenting herself. "So far, so good."

"Did you see anyone?"

"No."

"Can you get me out?"

"Yes."

She opened her satchel and started fishing around. Her arm went right in as she reached in deep. It was a magic bag, much bigger inside than out. Sierra used to have similar bags. "Do you have magic lockpicks in there?" I asked.

"I don't use lockpicks...You know, there once was a master alchemist who spent his lifetime creating a substance that could burn through absolutely anything. There was just one problem..."

"He had nothing to keep it in," I had heard a similar tale, but didn't really believe it.

She smiled, "There was a solution to the problem, though. Well...two solutions." She pulled out two small strange-looking vials. One red and one black. They had long tubular necks. 

"You're going to burn through the lock?"

She nodded and moved over to the door. "Just watch yourself, ranger, this is dangerous stuff."

I couldn't see what she was doing, but soon there was a loud hissing noise, and I could see black smoke rising up from behind the door. Then part of the door began melting away before me. The lock became a smoldering hole. There was more hissing, and more smoke as the hole quickly grew larger, traveling down to the ground. A large strip of the door was completely burnt away, and there was a smoldering hole in the ground beneath it.

I was amazed. Aerowyn pushed the door open and I stepped out, being careful to avoid the smoldering hole. She smiled at me, "Who needs lockpicks?"

"Do you have more of that stuff?"

"No. It's pretty rare. That was the last of my supply."

"Do you have weapons in there?"

"No, unfortunately. My daggers and darts weren't with them. But there are a few other things we may be able to use...I noticed you're missing your lovely ring."

"The orcs stole it." I shuddered as I remembered Yurag, how he defeated me and then mercilessly violated me.

Aerowyn reached into her magic satchel, "You had better take this then. If I can cast again, I don't want to worry about poisoning you." 

She pulled out two small potion vials, one was light-green, the other was pitch-black. She held the green one out to me. I slowly took it from her. "Poison resistance?"

She nodded.

I uncorked the bottle, "What's the in black vial?"

"Oh, trust me, you don't want to take that one. I think I'll keep it close." She tucked it away into a pocket inside her robes.

I downed the potion and tossed the vial aside. "Minty."

"I don't see why potions need to have an unpleasant taste. Now let's get out of here, I fucking hate this place."

***

We cautiously left the cells. The damp and gloomy passageways proved quite easy to navigate, we had no trouble finding the large chamber where I had encountered Sierra and the heartstone. I carefully crept to the big open doorway and peered inside. I could see the altar in the center of the room where the demonic artifact sat. The large black fleder was still hanging from the high ceiling above it. He didn't seem to notice me peering in. The stairway was on the other side of the room, it was the only exit that I knew of. I could see little else.

Aerowyn crept up beside me and peered in as well. I carefully pushed her back. "No sign of Sierra," I whispered.

"She can't be far. She's still bound to the stone."

"She can make herself invisible to peoples' senses."

"I should be able to see her magical aura, though."

"Unless she can hide that, too."

"If she shows up, we'll kill her. We can't just hide away here in the shadows."

"No, we can't. Are you ready?" 

Aerowyn took a deep breath and pushed the sap balls into her ears. I did the same. She looked into my eyes and gave a slight nod, before walking past me and through the doorway. I peered through the doorway again and watched her stride purposely toward the altar. 

The fleder on the ceiling quickly turned its head to her and stared with its glowing yellow eyes. It let out a high pitched howl and immediately started to move. It spread out its huge black leathery wings and dropped from the ceiling. Aerowyn stopped as the big black beast began flapping wildly and flew right at her, letting out a piercing scream. 

I closed my eyes as the witch made her move. Even with my eyes closed and my ears plugged, I could see a bright burst of light and hear the loud bang, as she threw down one of her flash-bang balls. A second later, a heavy body crashed hard into the ground. 
