 The cleanup waited until the next morning when Romina's ladies came to the tower to celebrate her supposed deflowering. They were too shocked to be of any good until the bulk of Dev's body guard appeared. The men removed the troll's body along with Ven and Ord's while the women busied themselves making sure Romina was alive and well. After her third bath for the day, Dev became disgusted and ordered the ladies in waiting out of the tower top room and down below to prepare meals for all the guests.

This left Dev time alone with Romina who had been holding up well considering her ordeal the night before. "Care to talk?" he asked.

"I'm fine," she immediately snapped at him.

He let the silence hang a minute then said, "You certainly aren't acting fine."

She glowered at him. "The damn troll was trying to breed me," she said. "He knew what I'm here for. He enjoyed the process."

Dev opted not to comment on the likeability of fucking Romina and instead focused on her other concern. "It's rare for a troll to impregnate a human. They try all the time."

"Don't tell me what I already know," she snapped at him again. "They fail so often for two reasons," she explained. "First, they're too rough, they don't know how to handle a human girl and they wind up killing her in the process." She looked aside for a moment to gather her thoughts. "Obviously I'm still alive. Second, male trolls are so large they aren't usually able to copulate with human women." She sighed. "That wasn't a problem in my case."

The information hung between them. "Are you brooding right now?" Dev asked.

She glared at him again. "Why do you think I came here last night?" she asked him.

"You might already be pregnant with my child," he pointed out to her. Following the unspoken rules of Pridian courtship they had been careful to fuck as many times as possible for the past few weeks while everyone in their families carefully looked the other way. 

"And I might not," she pointed out.

"Let's not worry about what we can't change," he said. "Best thing to do is to move forward with the betrothal as if nothing unusual happened. If anyone asks, we simply say a troll attacked last night, Ven and Ord died in the fight while I killed it. It's close enough to the truth."

And leaves out the fact I was raped, Romina thought, but kept that to herself.

"Are you going to be okay with that?" he asked her.

"A princess must often do things she finds distasteful," Romina said ending the discussion. 

From there the rest of the betrothal celebration continued as if normal. The ladies cooked the traditional evening feast and, after everyone and eaten their fill and drunk much wine, Princess Romina was stripped down to her anklet and the sheerest of chemises. Then the men ritually beat her with switches of spruce as she stood on a table in the middle mead hall. Her hands were bound behind her back and they made her dance as they reddened her thighs and buttocks. There was much laughter and shouts of celebration as she performed for her friends; any of the men who could make her fall with the ten blows he was allowed would then be granted use of the princess's bedroom favors. Either the men didn't try very hard or the princess was exceptionally talented in balance, dance and enduring the pain of the switches for no one could make her fall.

The celebration called for a virgin sacrifice and since the princess proved her skills on the table, tradition called for one of her ladies in waiting to step in her place. All the ladies, of course, denied they could do the job for none of them were virgins. And so lots were drawn among the women and to the great pleasure of the assembled men, one of the youngest and prettiest maids drew the red stone from the leather pouch.

"Lucky Lucy!" the crowd called out as one of the men at arms grabbed her from behind and starting pulling at her clothes. Lucy pretended to resist, but the combination of the wine, stimweed smoke and the charged atmosphere all contributed to her willingness to be sacrificed for the crowd. Lost in the mists history the traditional virgin sacrifice was, supposedly, a blood sacrifice where a young virgin girl's life was given over to one of the old gods. Although they didn't practice blood sacrifice any longer, old traditional die hard, so virgins were now forced to sacrifice their maidenhood for the good of the community, and in this case the entertainment of the community.

The girl was pushed around, each time she was grabbed by a new person they stripped off another article of clothing, slowly disrobing her among the shouts and laughter. She was quickly reduced to her chemise and panties. One of the men at arms held her from the front while another took his knife and cut away the straps of the thin garments. Below it could fall to the ground, Lucy was released by her captor and she reflexively grasped her rags to her tits hiding them from view.

"Show us, show us!" The most enthusiastic members of the crowd calling for Lucy's nudity weren't the men, but her fellow maiden, eager to see their friend humiliated and exposed. Lucy was forced into the center of a circle formed by the guests, all were laughing and cheering, Lucy was laughing loudest of all for she knew the privilege she was about to receive. Disorientated by all the motion around her, it was easy for Lucy's best friend Delma to snatch away the remaining rags of her chemise leaving the girl only in her tiniest of attire. The men roared with delight as she showed off her small breasts topped by bright red nipples. Proud of their reaction she posed for several moments until one of the men grabbed her again, picked her up, and then threw her down on one of the round tables. 

Without further ceremony her white panties were torn off, exposing her fine brown hair and exposed sex to the crowd. She didn't recognize the men who was accosting her, but that didn't matter. She was wet and ready; her one bit of preparation was to spread her thighs and raise her knees, allowing the muscular soldier to ram his manhood into her. They were nearly deafened with the cries of approval from the crowd.

"Fuck me!" she ordered the older man. The crowd again voiced its approval upon hearing the supposedly demure young girl use filthy language. The man had only exposed his cock, leaving on the rest of his rough, woolen garb as he plowed into the girl. He took no notice as one of his fellow warriors exposed his own cock and introduced the semi-erect member to Lucy's mouth. She eagerly gobbled up the second organ, filling her from both ends. The crowd again laughed when Lucy showed she was quite skilled at pleasuring two men at the same time, something that certainly should have been impossible for a girl who was supposed to be a virgin.

It didn't take long for the first man to finish. Lucy's pussy was young and tight and the night was ready for the revels. He discharged himself with a strangled cry deep into her cunt, nearly collapsing upon her body. Seeing that he was finished the guests began to call out, "Show us, show us, show us!" The soldier pushed himself off the girl and staggered to the side. Like a good maiden serving her princess, Lucy kept her thighs splayed showing off her reddened and sore pussy to the guests, tilting her hips slightly downward. After a few moments the thick, milky white fluid began to pour forth from within her. Upon this evidence that her ersatz virginity was now gone, the crowd ceased their chanting and applauded their approval. The second man being serviced by Lucy finished when Lucy reached into his pants, found the root of his cock and the sack hanging below the thick member. She firmly squeezed the balls, causing him to rapidly finish, filling her mouth with his seed.

After a prompting look from Dev, Romina stepped forward, pushing aside the crowd. It was a princess's duty to perform many distasteful tasks, but his wasn't one of them. There was a time when a princess was served by her ladies and other times when she needed to serve them. Romina knelt before Lucy's sex, the girl's legs still open wide; if she was aware of the princess, the seemed to take no notice as the blond princess circled her hands around Lucy's thighs, leaned in, kissed her gently on the test of matted, wet hair, then slid down to tongue and suck away the man's seed from the girl's cunt. It wasn't a task she found distasteful, it was one she had been looking forward to.

Proving that she was a true princess willing to serve her people, Romina carefully cleaned the warrior's spunk from Lucy's pussy. She licked her way around the girl's labia then plunged forward and sucked the rich fluid from her sex. The flavor was thick in her mouth as it rolled on her tongue and down her throat. Lucy appreciated the service that her princess performed for her, wiggling her hips and groaning deep in the back of her throat. It didn't take Romina long to clean the girl, but she stayed between the beauty's legs, giving the girl pleasure until Lucy couldn't resist any longer and her body responded by flooding Romina's mouth with her juices, announcing her moment of crisis with a cry of pleasure. Finally Romina rocked back on her heels and delicately wiped the slickness from her lips and cheeks as the guests applauded their approval.

"It's time for the celebration to start," she announced when the crowd quieted down to hear her words. This was followed by more laughter and cheers for even though her announcement had been eagerly anticipated, they had already begun celebrating the betrothal. Those who were still clothed quickly stripped down and found the partner of their choice. Most had already removed their garments when they were watching Romina work on Lucy, some had delayed and now quickly caught up or simply started their sex play partially clothed.

Adhering to tradition, everyone was included in the orgy, no one could be excluded, and so Princess Romina circled the room several times making sure everyone was enjoying themselves, directing the occasional lost soul to an open and ready orifice, being the best hostess she could. Finally her route took her back to Dev who was standing next to one of her older ladies in waiting who was proving her oral skills to the young noble.

"Shouldn't you be saving that for me?" Romina asked him.

"Certainly," he answered and pulled his cock out of the woman's mouth with an audible pop. "Would you like to do it here or in our private room?"

She surveyed the scene being played out in the mead hall. It was an orgy of traditional trappings. Naked, sweaty bodies writhed and pulsed together in celebration of the betrothal, which was in itself a celebration of life. But Romina didn't want her ladies and Dev's warriors to see her possibly screaming in pain when her husband to be took her. As much as she wanted to actively participate in the orgy, she wouldn't be able to experience what she wanted, penetration. It was considered bad luck for the wife to be to copulate with another man after her mate had taken her maidenhead. As sore and stretched as she was, penetration was still all she desired. Oral pleasures were fine, but she wanted to be used, and used roughly.

"The private room, I think," she announced. "I'm a bit tired tonight." It was a lie, but the whitest of lies.

Even though she wasn't eager to perform for her guests, Romina's desire was still rampant after witnessing the orgy, enjoying Lucy and breathing the stimweed smoke that had been burning in the braziers all night. Dev allowed Romina to lead the way, admiring the elegant sway of her hips and buttocks as she walked up the many steps to their private apartment. He had anticipated a night of careful, gentle lovemaking; he was completely wrong in her intentions.

The moment they approached the bed Romina twisted him around and pushed the bigger man on to the bed, face up. She was on top of him in a flash, pulling his manhood back out of his breeches and hurriedly working it with her hands. "Ready for me?" she asked eagerly, not waiting for an answer.

There was a wild look in her eye. Dev had seen the same look in other women, it was lust backed with a long period between satisfaction of physical pleasure. She crawled on top of him and guided his stiff member into her hot and wet sex. She sighed with delight as he slid deep into her.

"Carefully," he warned her.

"Don't worry," she said. "I'm ready for you." Without further preamble she started pumping her hips up and down, enjoying the length and silky smooth feel of his cock inside her. 

Dev was surprised, not just at her unexpected enthusiasm for coupling so soon after her encounter with the troll, but that she wasn't stretched out and loose like an old whore. She was tight and firm, not too tight like a virgin, but perfectly fitting him. He could feel her internal muscles gripping him.

"You're tight," he told her, surprised at her enthusiasm and feel.

"I know," she grunted, grinding down her hips. "I feel good."

"You're not sore from last night?" He was surprised.

She hesitated just a moment before answering him. He wasn't sure if the hesitation was from her reluctance to answer or because she was too busy humping his cock. "A little," she admitted. "But it's a good kind of sore. Let's me know I'm still alive." She bit her lip, concentrating as she ground her hips down and forward, rubbing her tiny button of pleasure on his pubic bone.

"Faster," he urged her, thrusting his hips up at her.

Romina planted her hands on his shoulders and balanced herself on her knees so that she could work her body up and down faster. "Uhh, uhh, uhh," she breathed in and out, squeezing Dev's cock as hard as she could. She couldn't wait any longer and reached down between their bodies, found his sack and firmly twisted his balls to make them spill out their seed. It was just what he needed to finish and his heavy ejaculate flooded into her. She collapsed against his chest and shuddered with the pleasure he had given her. Everything was as it should have been in the northern tower of betrothal.

Except messengers had been dispatched to every important lord in the realm with the rumor that Princess Romina might be carrying a bellyful of a troll's spawn.