 "We shouldn't be doing this," Sarah whispered.

"I know," Rosalind murmured back as she brushed through Sarah's long dark hair, "we should stop."

"Mmm" Sarah moaned as she pulled Rosalind into a kiss. Her hands wandered over Rosalind's tight body, touching everywhere, exploring everything.

Ros responded in kind, eagerly sliding her hands underneath Sarah's coarse, cotton shirt. Somehow the feeling of her warm skin sent a chill through her. As the tips of her fingers stroked up to the curve of Sarah's tits the heat almost burned her fingertips. She shivered in excitement as she felt the soft flesh dimply beneath her fingertips.

Long, slender fingers squeezed her as Sarah rubbed her bottom. Sarah seemed to get more excited as Rosalind caressed her tits, and she groped Ros even more feverishly. She tremulously moved her hands up just enough to pull back the waist of Ros' pants and slide them inside.

Rosalind pushed her ass back and grinded against Sarah's hands. She pressed herself closer, continuing to kiss and nibble at the other woman's lips. She could feel herself growing moist as a torrent of pent up lust cascaded from her body.

"We should stop; if Garic were here..." Sarah's protest was cut off by Rosalind as she lifted the woman's shirt over her head, baring her breasts for the other woman.

"But he's not. My brother's been gone so long. Please, let me take care of you..." Rosalind cooed sweetly as she pulled off her own tunic, and then pressed her naked tits against Sarah's. The feeling of another woman's breasts pushed against her own sent a thrill through her. "I can see how lonely you've been."

It was true, she was sure. Sarah's husband, her brother, was gone, leaving her all alone. It was Rosalind's duty to care for her, she told herself. The justification and excuses soothed Ros' conscience as she stroked Sarah's waist and hips, gradually loosening and opening her pants up to give her fingers even more access.

A smile crossed her lips as she felt Sarah tense and hold her breath. Ros' heart began to beat faster in anticipation as she slid her fingers down the front of her sister-in-law's pants. This was a first for both of them. Excitement gripped her as she felt her fingers brush through another woman's pubic hair, and then touch the dampness of her slit for the first time.

She was doing it! She was actually doing! She was fingering Sarah's pussy. Once the barrier of the taboo had been crossed, the last of Ros' inhibitions slipped away. She pressed her fingertips more assertively against Sarah's folds, brushing aside her labia to caress the sensitive flesh beneath. "Oh, you're so wet for me Sarah. I knew you wanted this just as much as I did."

"Mmm...yes, yes Ros. I want it, I've wanted it for a long time..." Sarah murmured as she pushed Ros' pants down as well. Soft tremors of excitement ran through her as she felt the other woman's fingers explore her most intimate spot. Each brush of the pads of her fingers made her chest swell and urged her to jut her hips forward to more fully ride Ros' hand.

Their lips touched again, but this time Rosalind eagerly plunged her tongue into Sarah's mouth. It danced with hers, the two intertwining even more than their bodies were already rubbing and pressing together. She felt Sarah's bare thigh pressing against her legs, so she opened them up eagerly. Ros mounted Sarah's thigh and began sliding her wet slit up and down, humping it wantonly as her fingers spread Sarah's petals. She rubbed the slick, pink inner folds, and then ran her fingertips up to the her love button. She began to circle and caress Sarah's clit, rolling the nub beneath the pads of her fingers until her sister-in-law began to melt beneath her.

"Ah! Ros! Oh Ros!" Sarah cried out as she bucked her hips into her husband's sister. She eagerly rode the rising crest of pleasure. Sarah tightly grabbed Ros' ass and pulled it against her thigh, helping her mount and hump her leg.

"Yes, that's it Sarah, do it. Let it go, cum for me!" Ros whispered into Sarah's ear passionately as her hand became a blur between Sarah's legs. She was rewarded a moment later as Sarah jerked back and cried out in pleasure. Warm, sticky fluid coated Ros' fingers as she continued to work Sarah through the climax.

When Sarah could finally take no more Ros eased up on her and gently guided her down onto the floor. She lowered her face to Sarah's tits to kiss and nip at her hard nipples, tracing them with her tongue and gently pressing her teeth into the soft flesh.

"Ah, oh Ros, that's so good. Mmm...I didn't know it could be like this." Sarah continued to move her hips, idly pushing up into the air as she trembled in the aftermath of her climax.

"I'm not done with you yet, love." Rosalind dragged her lips down to Sarah's navel, planting soft kisses on her burning skin as she went. The descent didn't stop there, however. She continued to move south, getting more excited and passionate as she went. Sarah's thick, erotic scent began to permeate as Ros dipped below the waistline and down the pelvis.

"Ros, what are you, oh!" Sarah convulsed in pleasure as Rosalind's tongue found her drenched pussy. The feeling of that soft, yet strong tongue flicking, lapping, and licking against her sensitive flesh made her curl and cry out in delight.

Rosalind delight in the taste of Sarah's pussy, and reveled in the power that making Sarah cavort beneath her made her feel. She eagerly thrust her tongue deep inside Sarah's slit, and thrashed it around. She rubbed the inner walls and scooped out her juices and girlish cum as she feasted on her sister-in-law's sex.

Sarah thrashed wildly, bucking her hips up in pleasure. She reached down to claw at Rosalind's hair, gripping the back of her head tightly to hold her in place, not wanting to miss a single moment of that ecstatic pleasure. Each brush from the tip of the tongue was like a lightning strike flashing through her body.

The wet sound of Ros' tongue smacking against Sarah's juicy folds filled the room. Ros moved her hands down the joint between Sarah's thighs and hips, stroking the strip of flesh. She could feel her own arousal building, but she held it back. She wanted to drown Sarah in pleasure, to seduce her with orgasmic bliss before indulging in her own wanton needs.

She continued to assault Sarah's senses. Rosalind dipped her tongue deep into Sarah's pussy and scooped upwards until the tip popped out and collided with Sarah's clit. She began to flick it back and forth, then circle it rapidly before brushing it again and again.

Sarah began to pant and cry out louder. The renewed attack on her already engorged and aroused clit quickly pushed her back to the brink of another orgasm. She curled her toes into the floor and pushed her hips up, launching herself against Rosalind's mouth to try and enhance the force and friction pressing against her clit.

Feeling Sarah near her crest, Rosalind pressed her lips around Sarah's clit and captured it in her mouth. She sucked in her mouth to create a tight seal around the nub, and then began to rapidly swirl her tongue around. She pushed it in every direction while rolling her tongue back and forth.

It didn't take long for Sarah to careen over the edge into climax. "Aaaaah!" Another shrill moan escaped her lips as she convulsed in pleasure. "Yes Ros! Yes ah!" She tried to jerk her hips, but Rosalind kept them trapped, refusing to allow Sarah to escape the throes of passion.

Feeling Sarah explode orgasmically beneath her again was the last straw. While Sarah was still shaking and basking in her glow, Rosalind shakily rose from the ground, lifting Sarah's legs with her. She stepped between them, straddling her sister-in-law, and then lowered herself down to the other woman. Rosalind shuddered in delight when she felt her slick nether lips collide with Sarah's.

She began to move her hips, gyrating back and forth as she rubbed their sexes together. "Oh yessss...finally...ah!" Throaty moans of pleasure rolled out of her throat as she found the long awaited stimulation to her pussy. From her vantage point above Sarah, she looked down at her sister-in-law's glossy eyes. Sarah was dazed in lust even as Rosalind renewed the stimulation to her overheated sex.

"Ah, Ros! Ros!" Sarah purred as Ros kissed her curled toes. She lay back, spreading her arms and legs to expose her whole body as she luxuriated in the sweet attention. Her hard nipples sliced through the air as her tits bounced from every thrust of her hips as she pushed herself into Rosalind's cunt.

Rosalind closed her eyes and threw her head back as she felt lances of pleasure shooting up from her pussy. The constant friction of their slick nether lips sliding against one another created an endless loop of pleasure. Lust burned inside her, fueled by the final consummation of her taboo love for her sister-in-law. All that was left was to join Sarah in climax to find the peace and fullness that she had craved for so long.

Her knees shook and buckled as the approaching climax threatened to overwhelm her. She closed her lips around Sarah's toe and began to suck, working her tongue in and out between them in an attempt to forestall her climax. The moment was too perfect; she wanted to drag it out forever.

Her wild gyrations grew into wider circles as she lost control. The passion was too great, and Rosalind was just too close to the edge. Her mind began to go blank as she grew ever closing to her impending climax. "Sarah! I love you! I love you Sarah!"

"I love you too Ros! I love you! Aaaaah!"

Hot girlish cum splashed against Ros' pussy as Sarah cummed again. Feeling her lover surrender to the pleasure was the final push she needed. The world grew brighter and brighter as Rosalind's own climax swelled and then erupted into pure bliss.

****

Rosalind woke as rays from the early morning sun poked through the gaps in-between the boards of her hovel. Her body still tingled as she pulled her hand from between her legs. Memories of her erotic dream began to fade, but she knew they would always linger there just beneath the surface. Rosalind groaned as she crawled out of her sleeping pack and straightened out her stiff back. She pulled her long red hair out of her face and tied it behind her bed, and then stuck her head out to breathe the morning air.

The ground was still frosty, even as spring began to dawn. It always lasted late into the year up in the Hill lands. All around the Lainaird's Tribe's small encampment the bustle of daily life was beginning. Shepherds were rounding up their sheep, either to take out to the grazing lands or to pass off to the drovers who would take them down into Thesta to trade in the markets there.

Others were seeing to the other livestock, cattle, pigs, and goats. It was still too early in the year to begin planting, so they would have to rely on animals and whatever food they could hunt or gather from the countryside to subside on.

"Good morning Auntie Rosalind!" Melinda's cheery voice rang out from across the way. The bright young woman stepped out into the crisp morning and stretched her arms out.

"Morning, Mellie." Rosalind smiled back, hoping she wasn't blushing too badly. Her niece Melinda was the daughter of her brother Garic, the former chief of their tribe, and Sarah. Already a young woman, she looked just like her mother did at that age, which made Rosalind ever more uncomfortable.

When Garic and his sons died of the Sweltering Sickness two years ago, Rosalind became the acting chief until either she or Melinda had a son who came of age. "How you sleep last night? I hope Cuthbert didn't keep you up too late."

Cuthbert Korlick was the son of one of their neighboring tribes. He had been courting Melinda, and if they wed and had children it would unite them into one. Such alliances were more important than ever these days. After nearly twenty years of Zentaran rule, The northern Hestens were getting restless and whenever that happened they started looking to the Hills for conquest.

"Oh no, not too late. He was a perfect gentleman." Melinda beamed a smile at her. "But then, he'd have to be if he wanted to survive the night in the middle of this lot." She laughed and gestured to the rest of the tribe as they went about their business. "Wouldn't do to have a Korlick disrespect the old chief's daughter. They'd skin him alive!"

Rosalind smiled at that, knowing it was true. Just as well though, she didn't want Melinda getting taken in and deflowered too soon, especially if an honorable marriage wasn't going to come out of it. Though on the other hand, that might be just the thing that would make marriage inescapable.

"I'm sure they would, and should! You're a fair lass and a good woman. You should be treated with respect! Not how they treat their ladies down there in Heste. Or Zentara, or whatever they call themselves these days!" While the Zentaran conquest of Heste had brought a new era of peace between the northern Hesten Lords and the Catabrian Tribes, the stories that began filtering through about the alliance between orc and man, or rather, orc and women were troubling. "Especially if you're going to be giving the Tribe its new Chief."

"It could still be you, Aunt Ros. You're still young enough."

It was true, that at around thirty years old she was still young enough to have a child, but it wasn't likely. She just wasn't ever interested in finding a man and marrying. "Maybe, but I think that ship has sailed. No one will want a slice of old Rosalind when Pretty Mellie is still on the table." Rosalind smiled at her niece. She wasn't bitter, it was the truth. Melinda was considered a great beauty with her copper colored hair and fair skin. Rosalind knew that she was also attractive, but she was already past her prime. Her looks were setting, while Mellie's were still rising.

Her niece blushed at the compliment. "Even still, there's still time for you to find a man if you want one. Any one of these brutes would be lucky to have you!"

"Ros! Ros! The beacon fires! The beacon fires are lit!" Black Pete, her father's closest friend, came running up to her. "Korlick is signaling a Hesten army invading!"

"By the Abyss, so soon? It's not even properly spring yet!" She had hoped that they'd have at least a couple more years before this happened.

Melinda paled at the news. "What are we going to do? I have to tell Cuthbert!"

Rosalinda placed her hand on Melinda's shoulder and squeezed it reassuringly. "Yes, do that. He'll need to get back to his Tribe. After that it's just like we always planned. I'll get the men and move into the Rothge Forest, you get the rest of the tribe and the livestock higher up in the hills." She smiled. "You can do this. Leave the damn Hestens to me."

Melinda smiled and ran off, leaving Ros with Black Pete. The old retainer looked grim. "I've got a bad feeling about this one, Ros. This ain't gonna be some summer raid for booty and glory. I'm betting they'll be looking to try and conquer us again."

"They've been trying that for hundreds of years to no success. We drove them out before and we'll do it again."

"Aye, but this time we may not be getting any help from Thesta. They've got a treaty with the Zentaran Queen, and her son is the King of Heste. What if they don't come?"

Rosalind didn't want to entertain that possibility. With Thestan help they could probably drive the the Hestens out in a year. Without it, it could be a decade long war of attrition. "They'll come, they have to. But hopefully it won't come to that. More than one invasion has died in the Rothge Forest, we just have to make sure this one does to."

The Rothge Forest was dense with trees and the only approach from Heste into the Hills. A narrow road cut through it, making it a great ambush spot for the Tribes to raid the Hestens whenever they invaded. The first battle of any conflict was invariably fought there.

"Yeah, that'll do Ros. I'll get the men rounded up."

"Good man. We'll meet with the Korlicks and the Brannogs at Tillburg and move out from there. Oh, and be sure to send a riders to Thesta. I hope it won't come to it, but we still need to ask."

Pete nodded. "Will do Ros. We'll stop them! We've never let them dogs put a boot on us before. I'll be damned to the Abyss if I'm the one who finally lets them get a hold of the Hills."

As Pete left, Rosalind returned to her hut. She grabbed her bow and spear, as well as her leather shirt and vest. Her people were never as well armed or armored as the Hestens, but that had never stopped them before, and it wouldn't stop them now.

****

Rosalind crouched behind the thick tree shrouded in darkness. The Rothge forest was so dense that one couldn't see the sun during the day. At night it was near impossible to see, especially if you didn't know where you were going. Men from the outer clans had been harassing the invaders for days, softening them up for the main ambush from the three major clans on the southeastern end of the Catabrbian Hills.

In the distance she could hear the Zentaran army approaching. The steady, relentless pounding of thousands of boots on the ground made her heart beat faster. She had never seen combat herself; Heste had been far too occupied with being consumed by Zentara to plan any adventures in the Catabrian Hills. But her father had told stories, as had Black Pete and all the other men of the tribe.

The armies marching through the forest would be harassed and attacked from all sides; stuck and bled again and again so that by the time they reached the hills they would be demoralized and prone to rash decisions. Then they would be baited into risky attacks in the hills that gave the Catabrians every advantage. Meanwhile, skirmishers would continue to stalk the woods, slowing reinforcements and supplies being sent from Heste.

Rosalind clutched her bow tighter as began to see movement in the distance down the road. She pulled an arrow out of her quiver and lined it up with the strong, ready to be nocked and fired. As the marching army grew closer she picked out her target. Rosalind's eyes widened as she saw the large warrior's green face beneath his leather cap.

An orc! I always heard they had grey skin, she thought. But looking down the line, it seemed that most of the marching orcs had green skin. She aimed the bow and pulled back the string, ready to loose the arrow and let it fly. Tension filled the air as everything seemed to go still and the forest held its breath. The silence was pierced with a sharp scream, soon joined by several more as the Catabrians attacked. Rosalind released the string, and then reached back for another as she watched her arrow fly towards its mark.

The wooden shaft puncture through the orc's eye and jutted out through the back of his skull. I just killed someone, she realized. She had taken a life. She stared in shock as the orc collapsed to the ground. I wonder who he was, she thought before her heart grew a little harder, and if he had time to regret coming here.

"Here they come again! Form ranks!" A trumpet blasted and the orcs began forming into squares with their shields out.

The booming noise shook he rout of her reverie, and she quickly nocked another arrow and shot it towards the orcs. More arrows came from all around, slamming into the orcs as they quickly formed their shield walls.

A startled gasp to her side distracted her for a moment. She turned and saw one of the Korlicks clutching an arrow in his throat. The young man gurgled and stumbled backwards as blood coursed through his fingertips. Finally he fell backwards dead.

More arrows began to fly out from within the orc formation. Most of her men were in cover, but the arrows were expertly aimed and managed to hit targets even hidden behind trees. One arrow snapped alongside the tree she was hiding behind, showering her face with bark and making her dive into the earth. She scurried up to one knee and returned fire, sending an arrow through the ankle of a faceless orc.
