 "Finally! It's about time we made it out of that Abyssal damned forest." Logoth said. The young orc stretched his arms out and took a deep breath. After marching through the Rothge forest for so long it was invigorating to be out in the sun once again. 

Agmar ignored his son, keeping his gaze forward. The Catabrian Hills rose before them, promising land, livestock, and women for all the soldiers of his army. Agmar had collected every green skinned orc he could find into his grand army. With them came his own impressive brood of bastards spawned during his forty-two years of life. His vision was to forge them into a mighty force combining the strength and speed of orcs with the discipline and strategy of humans. 

"I can't wait until we reach this Catabrian city. I'm ready to find a good woman and a plot of land to graze." Logoth continued. At 18, Logoth was thirsty to prove himself, both on the battlefield and as a landowner. 

The young orc was driven by his parentage, or lack of it. His mother was some pretty whore he met on the streets of Ruar one night. Agmar didn't even remember the girl's name, only the way that she protested she wasn't a working girl. But what was she doing out so late at night in the red light district then? Agmar assumed the bitch just didn't want to lay with an orc. But when she showed up at the castle with a green orc spawn he took him in and named him Logoth before sending the girl on her way. 

"It's not a city, shithead. There's nothing like a city within a month's march at least." Bogor replied. 

Bogor was Agmar's eldest bastard, and also one of his most competent. But then, he was the son of a noblewoman, the first woman he was with. Some handmaiden to the Queen when he was but a lad. Agmar had made him his nominal second in command for the invasion. He was certainly the smartest of his children, and a decent fighter in his own right even if he lacked the ruthlessness that he would need to succeed. Agmar hoped that the subjugation of the Catabrians would bring that out in him. 

"That's fine. I don't want to live in a city again anyway. Lots of land and some sheep or goats to graze it. Plenty of open space and open sky." 

"I dunno, I've heard it gets cold up here in the winter, especially since there are no cities to trap the heat." Kovos interjected. He served as Agmar's squire, though being almost 14 he would soon start looking for ways to get himself knighted. Agmar didn't quite remember where he came from, but nonetheless took him in when he was presented at the castle as one of his sons. 

"Quiet." Agmar grumbled. "If you're just going to chatter like women then go off and find something useful to do. Interrogate the prisoners. Speak to the men. Scout ahead. But don't just blather on about nothing." 

Silence reigned for a moment, before Logoth spoke. "I'd be happy to interrogate that tasty redhead you-" 

Agmar's glare quickly silenced him, and he spurred his horse and rode up ahead of the column. also peeled off, leaving him alone with his squire, who knew better than to speak up again. Finally left alone with some peace and quiet, Agmar's mind turned back to when he first proposed the invasion. 

"...So by infiltrating the forest with an advance party of dragoons, we'll be able to cut off the Catabrians in the initial battle. With the three main clans defeated, we'll be able to stroke quickly into the Catabrian Hills before the rest of the clans get a chance to unite into a single, cohesive force." 

Queen Jeanette, King Grotok, and King Belkor had been sitting around the table of Jeanette's war room studying maps as Agmar made his proposal. Now that he was done they collected their thoughts. 

"I think you underestimate the Catabrians." Belkor spoke first as he looked up from the map. "Every story I've heard describes them as strong, cunning warriors. They've never been successfully occupied for a prolonged period of time." 

"They've never fought a force like the one I am putting together. Hesten Lords looking to expand their feudal demesnes are not the same as orcs looking to cultivate pastoral land. Our people have the skills and strength necessary to take it in order." 

Jeanette stroked her chin thoughtfully. "The Catabrians have been successfully subjugated before. But they had outside help in liberating themselves." 

"Thesta won't risk war with Zentara and Heste for the sake of the Catabrians." Agmar stated decisively. 

"Amelie will not abandon them. She will absolutely form an army to eject you from Catabria. That will drag Zentara into a war with our greatest trading partner and ally." Grotok shook his head in disapproval. "And for what? Glory? So you can have a piece of land to lord over? It's too high a price." 

"Have you forgotten how the late King and his daughter snubbed you, Grotok? They didn't think that you were a worthy consort for the Princess-Knight." Jeanette said with a caustic bitterness in her voice. "They may be our greatest ally, but their greatest ally is Sandora. They will never truly trust or accept us." 

"If war comes, the primary target won't be Zentara, it will be Heste." Belkor pointed towards the Catabrian Tribes on the map. "The Thestan army will attack Agmar here and push into the Northern Provinces, where they still will find allies among the lords there." 

"The northern lords of Heste have been warring with the Catabrians forever. They won't side them in a war." Silently, Agmar was fuming at the Kings' cowardice. Couldn't they see that now was the time to strike? "They have been pushing for another campaign against them for years." 

"In order to provoke a war with Thesta. I cannot support an invasion of the Tribes." Said Grotok. 

"Nor can I." Added Belkor. 

Jeanette raised her hand, bidding them all to be quiet. "Since the day I was coroneted, our family has expanded from Zentara to Heste and Deznessuian. I tried to tie ourselves to Thesta and Sandora through marriage, but those efforts were rejected. I can only believe that this was due to prejudice against your orc blood. They will never respect you, or your children. But there is a way to be sure. If they side with barbarians from the hills over their greatest trading partner, then we'll know for sure that war was inevitable regardless. I've made my decision. Sir Agmar, you have my permission to invade the Catabrian Tribes and bring them into our Dominion." 

Of course, Agmar had known the decision was preordained. It had all been settled the previous night. He had been spent months persuading her and convincing her that not only could it be done, but that he was the person to do it. Finally, Jeanette had come to him and touched him on the cheek. "Sir Agmar, I think it is time. It is a good plan; a plan worthy of my son." 

It was the first time he had ever acknowledged it, the first time she had confirmed to him that the rumors were true, and that he was the Queen's bastard son. It was fitting though, to have her finally tell the truth as he embarked on his great conquest. After the war was done and he was confirmed as King of the Catabrian Tribes he would have to see about making her admit it publically. 

Shouting ahead snapped him out of his reverie. He spurred his horse and galloped ahead up a hill. As he reached the crest he found himself on the outskirts of a small village. At the center were Logoth and a party of scouts. 

"They're not here! There's no one here!" A burly orc screamed at Logoth. 

"They've fled. Wouldn't you?" 

"Agmar made promises! Women, livestock, land! There's not even any loot! This whole shitting town is empty!" 

"They can't have gone far, and it's not like they can hide, not with all their livestock and everything else will find them. My father will find them." Logoth replied confidently. 

"Your father couldn't find shit in a chamber pot if he stuck his head in to look! He-" The orc paused as he saw the younger orc freeze and blanch as the blood drained from his green face. He slowly turned around and recoiled as he saw Agmar coming up behind him. "Sir Agmar, I-" 

Agmar's fist struck like lightning, smashing the orc across the jaw and sending him tumbling to the ground. The warrior quickly threw himself up again until Agmar kicked him in the ribs and sent him rolling over. He then dove atop the other orc and began smashing his fist into the orc's face again and again. 

The orc's jaw, and tusk, snapped and flew across the center of the village as Agmar beat him senseless. Finally seeing that he had fallen unconscious, Agmar rose off the beaten warrior. "Anyone else want to complain? We've known all along they would run to the hills like cowards. We'll find them, and you'll get what you were promised. Sheep, goats, cattle, and pastures for all of them. Women-" He stopped short as something occurred to him. All the women were gone, except one. "Bring me the prisoners." He ordered Logoth, who quickly rode off to obey. 

Fifteen minutes later he was back, leading chained captives from the battle to the center of town. Almost a score of humans had been taken prisoner after the battle in the woods. Agmar had been tempted to kill them, but ultimately decided that he would need the physical labor, as well as people who knew the animals and area in order to train his own people. 

After they were lined up, the redhead, whose name he learned was Rosalind, was also brought before him in chains. "All the women in the village are gone; fled. Except for you, who picked up a spear and fought us in battle. Why? Who are you to them? Some kind of leader? A shaman?" 

Rosalind only glared at him defiantly, so he turned towards the other prisoners. "Well? Who is she to you?" He picked out one prisoner with a particularly nasty gash across his arm and gouged his finger in the bloody wound, making the human scream. "Who is she? No answer?" 

Agmar looked around at the assembled humans, who either looked away in fear or whose eyes tried to melt him with their fury. Even the wounded prisoner wouldn't answer him. The Catabrians were apparently made of stern stuff, but he wasn't finished yet. "Let's see if I can find a way to loosen your tongues." 

Agmar grabbed the chain around Rosalind's neck and yanked her towards one of the hitching posts in the village for livestock. The prisoners grumbled and started to rise up, but the orcs guarding them quickly knocked them back into place. 

He chained her to the post, and then grabbed a bullwhip and uncoiled the leather. "Let me know when you're ready to talk. You can stop it at any time; you just have to tell me who or what she is." A familiar flush began to creep through him as he stood behind her and examined her bound form from behind. She was prettily made, and it would be great fun to play with her. 

"Crack!" He snapped the whip in the air, making her flinch and fanning the growing flames inside him. He could feel her tenseness and her fear. He snapped it again on the other side. "Last chance..." but before even giving her a chance to answer he whipped her hard across the back, tearing her blouse and providing the first glimpse of her creamy flesh, which already began to turn into a bright red welt. 

When he still received no answer he whipped her again, and then again. Each time the vicious crack of the whip was met with a raucous cheer from the orcs and fiery hatred from the Catabrians. Despite Rosalind's shrill cries, she refused to give in and tell him what he wanted. Indeed, from the stony looks she was giving the men it seemed like she was imploring them to say nothing. 

She must be some kind of leader then, if she can command their silence. No matter, I'll get to the bottom of it, he thought. As he continued to whip the redhead her shirt began to tear away at the back. Long red marks criss-crossed her back as the tattered garment fell away to expose her flesh. 

Still nothing he thought. But rather than growing frustrated he grew even more interested and aroused at the thought of breaking her. Maybe humiliation will succeed where force failed. He stepped up to her and pressed his face against her bare back, feeling the heat emanating from the wounds. He dug his tusks into one of the marks and nuzzled up the length, making her hiss in pain. 

"Perhaps your men need a better look at you, so they can see for themselves what you're experiencing." He grabbed her shirt and tore it down, exposing her breasts. He stifled his own intake of breath as he watched Rosalind blush. Many of the prisoners looked away, but of course some stole looks at her naked body. In the end though, gradually all the men turned back to see what was happening to her. 

"Do you think they like what they see? How many of them have fantasized about you before, I wonder?" Agmar whispered into Rosalind's ear. He pressed his chest into her back and ran his hands up her body to cup her breasts, squeezing and massaging them." 

"Hey! Let her go!" One of the prisoners shouted, before being silenced by the butt of a spear to his stomach. 

He felt Rosalind wince against his body. Interesting. She cares for the men, then. Maybe I can use that, he thought. Agmar ran his fingers up to her nipples and pinched them, then twisted the nubs and pulled them away from her body. "This doesn't have to go any further. You don't need to be humiliated in front of your men. Just tell me who you are to them." 

"Ah! Nnng! Go to the Abyss!" Rosalind hissed at him. 

Agmar only grinned in satisfaction at the answer. He stepped to her front and slightly to the side, ensuring that the prisoners still had a good view of the show. He brought the whip back and lashed it forward, striking Rosalind across the chest. The corded leather cracked against her naked flesh making her cry out in pain. 

Another blow left a second welt across her tits, and then a third. Agmar whipped her again and again, making her dance for him and causing her breasts to bounce wildly as they became inflamed and was glowing a hot red. As beads of sweat began to form on his head from the exertion he took a step back to admire his handiwork. 

A half dozen long red welts extended from her shoulders to her navel, crossing her breasts, or sometimes in between them. Rosalind herself was rocking back and forth unsteadily, struggling to stay on her feet. Her red hair was soaked with sweat and clinging to her face as she breathed raggedly while reeling from the pain. 

"Still nothing to say? Any of you? Very well, I can't say I blame you. You obviously want to see more of your wench, and I'm happy to oblige." Still grinning, Agmar approached Rosalind again and ripped open her pants, and then yanked them down to her ankles. He pulled off her boots, and then tore the pants off the rest of the way, leaving her fully naked to the delight of the other orcs. 

Agmar pressed his nose into the scarlet thicket between her legs and took a deep breath of her scent as he prodded her labia with his tusks. Her maiden's blood still stained her milky thighs from her earlier violation, a fact which he promptly shared with her men by moving behind her and spreading her thighs. "Take a good look. How long has it been since some of you had seen her naked like this? A good while I'd guess, since she was still a virgin when I took her. Hah! A virgin beauty at her age? What's the matter with you lot anyway, aren't you real men? Was she some sort of priestess? Tell me, or this is just going to keep going on and on and on..." 

Agmar gave the prisoners a moment to answer, but to his amazement they still remained silent. Stubborn curs. Slowly an idea began to form in his mind. He wanted their cooperation, but he didn't need it. Maybe it would work out even better this way. "Well, if you don't want to talk, then maybe I'm better off getting rid of her. She's just a cunt, and there will be plenty more where she came from. Kovos! Rope!" 

The young squire came running over with a length of rope, which Agmar fastened into a noose and looped it around Rosalind's neck. 

"What are you-No! Let go!" With her hands still tied, Rosalind didn't have much capacity to resist. Still, she tried to knee and kick Agmar as she struggled to get away, but her blows proved ineffectual to the burly orc. 

As Agmar dragged Rosalind over to a nearby post the prisoners rose to their feet and started shouting. The orc guards pressed in from all sides, condensing the group down and keeping them penned together so they could only watch in horror as Agmar strung Rosalind up. His biceps bulged out as he pulled on the rope and lifted the struggling woman into the air before tying the base off. 

Rosalind choked and struggled to breath as she kicked her feet in the air. She wrestled at the rope binding her wrists, but couldn't work them free to relieve the pressure around her throat. Her lungs began to burn as she fought to breathe. 

"What about now? Does anyone have anything to say?" He didn't think they would, but that was fine. Agmar took a moment longer to admire the sight of her naked body flailing as her pale face started to color blue. "Ah, who am I kidding? I can't let such a beauty go to waste." Agmar grabbed a bow and arrow from one of the guards and with barely taking a moment to aim let it fly. The head of the arrow shot through the rope, severing it in two and causing Rosalind to collapse to the ground, hacking and coughing for breath. 

Agmar walked over to Rosalind and bent low to whisper in her ear. "I'm going to fuck you, right here, right now, and you better make me believe you're loving every inch of my fat orc dick or all of your men will be swinging instead of you." 

He grabbed her by the hair and dragged her over towards the prisoners as Rosalind was still struggling to breathe after nearly being strangled. He threw her down on all fours so she had to face her men. They began to fight and struggle again, but they were outnumbered and outmatched by their orc guards. 

"I don't know why any of you lot haven't taken this bitch before, but I'm gonna show you what she does to me, and what I'm gonna do to her. This little semen demon should have been bred long ago, but if none of you were man enough to do it I guess I'll just have to step up to the job!" 

The sight of Rosalind's naked, bruised, whipped body shaking on the ground at his feet made his already hard dick throb. He quickly whipped it out and lined it up between her legs. His large gray hand groped her tit and then stroked her bare shoulder, before giving her neck a warning squeeze. "This is what you want, isn't it? This is what you wanted all along?" 

Rosalind whimpered softly to herself as she felt the heavy dick resting on her ass cheeks while his beefy hand closed around the back of her neck. She looked up with pleading eyes to the men of her tribe, even though she knew they were powerless to save her. Finally, she rasped out in a scratchy voice, "Yes, I want your big fat orc dick. Give it to me, please!" She flushed with shame, but she didn't have a choice. It was either sacrifice her pride and give in or watch them all die. 

The mixed looks of disgust and pity struck her to her soul. She tried to put on a brave face in order to hold up her end of the bargain to keep her face, but she couldn't stop a look of revulsion as the orc's monstrous cock lined up with her slit. 

"You human sluts are all the same. One taste of orc dick will turn even the most chaste maidens into a wanton whore." Agmar reached between her legs and spread her nether lips, and then shoved his thick shaft deep into her folds. He grinned in satisfaction as she gave an exaggerated moan in response. "And that's what you are now, right? A wanton whore?" 

"Ah, yeah, I'm a w-whore for you! Fuck me please!" Rosalind shuddered as she felt that massive log lodged inside her body begin to move. Each time the orc drew back his hips she slid on the ground, only to be thrown forward when he slammed into her again. "Ow!" 
