 Six Months Later

The sun shone bright orange early in the morning, its rays beating down on the long Mead Hall which now dominated the center of the village. The small encampment which had once been the home of the Lainaird Tribe had grown into a small town after he repopulated it with captives from neighboring tribes. Once the wooden palisade surrounding it was completed Agmar finally decided it was worthy of a name and dubbed it Royalton. A fitting name for a King's City, he thought.

The town itself was a strange mixture of human and orc custom. On the one hand it had the open, pastoral layout of an orc encampment, with small huts and gated fields for livestock, mixed with long halls for the orc retainers without property. But on the other, it had walls, a centralized building for the King, as well as a Square and market stalls for commerce. Eventually Agmar planned to grow the Mead Hall into a proper keep, but that would take years.

The town was a testament to Agmar's vision for an orc Kingdom. His uncle Bodak tried something similar in Braden, long ago, but had gone about it all wrong. He simply forced the most aggressive of the orcs into human castles and let them loose. But their querulous nature made it difficult to manage land and that first generation of orcs didn't have the experience to manage humans in tilling it.

Agmar planned to let orcs be orcs. Some would tend livestock, some would be merchants. Most would be retainers, getting to share in their Lord's women and food in return for combat. Subduing the Hills completely would take several more years at least. Perhaps even a decade. Then he would see about turning his attention to Thesta. War was going to come, if not today as a result of his invasion, then in years to come.

The ivory throne creaked beneath him as he shifted his weight. Not real ivory, though, not from the tusks of the sea bears who populated the northern coast of the Hills or from the elephants found in the Eastern Kingdoms. Human ivory, culled from the 'Abyss' itself. Femurs made up the seat and held up the chair itself. Its back was made of ribs, and a row of thirteen skulls decorated the top. Eventually he would have it replaced with real ivory from the north. But for now, he decided that a certain terror was called for the intimidate these barbarians into staying in line.

Case in point was the matter brought before him today for judgment. "Bring forth the prisoner."

Cuthbert Korlick was dragged forward by two burly orcs. Even with his bruised and puffy face the Tribesman managed to look defiant. The leader of the Korlick Clan had recently been captured while trying to raid sheep from the holdfast. The thought made Agmar grin with satisfaction; organize resistance in these parts of the Hills had degenerated into banditry.

Crouched at his feet beside the throne, Mel gave a little whimper. Agmar reached down to stroke her head affectionately. He had long since heard that his slave had once been betrothed to the man. "Cuthbert Korlick, you've been caught stealing sheep and bearing arms against my guards. Do you have anything to say in your defense?"

"I didn't steal anything. How could I steal what's rightfully mine? Those sheep had my mark on them, sure enough. Seems to me I was taking back after your man stole them."

Agmar scowled at the human. The man's fate was sealed before he ever entered the room, but he wanted to make a show of justice so people would at least hope that judgments would be fair. But instead of giving Cuthbert rope to hang himself with he turned it around in a way that any human would think reasonable. Which I should have seen coming, he thought, I've grown complacent in victory and success.

"Your lands and herds were stripped of you for your treason in swearing fealty and taking up arms against your King." That wasn't true, strictly speaking, as Cuthbert had never been given the opportunity to swear fealty, but it sounded good. Good enough at any rate. "Throw him in the 'Abyss'!"

The orcs cheered, but beside him Mel whimpered. "Do you have something to say, pet? Would you like to intercede on your former betrothed's behalf?"

Cuthbert looked at Mel, seeing her there for the first time. He hadn't recognized her at first, not with her crouched and dirty, her hair tangled in front of her face. Certainly not with the round belly either, swollen with Agmar's spawn. His face was torn between shock, disgust, and the faint hope that somehow Mel's intercession could save him.

But Mel just shook her head and looked away. Agmar rose off his throne and grabbed the leash attached to Mel's neck and led her after Cuthbert and the guards as they dragged him out of the Mead Hall. Agmar's preferred form of punishment, at least his preferred form of lethal punishment, was to condemn prisoners to the 'Abyss'. An old Hell Glass pit mine, long since abandoned, had been deepened and widened into the side of a hill.

The smooth, inky black stone sides seemed to absorb all light, so that looking down you couldn't see how deep it was, or whether anything was alive down there. Cuthbert was dragged to the edge of the earth's gaping maw, but before they threw him in he was able to shout his final words.

"Enjoy it while you can, Agmar! Amelie is coming, and Thesta rides with her! She'll sweep you and the rest of your trash from these hills! You'll die a failure! A nothing, a no one, a bastard failure!"

Agmar snarled and kicked him square in the chest, sending him flying into the pit. His screams echoed in the chamber, gradually fading into the faint shriek of the wind tearing through the hole. No one was really sure if he would survive the fall or not; it was just known that no one came out again after being thrown inside. Eventually his wounds, or hunger, or thirst would see to him.

Or perhaps, as some muttered, one of the previous prisoners condemned to the Abyss would murder and eat him. Already legends were springing up about savage, cannibal prisoners in the depths. The warriors who stood guard at the pit told stories of howling screams coming from within. It's just the wind, he thought, but still, the stories sent a shiver down the spine of even orcs.

Worse than the tales of the Abyss, to Agmar's annoyance, were tales of the Princess-Knight, Amelie. Cuthbert was right when he said Amelie was coming. Spies in Thesta had reported her gathering troops, and he knew Jeanette, Belkor, and Trogar were gathering swords in their Kingdoms as well. It still remained to be seen if the diplomats would calm things, but the fragile peace between the Kingdoms rested on a knife's edge.

For weeks his men had been looking over their shoulders, to the rise of every hill, as if expecting that Amelie and her Falcon Guard would come sweeping down and take them unawares. Although her service in the last war against Heste had earned her fearsome reputation, it was her actions against the orcs of the Angrian Marche that made his warriors shudder.

Some orc tribes never did surrender to Turogg, and they had continued to raid Thesta and Sandora while the orcs moved into Zentara and then Heste. After one particularly bad year of raids Amelie had decided to launch a reprisal against the orcs. She formed her own caravan and set out into the Marche on the normal trade route. But rather than carrying goods or treasures, she brought soldiers and steel. When the local orc warlord demanded tribute to let the caravan pass, she refused. And when his warriors descended on the caravan they met not scared merchants and green guards but her seasoned Falcon Guard, and were cut down.

She didn't end it there, though. She followed them back to their camp and burned it, claiming the livestock and freeing all the women she found. Then she marched on the nearest trading post, which did business with the tribe, and burned that as well and plundered its riches. She extracted a map of all the nearby orc encampments from the prisoners, before returning home to Thesta. From then on, anytime one of her towns was attacked her Falcon Guard rode in the March to burn one of the encampments. It took a few years, but eventually she pushed the orcs back far enough that the raids came to a halt.

Orcs rightly looked down on humans as being weak warriors in their own right. Oh they were brave enough to be sure, and clever, but small and weak. Their women were even more so, and yet Amelie not only didn't fear to meet them in combat but was known to have cut down many in fair combat. It was whispered that she was surely channeling some dark power from the Abyss to give her such prowess.

The rumors were absurd, of course. Steel could kill an orc, whether held by elf or man, man or woman. Still, all through his town orcs muttered, Amelie is coming. Amelie is coming. Amelie is coming. The Princess-Knight's arrival was a talisman for the humans as well. He could see in their faces that they still had hope that she would save them, as Thesta had so many times in the past.

The orcs need a distraction, and I have just the idea. "If Amelie comes, I'll show you what's waiting for her. Let's take a walk over to the barn for some sport, eh?" He chuckled and soon the others were joining in as they made their way to the barn.

Inside, Rosalind, Sarah, and several other pregnant women were penned inside stalls, bent over on all fours with their heavy stomachs and pendulous tits swinging beneath them. Agmar led the party over to Sarah and Rosalind. "These two. Their udders are looking full, give them a good milking!"

Both women hid their glares as they were led out of the stall, their naked bodies on full display to them. Two orcs quickly knelt beside them and groped for their breasts while saucepans were slid beneath the women. Agmar watched in delight as the thick green fingers of his warriors pinched and pulled at the four nipples until milk began to dribble out into the pans.

"If Queen Amelie decides to show her face around here, this will be her fate. I'll turn her into one of my cows! She may be too old now to bear our children, but it won't be from lack of trying, I'll guarantee you that!" Agmar laughed and his men cheered.

On the floor, Rosalind and Sarah looked down blankly, though Sarah did steal a glance to make sure Melinda was all right; or at least, as well as could be expected. Agmar walked between them, stroking and betting their flesh before looking down at their bellies.

Then he stood back, to take a moment to savor the image before his eyes. Sarah and Rosalind, on all fours, stripped naked, their bellies swollen with children, as their breasts were rubbed and milked by his orcs. Agmar's cock began to stiffen in his pants, and he began to rub himself idly as he watched the women get milked.

"Who should I have a go with? Who's turn is it for her King's royal shaft? Decisions, decisions..."

Rosalind sighed softly as her head hung in defeat. "Mine, Your Highness! Please fuck me, it's my turn, I need it!" She tried to force enthusiasm into her voice. She didn't know if it was her turn or not, but being able to spare the others from Agmar's attention was one of the few choices she had left.

Agmar grinned and stepped behind Ros. "Well, isn't that sweet. I suppose I can't deny a request asked so nicely." The big orc pulled his cock out and stroked it to complete hardness as he rubbed Ros' bottom. He cupped her cheek in his thick green fingers and spread them apart to reveal her anus. His thumb pushed against it as he slapped his cock against the soft flesh. "The rest of you can dig in, have fun, show them what happens to human bitches when they take on orcs!"

Gripping his cock firmly he pushed the slanted tip against Rosalind's little star. He urged it forward, pushing it deep into the woman. This wasn't the first time she'd been fucked in the ass since being captured, and her anal ring spread easily for the invader. The muscles of her sphincter had long since been stretched out, and very little resistance was offered to him as he thrust inside.

"Nnng!" Rosalind winced as she felt Agmar push into her ass. She lowered her head again with a sigh. While she'd drawn Agmar's attention to herself, she hadn't spared the others. If anything, it might be even worse for them. Now she watched as Mel and Sarah were surrounded by orcs. Instead of just fucking Agmar like she was, they looked like they were about to be gangbanged.

Cocks slid into Mel and Sarah's asses, and then into their mouths. The orcs instantly began to thrust their hips, sliding their shafts in and out. Sarah and Mel had been well trained to obedience, and met the thrusts with their own movements, working their hips back into the cocks while they voraciously sucked on those twisted dicks.

Sarah's lips glided along the length, coursing over every ridge as she devoured the length, taking it all the way into her throat. As it pushed to its deepest point, the young mother jerks her hips back into the orc behind her, so that both their cocks filled her at once.

Mel behaved likewise. Despite her tender age, she had learned much about pleasing dicks in the last six months. She expertly bobbed her head up and down, taking the cock all the way into her throat with each movement. The faster and more skillfully the pleasured the orcs the quicker they would get off and leave her alone.

Ros did her best to mirror her relatives, but Agmar wasn't in any hurry to cum today. He kept her hips firmly in control, not allowing her to buck and ride him. She was limited to contracting and relaxing her ass around his dick as it punched in and out, but even then he didn't give in to the pleasure quickly.

He was still fucking her steadily when the other orcs began to cum. First flooding Mel's tight ass with cum, and then Sarah's belly. As each one pulled out, they were quickly replaced by more cocks. All the while, Agmar continued to hammer inside Rosalind. He released one side of her hip to reach beneath the red head and began to stroke her slit while he fucked her.

His thick green fingers stroked up and down over her pussy, before finally pushing aside her folds to finger her clit directly. He added more pressure, as if pulling her back into his cock as he began to increase his pace. "I want you to cum for me, pet. Come for my big green cock plundering your ass! You're going to learn to love this dick one way or another!"

Beside them, another pair of orcs replaced the ones who had just cum for Mel and Sarah. There would be more still behind them, today. The mother and daughter had their work cut out for them. Cum was already dribbling out of their asses and mouths, leaving slick trails down their flesh. As another pair of orcs came the puddle of cum only grew wider.

To her shame, Rosalind began to feel a climax building inside her. The manual stimulation to her clit was too much for her body to resist. She began to pant heavily and mewl softly as she squeezed and released the dick inside her.

Agmar began to pick up the pace of his thrusts, keeping it in time with the motion of his fingers on Ros' clit. "That's it, slave. Take it, take my cock. Your sweet little ass has been nicely trained for me. I'll make a fuck slave out of you yet!"

He began to laugh as he felt Rosalind spasm beneath his fingers. When her ass squeezed firmly on his cock he finally let himself go and shot his thick, heavy goo deep into her bowels. He continued to thrust his hips for several more moments before looking over at Mel and Sarah.

The other orcs had begun pulling out while cumming, and so Mel and Sarah's faces were dripping with cum, while ropes of seed cooled in long stripes on their backs. He watched their bodies sway beneath the fucking as he gradually slowed his thrusts while the last of his cum drained from his balls.

Just as he was pulling out, a young, energetic orc named Triggitt burst into the barn. ""Your Highness, Your Highness! We've received word from the border: a large Thestan army approaches! They spotted 100,000 foot!"

A hundred thousand? Not likely, not in so short a time, he thought. "Likely not even half that; those fools need to learn how to count. Bring me Bogor!"

Within 15 minutes Bogor and their principal lieutenants were gathered in Agmar's hall surrounding a map of the region provided by the northern Hesten Lords. They had been fighting the Catabrians for generations and knew the land well.

"Call the banners and have them rally at Kingsfort. We all knew this day might come, and we're ready for them." Agmar pointed at the Motte-and-Bailey he established on a tall hill in the eastern region of his new lands. "We have a strong defensive position here; it commands the only valley a large army can march through from Thesta. We will be able to hold them there while we wait for reinforcements from Heste. I know Belkor will ride to our aid, and Grotok as well."

"Besides, they're only humans! We made short work of these barbarians, how much stronger could the Thestans be?" asked Triggitt, one of the junior officers.

Agmar scowled at the young orc. He wasn't old enough to have served in the Third Hesten War, so he didn't get to see firsthand the valor of the Thestan infantry or the prowess of their Princess-Knight. Well, Queen now, he thought. No matter, he and his mother and discussed this possibility and there was a plan in place. He just had to hold the Thestan Army in place until Belkor's reinforcements and Grotok invaded Thesta from the south.

"What shall we do with the captives?"

"Leave them with the young and the old. They need to keep us supplied. Besides, most are too pregnant now to travel!"

That was met with a chorus of laughter. The first generation of green skinned orcs were already well on their way towards repopulating the Tribes.

"And I promise you this, a hilltop fort and a score of thralls to the warrior who brings me Queen Amelie, alive!"

****

Agmar surveyed the valley below Kingsfort with satisfaction. It was well defended with stakes and obstacles to hinder an opposing army's advance. The Thestans would have a difficult time assaulting the hill, especially under a hail of arrows. His army was well provisioned with enough food to last them several months and enough arrows to blacken the sun. They were a little short on horses, but the hilly terrain prevented maneuver warfare anyway.

Agmar was a little less satisfied with the state of the Kingsfort. Though the walls were sturdy enough, they had been built without the assistance of an engineer. It should be able to stand for this campaign, but in the future it would need to be reinforced and enhanced.

"When do you think they'll attack?" Asked Bogor.

Agmar shifted his gaze to the hilltop directly across from them. It was shorter than theirs, giving them an excellent vantage point to see down into their camp. Lightly armed peasant levies were training just out of range, while workers hastily erected simple fortifications. "They don't seem to be in any hurry."

"We should launch a spoiler attack then, and burn their camp!" Triggitt interjected.

"The terrain isn't good for it." Bogor corrected the younger orc. "Plus, I haven't seen any sign of their Falcon Guard. We need to know where their horse are before committing our own troops to a raid."

That was the one thing that worried Agmar. Neither Queen Amelie nor her elite Falcon Guard had been spotted in the camp. The wily Queen doubtless had a trick up her sleeve, but he couldn't see it.

 "Double the number of scouts, and send them further out. Tell them to take captives from any settlements they find and 'inquire' whether there are any goat trails through these hills that aren't on the map. I do not want to wake up and found they severed our supply lines.
