 "It's not at all like that, Father," Romina complained into the stone's grill. She hated these new magical devices; they never worked like the wizards always promised.

"So there wasn't a troll trying to kill you," her father asked. His voice was distant and cold, as if he were shouting to her from a long distance away in their old castle residence. 

"Well, there was," she admitted, but skipped over the details of the encounter.

"You wouldn't believe the stories that are going around here," he said.

She sighed inwardly and rolled her eyes, it was a bad habit she had never broken herself of from her teenage years. "It's the court, Father. It lives to feed to stories and rumors and the more fantastic the better." She tried not to let any bit of quaver into her voice for that would surely give her away. If the stories at court were true...

"One says that you and Dev invited a squadron of trolls to your betrothal party and allowed them to participate at the...celebration...taking the favors of all your ladies. Is that true?" It wasn't so much a question as it was a demand.

This time she let her exasperated sigh go audibly through the stone call connection. "Of course not, Daddy." She used her childish term of affection for him to placate his fears. "I'm sure half the court wants to believe that because you know they don't want me to marry Dev." That was true enough. Dev's family was minor enough in political influence and wealth, so his marriage to her, a princess, though a minor and distant one to the royal bloodline, would begin their ascendancy back into the good graces of the court.

Once she ended the overly long and involved stone call, placing the heavy rock back in the protective velvet case created by the wizard's guild with the assurance that the stone would never break while stored inside, she climbed the steps back to the towertop room where she and Dev had made their temporary home. Almost all her maidens and his men at arms had left to go back to their regular duties away from the tower. Only Delma and her friend Lucy remained with her, while Dev had replaced Ord and Ven with two others of his retinue, Nes and Tof.

The choice of Lucy had been easy, for the girl had so ably and willingly assisted in the betrothal orgy, and she had requested that her best friend be able to stay behind as well. It was a good choice for the girls were barely young enough to serve as ladies to a princess, but were also eager and enthusiastic in the bedroom with whatever partner or game Romina chose.

The warriors were also willing, though at times Romina had trouble telling the two apart because they were so alike in appearance and manners—they also claimed to be cousins, a fact she did not doubt. Her next few months in the tower would pass in relative boredom. It was little more than a game of waiting, although tradition had it that the lady of the tower would make as many attempts as possible to ensure she was with child so the marriage would take place with the blessing of a first born child or a happily pregnant lady. Romina had taken every opportunity to copulate with Dev to ensure she was with child, she even winked and nodded at tradition by allowing Nes and Tof to enjoy the warmth of her sex channel, not worrying where they finished their desires. Even this slightly deceitful act was considered part of the ritual tradition; the bloodline was strengthened by bringing in outsiders so the royal blood wouldn't go stale, even if a man of noble blood was actually raising the child of another man.

Upon entering the towertop room, which she and Dev had taken over as their bedroom, she found Lucy face down on the bed with Nes (or perhaps it was Tof) behind her, slowly fucking the girl. Each time he thrust his hips forward his taut abdomen would slap against Lucy's rounded buttocks causing them to shake fetchingly. Each thrust Lucy greeted with an admiring moan. She admired the lovemaking between the two for a few moments before interrupting them.

"You aren't supposed to be doing that on my bed," she informed them in her false-haughty voice.

"I told them to," Dev said from behind her. She hadn't even noticed him when she came up the stairs, partly because he was half-hidden behind Delma's body that was bent over a stool. Lucy couldn't see for certain, but she knew his cock was planted firmly in the girl's cunt. Delma was very quiet during sex, giving almost no indication of her pleasure or pain, only her face gave her away. And right now Delma was on the edge of ecstasy; she was biting her lower lip and gripping the cushion of the stool with her clawed fingers. "I like to have something to watch while I fuck Delma."

"She's too quiet, I agree." Romina took a seat near the bed and continued to watch the two couples in their mating. Although built entirely of granite, the tower had been imbued with some magical warming system in the rocks that kept the inside of the tower at a comfortable temperature year round. Romina was happy to spend her days and nights in a constant state of undress, except for her possession anklet and a few other bits of jewelry. It was freeing and exciting to be ready to serve Dev instantly. 

It didn't take Nes long to finish. Once he filled Lucy's pussy he rolled off her exhausted. Romina watched as his seed slowly leaked out from between her legs; she kept her self control and didn't immediately dive between the comely lass's thighs. "Where's Tof?" she asked instead.

"Downstairs sleeping," Lucy mumbled into the mattress.

"She wore him out earlier," Nes laughed.

Romina arched an eyebrow at the randy young girl. "You're going to wear out my betrothed's men at arms and we'll be without protection."

Lucy just giggled into the mattress. "I hope so."

The conversation was momentarily suspended as Dev let out a strangled cry indicating he had reached his climax and Delma sighed in satisfaction as she was filled with the thick seed of Romina's husband to be. Oddly she wasn't jealous, she liked watching Dev take his pleasure in other women. It was beautiful to watch two people copulate like the gods had intended, and sometimes in ways the gods could never have imagined. Maybe her absence of jealous was because she was reassured by the fine metal chain that circled Delma's waist. The tiny charm that hung from the chain was assurance that she couldn't be impregnated, as guaranteed by the witches of Corven who sold the charms to jealous husbands, worried fathers and slutty young girls.

But that couldn't be it for Lucy didn't wear a similar belt, and based upon her rate of copulation, it was highly likely she was already with child, and yet Romina still liked to watch Dev with Lucy as well, even though he might be siring her baby. It was obvious the girl wanted to catch a bellyful, every opportunity she had she tried to get any of the men to deposit their seed in her cunt. It wasn't that she refused to pleasure them orally, she simply wanted them to finish in her.

Withdrawing from Delma, Dev staggered to the bed and collapsed next to Lucy. She lazily reached out and fondled his wet, semi-flaccid cock, perhaps encouraging him to rise again and mount her once more. "What happened in your stone call to your father?" Dev asked with his eyes closed. Apparently Lucy's attentions weren't having the desired effect on him for he remained soft.

"Rumors are flying though the court," Romina reported. "Apparently we had an orgy that only involved trolls and demons and who knows what else."

He opened an eye. "And what do they think..."

She waved her hand dismissively. "Who cares what the court thinks."

"You should," Delma pointed out. She had wiped away the remains of Dev's spunk from her sex and thighs and was apparently ready to join the conversation now. Lucy had drifted off to sleep and was lightly snoring in the bed covers. "You'll be part of the court soon enough."

"Too soon for my taste," Romina complained.

"Then celebrate now," Delma told her. 

"That's what I'm doing," she replied with a wicked grin. "I have something new that arrived last night by delivery owl. I'll need your help to use it though."

She took Delma by the hand and led her to the small sanctuary off the main bedroom. From a storage cabinet she removed a small wooden case and opened it exposing a heavily padded interior that contained a massive glass phallus.

Delma's eyed the object skeptically. "I've seen dildos before," she said. "But that's huge. You won't be able to use that."

Romina grinned wickedly at her lady in waiting. "Oh, I'll be able to use it all right. And you'll be the one to help me." From the bottom of the wooden case she grabbed a jar of salve and led Delma back to the main bedroom. Lucy was still sleep on the bed but Nes was gone. Dev was idly running his foot up and down the back of Lucy's leg to watch her twitch in annoyance so he could admire he jiggling buttocks. His interest in the sleeping girl disappeared when his wife-to-be crawled onto the massive bed opposite Lucy while holding the massive glass toy in her hands.

"What are you doing?" he asked with more than just a passing whiff of arousal.

"I've got a new toy to play with," she told him, displaying the dildo to him. He grunted in appreciation. 

"You'll never get that inside of you," he said, seconding Delma's opinion.

"I will," she declared. "I'll just need a little help from my maid." They watched as Romina manipulated the base of the long shaft to reveal that it opened much like a corked bottle.

"It's hollow?" Delma asked. "Why?"

"For good reason," Romina said, handing the large toy to the maid. "Kneel on the floor," she ordered. When Delma complied the princess gave her next order. "Now pee into it."

"What?" Delma asked, more than a little surprised at the command.

"The glass needs to be heated," Dev explained, instantly understanding the motive behind the request. "Your urine will warm it and maintain the heat."

"There's no way I'm going to be able to fill that," she told Romina.

"Don't worry about that," Romina replied. With a dismissive shrug Delma positioned the opening to the glass shaft between her legs and relaxed her bladder muscles. She aimed carefully so the stream of yellow liquid didn't spill onto the floor. It was a fairly easy task considering the size of the phallus's opening. Dev watched, faintly aroused, as the maid micturated in front of him. This was normally an activity relegated to the outhouse or the relative privacy of a closet when using a chamber pot. He found the sight intriguing, especially as Delma—contrary to what she claimed—was able to fill the massive shaft over three quarters to the top. After letting the last few drops dribble in, she carefully placed the cap over the dark yellow liquid and handed it back to Romina. Dev didn't watch this, but instead kept his eyes focused on Delma. She wiped away the tiny bit of pee remaining on her nether lips with her fingers, then stuck her fingers in her mouth to suck away the salty treat.

He was expecting Romina to complete the filling of the dildo herself, but instead she knee walked over to him and held the toy out to him. "Finish filling it," she ordered him.

"In front of the two of you?" he asked.

"You enjoyed watching Delma pee for me, now we'll get to watch you." 

Dev hadn't realized the extent of Romina's kinks. If that's what she liked, then who was he to question her. He had put on a robe to keep warm, but now pulled it back exposing his semi-flaccid cock. Holding the dildo in one hand and his manhood in the other, he finished filling the clear glass cylinder and marveled that the combined heat of his and Delma's piss was already warming the heavy glass.

Being careful not to spill a drop, he sealed the end of the tube and handed it back to Romina. 

"I'd rather see cum shooting out of it than pee," was Delma's only comment as Romina settled back on the bed, opened the jar that accompanied the dildo, scooped out a liberal amount of the salve and smeared it across her pussy lips. "And this I'd rather see than anything else in the world right now."

The craftsmanship on the phallus was incredible. It looked to Dev's eyes exactly like a man's super rigid cock except it was dark yellow with piss, three times as wide as normal and twice as long. Romina needed both her hands to handle the massive beast, which she did with great skill, working it over the outer surface of her lips and pudenda, slicking the head's surface with the salve.

"You'll never get it in," Delma said, her eyes shining with lust and anticipation.

"I bet she will," Dev contradicted her. "A slut like her can take anything into her cunt."

Romina grinned wantonly at her husband-to-be and started easing the giant cock into her pussy. The rounded head easily slipped past her pink lips and into her sex hole. That was the easy part. She paused for a moment, letting the warmth of the gigantic cock spread through her pelvis, and then rotated the long shaft in her pussy, smearing the salve up inside her. Her juices were already running down the smooth shaft, preparing it to go deeper.

"Do it," Dev encouraged her. He leaned forward in his chair, semi-hard cock poking up between his legs, watching her performance.

"She won't be able to take any more of it," Delma said. "It's impossible."

Romina grinned, settled back into the bed, raised up her legs, closed her eyes, and pulled more of the slippery shaft into her body. It was an amazing feat to watch. But even Romina could only bring half the dildo's length into her pussy. When she finally met the end of the depth, a deep, groaning sigh escaped her lips.

"Does is hurt?" Delma asked in a whisper.

Romina took several deep breaths, her chest rising and falling very carefully as she let herself become accustomed to the fullness of the shaft. "No. Yes, it hurts, but it feels so good at the same time. Help me," she asked, motioning her head to indicate Delma to come closer.

"Help you how?" Delma asked, cautiously moving forward.

"You need to run the dildo in and out of me. I need the sensation to cum."

Like any good lady in waiting, she didn't refuse her princess's request. Kneeling between Romina's legs she took the pillar-like phallus in her hands and starting working it slowly back and forth. She was nervous about possibly hurting her mistress and so took too much caution. 

"Faster, harder!" Romina barked out. Delma wasn't performing as she wanted and that was completely unacceptable to a woman in her position. A woman with a giant dildo up her pussy should get anything she wanted.

Worried, Delma looked over at Dev, who simply nodded in agreement with Romina's orders. He, too, wanted to see how Romina would perform under such stressful conditions. In the back of his mind he remembered that Romina had desired this exquisite torture and pondered what type of woman he was planning on marrying.

Delma redoubled her efforts, increasing the speed and force she was using to shove the toy into Romina. Once she did the princess screamed out in pleasure and pain.

"Ahh! Gods above!" Delma paused for a fraction of a second. "Don't stop!" Romina ordered with fire in her eyes fierce as a summer storm.

It was difficult keeping a firm grip on the dildo for not only was the surface smooth and almost textureless, but it was slick from the salve and Romina's juices. It was good that the monster dildo was more than enough to satisfy the princess, it didn't take long for her to cum once Delma had taken over control of the toy. Suddenly her body froze and she stopped breathing, her feet came down and planted into the mattress, driving her hips into the air as her back arched. Her scream of pleasure alarmed Delma enough to freeze in her motions, then to try and jerk the phallus out of Romina as quickly as possible.

"NO!" the princess cried out. "Leave it in." Tears were streaming down her face. Delma wasn't sure if it was because of the pain, or her of the power of her orgasm, or both, or something else entirely. For the first time since being chosen to spend the princess's brooding time in the tower, fear gripped her heart. "It feels so good inside. It feels right."

Delma looked to Dev for instructions, instead of just nodded his agreement or not, he got up from his chair and joined Delma between Romina's legs. "Let me," he told her softly. 

Romina was still breathing heavily, as if she had just run a marathon or fought her way through a legion of goblins. Her face and chest were flushed and her skin was covered with a sheen of sweat. Dev could sense she was still fully aroused but was rapidly coming down from her high. To leave the phallus inside of her would stretch her out more than was safe, instead he started to easy the massive tool out of her sex. As each inch slipped out, Romina seemed to climb back toward another climax until the head was clear of her lips and a gush of liquid issued forth from her pussy. Her legs trembled with a spasm that gave evidence of the power of the false cock that had been inside her.

Dev rolled the massive cock away from Romina and lay down next to his lover. She seemed almost in another world, as if the sensations she had just experienced had transported her to a plane of pleasure no human should have experienced. Unconsciously she curled up next to the hard muscled body of Dev and slipped off to sleep.

Delma watched them, a bit of a jealous twinge in her heart for as much fun as it was having sex with the other five residents of the tower—especially Lucy and Nes—she still missed the intimacy of fucking with her own husband-to-be back in the city. It was to him she had promised to wear the pregnancy belt. He had even bought the golden chain that circled her waist and set off her dusty olive skin perfectly. Although he had given her the chain as a gift to ensure the inviability of her womb, it had the unintended secondary effect of giving Delma permission to fuck anyone she wanted. 

But now she wasn't going to be fucking a man or a woman. After seeing the power of the giant glass phallus inside of Romina, she wanted to experience that same powerful orgasm herself. She took a place on the bed and spread her legs open, scooped up some of the salve just like Romina had. It was slippery and sticky at the same time, and warmed her nether regions quicker than a man's cunning tongue. Hefting the still hot toy up in both hands she introduced the head to her cunt, but only managed to slip in the first few inches before she hesitated. It was the hesitation that proved her undoing.

Her motions alerted Dev to what she was attempting and he left his sleeping betrothed and gently, but firmly pulled the glass shaft away from open sex. "Don't," he warned her. "It's dangerous."

Delma was shaking, from fear or anticipation she couldn't say, but only nodded and allowed him to take it away from her.

"Why would a toy be dangerous?" Lucy had woken up from her nap and had been watching the end of the masque with detached interest.

"If you put something that big up your cunt, you'd probably be split in two, that's why it's dangerous," Dev told her.

"It's not supposed to go up a woman's cunt," Lucy said dismissively.

"Then where should it go?" Delma asked nastily. "In her ass?"

"No, neither," Lucy answered with a roll of her eyes. "It's a joke toy. You don't actually use it." Both Dev and Delma looked at Lucy as if she were explaining the finer points of transpositional non-geometric magic. She sighed again with frustration and started over. "My family makes all sorts of sex toys. Everything." She paused and smiled to herself, as if remembering something that couldn't be revealed to anyone else, but would remain a wonderful memory to her. "This," she indicated the massive piss-filled dildo, "is a coque di urgey. Everything sounds sexier in the old language. It's supposed to be an ogre's cock. It's supposed to be given as a joke, usually as wedding gift. It's supposed to be an example of how inadequate her husband's cock actually is, compared to other men. You aren't supposed to actually use it."
