 Author's Note: Merry Christmas everyone! For new readers, the best order is Orc Dominion: Zentara, Orc Dominion: Rebellion, and then Elfin Descent. However you should be able to enjoy this story without reading the others.

I'm submitting Chapter 1 earlier than I intended for a few reasons. First, the tone in this series is a little different and I'd like to get some feedback on it. Second, I'm hoping that I'll work better under a deadline, since I haven't gotten as much finished as I'd wanted. I have spent a lot more time on the outline though, so hopefully I won't be tempted to want to go back and change anything after getting deep into the story.

Lyriena's story is going to be a little slower than Jeanette's, so please bear with me. I want to try writing more of a gradual corruption instead of being thrown into a gangbang in the first chapter. Don't worry though, Trogar will be up to all kinds of kinky shenanigans in the meantime! Finally, if you have a moment please check out my bio page to see a neat map of the Western Kingdoms. As always, please rate and leave feedback. Enjoy!

****

Prologue

Prince Trogar, third son of Queen Jeanette of Zentara, read his book quietly in his quarters in Greenthorn Castle. It was a large tome on the histories of the six nations in the Western Kingdoms. It was a dull, weighty tome, but filled with interesting facts and stories from all the peoples of region. He certainly had plenty of space; a royal prince was accorded generous apartments in the castle, even if not lands, titles, or responsibilities. Furnishings were scarce, however, and his walls were mostly blank except for torch brackets and windows. Trogar preferred his rooms to be austere, as they lent a better atmosphere to the games played to pass the time.

A loud knock on his door signaled that his current favorite playmate was finally here. Trogar eagerly opened it, his cock already stirring when he saw the gorgeous lady standing before him. The black-haired beauty stood tall for a human woman, with finely shaped cheekbones and verdant green eyes. She was dressed in a lush sleeveless purple dress that hugged her breasts and waist tightly before flaring out over her hips and thighs.

"Your Highness, it brings me great pleasure to see you again." The woman smiled and gave him a low curtsey. By leaning forward just ever so slightly she allowed the front of her dress to spill forward, giving Trogar a mesmerizing view of her luscious breasts, before snatching it away by rising once again.

Before she fully rose he reached down to stroke over the top of her head, running his fingers through her tightly braided locks. At twenty years old, he had long since undergone the change that transformed him from looking like a half-human to looking like a full blooded orc. His broad shoulders and thick limbs towered over the human woman, tall though she was. Still, large as Trogar was compared to most humans, he was considered small for an orc. Though he knew it didn't signify, the fact that his older brothers were being awarded kingdoms while he wasn't felt like a confirmation that he wasn't as good as them.

"Indeed, Lady Sylvia, and may I say you look simply fetching this evening?" Trogar grinned, and a pleasurable thrill shot through him as he watched Sylvia's smile tighten. She was and wasn't a lady; Sylvia was the niece of the old Duke of Swetford, but after his fall from grace and the abolition of the Duchy she had been stripped of her title and forced to find work Ruar's seedy underbelly. It was not hard, there was plenty of that sort of work around, and with her looks and grace she had quickly risen to being one of the highest and most sought after courtesans in the city.

"Thank you, Your Highness." She replied warily. "I've been hoping you would ask for me again; there's so much more that I can do for you than what we did last time."

"Ah My Lady, but last time was such fun I don't think I could bear not repeating it." Trogar gave her a predatory grin as she blanched. "Now, I think my little pet is a little overdressed, don't you?"

Sylvia forced a smile as she reached behind her to untie the laces of her dress, letting the garment billow down to her ankles. She was naked underneath, and Trogar's cock grew a little further as he took in the sight of her lovely body. The courtesan stepped out of her heeled shoes, and slowly sunk to her knees before the Prince.

"Come." He said simply, and began to walk across the room as Sylvia dutifully followed after him on her hands and knees. Trogar opened a large wooden armoire and pulled out a small sandalwood casket. Inside was a course leather dog collar, which he eagerly fastened around Sylvia's neck.

This woman could have been a Duchess, he thought, and now she's my puppy. A look of satisfaction crossed his face as he watched how tightly Sylvia controlled her emotions. She was used to being wined and dined by her suitors, not treated as an animal. But a Prince couldn't be refused...

Sylvia whimpered as she felt the leather wrap around her throat, but the noise only seemed to excite Trogar further. He reached down to stroke through the woman's dark hair, petting her softly before pulling her closer and pressing her face against his thigh. His swollen shaft rubbed against her cheek as he breathed deeper. The presence of the thick cock excited Sylvia despite her humiliation. She had long since learned of the pleasures that a vigorous orc lover could bring, and she hoped this time he wouldn't deny her.

When the Prince pulled out a large toy she grew excited, until she noticed the long hair attachment to the back of it. Trogar pressed the plug portion of the toy between Sylvia's legs, rolling it over her moist folds to lube it up, before spreading her ass cheeks and pushing inside. He then smacked her ass, and stood up to admire the way the dog tail stuck out of Sylvia's ass.

"There, you look like quite the little puppy slut now, Sylvia. But that isn't really a good name for you anymore, is it? What would be a good doggy name for you...I know, how about 'Duchess'? Now, Stay." Trogar grinned wickedly as he left her kneeling by the armoire and moved back to his bed. 

"Mmmph..." she whimpered pitifully as she felt the end of the tail brushing over her thighs as she shivered. Last time he had spanked and lightly whipped her, while denying her release, or even the feel of his thick cock inside her. Now he was degrading her even further, even calling her Duchess! But even as she trembled in rage and humiliation, Sylvia couldn't help but glance at his backside as the orc bent over to reach beneath the frame. The sight of his toned ass made her hotter, and she couldn't help but imagine gripping it tightly as he slid his shaft inside her.

Across the room, Trogar pulled something out from under the bed, and clutched it tightly in his fist. He turned around, and then drew back to toss it towards her. A small lump of cloth landed before her, and she knew he expected her to investigate. Sylvia crawled forward and lowered her face to it, but she could already tell that it was an old air of women's underwear, and worse, she could tell that it wasn't one of hers. Despite being a courtesan, Sylvia preferred more traditional, full-bodied bloomers to highlight her aristocratic background. These were a small, hip-hugging thong made of black silk and bedecked with lace ribbons.

The strong scent of sex and another woman's pussy wafted up from the garment, tickling her nose. She was no stranger to being asked to pleasure another woman, but it wasn't something she particularly enjoyed. Nor did she fancy having to play with a soiled undergarment, but she didn't think Trogar was going to give her much choice in the matter. Still, as long as the Prince paid...

Sylvia nudged the silky fabric with her nose, and immediately her stomach did a turn as she felt something cold and wet seep against her skin. A thick load of gooey orc cum had been deposited on the gusset, and was obviously fresh enough not to have dried. With her stomach still up in her throat, she looked at Trogar and gave him a piteous whine.

"Fetch."

Trogar grinned wickedly as he watched Sylvia grimace and lower her face to the panties. His broad hand started to idly rub the bulge in his pants as Sylvia's lips parted and stretched around the gusset of the panties. A low, guttural groan escaped her mouth right before it closed around the cum stained undergarment. Even from across the room Trogar could see the spent seed press against her painted lips, making them glisten in the torchlight.

The orc inhaled deeply as he watched the seductive way Sylvia crawled across the room on all fours to him. Despite the look of disdain on her face, half-hidden by the panties hanging from her teeth, her hips swayed from side to side as she carefully crawled over the floor to heel before him.

"Good girl." Trogar stroked through her dark hair, and then cupped Sylvia's soft cheek. He used his thumb to press the cum streaked gusset of the panties over her lips, even feeding a sliver of the fabric into her mouth. After letting her 'savor' the taste for a moment, he pulled it out and flung it across the room again.

This time Trogar got to admire a vision of the crawling prostitute from behind. Her round ass wiggled back and forth, and as one knee moved ahead of the other he could spot the cleft of her slit, shimmying back and forth to flash the pink petals of her pussy. Trogar's bulbous cock throbbed in response, and though he yearned to plunge himself deep inside the whore, he held back, prolonging the foreplay that would make his eventual insertion that much more pleasurable.

When Sylvia returned with the panties, he fed a little more of the gusset into her mouth, before removing and throwing them again. Each time she returned, he pushed the panties deeper and deeper into her mouth before making her fetch the silky undergarment. Finally, after making her retrieve them a half-dozen times he forced the entire thing in her mouth, making her cheeks bulge with the dirty underwear.

"Good puppy. I think my pretty little puppy deserves a reward for behaving so well; and what do pretty little puppies love?" Trogar leered down at Sylvia's crouching form. "Going for walks!" With that the orc Prince pulled a long leather leash from his cabinet and latched it onto her thick leather collar. "By the way, do you like your little chew toy? It's quite the royal gift I've given you. It's not every little puppy who gets to play with the Queen's panties."

Before Sylvia could absorb the implications of feasting on the Queen's cum-filled panties, Trogar led her by the leash outside of his room and into the castle hallway. Her back ached as she was forced to crawl on her hands and knees on the rough stone floor, struggling to keep her large tits from dragging along the ground while the hair attached to the plug in her ass tickled her thighs.

Her face burned as she passed servants and guards while being led naked on a leash by a Prince of the royal blood. Although the staff didn't look at her, apparently well trained, or at least, well accustomed to such situations, she couldn't help but feel ashamed at having her body exposed to those commoners. Although she was now a courtesan, she was once a noblewoman, and from one of the Eight Duchies to boot. Her current clientele were all similarly noble, and it was outrageous that Prince Trogar would expose her to the castle staff like this. Even still, she swore she could feel furtive glances as she crawled by, causing the heat to spread from her cheeks through the rest of her body.

"Does the Duchess like being walked? I bet you do. I bet a naughty little puppy slut like you gets off on being paraded about, naked, and in heat, eager to be bred like the little bitch you are! I can see your tight cunt getting juicier by the second!"

Trogar's erection got even harder as he led the proud woman through the halls of the castle, making their way lower and lower until they arrived at the kitchen. By then the tip of his cock was so sensitive from being rubbed against his pants that he worried it would explode the moment she touched it. He fought back a tremor of desire, and steadied himself to help bury the lust and keep himself controlled.

"I bet you're enjoying the taste of my mother's lover's cum. Do you wonder who's it could be? Some orc in the castle, probably. I'm sure you can taste the difference between a human's cum and an orc's. Or maybe you can't, shall we do a little test?" In the back of the kitchen, a bowl of stew had been laid out waiting for them. The beefy broth had already cooled, but floating atop were globs of still warm seed.

"Your High-" Sylvia's protest was cut off by another sharp slap across the face. She whined softly, but Trogar relentlessly grabbed hold of her hair and brought her face down to the bowl. The strong scent of the cum made her nostrils flare, and sent a thunderous quiver through her body. Trogar applied more pressure, and soon she was slurping up the mix of broth and cum from the bowl. Another shudder ran down her spin as she felt it side down the back of her throat. The salty, tangy taste of the cum lingered on her tongue. Human cum, she thought. Sylvia didn't know whether to be happy or appalled at that. Probably the cook's, a lowly servant's seed. Still, she had to admit that she liked the smell, and it was making her hungry for more than just stew.

"This probably isn't the fare you're used to, is it Duchess? Well, I suppose the cum is, but not the dinner I'm treating you to tonight. I bet your usual clients treat you to the best, most exotic foods they can find. But that's not what you deserve, is it? Not you, my little puppy slut." Trogar moved behind Sylvia and took out his impressive, thick, grey cock. "You may put on airs, my little Duchess, but we both know that you're just a whore in a fine gown. A whore just like all the other human whores in this city aching for big orc dick."

Sylvia trembled as she felt the tip of Trogar's shaft slide up and down along her slit. The tapered head was so thick, and felt so foreign and strange and exotic that she couldn't help but moan, and yearn to feel it inside her. He may not have the largest of cocks compared to other orcs, but it was certainly fatter and longer than any human, and would stretch and fill her just enough that it wouldn't hurt.

"Are you ready, Duchess? Are you ready to be bred like the little bitch you are?" Trogar grinned wider when Sylvia mewled and raised her hips higher while spreading thighs apart to present her needy slit to him. The Prince happily obliged, and moved both hands to Sylvia's waist to hold her steady as he thrust forward, jamming his cock deep inside her.

"Aaaaah!" Sylvia threw her head back and moaned as she felt the ribbed cock pushing through her folds. The hot walls of her slit were immediately inflated to its limit from the girth of Trogar's cock, and she eagerly pushed back against it. She rubbed her ass back and forth against him, stirring the cock against her insides as she finally got relief after all the teasing and humiliation.

"Oh that's it Duchess, you're ready alright. You needed this real bad, didn't you? Needed a thick orc cock to take you and fill you and use you." Trogar began to pump his hips in and out, smacking her backside sharply with each thrust. "All those human nobles who take you out and treat you like a lady don't know what you really need, do they? You just want to be taken, used like a piece of meat, fucked hard, relentlessly, implacably. Take it, my little bitch!"

Sylvia quivered beneath him, bouncing up and down on the ground as she met his thrusts again and again. She could feel his hot shaft throbbing against her, and her own velvety walls wrapped tight around the girth, hugging every ridge and bump of his twisted cock. The humiliation which started the fire inside her was quickly forgotten as Trogar's cock threw pitch on the flames, driving all else from her mind except for a need to climax.

The feeling of the plug rubbing against his cock through the membrane of Sylvia's body cause a nasty grin to spread across his face. He gripped the tail in his strong hand and began to work it, grinding it into the woman and helping to stroke his cock as he thrust in and out of her, moving faster now that he could apply a little extra pressure to the slanted tip of his dick with the toy. Moving it like that made her even tighter for him, and the vice like grip around his shaft was quickly bringing him to the edge of climax again.

Sylvia howled in delight as Trogar moved the toy, reveling in the way that both her holes were being thrust into at the same time. She had clients use her backside in the past of course, but she had never had both holes filled at once. The sensation was incredible and made up for all the previous abuse she had suffered at his hands. All she wanted was more, more of everything as she got closer and closer to her own release.

"It's time, slut. Time to be bred like a good little bitch. I'm going to fill your cunt up to the womb with my cum. Heh, I'll tell you what, if I knock you up, I'll keep you and take you on full time as my puppy slut! I'll breed you again and again until you've given me a whole litter of bastards!" Trogar grabbed the back of Sylvia's head again and splashed her face in the bowl of stew, submerging her in the mix of broth and cum as he slammed his cock all the way to her cervix. The frantic stimulation on the tapered head finally pushed him over the edge, and he exploded into climax, spraying his hot cum all over her inner walls.

The conflicting sensations tore through her, and her mind became even more jumbled from the panic of being drowned and the pleasure of being taken in both holes. She erupted into climax as well, her whole body gyrating and shaking violently as her pussy milked out all the cum it could from Trogar's fat cock. His words echoed in her mind, and she couldn't help but visualize herself as his kept puppy. Flashes of images swept through her mind: her naked in a kennel, being walked outside, her belly round and swollen with his children. She continued to cum for him, again and again as he thrust through his climax, until finally beginning to slow and stop.

Mortification stuck her again as she heard a gentle coughing from the entrance to the kitchen. 

"Your Highness, it is time to get ready. Your brother's coronation is about to start."

Trogar looked back at his valet and sighed. "Very well, I suppose I must. Will you take care of Lady Sylvia? See that she is well compensated for her time, and arrange for me to see her again. Soon."

****

Jeanette lifted the obsidian crown and set it atop the grey, bald head of the orc kneeling at her feet. The dark, rough stone sat high on the orc's head. Its spires were hewed to the shape of swords and crumbled towers, and contrasted sharply with Jeanette's own golden crown. "Grotok, firstborn son of King Turogg and Queen Jeanette of Zentara, today you are invested with sovereign power, to rule jointly with..."

Price Trogar leaned over to the burly orc maid sitting to his right. "Grotok has been waiting for this for years. His victories in the field against Heste have given him an awful sense of his own importance." When Grotok rose from the ground he towered over his mother, and Trogar couldn't help but resent how he inherited all of their father's great size.

"It is high time mother has a man sitting on the throne. It's been four years since father passed. She cannot run the realm by herself."

Trogar rolled his eyes. Their mother broke from orc convention by educating his sisters, but the effort was lost on Griselda who was thick enough to think this was a bad thing. "She's only done it now since Belkor has been crowned King of Heste. It wouldn't do to have the second son outrank the first. But where does that leave me?" As the third son, lands and titles were scarce. Now that he had turned eighteen, if he didn't find something to occupy himself with soon, his newly crowned brother would find some excuse to send him off to the Angrian Marches or somewhere else equally horrid.
