 Author's Note: I decided to upload the second chapter to keep things flowing, even though progress has been slow on Chapter 5. I have been very busy, but hopefully that will clear up after this coming Tuesday and I will be able to resume writing. As it is, you can probably expect Chapter 3 in about four weeks.

****

Humans gave him a wide berth as he made his way through the well kept streets of Ruar's merchant district. Trogar was dressed to impress tonight, wearing a black silk shirt that hugged his well defined chest and a pair of soft buckskin leather breeches. His fine boots had been polished to a mirror sheen, and he was bedecked in jewelry and carried a heavy purse. Normally one might be afraid of flaunting such wealth in the streets, but Trogar was well known in this district. No one would dare to rob the Queen's son. 

His destination tonight was a popular one, but surprisingly not one in which he ever indulged. Lorelai's was said to be the finest Elfish brothel in Ruar. They had been popping up all over the city as conditions worsened in the Elfish Isles, and in a decadent city like Ruar the idea of the dainty, hauntingly beautiful elfs being reduced to prostitution stoked the imaginations of his lecherous subjects and caused gold to rain upon the houses of ill repute like a waterfall.

Somehow the owner had managed to buy enough elfish crystal to construct the front façade of the building. It was probably done after the embargo too, which rankled Trogar. But there was nothing to be done or it now; and if everything went well smuggling would be the least of his problems.

Lorelai herself rushed to meet him in the foyer of the house. "Your Highness! What an honor it is to have you here! Please, command me My Prince and tell me how I may be of service!"

It was hard to tell how old the elfish woman was; they were said to live thousands of years but retain their youth and beauty, though his books told him this was nonsense. Still, from her manner he judged her to be at least middle aged. Despite the name, he doubted if she were the true owner of this place, and whoever really owned it wouldn't entrust it to a younger woman, would they?

"I need two of your girls, well trained but not too jaded, if you know what I mean."

"Of course, Your Highness, I'm sure I can find however many girls you desire." Lorelai smiled obsequiously. If she were bothered by the idea of an orc fucking one of her countrymen, she didn't show it.

"I don't think you understand, Madam. I wish to retain their services indefinitely. They will need to move into the castle, and be able to pass as maids." Trogar snickered. "That is, as servants and not maidens."

"Indefinitely?" Lorelai pursed her lips thoughtfully. "Well, shall we say six months, Your Highness? For the sum of one hundred and seventy-five gold marks. Each."

Trogar's snicker became an outright roar of laughter at that. "Three hundred and fifty for six months? They had better be your best damn whores for that price."

"My girls are in high demand, you know, and I assure you that you won't be disappointed. I have just the girls in mind; good girls from Yemora, and twins. Men are always happy to pay more for twins, you know."

The thought of twins made him take the offer more seriously. "Twins, eh? That might be just the thing. Let me see them then, and I will let you know if they will suit." Twins! That would be perfect. Trogar kept his excitement from showing though; it wouldn't do to have the bawd realize how eager he was for these girls. If they really could pass for servants then it would be just what he needed to help bring the Princess in line.

"Your Highness, this is Soleil and Florette. Girls, this is Prince Trogar, be sure to do everything he asks."

"That's enough, Madame, you may go." When the Madame left, he turned to look at the two sisters. The two elfs were pretty in that ethereal elf way. They both had long, pale blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. They were well figured for their kind, with large breasts and flaring hips that made them look almost human, were it not for their pointy ears and short stature. They only came up to his sternum, and he was short for an orc.

The two girls were identical physically, but Trogar could spot differences in the way they carried themselves. Florette was looking at him hungrily, as if she was waiting for him to pounce like the slavering beast many people saw orcs as. Soleil was different, her look was cold and calculating, for all she tried to hide it behind a welcoming smile.

"How may we serve you tonight, Your Highess?" Florette asked. "We're both eager to do anything you want, anything!" The elf grinned eagerly as she wrapped her arm around her sister and stroked Soleil's thigh.

"Not that, cooze, not yet, anyway. I have some particular needs in mind."

"Particular needs? That's hardly a new request, Your Highness." Soleil's voice drew across his skin like cool silk, and if he hadn't already had a specific prey in mind it might have been the beginning of a new relationship for him.

"I need something more than that from you both. I want to hire you to work for me, in the castle for the next six months. But I need to know you can do the job."

Florette's mouth turned to a pout, but Soleil continued to view him with calculation, though she started to appear more interested. "What sort of job is it, then?"

"I need you to play the part of servants. In public, at least. Can you do that?"

"Oh sure we can, Your Highness. Sol and I were good and proper servants back in Yemora. We kept house for a fine merchant. Well-heeled, he was. If it weren't for him going out of business we'd still be there now. We didn't get let go on account of sloppiness or anything."

Trogar smiled as he looked between them. "I'm glad to hear it. Can you play the part of a lady's maid, as well?"

Soleil nodded primly. "We can, we often did so for his wife. She rather liked the image of us trailing behind her where she went. But forgive my forwardness, Your Highness, but I didn't think that you were married. Who is our lady to be?"

"Why, who else but your Princess, Lyriena Eomowien?" Trogar snickered at the look of shock on their faces.

"The Princess is coming here?" Florette asked in wonder.

Soleil was a little sharper with her response. "Why would you want the likes of us waiting on her?"

"I'm not going to lie to you, my intentions for the Princess aren't entirely honorable. I need something from her, and I need you two to help me get it. That isn't going to be a problem for you, is it?"

Soleil exchanged a look with her sister, before turning back to Trogar. "No, Your Highness. After we were turned out from our place with the merchant, we looked for another job in the city, but couldn't find one. Finally we applied at the castle, but they turned us away. And the tariff on leaving the Isles were so high that when we came to Ruar we had nothing, and none of the jobs here for elfs are honest. The King and his daughter don't care for the people. If we had to learn this trade on account of her, it's only fair she learn what we did right?"

"The steward was quite cruel. Said honest maids would be able to find work, and if we couldn't it's because we we're immoral, and the princess didn't tolerate our sort. But we were honest women in Deznessuian, it was the Princess who made us indecent." Soleil added. "If you mean to teach her a lesson, she has it coming."

"She should reap what she sows." Trogar agreed. "But first, you need to show me what you've learned so I can judge whether you're adequate teachers."

Florette and her sister shared a sly grin, and then slowly approached the orc. They were both clad in simple linen shifts, so thin that they became transparent in the light of the fire. The soft fabric brushed over their curves as the sultrily stepped up to the orc. Soleil untucked Trogar's shirt and lifted it up along his body. Her breasts pushed against the orc's stomach as she stepped up on her toes, but finally Trogar had to lift the shirt the rest of the way over his head as she was too short.

Deft fingers undid his belt and worked Trogar's pants down to his ankles. Florette quickly removed his boots while Soleil flicked her tongue over the orc's stomach and brushed her soft skin against his. Trogar's cock stiffened, swelling out to its full length as he ran his hand over Soleil's backside. He could feel the heat of Florette's skin and the softness of her hair teasing the periphery of his shaft, and he ached to have the twin girls finally show it their attention.

A shiver coursed through him as he felt Florette's tongue flicker across his inner thigh. The elf's soft fingers danced along the taut muscles of his leg as Soleil traced her fingers along his abdomen. His gut tightened in anticipation as Florette stroked up his leg toward his cock, while Soleil stroked downward. The sister's hands met and intertwined, and a frustrated growl rumbled out as they turned away from him towards each other.

"Teasing wenches!"

"This is what you're paying us for, is it not?" Florette grinned wickedly while Soleil laughed softly. The sisters leaned in and pressed their lips together. Their breasts mashed together, forming a bridge above his cock while they explored each other's all too familiar body.

"Yeah, don't you want to see how well we can manipulate a woman's body to be sure we can manipulate the princess?" Soleil flashed her teeth as she pushed her hand between Florette's legs, making her sister squeal. The elf's dexterous fingers slid around Florette's slick pussy, teasing her labia and circling her little pleasure button.

"What I want is for you to teach her how to manipulate me!" Trogar growled out, and then scowled as the girls snickered at his turn of phrase. He gripped his ridged cock and began to stroke in an attempt to ease his lust, but only fanned the flames even further.

The two sisters continued to kiss, noisily smacking their lips together as their small, soft hands ran up and down each other's curves. Trogar stifled another groan as he saw the small bumps of their nipples poking through the fabrics of their slips sliding back and forth over each other's bodies. Florette moaned into the kiss as her sister continued to finger her. Soleil got more aggressive, sliding two fingers inside the other elf and rolling them in ever widening circles.

Florette began to buck her hips, eagerly pushing into her twin's fingers as she shamelessly groped and squeezed her sister's ass. Soleil finally broke the kiss, and then tugged on Florette's lip with her teeth, before nipping and biting the elf's neck.

Trogar began pounding his cock harder as he watched the sister's make out. The wet sound of Soleil's fingers pushing in and out grew louder in time with Florette's moans, but before the elf could reach a climax they were abruptly removed, with Soleil turning Florette and pushing her down to a squat in front of Trogar.

The elf kissed the tapered end of Trogar's dick, and guided his hand away so she could run her tongue up and down the banded shaft. Florette cupped her hands around the prince's balls and lifted them and his shaft, pushing it against her face as she kissed, nuzzled, and licked up and around it. Soon her face was glistening with her own spit as it rubbed off on her from the orc's cock.

Soleil ran her fingers over Trogar's chest, and then curled her fingers into his shirt, tugging him into leaning over. The orc thought that she meant to kiss him, but she kept pulling him lower and lower, until she fell back on the small, dingy bed in the brothel room. She guided his face between her legs and as the short chemise rode up her thighs he saw her small, bare, tight elfin slit. 

Big grey hands wrapped around her slender thighs and pulled them apart, revealing her sex even further to the orc. Trogar dove in, greedily slurping at Soleil's pussy with his broad tongue. The elf girl was already wet for him, and tasted as sweet as honey. He rolled his face between her legs, nuzzling her thighs with his tusks as his lips and mouth closed around the entrance to her slit. It felt tight even around his tongue, and promised an even tighter grip around his cock.

Florette shifted with the prince as he repositioned himself. With practiced movements she sat on the floor beneath him, leaning back against the bed with her head between her twin sister's knees. Now that they were in position, she wrapped her lips around the tip of his shaft and began to suck. Already with her spittle, she quickly began bobbing up and down, taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth until the tapered end began to prove the back of her throat.

Small hands stroked through Trogar's dark hair as Soleil pulled him closer against her cunt. The prince's tongue was as thick as her sister's fingers, and the aggressive way which he went after her snatch made up for its relative lack of flexibility. A rush of pleasure and power coursed through her as she thought of the orc prince between her legs, eating her pussy and focusing on her pleasure. Soleil began to move her hips harder, grinding into his mouth, relishing even the pricks of his tusks against her flesh as she rode his face in delight.

Trogar groaned against Soleil's pussy as he felt Florette suck on his cock. These sisters definitely knew what they were about, and would be of immense help in controlling the princess. As Soleil moved her hips, he began to rock his, pumping in and out of Florette's mouth as she took his cock deeper. The tapered head began to push into her throat, and the sudden hot tenseness around it made him nearly cum right there. He had to steel himself to hold back, wanting to savor the pleasure and sample all of their delights he could.

As the cock pushed in and out of her mouth, Florette hugged the ridges of his cock with her lips like a screw. She followed the ribbed contours of his shaft as it pushed all the way into her throat and then back again. A pang of jealousy shot through her as she heard her sister moan in delight. When Soleil's legs lifted up and pressed her curled toes planted on the sides of Florette's face she knew her sister was close to cumming.

Soleil thrashed on the bed as she felt her climax approach. Even when Trogar gripped her hips so tightly that it might leave a mark she continued to buck her hips, charging eagerly ahead into the crashing wave of her climax. Her feet stroked through Florette's hair, squeezing her head and pushing her up and down on the prince's cock as she used it for leverage to work her hips against Trogar's mouth. Her pleasure finally erupted as he flicked his tongue back and forth over her swollen clit, making her cry out in delirious pleasure as the orgasm exploded through her.

A grin passed over his face as he felt the whore surrender herself to the pleasure. Soleil's juices exploded out of her cunt and showered his lips and tongue as the frail elfin woman undulated beneath him on the sheets. Florette's movements became more forceful on his dick, and now every thrust of his hips was met with her diving deep on his cock and taking it all the way into her throat. His eyes rolled back, and for a moment he thought he was going to lose control, but he managed to yank his hips back and pull his straining cock out of her throat. Even then he didn't know if he was going to be able to keep from cumming, and his seed broiled near the head of his cock. Luckily, he saved himself from ruining his orgasm before even putting his dick inside that delightfully tight elfin snatch.

"Brace yourself wench, I'm going to give you a fucking like you've never had yet!"

Soleil licked her lips and moved her feet to Florette's armpits and guided her sister up, having her stand between them. "Not so fast Your Highness. My poor sister hasn't had any attention yet. You wouldn't deny her after she sucked your cock so good, would you?"

"Please don't deny me My Prince! I need your cock inside me! It tasted so good, felt so good in my mouth that I need it inside me! Fuck me please!" Florette begged.

Trogar growled and pushed Florette onto the bed, which Soleil was just barely able to roll off of in time to avoid being pinned. The orc grabbed her feet and yanked her to the edge, lifting her hips up to bring the elf girl's pussy in line with his cock. 

"Allow me Your Highness." Soleil said, a husky, throaty lilt to her voice. Her slender fingers took hold of the prince's cock while her other hand spread her sister's labia. She guided the tip of Trogar's cock to the entrance to Florette's pussy. "Fuck her, My Prince, Fuck her hard!"

He wasted no time before obliging, roughly slamming his fat cock deep inside Florette's tight elfin cunt. It was even tighter than he imagined, almost tighter than he thought possible. Even still, the elf whore's pussy was wet enough that he was able to get good friction while moving in and out. He immediately began to pump his hips, pummeling the girl as he rammed in and out.

Shockwaves hammered through her as the orc's powerful thrusts made Florette bounce atop the bed. She moaned eagerly as every nerve in her pussy was stroked and caressed by the ridged orc cock. The prince filled her up and stretched her pussy out so tightly that every available inch of flesh was being simultaneously stroked by his cock. "Ooooh! Oh yes My Prince! Ah! Fuck me! Harder! Ruin me with your big orc dick!"

Soleil grinned at her sister's words. She leaned over her twin and brought her lips to her sister's swollen clit. She kissed the little button, and swirled her tongue around the sensitive nub while the orc pounded away between her legs. She was rewarded by her sister's shriek of pleasure, and she knew that Florette had just clenched ever harder around the Prince's dick. She could hear his grunt of satisfaction every time she ran the tip of her tongue over it, and as she did it faster and faster he began to pant in ragged, burning need.

The feeling of Florette's cunt twitching and spasming around his cock as her sister licked her clit was too much for Trogar. His hips became a blur as he humped faster and harder, until releasing a low bestial howl and slamming as deep inside her as he could go. The pent up pleasure was finally released in a torrent of hot sticky cum, flooding the girl's insides with his goo. Rope after rope splattered the walls of her pussy as he worked himself in and out, continuing to fuck her hard right through the climax.

"Ah! That's it! Fuck you elf cunts are good. Your people coming here is the best thing that's ever happened to the city!" Trogar sighed in satisfaction as the last of his seed was spent inside the woman. But his cock was still hard after he drew out. All the teasing meant that it would be a while yet before his lust was completely sated. A grin formed on his lips, and he reached down to take hold of Soleil's pale blonde hair.

He guided the elf woman before him, keeping her mouth to her sister's clit. "Be a good loving sister and clean Florette up, would you?" He smirked when he noticed Soleil suppress a grimace, but the whore nonetheless brought her mouth to her sister's slit and began to lick up his cum. It serves her right anyway, he thought. She should really know her place. Trogar lined himself up behind her and guided his shaft to Soleil's wet puss. He then slammed forward, mashing Soleil's face into Florette's cum gushing cunt as he buried himself deep inside. It's only fair, after all, sister's are supposed to share. And maybe afterward he could see how tight their little asses were.

****

Sometime later, after returning the twins to the castle and turning them over to the steward for appropriate lodging he went to see his mother. A message had been waiting for him back at the castle that he was to receive someone with her and his brother, the new king. The cavernous throne room was well lit when he entered. Mother is doubtless trying to make an impression on the Guild Master, he thought. Leading up to the thrones on either side were gold candelabras as tall as a man, fashioned in the form of naked women holding torches. No doubt Weylan, the current Master of the Gem Cutter's Guild was directly involved in their construction. A not so subtle reminder of how he has profited from royal patronage?
