 "Do you think the Princess will be very angry?"

A grin spread across Trogar's face. "Oh I should think so. She won't like being pushed off on me, even if I am a Prince. She'll have expected to be dealing with the Queen herself, or at the very least the Chancellor. I don't have any official position, so she won't know what she's dealing with." Trogar wrapped his arms around the two elf girls and held them close against his thick, firm, body.

"But you're still a Prince, right Your Highness? You're her equal so she can't be too upset." Florette pursed her lips slightly as she nestled against the Prince. 

"The Princess is used to getting her way." Soleil smirked as she ran her hand up and down Trogar's bare chest. "She's used to being in control. This will keep her off balance. His Highness doesn't want her thinking clearly."

Trogar chuckled and moved his hands to each twin's breast, fondling them eagerly through their dress. Despite their position, both elfs were dressed in respectable elfin serving dresses, complete with veils. "That's right Soleil. The angrier she is the easier she will be to manipulate."

"And your 'demands' will only make her angrier, right?" Florette asked.

"Exactly. Ah, here we go, I think we're about to begin." Outside Trogar's quarters, a woman was angrily demanding to be admitted to the Prince. He had arranged for guards to be situated outside, and they were ordered to ensure that Lyriena's own guards were not permitted in the room. If the Princess were serious about these negotiations, she would have to leave herself vulnerable to do it. "Time to get to work, girls."

Florette and Soleil both leaned forward, and with practiced skill they unlaced his pants and pulled out his thick grey cock. The sisters draped their veils over the head and then brought their lips to either side of the shaft, kissing the flaccid meat and flicked their tongues up and down the side. Soleil cupped the prince's balls and rolled them over her palm while her sister began to stroke the base of his shaft.

Their tongues intertwined around his dick as they traced up the ridges of Trogar's cock. Precum was already beginning to leak out the tip and dribble down onto the tips of their tongues. The Prince gave a pleasured groan, momentarily losing himself and track of the argument taking place outside his quarters.

"It is completely in appropriate for me to be alone with the orc, Prince or no!"

"Your Highness, the Prince said he arranged a suitable chaperone. Two elf maids to wait upon you. But no armed men can enter into the Prince's chamber!"

Lyriena fumed silently as she looked at the guards. She could bring them in unarmed, but then if she really did need their help they would be at the mercy of the orcs, since they would be the one with weapons. "Fine, Fine! Captain, I shall go in and see if the chaperones are suitable. If I need you, I shall call."

Trogar felt the cum gathering in his testes in anticipation of Lyriena walking through the door and seeing the elf maids sucking his cock. "That's it girls, almost there..."

The elf princess stormed into the room, but quickly stopped short with a gasp when she saw the orc prince sitting on a couch with two elf girls between his knees. Her eyes widened when she noticed them worshipping his fat slab of grey meat. It was nearly as big as the one on the performer! Seeing it up close, it seemed almost bigger in a way. On the stage watching Marietta perform, she was more mentally aware of what was happening as opposed to seeing it. Now she was getting an up close and personal look.

The elf twins didn't bother turning around to see the princess. Instead, they remained focused on the prince. Florette licked down the length and pressed her lips against his nutsac, suckling on each one while Soleil wrapped her lips around the tapered cock. She sucked it slowly, softly, teasing the tip with her tongue as she moaned whorishly for the princess' benefit. Florette was sucking on his testes nosily as well, putting on a good show for Lyriena.

A grin spread across Trogar's face as he watched Lyriena's reaction. This is going to be easier than I thought! She half wants to devour it herself! "Welcome, Princess Lyriena! I hope you've found your," Trogar moaned in pleasure as Soleil sucked a little harder on his dick, "stay in our city pleasant so far."

The nerve of the man! To be acting like he wasn't sitting there having his thing pleasured by two of her subjects! But then, he wasn't a man, is he? He's an orc who probably doesn't know any better. But what about the girls? Are they supposed to be my chaperones? What is it about orc cocks that all these elf women find so irresistible? "Prince Trogar, really, this is intolerable!"

"Are your accommodations so poor then? No matter, you're to be moved up to the castle today anyway. I'm sure you'll find our hospitality here much more suitable."

"That is not what I meant and you know it! I am a Princess! I am here to settle this trade dispute and it seems you are to be the Zentaran representative. Put your...your thing away and take this seriously!" Lyriena's gaze fell to the prince's cock again, taking a last look before he put it away.

Except that Trogar had no intention of putting his cock away. Instead, he just let it jut out freely between his legs as his elf servants bathed it with their tongues. "I take it very seriously, Princess. So seriously that I intend to approach it with a mind clear of lust. If you know a better way to achieve that, Your Highness, I should like to hear it."

"There is a time and place for such things, and it is not first thing in the morning when you are supposed to be attending state affairs!" Despite her protestations, she felt that familiar warmth starting to spread out from her loins as she watched the pretty elf girls worship Trogar's thick gray slab of meat. Her heart gave a little jump when she saw one of the elfs actually take the thing in her mouth, while the other started sucking on his testicles.

Normally Soleil would jack off one of her clients while sucking on his cock, but she wanted to make sure to give the princess an unimpeded view of the prince's shaft. It was important to the prince for Lyriena to see his cock sliding in and out of her mouth, and not have the view obstructed by her hand. She was happy to give him what he wanted. There were worse ways of servicing a client, and though many considered giving head to be submissive, she enjoyed the sense of power it gave her. She controlled his pleasure; how fast and how hard he got off was up to her. It also didn't hurt that orc cocks had a much more interesting texture that made them more fun to taste and explore.

"Ah, but I always start my day this way. This is Ruar, the City of Sin! If you're going to be our guest, it's only right that you share in our customs! If you're so eager to get started, come here and join us. I've no doubt you could take care of this for me in no time!" Trogar grinned lasciviously at Lyriena. He could tell by the look in her eyes that she was horny, and the way she gazed at his cock meant she was interested. She just needed the right little push.

A shiver went down Lyriena's spine as she listened to the wet slurping sound of the two elf girls between the prince's legs. I can't believe they are doing that right here in front of me. Have they no manners? No upbringing? Color suffused her face as she caught on to the orc's lewd suggestion. "That is it, I am leaving. You can come find me when you are ready to be civilized!"

"If you walk out that door, there will be no negotiations, Princess. You might as well get on a boat and sail home. I'm perfectly willing to negotiate with you, but first, come here and sit down."

Lyriena froze on her way to the door. He couldn't really mean it, could he? Of course he could, she realized. He's a beast, all these orcs and men are obscene fornicators. He's using this to take advantage of me! But what choice do I have, she wondered. Lyriena turned around and glowered at the orc as she considered it.

She could march out now and sail home, but her people would still be in poverty, and more would come to Zentara and probably end up like these poor girls. Or she could swallow her pride and put the good of her kingdom and people first and deal with this bullying orc. 

"Fine, if that's how you want to play it." She said, tightly. Lyriena stalked towards the prince, her heart beating faster with every step as she got closer to the orc's bare cock and the lewd women worshipping it. His cock effused a powerful scent into the air, one that sent another tremor through her body. I really shouldn't be doing this, she thought, but maybe it will be worth it to see what the fuss is about. It's not like Datoran is ever going to find out.

Trogar crowed triumphantly. "Wonderful. Come, sit down and we can begin. Soleil, make some room for your Princess."

Soleil slid off the couch and joined her sister on the ground, though she didn't begin sucking on his balls yet. Instead, she just looked up at Lyriena, waiting for the right moment to move as the princess sat down on the couch next to Trogar.

Lyriena took a deep breath to try and settle herself, but she couldn't stop shaking, or looking at the thick prick standing straight up, almost pointing at her. How could something like that ever fit inside of me? She was immediately embarrassed by the thought. It wouldn't, it didn't need to. She might have climaxed to the thought of being with an orc, but that is not something that ever would be a reality. "Fine. I'm here. Now tell me why your people are no longer trading with mine?" 

A deep, growly chuckle rumbled out from Trogar. "Princess, Princess, please, we must go through the formalities." The orc continued to snicker as he gripped his cock and began to stroke it. "After all, we haven't even been properly introduced."

"I know who you are, Prince Trogar, and you know who I am!" Lyriena snarled, clenching her thighs tightly together as the motion of his hand and her own bridled lust drew her eyes to his straining cock.

"Nonetheless, proper manners and etiquette must be followed, yes? Isn't that important among the elfs?" Trogar grinned as his hypocrisy made her gasp. He wish he could see the O her face made, but Lyriena's veil obscured his view. The fire in her eyes said plenty though, and there would be time enough to divest her of the veil and the rest of her morals.

Lyriena fumed silently and counted to ten as she glared at the orc. "Of course. I am Lyriena Eomowien, Princess of Deznessuian, and Special Emissary to the court of Her Highness, Jeanette Grennally, Queen of Zentara."

"Don't forget King Grotok Grennally of the Goltenak Clan, for he certainly won't let you. It's a shared throne now, you know."

"Yes, thank you for the correction."

"As you know, I am Prince Trogar Grennally, of the Goltenak Clan, and the special representative for the crown in these negotiations." Trogar continued to stroke his cock, beating it faster as he looked over the princess. Her dress would have been considered modest twenty years ago before his mother's time. It had a high collar on her neck, and ran all the way down to her feet, covering every inch of her skin. He would have to talk to his mother about gifting her with a proper Zentaran dress. She certainly had fine taste in jewelry at least. Lyriena was bedecked in sparkling diamonds, from the tiara atop her head, to the massive jewel around her neck to the ring on her finger.

"A pleasure to meet you" she managed out between gritted teeth. "Can we begin now?"

"Ah, I'm almost done here. In fact, why don't you give me a hand? I know you want to."

Lyriena's eyes fell down to his cock again. Do all men have those bands around their shafts? I wonder what it feels like, how hard it is. It had to be bigger than Datoran's, for the prince was at least half again as large. Imagining what one would feel like inside her would be much easier if she at least knew what it would feel like in her hand.

Sensing the time was right, Soleil reached forward placed her fingers over Lyriena's gloved hand and guided it to Trogar's cock. To her surprise, Lyriena didn't resist even a little before opening her fist and wrapping her slender fingers around the thick orc meat.

The orc's cock was thick and hard in her grasp, like holding the pommel of a sword. It was hot too, spreading a warmth from her palm and up her arm. To her shame, she could feel herself getting wet as she held it, and prayed to all the elfen Gods that his pug nose wouldn't be able to smell her arousal. The elf serving girl on the floor continued to hold her hand, and began moving it up and down to stroke along the length of the orc's shaft.

"Aaaaah, that's very good Lyriena. You're a natural at this, I'm sure you'll have me sorted out in no time at all!" Trogar groaned again as he felt the soft fabric of Lyriena's glove wrap tightly around his prick in her dainty grip and begin to stroke up and down. Between the princess' hand and Florette's tongue tickling his balls he probably would be cumming in no time.

Lyriena jumped at Trogar's booming voice even as her heart fluttered a little. Was she really good at this? Trogar certainly seemed to think so. In fact, he seemed quite distracted by the pleasure. As the elf servant began to move her hand a little faster and twist her wrist just a little as it stroked up and down, Lyriena thought it might be a good idea to start the negotiations now. I can keep stroking his thing with my hand, it will be ok, it will distract him so I can get to the truth of the matter. "Prince Trogar, we've been formally introduced, so please, explain to me why it is that your people will no longer trade with mine!"

"Ah, it's the gold you see. Too much gold is leaving the Kingdom." Trogar grunted in pleasure as the princess expertly jerked his cock under Soleil's direction. 

"What do you mean? We trade fairly for it, in gems and silk and dye." Lyriena watched in rapt fascination at the expression on Trogar's face, and how the movements of her hand made him tremble so. It was similar to the feeling of power she felt at watching others make love, but even more pronounced since she was directly involved.

"Too much gold and silver is being traded. We're having to debase our currency in order to keep up, and that is hurting our economy. We can't pay our own bills when all our gold is going to the Elfish Isles." Trogar grunted and gripped the arm of the couch with one hand, trying to brace himself against the pleasure. He looked down at Soleil, and gave her a slight nod.

"We can't just give you our goods for free, Your Highness, that's not how trade works."

"Hence our dilemma. But perhaps there is another way to settle things..." Trogar reached with his free hand to clasp Lyriena's shoulder, squeezing as he began moving his hips and humping the elf's fist.

Meanwhile, Soleil place her hand on the top of Florette's head, signaling her sister to release Trogar's testes. As Soleil continued to work Lyriena's hand up and down the orc's cock, Florette crawled between the princess' legs and started to scoot beneath her long skirt.

"What would thaa-" Lyriena's question was cut off in surprise, but as she tried to move her hand off Trogar's cock to deal with Florette, Soleil held it firmly in place. She then tried to close her legs, but Florette was already between them, sliding her face beneath Lyriena's slip. The elf princess groaned as she felt Florette's lips catch the gusset of her panties and pull them to the side. "What are you doooooing?" she moaned as the elf servant's tongue skillfully danced along her slit.

"She's licking your cunt, Princess" Trogar grinned. "It's all part of the service. I thought you were starting to get clouded with lust too, and needed a little relief."

Lyriena wanted to protest, but it felt so good, even better than Elenorei's fingers. She found herself unconsciously mimicking Trogar's movements, bucking her hips into Florette's face as she continued to jerk the orc off under Soleil's guidance.

"Now, about my alternate proposal..." Trogar moved his hand down Lyriena's chest to grope her breast. Even through the voluminous folds of her dress he could tell it was small, and his own large hand covered it easily.

"Yessss...?" 

"Full trade relations could be restored, if you agreed to marry me." He squeezed the elf's hard nipple to punctuate his offer, making her shudder and moan even louder.

"Ah w-what? That's...ah..aaahbsurd! I could never marry you! And...and I'm already betroooothed!" Lyriena groaned in pleasure as Florette's tongue flicked back and forth over her clit. She didn't think she could feel any better, until the serving girl guided her finger inside Lyriena's tight virginal pussy. The added movement of the dexterous digit stroking her inner walls coupled with the skilled tongue on her clit brought her to even higher levels of pleasure, but somehow kept her just on the edge, not able to tumble over into blissful release.

Trogar snickered at that. "I was wondering about that ring on your finger. It was hard to miss, sitting so prettily right next to my cock."

Lyriena flushed, and again thought of Datoran guiltily. What am I doing? I'm promised to Datoran! By the Abyss, I couldn't even last one day in this country without turning into a harlot! But those shameful thoughts just made her hotter, and she rolled her hips even harder against Florette's face. She could feel the folds of her dress getting wetter by the minute as she leaked and sweated into the garment. "Ah! Mmm! I...I...oooh..." Lyriena tightened her grip on Trogar's cock again, and resumed stroking it at a frantic pace.

"Well, if you cannot marry me, then we are at an impasse. My people can live without diamonds and silks and dyes. Can your people live without Zentaran trade?" Trogar began to move his hips faster as he rubbed Lyriena's breast. The kneading made her body tremble, and sent the elf princess' veil swaying before him. He wanted to rip it off and force his cock down her throat, but there would be time for that later, and he was already oh so close to climax.

Lyriena's mind started spinning as she tried to follow along while simultaneously dealing with the pleasurable onslaught brought on by the serving girl. It isn't supposed to be like this, she thought, he is the one who is supposed to be distracted. "Ah, my, my people don't live on gold and silver. They neeeeed it to buy the food they eat and pay for the houses they live in!" The other elf girl, the one holding her hand to Trogar's cock took a hold of her free hand and guided it to the orc prince's balls. They were hot, heavy, and wet with Florette's spit. They felt so virile in her hand, and their weight promised a thick load of the man's seed. She imagined they must be much larger than an elf's; is that why orc's were so much more fertile than her own people?

"Ah...yes, now we're getting somewhere interesting. Perhaps trade could continue, if we alter the terms a little bit. Our merchants could start paying you in kind, with wheat and lumber and other goods." By the Abyss this was absurd. He knew that she wouldn't accept his suit yet, but that he was prattling on about trade terms while she jerked his cock was ridiculous.

"I...ah, I...I can't think...ah, aaaaah!" Lyriena trembled as Florette's tongue finally brought her to completion, and the second climax of her life rumbled through her body. She twitched on the couch, jerking her hips and squeezing his cock fiercely as she writhed in pleasure.

The sudden squeezing of his cock was too much for him to bear, and Trogar's own climax followed soon after Lyriena's. Thick white strands of sticky seed erupted from the tapered tip of his cock and splattered down the princess' gloved hands, staining the silk as it dribbled down her forearm.
