 Author's Note: A nice long chapter for you, since there might be a longer than expected delay until the next one. I'm hoping to have it in three weeks, but I haven't been able to write for the last two, nor will I be able to write for the next two. Luckily, I already have chapter 6 done, and most of seven. I am trying to stay two chapters ahead so I can make changes in previous chapters as needed. As always, please vote, leave comments if you have them, or send feedback through Literotica. If you want a reply, be sure to include your email. The dress design in the chapter was inspired by a picture made by Horpheu Desmunio. If you want to see some of the pictures he made of Lyriena and the twins, send me an email. Enjoy!

****

Lyriena averted her eyes from the twin sisters as she stepped into the bath. It was awkward having them so close, after what they had done together the day before. She could hardly believe that she had actually touched the prince's member, let alone that these girls had licked the orc's seed from her fingers. Now, they were to wait upon her in the bath, and spy upon her probably as well. Guilt set in, not only for how she behaved yesterday, but for how these poor girls had been dragged into it as well. If she didn't resolve this dispute soon, even more young elfs would be led down disreputable paths.

Unfortunately, Elenorei had begged leave to go and visit her cousin and try to persuade her to leave that vile club. Lyriena could hardly forbid her to do that, but now she had to rely on Soleil and Florette to see to her personal needs. A hot bath did sound lovely, of course, and it had been some time since she enjoyed one. The tournament opening the victory feast did not start for a few more hours, so she had plenty of time to relax and get ready.

The sisters removed her chemise, and Lyriena quickly stepped into the large bath to hide her naked flesh from the twins. A few moments later though and to her confusion, the servants also started to disrobe. "What are you doing?"

"If we're to bathe you, Your Highness, we cannot do it from outside the tub. You don't want us to get our uniforms wet, do you?" Soleil smiled sweetly as she helped Florette with her dress.

"You can do it just as easily from outside the bath." But they couldn't, she realized. The tub was sunken into the castle floor, so there was no way for them to easily bathe her from the outside. "Oh fine, very well."

Florette and Soleil stripped quickly and slipped into the bath. Unlike the princess, they didn't sink into the depths to hide their figures. The twins were much curvier than she was, with larger breasts and wide hips for child bearing. Wide enough even for an orc babe, she thought, before banishing that image from her mind. Trogar had doubtless slept with both women of course, but surely they wouldn't, they couldn't, get pregnant.

A tiny jolt of excitement shot through her as each of the twins took one of her feet and scrubbed it gently beneath the water. Their hands were surprisingly soft for commoners, and despite their dubious profession she guessed that their history had been somewhat gentler. They clearly knew the role of serving girls, so they probably had a respectable background in Deznessuian. "How did you come to work for the Prince?" she asked to break the silence.

"Oh, His Highness pulled us out of one of the brothels in the city." Florette said as she started to rub and caress Lyriena's calf.

"He hasn't exactly found you honest work."

"There isn't much honest work to be had in the city, Your Highness. Especially for girls like us. The tax you placed on elfs leaving Deznessuian ate up all our savings." 

Lyriena flinched at that. Requiring a payment to get permission to leave was supposed to discourage elfs from emigrating, not leave them without resources when they arrived in Zentara. But that was bound to happen, she supposed.

"We were spending our first night in the city in the streets, until one of the bawds found us and put a roof over our heads. Of course, we had to earn our place there, and enough to keep us fed." Soleil's fingers rolled along Lyriena's calf, half massaging it as she scrubbed.

"You can't even imagine the things we had to do." Though Trogar will show you half of them at least by the time he's done, thought Florette.

"It's still better than working in a brothel," Soleil replied, "there you have to put up with half a dozen or more a night instead of just one." Soleil smirked saucily and pinched Lyriena's thigh. "Or two."

The princess blushed and glared at the impertinent servant. "You do not have to worry about serving me, at least not in that way."

"Oh but we do Your Highness!" Florette chirped. "It's one of our duties."

"Yes, the Prince doesn't want you clouded with lust, after all." Soleil giggled, and both sisters waded closer to Lyriena while their fingers slid up higher along her legs.

Lyriena flushed as the twins' hands explored further up her legs, torn between her instinct to close them and her desire to leave them open. It's not like they were going to do anything that Elenorei herself hadn't done. Well, maybe that wasn't exactly true, but Florette's tongue did feel so good yesterday. It would relieve the itch she'd been having, and she wouldn't have to fraternize with Trogar to boot.

Both of the twins pushed up against her, with Soleil's mouth moving to kiss Lyriena's hard nipple while Florette guided her hand between Lyriena's legs, seeking out her mound. She clasped and squeezed the princess' mons, and rolled her fingertips against the sensitive flesh. A smile crossed Florette's lips as she watched Lyriena's eyes close and heard a low moan escape her throat.

As the two elf girls set about pleasuring her, Lyriena tried to lose herself in a fantasy once again. She thought about the twins, and what they might have been forced to do at the brothel. She had seen them working together to suck on Trogar's member, but she imagined that they had done other stuff as well. As Soleil's soft lips caressed her nipple, and Florette's fingers rolled over her clit she imagined them getting fucked in a dark, dingy room by a succession of well endowed orcs.

In her imagination it wasn't a sad, sorrowful thing, but rather a great erotic adventure. For all their complaints, they seemed happy enough with the prince's shaft, so they must have actually enjoyed being taken by the others. This fantasy was even more wicked than the one about seeing Marietta on the stage, for she only knew her through her cousin, while she had met the two sisters much more intimately. She could see their faces clearly in her mind's eye as they surrendered to the pleasure of their orc lovers.

"Uh oh Soleil, we have a bit of a problem." Florette murmured, tugging on Lyriena's pubic hair and drawing the princess out of her fantasy.

"Hmm? What's the matter?" Lyriena asked huskily.

"It's your womanly hairs, Your Highness. It just won't do. Elfish women don't keep them in Zentara, it isn't at all fashionable."

"I don't see how that it is anyone's business but mine" she replied impatiently. They needed to get back to work!

"But we're to take care of you, Princess, including your grooming. We need to remove it or the Prince will be angry."

"The Prince won't know one way or the other!"

"Won't he?" asked Soleil, a smirk on her face. "It is our duty, Your Highness. You must let us, or we'll be punished."

"Yes, and if he thinks you're neglecting Zentaran customs, he might call off the negotiations."

"He won't!" Lyriena insisted. "Last night was a onetime thing and it will not be repeated." She hoped.

"But we will have to tell him, Your Highness, I'm sure you realize that." Soleil slid up against Lyriena and took the princess' hand and guided it between her legs. "It's rather nice, actually, I think you'll enjoy it." The elf woman purred softly as she stroked Lyriena's fingers over her smooth pussy.

"Yes, can you feel how smooth it is? All the elfs in the city have it done." Florette added, taking Lyriena's other hand and bringing it between her legs as well. Both the elfin sisters began to gently rock their hips, sliding their smooth labia along the princess' delicate slender fingers.

"You want to be like your people, don't you? To understand what our lives are like here?" Soleil moved her hips a little faster, grinding her smooth sex up and down Lyriena's soft hand.

Lyriena pushed her fingers against the twins' pussies, exploring their most intimate spot. She had only ever touched her own before of course, but they felt so different without the hair she was accustomed to. She could feel every detail of the contour of their sex, and as her fingers spread their labia apart she thought of the penises that had been inside, stretching them apart and filling both women's sex. "Ah..."

Soleil reached beneath Lyriena's shoulders and lifted her up while Florette took hold of the princess' legs. They laid her out on the side of the bath. "It's going to be lovely, Your Highness" Florette purred as she spread Lyriena's thighs.

"Soon you'll look just like this," Soleil added as she straddled Lyriena's face, giving the princess a good look at her hairless cunt, "you're going to love it, I promise." The sight of Soleil's shaven pussy hovering above her face struck a chord with the princess. Somehow it made it even easier to imagine a thick grey cock pushing inside when the view was unobstructed by the woman's genital hair. Soleil's puffy nether lips seemed to throb above her face, and soon she was finding herself falling back into her fantasy of imagining the wicked things the girls had done in the brothel. 

Her own pleasure began to build up again as she felt Florette's fingers caressing through the hair between her legs. The elf's fingers were coated in something warm and wet, and soon she felt it being rubbed all over her tender vulva. Lyriena's heart began to beat faster as she realized that the maid was preparing to remove her hair. She imagined what it would look like, what it would feel like. Panic gripped her heart as she wondered what Elenorei would say when she saw it.

When Lyriena opened her mouth to protest, she found it smothered by Soleil's cunt, which the elf sat firmly down on the princess' face. "Shhh now Your Highness, l Let us take care of everything. Just lie back and relax." Soleil would never have imagined that someday she'd have the Sun of Deznessuian between her legs, have Her Highness' lips pressed against her puss. The thought sent a shiver of excitement through her, and she began to rock her hips against the struggling princess' face.

Lyriena tried to turn her head away, but Soleil's thighs just clamped tighter around her face, keeping it in place. She squealed in disgust as the elf's moistening labia rubbed over her mouth, imbuing it with the tangy taste of the prostitute's sex. The louder she tried to cry out, the more her mouth vibrated against Soleil's nether lips, drawing out even more of the elf's nectar. As Soleil moved her hips faster, more of Lyriena's face became covered in the elf's arousal. By the Abyss, how is she enjoying it this much? I'm not even using my tongue like Florette did! 

The heat between Lyriena's legs flared, transforming from a warm glow to a fierce burning as the cream applied by Florette took effect. The princess squealed again and bucked her hips, only to have Soleil push the mound of her pussy harder against Lyriena's open mouth to rub her wet labia directly against the princess' tongue.

"Aww, it's ok Your Highness, it will only burn a moment. You're just a little more sensitive down there than elsewhere." Florette began to stroke through Lyriena's bush, plucking out the princess' hairs as she did so. The depilatory cream made it much easier, allowing it to fall out in clumps instead of being pulled one at a time.

"Just focus on my cunt, Princess." Soleil wrapped Lyriena's hair around her fingers to help lift the princess' head up against her slit. "Ah..." She moaned softly as she felt Lyriena's hot wet mouth dance along the curve of her mound. The frictions spread her nether lips apart, allowing the wet pink inner folds to be directly caressed by the princess' tongue.

Lyriena tried to block out the pain between her legs and focus on the pussy in her face as Soleil suggested. As the prostitute got more aroused, the taste and scent became more pronounced, helping to overwhelm her senses and drown the burning in her loins. She remembered how wet she had been the day before when Florette was between her thighs, and how good it had felt to have the elf licking her down there. How bad could it be? It would be worth it to get more of the same service from them in return.

"Ooooh that's it Princess, use your tongue. Push it in nice and deep!" Soleil moaned hotly as she felt Lyriena's tongue start to explore the inner crevice of her sex. Ripples of pleasure made her clench tighter onto the princess' head, and spurred her to ride the royal's face even faster. "Yes, that's good! Oh you're a natural pussy eater, Princess!"

With the last of Lyriena's bush cleared away, Florette purred and blew cool air across her burning cunt. "You look so pretty now, Your Highness. I'm sure the Prince will just love the look of your little puss." The maid tenderly rubbed the sensitive flesh, giggling as she watched how it made the princess jump. She then slowly twirled her fingers around Lyriena's exposed clit, teasing her with the mix of pain and pleasure.

Lyriena paled beneath Soleil as she thought of Trogar seeing her like this. It's not for him, it's for Datoran! I wonder what he would think of it, she wondered. Probably think it's too forward. It will grow back before we're married, right? "Ah!" She moaned into Soleil's slit as Florette flicked her tongue over her little button. 

She lifted her hips, trying to push them into Florette's face the way Soleil was doing to her, but the elf woman kept just out of range, offering only light, teasing flicks with the tip of her tongue. Lyriena whimpered in need, trying to demonstrate what she wanted by eagerly and wantonly licking Soleil's pussy. Her tongue pushed in and out of those slick folds, twisting and turning and swiping all over with wild abandon.

The thrust of Soleil's hips became faster and more violent as she grinded back and forth against Lyriena's tongue. "Ah! Yes, lick it Princess! Clean out all the filthy orc cock that's been in there!" Soleil looked down with a sadistic grin to watch the effect her calculated words had on the princess.

"Mmmmph!" Lyriena's eyes widened and she blanched at the remark. Her fantasy flashed in her mind's eye as she thought about all the orc cocks she imagined thrusting into Soleil's body. Her tongue was now connected to all of them by proxy, and a violent shudder went down her spine as she imagined that she could actually taste them off the prostitute's well used pussy.

"You like that, don't you, Your Highness? You like the idea of licking a whore's nasty orc fucked pussy?" Soleil laughed and tightened the grip of her thighs again to prevent Lyriena from looking away. "Ah...you're so good at it too. I can tell how much you love the taste. Don't stop Princess, make me cum!" 

"She does, sis!" Florette called out to her twin. "She's getting oh so wet. I could feel her pussy tighten every time you talked about an orc cock. There, she did it again!" She laughed, and then resumed drawing a circle around Lyriena's clit. Her fingers rolled gently on the princess' inner labia, continuing to tease her and build up the pleasure while denying her any release.

Tears welled up in Lyriena's eyes as she felt Soleil's dirty pussy rubbing back and forth over her face. Even if she didn't lick it, there was no preventing the elfin whore from pleasuring herself. But she was trapped beneath Soleil, and Florette was there too, controlling her lower body. In a way though, even more mortifying than having to eat Soleil's well fucked sex was how much pleasure she was feeling. Not from having to pleasure the elf, to be sure, but from Florette flicking her clit and stroking her nether lips.

"Mmm, don't stop Princess, keep licking, don't stop!" Soleil moaned out. The elf reached back and ran her nails over Lyriena's breast, and then pinched and twisted the princess' nipple until she started to lick again. "Good girl! So close!" Ah!"

"Get it nice and deep Your Highness" Florette panted between licks, "the Prince fucked her quite hard last night and I'm not sure I got all his cum out of her." She wrapped her lips around Lyriena's clit and began to suckle, squeezing it with her mouth as she lapped up and down with the tip of her tongue. She added more force and speed, finally allowing the princess to build up towards a climax, but not pushing her over the edge yet.

"Nnnngmmpmh!" Lyriena moaned against Soleil's pussy as her tongue started to move again. The faster I make her climax, the sooner this would end. Thankfully I can't really taste any of the Prince's disgusting seed. Ugh! Dirty whore! She's going to pay! Mmm! Just as soon as Florette makes me climax as well. 

Soleil's body rocked as she finally came. Her girlish cum exploded on Lyriena's face, adding to the humiliating mixture of juices and spit already coating her lips, cheeks and nose. She continued to ride the princess' mouth, rubbing her wet swollen pussy lips up and down and back and forth, grinding through the climax to prolong her pleasure as long as possible. "Aaaah! Ah! Mmm. Mmm. That's good Your Highness. Slow down now, almost done. Ah. Oh it's been a while since anyone has done that for me." Soleil suppressed her smirk at the lie as she looked down at Lyriena. "Even an orc doesn't want to lick the pussy of a whore. But you seemed to enjoy it just fine. I had no idea my Princess was so perverted!"

The other twin kept Lyriena on the edge of climax until Soleil finally dismounted from the princess' face. Then she abruptly pulled away and squealed, "Ooooh, my turn!" 

Before Lyriena even realized what had happened, Soleil rolled her onto all fours and pressed her face down between Florette's thighs. When she tried to object, Soleil slapped her hand against the princess' pussy, and then squeezed the mound before rubbing it against her palm, resuming the pleasure. Meanwhile, Florette reached down with one hand to clasp Lyriena's head and hold it between her thighs while her other hand massaged her own breast.

"Don't be greedy now, Your Highness," Soleil murmured, "Florette treated you so well yesterday it's only fair to return the favor. Just as I'm going to; I'll make sure your royal puss is taken care of." She stroked Lyriena's backside with one hand, rubbing it up and down as the other rolled in a circle on the princess' slit.

Bitch! Snarled Lyriena in her mind. Now she was having to service Florette! Though to be fair, Florette had taken care of her yesterday and was much nicer than Soleil. Driven by the growing heat in her loins, Lyriena gave in and attacked Florette's pussy, licking it up and down, side to side, and flicking her clit again and again.

"Ah Oooh you're right sis, she really knows what she's doing. She's a natural! A tongue like this could earn so much gold at Lorelai's! The girls would be lining up to get their pussies taken care of after a hard night's work!" Florette began to pump her hips upward as she pulled Lyriena's face down against her pussy mound.

The princess breathed raggedly as Soleil fingered her slit. Her hot breath washed over Florette's clit as she frantically pursued the button with her tongue, lavishing attention on the little button as she was driven by her own desperation.

"You really love eating whore pussy, don't you Your Highness? You're panting like a bitch in heat!" Soleil snickered, and then smacked the princess sharply on the ass. "Keep going, make my sister cum and I'll let you have the best orgasm of your life!" She smacked Lyriena's ass again, and then spanked her pussy, alternating between spanking and rubbing, keeping her off balance but always moving closer and closer to that explosive release.
