 This is ridiculous, Trogar thought, I shouldn't be getting called to carpet like I'm a child. By my brothers no less! Trogar fumed as he made his way to his mother's apartments, where she, Grotok, and Belkor would be waiting for him. The summons had come last night after the display at the feast. Clearly the Council of Guilds was not going to be as tractable as he had hoped.

It didn't help that his brothers had tricked him into humiliating himself at the competition the day before. How was he supposed to win Lyriena if they were going to undercut his every move? Now they were probably going to give him even more grief, as if there wasn't enough pressure already. It just wasn't fair; his brothers were great warriors with thrones of their own. Why did they have to begrudge him his?

At least his mother was fair. She never minded that he wasn't as large or powerful as her other sons, and she certainly was doing everything she could to make sure he got the throne he wanted. He just had to make sure those damn merchants couldn't poison her against him with their prophecies of doom and gloom.

The two guards stationed outside the entrance to his mother's suite moved aside as he approached, giving him access to the Queen's receiving room. It was far more lavishly decorated than his, with flamboyant silk drapes in red and purple hanging from the ceilings and across doorways. One of the Queen's favorite games was to let them all hang down and create a silken maze through her suite. You never knew what you might find waiting for you when you brushed one aside, he thought as he pulled back the drapes over the entrance and stepped inside.

Inside the room, Jeanette was sitting between Grotok on Belkor on a small sofa. When Trogar entered, she smiled and rose up to greet them. "Trogar! Welcome!" Jeanette approached her son to give him a hug.

Trogar stirred uncomfortable as he felt his mother's body press against his. The Queen's shirt was mostly open, connected only by two strings that buttoned onto the opposite side, baring much of her chest and stomach as she held him. He wrapped her in his large arms and gave her a squeeze. "Good morning, mother. Congratulations on a successful opening to the festival. I think it went quite well."

Grotok scoffed, but was quickly silenced by a look from Jeanette. "Thank you my dear. Come and join us, we have much to discuss and more to plan."

Trogar followed the Queen to his brothers. The sway of Jeanette's short pleated skirt caught his eye and brought his attention to the way the hem brushed over the top of her thigh high red boots. He quickly pulled his gaze up, just in time to catch Dorian stepping out from behind another set of curtains.

"Good morning Your Highness." The impudent bodyguard said with a smirk as Grotok and Belkor started to snicker again.

"Good morning, Dorian. So you're going to join us today? How delightful." He shot another glare at his brothers, before turning to his mother. "So it seems the Guilds are not as bought off as we had hoped. Master Weylan must have been quite persuasive to convince the rest of them to support his little move."

"What can you expect from merchants? Pay them a million marks and they'll thank you and ask what you're buying next." Grotok spit out. "You're lucky you don't have to put up with them, Belkor."

"I wish I were that lucky. They may not be formally established in Heste, but they have investments all over the Duchy of Braden. Their complaints about Henry Ousten and his ravages are endless. When are you taking care of that, Dorian?"

"In due time. You should have a reprieve for the time being anyway," Dorian smirked and nodded towards Trogar, "word is he's much more interested in Prince Trogar's elfish Princess than he is in your gold." 

"She's not his Princess yet. When are you going to seal the deal, Trogar? Now that you've failed to get the Guilds in line you need to move quicker. I don't need you destabilizing my Kingdom with your schemes." Grotok grinned mockingly. "If you want to call it quits now, I'm sure I can find an official position for you at court."

Belkor snickered. "Not as a commander, of course."

"Or even sergeant-at-arms. No, we need something more in line with your talents. I suppose you could be the royal procurer? You seem much more apt at paying whores than anything else." Grotok laughed even louder as Trogar scowled.

"That's enough!" Jeanette glared at her sons. "Both of you. This is serious. The Council of Guilds isn't aggrieved enough to revolt any time soon. They just want us to know they're not going to sit by indefinitely while we impoverish one of their members. I'm more concerned about Ousten's interest in Lyriena." Jeanette looked at Dorian for answers.

"As you know, Your Highness, he tried to abduct the Princess on her way to Ruar. He hasn't been sighted returning to Heste or raiding anywhere on the coast. It's likely he's going to try again, while she's in the city."

"Trying to kidnap the Princess was a blunder on his part, for which we should all be grateful." Jeanette said. "All he's done, or could have done, is turn the elfs against him and for us. If he had used his ship to transport elfish goods up to Thesta he could have opened a rival trade route and made himself a fortune while undercutting us. Now they won't have anything to do with him."

"He still remains a problem. If he does manage to get his hands on Lyriena he could force a marriage between them and win elfish support for retaking Heste." Belkor noted.

Trogar shook his head. "Even if he captured and married her, the elfs don't have the capability to help him reconquer Heste.

"Not on their own. But Henry isn't the biggest problem facing Heste right now." Dorian said, causing everyone to turn towards Belkor.

"The northern lords are causing problems."

"Surely they're not planning rebellion already?" Grotok asked.

"No, even worse; they're making friends and allies."

"Aaah." Trogar said, understanding dawning. He grinned nastily at Belkor. "Let me guess: they're reaching out to the orc lords and inviting them to attack the Catabrian Tribes." The Catabrian Tribes had long been the enemy of the northern Hesten lords, and long been the allies of Thesta.

"If the orc lords start raiding the Catabrian Tribes, it will drive a wedge between us and Thesta." Dorian finished.

"That cannot be allowed to happen. We must consolidate our control over Heste and our relationship with the elfs." Jeanette looked to Trogar again. "Which brings us back to you."

"Well, if Belkor can't control his own subjects, I suppose I will have to move quicker to win my bride." He suppressed a snicker as Belkor growled. "Progress is already being made with Lyriena. She may not like it-"

"Or you." Grotok interjected before Trogar continued.

"-but she is going to come around to the inevitable. She's already showing signs of submission. It is only a matter of time."

"Time is not something we have in abundance, brother."

"I am sure Trogar is more than capable of bringing the Princess to heel, assuming he has the opportunity. What steps have been taken to ensure Ousten doesn't grab her?" Jeanette asked.

"She is under constant surveillance, Your Highness." Dorian reassured her. "He won't get the chance, and when he tries, we'll be ready to grab him."

"Then it seems we have everything in order. I suggest you get to work, Trogar."

****

Trogar clenched his jaw and grinded his teeth as he left his mother's rooms. He had quite enough of his brothers. The sooner he got out of this city and into lands of his own, the better! But first, he had to deal with Lyriena. He had barely seen her at all yesterday, and had no opportunity to press his suit. Luckily, that would be rectified today. She would be coming to his quarters to continue their negotiations.

Well, that was what she was thinking, anyway. In reality, he needed to put her in her place. She had shown promising signs by giving in to stroking his cock so readily the other day, but now he had to build on that. In addition to being groomed for his sexual pleasure, he also had to work on getting her to be more submissive and the defiance she showed Soleil needed to be curbed.

By the time Trogar reached his quarters, the elf twins had nearly completed the preparations. He had a special Zentaran dress made for the princess, which he couldn't wait to see her in. He also still had the whipping frame in place, though for the moment it was covered by a tarp. He didn't want to scare her off too quickly.

The look on Soleil's face might though, he mused. The elf had been in a mood since Lyriena had slapped her. Well, she's going to get her chance at revenge, he thought. Trogar paced about the room, eager for the princess to arrive. His cock was already stiffening from the anticipation, and he had to fight off the urge to have the sisters take care of it for him.

Finally, the princess arrived. She swept into the room looking haughty and imperious. Apparently she's regained some of her nerve after putting Soleil in her place. Well, it won't last. Maybe it will be even more fun this way; the higher she rises, the harder she'll fall. "Princess Lyriena, how good it is to see you again. I missed finishing our 'conversation' after you slipped out from the banquet last night. It was so stimulating." Trogar gave her a lecherous grin.

"It was hardly stimulating, and on that note, how dare you try to order me to...to desecrate one of our national treasures!" Lyriena flushed in a mixture of anger and embarrassment as she tried to hold herself high and maintain a better position in the encounter.

"I didn't try to, I did it. And you obeyed, I might add." Trogar strode towards the princess. "As for stimulating, don't try to lie. If you'll recall I felt for myself how wet it made you. You loved it; admit it! These negotiations don't have to be all boring and tedious; we can have a bit of harmless fun if you submit to it."

Lyriena bristled at the insinuation, even more so because it was true. She took a deep breath and tried to change the subject. "Yes, the negotiations. Let's return to that, shall we? After considering your position, I am prepared to accept the value of one quarter of our goods in wheat, timber, iron, and leather. The remaining three quarters will be in gold and silver, as before."

"Ridiculous. That's not nearly enough, Princess."

She didn't think it would be. "We are also prepared to accept a three percent tariff on our goods, to be paid for by our merchants in gold and silver. That will help re-circulate the precious metals back into your Kingdom."

"That is an interesting idea, Lyriena. It is definitely worth considering." He smiled amiably while his eyes darted down the princess' figure. "I shall have to consult with my mining minister of course, and run the numbers to see if the trade off would be acceptable. Of course, final approval is subject to my recommendation, and I don't know if I'm prepared to give it. Not after the way I've been treated."

"How you have been treated?" She replied, clenching her jaw.

"Yes, how I've been treated. You've insulted and abused my servant. You've rejected and insulted my customs at every turn. I can't help but wonder if you're at all serious about concluding this agreement."

"Your servant's effrontery could not be tolerated, and your 'customs' are lewd and absurd!"

"This is exactly what I'm talking about, Princess. These insults cannot be born. If your proposal is workable, I might be persuaded to give it my blessing. If reparations are made." Trogar grinned nastily.

This won't be good, she thought. "What did you have in mind?"

"In Zentara, we have a straight forward sense of justice on these matters. You molested my servant, so you must be molested in return."

"Hah! Spare me your justifications, Your Highness. You're just looking for an excuse to paw me like some, some, lecherous monkey!" Lyriena glared at Trogar as her mind spun through scenarios on how this was going to play out. 

"I don't need any excuses, Your Highness, I've been doing that all on my own." Trogar grinned and reached out to squeeze Lyriena's small breast as his other hand groped her backside. "On the contrary, it's you who keep looking for excuses to turn me away."

"How dare you!" Lyriena drew her hand back to slap Trogar, but stopped when she saw the smug look on his face.

"I'd think twice about that if I were you. You've heard the punishment for slapping a servant; what do you think the punishment for slapping a prince is?"

Lyriena stifled a moan as the Prince squeezed her nipple and pulled it slightly while tightening his grip on her bottom. She quivered in excitement as she felt that now familiar heat building inside her again. It can't be any worse than what the bitch twins did, she thought. Besides, I only have to last one more day, and then I can meet with this Sylvia woman and see what she has to say. I can get through this.

Sensing her giving way, Trogar held her closer and guided her to the couch where he pulled her down across his lap. The orc ran his big hand over her small, rounded bottom, massaging it more gently for just a few moments before bringing his hand up and smacking it sharply.

"Ah!" Lyriena cried out, and then shot a glare at Soleil as she heard the elf giggle. She had forgotten they were even there! "You cannot seriously mean to spank me! I'm a royal Princess!"

The two elf sisters had been standing in the background quietly the whole time, but now they moved closer to observe the action. Soleil and Florette held hands as they stood at Lyriena's feet, watching as Trogar started spanking her in earnest, hitting her backside again and again.

"I can and will, unless you want to call off the negotiations right now."

The pair giggled a little louder as they watched the princess squirm and protest, making the princess flushe angrily as she heard the servants mocking her. She wanted so badly to leap from Trogar's lap and smack both their faces. But Trogar's relentless assault on her backside kept her pinned to his lap. It didn't actually hurt as much as she thought; it was mostly just humiliating. But as the abuse went on, she began to notice his hard cock rubbing against her stomach. The thick bulge of his arousal made her blush, and added to the heat already building within her. It is ridiculous how big these orcs are. Gosh, have I really made him this aroused?

Trogar grunted as he moved his hips, rubbing his hard shaft against Lyriena's body. He started to aim his spanks so that the power would make her slide against his dick, rubbing it even harder with the weight of her body. The Prince watched in satisfaction as he watched Lyriena become hot and flushed. Soon her breath was coming harder, and her golden hair begun to mat to the sides of her face as she sweated.

"I think she should have to apologize, Your Highness. She won't truly have made atonement until she does." Soleil smirked smugly at the princess.

"Never!" Lyriena spit out.

"No? It sounds like a reasonable request, but I'll tell you what; you can forgo the apology if you accept further discipline."

Further discipline? I shouldn't have to submit to your discipline at all! She screamed in her mind. I hope this Sylvia has something I can use against the prince. All I need to do is keep this charade going a little longer. Besides, what harm could a few more spanks do? It's better than apologizing. "I won't apologize! She doesn't deserve it!"

Trogar grinned happily. "I was hoping you'd say that! Girls, get her ready"

Get her ready? What does he mean by that? A moment later she found out as Florette and Soleil helped her off of Trogar's lap and led her to the large, strange object covered in a tarp. The twins began to unlace her dress as Trogar uncovered a large metal frame. "Wait, what are you doing?"

"Getting you ready, Your Highness." Florette chirped.

"Just as His Highness said. You've already been spanked, so further discipline means further punishment." Soleil grinned wickedly, to Lyriena's discomfort.

"I didn't agree to this, what further punishment?" She asked with a hint of panic in her voice. As bottom was still throbbing from the spanking, and now she was quickly finding her dress being pulled off her, leaving her naked from the waist up except for her veil and wearing only her underclothes below her hips.

Lyriena tried to move her hands to cover her breasts, but the elf twins held her wrists tightly and moved them above her head. She blushed furiously as she felt Trogar's gaze on her naked tits. To her horror, the attention made her nipples harden and poke outwards from her body. The intimacy of his hand on her bottom had already made her hot, despite the pain, and now she found that the vulnerability of her state was making her even hotter.

"Clearly a spanking isn't enough to make you see the error of your ways, Princess." Trogar stepped up to her and looked down over her exposed body. A look of satisfaction crossed his face when he saw her shiver. "But first, to better gauge how much you need to be disciplined, let's make sure you're still following all the rules." In the blink of an eye Trogar hooked his fingers through her panties and yanked them down to her knees. His big beefy fingers quickly found her shaven slit, slick with her juices, and stroked it slowly. "Very nice. I see the twins were right about this at least."

Little waves of pleasure coursed through her as the thick, firm fingers stroked her pussy. That the Prince could feel her wetness and arousal was mortifying, yet at the same time she didn't want him to stop. The pleasures that had awakened inside her were addicting, for all they embarrassed her. Lyriena was pulled from her reverie by a sudden, sharp bite across her back that made her shout out in pain. But a moment later, Trogar began rolling his finger over her clit, causing more pleasure to shoot through her.

Slender fingers sensuously fondled the straps of the cat-o-nine-tails as Soleil rolled it over her hand. She watched in pleasure as red marks formed on the princess' back. One she moaned in pleasure for the Prince, she flicked her wrist and slashed the tails across her back again, and then again.

After a nod from Trogar, Florette moved to the bed to unwrap a package that had been sitting there. She began to pull several articles of clothing and lay them out on the bed. 

Meanwhile, Lyriena was dancing in the frame, strapped to the bar and unable to escape the onslaught of pain and pleasure assaulting her body. The whipping hurt much worse than the spanking, and her smooth, soft back felt like it was on fire from the growing number of red welts decorating her previously pristine flesh.

Trogar slipped a thick finger inside Lyriena and probed deeper into her cunt. He turned and twisted the finger, grinning wickedly as Soleil forced Lyriena to jump around on it, and squeeze it firmly every time she struck her back. "Do you think we can make you cum, Lyriena?" Do you think you can let yourself cum while a serving wench whips you? Only a truly wicked, depraved Princess could do something like that."

"I don't think that will be a problem, Your Highness. Just yesterday she came simply from licking my cunt and imagining all the orc dicks that have been in there." Soleil laughed nastily and resumed whipping, hitting Lyriena's thighs and buttocks and adding to the inflamed redness already swelling there.

"Ooooooh!" Lyriena howled in pain as her abused buttocks were molested further. She tried to move away, but after being strapped to the frame she had nowhere to go. 

Even still, Trogar captured her in his arms and held her tightly, pinning her soft, white skin against his dark grey flesh. He continued to move one finger in and out of her while his other hand moved to her clit and rubbed the little button.
