 "I don't think this is a good idea, Your Highness. We shouldn't be returning to this place." Elenorei looked apprehensively at the entrance to Fairy Lights.

"Elenorei is correct, Your Highness. This is no fit place for a Princess." Goriel added as he scanned the passing crowd, alert for any potential threats to the princess. Lyriena had insisted on coming with only the captain to protect them, as she didn't want to draw any undue attention to them.

Lyriena tried not to blush as she remembered what happened here just two nights ago. "Be that as it may, it is an ideal spot for this meeting. The owner knows the contact, Elenorei's cousin can provide cover, and no one would think to look for us here. It is perfect! I just hope this Sylvia has information that can be of genuine use."

The three were met by Marietta, who hastened them through the downstairs of the inn. Fortunately, it was quiet during the day and only a few guests were eating lunch, so they did not attract much notice. Lyriena averted her eyes from Elenorei's cousin, wishing that she was wearing one of the older style veils that completely covered her face. How could she look Marietta in the eye after seeing what she'd done? 

Lyriena winced as they climbed up the inn's rickety stairs to a large suite on the third floor. Her back and bottom were incredibly sore from being whipped the night before, and ached terribly with each step she climbed. Brahm was already waiting for them, as was a pretty human woman in a modest, elegant dress. It reassured her to see that some women in this Kingdom had a sense of propriety.

"Your Highness, welcome. May I present Sylvia Morrow, niece of the previous Duke of Swetford." Brahm introduced the human woman, who smiled and curtsied gracefully.

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness. I've been looking forward to this; I think we have much to discuss."

"The pleasure is mine, Sylvia. May I introduce Goriel, the Captain of my personal guard, and Elenorei, my handmaiden." 

Elenorei and Goriel nodded respectfully to Sylvia after Lyriena introduced them, but remained mostly silent. The captain moved to guard the door and make sure no one listened in on the conversation, while Elenorei stood beside Marietta and whispered quietly.

"I do not know how much Brahm has told you of my situation, Your Highness. My uncle, Thomas, was the previous Duke of Swetford, and led the rebellion against the Queen that led to the Second Hesten War."

"I am familiar with the conflict, Sylvia. It is a shame that Queen Jeanette's irresponsible leadership was not inhibited back then." Lyriena left out that her father had given token support to the Queen rather than the rebels, though she probably didn't need to mention it to Sylvia, who seemed sharp.

"What you may not know is what happened after. The Duchy of Swetford was disbanded, and the lands seized by the crown. The Duke's family was imprisoned, and I myself taken as a hostage." Sylvia's voice tensed with emotion. "Though that is a generous term for it. The Queen 'fostered' me with a brothel, and I was trained to become a high class courtesan."

That explains how Brahm knows her, at least. She glanced at the man and blushed beneath her veil. For the moment, he seemed happy just to make introductions and facilitate the meeting, though she suspected his true price would be revealed later. Lyriena looked back to Sylvia and felt a stab of pity for the woman. A week ago she probably would have felt revulsion at being in the same room as a harlot, even a high class one. Now though, she realized she had no room to judge. "I am sorry for the treatment you have suffered under the Queen's rule. It is no surprise you seek to act against her."

"Fortunately, it has laid the seed for the Queen's own downfall. I've made myself a successful companion, Your Highness, successful enough to attract the attention of Prince Trogar." Sylvia was pleased to see the look of excitement cross Lyriena's face. She had been worried that a scrupulous princess who wasn't 'satisfying' Trogar would be hesitant to work with a courtesan, but that didn't seem like it was going to be a problem. "And the Prince has been forthcoming about his, shall we say, negotiating positions."

Would the Prince really be foolish enough to reveal sensitive negotiating information to his companion? She wondered. Of course he would; he's a brute fueled only by his baser instincts. "I, and all the Elfish Isles of Deznessuian, would appreciate any help you can provide us in resolving this dispute and would be quite grateful to any who give us aid."

"I'm glad to hear that, Your Highness, for I need something from you in return. Don't worry, it's nothing hard or costly. Just, well, perhaps a little inconvenient. You see, contrary to what you might think, the Prince needs these negotiations to conclude as quickly as possible. I need you to drag them out."

"What do you mean? He has repeatedly threatened to cut off negotiations entirely!"

"He's bluffing, Your Highness. The pressure that the Council of Guilds is exerting has been more effective than they or you have realized. The King and Queen cannot let this go on forever or they will face riots in the streets. You have the leverage here, Your Highness, not the Prince."

Despite the wondrous news, Lyriena's heart sank. All she had been through, it was for nothing? Shame flooded through her, followed by anger. That cur! How dare he trick me! Lyriena's teeth grinded together as her mind race. "I am going to kill him." 

Sylvia smiled softly. "Nothing so dramatic as that is needed. Now Your Highness, I know you're tempted to use this information against him as quickly as possible, but I would ask for some patience. Start demanding concessions, but keep the negotiations going for now."

"Why? What is it you are getting out of this, Sylvia?"

"I want to regain my position in society, Your Highness. The Queen miscalculated in my 'punishment'. She put me in a position that exposed me to many of the rich and powerful in the Kingdom. Not everyone is happy with the orcs' ascendance, and many now wish they had supported my uncle more overtly in the rebellion. Being a whore herself, the Queen should have realized how influential a position she put me in. Now that she has alienated the Council of Guilds as well, the time is right to form a coalition against her."

"What kind of coalition? You're not planning another rebellion, are you?" As much as she wanted to see the humans punished, the last thing Lyriena wanted was another war which would disrupt trade with them even more.

"No, nothing violent. That would be counterproductive. But if I can get the remaining human Duchies on my side, as well as the Council of Guilds, I believe I can force the abdication of our King and Queen for a much more suitable candidate."

I hope she doesn't mean herself. "Not yourself, I trust?" 

Sylvia laughed. "No of course not. I would be content with having my Duchy returned to me. We cannot remove the orcs without war, so the next King will have to be an orc. I'm going to push for it to be Trogar; he is next in line after all. But as King he'll need a bride, and as a Duchess I'll be suitable. With myself as Queen and the support of the Duchies and the Guild, Trogar will fall in line. For all his bluster, he is quite reasonable, for an orc."

Lyriena doubted that, But if she wants to marry him, better her than me. "I wish you the best of luck with that. I'm sure you'd make a far more dignified and able Queen than our present one. How long do you need me to continue negotiations for?"

"Give me a fortnight, Your Highness." Sylvia gave the princess a crafty smile. "Just look on the bright side; think of how much fun you'll have lording it over Trogar for a change."

****

Lyriena kicked her foot and cantered up a grassy hill towards the setting sun. Western Wind, her black stallion palfrey carried her to the crest of the hill. The princess looked out over Ruar, admiring the view. Though the city wasn't built as beautifully as Yemora, it had a vibrancy to it which her own home lacked.

She gently stroked Western Wind's neck as she rested on the horse. Learning to ride was one of the best things resulting from arriving in the city. At first she had been tentative and nervous, but she took to it naturally. She was already cantering on only her second day, and was comfortable enough to ride off from the instructor. 

A blush spread across her cheeks as she shifted atop the saddle. Since she started her lessons she finally learned the reason why people referred to mating as 'riding' sometimes. It still embarrassed her how the beast's powerful muscles between her thighs and against her privates made her feel. Still, she supposed, it was better to get those feelings from her horse than the Prince. At least Western Wind was a gentlemen.

Lyriena looked down the hill at the long shadows caused by the setting sun, a sense of satisfaction growing in her. She could see the Prince riding out to find her. She was supposed to meet with Trogar two hours ago, and he would no doubt be furious with her. Well, it was time to put this orc barbarian back in his place. Riding a horse was killing her back and bottom, but it was worth it for the chance to see the look on his face when she snubbed him.

She had worn her most conservative dress to contrast the skimpy outfit he had made her wear, and adorned herself with the finest jewelry, including the Moon of Deznessuian, so that she looked every inch a princess. When Trogar finally reached the summit, she called out to him. "Hail, Prince Trogar. It is a nice day for a ride, is it not? The sunset is truly beautiful, from up here. Perhaps it is not as pretty as from the summit of our western isles, but beautiful nonetheless." Lyriena suppressed a smirk at the look of rage on the orc's face.

"Lyriena! What are you doing? We were supposed to meet hours ago!"

"Supposed to, yes. But really, it is not necessary anymore, Your Highness. I have decided to suspend negotiations and return home. It is clear that you are not serious about this dispute, so I must find an alternative means of saving my people." Lyriena again had to suppress her smug smirk again as she delighted in the flicker of uncertainty melting away Trogar's anger.

"Giving up so soon, Your Highness? You're going to let your people starve to save your pride? I don't think so." Trogar snarled out at the elf.

"I do not expect that they will starve. My people survived for thousands of years before contact with the humans. It might be expensive, and it will certainly be painful, but we will manage. Indeed, I think it might actually be for the best; the corruption and decadence that has befallen the humans threatens to spread to Deznessuian. Better to seal ourselves off and retain our identity."

Trogar clenched his jaw. "So that's it? When will you be leaving?"

"Our ship departs tomorrow." This time Lyriena couldn't help but grin as the Prince's eyes widened in surprise. "There is no sense wasting time. I just wanted to ride out and get one last view of the city. It is going to be some time before I see it again."

"Do not be overly hasty, Your Highness. You are turning your back on prosperity for both our people." It wasn't lost on the Prince that this is nearly exactly what she had said to him.

"You have already done that, Your Highness, not I. You are the one who has altered the terms of our agreements, after all. I am merely finding a new way forward for the elfs."

"I don't believe that you mean it."

"Believe what you like, Your Highness. You will realize the truth tomorrow. I will not say that it was a pleasure to meet you, for be both know that is not true. Goodbye." Lyriena turned her horse and began to ride away.

"Wait! Your Highness, wait!" Trogar called after her, and then hurried to catch up. "Once you sail away, there is no turning back. You should take a few days to consider your options."

"I do not have a few days, Prince Trogar. My attention is needed back home, if I am to build a better future for my people."

"I did consider your proposal, Your Highness. Perhaps we can work out an interim deal while negotiations continue. One month of trade, fifty percent in gold and silver, fifty percent in trade goods, with a three percent tariff on your exports."

Lyriena paused for a moment, before slowly turning around. "One month, fifty percent in gold and silver, fifty percent in trade goods. No tariff." 

Trogar's teeth grinded together, before he spit out. "Agreed. But that is not our final position, it is only temporary while we evaluate the impact of your proposal, and it is contingent on your remaining in the city to oversee the negotiations."

"Well, Captain Goriel was looking forward to participating in tomorrow's melee. I suppose it wouldn't hurt to stay an additional day, at least. Perhaps longer, if the quality of my accommodations improves."

"What do you mean? What has been lacking?"

"The quality of the servants, for one. Soleil and Florette; I want them gone. They are wholly inadequate."

"Fine. I'm sure I can find better uses for them anyway." Trogar forced out a leering grin.

The princess tried not to blush at that. "There is one other point as well." A nasty grin formed on her lips. "Yesterday you showed me the punishment for striking a servant. Yet you yourself struck a Princess; and a visiting emissary no less. Surely that warrants a punishment as well."

"Punishment!?" Trogar blustered, "You're lucky I'm tolerating your foolishness at all!"

"Foolishness? What is foolish is expecting reasonable behavior from you. It was foolish of me to think you are taking this seriously. Good day, Your Highness." Lyriena turned to ride away again.

"Wait! What punishment do you think is appropriate?"

Lyriena turned back with a grin. "The punishment should suit the crime." She let that linger a moment as Trogar wondered how much abuse he could take. "But I am not a barbarian as you Zentarans are, nor do I believe in striking nobility. So I shall settle for an apology. A heartfelt apology, Your Highess. One that makes me believe you mean it."

Trogar looked like he was about to have an apoplexy. "I humbly apologize, Your Highness, for any insult I may have given you. I am absolutely taking these negotiations seriously, and will endeavor to see you extended full faith and credit as a foreign ambassador in the future."

"Thank you, Your Highness. I appreciate your sincerity and accept your apology. I shall stay through the melee tomorrow, and give you my decision on if negotiations are to resume. Have a good day, Your Highness." Lyriena turned her horse and cantered away, giggling to herself at the look on Trogar's face. Oh that felt good! Later her giddiness will probably give way to anger and shame over the way she'd been tricked, but for now she reveled in the victory. And she managed to do it in a way that allowed Sylvia to play her game as well.

Lyriena rejoined her retinue at the city gate and began her journey through the city back to the castle. As they proceeded through the Elfin district, however, she began to think of Fairy Lights again. She wanted to celebrate her victory, and Brahm was one of the few people who knew the entire situation. Well, Goriel and Elenorei know as well, a niggling thought murmured in the back of her mind. But the flush of success over Trogar and her brisk ride in the countryside had awoken another need inside her, one that could best be fed at the club.

The princess dismounted from her horse, and turned it over to her trainer to return to the castle stables. She bid Lorien and Elemere to accompany it, and then directed them to return to Fairy Lights and wait for her to finish her meeting. They were leery at first about leaving her, but when she assured them that Captain Goriel knew about her arrangement at the club, they departed.

Inside the club, she directed the hostess to send Brahm to her, and then took a seat to watch the performance. Once again, Marietta was gracing the stage. Does this place have no other performers? She wondered. Or does she just enjoy performing that much? The second thought was more ominous than the first.

On the stage, Marietta was completely naked; wearing not even her veil. She squatted in the middle, knees spread apart to bare her shaven, glistening pussy. Two orcs, who were also naked, stood to either side while the elf jerked their cocks. Marietta and switched back and forth between the tips of their shafts with her mouth, sucking on each one in turn.

How does she do that? Their things are so gross, they must taste terrible! But she keeps taking them deeper.

Sure enough, on stage Marietta was sliding the grey orc dicks deeper and deeper inside her mouth, coating them with her spit as she nosily slurped their twisted shafts. She stopped occasionally to slap them against her face, or rub them against her breasts to the crowd's delight.

"Hurry up! It's my turn next!"

"Cum on that bitch's face!"

"Shoot it in her hair!"

Lyriena blushed at the suggestions. Would they really shoot it on her face? She brought her gloved hand to her face, wondering what that would feel like. A moment later, Brahm joined her at the table.

"Welcome back, Your Highness. I trust everything went well with the Prince?"

"Yes, very well, thank you. You should have seen it, I nearly knocked him off his horse! I thought he was going to have a stroke. It was wondrous!"

"I'm pleased to hear it. I'm sure Sylvia will be as well." Brahm smiled as he looked over at Lyriena. From his seat he could see the performance in the background past the elfin princess, and it made for a hot tableau.

"She will have no reason to complain. I plan to postpone meeting at least until the end of the week, and then further negotiations can be dragged on indefinitely."

"Excellent. I'm always so happy when the deals I broker end to everyone's satisfaction." Brahm grinned and nodded towards the stage. "What do you think of tonight's performance? It's oral night here at Fairy Lights. In some ways it's a bit tame, but something about seeing those big grey orc cocks next to a dainty elfin face drives my customers wild." The human man held his breath as he waited to see how the princess would receive his statement.

Lyriena flushed, wanting to object but at the same time mesmerized by the picture he painted. Her gaze flickered to Marietta, and sure enough the sight of the orc's impressive members around her face did make her juices flow. "How can she do that so easily? I would imagine that it tastes horrible."

"Have you been imagining it much?" He joked, grinning as Lyriena blushed a little deeper beneath her veil. "I couldn't tell you for sure, I can only tell you what the girls tell me. They say it's an acquired taste, and even then, in the heat of the moment, with the sensuality and sexuality drowning out their minds, they don't even notice it, but simply revel in raw ecstasy of the moment."

A tremor shook through the princess as she considered that. The words he used conjured butterflies in her belly and locked her gaze onto the stage for Marietta's performance. She had wondered what it would taste like. She had seen Marietta do it that first night, and then watched both the twins worship Trogar's cock on the day of their first meeting. Could it really not be as bad as she thought? It was certainly an arousing image.

"I had wondered what it would be like. Do men enjoy it very much? More so than a woman's hand, or her sex?"

"Sometimes, Your Highness. Though it is not as simple as that. A lot of it has to do with the situation. But sometimes, yes." Brahm pursed his lips as he watched Lyriena thoughtfully.

On the stage, Marietta began to dive deeper and deeper on the orc's cocks. Soon they were pushing into her throat as she slid down the length. The elf woman bobbed off on and on to the other, back and forth again and again as the crowd roared in delight.
