 Lyriena flushed in pleasure as Eastern Wind galloped between her thighs. Didn't the humans realize how sexual riding a horse was? Of course they did, they are practically sex demons themselves, she thought. Her daily riding lessons were the best part of her journey to Ruar, though to be truthful they weren't really lessons anymore. Lyriena leaned forward and pressed herself against the Stallion's strong neck as she neared the top of the hill.

Things were finally starting to look up. Preparations had begun to send the first trade ship to the Deznessuian, and she had conveyed export orders to the mines and silk farms, which had languished from the lack of trade. It might only be temporary, but putting people back to work would lift the spirits of her people.

She was so optimistic that she wasn't even disappointed when Amelie told her that she had to leave the city.

"My father has called me back home." Amelie had said. "He said there is tension on the border between Heste and the Catabrian Tribes, and he wants the Falcon Guard there as a deterrent. But really, I don't think he was pleased with my suggestion of mediating the dispute. He doesn't want Thesta to be involved. I'm terribly sorry."

"It is alright, Amelie," she had told the Princess Knight, "I have managed to gain the upper hand in the negotiations. Things are proceeding very favorably now. I appreciate everything you've done and hope that I have not caused too many difficulties with your father."

"Not at all. I'm departing in two days, so I hope to have the chance to speak with you again before I take my leave. Maybe we could have dinner?"

"That sounds lovely. I am busy tonight, but I would love to meet with you tomorrow." She said. They had agreed to meet the following night. She would have been willing to do it tonight, but she was due to meet with Sylvia again and that had to take precedence. Apparently the courtesan had moved her own plot forward and had important information to share. Lyriena was supposed to meet with her two hours after sundown at Faerie Lights.

When Elenorei and her guards caught up with her, she began to descend down the other side of the hill, which overlooked the Boronian forest. Deep orange rays from the setting sun behind her cast down the tree tops, making them seem to glow with a fiery heat. Looking at the effect made her wish she had a mirror; she must paint quite the picture with the blazing ball of fire forming a halo around her golden head and reflecting off the jewels of her tiara.

"Have you had any luck persuading Marietta to find more respectable work?" She asked her handmaiden.

"No; I don't understand it, but she seems to enjoy working at that place. She says she is happy, and she certainly looks it, but how can that be? How can she be so satisfied performing lewd acts with orcs on a stage every night?" Elenorei's cheeks flushed slightly as she answered. They both knew the answer to that question.

Lyriena had certainly learned about the seductive pleasures that such naughty things could bring. "What will you tell your aunt and uncle when we return to Yemora?"

"I don't know. I can't very well tell them that their daughter is an erotic performer for humans and orcs, can I?"

"Perhaps you can say she found a family here. It would be true, in a way." Lyriena bit her lip softly as Elenorei said nothing.

It was almost time to return to the city and go to Faerie Lights. She wanted to get there early, so she could enjoy its entertainments. Not the special booths again; that was quite fun, but her jaw was still a little sore. It had been a fascinating experience, but next time she wanted to practice in a more intimate setting. Someplace she could focus on quality over quantity.

Lyriena leaned forward and pressed herself to her horse's neck. "Before I came here I promised myself not to succumb to the decadence of the city" she whispered to the stallion. "I have not done a very good job of that, have I? But that was the foolish promise of a virgin. I never would have imagined it would be so enjoyable." She raised her hand, bringing Datoran's engagement ring to her lips. "But I cannot let myself go too far. Some things should be kept for my husband."

Lyriena pulled back on the rains as someone stepped out from the forest. It was a bearded man, burly and common looking with deep black hair. "Greetings, Your Highness! May I have a moment of your time?"

Her guards moved forward to stand between her and the stranger. "What can I do for you, sir?"

"I've come with a message of apology, Your Highness."

"From whom? Prince Trogar?"

"No Your Highness, from King Henry Ousten of Heste."

She tightened her grip on the reins and got ready to flee while her guards tensed up and stepped closer to the man.

"Wait, please Your Highness, hear me out. King Henry regrets what happened on the high seas. It is vitally important that you don't reach an agreement with the orcs, and he didn't think you would listen to him." 

The man sounded remorseful, but she couldn't really be sure. "He regrets it? Three of my guards died. Another will be crippled for the rest of his life. This wasn't a simple mistake, it was an act of war!"

He flinched at the princess' anger. "There are bigger things at stake than the lives of the men who died in that battle. We lost people as well, men with wives and children to provide for. The time to stand against the orcs is now. They've impoverished your people, thrown them into hardship and deprivation because they want to bring your Kingdom into heel. You can't want that."

"I want my people to be safe, happy, and prosperous. Restoring trade relations between us and Zentara will do that." Her reply wasn't convincing even to herself; it was clear that what Trogar really wanted was to be the King of Deznessuian. Still, with Sylvia's help she would prevent that and get the trade she needed.

"Queen Jeanette will not be satisfied until her children sit on every throne in the Western Kingdoms, including your own." He smiled knowingly at Lyriena's look of discomfort. "You know that I'm right. This dispute isn't about trade, it's about forcing you into a marriage with the Prince, and that will mean the slavery of your people. Just look at what happened to my people and you'll see the future."

"Many of your own lords still rule their lands, even if your King is now an orc."

"Maybe, for now. But how long will that last? In Zentara, you can already see the lords being replaced by orcs, either from having their lands confiscated or through marriage. It will happen in Heste, and it will happen in the Elfish Isles unless you join us." The man seemed much more sure about his words now.

"So what do you propose then?"

"Marry my King, the true King. If you ally with him, then we'll be able to reclaim his throne and turn the tide against the orcs."

"My people cannot put your lord on the throne. We do not have the men or ships needed to defeat the combined might of Zentara and Heste." 

The man shook his head. "Not now, but in time. The northern lords of Heste will join us, and in time, we can bring Thesta and Sandora around as well. With King Henry's ships, we can open a northern trade route to Thesta that will tie them to us, and pull them away from the orcs."

Was it possible? Cutting out Ruar from the trade could only benefit her people. "Maybe, but the King of Thesta will never go to war. He is too old. Princess Knight Amelie might, but who knows when she will take the throne? My people need relief now."

"Relieving your people today and dooming them tomorrow is no mercy, Your Highness. There will not be a trade deal with the orcs, Prince Trogar will string you along until he has you trapped."

"Thank you for the advice, sir, but I know things you do not. I have a plan, and it is already working; and I cannot overlook the violence of your Master. He tried brute force and it failed. Perhaps this is just a new way of getting what he wants?" She shook her head. "No. I will go my own way. Good day, sir!" She turned her horse and quickly galloped away in case the man tried to stop her.

It was already nearing sundown, and she needed to get to Faerie Lights so she could enjoy the club a little before Sylvia arrived. Hopefully her encouraging news would settle any doubt the Hesten man instilled.

Faeirie Lights was especially busy tonight. The club was bursting with people, and there was even a line at the door! She wanted to send Lorien and Elemere back to the castle with her horse, but she wasn't sure it was a good idea to wait around outside without protection. Fortunately the Hostess was looking for her, and signaled for her to jump in line.

"Bring Eastern Wind back to the stable and then return. I will likely still be meeting with my contact, so wait for me downstairs."

"Gladly Your Highness!" Lorien and Elemere seemed all too happy to wait for her.

As they walked away snickering to each other, the princess blushed hotly. She could guess why they were so glad to come back and wait. Would they go to the gloryhole room again? Maybe they would look for the elf that sucked their members last time? Little did they know it was their princess that did it. What would they say if they knew?

"You should go as well, Elenorei. You don't want to see what Marietta will do tonight."

"Are you sure, Your Highness?" She looked worried to be leaving Lyriena alone, but also grateful for the opportunity not to enter the seedy place.

"Yes, I'll be fine. I'm beginning to fit right in here." She blushed at how that came out. "It will be ok. I will see you tonight." When Elenorei left, she entered the club.

Despite the crowd filling the room, a table had been set aside for her towards the back, but with an unobstructed view of the stage. Clearly Brahm had taken careful consideration to find the best spot to put her. Once she was seated, it didn't take long for the owner to appear with a bottle of wine and a glass for her. She blushed as he approached. How was she going to be able to look him in the eye after last time? He knew that she knelt in the dirty little stall and sucked on strange men's penises.

"Welcome, Your Highness. Oh excuse me, I didn't mean to say that so loudly. Maybe I should call you something else while you're here? I don't want to attract attention." The man spoke genially, and with a bit of familiarity. After all, he had coached her on giving blowjobs and had his hands in her dress.

"I suppose you can call me Lyriena while I am in the public areas of the club."

"Are you sure you want to use your real name? A little more anonymity might be advised."

That was a good point. "You can call me Amerei then." A moment later she regretted it. What possessed her to use her mother's name? But it was the only one she could think of on the spot.

"Amerei? How lovely. Maybe I can call you Ami for short. You came on a good night, Ami, tonight we're having a very special event."

"I noticed that the crowd seemed unusually large tonight, Brahm. What is going to happen?" What sort of wicked, depraved thing could generate this much excitement among the jaded audience of a sex club? She thought, after all her experiences in Ruar this week that she couldn't be surprised, but she was wrong.

"It's an insemination party." Brahm smiled as he watched the princess freeze. "Always a big draw. One of our girls is ovulating, and is willing to risk getting impregnated by the crowd."

Lyriena's heart stopped. Surely he was joking; no elf would willingly subject herself to that, would she? But apparently it was so, and she had a sinking feeling she knew who it was. "That is, well, incredible. I do not understand. Why would anyone subject themselves to raising a bastard child with no idea who the father is?"

"It's exciting, and dangerous in a sexy way. You understand the secret thrill of challenging convention, don't you? Besides, she'll be able to maintain her employment here. A lot of men enjoy watching a pregnant woman do lewd acts. And we help care and pay for the child as well. The burden less than most."

"W-who will be performing tonight?" She asked tremulously.

"Our current favorite, Marietta; your handmaiden's cousin." Brahm smiled wickedly as he reached over to steady Lyriena's shaking hand. His rough fingers stroked over her knuckles as she moved his chair closer. "Do you want to hear how it will work?"

A part of her did, though it shamed her to admit it. Her eyes drifted to the stage, where servants were already setting up for the performance. Was Marietta really going to go through with it? She could never go home if she did. How could she be accepted with a half-orc bastard? "Yes, tell me how it is done."

"It's actually a little bit of a game. We have 100 donors selected: 60 orcs, 30 humans and 10 elfs. So don't get too worried, it's possible she'll walk away with an elf child in her womb."

"100 men! 100 men are going to sleep with her?" Lyriena asked in shock. How could she stand it? She'd be ripped in two!

Brahm laughed a bit and refilled Lyriena's glass. "No, they won't all fuck her. We'd be here all week for that. No, the men draw lots, and 10 winners are selected. They get to fuck her. The other 90 spill their seed in a bucket, and, well, you'll see. The show is going to start soon."

Lyriena felt sick; for a moment she thought that she might actually vomit. 90 orcs, humans, and elfs milking themselves into a bucket? Then what? Do they make her take a bath in it? The pungent smell would be overwhelming! 

Despite her disgust, Lyriena's rapt attention was held on the stage. A thunderous applause arose as Marietta walked out, already naked. The princess shook her head as Marietta smiled and waved, displaying her charms fully to the crowd before climbing onto the table. 

"Thank you everyone for coming to my impregnation party. I've been looking forward to this for weeks now, waiting for my most fertile day to take all your hot virile seed. Good luck to everyone, and to your seed as it tries to fertilize me!"

The table was lower to the ground than normal, so the delta between her thighs would be in line with the waists of her orc lovers. Lyriena craned her neck to see who was in line, whether it was all orcs or if there were humans and elfs too. Unfortunately, the line was hidden behind a stage, so she couldn't see who was waiting. The crowd itself seemed very diverse, as men and even some women from all the races tried to watch the unnatural impregnation.

"I still do not understand. Why would Marietta agree to this? Why would she want to be impregnated with some stranger's baby?"

"It's the thrill of violating a taboo. It's reveling in an ultimate depredation. I don't think I can explain it any further. But maybe I could try to show you?" Brahm looked over at the princess with a mischievous grin.

"Show me? How? Not by impregnating me, I hope." She laughed nervously, but all the same a shiver ran down her spine as she imagined returning to the Elfish Isles pregnant with some human's love child.

"Heh, you'll have to trust me. Don't worry, you won't get ruined." Brahm extended his hand and guided Lyriena into his lap. He smiled in satisfaction as the princess settled onto his legs. He could feel her pert, toned ass pressing into his cock, which started to stiffen in response. He wrapped his arms around her sides, and gently played with the laces in the front of her dress as he stroked up the silken material.

On stage, the first winner, an orc, was entering Marietta. Her hips had been propped up by a pillow to prevent any of the seed from leaking out of her once he finished. The orc, whose name was never announced to keep everything anonymous, wasted no time in thrusting into her. He immediately set about with a fast pace, racing towards climax to allow the next man a chance.

"There are girls back stage with the winners, using their mouths to keep them ready for their turn. We don't want a long production here. In, out, in, and make your deposit." Brahm slowly unlaced the front of Lyriena's dress and slipped his hands inside to cup her small breasts. Her nipples were already hard, and throbbed against his fingers as he caught the nubs between them and squeezed.

"Ooooh..." Lyriena moaned as she felt the human's rough fingers pinching her nipples. She closed her eyes and remembered the dicks she sucked the last time she was here. How they tasted, how they felt in her mouth, the smell of them. Right now there were more elfin women on their knees sucking a variety of penises not even 50 paces away. She clamped her thighs together at a sudden urge to join them, but quickly suppressed it. Now was not the time to indulge in that wicked little fantasy again.

With a roar, the orc shot his load deep into Marietta to the delight of the crowd. He was quickly replaced by another orc who began to hump the diminutive elfin woman. "Now the betting begins. Of course, it's going to be a while before we know who wins, but that doesn't stop them from betting! 

Obviously orcs are the favorite for the father, but there are human elitists who always bet human, and then the truly desperate who bet elf hoping for a big win."

She thought about the big, thick, creamy loads that the orcs shot on her face and in her mouth and compared them to the small watery loads of Lorien and Elemere. Orcs would definitely be the safe bet. Lyriena felt Brahm's cock stiffen beneath her, and began to grind her hips, rocking against it as she stroked it through his pants with her bottom. "W-where do you even come up with this? It never would have occurred to me in a hundred years to do something so wicked!"

"It started with betting on whether the Queen's next child would be a boy or a girl. When she stopped pushing out princes and princesses people needed something to bet on. First it was just human women, but with all the elfs moving into the city recently that was just a natural progression." He answered with a laugh.

Brahm started to move his hips up against Lyriena's gyrating bottom. "But that's not what you wanted to know. You wanted to know why she would let this happen. You wanted to know how the danger could be alluring, right?" He nuzzled the back of Lyriena's pointed ear as he massaged her breasts, helping to pull her body tighter against his crotch as they rubbed together.

"Ah, yes..." Heat was already beginning to flow through her body as the intimacy with the human stirred her loins. His words, his touch, the lewd situation on the stage were all working together to moisten her sex and fan the flames of her arousal. Lyriena began to breathe faster as she rocked her hips, deliberately grinding his cock up and down, stroking it as if it were in her hand with the weight of her backside.

"Making a child is one of the most intimate of acts, usually reserved for two people who love each other. So why turn away from that?" Brahm moved one hand off her breast and slid it between her thighs. He cupped her pubic mound and pressed the fabric of her panties against her labia. He rubbed her slit, making her shudder in pleasure as she worked his shaft. "Being a bad girl is fun. Giving in to your baser nature, your primal instincts. Look at her," Brahm nodded towards the stage, "she's giving in to her animal instincts. She's embracing the beast inside her."

On the stage Marietta was grunting gutturally as she thrust her hips upwards into the orc. Her back was arched as she roiled in pleasure, pumping her hips into the thick cock spearing inside her. "Yes! Fuck me! Breed me! Ah! Make me pregnant! Give me a baby please!"

Lyriena trembled as she listened to Marietta beg to be bred. Was she really begging to be treated like livestock and bred at an owner's will? Was she really an animal giving into her instincts? The thought troubled Lyriena and what it meant for herself. She had certainly done things beyond the social pale since coming here, and was likely to do more as she explored her sexuality. Was it a slippery slope towards ultimate corruption?
