 The sun began to dip below the horizon as Lyriena rode towards the hill outside the city. She tightened her legs around Eastern Wind and hugged herself closer to his thick neck. The skimpy red dress that Trogar forced her to wear didn't do much to conserve her body heat, especially not as autumn approached. Fortunately, her stallion provided all the warmth she needed. I just have to hold him close; but better my Eastern Wind than that foul pig, Trogar.

Unfortunately, riding so close to the stallion made her look rather ridiculous and lewd as she cuddled up to the horse while trying to ride out of the city. The crowds after the joust were thick and she had to maneuver, prod and walk Eastern Wind through the crowd. Lyriena's pride burned and she was anxious to exit the city as she felt exposed like some harlot on a pedestal...she was a royal princess not some slut to be ogled. In addition to not being meant for cold weather, her dress was absolutely not meant for riding in. The hemline on the dress reached only her mid thigh when she was standing. Astride a horse it rose nearly up to her hips. Both her thighs were on full display, and she had to continuously adjust the skirt to keep from flashing her bottom at the gawking onlookers.

Then there was the fact that her low-cut dress caused much of her chest and the insides of her breasts to touch directly to her stallion's neck as she pressed against him. She winced as her pierced nipples were still sore and her breasts periodically bumped against Eastern Wind as she galloped. She swore under her breath at Prince Trogar for marring her breasts and the embarrassment she felt with the ringed rubies hanging and swinging and keeping her nipples erect and hard...the bastard will pay for this someday... The cadence of the horse's steps kept her in continuous motion. When she wasn't adjusting the skirt of the dress she was addressing the front of it to keep her tits from falling out. She wasn't always successful either, and she had to suffer the leering grins of more than one commoner as he caught a flash of her breast or ass and their disgusting comments as she hurried past still rung in her ears and burned her pride.

But the worst part was how the leather of the saddle rubbed against her slit through the thin fabric of her panties as she straddled her stallion. I did not mind it so much when I was riding by myself, she thought, but I would rather not have these peasants seeing the flushed look on my face as I am falling out of this ill made scrap of cloth.

At least her guards and servants weren't here to witness her exposure and humiliation. She managed to give them the slip again after returning to the castle. It is a little ridiculous actually; they are supposed to be watching over me but they never see me vanish. 

Matters weren't any better once she left the city. While she no longer had to worry about exposing herself to lowbred onlookers, there was now nothing to distract her from imagining what Trogar had planned for her. Outside the city, away from onlookers and her guards anything was possible. Was he going to claim her maidenhead? The thought sent a shudder through her. I would rather give it to Eastern Wind!

Instead of lingering on what the orc Prince had planned for her, she tried to think of how she could get out of the hole she found herself in. All her hopes had been pinned on Sylvia, and now that option was gone. She didn't even know what happened to Sylvia herself, and that was the most terrifying thought. How could she just be made to disappear? Aren't her clients wondering what happened to her?

She tried to focus on the more pressing subject: how to regain the upper hand on Trogar. Whether Sylvia is here or not, the fact remains: his economic embargo is a bluff. Yes, he now has the threat of war to hold over me, but you cannot keep your finger on the trigger of a crossbow forever. He has to either fire or not. He does not want to go to war, so really, we are at an impasse. As long as I don't directly defy him, I can still negotiate an advantageous deal for Deznessuian, even if it means I have to sacrifice my body to his pleasure for the time being.

As Lyriena ascended the hill, she spotted another rider winding around the side of the hill towards her. Is that Trogar? No, it cannot be, not from that direction. As the rider came around a burst of light exploded from him. A knight in armor. Rays from the setting sun reflected off his chain shirt and metal helm. When the rider got closer she recognized the sigil on his shield, or rather, the lack of one. The mystery knight from the tournament. What is he doing out here? She slowed Eastern Wind and quickly and unsuccessfully tried to adjust her dress and hair to be more presentable.

The knight raised his hand in salute. "Good evening, Your Highness."

"Good evening, Sir. Congratulations on your victory." Her smile turned to a blush as she remembered the token bestowed upon the knight. Does he have the Queen's undergarment on him now? Is that what he was doing out here?

"Thank you, Your Highness. It does me great honor that you should recognize me."

"You jousted well, though to be fair I have little knowledge of such things." Lyriena studied the knight's features through the open helm. He was young and still in his prime, but old enough to be seasoned. His face was concealed by a bushy blonde beard, but she could still make out his dark eyes. They were striking, but there was also something malevolent in them. No, not malevolent, not cruel. But there is something there. He's a killer, she thought, this man has seen war. But there is something in his voice, something familiar.

"Never say so, Your Highness. Although I know horses are uncommon in your lands, you ride like a natural. I would assume you've been riding all your life."

"No, not at all. Really, I have only been a horse few days at best. But I do find that I have taken to it naturally. Do you think it odd that I should have such an affinity for the beast?"

"Many people have such an affinity, Your Highness. It is a sign of kindness and gentleness of heart." His eye drew up on her skimpy dress and firm, pierced nipples. "Forgive my forwardness, Your Highness, but you look cold. Would you like my cloak?"  

At least some knights in this land are gentlemen. In Deznessuian it would be scandalous to wear the cloak of a man I am not related to or betrothed to. Datoran would be shocked were he to see it, and how long do I have until the Prince arrives? Lyriena looked back towards the city, by Trogar was not yet anywhere in sight. "Thank you sir, I should be pleased to wear your cloak."

The knight removed his garment and passed it to the princess, who wrapped it about herself gratefully. "Much better, Your Highness. If you'll forgive my forwardness, the Zentaran fashion does not become you." He paused a moment. "Not that you aren't beautiful and well figured; but you are a Princess and a woman of grace. You deserve the finest dresses, not Zentaran scraps."

Zentaran scraps? He does not seem fond of his people's garments, nor his Queen's fashion. "Believe me, I am regretting honoring the Zentaran custom, especially with the weather turning colder. But I am surprised to hear you say so, especially having one so many of your Queen's 'favors'". 

The knight looked disgusted. "It is shameful. In my father's time such a thing would never have been permitted. They say the Queen was a graceful Princess once; who knows what happened to her? I should not like the same thing to befall you, Your Highness, but I fear it will if you stay in Ruar much longer."

"My people are in trouble, and I can best save them here. I wish I could leave; I miss my home, and my father. But I cannot leave until I have resolved this dispute with your Queen." And her son, she thought.

The knight looked at her for a long time, a pensive look on his face. "There is another way, Your Highness. The Zentarans aren't going to save your people. They are the ones dooming them, dooming all of us."

The Zentarans? I thought he was one of their knights. Who is he? "That may be so, but I have to try. There are no other options."

"That's not true, Your Highness. There is another way. Come with me, and I will show you."

"Go with you? I do not even know who you are, sir, nor can I imagine how a knight would be able to save my Kingdom." If he even is a knight. But for the first time since Sylvia disappeared, she began to feel hopeful again. Was this her next play? 

"Does it matter? I'm offering you a way out, a way out that doesn't end up with you being Trogar's whore. Take it, please." 

She looked into his eyes, which seemed sincere. He meant it. She wanted to believe him, wanted to believe that he had a way out. But she couldn't trust in her hopes, and she certainly couldn't trust in a stranger. "It matters. I have learned not to trust anyone. For all I know, you are working for the Prince, or the Queen, or her shadow or whomever."

The knight clenched his jaw, his look getting harder as he stared at the princess again. Lyriena watched the wheels turn in his mind. Where have I heard that voice before? And then it came to her, and she tightened her grip on her reins.

He watched understanding and recognition dawn on her face. With a sigh, he finally answered. "You're right; you know who I am. King Henry Ousten of Heste at your service, Princess Lyriena Eomowien. Now will you come with me?"

"You tried to kidnap me! You killed my men!" For a moment she wished she had a hand crossbow like the Queen so she could shoot him right here.

"Yes, I did. I didn't think you would listen to reason. You weren't ready to hear the truth; but you are now. Queen Jeanette wants the throne of the Elfish Iles, and she's using Prince Trogar to get it. First Heste, then the Elfish Isles, and after that, Thesta and Sandora. She won't be satisfied until her Abyssal brood is sitting on every throne and overrunning every Kingdom."

Would she have listened to him? She didn't know, but it didn't matter. She should have had the choice, and he killed her people. "I have spent the last weeks with them, celebrating their victory over your people. The Princess-Knight was there too. I have seen her with them, and with their King. They fought together, and he will not betray her."

"He's an orc, he'll betray her. But say he doesn't, say he really is a noble, honorable king. What about his mother? Jeanette is the one who truly rules Zentara, and Heste as well and she will do whatever it takes. You think this is about a trade dispute? For every gold mark that leaves Zentara for the Isles a hundred come in from Thesta, Sandora, and Heste. That was a ruse to get you here, and they won't let you leave until you're his."

"Your servant already told me this. Though that maybe the prince's wish it will never be true and his fantasies do not change anything. I am sorry, Your Highness, but one ship is not enough to revive my kingdom's economy and put my people to work."

"Maybe not, but it will only a single ship at first. With successful voyages, more ships can be purchased or built. You just need to have some patience and I will free you from dependence on the orcs." 

Lyriena sighed despondently. "My people don't have time for patience. You have been to the city; you have seen what is becoming of them."

"That will be your fate if you linger here. If Trogar has convinced you to wear that dress publicly then I would wager he's importuned you even more privately. Don't fall into his trap. We can work it out together."

The truth of his words made her flinch. He didn't know the half of what the Prince had made her do. "The first trade ship has already departed. It isn't much, but it is something. The embargo against my Kingdom is a bluff. The Guild of Merchants are already pressuring the Queen to end it. It is only a matter of time before they give in, I just have to wait."

"That's even better, Your Highness. If we marry then they will have lost the prize. There will be no point in continuing the boycott, while there would be many good reasons to end it."

"The orcs already suspect me of fomenting rebellion. If I marry 'the King of Heste in exile' it will be further proof. There won't be any avoiding war, then." In a way, she hoped that he had an answer for her. She still desperately wanted an out from her situation. But was marrying a human king worth it? She glanced at her ring and thought of dutiful Datoran. He probably would want her to marry a human if it meant saving the Isles. And better a human than an orc, right?

"Not necessarily, Your Highness, not if it means further disrupting the trade and alienating Thesta and Sandora. Besides, there is a way." Henry chuckled to himself. "I'm a pirate king, remember? We'll say I kidnapped you and forced the marriage. Then it won't be your fault and the elfs will be blameless."

That might actually work, she thought. "That...that is not a bad idea, Your Highness. But won't they just demand your head? Husband or no, if we harbor you there will be war."

"But you won't be harboring me, Your Highness. I'll be on the seas, working to create new trade with Thesta, not in the Elfin court where it would cause tensions with the Queen. Whether the trade between you and Zentara resumes, Thesta will still want their own access to your market." Henry smiled triumphantly. "It's perfect. Say yes, Your Highness. Say you'll marry me."

This was all so sudden. Could she really do this? What would her father say? Would he approve? What sort of husband would he be? Agreeing to marry him would eventually mean war to put him back on the throne. But he was right; if the disgusting pig Trogar did want to marry her she would be little more than his plaything. She could see now that the orcs wouldn't stop, no matter what happened, until they controlled her Kingdom. "Yes, Your Highness, Yes, I'll marry you. Assuming my father approves, but yes."

A smile of relief spread across Henry's face. "Thank you, Your Highness. You've made the right decision." He chuckled softly and reached out to grab the reins of Eastern Wind. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to kidnap you." With a grin, he began to lead her down to the Boronian Forest.

"If we're to be married you may call me Lyriena."

"Lyriena then, and I'm Henry of course."

"Thank you Henry. If you don't mind, I do have a few questions."

"Naturally." He answered good naturedly.

"How are you going to get me out of Zentara? And how will we let people know what's happened? When will we be married?"

"As soon as possible, this is a kidnapping and a forced marriage, after all. I have people in the forest, and my ship is hidden in a cove a few days ride down the shore. We'll push hard, and then sail for the Elfish Isles."

"Deznessuian" she said, "the proper name for my Kingdom is Deznessuian."

"Deznesswean, then. Do you think we'll have any problem with your current fiancé?"

"Datoran? I do not think so. He will do what's best for our people. He is a powerful Duke in my Kingdom, but he will make a good ally." It would be awkward for him to bless the marriage, and to help make people accept it, but she thought he would. Dutiful Datoran. She looked down at her ring again. I suppose I should take it off, now that he is no longer my fiancé she thought. But something kept her from doing it. 

"Good good." He smiled at Lyriena pleasantly. "I'm sure your father will bless the marriage upon reaching him, especially when he learns of the alternative."

He seemed perfectly courteous, and had all the right answers, but Lyriena couldn't help but think his demeanor had cooled once he got her assent. Even still, he couldn't possibly be worse than Prince Trogar. And even a cordial marriage would be about what she could expect from Datoran. "Can we not wait until we reach Deznessuian to marry?"

"It is a long, uncertain journey Lyriena. Many things could happen, including being intercepted by Zentaran ships. The sooner we are married, the better."

"I suppose you will want to consummate the marriage as well?" She asked somewhat sarcastically, but with a hint of anticipation as well. What sort of lover would he be? Not cruel and twisted like the Prince. But more enthusiastic than Datoran. Would he assert his privileges in a way that the Duke never did?

His eyes wandered over Lyriena's form again. While his cloak shielded much of her upper body it did not cover the creamy thighs flexing around the horse's body. "Of course. Once it is consummated it cannot be so easily undone." He paused, and then seemed to catch himself. "Forgive me Lyriena, I did not mean to sound so...pragmatic. You're a beautiful woman. It is not just duty that would compel me to consummate the marriage." He reached over and ran the leather of his glove of her exposed thigh.

Her lips curled into a smile as she felt the strong hand on her leg. "That is reassuring, Henry." She opened her mouth to continue, but thought better of it. He wouldn't want to hear about how visiting Ruar has made me eager to explore the marriage bed, not if I judge him right. She watched him for a while as they rode. Though he will be pleased to have a lusty wife, he will be more pleased to have a virginal one. She chuckled softly to herself. Perhaps that makes me the perfect match for him after all.

"Are you confident enough to gallop, Lyriena? We should make haste; Trogar will soon notice you're not waiting for him."

"I should be alright, at least for a while. But I have never ridden in the dark."

"It will be alright with my own mount to guide yours. Come, let us hurry then." The pair broke into a gallop and rode silently down a trail in the forest. It was already starting to darken, and soon she wouldn't be able to see the trail.

After riding for a while in silence she asked, "How long do you think it will take for them to notice that I am gone?"

"They will have noticed by now, unless I miss my guess. But do not worry, my dear. We'll be with my men soon, and safe on my ship before you know it." 

"It is fortunate that you came along when you did, Henry."

"Why is that, Lyriena?" Henry asked.

"Things were getting worse in the city. I had an ally, who was passing me along information. Unfortunately, she was discovered and Prince Trogar was using that fact to further blackmail me."

"I'm sorry to hear that. But I am impressed you managed to recruit an ally with such valuable information so quickly. It took me much longer to find someone in Greenthorn Castle to aid in my cause."

Lyriena smiled at the compliment. "Maybe so, but you also have a price on your head, which complicates things I'm sure. Besides, I cannot take too much, or really, any of the credit. Sylvia reached out to me."

"Sylvia of Swetford? The niece of the last Duke of Swetford?" Henry asked with more interest.

"Yes, she is the one." Lyriena sighed. "She had a plan to regain her family's honor and titles, but that is all gone now. I was supposed to meet with her to discuss further strategy, but all I found was the Queen's Shadow and a puddle of blood."

"So you didn't see a body? She could still be alive?"

"It was a lot of blood, Henry. Did you know her?" He seemed far too interested in the Sylvia's fate. The last thing she wanted was to find out her new fiancée was pining for a dead courtesan. 

"No, though I did know her uncle. Sylvia is the rightful Duchess of Swetford. Queen Jeanette abolished the Duchy as an example to the other Dukes. But it unsettled them, and Sylvia could have been a rallying point for resistance. I had hoped ally with her in the war to come."

"Sylvia thought something similar. She thought with her contacts she could secure support among the Eight Duchies and the Council of Merchants to force the Queen's abdication and reinstate her as the Duchess when she married Prince Trogar." Lyriena gave Henry a look after the would-be king scoffed. You do not think she had the influence?"
