 Lyriena paced back and forth anxiously. She was embroiled in the midst of a storm of uncertain emotions. On the one hand, she wanted Henry's contact to find her so she could continue with her plan to be away from this place. On the other, she was tempted by Trogar's offer; both to satisfy her own sexual curiosity but also to wreak revenge on that sow, Soleil.

She didn't know which she wanted more. Siding with Henry would likely lead to war, while staying in the city meant she might still negotiate a peace. But the latter choice was questionable. If Henry was right, then there wouldn't be any settlement short of marrying the orc, and that she couldn't stand. She might countenance 'exploring' with him, but she had no interested in being wedded to him for the rest of her life.

"You shouldn't pace so much, Your Highness. You'll put yourself into a fit and we can't have that. You need to put on a strong front for the humans." And the orcs, but that was left unsaid.

"How am I supposed to do that, Elenorei? We have been here a week and accomplished nothing!"

"That's not true. After all, you've secured two months of shipments to the isles. That will put food on the tables of countless elfin families. You should be proud! Another week or two like this and you'll have set everything right for sure."

The thought of spending another two weeks in this place made her want to vomit. But there was still a little part of her that was curious. She had come so far, or rather, fallen so far in just one week. She went from being a naïve maiden to sucking off strange penises in a sex club and climaxing from being whipped and trained like a pony. What would she look like in another week? Or two? The thought sent a shiver down her spine.

Before she could respond, the door to her suite opened and Elemere poked his head in. "Your Highness, one of the Queen's footmen is here with a message."

"Send him in then." She forced a smile to her guard to cover up the lingering embarrassment of having sucked his dick, even though he didn't know it.

A moment later the older looking footmen who had accompanied Jeanette to the jousting tournament entered the room carrying a small box. "Your Highness, I come with a gift from the Queen, to show recompense for allowing you to be captured by the brigand."

"That is" she paused a moment to think of the right word; she shouldn't be showing gratitude, that would look weak, "appropriate." She crossed the room to take the small box from the man. To her surprise, he didn't immediately withdraw, but lingered as if waiting for a message to take back. She left him waiting, and placed the box on the table and opened it. "Elenorei, should you not be checking in on Marietta? If things continue to go well we could be leaving the city soon, and it would be best if she came with us."

"I've been spending too much time there, Your Highness, and not enough time serving you. I've been lax in my duties with nothing to show for it. Marietta doesn't seem any more inclined to leave with us now than she did when we first arrived. Less so, actually." Elenorei hesitated for a moment. "She believes she's pregnant, Your Highness, and she doesn't know who the father is." The handmaiden lowered her head in shame.

Lyriena should have expected that; after all, she was there at the conception. "Even still, I would like you to try again. I shall be alright here for the time being. I will be meeting with Prince Trogar again soon, and you know he prefers the negotiations to be done in secret." As do I, at least, I do under the Prince's conditions. The last thing I want is for Elenorei to realize I am almost as bad as her cousin, she thought.

"Well, if you insist, Your Highness." Elenorei didn't look convinced, or enthusiastic, but she still left to follow the princess' command.

When the door closed behind Elenorei, Lyriena turned back to the footman and lifted a gold statue of a lion from the box. The beast was expertly wrought in an aggressive stance, with its mouth wide open in a fierce roar. Blood red rubies were set into each eye, which seemed to glisten menacingly.

"A 'lion of Heste', Your Highness. If you'll forgive me, it's not just a gift, but a message from the Queen. This was taken as a trophy from their capital at the end of the last war. It is a reminder of the fate of those who oppose Zentara." The footman stepped closer to the princess and leaned in to whisper to her ear. "My name is Daniels, Your Highness. Henry sent me, but we shouldn't speak here, the walls have ears. Follow me onto the balcony." 

The princess was not thrilled about needing to worry about the sanctity of her room, but nonetheless she followed Daniels out onto the balcony. "You have news from Henry? Or of Sylvia?"

"Quietly, Your Highness, quietly. The wind should cover our voices from those listening from within, but I don't know how far the wind will carry them. But yes to both. Henry sent me word that he wanted me to rescue you and Sylvia from Ruar. He made it away from the Queen's Shadow" Daniels smirked at that, "Dorian is furious, and Prince Trogar almost seems happier to see him humiliated than he is angry that the King got away."

"That is relieving. What about Sylvia?"

"She is being held in the darkest cells in the depths of the castle. It won't be easy to rescue you her from there, but between the two of us I think we can do it."

"I hope you are right. Henry said that she was important. If it does come to war, we will need all the help we can get." Lyriena looked at Daniels closely. While he knew to greet her with a lion, her time in the city had taught her not to trust anyone; not even Elenorei, which is why she sent her away. "Why are you helping Henry? Why are you leaving the land of your birth to aid a foreign King?"

A hard expression crossed the footman's face. "The Queen has ruined me. My wife and children left me, because of her. She's used me and turned me into-" he flushed in shame, unable to go on and describe what the Queen had made him do.

Lyriena studied him for a time, trying to gauge how sincere he was. Finally, she decided that she might as well hear him out. "What do you need from me?" Lyriena asked, curiously. She was still undecided how far she should go, but it was best to keep all her options open.

"I don't think you're going to like it, Your Highness, but I'm not sure we have much choice."

****

I still have my options open; I have not done anything yet she thought. She didn't think that Daniels' plan was from Henry, at least she hoped it wasn't. What was it about these people? Did everything revolve around sex with them? She found herself getting boxed in; if Prince Trogar didn't turn her into a whore, then Daniels would. Was there any way to make it through this with her dignity intact?

Not that 'distracting' the jail guards would be too big of a burden. She had done worse than that already. But how much further was this going to go? While they might not know who she really is, Daniels would. Another person would know how far she had fallen. It would be another secret she'd have to keep from Henry, from her father, from her people. It would drag her even deeper into the Abyss.

Now she was on her way to see the Prince again. The carrot hanging from the stick, the Prince was offering her a chance to turn the tables on Soleil. She had been looking forward to it, even though she knew that it was only going to pull her into this web of decadence that Zentara was spinning around her. But she had already come this far, a little further couldn't hurt. Plus, getting her revenge on Soleil would be a repudiation of all that had been done to her so far. At least, that's what she told herself.

She entered into the Prince's suite, her heart beating quickly in anticipation. Though the Prince had promised her revenge, she didn't know what form it was going to take. Would it be Soleil's turn to be a pony? Would she find the elf servant chained up and waiting to be beaten?

It turned out to be neither of those things. On the contrary, Trogar and the twin sisters were waiting for her fully clothed. Apprehension began to take over. Was he betraying her? She would hardly put it past him.

"Lyriena, welcome." The Prince grinned widely as he greeted the princess. His tongue flicked over his tusks as he leered at the royal elf. "We've been waiting for you. Soleil, isn't there something you wish to say to your Princess?"

Soleil's jaw looked like it might shatter. Her eyes shot daggers at Lyriena, but she nonetheless approached and dropped into a curtsey. But instead of rising again, she lowered herself to the floor and began kissing the princess' feet. "Forgive me Your Highness. You're a Princess and I'm just a lowly whore; I should never have treated you so disrespectfully." Soleil ran her lips over the toe of Lyriena's silk shoe, and then began dragging her tongue up and down the sides. "Please forgive this lowly slut. I was jealous of your beauty, your wealth, your stature, and the attention showed upon you by the Prince. I'm willing to accept any punishment you deem proper."

Of course she didn't seem truly sorry, but Lyriena preferred it that way. She didn't want a contrite Soleil, she wanted a proud, arrogant Soleil to be humiliated. She wanted to make the whore sorry and put her permanently in her place. Seeing the servant kiss her foot filled her with a power she had never felt; not even when she was secure in her identity and position back in Deznessuian. 

It felt good, having this power. It made her feel strong, and she relished it after feeling powerless for so long. "You will be punished, whore; for touching your betters, for deigning to assert authority over me." She lifted her foot and began to press her shoe against Soleil's face. She rubbed the sole over the servant's tongue and forced her to worship every inch of it. She could already feel her pussy getting moist, and a shiver of excitement shot through her. She was definitely going to enjoy this!

"I've had some ideas on that front, Lyriena. Florette?"

Soleil's sister approached the princess with a long wooden box. She presented it to Lyriena, who then opened it. Inside was a long, thick dildo fashioned in the shape of a horse's cock. Lyriena gasped at the sight of it. It was huge! It also appeared to be connected to a harness of leather straps.

"It's molded off of Eastern Wind's cock" Trogar said with a grin. "I thought you might fuck Soleil with it, to assert your dominance over her."

This was based on Eastern Wind's penis? It is so long, so thick, so powerful looking, she thought with wonder as she traced her fingers alongside it. A smile crossed her lips as she imagined her big stallion mounting the insolent servant. Maybe she'd be able to arrange that for real before this was all over! For now though, the idea of ravishing her with her mount's shaft made her smile. "That is an excellent idea, Trogar!" She gave Soleil a wicked grin. "Strip off those clothes, slut. A whore does not need them!"

A triumphant grin crossed Trogar's face at Lyriena's enthusiasm. "That's true, Lyriena; whores don't need clothes."

Soleil grimaced, but nonetheless unlaced her dress and peeled off her clothes, letting them fall to the floor and pool at her feet. She trembled in apprehension at the thought of Lyriena's revenge. The harlot looked down at the massive sex toy and shuddered. It was bigger than anything she had taken before, and she had taken many large shafts. It was certainly bigger than any orc she ever had!

The naked elf's twin circled behind Lyriena and began to unlace her dress. "Let me help you, Princess. These things can be a little difficult to figure out the first time. But I'm sure you'll get the hang of it!"

Lyriena shivered in excitement as her body was bared. Her pierced nipples stiffened as they became exposed to the two elfs and the Prince. The tiny gold rings glistened in the light as her small bust heaved. Each touch of Florette's soft fingers on her hips as she applied the harness sent electric jolts of pleasure through her body. Finally, Florette finished and the princess looked down at the thick, heavy sex toy jutting out lewdly from her body. Is this what men felt like? 

Soft footfalls sounded in the room as she stepped towards Soleil. She placed her hands on the elf's shoulders and pushed her roughly to the floor. She then shook her hips and slapped the horse-cock dildo across the servant's face. "Have you ever taken one of these before, Soleil? I know you have fucked elfs and humans for money. And you've fucked orcs for money. But what about horses? It seems like it would be the natural progression for you. Well, if you have not before, you are going to now."

Soleil grunted as the heavy weight of the toy smacked across her face. Still, she opened her mouth and started to lick the sides of the shaft. If she was going to take it, she might as well make sure it was wet. Her tongue slid up and down the length, tracing the bestial shape of it cock. She found it strange; though oddly shaped, the thick smooth girth was actually more similar to an elf or human cock than an orc's was. The orcs had those ridges that surrounded it, but other than the blunted tip the equine shaft was more or less the same.

A tremor of pleasure coursed through Lyriena as she watched the toy rub against Soleil's face. The harness worked so that the base of the toy was pressed against her clit, so that every movement it made also rubbed against her sensitive spot. Between that sensation and the sight of Soleil submitting at her feet was already making her wet. "Open your slut mouth wide, take that horse cock!"

Trogar slipped behind Florette and pulled down the elf's dress. He moved his hands to her now bare breasts and began to massage them as he watched Lyriena go to work on Soleil. She was adapting to the role better than he expected. Perhaps his submissive slut was more of a switch. He filed that thought away for further analysis later. The important point was that she was responding positively now; he could worry about growing it more later.

Soleil's soft lips opened wide, attempting to stretch around the thick girth of the flat horse dick. She strained to open wide enough, but was ultimately able to take it inside. She had done many shameful things since moving to the human kingdom, but this was a new low even for her. Still, she knew what her job was. She began to move her head down the length of the cock, but she could barely fit any more of it into her mouth; it was just too huge!

The princess pushed her hips forward, trying to jam more and more of the toy into Soleil's mouth. Soon the elf was gagging and choking as she sucked and slurped on the dildo. "Good girl. You are quite good at this, Soleil. Maybe you have had practice. Maybe you would like to taste the real thing?"

"I'm impressed, Lyriena, that your mind has turned dirty so quickly. That's something we should explore more further. But for now, let's keep things going. I want to see you fuck her with that monster. Don't you want to see your sister get fucked, Florette?"

The other twin moaned as Trogar rubbed her pussy and breasts. "Mmm, yes Your Highness, I would love to see Soleil get fucked by that big horse dick. In fact, I'm a little jealous. Maybe I could have a turn with it after?" She grinned saucily, to Lyriena's annoyance.

This was supposed to be a punishment! Still, Soleil's glare was a balm to the wound. While Florette might want it, Soeil clearly didn't. Lyriena reached down and lifted Soleil's chin, and then pulled the toy from her mouth. "Get on all fours like a bitch!" Lyriena shivered again. Where is this coming from? I've never talked like this in my life she thought.

When Soleil was on all fours, she knelt down behind her and lined up the dildo shaped after Eastern Wind's cock with the whore's pussy.

"That's it Lyriena, shove it inside her. She's a whore, you don't have to worry about her. Just take her hard and fast!"

Lyriena glanced at Trogar a moment as her heart beat in excitement. Her fingers brushed over her pierced nipples, and she tugged at the rings slightly, sending another shiver through her. Lyriena then gripped the base of the shaft in her hand and began to push forward. When Soleil grunted in pain, she only grinned and thrust harder. She pumped her hips forward and back, stuffing more and more of the horse shaped cock into the small elf.

Most women would probably have been torn apart, but fortunately for Soleil she had a well-used and well-stretched pussy. Her vaginal passage spread to accept the thick shaft, but nonetheless swallowed the dildo deep into her body. "Nnng! Ah!"

Unswayed by her reaction, Lyriena continued to move her hips, thrusting in and out as she used the toy's impressive girth to hollow out Soleil's cunt. "You are taking it like a professional, Soleil. I knew you had it in you! Heh, in more ways than one." Lyriena and Trogar snickered at the joke as Florette moaned and Soleil grunted. "This isn't the first horse cock you have fucked is it you bitch?"

"Grab her hair, Lyriena. Give it a nice pull, and smack her ass." Trogar directed to the princess. He grinned even wider and rubbed Florette even more enthusiastically as she followed his commands.

"Whinny for me, little mare. Whinny for your stallion!" Lyriena grunted out the words breathlessly as she grabbed a fistful of Soleil's golden hair and pulled back on it like reins on a horse. Fucking her was more exhausting than she anticipated, but she still had more than enough energy to start spanking the harlot. Lyriena found her energy in the adrenalin of revenge, revenge for being mocked and bound and treated like a trained pony. Her hand exploded sharply on the elf's shapely backside again and again, punctuating each thrust of the massive sex toy as she held her hair in her other hand.

"MmmmMMmmmM!" Soleil forced out the whinney, though truth be told she moaned a bit of it too. Despite her reluctance, the effect of the massive cock inside her was beginning to take its toll, and her body, already used to ever increasing sizes, began to adapt. She was beginning to enjoy its presence, and she knew that if this continued she'd be forced into a humiliating climax.

Meanwhile, Lyriena's pleasure continued to grow. Each thrust made the base of her sex toy rub and grind against her clit. It felt even better than Elenorei's fingers did, especially since now she could control the force and the tempo. She began to lose herself to the pleasure, and began thrusting faster and more wildly as she sought to bring herself off.

"You look like you're getting tired, Lyriena." Trogar said as he pushed his cock inside Florette. He began to fuck her from behind as he watched the scene before him unfold. He desperately wanted it to be Lyriena's cunt wrapped around his shaft, but he was willing to wait for the proper time. "Why don't you lie on your back and let the whore do the work?"

The princess didn't want to stop; she was enjoying this too much and felt herself getting ever closer to her climax. Even still her body found itself responding to Trogar, and she laid herself back on the floor with Eastern Wind's cock sticking up proudly from her waist. The thick sex toy glistened with Soleil's juices. As she waited for Soleil to mount her, she immediately saw the advantage of this position.

She would have the perfect viewing spot to see Soleil's discomfort and humiliation. Not only that, but she's get to see the way the slut's pussy stretched around her stallion's pride. Indeed, she'd have a front row seat to Soleil's ruining!

Soleil took a deep breath as Lyriena's cock slid out of her. She tried to gather herself, to keep from succumbing to the pleasure immediately once she impaled herself on that monstrous meat. She slung her leg over the princess' slender body and shimmied up to the cock. Her pussy was already wet and loose, so she had no issue taking it back inside her. Once filled, she started to bounce up and down while she rocked her hips, fucking herself on the bestial sex toy.
