 Author's Note: Thank you to Kathy M and Jackinati for your editing and suggestions!

*****

The thought of the look on Lyriena's face when he pulled off the mask still made his cock hard days after the show. The shock, the rage, the humiliation, the arousal, her panicked helplessness; it was everything he needed and wanted. Not to mention that so far things had unfolded exactly as he had hoped. After ushering the disgraced princess back to the castle, he immediately dispatched pigeons to the Elfin Isles, alerting the King of the scandal and offering to marry Lyriena to settle the issue. The King did not know another set of pigeons went to others with more complete details of how the virgin Elf princess had debased herself at Faerie Lights and the tournament.

While he hadn't gotten a definitive response, King Coron had invited him immediately to Yemora for further discussion. Lyriena was being recalled, naturally, and any further negotiations on marriage and trade between the elfs and Zentara would be negotiated between him and the King.

"So all in all, now that I'm getting proper support from all the Kingdom's servants, everything is proceeding nicely." Trogar glared at Dorian, who was smirking in the corner. The Queen's Shadow had known all along about Lyriena's exploits at Faerie Lights, but had chosen not to share that information with him until Henry's escape.

"I needed to protect my sources. If I just told everyone that the owner of Faerie Lights reports to me then soon no one would be going there." The bodyguard's flippant smirk turned upward into a grin. "You didn't have a need to know, until you did."

Trogar bristled and glared at the human, but Jeanette waved him down. "I had hoped you'd be able to win Lyriena's hand without the use of Dorian's resources. However, as she proved more difficult than you anticipated you should be grateful for the support, late though it may be. The important thing now is succeeding. I don't doubt that King Coron will do whatever it takes to suppress the scandal."

"Especially since I doubt the princess' elfin fiancé will want anything to do with her now." Trogar allowed himself a smile. "He won't have many options if he wants to obviate the disgrace his daughter's behavior has caused our Kingdoms."

"Hah, you might as well call it Tuesday in Zentara, but the elfs have more scruples I'm told." Grotok snickered softly.

"Which I plan to take full advantage of." Trogar hadn't pressed any of that advantage on Lyriena yet. She was sequestered in her chamber hiding from the scandal and he was content to let her stay there for now.

"When do you depart for Deznessuian?" The Queen asked.

"We leave with the tide tomorrow. The ships are all packed and ready to sail, along with a cargo of gold and foodstuffs. When I personally deliver the goods it will only reinforce my goodwill to the elfs." Trogar chortled. "After the princess' sordid tale gets out, they'll probably be looking on me much more favorably than her. The Sun of Deznessuian will have finally set in the east."

"I hope so. You'll need all the local support you can get with a recalcitrant bride and a shamed father in law." Jeanette pursed her lips thoughtfully. "But I will leave you to it. I hope you've found your footing, Trogar. Once you leave the city you'll no longer enjoy the level of support you have here. You'll be on your own without Dorian's spies or our armies to assist you. Success or failure will be entirely on your shoulders."

"I can handle it, Mother." Trogar ignored Grotok's disbelieving snort. "Despite everything, Lyriena enjoyed every moment of her debauchery. I have her just where I want her."

"You seem intent on ruining her reputation; well, so be it. But I hope you'll take my advice and don't ruin her too utterly. She knows more about the Isles than you ever will. Take away her ability to rule independently, but take heed of her words and ideas behind closed doors. There, that's the last I have to say on the subject."

His mother may have had a point, but being born to rule and a lifelong noble of Zentara she underestimated the difficulty he was going to have inserting himself into Deznessuian. Perhaps he wouldn't destroy her utterly, but she certainly needed to be taken down a peg; mentally, emotionally, and psychologically in the eyes of her people if he were ever to assume true control over the Isles.

****

The sun hadn't even begun to rise yet when Trogar met the princess and her entourage at the docks. When she spotted him, Lyriena approached with Captain Goriel. "Your Highness, I want to know why you expect me to set sail without my personal guard." 

She wasn't angry; and he smiled inwardly at her timid posture, apparently she was too depressed for anger. "You're not setting sail without them. They'll be on the Queen's Delight. You'll be traveling with me on the Sapphire Waves."

"With all due respect, Your Highness, the King put me in charge of her security." Goriel stepped up with a hard edge in his voice. He at least was not as prepared to roll over as Lyriena.

"And what a job you have done. Not only was Princess Lyriena kidnapped on your watch, but she's been running around the city unescorted doing what we can only fully wonder about given her performance at Fairie Lights since she arrived here."

Goriel flinched at the Prince's accusation, which hit too close to home. Lyriena's head dropped in shame and blushed deeply. "Even still-"

"King Coron is as disappointed with your failure as I am. I believe you've seen the letter he sent? Due to the scandal, he has granted me certain betrothal privileges with the Princess until her final status can be determined. One of those duties is to see to her safety, and as you have failed so utterly I am dismissing you from that capacity."

"What she needs protecting from is you! You're the one that defiled her!" 

Lyriena looked at Goriel gratefully, but her expression died and even the Captain deflated when Trogar rebutted, "I wasn't the one who put her on the stage. She volunteered to be fucked by an elf, human, or an orc. Do I need remind you exactly HOW she made her selection? She was the one who begged an orc to take her maidenhead. Not to mention the other activities she's been up to at Faerie Lights."

The elf captain gave Lyriena a bitter, disgusted look. Everything Trogar had said was true, and he didn't understand how the princess could have let that happen. She was supposed to be the epitome of elfin virtue, the shining sun that would lead the elfs out of the darkness of human degradation. Instead, she had joined their people in the mud.

"There is no time for debate. Captain, get your men on the Queen's Delight. Lyriena, come with me aboard Sapphire Waves. Don't you worry," he said with a predatory grin, "I shall keep you safe."

"At least let me take Elenorei with me." Lyriena pleaded, though from the look on the handmaiden's face, being with Lyriena on a ship full of orcs was the last thing she wanted.

"That won't be necessary; Soleil and Florette will see to your needs." Trogar grinned wickedly. He escorted Lyriena onto the ship and towards the large aftcastle. The ship had two cabins, one for him and another for her. Trogar guided Lyriena to the room set aside for her. "We should talk, Princess; we haven't had much opportunity to since the other night." He tried to be delicate with the subject. His goal for the moment wasn't to humiliate her any further. 

Lyriena glared at him. "Really, you want to talk? What good to you think that will do now?"

"You need to come to terms with the fact that we might very well end up married, Lyriena. If that happens, I'd like to have, if not marital bliss, then at least a marital accord. There is room here for both of us to get what we want."

"Hah! You only care about what you want, not what anyone else does. You impoverished an entire Kingdom, and prostituted its daughters for the sole purpose of putting a crown on your head! You are despicable!" Lyriena snarled at the Prince, her eye reigniting with anger.

This isn't how he wanted the conversation to go; he was trying to mend fences. "What's done is done, Lyriena. Do you want to fix it, or not? By working together we can at least attempt to undo some of the damage that was done. Isn't that what you've wanted all along? Put aside your anger and your hatred to work with me. You're not going to get a better offer." At least, not now.

Lyriena's teeth clenched together at the unfairness of it. Unfortunately, he had a point. She wasn't going to get any better offers that would have a chance at fixing things, not now. To push dealing with that distasteful fact, she changed the subject. "How did you know about Faerie Lights anyway? Did Brahm betray me?"

"He didn't betray you, at least, not in the sense that he was ever loyal to you. Brahm works for Dorian, and has all along." Trogar smiled bitterly. "Don't you think there was a reason you were put in Faerie Lights when you first arrived? It wasn't only to shock and outrage you; it was because Brahm worked for Dorian and would report on everything you did and everyone you met when you first arrived in the city."

A powerful tremor rocked through the princess' body, which didn't know if it should pale with despair or flush in rage. Of course, it all seemed so simple now. How could she have been so stupid? Of course they would put her somewhere they could keep an eye on her. It was the alcohol, she thought. It clouded her mind and she never looked back. Or maybe she didn't want to look back and think about it too hard.

"There is much we can do together Lyriena." Trogar stepped up behind her, but didn't touch the elfin princess. "As I said, there is much to do to help your people. But also between you and I. You're curious, sexually. Adventurous. You have needs, and you don't have to deny them, or hide them. Marriage to me means you'll get to indulge them."

"Of course you would think of sex!"

Trogar threw his head back and laughed. "Don't deny that you weren't thinking of it also. You think your hunger was bad before? Now that you've been with a man, fully, completely, truly, it will only get worse. But I won't take advantage of you again, Lyriena." The orc Prince stepped back from the elf. "I won't lay a finger on you until you're ready. I shall endeavor to be the perfect gentlemen until such a time as we're wed."

"I will believe that when I see it" she murmured. Lyriena turned to look at Trogar as he moved towards the door to her cabin. He was right about one thing though; her lust was not getting any better. Having sex for the first time didn't sate it, it made it worse. That didn't mean she had to give in to him though. "But if you want to suddenly be a gentleman, then I applaud your efforts. Kindly stay as far away from me as you can."

Trogar smirked and gave Lyriena a bow. "As you wish, Your Highness." It was time to give her some space; they would have the rest of their lives to be close.

****

The early morning sun shone through the portal on the side of the cabin, illuminating the room. Trogar sat languidly on the bed with Florette, idly rubbing the elf's breasts as they watched Soleil storm about. Florette's sister was flush with excitement and nervous energy.

"When are we going to fuck the Princess again? I still need to pay her back for last time!" Soleil paced about the room in a fit of excitement.

"You already paid her back. Lyriena needs time to recover, and to come to terms with her situation." Trogar released Florette and rose from the bunk, then stepped behind Soleil and wrapped his arms around her, holding her in place. His big grey hands slid up to the elf's breasts and began to massage hers through the dress.

"I can't believe we're returning to Yemora. I thought we'd never see the Isles again!" Florette looked out the cabin of the window. The rising sun was casting a glorious orange sheen over the surface of the ocean.

"Hmph. I don't see what's so great about them. I'd just as soon stay in Zentara." Soleil looked back at Trogar as she started to rub her backside into the orc's crotch.

"Ah, but things will be different this time. You won't just be maids for some merchant; you'll be special servants to the future King!" Trogar grinned wider as he felt Soleil's ass grind into his crotch. His cock began to stiffen appreciatively, and he slipped his hands into the elf's dress to stroke her breasts directly.

"Special servants to the future King? What does that mean?" Florette asked as she turned around.

A mischievous grin formed on Trogar's face. "It means you fuck who I tell you to fuck. And right now I want you to go offer your services to the Captain. He's been working hard and needs to relax."

Florette tittered and lifted her skirt slightly to get the hem off the deck, and then fluttered towards the door. "Gladly! I thought he was quite handsome." She paused at the door to the cabin. "Won't the Madame be upset we've left? I thought you only had us for six months?"

Her sister sniggered. "You think that bitch cares about us? She wrote us off the moment we walked out the door. Besides, what is she going to do about it, complain to the Queen? Sail to Yemora and take it up with His Highness?"

"Soleil is right. Don't worry about her, she got more than enough to compensate her." He began to pull up Soleil's dress so he could slip a hand between her legs. "Now go see to the Captain."

"Yes Your Highness." Florette curtsied and left, leaving Trogar and Soleil alone.

"What does 'special servant' really mean?" Soleil asked as she unlaced Trogar's pants and slid her hand inside. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft and squeezed, and then began to rub up and down as she slid her ass against the tip.

"It will mean whatever I want it to mean." Trogar groaned as Soleil stroked his cock. He began to move his hips, humping her hand and bottom as he rolled his fingers between her nether lips. The elf moistened at his touch as her body responded to the orc Prince.

"Then it means nothing." 

"There's no need to be like that, Soleil. Is the gold not enough for you? You want more reliable promises?" Trogar pulled his hand away from the elf's slit and spun her around to face him. He then applied pressed on her arms to push her down onto her knees.

"The gold is all well and good, Your Highness. But I want the surety of a position as well, something defined." Soleil untied the front of her dress to free her breasts, and then clasped Trogar's thick ridged cock between them. She began to stroke him with her tits as she kissed and licked around the tip of his shaft.

"Ah...don't you worry, Soleil. I have big plans for you." Trogar cupped the elf's pointed ears in his hands and massaged the ridges as he pulled her down further onto his cocks.

The elf scowled as the Prince wasn't any more forthcoming. Her mouth slipped over his cock and her lips glided along the ridges circling down the length. She ran her tongue back and forth in rhythm with the movement of her head as it bobbed up and down. One hand gently cupped his balls, rolling them across her palm as the other wrapped around the base of his cock. As she jerked his meat she pulled her mouth off his cock and looked up at him. She needed to know what his plans were for her. "Like?"

A deep rumbling chuckle escaped Trogar's throat. "Persistent, aren't you?" The Prince squeezed Soeil's ears a little tighter as he pulled her back onto his cock, and then thrust forward until his thick shaft slid into the elf whore's throat. "I was thinking House Mistress. Would you like that? Having all the servants in the castle in your employ?" Trogar closed his eyes and groaned as Soleil's throat convulsed around his cock. After basking in the sensation for a few moments he pulled her off again and resumed gently moving his hips. 

"Mmmm!" Soleil moaned in appreciation at the thought. She pulled off his cock with a sharp gasp as she caught her breath. Soleil continued to stroke his cock and rub his balls as she looked up at him. "They'd all report to me? I think I'd like that very much, Your Highness." Her eyes glinted dangerously. "There's a lot of power in controlling the servants." She rubbed his cock against her face for a moment, and then lowered her lips to his balls. She kissed and licked the wrinkly sac, and then took one of his nuts in her mouth and suckled as she rolled his cock back and forth over her face.

"That there is. And I know just how I want you to use it." Trogar stroked through her hair a moment and then guided her off his cock. His thick arms flexed as he lifted her up from her knees to face him. "They'll be an army of spies and seductresses so that I know every secret in the castle." He quickly spun her around and pressed her against the side of the ship. "And that's not all..."

Soleil arched her back, thrusting out her ass and spreading her legs as she imagined the power of being the Mistress in charge of spies and seductresses and all they learned. "Tell me!"

The orc Prince eased his cock into Soleil's hot pussy until the tip touched the roof of her cunt. He then started slamming in and out of her, ramming his cock in and out vigorously as he fucked her against the cabin wall. "In public, Lyriena will be the Queen," Trogar's hips impacted Soleil's backside again and again, making a sharp staccato reverberate off the ship walls, "but in private, she's going to be following your orders." The Prince gave a guttural grunt. "What do you think of that?"

"Aaaah! Yesss! Mmm!" Soleil moaned in excitement as she took Trogar's cock all the way inside of her, and then grinded her bare shaven pussy lips around the base of his cock. "I love it Your Highness! Mmm!"

"It's going to be glorious. And you know what the best part is, Soleil? That submissive little slut is going to enjoy every minute of it! Following YOUR every order Aaaah!" Trogar cried out in satisfaction as orgasm exploded, shooting hot jizz deep inside the elf servant. He continued to pound his hips, riding her through his climax as her undulating body milked his balls for all his seed.

Soleil's hair flew about her as she writhed in ecstasy, her own climax triggering as she imagined Lyriena subjugated and at her mercy. Her mind was awash with sinful, degrading, humiliating ideas for the princess when the royal was finally put in her place; at Soleil's feet.

The thoughts excited her again, and she eased Trogar back towards the bed. She pushed him down onto the mattress and then climbed atop him. Her lithe thighs straddled his waist and she grabbed his slick, semi-flaccid cock and rubbed it against her leaking slit. "Do you think she hears us?" She asked, a mischievous glint in her eye.

"The Princess? Probably; I think the whole ship heard you." Trogar chuckled and lay bad, allowing Soleil to do the work. But the sight of her naked body atop his quickly restored life to his member. The shaft began to stiffen again as he watched Soleil's tits bounce and his cum leak out of her slit.

"Do you think she's jealous? Or envious? Or maybe she's horrified. I bet that's it. I bet she's over there dreading the next time you mount her, but at the same time longing for it." Soleil guided Trogar's prick against her slit and then eased his rod inside. An excited moan rippled off her lips as the Prince filled her up again.

The Prince reached up to pinch Soleil's nipples, pulling down on them slightly to make the elf lean forward. "How long do you think it will take before she starts touching herself, and imagining what is happening over here?"

"I bet that little slut is doing it already. Now that you've taken her flower I bet she's looking for the biggest thing in the cabin to fuck herself with. Maybe a candle." Soleil burst out with lusty laughter as she began to ride Trogar's cock. "I bet she's fucking herself hard, and moaning each time a little wax spills down on her cunt. Ooooh, let me do that next time, Your Highness. Mmmm! Let me pour wax all over her perfect pale skin!"
