 Lyriena squirmed in her seat nervous, worried, and fighting feelings of shame as the moment she had been dreading all week approached. Any moment her father would be here, and she couldn't bear to think about what he would say. She had been dreading this conversation more than she ever had dreaded meeting with Trogar.

She looked around her room nervously. She had been confined to her suite ever since she arrived back in the city yesterday. She didn't know what her father had been doing this whole time, though it probably wasn't anything good. He had probably been talking to Trogar, getting his version of events, and reviewing the existing trade negotiations. At least she'd have that in her favor.

Or maybe not. She had heard that everyone was thanking Trogar for the commerce that had flowed into the capital and giving him all the credit. Despite all she had done, all she had sacrificed for the deal they only had praise for the foreign orc. What was wrong with them? Had they really grown so resentful against her and the royal house that they thought an orc was their salvation?

Anything was possible, given the reception she received at the docks. She had never imagined her return from the trade mission would be so humiliating, so shameful. The whole story in every lurid detail was on every lip in the city. Someone, probably Trogar, had gone to great lengths to ensure that everyone knew exactly what she had done. The worst part was that he didn't even need to exaggerate anything. What was she thinking? What was wrong with her?

Lyriena rose from the chair and walked across the room to the balcony overlooking the window. She gazed down at the crystal city, which seemed to thrum with new life. Trogar's entourage had brought plenty of gold with them, and they were spreading it around liberally. Everywhere she looked her people her vibrant and excited. It would be heartening to see if not for the cause of it.

A deep sigh escaped her lips as she turned back and reentered her room. As she did, the glint of the morning sun on golden metal caught her eye. Resting in a small box beside her bed was a tiara that Master Weylan had given her before departing the city.

"It is just a small token of appreciation for your efforts and hard work in performing to restore trade between our peoples." He had said. She had wanted to smack the smirk off his face as he said it, as if her 'performance' had somehow been in his service. And despite all the appreciation, the Guilds had no interest in applying any further pressure to assist her. They had gotten what they wanted.

She looked down at the golden crown. Elfin, Human, and Orc bodies were intertwined around the base leading to the center, where an elf held an emerald, a human held a sapphire, and between them an orc held a ruby. It was supposed to be a symbol of the three races living in harmony. She briefly considered throwing it over the side of the balcony, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. The craftsmanship was too fine to destroy.

The sound of the door opening made her turn, and she paled as her father entered the room. If the elfs below seemed to have their lives restored, the opposite was true of her father. He looked ten years older than when she had left. 

"Father, I-"

"Do not say anything Lyriena." He looked at her with sorrowful eyes, but even worse was the shame that festered beneath them. "That my daughter should behave so; that in only a fortnight my daughter, the Sun of Deznessuian, should be so corrupted by the orcs and humans. I cannot even credit it. How could you Lyriena? You have brought tremendous shame on our house!"

What could she say to him? Everything that he had said was true. She had brought shame to her father, herself, to all elfs everywhere. His words crushed her like a rock slide. There was something in her father's eyes though, a fire that kindled a flame in her as well. When she left her father had been depressed and defeated. Not just by the trade problems with Zentara, but with the overall decline in elfin society. 

That hadn't made him feel anything, but her indiscretion did? He couldn't get angry about their people suffering, but he could get angry about her corruption? "I am sorry for the way I acted in Zentara, father, I really am. I wish it had gone differently. But at least I did something to help our people. My virtue is a small price to pay in exchange for our people's future. What have you done? What have you been doing? You gave up; but I fought for them. Have you been outside lately? For better or worse, there is a vitality in the streets of Yemora that I have not seen before. Not in my whole life, father!"

"Do not speak to me like that, I am the King and your father! You are practically a child, a spoiled, soiled child! You know nothing of the challenges I have face, the hardships-"

"I know the challenges facing our people, despite how you attempted to shield me from them. I have seen what our people have been reduced to, and-"

Coron cut back in. "You have done much more and much worse than seen what they have been reduced to!"

The princess had the grace to blush. "Maybe so. Maybe that is for the best, maybe experiencing first hand makes me better prepared to lead them," she hoped so, at least, maybe there would be a reason for all of this after all, "but nonetheless, our people were suffering, and now they have hope."

The king's lips curled into a sneer. "Our problems have stretch back far beyond these trade disputes. Do you think solving them will make everything all better? Our people are still dying out. Is your plan to whore yourself out to the orcs, to whore MY subjects to the orcs and and let them repopulate the Isles? Do you want Deznessuian to go the way of Zentara?"

Lyriena's flushed deeper. "No, of course not. I did not want this; I am merely trying to make the best of it. But would it not be better to live on as a people, even with diluted blood? Maybe not with the orcs, but with the humans at least! Maybe even just a few drops of new blood would rejuvenate our people."

"You might lead them the way in that, and not with a human. Even now you might be carrying the orc's child. What am I supposed to do, daughter? You have disgraced every tradition our people have. You are a princess. You have cavorted shamefully outside of marriage with an orc, and publicly at that. If the orc were anyone else you would be married now." Coron paced back and forth around the room frantically.

A flicker of hope sparked inside her. "Then you have not yet decided on his suit? I was given to understand that given the betrothal rights you granted him that you were amenable."

The King's pacing came to a halt and he started to calm down. "I had to agree to that to stave off the scandal. But betrothals can always be broken, I was buying time."

"That's a relief, father."

"Do not raise your hopes too much; I might still grant him your hand." Coron's long boney fingers stroked his chin. "There are advantages, despite his heritage. He is certainly wealthy, and of royal blood. Close ties to Zentara would prevent any further machinations against the Isles."

"He is a brute. He would treat Deznessuian as his private fief and whore his way through the Isles!"

"If what you say is true, he is already doing that." Coron stopped pacing and turned to look at Lyriena, narrowing his eyes. "The Prince has spoken to me of you; and your relationship. For better or worse, there is a compatibility between you, is there not?"

The people of Yemora could probably hear her teeth grinding. "Like a hammer and anvil, maybe."

"Yet you put up with him. More than once."

Thankfully her father didn't push her on the specifics of their encounters. That would be the straw that finally broke the horse's back. She didn't think she'd be able to withstand the shame of her father directly listing her sins. "He is still a brute. Datoran would still make a much better husband, and-"

"Datoran will not have you, nor can I blame him. What elf would respect him? No honorable elf would have you after all that you have done, I can tell you that right now. Which is one more reason I am still considering the Prince's suit. No one else is willing to have you." 

Lyriena froze in place. Was it really as bad as all that? It shouldn't be surprising, really. Still, she was the princess of Deznessuian, surely that would grant her some leeway! "Perhaps if I talked to him, I can change his mind."

Her father scoffed at that. "Not likely, but if you like, you can send a message to him. I will allow him to visit you, and I am sure he will still come. The Duke is dutiful, and will not snub a summons from the Crown Princess, no matter how well deserved."

No, he probably wouldn't. Dutiful Datoran. Perhaps there was still a way she could change his mind, to make him see the advantages of marrying her. "Thank you father. Please send the invitation. Even if I cannot convince him to press his suit, I should at least take responsibility for my actions and make things right between us."

"That is the first sensible thing you have said since you returned. I am glad that you have not lost all sense of decorum and propriety during your stay among the orcs."

****

She watched Datoran stand there, stiff and uncomfortable as she tried to gather the words she wanted to say. She'd been pondering the problem ever since her father had departed. What could she possible say to him? She didn't know; although she did know one thing: she wasn't going to apologize.

She was a princess, and he merely a Duke. She didn't owe him anything. On the contrary, she had to make him see it was still in his benefit to marry her. "Thank you for coming, Datoran. It is hard to believe that it was scarcely a month since I saw you last."

"So much has changed? Is that what you were going to say?" The Duke looked down his nose at her coldly. "I should say so."

He is not making this easy, she thought, not that I can really blame him. "Yes, well, you know I have always held you in the highest regard. Even with the...recent changes, the advantages to a union between our houses still remain. My negotiations in Zentara have restored trade, at least for the next few months. By pooling the resources of our family there is much good that we could do for our people. And, if we present a more united front to the orc and humans, along with the contacts I made in the Guilds, I think we can fully restore trade relations before the current agreement ends."

Datoran just stared at her for a moment. "Do you seriously believe that I would accept a bride who has been soiled?" 

Lyriena bristled at that, but continued. "My virtue may have fallen, but I am still a Princess. The Crown Princess. One day I will be Queen, and you could be King. Surely that is worth overlooking an indiscretion and slight scandal."

"Hah hah hah." The Duke erupted into laughter. "Slight scandal? The whole city is talking about it, if not all the Isles. It is the only thing anyone is talking about. Do you know how many times I have heard the story? How many people have gleefully asked me about it? You have brought shame to me as well, not just yourself and your family."

The accusation made her flinch, all the more so because it was true. She had never really spared a second thought as to how it would be humiliating Datoran; she only worried about the effect it had on her. She fiddled with the engagement ring he had given her nervously, twisting it back and forth on her finger. "That is regrettable, and not what I intended. I did not intend any of this, Datoran. But the past is the past. It is time to move forward. If I do not marry you, my father will give me to the orc. Do you really want him to be your liege lord? Do you really want to bow to him?"

That argument at least seemed to give him pause. She knew that having to bow to the man who cuckolded him would rankle to Duke. Datoran thought about that for a moment as he watched Lyriena. 

"I suppose not. No, it would not be right to have an orc on the throne. But do you really think your Father would give your hand to an orc Prince?"

"He said as much to me already. But I know that if you agree to resume your suit, he will relent. You will make a much better King, and I know we will be able to set things right in the Kingdom, together." Her heart flushed with hope as Datoran considered the offer.

"That is something to think about. But there is one thing that is bothering me, Your Highness. It is distressing to know that the orc has experienced your body and I have not. How could I go through with this betrothal, especially with him here, knowing that he has had you and I have not? If you want me to continue my suit, I need to be with you, Princess."

The request made her heart stop, and dampened the excitement she had just felt. It wasn't like Datoran to make such a demand. And yet, isn't that what she had hoped for from him all along? Maybe it was a sign that Datoran could provide her the kind of aggressive treatment she found she enjoyed so much. "That is a surprise Datoran. But...well, it is fair. It would be wrong to deny you what I gave to the Prince." And to others as well, but that was left unsaid.

Datoran nodded his head and smirked. He reached down to unlace his britches. "Take it out, then. Make it hard, Your Highness. Show me what you learned among the orcs."

Lyriena complied, reaching between his legs to slip her hand inside his pants. Her dexterous fingers found his shriveled cock and wrapped around the member. She squeezed it between them, and began to stroke the meat as she slowly sank to her knees before him. "Yes my beloved." She hoped she wasn't turning it on too much with that as she guided his cock from his pants.

The elfin Duke groaned in pleasure as he felt Lyriena's soft hands around his dick. It slowly reached a half-flaccid state as she stroked it with her fingers. When the princess wrapped her lips around his cock it swelled the rest of the way, becoming firm, if short and narrow in Lyriena's mouth. He moved his hips gently as he reached down to stroke through her hair. "Oh that's good Princess. I could definitely see being married to you if I got this every night."

"Mmm...it could be yours, Datoran. Just say you will marry me." Lyriena brought the dick into her mouth again and began to slide up and down the length. She was enjoying this new side to him, even if his dick was small compared to those of the humans and orcs she'd enjoyed in Ruar. Her tongue swirled along the underside of it, running all along the length as she stirred it in her mouth.

Datoran's groans got louder as Lyriena continued. His grip tightened in her hair, and he began to move his hips a little more forcefully. He held his hands firmly in her hair to control her movements. His tiny shriveled sac slapped at her chin over and over as his crotch battered at her lips. He pushed his cock all the way inside her mouth, tickling the back of her throat. He held himself fully in her mouth his pubic hair tickling her nose "That's it, suck it Princess. Take it all. You must have learned quite a lot in the city of whores."

"Mmmm!" She gripped his hips tightly, holding him against her face as he fucked her mouth and the top of her throat. At one time it might have been enough to make her gag, but after taking human and even orc cocks down her throat Datoran's shaft was no challenge. She grinded her face into his crotch as she slurped and sucked the entire length of his cock, making it pule and throb.

"You're good at this. Did you suck more than just the three cocks at that show? I knew there must have been more to the story. The Princess I knew wouldn't have been able to start at something so debauched. There's much more to it, isn't there? What other dirty, nasty games have you been playing Lyriena? Are all the stories true princess?" Datoran groaned and sneered down at Lyriena as he kept her locked on his dick, not giving her the chance to reply. He continued to buck his hips, grinding against her face as he brought himself closer and closer to climax.

As she looked up at him, she knew the truth was reflected in her eyes and an uneasy feeling began to pit in her stomach. What do they know? Do they know everything? She continued to suck on his cock though, pulling herself up and down his shaft as much as she could from his grip on her hair. Finally as the cock began to twitch and throb he pulled it out and stroked furiously. A moment later before she could react his seeds spurted out, splattering over her face and lips. The first spurt landing directly in her eye, shocking and blinding her. Thin ropes of cum dribbled out the tip of the cock onto her eye lids hair and lips as he stood over the kneeling princess purposely painting her fully.

As Lyriena gasped for breath, Datoran looked down at the cum splattered princess. "On second thought, I don't think I will be pressing my suit. Princess or no, a whore is still a whore. But if you ever want to suck my dick again, you know where to find me." He turned to leave as Lyriena spluttered in rage. As she rose off the floor, he turned towards her again. "You can keep the Moon of Deznessuian. In the brief time I had it, it made me lose my fiancée. But it made you lose your dignity, your pride, and your reputation. I think I got off easily. Good day, Your Highness."

****

Lyriena stormed back and forth in her suites, still fuming at the humiliation Datoran inflicted upon her. Making it even worse, Trogar and her father had been locked away in the Royal Suites for hours. It was incredibly frustrating to be trapped in her own quarters, powerless, as her fate was decided. But, if she was being honest with herself, a part of her was glad that it was out of her hands. There was no longer anything for her to do. Her burden had been lifted, and one way or another it would all be decided soon.

Unfortunately, she had a feeling she knew which was that was going to be. With Datoran's rejection, it seemed her only options were spinsterhood or Trogar. She might have chosen the former if not for the fact that she needed to carry on the family name. While she may not entirely agree with it, the general consensus seemed to be that it was better to have a half-orc child than a bastard. At the end of the day his royal lineage mattered more than his racial heritage.

Lyriena picked up the Moon of Deznessuian and stroked the smooth facets beneath her fingers. Was Datoran right not to take it back? Was it really cursed? It had cost a fortune, but disaster pursued it through history, and she was a part of that now, she mused. Old men would tell tales of her fall from grace generations from now on how the royal princess became the whore of the orcs as part of the legend of the cursed gem. 

The sound of her father approaching brought her out of her musings. She whirled towards the door just in time to see it open as her footman announced the King's arrival. Her heart sunk immediately at the look on Trogar's face as he followed the King into her room. The smug satisfaction told her everything she needed to know before Coron even opened his mouth.

"I have decided to accept Prince Trogar's suit for your hand in marriage, Lyriena." Her father looked resigned, rather than happy as might otherwise have been expected under such circumstances. Resigned and disappointed; clearly he felt that she had left him no other option.

She wanted to defy him, to snatch away victory from Trogar, but it was too late for that. Their marriage was the natural consequence of her indiscretion, engineered by the orc as it may have been. Besides, maybe it would be the best for her people. She had spent the last day trying to convince herself of that. Perhaps if she kept it up she would finally come to believe it.
