 Author's Note: What a long road it's been, but finally we're at the end! Thank you to everyone who has persevered and stayed with it so long. I know not everyone enjoyed the direction this story took, but I do thank you for all the feedback both positive and negative. 

I'm glad to be finished with the story so that I can move on to other things. I'll be working on some other projects for the next two months or so while I unwind from writing such a long story. Starting in probably January I will begin work on a short, 4 chapter story about Agmar (tentatively title Conquest) which will set up the final story in the series, Orc Dominion: Triumph.

In the meantime, look for the Elfin Descent Afterward where I will discuss what I learned writing the story and reflect on what went right, what went wrong, and how to improve in the future. I'll also be providing more details on upcoming projects. For now, enjoy the conclusion to Elfin Descent! 

****

The dress was supposed to be humiliatingly scandalous, but after seeing how Zentaran women dressed it was hard for her to get too upset about it. The royal blue garment had a low neckline, and the waist was corseted to lift her bust; despite her small bust she would have cleavage when she put it on. The corset was laced in the front, and hugged her curves all the way down to her hips before finally flaring out into a more voluminous skirt. It wasn't the dress that an elfin maiden should be getting married in, but then, she wasn't a maid anymore.

She wondered what happened to the white dress that was being designed for her before she left. Discarded, probably. That was a dress for a virgin princess, not a fallen woman. Still, she had worn worse dresses in Ruar, and while it might be embarrassing to wear such a colorful garment, she could survive it.

What was really humiliating was the fact that she wasn't allowed to wear a veil in the bridal procession or for the wedding. Even worse, the order didn't come from Trogar, it came from her father. She still remembered the stern look on his face when he broke the news to her.

"Our traditions have meaning." He said. "The veil is to protect the modesty of virtuous women. It is a symbol that the woman is living an honorable life. If I allow you to wear one, especially with everyone knowing what you have done, it would take all meaning from it. I am sorry Lyriena, but you are no longer permitted to wear a veil in Deznessuian."

It had been hard to hold back the tears, but she had managed it. She accepted the decree with the poise and grace of a princess. But she didn't know if she would ever be able to forgive him. She also didn't think he had fully thought through his decision. Yes, her wearing a veil would degrade the value of it. But not wearing it would degrade the custom all together. When the elfs saw their princess, and one day their queen, without a veil they would stop wearing them as well.

But that didn't matter now. Her attention shifted to the door when Soleil and Florette entered her chambers. Elenorei still hadn't returned to her duties. It rankled her to see Soleil standing in her most intimate rooms, but she had a feeling she would be seeing more of it in the future.

"Good morning Your Highness." Florette chirped as she took the dress from Lyriena in order to help her dress.

"Your wedding dress is beautiful, Your Highness. You're going to look ravishing in it." Soleil added tauntingly. The twin sisters helped her into the dress and cinched the laces tight. The corset fit so snugly that it outlined the jeweled rings piercing both the princess' nipples.

Lyriena flushed as she looked at herself in the mirror. It was one more little humiliation to go with the lack of a veil and the non-white color. She looked more like a mistress than a bride. Maybe she could convince people that it was a Zentaran tradition. The thought of everyone looking at her sent a tremor through her body.

Soleil's fingers brushed over Lyriena's body as she made the final adjustments, and then stopped to squeeze the princess' nipples, making them stiffen and become even more prominent. "There, perfect!"

"Ah!" Lyriena gasped sharply and then slapped Soleil's hand away. "We are not in Ruar now, Soleil! This is Yemora and I am the Princess here! You will not touch me in that manner!"

"In a short while you'll be married to the Prince, and then it will be up to him how you're treated!" Soleil replied petulantly.

"You think so? Do you really think Trogar will be allowed the same liberties and privileges here that he had in Zentara? Do you think my father will permit that? You had best watch it or you will end up on your back in a brothel, again!"

"I'm sure Soleil didn't mean anything by it, Your Highness." Florette interjected. "It's going to take some time for us all to adjust to our new situation." The servant girl stepped up behind Lyriena and hung the Moon of Deznessuian around her neck. "Oooh, this will look lovely."

Soleil glared at her sister, but when she opened her mouth to continue the other twin cut her off.

"Oh stop it, Soleil. You can't keep blaming Her Highness for everything. Besides, it all worked out in the end, didn't it? Here we are, risen up to a station we'd never thought we'd get to." Florette straightened the necklace out, and then retrieved the princess' tiara and wove it through her golden hair. "As for you, Your Highness, meaning no disrespect, but stop playing such a victim. So what if things didn't turn out the way you thought it would? It never does for anyone. You take what life gives you and make the best of it. You're here now, you're marrying the Prince, so take what you can from it and enjoy the ride. There, that's all I have to say on the matter."

Lyriena tried to collect her thoughts on how to respond, but she was interrupted by the bell summoning her to the marriage chapel. Each time the bell pealed she felt her heart leap in her chest. Soleil and Florette fell in behind her as she left the room. Fortunately, her father had decided on a small wedding in the private chapel of the castle. 

Still, the entire court would be in attendance to witness the event. Lyriena exited into the courtyard and shivered as she felt a cool wind blow across her bare face. The whispers started immediately as she walked through the garden, surrounded on all sides by courtiers. If Soleil's fingers hadn't hardened her nipples the chill air would have. The thin material of her dress did nothing to protect her from the autumn air, and she felt every eye in the castle on her nearly exposed flesh as she marched towards the chapel.

They would get a better look at her soon, she knew. If swallowing down her marriage to Trogar was difficult, the public bedding ceremony afterward was to be a nightmare. Still, as always, there was a treacherous bee buzzing in the back of her mind, exciting her at the thought of such public exposure and humiliation. How did this happen, she wondered. Why did she have to have such a traitorous body?

Lyriena steeled herself and tried to block out the sniggers and snide, whispered comments about her dress and the fact that she was being married without a veil. Time would justify her actions, she hoped. For now, she just had to bury her pride and do her duty for her father and her people. She could deal with the consequences later. She just hoped she didn't enjoy them too much.

She stepped into the warm church and began marching down the aisle to where Trogar and her father awaited. It had been a long road to get here, but now the future and her destiny were at hand.

****

The wedding and reception were all a blur; she was too distracted with dread of the upcoming bedding ceremony. The tradition was an old one and in retrospect a little odd. Even the Zentarans didn't watch newlywed couples together on their wedding night. But with modesty and chastity being so important to elfs, the public declaration of the bride's virtue was essential. Even still, the tradition usually called for the families to be waiting outside of a curtained bed for the groom to make his determination.

But this wasn't your typical situation. Lyriena wasn't a virgin, and everyone knew it. In cases like hers, where the woman was marrying the man who deflowered her, the bedding ceremony was usually quietly forgotten. However, in some circumstances the ceremony remained. This was especially true for marriages that sealed alliances or other agreements. Both sides would want there to be witnesses that the marriage was completed and consummated so one side could not back out later.

So Lyriena had to put up with the shame of half the court witnessing Trogar penetrating her on her wedding night. Normally it was the bride's family that insisted, since it was usually the husband that would reject an impure bride. She suspected it was Trogar insisting though. Not only would it ensure that she couldn't wiggle out of the marriage later, but it would be a delicious humiliation for her.

The worst part is that some part of her wanted it. She came hard the other day when imagining it. But now that it was to be a reality, her stomach was in knots. Lyriena quickly downed a goblet of wine to steady her nerves.

"Let's get the happy couple upstairs!"

"I heard it's going to be an open curtain bedding!"

"I've been waiting to see the princess bedded for years!"

Lyriena couldn't see which of her courtiers were so eager to see her naked body. Were they people she had known, maybe for years? Perhaps elfs weren't so different from men after all. Perhaps elfin women had to protect their modesty so dearly since elfin men were just as lecherous as humans and orcs.

If anything could dissuade her from the line of thinking it was the look on Datoran's face. Despite having humiliated her earlier, he seemed far from detached from the procedure. His face was drawn tight and tense. She couldn't tell if he was angry or ashamed. He was right, she realized. Her whole wedding was one giant passive reminder that he had been cuckolded by an orc; an orc he would henceforth have to kneel to.

"Let us get this over with." Her father muttered.

A sea of hands swept over her, touching her thighs and back and arms as she was lifted up and carried to her chambers. Bolder hands stroked her bottom and breasts, and boldest of all was Soleil, who began undressing her before they even left the dining hall.

Lyriena flushed hotly as she felt her small breasts spill free from the tight confines of the corseted dress. Rough fingers pinched her pierced nipples, and the tiny rings were twisted, making her gasp out loud.

"Black Abyss! Her nipples are pierced!"

"What a slut!"

"What happened to her in Zentara?"

In the heat and excitement of the moment no one noticed the King's glower. Instead they continued to paw and grope Lyriena as they carried her to the waiting marital bed. By the time they reached it she had been stripped down to her stockings and heels. Her pussy was soaked from all the rubbing and groping from strange fingers and from the humiliation of being publicly stripped and degraded by their insulting words and her nipples were on fire from Soleil's pinches and twists.

She sprawled out on the bed with her thighs spread lewdly. Her freshly shaven slit left her juicy sex on full display for the court. When Trogar climbed atop her, a cheer went out from the assembled elfs. Soleil moved behind her on the bed and pulled Lyriena's golden hair back to keep her face exposed.

Trogar lifted Lyriena's knees up to frame his thick torso as he slid between her thighs. She was forced to lie on her back with her chest exposed and look up at the orc's bestial face. The gray skin, upturned nose, and pointed tusks standing in sharp contrast to all the pale elf face around him. When his twisted, slanted cock pushed up against her swollen labia she cried out, causing a leering grin to spread across Trogar's face.

"This is it, wife, once I put it inside you, you'll be mine. Bound forever, no going back. Everyone here will be witness to your being claimed by an orc." Trogar leaned over her as he rubbed the tip of his cock over her slick folds. His muscular chest pressed down against her pierced nipples as he brought himself face to face with Lyriena. "Though that won't be so unusual for you, will it?" He whispered. "You should be getting used to performing for an audience. If this keeps up, it might get so that you won't even feel any pleasure without someone watching you." 

A violent shudder wracked through her body at the Prince's words. The idea of her sexuality being tied to public exposure sent a tortured thrill through her. Maybe it had already started; being stripped on the way to the bed had already made her so hot, and now she could barely think with all the people crowding around her bed to witness her getting fucked by the orc.

She felt the slanted tip begin to push between her lush folds and arched her back, pushing her hips into the meat. "Ah! Yes!" People began to clap and cheer as Trogar drove himself the rest of the way inside her. She shuddered and convulsed again as she felt her narrow passage inflate with his thick member. 

"I can't believe she actually did it!"

"Even after everything, I thought she would back out."

"She likes it too! Look at her!"

Lyriena rocked her hips against Trogar as the orc began to thrust inside her. She didn't mind the voices; they became part of the background, part of the tableau of her latest sexual experience. The elf princess focused on the moment itself. They crowd was just a prop to help her enjoy herself, nothing more. She began to push harder against Trogar as more moans rolled off her tongue. "Mmmm! Yes! Ah ah!"

"I always thought that elfs were prudes, but it seems like they enjoy a good show as much as we do. Or maybe it's just fallen women they like seeing debased?" Trogar flicked his tongue over Lyriena's nipple rings as he drove himself inside her again and again. "Do you think they'd have enjoyed this as much before your trip to Ruar? Before you became a dirty, filthy, slutty, whore?"

Lyriena's pussy squeezed around his cock with every insulting epitaph. It was strange, she had never really noticed any lecherous looks from her courtiers before she left for her mission. Had she just not recognized them? Well, there was no mistaking it now. The elfs surrounding her bed were looking at her with undisguised lust, and she could tell from the looks in their eyes that this was an image they would forget after her wedding night.

The slap of Trogar's hips on Lyriena's thighs played a steady beat as an undercurrent to the courtier's talking. The orc's shaft plunged in and out of her body making the elf princess dance on the sheets beneath him. A feral grin formed on his lips as he panted down onto Lyriena's face. He could see the tension and pleasure building in her body as her expression twisted in joy. "I'm going to cum inside you, Lyriena, wife. I'm going to plant the next King of Deznessuian inside you tonight!"

A shudder of revulsion went through at the prospect of a half-orc child being planted inside her. How had she let it go so far? Yes, it was for her people, and yes, it felt good. But was she really going to bear his child? Let his child be the heir to the Isles? There had to be another way! Panic swept through her and she bucked her hips to try and knock Trogar loose.

"Hah, looks like the Princess is getting some last minute wedding night jitters." One of the courtiers snickered.

"Don't let her get away, Your Highness!" 

"Here, I'll help!"

Soft hands grabbed her again, as Soleil held her down for the Prince to rail into into her. They were soon joined by many more, and as before, they took liberties with her body, grabbing her breasts, thighs, and other intimate parts of her body. She gasped in pain as she felt one of her nipple rings twisted and fell back onto the bed, pinned beneath the strength of the crowd.

"Get ready, Lyriena. Let's cum together. You know you want to. You know there is a part of you that is loving every moment of it!" Trogar began to slam his hips in rapid, forceful thrusts again and again. Her tight slit wrapped around his cock capturing it firmly in her tight pocket. The grip squeezed his rod and milked it as the elf's body tried to draw out his seed.

The elf princess writhed in pleasure on the bed as she was assaulted from all sides. She could feel her body surrendering to ecstasy growing in her body. Each stab of the orc's dick into her body pushed her closer and closer to the edge. Her disgust at the thought of bearing the orc's child warred with the lust consuming her mind. But it was a losing battle for her, as it had been this whole time. The desires that had been awakened inside her would not be denied.

"Ah! Ah! I cannot take it anymore! Ah! Do not stop!" Lyriena's body convulsed as she finally exploded into climax. Her body burned with the waves of unleashed lust that coursed through her veins. Every nerve in her body tingled with delight as the thunderous orgasm rocked her.

The feeling of the princess' body submitting beneath him signaled Trogar to release his own. With a guttural groan he pushed his dick as fat inside the elf as he could manage and unleashed a torrent of hot orc cum right into the entrance of her womb. His thick fingers gripped her hips tightly, locking her body to the base of his cock and grinding her pussy around his dick as rope after rope of gooey cum flooded her insides.

The gawking crowd cheered as Trogar sealed the deal with the princess. Hearty congratulations were given all around to the newlywed couple and King Coron. Her father watched stonily to the very end, and once it was clear that Trogar would have no possible grounds for objection, he turned and stalked out of the room.

Lyriena watched her father go, sad at the gulf that had been created between them. But she was a woman now, and for better or worse, married. Her future was finding a way to live with the consequences of everything that had happened, and finding a way forward for her people.

****

Lyriena groaned and rolled off the mattress of pillows on the floor of her gilded cage. Thick gold bars wrought from the first shipment to Deznessuian surrounded her on all sides. Fortunately, the cage's gate wasn't kept locked so she was able to crawl out to begin her day. She stretched her naked body, trying to loosen her stiff muscles. The pillows were surprisingly comfortable, though it didn't stop her from being a little sore in the morning. Though whether that was from sleeping on the floor or her nocturnal activities was hard to say.

Her eyes swept the room, before finally setting on the small pile of folded clothes next to Trogar's armoire. It was time to see what Soleil had set out for her today. There was a time when she needed a handmaiden to help dress her in the morning, but those days were gone. A shiver of excitement swept through her as she picked up the tiny, gold silk vest and slipped it over her shoulders. The skimpy garment didn't even have a string to tie the two sides together, let alone buttons.

It hanged open, making the soft fabric rub over her breasts every time she moved. A soft moan escaped her lips as she turned to look at herself in the mirror. Her midriff was completely exposed, as was the area between her breasts. From the right angle, someone would be able to look through the sides of the vest to see her small tits and erect nipples. Another shudder of excitement rippled through her at the thought of the servants in the castle seeing her exposed that way.

Not that it would be anything new to them, of course. In the months since her father had passed and she and Trogar ascended to the throne her clothes had gradually switched to the Zentaran fashion, at least within the confines of the castle. She pushed aside the pang of guilt she felt about her father. He never seemed to recover from the shock of the scandal in Ruar, and passed within a year of her return.
