 Susannah shivered as the wind howled outside the castle. It had gotten so violent of late, she could swear that she felt the stone of the castle itself tremor. The cold, stone walls channeled the wind, making each gust feel like a spirit passing through you. In some way, the weather reflected the changing mood of the land. In the eight years since Jeanette had married her to Bodak, the new Duke of Braden, things had gotten steadily bleaker. It didn't help that Bodak liked dressing her in the new fashion for noble women of the realm. Today she was wearing a bustier of purple silk, tied in the front and back and exposing the top halves of her breasts, pushed together and put on display. Hanging off her hips were strips of semi-transparent purple cloth which reached down to her ankles. An even skimpier garment, if it could be called that, rested beneath the loincloth. They were called "thong" panties, though Susannah wasn't sure they deserved the name 'panties'. Despite the fact that the fashion trend was set by her friend, Queen Jeanette, Susannah hadn't gotten used to the revealing clothes even after eight years. It didn't help that her father was mortified and outraged, at her daughter being dressed so, and the style had never found popularity in the Duchy of Braden, being so far removed from Ruar and Zentara. The mixture of disgusted and aroused looks she got from the human residents of the Duchy always made her uncomfortable. 

The human settlers who came up from Zentara were veterans from the war and at first had been happy to live alongside the orcs. They had turned a blind eye to the Hesten woman ravished by their comrades, but now that they were living alongside them, the lusty orcs' eyes had turned to their wives, and daughters, and sisters.

Today she was hearing the petitions of a local freeholder whose daughter had been molested by an orc in the household of the local baron. The human settlers inevitably brought these matters forward when Bodak was away, leaving Susannah to deal with the issue. When they saw how she was dressed though, they typically realized their expectations were soon to be dashed. "Mr. Pritchard, I understand you've come before me today seeking redress for the abuse your daughter suffered at the hands of Rogar of Denetsk. Please, in your own words, tell me what happened."

"Well Yer Grace, I own a freehold up near Denetsk way. I live there with me wife, my two sons, and my daughter. Our land is right on the road to Velion, Yer Grace, so it's well travelled." Pritchard was an older man, old enough that it surprised Susannah that this man had served in the army during the war. His hands were twisted and gnarled, but his back was strong. Either a lifetime in the fields, or a hard campaign at war had bronzed his skin and made him look like weathered stone. "We see orcs and humans and all sorts passing by, for years now and never had no trouble. Well, this last winter here, when the baron's men were on the way to Velion for the solstice festival, that one there saw me daughter and took a liking to her." 

Pritchard pointed to a haughty looking orc who was standing next to the baron of Denetsk, and surrounded by many more of the baron's men. The freeholder had no noble support with him, but he did have his sons, as well as angry men from the surrounding freeholds who wanted to show their support. "He hopped right off his horse, and threw me darling Sarah into the mud and had his way with her right there-"

Pritchard was cut off by boisterous laughter coming from the orcs. "Inside, outside, what does it matter? When a slut wants it and spreads her legs, she's going to get it from a real man." Rogar's comment caused an uproar among the humans, and it took the guards several moments to restore order.

"My Sarah ain't no slut, Yer Grace, nor would she spread her legs for the likes o' him. She was screaming she was, so loud it spooked the cattle and brought us all running from the fields."

"Screams of pleasure, Your Grace, screams of pleasure!" More laughter from the orcs followed, and the guards had to physically stand between them and the humans to keep them apart.

Pritchard spit across the hall at Rogar. "Weren't no screams of pleasure Yer Grace. By the time we got to her it was over and he was lacing himself up. Well, we laid into him, my sons and I, until his own friends joined in. It was a right fray, just like in the last war. I did my time, and served with betters orcs than him. I didn't have any problem with them till his sort came along. Anyway, they got that Rogar there to his horse and the lot rode off. Then two or three days later, must have been twenty of the Baron's men rode on up to my farm, and accused me of attacking his man! Said I had to pay reparations, and there weren't nothing I could say about it. He took half my cattle, trampled my fields, and rode off." 

Pritchard glared at the baron as the freeholders shouted over him at the orcs. Finally, the bored looking baron spoke after the humans had quieted down, using another orc to translate for him. "What else could I do, Your Grace? The peasant disrespected my man. I was told that I was to have authority in my lands and be a chief. If my men get attacked, we get retribution. That is the order."

"As I said, I'm a freeholder, Yer Grace, and none of this happened on his land. But that ain't the worst part yet, Yer Grace. I come to find out, my Sarah turns out to be pregnant with that one's kid. And when I go to the baron to get payment for the kid when he comes, he goes and calls my Sarah a slut, says it wasn't his man that done it, and to get lost!"

The terms of the agreement between King Turogg and Queen Jeanette meant that all the nobility of Braden were orcs, which gave them great liberty over all the peasants who worked the land. While there were many freeholds in the Duchy, the orcs did not really understand the intricacies of feudal law, and saw all human women as being property for their enjoyment. This had led to many incidents, and as time went by the violence got worse and worse.

The baron spoke through the translator again. "All human women are sluts for orc cock, and her little bastard could be that of any orc. There is no way of knowing if it is Rogar's or not."

Susannah flushed at the baron's words, since it was an insult to her as well. The fact that she was so scantily clad at the command of an orc only reinforced his point, much to her chagrin and embarrassment. She bristled, but the thought of her husband made her settle down again. He would not be happy if she berated or dressed down one of his barons. Indeed, if he were here, he'd probably laugh and agree with the baron, insult to her or not. Susannah wanted to help the farmer, but there was only so much she could do without her husband's consent, and he was not likely to side against an orc with a human.

"Baron Denetsk, Rogar, Mr. Pritchard is a freeholder, and not one of your subjects. You are not allowed to molest or abuse freeholders. However, Mr. Pritchard, you and yours attacked the men of a baron. If you are abused by a noble, you petition my husband for redress, you do not take it into your own hands. In the name of my husband, I rule that the Baron's confiscation of your livestock is upheld."

The humans in the crowd started to shout angrily while the orcs cheered and gloated. Susannah raised her hands, and it took the guards pounding the butts of their spears for several moments to restore order.

"That being said: Baron Denetsk, in punishment for your men abusing a free woman, I hearby order you to pay Mr. Pritchard all the livestock you confiscated from him as reparations." Another storm of protest erupted at this pronouncement, from both the humans and the orcs. It seemed no one was happy with her decision. That made sense though, since Susannah herself was disgusted at the outcome. Rogar should have been gelded, she thought, but her husband would never stand for that, and his vengeance when he returned would be terrible to behold. Susannah thought that she was already in trouble enough just by ordering the baron to return the man's livestock. 

Susannah slipped from the hall as the guards ushered the men and orcs out. Hopefully they would disperse quickly, and not begin rioting right there in the streets. Waiting outside the reception hall was Stefan Feria, the steward that Queen Jeanette had "gifted" to Bodak eight years ago when he was awarded the Duchy. The Queen had suspected that Bodak might not be up to the task, and had assigned a skilled courier to assist. While that had worked at first, as time passed Bodak began to ignore his steward, stripping him of all his authority.

"That was about as well as you could have done, Your Grace."

"I know, Stefan, but it still isn't right. That poor girl will not get any support for her child, and given the circumstances, I cannot see that he will be raised with much love." Susannah sighed despondently. "Then when he comes of age, he'll want to seek out the orcs, and want to take revenge on the humans who shunned him."

"I'm sure it won't come to that, Your Grace. Besides, there are much bigger problems in the Duchy. The orcs are running rampant over the freeholders. They plant nothing but grapes and hops for wine and beer, and when they need food they go raiding in Heste, or from the freeholders, if they're feeling lazy. Food is getting more and more expensive in the cities, and the poor go hungry-"

"I know all this, Stefan. We've discussed it time and time again. The Duke does not care. We are not going hungry, so he does not see the problem. Nothing you or I say will change that. I've written to the Queen, and she has spoken to the King, but under the terms of the treaty, there is not much she can directly do to interfere with how the Duke runs Braden."

Stefan's reply was cut off as the door to the ducal suites slammed open. Susannah's husband Bodak stormed into the room, glowering at the pair. "Wife! I leave you in charge for one week, and when I return there is rioting in the streets! What have you screwed up now?"

Susannah wilted beneath her husband's glare. Apparently the orcs and humans weren't able to restrain themselves once they left the castle. "Husband, there was a petition from one of the freeholders, I tried to answer it as you-"

"Answer it as I would have? You think I would seize cattle taken by an orc raider? You think I would allow brawls in the street? This is what I get for letting a woman hold court. Domestic chores and breeding, that's all women are good for, and you're not even good for that!"

Susannah flinched at the barbed accusation. It had been eight years, and Susannah had still not conceived an heir for the dukedom, even though Bodak's bastards littered the countryside, and even in the womb of Betsy, one of her own serving women, a fact which was making the commoner increasingly insolent. "Please, let me explain-"

"No, no it's too late for that Susannah. You must be punished." Bodak grinned wickedly. "Come here my wife."

Stefan blanched and looked uncomfortable, quickly leaving the area. Susannah flushed, shoulders slumping even as her heart began to beat faster. Her husband's punishments were always of a carnal nature, humiliating, but pleasurable. Bodak grabbed Susannah by the shoulders as she approached, and then pulled her down sharply, roughly bending her over a table. His large, calloused grey hands slid up and down Susannah's exposed thighs, the dark skin contrasting with her pale flesh. Susannah grunted as her chest pressed against the wood, her hips and ass sticking out towards the orc. She could feel him cinch her loincloth in his fist, and quivered in anticipation. With a powerful tug, Bodak ripped the back half of the loincloth off. Susannah licked her lips, wetting them as she felt her ass, barely covered by her thin panties become even more exposed. She squirmed, trapped beneath the table and the large body of her husband as he moved behind her. 

Another tremor ran through her body as Bodak wrapped the loincloth around her eyes. Again and again he ran the material around her head, until all went black and she was effectively blindfolded. "H-husband, wait- "Her protest was cut off as Bodak smacked her ass sharply, making her jump. The movement made her nipples rub against the grain of the wood as she writhed atop it. Two more sharp spanks rained down, one on each cheek. The strong, powerful orc's hands left red imprints that stung in the cool air of the castle. As she cried out, panting harder now, Bodak gripped the front half of the loincloth, and stripped that from the Duchess as well. He then grabbed her wrists, twisting them behind her body to the small of her back. 

Susannah whimpered as she felt her wrists being bound. With her vision cut off, and her hands immobilized, she was totally vulnerable to the aggressive orc. Bodak enjoyed holding her hands together when they 'made love', and would sometimes hold her down, but he hadn't yet gone so far as to tie her up, or blindfold her.

"A-ah, Bodak!" Susannah cried out again as her husband delivered another three smacks to her ass. Her pert backside shook from side to side as she wriggled on the table, her hands jerking at the cloth, trying to steady herself, but unable to free them.

"Tsk tsk Susannah, you know that you're supposed to count out your spankings. I guess we'll just have to start over, eh?" Bodak laughed and tore the panties down Susannah's thighs. This thick finger pushed up against the Duchess' slit, rubbing it in a slow circle with steady pressure as his other hand rained down her spanking.

"Nnng! S-sorry My Lord! O-one! Two! Three..." Susannah cried out the numbers, whimpering as the steady barrage of hand smacks made her ass inflame an even deeper red. The pain was now mixed with pleasure though, as Bodak worked his fingers over her sit. She began to moisten, lubing up her slit for her husband as he battered her bottom. "...t-twelve! Th-!" The next number was interrupted as she felt the slanted tip of Bodak's shaft prodding at her slit. Her petals opened, and Susannah let loose a lusty groan as she felt his corkscrew shaped cock push deep inside her pussy. Her walls stretched around the thick girth, swallowing it up inside her eagerly as he thrust himself all the way to her cervix.

Once he was in as deep as he could go, Bodak began spanking Susannah again, this time each one punctuated with a powerful thrust of his hips. Her mind swam as she felt the rounded bulges wrapping around Bodak's pole rubbing against her sensitive inner walls. Her voice faltered, and she struggled to keep up with the count as the smacks and the thrusts came faster and faster. Twisting and turning, her petite frame danced for her husband, bouncing off the table into the fat cock. Her ass got redder and redder, swelling angrily. This is going to be a bad one, she thought, her mind lustfully manic, barely able to articulate the words in her mind, I won't be able to sit for a week!

"Ah, you feel so good around me little wife. I've fucked your cunt into the perfect shape for my dick. This is why I love claiming human virgin girls, it's so easy to shape you the way I need!" Bodak laughed out loud again as he used both hands to grip Susannah's rear. While he stopped spanking the woman, his grip on her abused bottom sent new types of sharp pains through her as he pulled her back to meet his powerful thrust.

"Mmm! Oh! Yes Bodak! Oh it feels good!" Susannah tried to turn back to look at her husband, but in her lust hazed mind she forgot that she was blindfolded. With her sight cut off, the physical, tactile sensations were amplified, making each thrust pulse through her even more powerfully than it would normally. Bodak placed his large hand between her shoulders, holding her back down to the table. The only motion he allowed her was to buck and grind her hips, delighting in the way the human woman shook and squealed for him.

"Of course it does! All human women love the orc dick! You're lucky, wife, that it is all you will ever know!" Bodak began moving faster and faster, his hips violently colliding with his bound wife's backside. The large orc reached forward and gripped Susannah's hair tightly, pulling on it to make her back arch as he continued to yank her onto his dick.

"Ah! Ow! Ah! Please, ah, it hurts!" Susannah whined noisily, her ragged breaths separating the words as her sopping wet pussy constricted around the ribbed penis, her walls molding to every throbbing curve of the dick.

"You feel so good Susannah, such a perfect little pussy. If only you'd shut up and get pregnant, you'd be the perfect little wife too!" Bodak groaned loudly, slamming his hips forward to grind the slanted tip of his cock against the roof of Susannah's cunt. With a grunt, his hot, sticky sperm shot out, splattering against her cervix, painting the walls of her vagina white as spurt after spurt of the thick goo erupted inside her tight, human pussy.

Susannah winced at the harsh, insulting reminder of her own infertility. The shame and humiliation his words inflicted were timed to come just as Susannah was reaching her own climax, making her revel and wallow in the degradation while the inhuman shaft brought her ecstasy. Susannah's nails dug into her palms, and her knuckles went white as she clenched her fists, twitching and jerking on the table as she rode the crest of her climax. Her pussy squeezed his cock firmly, milking him of all his seed as the orc unloaded himself deep into the human woman.

Bodak held himself inside Susannah for several more moments, waiting for his climax to subside. Finally, he pulled out of her, wiped his cock clean on his wife, and shoved his cock back in his britches. "I'm going out again, wife. Try not to start any more riots while I'm gone." Bodak grinned own at his half naked wife, flushed and panting, bound and blindfolded on the table beneath him. "I'll send Betsy in to fix you up on my way out."

Susannah's heart sunk as she listened to the boisterous orc laugh his way out of the hall.

Bodak crept in darkness, slowly, silently making his way through the forest. Pale moonlight illuminated his path, and shined down on the sleeping crofter's village beneath him. There probably won't be much worth taking, he thought, not this close to the border of the Duchy. The Hesten town had doubtless been raided before, possibly more than once. Still, Bodak had promised Frogath, the Baron of Denetsk, that he would have the opportunity to make up for the loss of his cattle thanks to Bodak's meddling wife. Now Bodak, Frogath, Rogar, and twenty-seven orc warriors were on the hunt. The weakly defended Hesten border was always easy pickings for the orcs, and a seemingly endless supply of livestock, crops, and women.

The Hesten militiamen were always too slow to form and pursue the orc raiders who struck across the border. This is what orcs are made for, this is what an orc's life is about. Bodak whistled a long, low note, which was quickly answered from the inky darkness. A line of large, muscular forms emerged from the treeline and loped towards the village. The unsuspecting peasants slept, unaware of the danger upon their village. Bodak unslung the worn battleaxe from his back, and clutching it in both hands, approached the nearest hut. For a moment, stillness reigned as tension coalesced around all the raiders. Then, a ferocious cry erupted and the orcs began their assault. Bodak smashed in the entrance to the hut, and quickly leapt inside. The powerful orc swung his battleaxe downward, cleaving the stomach of the peasant just as the human was rising to the sound of the alarm. Another swing of the axe chopped a hole in the side of the thatch hut, which he then pushed through. Screams filled the air, and the smell of iron and fear pervaded the village square as the humans ran about, trying to organize and flee from the attack.
