 Gorath took a big swill of his ale and looked around the noisy tavern. Despite how crowded it was, space had been left around the table where the big orc sat next to a muscular human woman with dark, cropped hair. The pair nestled comfortably together, and despite the glares they occasionally got no one yet felt brave enough to challenge the couple. A thick cloud of smoke lingered in the air, creating a dull haze that made it even harder for the local drunks to navigate through the tavern.

The bar catered to both humans and orcs, or at least, it did for the moment. Gorath's company had been sent to Stoler, a small town on the Thestan border with the Angrian March a few months ago to defend against the last of the orc raiders. A few communities still existed, those that hadn't migrated to Zentara along with Turogg's Goltenak tribe.

"How much longer do we have to stay in this shit hole?" The orc asked his companion in a booming voice.

"Only till something better comes up. You got somewhere else you'd rather be?" The short haired woman answered Gorath in his own tongue before taking a swig from her own mug of ale. Her long, dexterous fingers stroked slowly up his chest as she smirked irreverently at the orc.

Gorath grunted, but admittedly he had nothing to say to that. If they weren't in this dive in some shit town, they'd be in another dive in a probably shittier town. Mercenary work in Thesta wasn't as active or exciting as he had hoped. After Turogg had conquered his tribe, Gorath and some other orcs fled into Thesta to avoid having to serve under him. The King of Thesta decided to hire him and his men to help defend against orc raiders, assuming that they would best know how to thwart their own kind. The work had been good, at least until Turogg made the alliance with the humans to the south.

Gorath's musings were interrupted when a human stumbled over to their little table. "Hey lass, what are you doing with that grey pig? Don't you want a real man or do you just like fucking animals?"

"If I see a real man I'll tell you. I like big men with cocks to match. So take your needle dick and fuck off."

The human spluttered in rage and leaned forward, grabbing the short haired woman's breast. "I'll show you who's a real man!"

In the blink of an eye, the woman seized her mace up from beside the table and smashed it into the man's elbow, breaking his arm. A quick backhand followed, sending the man and his teeth sprawling onto the floor. Gorath rose from the chair as the man's friends approached. Swinging his big grey fist, he sent the first flying back into the bar. "You were right Kat, I didn't have anywhere better to be! Hah!"

Katerei grinned at the big orc and stepped over the fallen man to stand beside him. Katerei didn't need his protection, she had trained the Princess Knight of Thesta herself. However, she wasn't exactly knight material, so she wasn't welcomed into the Falcon Guard. Instead, she was hired to guard the border and be Gorath's liaison with the Crown. "See? Something always turn up, I always tell you!"

One of the men punched Gorath in the side, but his muscular frame absorbed the hit easily. He grabbed the man by the shirt and lifted him off the ground, and then threw him into a table. He then picked up a chair and broke it over the head of the man he punched as he tried to rise off the floor. A third man broke a bottle and tried to come at the large orc from behind, but Katerei shattered his jaw with her mace and sent the man reeling.

"Come on lover, let's get out of here before we hurt any more of them. We're still paying the tab from the last fight, and Her Royal Highness said she'd skin us alive if we killed any more of her people."

Back to back, Gorath and Katerei left the bar, the other patrons in a wary circle around them. The other orcs left as well, tensions being high and none of them wanting to start another general brawl. Once they cleared the tavern, Gorath let out a booming laugh, and Kat soon joined him. She hung her mace back on her belt, and then jumped up into the large orc's arms. Gorath growled softly as he felt her slender, but firm and muscular body pressed against him. His hand tightened around her rear, squeezing and massaging her ass as he carried her towards their camp.

Gorath's cock began to stir as Kat leaned it to softly kiss his tusk and lick up along the bony protrusion. The feeling of her strong, calloused hands drifting over his bare chest and caressing his muscles made his heart beat faster. Orc women were timid, docile creatures, and most human women only laid with an orc when forced, and screamed and fought the whole time.

Kat was a different sort all together. A strong warrior woman, she was a lioness in bed and a true pleasure to fuck. Gorath slid his fingers between Katerei's thighs as he quickened his pace, rubbing her vulva through her own pants. She moved her lips to his, planting a kiss in between the orc's tusks. Their tongues intertwined, dancing together as she ran her hands all over the Gorath's torso.

As they moved through the small town, he spun her about, facing her away from him. One powerful hand reached down the front of her pants to support her weight by resting her womanhood on his palm. He rubbed and stroked her slit as it dampened, while his other arm wrapped about her chest to fondle her breast and pin her securely to his body.

Katerei laughed, the musical notes drifting through the streets as she pushed and nuzzled against him. Gorath could feel his fingers getting wetter as she grinded herself into the hand, while her nipple hardened beneath his fingers. His shaft swelled and hardened to its full length, straining against his breeches, and throbbing in pent up desire, bursting to be freed. After what seemed an eternity, he reached the tent they shared in their camp. Gorath pressed his lips firmly to Kat's, holding it a moment before prying her off his body and tossing her to the bedroll.

Gorath stripped off his pants in a hurry as Katerei lifted her shirt over her head and tossed it away. The large orc gazed at the bare breasts, smaller than many he had seen in the past. Kat told him it was a result of the training she did. At the moment, Gorath didn't care. The mounds were more than enough for him. Kat kicked off her boots and slid her pants down as he approached her. Naked on the floor, Kat reached up to grasp the base of his shaft and began to stroke it smoothly. 

Gorath groaned in satisfaction at the feeling of the human woman's small hands tightly wrapping around his shaft. His cock twitched and rose against her grip as blood rushed through the member. When Kat began to lick at the underside, he wouldn't have been able to restrain his guttural moan even if he wanted to. Orc women usually didn't do this for their men, their tusks tended to get in the way. Whichever human harlot had invented this was a fucking genius, he thought. Gorath pressed his thick grey hand atop her head and stroked through the short black locks.

"Damn that feels good, Kat. Do all human women get taught how to do this?"

Kat looked up at him and gave that sly, impish grin of hers. "No, it's just me. I've dislocated so many men's jaws, I thought it was only fair to learn how to do my own." She laughed playfully and wrapped her lips around the slanted tip of the grey shaft as she ran her fingertips up and down over the circular ridges that ran along his cock. Gorath's back arched and a shiver ran through him as she suckled on the tip. The pleasure stabbed through him and he gripped her hair a little tighter to help steady himself. She chuckled around his cock as he pulled on her scalp. One hand left his cock to dig nails into his ass, pinching him back with equal force.

Gorath could only spare a moment's glance of amazement at the way she made her mouth slide up and down the corkscrewed shaft before his eyes shut and another tremor of pleasure ran through him. His hips pushed forward involuntarily, wanting to grind his cock into her mouth. He groaned again as she pressed her lips firmly around the slanted tip in response, and then took his cock deeper again. The orc started to pant as he watched his lover bob faster and faster along the length of his shaft.

"Oh shit!" Gorath cursed as the feeling of her tongue and lips rubbing his shaft suddenly pushed him past his limit. He gave a strangled cry as his climax hit, making his thick shaft explode in her mouth, spewing his hot seed over her tongue. She drew her lips back to the tip as she continued to jerk his cock, while her other hand scratched down the back and around the front of his thigh to softly grasp and squeeze his hanging ball sac. 

Gorath pulled his slick, still hard shaft from her mouth as the feeling of the mouth on his post-orgasmic , overly sensitive cock tip. Katerei looked up at him again with that impudent smirk and crawled to tentflap, sticking her head out to spit the load he deposited in her mouth. The sight of her tight, muscular ass wiggling as she moved was too tempting for him, however. Walking up behind her he crouched behind her and quickly slid his cock all the way into her soaked pussy. She gave a startled cry, no doubt attracting the attention of any passing soldiers, as her head was still sticking out the tent. He began to push against her backside, humping her from behind and working his cock inside her snug pussy.

Kat twisted and bucked against his shaft as she cursed and swore, kicking back at the orc. Gorath laughed, the booming sound reverberating in the confined tent. The feeling of the tight human cunt wrapped around his shaft sent tingles through him. The way she convulsed, it was as if he could feel every fold tightly hugging the contours of the ridges on his cock. As good as it felt though, he relented, and dragged her back into the tent, still impaled on his cock.

Once she was back inside , Kat turned around to look over her shoulder at him. "Oh you're gonna pay for that one Gor!"

Gorath laughed and thrust harder, drowning out any further protests with her own moans. Katerei started to buck her hips more deliberately, rocking them in a slow pattern to stir his cock inside her and rub the tip against her hot, wet walls. He placed his large hands on her shapely rear, eyeing the contrast between her tanned complexion and his own grey skin, before moving his gaze up to her face. She looked to be lost in ecstasy, and the pleasure on her face made him grunt and fuck her more urgently.

Gorath leaned over her and nuzzled her neck and cheek with his tusks as he slapped his hips into her backside. Each thrust pushed her forward across the ground, making him have to pull her back into his cock each time. His grunts mixed with her own lusty moans as they pushed and grinded against one another. The sensation of the tight human pussy opening for his strong thrust, and then wrapping tightly around his cock made his nerves buzz and sent his blood boiling.

"Oh fuck Kat, you're so tight!" Gorath grunted in pleasure as Katerei clenched herself around his cock and then jerked her hips roughly from side to side. Her vigorous bucking slammed her backside against him again and again as she eagerly rode his cock. The large orc leaned father forward, changing positions to lean atop the smaller human woman. 

"Mmm...that's it Gor, you're so hot...ah...it feels so good!" Kat purred hotly as he slipped his big hands over her breasts, completely covering the human woman's mounds. He rolled his palms over her taut nipples, and grinned in delight as the attention to those sensitive nubs made her squirm beneath him. He held her close to his body as he laid atop her, the two becoming one as his thick, turgid shaft pumped in and out of her. 

They arched their backs in rhythm, pushing and rubbing against one another as they cavorted in pleasure. Kat reached back to grip his arms, squeezing them tightly as she pulled herself up against his cock. Gorath pressed his face into the back of her head, inhaling the scent of her hair before nuzzling his tusks against the side of her neck, kissing, licking, and suckling on the soft flesh. She tilted her head towards him, rubbing her face and neck against his tusks as she squeezed him inside her and rubbed her firm ass against his stomach.

"Mmm...ah...yes it's good...Gor! Keep going! Nnng...oh shit how did I fuck before orcs!" Katerei squealed in delight as he slid his corkscrewed shaft all the way inside her. The warrior woman writhed and undulated passionately around his cock, her strong hips and thighs squeezing her vaginal walls around his meat to milk it desperately inside her.

"It takes a special kind of human woman to love orc dicks," Gorath panted, his words halting and broken as he tried to hold back the rising tide of his pleasure. The large orc squeezed Kat's tits tightly, leaving red marks along the curves. The pain didn't deter her though, as he knew it wouldn't. She merely cried out louder and grinded against him more urgently.

His hot breath flowed over her neck as he began to slam his hips against her, each thrust lifting her up and then smashing her against the earth floor of the tent. "Fuck Kat! I can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna cum!"

"Ah...pull it out! Pull it out!"

The large orc obliged his sexy lover, ripping his cock out just moments before he erupted, spilling his hot sticky seed all over her back and bottom. As his hot seed rained down on Kat, the human cried out, shuddering violently as her own ecstasy washed over her. As the last of his cum splashed on Katerei, Gorath rolled to the side and fell beside her, panting for breath. He draped on arm over Kat's muscular back and squeezed her firmly as they both recovered from their climaxes.

"Mmm...that was delicious as always Gor. I wonder what it is about smashing a man's face in that gets me so hot."

Gorath's laugh boomed through the tent. "Smashing things with a hard stick? Yeah, I wonder where that comes from."

Katerei's lighter, more lyrical laughter joined his own, and then she turned to face him and cuddled her body against his hot chest. Gorath licked his lips, and then hers as the firm breasts and hard nipples rubbed against his muscular torso. The orc kissed her deeply again, as he ran his large grey hand over her smooth, light skin. It was easy for him to scoop her up, for her small, human female body to become lost in his own large body. 

His shaft began to stir again, but before they could go for another round they were interrupted by a voice outside the tent. "Captain, Kat, there's a messenger here from Her Highness."

Kat sighed and sat up, reaching for a tunic to pull over her body. Gorath couldn't help but admire the sight of the shirt that fell not even halfway down her thighs, and being untied on top revealed a generous amount of her cleavage. The orc pulled his own breeches on, and then called outside the tent. "Send him in, then. Can't keep Her Highness' business waiting."

A moment later the flaps to the tent parted and a messenger decked out in the livery of a Thestan servant entered. His impeccably clean blue shirt with red and gold lines around the shoulders and down the sides were a stark contrast to the dirty brown and grey colors of their own kit. The messenger looked around, a grimace of distaste on his face as he was forced to inhale the scent of their recent coupling and look upon the large orc's muscular bare chest. He showed a little more interest in Katerei's alluring visage, and after admiring the sight a moment he got down to business.

"Orders from Her Highness. You're to strike camp immediately and begin marching south to Zentara."

"Zentara? What the fuck are we supposed to do there," Katerei asked the messenger.

"Heste has launched an attack to reclaim the Duchy of Braden. The King does not want to become involved, but Her Highness has decided that some 'unofficial' help could be useful." The messenger turned back to Gorath. "Your company is to meet with Trodott, the Chancellor of Zentara and receive further instructions from him."

Kat shot Gorath a sharp glance, but the orc remained focused on the messenger. "If that is what Her Highness wants, that's what she'll get. We'll be ready to move within the week."

"Excellent." The messenger turned back to Kat and handed her a sealed scroll. "Additional instructions from the Princess, for your eyes only. I don't know what is in it, so don't ask. I've entrusted the quartermaster with your six month fee, future payments and compensations will come from the Queen of Zentara. Good day to you Captain, lady."

The messenger quickly departed, looking relieved to escape the scene. Kat walked over to Gorath, pressing against him and stroking his back with her hand. "It's not going to be a problem for you, is it? Serving Zentara and its King."

Gorath chuckled and shrugged his shoulders. "Why would it be? Fighting is fighting and serving one king is just as good as serving another."

"This King defeated your tribe and scattered your people. That's not just like serving any other king."

Gorath grinned at his lover. "Tribes rise and fall all the time. It is the nature of things. Turogg forged himself a mighty tribe, but it will fall one day, just like mine and all the others. Some other will take its place. That's life, Kat. So sure, I'll take his gold today, and maybe tomorrow I'll smash his skull in and take his tribe for my own."

Katerei smirked and gave his ass a light slap. She then broke open the Princess' message and began reading. "I'm glad you're taking this so well. The last thing we need is to be feuding with the King while we're trying to make nice with the Queen." 

****

Susannah stroked down the long sleeves of her green velvet dress. She then spread out the long skirt which draped to her ankles, and slowly turned about as she admired her reflection in the mirror. The dress was more covering than anything she had worn in a long time, and it wrapped around her like a warm, comforting blanket. The modest dress was a welcome change from the plethora of scanty and revealing outfits that Bodak liked to see her in.

Thinking of Bodak sent a twinge of guilt and regret through her, and then shame for the relief she felt now that he was gone. Though she did her best to love him, his intemperate and erratic nature meant living with him was like sleeping under a hanging sword. Although she didn't know how the war would turn out, at least for the moment King Connor didn't seem intent on hurting or killing her. On the contrary, he had shown her every courtesy.

Though he hadn't included her in his grand plans, she did gleam that he was in league with her father in this war against Zentara. Through shrewd observations and the wily diplomacy she had developed ruling the Duchy as best she could for Bodak, she was able to discover that Heste hadn't invaded Zentara yet, but was instead holding the pass while it besieged all the cities and castles in Braden that hadn't surrendered yet. She didn't know where that left her family, but she intended to find out.

It was hard to get any information though, locked up in the castle. 

Susannah looked at herself one last time. The dress they had found fit her snuggly. It seemed to be oddly cut, tight in the waist, and then looser as it went up the body as opposed to having a more consistent shape. Perhaps that was the Hesten custom, she thought, as all the dresses they brought her seemed to fit this way. Susannah left her chambers to meet with Connor. He had summoned her early that morning, and she hoped he would finally reveal more of what he intended.

She also wanted to know what happened to the rest of the castle staff. She'd been waited on be Hesten girls since arriving, and neither heard no seen Stefan since the castle fell. She even would have accepted seeing Betsy again, as at least her face would be familiar.
