 Delma was buried up to her nose in Romina's pussy. The princess had discovered that she liked receiving oral pleasures from the women much more than the men. When Dev or his men-at-arms went down on her it was always for one of two reasons: Dev wanted to get her wet to penetrate her easier or they simply wanted the delight of seeing her cum. They all told her that her orgasms were the most beautiful to watch and she suspected they went down on her just to watch her reaction.

When one of the girls when down on her, it was because they desired to give her pleasure, there wasn't necessarily a need to make her cum, but that was often a nice secondary effect. As a result the little death's the girls gave her were even more powerful than with the men.

It was nice to look down at Delma's slightly dusky face framed between her raised thighs and resting on her bed of golden curls. Usually Delma kept her eyes closed and concentrated on licking and sucking all over her pudenda, but every once in a while the other woman would open her eyes and see what Romina's reaction was. It was a beautiful feeling having another woman between legs giving her pleasure just for the joy of it.

She didn't like it that Delma suddenly pulled back and looked at her princess quizzically. "What?" she asked, exasperated and upset for Delma had been building her up to a nice plateau of pleasure.

"You taste different," Delma said, licking the moisture off her lips.

"Every woman's flavor changes throughout the wax and wane of the moon," Romina said, her anger rising slightly. She just wanted Delma's face back where it belonged: buried in her quim.

Delma shook her head, but her smile became large on her face. Her white teeth shone, matching the sparkling excitement in her eyes. "No, that's not it. You're pregnant."

Although a thrill of excitement ran through her body, Romina refused to believe her. "I am not."

The dark haired woman lowered her mouth and tasted Romina again. "Oh, but you are. But there are other ways to check other than by simple taste." She got up from the mattress where she had been laying and knelt between Romina's thighs. She inserted two fingers on her left hand into Romina's slick, wet sex and pressed forward, searching deep inside her princess. With her right hand she pressed down on Romina's lower abdomen, searching for her ripening womb.

"Ow!" Romina complained when her lady-in-waiting found the right spot.

"Oh, you've got a bellyful all right," Delma announced, pulling her fingers out of Romina's sex and licking off the tangy juices.

The breeding princess beamed at her lady. "This is wonderful!" she cried.

"Ready to go back to the city and make the proclamation?"

She ignored the question and answered herself. "Now I can fuck all of the men together. Get them all now. I need to have them all in a row."

Slightly puzzled by the princess's reaction, Delma got up and raced out of the bedroom to find the rest of the inhabitants of the tower. Romina watched her go, admiring the way her pregnancy belt accentuated her hips and set of the jiggling globes of her ass. She sighed and slipped her hand down between her legs. No use letting the feeling fade while her lady rushed to find the men to fulfill her needs. She didn't slide her fingers into her cunt for she knew there was no possibility that her hand would be enough to fill her—even the men's cocks were barely enough—but she kept them busy teasing and playing with her tiny pleasure bud until a noise at the stairs brought her out of her sexual reverie.

"Delma said you were in need of my services," Tof said, announcing his presence. He must have been by himself, unconcerned with the needs of the girls for he was fully dressed in his under-uniform. The tight shirt and loose fitting loincloth made him and immediate object of her desire. Though not excitingly handsome, he was rugged and muscular; that's what she wanted now.

"Yes, I need you go fuck me." She turned her body slightly and parted her legs to display her pink and wet sex, ready to be mounted.

Tof hesitated. "Dev doesn't want me or Nes fucking you in the pussy. He wants to make sure it's his kid in your belly."

"Delma didn't tell you?" she asked, sliding one hand invitingly down her inner thigh. "I'm already carrying his child. I can't get pregnant a second time until I birth the child. Come," she told him, waving him forward with her free hand, using the other to play with her golden curls and tease her bright red sex bud.

He wasn't a man of stern self-discipline. A woman telling him she needed to have him was all he needed to know. Tof pulled off his garments, displaying his already raging cock and crawled onto the bed with Romina. She grabbed his manhood and guided it into her hot sex. 

Tof was pleased. He had seen and heard her desires to be filled as completely as possible over the past weeks, even though he was more than adequately endowed to please any woman, he had seen the giant glass phallus she had used on herself and knew there was no way he could compete with that. She was surprisingly tight and enjoyable. Romina hooked her ankles around his back pulling him forward deeper into her with each thrust. Tof wasn't a man of fine desires either, it didn't take him long to finish and spend his seed inside her closed womb.

His hot flood was enough to push Romina into a little death; she held her breath as the wave of pleasure broke over her body.

"Very good," Dev said from his position at the top of the stairs. Standing next to him was Nes. Both men were already nude and sporting hard cocks. Dev gave Nes a light shove with his shoulder. "Go ahead and have her," he invited his other man-at-arms. Tof got off of Romina's desirable body, showing her violated cunt already dripping with Tof's white seed. Nes always enjoyed a good, wet and sloppy pussy; Romina welcomed him with a hand around his cock, guiding him into her, and a deep kiss to show her appreciation. 

She was so wet from Tof's leavings and her own natural juices that Nes had trouble finding an angle and rhythm that gave him the right amount of friction inside of Romina's pussy. Still, she was an enthusiastic and beautiful lover and he didn't want to disappoint her. He pounded away at her, feeling every inch of her cunt as he slammed into her with workmanlike regularity. Romina realized he was having trouble achieving orgasm so she did what any good princess would do to assist her bedmate. She grabbed the base of his cock around his scrotum and used her other hand to work around his hips and explore the cleft of his buttocks. He didn't stop his thrusting as she groped around his sensitive regions, in fact he seemed to relish what she had in mind. All it took was a simple twist of his balls and firm pressure on his anus with her index finger to make his climax erupt up from his groin and out the tip of his cock.

His seed joined with Tof's making Romina's cunt a soggy depository of copulation fluids. She didn't care what happened to her now, she was little more than a pleasure center with a body attached.

Dev took no time in waiting for Nes to leave; he all but pulled the man off his future wife and plunged his own cock into her abused sex hole. She was wet and sore by this point, she loved the humiliation and the abuse. Her nerves sang with pain and pleasure, unable to distinguish between the two sensations. She only half-recognized the man who was to be her husband, the man who's child she was carrying.

"Fuck me!" She cried. "Rape me! Use me!"

Lucy and Delma had gathered in the room to watch the spectacle. It was both erotic and unnerving. While Lucy was excited and thrilled by the wanton abandon of her princess, Delma found it slightly disturbing. No woman should be such an object of sex, just sex and almost no pleasure, in her silent opinion.

Dev was a blur of action, moving so fast the eye could barely follow him. If he was trying to pleasure Romina, it hardly showed for she was little more than a target for him to abuse. Even given his strange behavior, Romina didn't seem to mind, she cried out in both pain and ecstasy, waiting for him to fill her womb once again with his powerful white seed. It didn't take long before he too finished inside of Romina, calling out to the gods above with a strangled cry and collapsed against Romina's abused body.

Lucy had watched the proceedings with rapt fascination. She curled her arm around Delma's waist and asked, "Isn't it beautiful?"

Delma didn't answer, she only looked at her younger friend in mild amazement. "That's certainly one point of view," she finally said.

"Here, feel," Lucy said, taking her friend's hand and bringing it to her belly. Delma misunderstood and dropped her hand lower, searching for Lucy's quim. "No, not there, silly, up here." She redirected Delma's soft hand upward, just above the pubic bone. Delma's experienced fingers probed her friend's belly and discovered her womb too was full and ripening.