 Author's Note: I am going to take a two week break to work on a different series and to do some editing on Zentara. If all goes according to plan, an alternate version of Orc Dominion: Zentara Ch. 12 will be posted in two weeks. Expect Chapter of 07 of Rebellion to be a week after that. So, bottom line, the next chapter will be in three weeks. Please feel free to leave a comment or send me feedback on ideas for the revamped chapter 12, kinks you want to see in the future, or really, just about anything you want. I love interacting with readers!

****

Jeanette watched the countryside roll past as she sailed west along the coast of Zentara. She was told that on a clear day, if you looked far to the southwest you could see the Elfish Isles, but so far it wasn't something she had been able to manage. The Elfish King Eomowien had been supportive during the war, sending her a finely wrought hand crossbow, as well as a chest of jewels to help fund the war. She was grateful for the gifts, but also well aware that he would do the same for King Connor if he should take the throne. Ruar was the closest port to the Elfish Isles, and the gateway for all their goods to reach the mainland. Any elf ruler had to secure the friendship of Zentara if he wanted his people to prosper.

As a cool sea breeze blew past and made dark strands of hair whip about her face, Jeanette thought of how glad she was to be on campaign again. Although it was hard to leave her children again so soon, it was feeling oppressive in the city. The rumor campaign against her had gotten much worse, with lewd tales specific in every lurid detail being repeated in brothels and taverns around the city. Jeanette was used to the bawdy things that the men of the city said about her, she had to be given the way she dressed and her relationship with Turogg. But these tales were different; they were true! How someone had learned of her escapades in the brothel she had no idea. If it had happened a year ago she might have suspected one of the orcs who knew got drunk and let the tale slip.

All of the orcs who might have known were gone from the city, however. Plus, they would have no reason to spread the tale as persistently as her unseen enemy was doing. Part of her did wish she was back in Ruar tracking down this agent working against her. In the end though, she decided being in the field winning victories for Zentara was a more surefire way of quashing the rumors, or at least, rendering them irrelevant. Frantically trying to control the damage in Zentara would only make them the stories seem more believable.

Jeanette's mind turned back to the woman who attacked her. She seemed so familiar to her, like some shadowy figure from her past. Was it a coincidence? First the woman attacks her, and then these stories get spread? The only people who could know the specific details of what went on at the Soiled Dove were either clients or customers. It couldn't be a client; he might know one or two stories, but not all of them. That meant it had to be someone who worked there. Jeanette's mind suddenly turned to the girl she met there, the one who taught her the rules of the game. What was her name? Cindy! Images flashed before her, images of auburn hair and the stage in the brothel surrounded by the girls. The woman who attacked her had auburn hair. Dread seeped through her veins as she remembered the anger and disgust in Cindy's face as she called her a pig fucker.

It had to be the same woman. The woman from the camp was older and harder, with none of the soft edges that she remembered Cindy having. And what would she be doing in a mob from Shropfordshire? Still, it was the best lead she had. Unfortunately, she had no way to send a message to Trodott until they landed in Tranor. Then she could send a ship back to Ruar to let the Chancellor know who to look for.

"Your Highness, you wanted to see me?"

Jeanette turned and smiled at Kat as the warrior woman slid beside her at the railing of the ship. "Yes, Kat, thank you for coming." Jeanette paused, an awkward silence lingering for a moment, before the Queen finally continued. "I just wanted to speak with you, to clarify some things, so that we're all on the same page, so to speak."

Katerei's lips turned upward faintly. "About you and Gor, you mean? Gorath did tell me what happened, Your Highness, and I'm sure he told you that I was OK with it. There's nothing to worry about, at least, not on my account."

Jeanette smiled gratefully. "I'm pleased to hear it. I don't want you to think that, well, that this is part of his duties. I certainly don't want to be ordering anyone to do anything they're uncomfortable with, either."

Kat laughed softly. "Oh you don't have to worry about that, Your Highness. Gorath isn't feeling forced at all. He was practically glowing when I saw him again." Kat grinned a little wider. "Though I don't know how pleased I should be; now he won't stop asking to let him put it in my ass! Did you really insist he fuck you there, Your Highness?"

Jeanette's face turned crimson. "Yes, Turogg is the only one allowed to put it inside my pussy. It wouldn't do for...well, for things to get carried away and have someone shoot inside me by mistake. The royal line must remain pure, after all."

"Of course," Kat continued to grin, "of course there are other ways to play which don't carry that risk. I envy Gor the chance to play them with you."

Jeanette paused. Was Kat coming on to her? That hadn't happened since the games she played back in the Soiled Dove. With Cindy. That past was really following her around today. Kat leaned closer to her, and she locked eyes with the warrior woman.

"You don't seem too shocked, Your Highness. Have you played such games before? Maybe...maybe you'd like to play with Gor and me, together?" 

Before Jeanette could respond, Kat pressed her soft lips into the Queen's. Jeanette's eyes widened in surprise, but as the kiss lingered and Kat wrapped her up in the woman's firm grip, they gently closed as she pushed herself against her. She could feel the woman's small breasts rub against her own larger ones through the thin fabrics of their shirts, and her mouth opened to accept Kat's tongue as it pushed inside.

Jeanette's hands found their way to Kat's waist, squeezing softly as the fingers gently stroked along the curve to the woman's firm backside. Katerei's own hands were passionately groping the Queen's backside, each one lifting a cheek and massaging it in her firm grip. The kiss broke for a second as both women caught their breath, and then their lips pressed together once more as their tongues danced again.

The Queen's nipples hardened as they slipped and slid over Kat's tits. The feeling of their breasts rubbing together sent a delicious quiver of pleasure through her body. Jeanette's pussy started to moisten, and she could feel her panties turning damp as she made out with the warrior woman.

A shrill whistle broke their kiss, and Jeanette flushed with embarrassment as a sailor leered at them. When he caught sight of who he had spied on though, he quickly averted his eyes and hurried below deck to continue on with his duties.

"Say you'll meet us tonight, Your Highness. Just say the word, and Gorath and I will play with you all night long."

Jeanette nodded, and then hurried into the forecastle of the ship to the Captain's quarters, which had been given to her for the trip. She thought back to the times that she kissed other women while working in the brothel. It had always been to titillate the men, not for her own enjoyment. It was pleasant, sure, even a little fun, but not the same as being covered by a large, strong body and filled with his manhood.

Of course, it wasn't just Kat who wanted to play with her. It was going to be her, Kat, and Gorath. It had been a long time since she'd shared a man with another woman. Since meeting Turogg, it had always been her and multiple men. Now it would be her and Kat sharing Gor. A shiver of excitement went through her at the thought. I wonder how she and Gor fuck. They've been together for a long time, do they have tricks? Things they do for each other? Things to teach me, that I can try on Turogg?

The rest of the day passed in a blur as she waited for Kat and Turogg to arrive. Late that night, after the crew had gone to sleep the warrior woman and her orc lover slipped inside Jeanette's rooms. Her heart beat furiously in anticipation, and her panties were already soaked with her juices, hot and ready to play with them both.

No one said anything, and thick, sexual tension filled the air of the small cabin. Katerei moved to stand before Jeanette, while Gorath slid behind her, letting her soft body rest on his muscular chest. Kat pressed her lips into Jeanette's again, as her hands clasped the Queen's narrow waist. Jeanette wore only a thin tunic and her panties, and her legs spread to push the damp gusset into Kat's thigh as the woman pressed close.

Gorath's strong, muscular hands stroked Jeanette's biceps, rubbing her arms as he pressed his bulging member against her backside, grinding softly. He leaned forward and nuzzled his tusks into her neck, and then licked and nibbled softly on her flesh. She moaned softly, rocking her hips to rub back against his member as she opened her mouth for Kat, returning the kiss eagerly.

Jeanette began to roll her hips in a wave, pushing into Gorath's cock and then grinding forward against Kat's thigh. She tried to bring her hands forward to touch the other woman, but the large orc held them firm in his grasp, instead lifting them over her head. Kat raised Jeanette's blouse, kissing her stomach softly as she slowly lifted the shirt over the Queen's body.

"You've got such lovely breasts, Your Highness. I'm so envious; I could never wrap mine around Gor's cock like you did." Kat nibbled the undersides of each breast softly, and then gently teased the tip of her tongue along the areola. Jeanette purred and shivered as she felt the hot breath wash over her hard nipple, and moved her hips faster in an attempt to get more friction rubbing her puss.

"Ah, thank you! Mmm!" Jeanette moaned louder as Gorath pulled her shirt the rest of the way off her arms and discarded it, and then guided her hands behind her, holding them in place at the small of her back. Kat wrapped her lips around the Queen's nipple and suckled softly, easing her tongue around it as her hand slid between Jeanette's thighs. Jeanette quivered in pleasure as Kat's fingers traced over her clit, brushing it gently back and forth before pressing the fabric of her panties into the Queen's wet crevice.

Kat reached past Jeanette with her other hand and unlaced Gorath's pants, freeing his cock. She stroked the slab of grey meat slowly, and then pressed it into the Queen's hand. Jeanette squeezed the meat, stroking it with her fingers. Katerei slid her hand down to clasp Jeanette's wrist, and moved her arm so that she was jerking the cock up and down. "I bet this is what that sailor did earlier, after he saw us kiss. Don't you think? Don't you just know he ran below deck to furiously wank his cock while thinking about how sexy we looked together?"

Kat twirled her tongue around Jeanette's other nipple, making the Queen sigh with pleasure. She then gently kissed down between her large breasts, her lips trailing soft kisses over her taut abdomen. Jeanette continued to squeeze and stroke Gorath's cock, which swelled even larger, thicker, and harder between her slender pink fingers. Kat's dexterous fingers slipped into the waistband of Jeanette's panties, and as her hot breath washed over the gusset she began to slowly peel them down over the Queen's hips.

Jeanette gasped in pleasure and stiffened, pushing her hips out to try and press her pussy to Kat's face. When the warrior women moved away, she groaned in frustration as Katerei giggled. "Mmm...touch me, please!" A heated, saucy grin spread on Jeanette's face. "Don't make me command it!"

"Tch, so impatient, Your Highness. Maybe later, I've got something even better planned for you." Kat chuckled playfully. "Ruar is such an interesting city! You can buy almost anything there, the most wondrous and exquisite things." Kat's voice trailed off as the woman pulled off her boots and pushed down her pants. "I heard stories about these, but I didn't believe it until some barker at a brothel offered to sell me one. Did you know the fine craftsmen of Zentara made them?" Katerei grabbed a small box from Gorath's belt and pulled from it a dildo shaped after an orc's cock.

Jeanette looked at the toy hungrily. It wasn't as big as Grahk's cock, but it was still large, larger than Turogg in fact. She wondered how many were made, or if people even used them. Surely it would be much too big for the average human woman, unless she had been trained for it.

Kat smiled at the glint in Jeanette's eyes. "You have! I bet you have one just like it, don't you, Your Highness?" Katerei reached into the box again and pulled out some leather straps, which she wrapped around her waist and then buckled together. "But have you seen one of these? They told me they use them in sex shows, and when I saw it I immediately thought of you." Kat stripped off her shirt, leaving her naked except for the leather straps buckle around her hips. She then placed the dildo into the harness and locked it in place. Kat approached the Queen again and slide the toy between her thighs. "Didn't I tell you there were games to play that wouldn't cause you to get pregnant?"

Jeanette looked at the thick toy and the harness Kat was wearing, a mixture of shock and arousal on her face. They certainly weren't using those back when she was at the Soiled Dove! Jeanette spread her thighs as Kat pressed against her and started to rub the slanted tip of the dildo against her slit. She moaned softly, working her hips forward against it as she started jerking Gorath faster now. She could feel his hot breath washing over her as he continued to grip her arms tightly. "Y-yes, you did...now put it in me! I cannot wait!"

Kat grinned at Jeanette's eagerness, and happily obliged the Queen. She reached down to help spread the Queen's labia, and then thrust her hips forward, burying the thick sex toy deep into Jeanette's eager puss. She was surprised at how easily it went in; she thought the Queen would have a harder time accepting such a large and thick toy. But after being married to Turogg for eight years, and giving birth to several half-orc children, she supposed that the Queen was bound to be much looser than a normal human woman.

Jeanette groaned in satisfaction as she felt her inner walls stretch around the twisted cock. She thrust her hips forward, meeting Kat's as the two woman bucked and slid against one another. Kat started pumping her hips, pushing in and out faster as she took Jeanette's breast in her mouth again. Gorath pinned Jeanette's wrists with one hand, while the other reached around to squeeze and fondle the other breast.

The orc started to buck his hips, fucking the Queen's fist as he slid against her back, helping to trap her between him and Kat. The Queen shuddered, moaning louder in pleasure as she took the thick girth of the dildo again and again. Kat's slender hand reached around between Jeanette and the orc and slid a single finger between her ass cheeks. She started to roll her fingertip against the Queen's puckered star, pleased at finding it loose and pliable as well.

Kat pushed her index finger into Jeanette's hot ass, and started working it in time with her own thrusts. She bit gently down on Jeanette's nipple, and then pulled softly until the breast popped free of her mouth. She looked up, catching Jeanette's gaze and looked deeply into the Queen's eyes. "Look at me, Your Highness. Look into my eyes as I fuck you!"

Jeanette gazed back heatedly into Kat's dark eyes. Soft moans erupted from her mouth every time the warrior woman moved her hips. She leaned back against Gorath, resting more of the weight on the strong orc as she surrendered to the pleasure. They were both working a breast now, kneading and massaging her sensitive flesh. She squeezed her ass around Kat's finger as she clenched the toy tightly inside her pussy. She quickly released it, and began moving her hips faster as she eagerly fucked Kat back.

"I bet you want something else in here, don't you? My itsy bitys teenie weenie little finger can't give you what you need, can it?" Kat wiggled her finger for emphasis as she stirred it deep inside the Queen. "I bet you want Gor's thick orc cock lodged in your royal ass, don't you my Queen?"

Jeanette shuddered at the words, the dirty talk making her quiver with need. She could feel her pussy sloshing noisily around the fake dick as it plunged in and out of her. Each of the twisted ridges rubbed her insides wondrously as the sensitive vaginal walls rippled when they parted to swallow it deeper. "Mmm! Yes! Ah...Oh fuck! I want you both! I want you to both fuck me now! Fill me up with your big cocks!" Jeanette turned to try and line up her ass with Gor's cock as she guided it against her cheeks. The thick member was already slick and sticky with his preseed, which was leaking copiously from the tip. Her body tightened around the dildo, and the extra pressure it provided against the nerves in her cunt almost pushed her over the edge right there.

Gorath was happy to oblige. He finally released Jeanette's wrists and used both hands to spread her cheeks apart. He pushed his slanted cock tip against her hole, groaning in pleasure as he found himself filling her up once again. Her ass parted easily for his dick, and soon he found himself rubbing against the strapon through the membrane of her body. He looked at Kat, and grinned as he caught his lover's eyes.

The pair began to move together, thrusting in and out of her as one. Having another dick inside her, even a fake one, made the Queen's ass so much tighter around his cock that he thought he might bust a nut immediately. He had to grit his teeth and grunt as he held back his climax.

Jeanette was not so controlled, and was quickly losing herself to the passion of being fucked by the two sexy warriors. She thrashed and twisted, cavorting lewdly between them. Her body rippled as she clenched her muscles and rocked her hips, stirring the thick cocks inside her. Her large tits bounced against their hands, slapping against them as she threw herself with reckless abandon back and forth into the shafts penetrating deep into her.

Kat panted as she tried to keep up with the Queen's undulations. "Are you going to cum, Your Highness? Are you going to cum for us? Do it, my Queen! I know you need it! I know you crave release, give in to it!" Kat thrust her hips as hard and fast as she could as she pounded into the Queen roughly.

Jeanette cried out shrilly as Kat and Gor worked her over, both of the strong warriors slamming into her as hard as they could. Her body bounced back and forth between them, rocked from side to side by the impact of their thrusts. The world began to blur and spin and she finally cried out in ecstasy as the climax exploded through her. Kat and Gor didn't stop though, but continued to thrust in and out, making her ride the climax even longer.

Gor could no longer hold back as the Queen writhed on his cock, her spasms squeezing and milking his hard shaft so sweetly. He threw his head back and howled as his cock exploded, and rope after rope of his pent up seed shot itself deep into Jeanette's ass. He continued to thrust wildly as he pumped out all the cum that he could, until finally his orgasm began to subside. "Hah...hah....hah..." Gorath panted, until his heavy breaths became a chuckle, "Hah, hah hah I bet everyone on the ship heard that Your Highness!"

Jeanette, flushed deeply from her climax, only moaned as she basked in the afterglow of her climax, regardless of the embarrassment his words elicited. Her heavy breaths made her tits swell and push against Kat, as the lithe, muscular warrior held her up. Kat was shaking from her own excitement, and once Jeanette was steady she yanked her cock out of the Queen, tore of the straps and leaped onto the bed on all fours. "Come and fuck me Gor! It's my turn to feel that big ugly cock of yours!"
