 Cindy smirked to herself, smug at how quickly she had gained admittance into Mr. Beechum's home. Even though eight years had passed since she left the city, her most important client still remembered her, and held her in high regard. Despite The Duke of Haverset's skepticism, she had some connections in high places. The connections were even higher than she expected, by the look of the manor house. Mr. Beechum seemed to have done well for himself in her absence. Marble statues, rich tapestries, and fine porcelain figures adorned the halls she was led through until she found herself in a large receiving chamber.

She wondered what his business was, that he had seen so much success recently. Perhaps he was invested in iron or weapons, as they were in high demand due to the war. The chamber had an open window which overlooked a busy street nearly on the edge of the Noble Quarter. Finely dressed nobles walked the road across from merchants. Such close proximity demanded that Mr. Beechum have friends in the upper class, friends he could influence against the Whore Queen for her.

Cindy's smug grin became a wide, satisfied smile as Mr. Beechum appeared only minutes later. Dressed in fine silk robes, the wealthy merchant had grown fatter since she last saw him. Despite that, he seemed healthier than she remembered. He was clean, wealthy, and anxious to see her, of all people. "Mr. Beechum! How good to see you again! It has been too long. The years have been kind to you, sir!"

"Not as kind to you, dear Cindy. Whatever happened to your face? Did you leave the city to live among the brutal orc tribes? I know how you crave large, manly cocks." Beechum reached out to stroke the cut still healing on Cindy's cheek. "Imagine my surprise when my servant announced your arrival! I would have expected more discretion, my dear; though perhaps you lost such niceties when you left civilization. But I welcome you back, my girl. You must be as eager to see me as I am to see you. I've never found another girl who treats me the way you do."

"As you deserve to be treated, Mr. Beechum." Cindy struggled to maintain her smile. His jab about living among the orcs made her head hurt, and she didn't come here to play games with him. "I am most eager to see you, I have much to tell you, and much more to talk about."

Beechum grinned lecherously at Cindy. "Yes yes my dear, I'm most eager to hear all the things you have to tell me. Do you remember the time we spied on the other clients, and you described how big their cocks were? How they could give women such pleasure, while I could only make them laugh and revile me?"

"Yes, I remember Mr. Beechum, but that's not really what I came here to talk about."

"Nonsense Cindy, what else could there be to discuss after so long?" Beechum started to open his robes, and remove the lengthy sheet of cloth from around his groin.

Cindy gritted her teeth as she watched Beechum undress. His comically small cock seemed even tinier now, with a fleshy belly hanging above it. If he wanted to play first, she had no choice but to comply and give him what he wanted. Putting him in his place might make him more receptive to her ideas anyway. Cindy forced herself to smile, and then managed a giggle as his shaft finally peeked out from beneath the robes.

"I certainly didn't come all this way to discuss that little thing between your legs, Mr. Beechum. It's so small and pathetic, what would be the point? I've been trying hard to forget how sad the sight of it is, not aching to see it again."

Beechum sat down on a couch facing Cindy and started to stroke the shaft with two fingers as he leered at the woman. "It's not that bad, is it Cindy? It must be memorable, even if for being a little small..."

"Hah! You can rest easy knowing that it is at least memorable. I've tried hard to forget it, but it's so disgustingly small that I can't. Seeing you whipping it out now and stroking makes me feel like it might as well have been yesterday the last time I saw it." Cindy looked down at the tiny prick bobbing between his fingers. "I daren't hope that it's managed to grow any in the last eight years. If anything it's smaller, though I don't know how that could be possible."

Beechum grunted as his fingers slipped on the short shaft and ran over the head of his cock. He quickly pinched the slender dick between his fat fingers and resumed rubbing it between them. "I'm sorry Cindy, I don't mean to have such a pathetic dick, nor to stroke it in front of you. You're just so sexy, I can't help myself!"

"Can't help yourself! That's not the first time you've tried to you that excuse, Mr. Beechum. Do I accept your excuses?"

"No Ms. Cindy, you don't." Beechum began to pant as he stroked himself faster.

"And what happens when you try your excuses? What happens when you pull out your tiny prick and stroke it in front of me?" Cindy didn't bother to hide the disgust in her voice, knowing that it would only turn him on more. Eight years ago she had been amused by their little game; now she was just revolted by it. Still, now, like then, she would be paid handsomely for playing it. While she might not be getting coin this time, she'd be getting something even better.

"I get punished, Ms. Cindy!" He licked his lips as his eyes wandered all over Cindy's body, stroking hard at the sight even if it wasn't as young and as beautiful as he remembered.

"That's right Mr. Beechum, you get punished. You deserve to be punished, don't you?"

"Yes! Yes I do, I've been naughty...a dirty, naughty little stroker. It's been so long since I've seen you I just couldn't wait to pull out my little cock and show you how well I can jerk it!"

"That's just what you are, Mr. Beechum. A disgusting little wanker. A pervert who can't help but jerk his tiny cock for any woman with the good sense to laugh at how pathetic he is. And you do need to be punished. Do you have a paddle ready for me? So I can give you the spanking you deserve?" Cindy looked around, eagerness creeping into her heart for the first time. She was actually starting to look forward to punishing Mr. Beechum, to beat him as he deserved.

"N-no Ms. Cindy, when I heard you were here I rushed down without any of my toys. Maybe...maybe you could use your hand?" Beechum sounded so hopeful that it made Cindy snort and laugh cruelly.

"Touch you? With my hand? You have to be joking, Mr. Beechum! As if I would touch you. On the luckiest day of your life I'll let you kiss my feet and lick my quim. But touch you? I shouldn't think so! No, there must be something else I can use on you." Cindy looked around the room until she spotted a plant sitting in a delicate porcelain vase. 

She walked over to it, stroking the trunk up and down, before pulling out her knife to cut off one of the stripling branches. She turned back to Beechum, a malevolent glint in her eye. "Turn around Mr. Beechum. Get on the floor like the pig you are and bend over the couch."

Beechum hurried to comply, kneeling on the floor with his ass out towards Cindy as he rested his fleshy stomach on the couch. "Yes Ms. Cindy! Please punish me!"

"Stop stroking your cock already! You know you'll start spewing your gross little juice all over the place if you don't. If you cum before I say so you'll have to lick it up! Now, brace yourself Mr. Beechum." Without giving him time to prepare, Cindy swung the rod and whipped it across his pale, fat ass. She left a long red welt across his backside, and then another as she struck him again.

"Ah! Yes Ms. Cindy! Thank you! Thank you for punishing me! For treating me like I deserve!" Beechum grunted as he took the spanking, his wide backside jiggling as the rod bit into it again and again.

"Someone has to do it. If you weren't kept in your place, you might begin to actually think you could be with a woman, to please her and satisfy her and we both know that's impossible." She smacked his ass again, and then whipped the backs and sides of his thighs, making him howl.

"Nnng! Yes! You're right of course! There's no way I could, not with such a small cock!" Beechum grunted again, pumping his hips in the air as he flopped his tiny prick, trying to hump the couch but unable to reach it past the girth of his stomach.

A malevolent gleam appeared in Cindy's eyes as she gripped the rod. She swiped it viciously at his backside, painting it red with the deep crimson welts. She smacked him again and again, his grunts reminding her of the sounds the orc merchant made when she stabbed him to death. Her rod danced mercilessly upon the surface of his ass, losing herself in the triumphant moment.

Despite the viciousness of her attack, Beechum responded eagerly to the treatment. Each hit on his backside made him buck and cry out, his little cock bobbing up and down, slicing through the air like Cindy's rod. The tip began to drizzle, leaking out thin streams of precum as he groaned in excitement. Beechum gripped the couch tighter, his knuckles going white as he submitted to the abuse. "Ah! Ah! I'm sorry Cindy! I'm sorry for insulting you with such a small cock! A real sexy woman like you deserves a big cock! A cock as thick as an orc's is what you need!"

A sharp pain in Cindy's head stayed her hand, and as she looked down at the burning red flesh of Beechum's bottom she realized that it was time for something else. Despite his obvious excitement she didn't think his ass could take much more. "You've been such a good boy, accepting your punishment so eagerly. I think you should be rewarded." Beechum started to reach for his cock again, causing Cindy to bark out, "Not your cock, silly boy. I've decided to let you touch me today. You may kiss my feet Mr. Beechum, but be sure to thank me for the honor. A pathetic little jerk off like you has to thank pretty women for the honor of kissing their feet."

Beechum crawled over to her, his thick gut dragging on the floor. He lowered his face to her feet and began to kiss, groveling as he ran his lips all over them. "Thank you Ms. Cindy! You're far too kind, letting such a dirty little stroker like me actually kiss your body! Mmm!" Beechum moaned hotly as he kissed between her toes, and then the tip of each one, moving from foot to foot.

Cindy massaged her temple, the pain gradually receding as she looked down at the humbled merchant. The sight of him there, feeling him kiss and lick her feet was actually getting her a little wet. Cindy wondered if she would be able to get the Duke of Swetford to kiss her feet when she returned to him, and resolved to give it a try. He had proven quite pliable, and if Mr. Beechum was so taken with her that he longed for her eight years later, she was sure that The Duke would as well after an absence of only a few months.

Cindy lifted her foot up and pushed her big toe between Beechum's lips. "Suck it Mr. Beechum. Suck my toe, worship it. It's bigger than your little cock, isn't it? It's more worthy of love and devotion than your pathetic little thing. Lick it, love it. It's the best you can hope for, isn't it?"

Beechum groaned around the toe as he bobbed up and down it, sucking it eagerly. His saliva swished around it as he bathed it in his mouth. He licked it up and down, and wrapped his tongue around the length as he rolled his face down the length. More of his preseed leaked into a puddle beneath him as he worshipped the former prostitute's foot.

As Cindy's arousal grew, she looked down at him with a flushed face. She reached with the rod to lift his chin up so he'd cast his eyes at her. "Such a good, obedient little boy you are Mr. Beechum. I've decided to give you even more of a reward." Cindy grinned heatedly and pulled her toe from his mouth. She then slowly turned around, and lifted up the skirt of her dress to her hips. "Kiss my ass you pathetic little jerk off. Jerk your little dicklette and lick my ass, but don't you dare cum till I say you can!"

Beechum pressed his lips to her ankle and calf, gratefully kissing up the length of her leg to Cindy's ass. "Oh thank you Ms. Cindy! You're too kind! Thank you for letting me kiss your glorious ass! Mmm!" Beechum pressed his lips firmly against her pert ass cheeks, kissing them all over. His face pushed her ass cheeks apart as he kissed the inner curve of her ass, his lips seeking out her anal ring.

Cindy moaned in pleasure as she felt Beechum's tongue brushing over her asshole. After years of being used for men's pleasure, it felt wonderful having a man submit to hers. She had forgotten how good this felt, or perhaps she just hadn't appreciated it before. "That's it Mr. Beechum, lick my ass! Does it excite you? Worshipping the hot ass that hundreds of real men with big cocks have fucked? Are you thinking of them now? Imagining how much bigger than you they were? How much pleasure they were able to give me?"

Cindy moved the rod between her legs and started to rub it against her wet slit. She pushed into it, grinding against it as she coated the bark with her juices. Fingers from one hand furiously stroked her clit while her other hand rolled the stick between her folds. She moaned out in pleasure, lowering her weight atop Beechum's face as she pressed her ass more firmly on his mouth.

Beechum stuck out his tongue, thrusting it as deep into Cindy's ass as he could manage. He twirled it in her hot backside, pushing at the walls of her ass as he flicked it in and out, rubbing it all about inside her. He groaned at her words, jerking his tiny cock faster between two fingers. His head spun as blood pounded through him, heart racing a mile a minute as he tongued her sweet ass.

"I guess you are, you certainly seem to enjoy the thought of all those huge, manly cocks pushing in and out of me. I can hear you stroking faster and faster and faster. Are you almost ready to cum for me, Mr. Beechum?" Her own words were heavy and breathless from her panting. She pushed the rod inside her, thrusting it in and out as she rolled her clit between her fingers, squeezing and stroking it eagerly as she sought to bring herself to climax as well.

"Yes Ms. Cindy! I'm so close! Please let me cum! Please I need it so bad!" Beechum begged for release feverishly before plunging his tongue back inside. His lips kissed her anal ring firmly, passionately as his tongue wiggled and writhed inside her bottom. One hand gripped her ass, kneading the flesh eagerly as the other stroked his tiny cock in a blur.

Cindy thrust her hips, humping the stick eagerly as she quivered in the precipice of climax. She reveled in the feeling of the wealthy merchant tonguing her asshole, feeling her dominance over him. Her pleasure finally exploded inside her, crashing through her body in waves as she convulsed in ecstasy. "Yes! Cum for me then! Shoot out your disgusting load for my ass!" 

Beechum cried out in relief as he finally let go, allowing his cum to spurt out his short, thin prick. His weak seed splattered on the floor, dribbling out his pathetic shaft. It quickly covered his fingers and splashed wetly, coating his tiny prick as he continued to rub it furiously between his fingers.

Cindy panted for breath as she recovered from her climax, pulling the stick from between her legs. She stepped away from Beechum, fixing her skirt and letting the rod fall to the floor. She turned to look down at the merchant, sneering for a moment at how pathetic he looked, kneeling there on the floor covered in his own seed.

"Get up now, Mr. Beechum, we still have my small matter to discuss."

Beechum crawled to the couch, needing to grab onto the furniture in order to pull himself up. "Yes yes, my dear, yes, what is it that is so urgent?"

"Do you remember, back at the Soiled Dove, that girl we played with sometimes? Jeanette?"

Beechum nodded, still breathless from his climax. "Pretty girl? Dark hair? Large tits? The dirty harlot? Yes, I remember."

Cindy's face tightened as the anger began to build inside her again, quick on the heels of her climax. "Yes, her. She's a dirtier harlot than you know, Mr. Beechum. She wasn't just some working girl, that was the Queen, Jeanette Grenally. Having her fun being a whore in a brothel!"

Beechum paused, considering that and doing his best to remember the girl. He had heard all the stories flying around the city, and now compared what he heard to what he knew about her. After a moment, he chuckled softly and said, "Well, that explains how she was able to take that big orc cock so easily."

"It's not a laughing matter! Our Whore Queen has sold our Kingdom to the orcs! She's sullying the throne and needs to be gone!" 

"You're being a bit dramatic, aren't you my dear? Things aren't so bad in the Kingdom. In many ways they're better now than they were under her father. A bit less peaceful perhaps, but there's still money to be made. Much more of it now than before." Beechum pulled on his robe, tying it around his waist. He looked at Cindy again, and was taken aback by the change that came over her.

Cindy stewed in her rage at how nonchalantly Beechum was taking the news. "She's a pig fucker! An orc whore! How can we follow a slut who spreads her legs for those animals?"

"Orcs, humans, we're not all that different. Life goes on. Come now, calm down my girl. It's not like you never fucked an orc before. Left to become an orc whore yourself, or so the Madame told me."

"She set them on me! That spiteful, petty bitch had me raped by orcs for revenge! Now she lords it up over all of us, turning the castle into a brothel! She needs to be stopped and I'm going to stop her!" Cindy paced up and down the room, feet stomping. She reached down, picking up the rod again to swipe it violently through the air.

"You're going to stop her? You? Oh dear, it's you, isn't it? You're the one who has been telling all those stories about the Queen? Now what, you want me to help you? You're mad girl. The Queen has made me a rich man and I'm not about to throw all that away! You shouldn't either, go back to spreading your legs for the orcs, you'll be far richer and happier that way."

As Beechum shouted for his servants, his taunt about spreading her legs for the orcs sent Cindy into another blind rage. She threw the rod at him, and then drew her knife from its little sheathe and set upon him. Cindy screamed as she sunk the blade into his corpulent flesh. In and out, the blade jabbed and thrust into his body as she stabbed him over and over.

Beechum cried out and fell to the floor as the mad girl attacked him. He tried to ward her off, but the knife kept striking, hitting him again and again. Cindy continued to scream as the blade sank into the merchant.

His servants finally arrived, pulling her off Beechum's bloody body. She twisted and thrashed, cutting one servant and then stabbing another until she was released. She ran through the halls of the manor, trying to remember the way out. Alarm spread, and soon servants were running in from all over. Cindy found herself surrounded, but she didn't give in. She cut and sliced and stabbed until something heavy hit her on the back of the head and the world went dark.

****

Jeanette blocked her opponent's sword with her shield and counterattack with a vicious swing. It didn't connect, so Jeanette stepped back to brace herself. Her arms ached as she struggled to raise her sword and shield. She wondered what her parents would think if they could see her now. It had been almost ten years since they passed, and things had changed so much. Here she was, their once delicate princess wielding a sword and shield and leading an army to war. Though she didn't think they would approve of everything she'd done, they would at least be proud of how well she'd done it. 

It had been a while since she thought of them, and it made her heart ache to think of the whole she had left in her life. Is this how her children felt when she went away? Since this new crisis had erupted, she'd spent weeks, months away from home. Did they miss her as much as she missed them? Agmar had pleaded with his trainer to be allowed to squire on the campaign, but she had forbidden it. Grotok had wanted to come as well of course, but he was even younger than Agmar. It would have been nice being with them, but far too dangerous. Perhaps it was for the best. Still, she was going to have to do something to make it up to them when she returned.
