 Author's Note: I didn't get as much done this week as I wanted because I ran out of time and I wanted to finish this chapter. I promise that the next chapter will have a lot more action and sex, as well as some non-consensual orc sex that I know a lot of people have been asking for. I can't promise that it will be next week since I am beginning to get burned out, but I will do my best. By my count I've written over 60,000 words in the last eight weeks or so which I don't think is sustainable. If I kept up this pace I'd have written almost the entire Lord of the Rings series and more than any of the Song of Fire and Ice or Wheel of Time books in a single year. At some point I'll probably have to go to an every other week schedule especially if I continue being busy with other things. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the chapter!

****

The Hesten lines scrambled as they tried to form up for battle. Jeanette beamed with satisfaction as her own forces swept across the field to attack. The Hestens numbered five hundred, maybe, but they were spread out encircling the castle. There was no way they would be able to gather their strength before the Death's Head Riders and the orc troops she'd collected so far fell upon them. Katerei and Gorath led the charge, while Jeanette stayed back with her personal guard, which now numbered one hundred mounted orcs. They would serve as a reserve, should one be needed, but also as a pursuit force if the commander of the besiegers tried to flee.

Heavy infantry managed to form a square, which held up after withering bow fire from her mounted raiders. Her own forces weren't heavy enough to smash the enemy formation, so when her orcs crashed into the heavy infantry the forces split around the unit like water flowing around a rock. Jeanette's army had the weight of numbers, and she had no doubt that the resistance would soon be enveloped and crumble.

The Hesten commander must have come to the same conclusion, since he recalled the forces on the far side of the castle and began to retreat. "This is our chance, let's cut them off before they escape!" Jeanette signaled Vrenchak, and her guard began to charge at the fleeing Hestens.

The battle raged to her right as she rode past the castle to close on the fleeing Hestens. Her guard wheeled around the castle, Jeanette and Vrenchak leading the charge. A flurry of arrows from her mounted orcs rained down on their retreating foes, and Jeanette saw several fall to the ground dead. They didn't get the commander though; she spotted him when he suddenly turned and led his forces in a tight circle, form a wedge, and charge right back at them.

It was a trap, she realized. They were trying to draw her out, hoping to kill or capture her and end the war. Hesten bowmen fire a volley of arrows at them, but her guard closed ranks to block the attack as they charged beneath it. Her guard slung their bows and unslung their spears as they reached the charging infantry. This group wasn't as tightly formed as the heavy infantry on the other side of the castle, and her riders trampled through them. Jeanette's guards formed a tight ring around her as they stabbed and cut the enemy commander's men. 

A pained cry made Jeanette look to the right, and she saw an arrow sticking through Vrenchak's shoulder. Jeanette spotted the Hesten commander atop a horse nocking another arrow. Jeanette raised the hand crossbow given to her by the Elfen King and aimed it at the commander. Without thinking she pressed the trigger, sending the bolt flying. The well-made Elfen weapon shot true, and the shaft slammed through the commander's chain shirt and buried in his chest, knocking him off the horse.

Before she could reload, a young spearman broke through the ring of guards and jabbed the tip of his spear at her. She jerked back to avoid it and drew Peace Bringer from its sheathe. A more experienced fighter might have gone for her horse, but the youth was an untrained levy, dreaming only of the glory of slaying the evil queen. She slashed the spear at her, and then jabbed it again. As he did so, she turned her horse, knocking him off balance and then chopped down with the sword, cleaving it into the man's skull.

Her guard reformed the protective circle and then broke through the knot of resistance. I just killed two people, she thought numbly. Well, maybe one and a half. The commander was stirring, and he tried to rise to his feet. He didn't make it, instead falling back to the ground. He tried to call out to his men, but his voice was too weak after being wounded. Instead, the last of their besiegers threw down their weapons and began to run.

The fleeing foot soldiers were easy targets for the spears of her mounted orcs, and many more got cut down as they ran. As Jeanette and her troopers pursued the Hestens around the castle, she looked back to the main battle and saw the square melting away. The heavy infantry were being pushed back against the walls of the castle with nowhere left to run.

Too many horses were without riders though. We're taking far more casualties than we should, she thought. Jeanette sheathed her sword and reloaded her crossbow. "Vrenchak, signal the men to break off pursuit. We're going to rejoin the main battle. And be sure to have someone collect their commander, I want him taken prisoner and tended to."

"Yes Your Highness!" A few moments later, a horn blast brought her guards back, and the group turned towards the castle to attack the rear of the remaining Hestens. Jeanette spurred her horse forward, and soon her forces were attacking the remaining Hestens from the rear. She cut through several until she came upon Kat, who was bashing a helmet into a Hesten's skull with her mace.

"Fancy seeing you here Your Highness! I'd say you missed out on all the fun, but it looks like you've seen some of it yourself. I'd say we're just about done here. I don't think they have much fight left in them."

Jeanette looked around the battlefield, and sure enough Kat's words were being proven true. The remaining Hestens were throwing down their weapons and surrendering. "A great victory. But not too costly, I hope. Take a tally of the dead and wounded and let me know where we stand. Get a count of the prisoners too, and rounding them up to be put in the castle dungeon. They should be safe there for the rest of the war. I'll go see who is in charge in the castle and get things ready for you."

Jeanette rode to the front of the castle, which quickly opened its gates for her and her guard. When she entered, she immediately noticed that the soldiers of the garrison were all old men or young boys. Apparently the fighting men were all gone. That was disappointing, but not unexpected. They would remain here for a few days to see if any more soldiers showed up, and then continue on.

A young woman with a swollen, pregnant belly came out of the central keep to greet her. She looked vaguely familiar to Jeanette, but the Queen couldn't quite place where she'd seen her before. She was pretty, with the long, light brown hair and a fair complexion. The long, blue velvet dress she wore suggested that she was a noble, and probably the lady of the castle. Either her lord didn't insist on the 'new' way of dressing, or the lady went back to more traditional fashion after her husband went to war.

"Welcome, Your Highness. Thank you for lifting the siege." The young pregnant woman smiled at Jeanette. "Food has been scarce of late, and as you can see, I need all the food I can get." She laughed softly.

"It's my pleasure. King Connor may have started this war but I intend to finish it. Forgive me, are you the lady of the castle?"

The woman looked at her a moment, and then nodded and curtsied. "Lady Anne Grintok, Countess of Suzden."

Color flooded Jeanette's cheeks as she remembered where she knew Lady Anne from. The last she saw of the woman, she was being given away as a slave wife to one of Turogg's lieutenants during the victory celebration after they defeated the Hesten army. "Ah, yes of course, Countess Suzden. You're looking well. I hope everything really is well for you? Not counting the war, of course."

"Well enough, Your Highness. I have hearth and home, and five lovely children. Soon to be six, of course." Anne tittered softly. 

Jeanette was relieved to see her smile. Despite the roughness she might have experienced in the beginning, it seemed that Anne had eventually made peace, and even found a way to be happy in her circumstance. Jeanette hoped that Susannah would be able to say the same once she saw her again. "I'm glad to hear it. Five children!" Jeanette smiled broadly. "You're truly blessed. I have six myself, and they are all a bundle of trouble. But of course I wouldn't give them back for anything."

"Nor I, Your Highness. Will you be staying in the castle long? I'm afraid I don't have provisions adequate to play a proper host to a royal visitor."

"Do not worry about it, Lady Anne. We will stay only a day or two, no more. We've also brought our own supplies, which we will be happy to share. I have heard how food is running short in the Duchy, so we've brought in fresh supplies from Zentara. We will be sure to restock your larder before we depart."

Anne smiled gratefully at that. "We appreciate your generosity, Your Highness."

"There is something you can do for me, though. We have many wounded soldiers that need to be tended to, and prisoners to keep in your dungeons." 

"Of course, Your Highness. I shall see to your wounded men personally, and ensure that the prisoners are kept under guard." Anne turned to her steward and nodded, sending him off to make the necessary preparations.

Kat rode up beside Jeanette, a grim expression on her face. "Your Highness, we've lost forty-eight men killed or too wounded to travel, and taken twenty-two prisoners."

"Forty-eight men? They fought hard, then. We cannot afford to take such losses, not if we intend to build up a force strong enough to fight the army at the Pass." Jeanette looked back to Anne. "Lady Anne, is there a room where I can meet with my captains and freshen up?"

"Of course, Your Highness. My chambers have a solar which will serve, I'll have them prepared immediately."

"Thank you, Countess. I'm sure they will be perfect. And please, I would love to meet your children, say before supper tonight?" Jeanette smiled kindly at Anne. She was eager to meet them. She missed her own children desperately, and this was as close as she was probably going to get to them for a long while.

"They will be thrilled to meet you I'm sure, Your Highness." Anne curtsied again and left to make sure everything was ready.

"Wonderful. Kat, please make sure the prisoners are taken to the dungeon, and then get Gorath and meet me in the solar so we can plan our next move." Jeanette sent Kat off, and then smiled as Daniels entered the castle with several carts of food and other supplies. He blushed when he saw her, and averted his eyes. "Welcome, Daniels. The Countess of Suzden is preparing her chambers for me, please find her steward and work with him to get the carts unloaded and the solar ready for a war council."

"Yes Your Highness." Daniels muttered softly, and then went off to follow the instructions. Despite her efforts at getting him relief, things didn't really seem any better with him. Well, that wasn't entirely true. He wasn't as bold as he was, but things were certainly more awkward than they were. One step forward, two steps back it seemed.

Wounded soldiers were brought into the castle, and Jeanette spent some time visiting and tending to their wounds while she waited for her room to be made ready. The enemy commander was still unconscious, and Jeanette hoped to interrogate him if he woke up before they had to leave. Meanwhile, the Hesten camp was being searched for any orders that might give her a clue as to what King Connor was intending.

Kat and Gorath met her a short time later, and the trio went to Anne's solar for their meeting. Vrenchak was left to set up camp for their little army and oversee the movement of prisoners and the search of the Hesten camp.

"There are about two hundred orcs in the area that should be here to join us soon, at least according to the Duchess. Her husband Hodnig is among them. They've been supplying the castle through the siege and raiding the Hestens." Kat grunted as Gorath helped her out of the chain shirt and leather cuirass.

"Excellent. Hopefully they will know of other bands that will be able to join up with us." A smile crossed her lips as Gorath moved to her and helped her out of her armor as well. Jeanette rolled her shoulders as the orc's strong hands pressed down into the muscles and began to massage them.

"If we continue at pace, we will reach the Lyskean Pass in another three weeks." Gorath's deep, guttural words washed over his ear as he bent over the Queen. 

"Mmm...excellent. It sounds as if everything is in order then." Jeanette purred as Gorath wrapped his arms around her and cupped her breasts, squeezing them firmly in his hands. Kat moved in front of the Queen and kissed her on the lips, and then slowly knelt before her and pulled down Jeanette's pants.

Soft lips pressed against Jeanette's inner thighs as Kat gently pushed them apart. "You did well today, Your Highness. Now it's time for your reward..." Kat lightly dragged her teeth over Jeanette's soft flesh while her dexterous fingers untied the Queen's panties and pulled them off as well.

Calloused hands lifted her shirt above her breasts, exposing them briefly before the orc covered them with his hands, caressing them directly now as he nuzzled the side of her neck with his tusks. "A very special reward." His thick fingers pinched Jeanette's nipples, making her gasp out loud. Gorath grunted in pleasure as the Queen rubbed her pert rear eagerly against his crotch.

Shivers of excitement rippled through Jeanette's body as she felt Kat's breath wash over her now naked sex. Gor's strong grey hands felt wonderful on her sensitive tits, and she didn't know whether to push against the woman between her legs or the orc behind her. Jeanette wanted it all at once, but in her excitement she hardly knew where to begin.

The decision was soon made for her when Katerei firmly gripped Jeanette's hips and brought her face between the Queen's legs. She licked at Jeanette's wet slit, tracing up and down between the nether lips with the tip as she sampled the Queen's nectar. Kat's soft moans made her lips vibrate against Jeanette's, and her tongue began to flick faster up and down the Queen's crevice.

Gorath's cock hardened as Jeanette grinded against him, and he thrust his hips back to rub the stiff shaft all over her firm backside. The muscular orc gripped her bountiful tits more firmly, spreading them apart and then pushing them together as he rolled them over his palms. He loved the way the Queen's body responded to him; how eagerly she surrendered to the pleasure and how sensuously her body writhed in his grasp.

Heat exuded from her flesh as Jeanette squirmed between her two lovers. Jeanette reached back with her hand to untie Gorath's pants, loosening them enough to allow her to reach in and grab his cock. The cork-screwed flesh was hot in her palm, and she hungrily squeezed and rubbed it as she freed it from his pants. "Aaah, give me your cock. I need your big orc dick inside me!" Jeanette purred eagerly as she rubbed the slanted head of his prick between her pert, smooth asscheeks.

As Jeanette gave in to the pleasure, Kat slid her hands down the Queen's hips to spread her labia apart. She gazed lustily at the pink folds, and then pushed her tongue between them, thrusting it in and out as the muscle twisted and turned, rubbing all over Jeanette's slick inner flesh. She pushed her fingertips against Jeanette's clit as she held the Queen's sex open, rubbing the soft button to increase the pleasure as her tongue curled upwards to make a scooping motion deep into Jeanette's pussy.

"You want it inside you, Your Highness? You want my big, thick, orc dick splitting you open?" Gorath looked down at Kat over Jeanette's shoulder, their eyes briefly meeting. "Tell me how much you want it, how much you need it!"

As Gorath spoke, Kat pulled her tongue out from Jeanette's pussy and wrapped her lips around the Queen's clit. She suckled it softly while she flicked it back and forth with the tip of her tongue, rubbing in quickly. Kat moved her hands to Jeanette's backside and squeezed her cheeks firmly around the head of Gorath's cock as the orc pushed forward into them.

"Mmmm!" Jeanette quivered as she felt Kat's tongue skillfully dance over her clit. Although she had performed such on Kat many times while Gorath was fucking her, this was the first time the woman had returned the favor. It felt as wonderful as Kat had made it sound, and soon she was echoing the warrior woman with her own moans of pleasure. "Ah, I want it so bad! I need to be fucked! I need your thick cock inside me! Fuck me please! Fuck my ass!" Jeanette cried out wantonly as she felt the slanted tip of Gorath's cock poke and prod against her tight anal ring.

His cockhead pushed a little more firmly against the anal ring, and then pulled back from it. Instead, Gorath slide it between Jeanette's thigh, rubbing against her wet nether lips as Kat continued to flick the Queen's clit with her tongue. "Is that what you really want, my Queen? All these weeks, all these months you've not had a cock fuck your cunt the way it needs. Wouldn't you rather I shoved my big orc prick deep inside your pussy? To stuff it the way you've been craving?"

"I know how jealous you've been, Your Highness, of the way he's been fucking me. We know you want it for yourself. Just say the word, and it will be." Kat purred seductively and resumed suckling on Jeanette's clit. Her lips stroked the sides of the button as her tongue lashed it back and forth, sweeping atop and below the nub, covering it all over with her clit as she lapped it all over.

Shudders ripped through Jeanette as their words resounded in her head. They were right, she did want it. But she mustn't! The Queen's hot pants filled the room as she quivered in need. She squeezed her thighs around Gorath's cock and stroked it with her legs as she grinded her pussy along the top of the shaft. Her gyrating hips thrust forward into Kat's lips, trying to rub against them harder. But each time she did, Katerei slowed the motions of her tongue to deny her the heightened pleasure she was seeking. "Nnng! I can't! Ah!"

Gorath scraped his tusks up along Jeanette's neck to her cheek, and then licked it slowly as he pulled on her breasts. "You can. You have seen me with Kat. I will pull out of you and spill my seed elsewhere. No one will have to know. You can do it, you can have my cock plugging your cunt today, now if you just give the word!"

Jeanette opened her mouth to protest, but when Kat began licking her clit furiously again all that escaped the Queen's lips was an ecstatic groan of pleasure. She started to shake uncontrollably as she approached her release, but before she found the edge Kat slowed her motions and then pulled off her clit, leaving only a string of saliva connecting them. 

Three fingers parted Jeanette's folds and pushed inside, slowly moving in and out at a torturous pace. "Think of how much better his cock would feel, Your Highness. Say that word and he'll thrust deep inside you, again and again until you melt away in bliss!"

"Mmm! D-don't stop! I command you to make me cum!" Jeanette squealed in desire as she thrust her hips, frantically humping the fingers inside her.

The fingers pulled out as Gorath reached around and grasped his throbbing cock. He began to slap his dick against Jeanette's wet pussy lips, and roll the slanted tip of his prick against the inner folds. "We're your servants, Your Highness, but we do what you need to be done, not what you want to be done. You need to be filled, you need to be fucked, and when you admit it you'll get what you really need!"
