 Author's Note: This chapter is a bit short, but I needed to just get it done and out and off my back. Hopefully I will have chapter 11 done next week, and we'll find out what happened to Cindy, Frederick, Thomas, and Turogg.

*****

Susannah shuddered as she felt Declan's cock throb inside her, spewing his load deep into her body. The brutish thug continued to thrust for a few moments longer, roughly slamming his hips into hers as he sought to drive himself as far as he could go. Finally he stopped, and pulled his cock from between her thighs, a string of cum momentarily connecting them still before it snapped and splattered down on her sweaty flesh.

"Great as always Duchess. And don't be trying to tell me you didn't like it, I felt you shudder beneath me like a wild mare. Ya just needed a bit of taming is all." Declan chuckled darkly. "I bet you're right thankful that I opened up them legs to the rest of us; now you get all the cock you need isn't that right?"

Declan laughed again and left the tent, not even bothering to wait for an answer. Susannah watched him go, and then slumped onto her sleeping mat. Her thighs ached, and as she reached down to rub them she winced in pain. Servicing all the men in the camp was wreaking havoc on her body, and being pregnant besides was making it even worse.

Hopefully Tristan will be back soon, she thought. He had ridden out the day prior to search for the Queen's army. Word had reached them that she had won a great victory at the Lyskean Pass. Their band had been ambushing and raiding the retreating Hestens for days and the arrival of the royal forces were expected imminently.

Susannah couldn't wait to see her friend again. All the misery of the past few months, along with the many humiliations and degradations she endured would melt away when she rejoined Jeanette. I shouldn't have hid the truth about Bodak and Braden from her, she reflected. She could have put things to right much sooner, and then maybe we wouldn't have ended up here.

With a sigh she wiped away the semen dripping down her thighs. The remaining men in camp would want breakfast soon, and it was better to have it cooked before they asked for it. The last thing she needed was them all gathered around her while she tried to cook. A shudder ran down her spine as she remembered the last time that happened.

The crisp morning air stung her flushed face as she left the crude tent that had been erected for her. Crowns of gold and brown rested atop the trees of the forest. Autumn had come, and Jeanette would have to move quickly if she hoped to end the war before winter. The smell of pine burning over the fire made her think of the estate in Shropfordshire, and a mix of regret, fear, and homesickness beset her.

With a groan, Susannah knelt by the fire, one hand holding the small of her back while the other rested on her knee. Even bending over had become a chore as her belly swelled larger and larger. Before she could begin to cook, a cry of alarm rang out from one of the sentries surrounding the camp. They're here! Susannah pushed off the ground, heart soaring as she looked through the trees to try and see where they were coming from.

A large, hulking figure materialized from the early morning fog. A massive orc riding atop an even larger horse rode into camp. "Greetings." The orc's words were low and clipped. "I am Rothok. I have received the message to meet here. Are we not welcome?" 

We, she wondered? At first she thought he misspoke, but then more shapes rode in through the fog. The orc had brought a warband with him, she realized. Did he come from the Queen? No, she thought as her heart sank, if he had he wouldn't have ridden in with Tristan. 

"Aye, yer welcome enough. We're all in this one together, Rothok. I'm Declan, our chief Tristan ain't here right now. He rode off to find the main army that's marching up north from Zentara."

"Then Turogg has made it through the Pass? Finally we shall see real battle and send the northern humans fleeing." Rothok flashed his teeth and grinned nastily at the thought.

"Ain't heard nothing about the king. It's the Queen who's leading the army, from what we've heard." Declan spit onto the ground, though whether it was out of derision for Jeanette, or just his own disgusting habit, Susannah wasn't sure.

Rothok growled lowly at that. "The Queen? Women cannot lead orcs into war. She will get us all killed."

"Her Highness already defeated the Hestens at the Pass and sent them retreating to the north. Next time will see an end to them for good, I'm sure!" Susannah immediately regretted speaking out of turn when Rothok looked to her, seemingly noticing her for the first time. His eyes lit up with a predatory gleam as they swept over her body.

"What is this? Your chief keeps a camp whore? He must be a very great chief to have such a thing." Rothok leered at her, and in just a few short steps he was looming over her. "With strong seed to plant a child in your stomach."

"I carry the child of your Duke, the King's own brother, Bodak!"

Rothok's eyes widened in surprise, and he shot Declan a sharp look. "Is that true?"

"Aye, she's the Duchess alright. Course that don't stop her from spreading her legs for us, does it?" Declan laughed, and soon the other men joined in as she flushed with shame.

Susannah didn't like the crafty, speculative look in Rothok's eyes when he surveyed her again. "That's correct. I am the Duchess of Braden, your liege lord." She tried to stand tall and project more confidence than she felt, but she didn't think she was altogether successful.

The orc burst into laughter. "The chief of this band has thought to claim the mate of Bodak? I think not."

"No one has claimed me, Sir. I am my own woman."

Rothok ignored her. "Only the strongest warriors may claim the mate of the old chief. To claim the chief's mate is the claim the chief's band. I, Rothok, claim you, Susannah. You and Bodak's child shall be mine, as will all the lands and peoples he commanded."

"Hey now, orc, this here is our girl and we ain't sharing with a bunch of you dirty pigs!" As Declan strode up to Rothok the orc suddenly struck out and smashed his face with an iron-like fist, sending the human man falling to the earth.

Rothok's men advanced around the leader of their warband, and for the first time Susannah was acutely aware of how many there were; or rather, how badly they would be outnumbered by the orcs until Tristan returned with the rest of the men. As the orc advanced upon her, she looked up at him and studied him closely for the first time.

He was handsomer than Bodak, as far as orcs went. His face lacked the long jagged scar that marred her former husband's. He wasn't as large as Bodak, but he was still much larger than Tristan, and he positively towered over her, adding weight to the possessive stare that bored down into her.

"You cannot claim me! I am the mother of the next Duke of Braden. I am not, will not, be yours or anyone else's. I do not care what, what customs you may have followed in the March, but that is not how it works here."

"That may be how it works in the soft lands, but here is where orcs rule, and I say you are mine. Does any man object?" Rothok laughed and looked around for any objectors, which there were none. "Unless you think you can stop me, little one? Will you fight me and take my band?" Rothok laughed again, and reached out to squeeze Susannah's breast through her shirt, groping it roughly as he brought his fingertips down to the nipple.

"A-ah!" Susannah gasped sharply as she felt the sensitive nub being squeezed. As her pregnancy progressed they were getting increasingly sensitive, and now to have them so roughly pinched made it feel like they were being hammered on a blacksmith's anvil. Her knees buckled as the fiery pain shot through her body, until finally her knees buckled and she cried out. "Ah! Please! Stop!"

The pressure suddenly released from her nipples as Rothok moved his hands to her ass to pull her tightly against his rock hard body. "Then it is agreed? You're mine now." Rothok grinned down at Susannah as he kneaded her bottom, stroking the cheeks and pushing them together beneath her leather pants. 

Susannah shuddered as she felt the large rough hands cover her ass and grope them eagerly. Her rounded belly brushed against Rothok's cock as she trembled in his grasp, and a moan of despair escaped her lips as she felt it stiffen in his pants. "It isn't like that. The Queen will not allow it. Things are going to change here, the orc laws will no longer-" Susannah's protest was cut off as Rothok yanked her pants down, baring her ass to the other orcs who began to hoot appreciatively.

"The Queen? Hah! She will be too busy sucking Turogg's cock to object!" More laughter erupted from the orcs. "Shall I show you?" Rothok forced Susannah down to her knees, her pants still twisted at her ankles. With his other hand he reached into his britches and pulled out a thick slab of grey orc cock. "After I stuff your gob with this I doubt you'll do much objecting either!"

The fat cock slapped her across the cheek, and then rubbed up and down over her face as she clenched her jaw. She tried to turn away, but Rothok wrapped her hair around his big hand and tugged it sharply, bringing her face back to his shaft. His other hand reached down to squeeze her jaw, prying her mouth open so he could feed his ribbed cock between her lips. "That's it, take it in your mouth. Hah! I bet you're hungry for orc cock after being surrounded by so many little pink pricks for so long."

The salty, sweaty taste of the orc's cock spread over her tongue as the thick shaft slid around inside her mouth. The thick musky scent of his crotch filled her nose, making her cough and gasp. Her mouth convulsed around Rothok's dick, squeezing it between her lips and enveloping it in her warm wet cheeks. The orc stabbed deeper into her mouth, making his hips slap against her face as he prodded her to begin sucking.

Wiry pubic hair scraped over her nose as her face got buried in his crotch. Her throat was already open for his dick, as she instinctively swallowed it as deep into her mouth as she could. Years with Bodak have trained me well, she thought as she began to suck on his cock. There wasn't much choice to it, she didn't really have any other options. She had to trust that Tristan would be able to put things to right once he returned.

"Ah that's it, no wonder Bodak kept you as his mate. Not many human sluts can get the whole thing in their throats! Rothok's laugh was deeper now, throatier as he reveled in the pleasure of Susannah's throat wrapping tightly around his cock. 

The thick cock choked Susannah, making her struggle for air as her throat convulsed around the ridged orc meat. Rothok thrust it in and out of her throat roughly for a few moments, before pulling her sharply forward to press it as deep as it would go, holding her there for several seconds before mercifully yanking her off his dick again.

"But now let's see what Bodak did that tight human cunt of yours." Rothok said with a leer. "It's not like you can get pregnant twice anyway, right?" The orc and his followers laughed as he pulled Susannah up by her hair and backed her against the tree. When he tried to position his cock to slide into her though, he found her swollen stomach blocking his way. "Bodak always was a big one. He planted a strong orc child inside you, 'Duchess'." 

When the orc spun her around, a wave of dizziness swept through her and she stumbled to lean against the tree. Rothok was quick to pull her hips out again, and before she had time to brace herself his thick cock slammed inside her, spreading the slick walls of her pussy as he shoved himself as deep as he could go.

"A-aah! Oh!" Susannah cried out in pleasure as she felt the ribbed cock pushing against her inner walls. Her body tightened around the shaft, instinctively holding it inside her as the once familiar feelings of a thick orc rod rubbing her sensitive flesh washed through her once again. His words made her wince, as she didn't want to think about her late husband, but she couldn't help respond to the pleasures coursing through her body now that she was being ravished by one of her husband's bestial kin.

"Oh, damn you're nice and tight. I see Bodak never managed to stretch you out, and I know if he didn't a human never would. How about me Duchess? Do you think I can do it?" Rothok laughed again as he continued to move his hips. Faster and harder he thrust, until he was roughly clapping against Susannah's backside. The orc leaned in and scraped his tusks along the back of her neck as he purred in her ear. "I am going to enjoy having you as my woman. Together we will rule Braden and have many sons!"

As Rothok's movements became a blur, Susannah's mind spun faster and faster as waves of pleasure coursed through her body. Her chest rubbed against the rough bark of the tree as the orc's powerful thrusts slammed into her, but the Duchess was too far lost in the pleasure to notice any discomfort. "Ah! Mmm!" She tried to protest, but the feeling of his large, muscular, body pressing into his back overwhelmed her and drowned out her words into a low, muffled moan.

Rothok grabbed Susannah's breast and squeeze it hard, roughly pulling it away from her body and around the side of the tree. He pressed her firmly against the trunk, pinning her in place as he rammed into her, moving his hips harder and faster as he brought himself to release. "Ah! Goth'lo'nok ark tel nor!" 

Hot cum exploded inside her, splattering the walls of her pussy as Rothok emptied his balls inside her. Her cunt clenched reflexively around the shaft, squeezing it tightly inside her to draw out as much of the seed as it could while she writhed in pleasure against him. Her climax continued unabated as his fat, rigid, and ridged cock plugged her whole, filling up the vaginal cavity. As her walls pulsed against the corkscrewed shaft, aftershocks rippled through her, prolonging her delight and keeping her crested on the orgasmic wave.

When Rothok sharply pulled his cock out of her, a shockwave rippled through Susannah's body. Before she could even take a breath another cock was slammed into her, plugging her up tight again. The new orc began to thrust savagely into her, ramming in and out relentlessly as he enjoyed the human woman's tight pussy. A third orc grabbed her wrists and pulled them hard to the other side of the tree. He held them out, fully extended until Susannah was forced to press her cheek to the side of the tree. The orc then guided his erect cock to the Duchess' lips, forcing her to open wide to accept the thick member.

Susannah nearly gagged from the smell of the dirty, unwashed orc cock as it slid up and down her tongue. The slanted tip probed at the back of her throat as the orc's thick, beefy fingers curled through her hair to hold her head straight. Occasionally the head pushed into her throat, when the orc behind her thrust hard enough that he impaled her mouth on the other orc's staff.

Noble lips closed around the orc's shaft, wrapping over the ridges of the bestial shape. The Duchess sucked dutifully, eager to get the orc off as quickly as possible. She bobbed her head as best she could in her trapped position, sliding it up and down the length in time with the orc's own thrusts. Behind her, the second orc sloshed his thick cock in and out of her flooded cunt, plunging Rothok's seed so it spilled out of her and dripped down her thighs.

The constant friction of the orc's cock against her already hypersensitive pussy began working Susannah towards another climax. Though her grunts her muffled by the fat cock in her mouth, they still managed to squeak out from between her lips, to the amusement of the watching orcs.

"She sounds like a sow in heat! It figures that these weak humans let her walk around in clothes. A bitch like her should be left naked to roll about in the mud! Hah!" Rothok and the other orcs laughed and Susannah flushed in shame. Her humiliation wasn't enough to dampen her cries though, and the shrill moans mixed with the wet sounds her mouth made as she sucked even harder on the orc's dick.

Thick molten jizz exploded in her mouth as the orc in front of her began to cum. He still held her head tightly, forcing her to swallow every salty spurt of the goo. Her throat bulged as she swallowed mouthful after mouthful. Each time she swallowed her body clenched down, squeezing the cock of the orc inside her until he too released his load, adding to the thick deposit already soaking her sex.

When they pulled out, their cocks were quickly replaced by two more. And then two more, and two more after that as well. By the time it was over, Susannah was hanging limply from the tree, her wrists bound together by a length of coarse rope to prevent her from falling over. Slick, slimy strings of cum were splattered all over her body, dripping down her thighs and back, her face, breasts, and over the large curve of her belly.

That is how Tristan found her when he returned. He looked at her, and then at Rothok and the orcs without saying a word. Finally, he cut the rope off her wrists and passed her off to one of his men. "Get her cleaned up. The Queen is only a few days ride from here. It's time to end this."

****

Susannah struggled to keep up with Tristan and Rothok as they were led through the camp by a sentry. As she looked around, the tents of the common soldiers gave way to the larger pavilions of the nobles. Though the colors were faded from months in the field, the gold and red and other vibrant colors were a welcome change from the dull browns she had been living with. Susannah couldn't help but look inside them as they passed, and a tremor of excitement ran through her as she saw fur blankets, goose down stuffed pillows, and as she passed a particularly large pavilion she thought she saw a bath! A hot bath! 

Two large orcs armed with long, heavy looking axes guarded the entrance to the largest pavilion. As they approached, the orcs gripped their weapons tighter and stepped forward. "Who is then?" One of the orcs asked.

"Rebels come in to join with the army." The sentry replied.

"Then send them to Captain Vrenchak. The Queen doesn't need to see every scraggly wretch crawling in from the hills."

Rothok pushed the sentry aside. "I'm the Baron of Cuthden you sniveling dog, and I've spent the last four months hunting and killing our foes, not standing outside tents pretending to be strong!"

"What, should I be impressed that you've been shooting your bow and then riding away real fast? What were you doing when we were fighting through the Pit of Fire?"

"Please this is getting us nowhere. We have the Queen's good friend here and she will want to see her immediately." Tristan stepped between the orcs, holding them apart.

"The Queen isn't friends with whores."

"I am Susannah Welton, Dowager Duchess of Braden and the Queen's good friend. Take me to her immediately and I shall forget the names you called me." Susannah drew herself up, well, as tall as she could with her pregnant belly and tried to look every inch the Duchess.

"You're the mate of Bodak?" The guard looked skeptical, but she could see his confidence was starting to waver.

"I am the mate of Bodak and the mother of his child. That also makes me the sister to Her Highness, in marriage and spirit if not by blood. Bring me to her. Now."

"Alright, alright, I'll take you to her, and then we'll see if you are who you say you are."

The guard led them into the tent, which contained a large table covered in maps. "Where is the Queen?"

"This way." The orc brought them around the table, and then out the back of the tent. "You don't think she'd just stay in the biggest tent where every cutthroat and assassin will look first do you?" The group walked through a maze of tents, and with each turn they took another soldier seemed to appear around them, until a good half-dozen orcs surrounded the small party when they reached a mid-sized pavilion. 
