 Author's Note: This is the last chapter for Orc Dominion: Rebellion. Thanks to everyone who stuck with me through it. Please leave any feedback you have on this chapter in the comments or through the feedback button. If you want a response please remember to include your email. I will post an afterward next week with my thoughts on the series as a whole, what I learned, and what I am going to do in the future. Enjoy!

****

"We'd better be quick, I don't think the Queen would appreciate finding us here." Gorath looked around the room curiously. The bedchamber was larger than any he had ever seen, with a massive four poster bed decked with silk draping and a mattress that looked so soft you could swim in it.

Katerei laughed softly. "No? I bet she'd love to find us in her bed.

That got a grin from the large orc. "You might be right about that. Have you ever seen such a big bed? There'd be room for all three of us alright."

"Room for Turogg as well. He could be back any day now."

He shrugged. "So? He may be the king, but it's clear that Jeanette rules the Kingdom."

"Maybe behind the scenes, but I wouldn't want to prick his pride. Not when we're about to hit our payv day. Hey Gor, come see this!" Kat waved Gorath over and gestured to a large mural that had been painted just above the Queen's bed.

It showed Jeanette in all her naked glory, reclining on a long couch. One knee was raised, and the other canted to the side to display the Queen's naked slit. Her left hand parted her nether lips, while the right squeezed a nipple between her thumb and forefinger. All around her in the background were shadowy shapes with red eyes in a pool of blackness, and large, grey, orc cocks being strokes towards Jeanette's naked body.

"Now that's a likeness if I ever saw one! What's she got in her ass?" Gorath asked.

"I think it's a pearl necklace."

The orc grinned wickedly. "I thought those usually went on the throat."

Kat laughed and looked at the painting more closely. Sure enough, the Queen had several large beads from a pearl necklace hanging from her bottom, but by the looks of it she probably had several more inside her. Jeanette seemed to be enjoying it in the painting; her lips were slightly parted and her eyes half shut as if she were moaning in pleasure. "Do you think that's for her to look at when she gets fucked or for Turogg to look at while he takes her?"

The orc came up behind Kat and wrapped her up in his thick muscular arms. One hand slid beneath the warrior woman's shirt to squeeze her breast while the other started to undo her pants. "Probably for her to look at. I can't see the Queen riding atop him, can you?" Gorath nuzzled the tips of his tusks against Kat's neck and nibbled softly on the warm flesh.

"I don't know; how's it usually look when you're fucking her? Are you looking down or up?" Kat chuckled softly and pressed her backside into him, pushing her pert ass against his crotch and rubbing it from side to side.

He pushed his hand down Kat's trousers, cupping her mound with his big palm. Gorath started to rub it in a slow circle as the fingers of his other hand kneaded her breast. "Now that I think about it, I'm always looking down at her. So yeah, probably something for her to look at while she's getting fucked." The orc grinned and yanked his hands from Kat and then spun and pushed her on the bed, climbing atop her. "Well? What's it look like?"

The mural stretched out above her as she lay back on the soft bed. The silk draping didn't create a 'roof', so her view of the erotic painting was unhindered. Even with the large orc atop her she still had a clear view of the naked Jeanette and the orc cocks. "It's hot, but it's a hell of a thing to have to fall asleep to every night. Why'd the queen want to look at herself when she's getting fucked anyway? I mean, she could have put a mirror up there just as easy if that's what she were after."

Katerei pushed her pants down and kicked them off as Gorath freed his cock from his britches. The orc's thick biceps rippled as he lifted Kat's legs up and slid over her, lining up his cock with her juicy slit. "Heh, maybe she gets tired of looking at Turogg's cock all the time and wants to see some others. She certainly jumped on mine fast enough!" Gor pushed forward, parting Kat's folds with his tapered cock head. The cork-screwed shaft thrust deep inside, where the feeling of her wet velvety folds hugging the ridges sent shivers through his body.

Breathless laughter escaped from her lips as she pushed her hips up into Gorath's body. "Hah! Well, we've certainly kept her cunt locked up tight these past few months. Think she's ever taken that many cocks at once before?" Kat looked into his deep red eyes as she worked her hips, pumping into his thick shaft as he began to thrust down into her.

"More than that, if the stories are true." Gor grinned impishly. "Not surprising, really, once you human bitches get a taste of orc meat you become addicted to it. Can't get enough! Lucky for you, I'm more than enough to fuck you into an abyss or you'd be spreading your legs for half the orcs in camp!" Gorath shuddered in pleasure as worked his cock in and out even faster, his hips clapping noisily against Kat's with each thrust.

"Oooooh, you arrogant ass!" Kat raked her nails up Gorath's back before clinging tightly to his shoulders. She then groaned deeply as his cock rammed at her cervix, filling up her tight pussy and stretching it to its limit. The pleasure from the walls of her pussy rippling around the ridges of his cock was incomparable; a thick orc cock just felt so much better than a human one. "Keep it up with that bullshit and I might try a few just to compare. Now, ah! Now that I think about it, one or two of those up the ceiling look pretty good. I might ask around and see if one of the orcs here in the castle were the models for it."

"Hah hah hah! Now that I can see the Queen doing; lining up all the cocks in the castle and picking which one she wants for the night!" Gorath reached down to grab Kat's shirt and pull it over her head, tossing it to the side. He then lowered his face to bite and nibble at her breasts, poking them with his tusks as he grinded his cock deep into her pussy. He worked his shaft back and forth, holding it deep inside her as he reveled in the feeling of her tight snatch wrapped around his cock.

"Think she'd be able to pick yours out if she were blindfolded? Just on touch and taste?" Kat gave Gor a wide grin and dug her toes into the soft bed and pushed her hips off the bed, bucking into him harder and faster. Her breasts bounced and slapped around the orc's face as she used one hand to hold his face between them.

A violent shudder shook through him, and Gorath had to slow down to keep from cumming to that image. The idea of Jeanette getting gangbanged by orcs was starting to grow on him, and he wondered how far the slutty Queen would go. Kat wasn't like that, of course. She had been his for years. But it took Jeanette no time at all to go from Turogg to him. "Oh fuck, you're damn right she could. I know which one she'd pick to fill that tight little ass of hers too!"

"Nnng! Right there in the hall? Would you ravish her royal little butt so everyone can see how much she loves your big fat cock?" Kat arched her back, rolling her head on the mattress as she quivered in pleasure. They had come close with the Queen, fucking her in the tent, and in the ship, where others doubtless knew what was going on, but never in plain view. The thought sent a little shiver of pleasure through her.

He pulled his cock out of her and scooped her up, carrying her across the room. He ignored her yelp of surprise as he led them out onto a balcony. He bent her over the railing, and quickly slammed his shaft deep into her hungry cunt again. "Yes! 'Course, then I'd have all the sluts in the castle lining up to get in my pants. Might put you and the Queen off a bit though, having to wait in line to get a piece of me."

The balcony was raised several stories above the city, so there wasn't any real chance of them being spied upon. Even still, the notion of fucking outside in a semi-public way thrilled her. She wondered how many times Turogg had fucked Jeanette out here, and if anyone had ever been able to hear her screams of pleasure. Katerei began to move her hips again, slamming them back and making her ass cheeks jiggle from the impact as she bucked into him again and again. "I don't wait in line, you should know better than that. No bitch is getting to your cock except through me!"

Laughter rumbled out from the orc as he continued to pound into his lover. The chill autumn air tried to nip at their naked flesh, but the warmth of their fucking kept it at bay. Pleasure coursed through their veins as they twisted and thrust, bucking harder and faster against one another. Gorath's deep grunts washed over the back of Kat's head as he held himself close against her, burying his cock up to her cervix once again. "Heh, pretty possessive for the woman who told me to seduce the Queen!"

"Hey, like I said, no one gets your cock except through me. If I want you to fuck the Queen for the good of the cause, are you going to bitch about it?" Kat flashed him a toothy grin as she grinded her ass against his crotch, shuddering as she felt the slanted tip of his cock wipe back and forth against the deepest recesses of her sex. Her hands gripped the railing tighter as she looked over the side, watching the people far below. The sight of them going about their daily business as she got fucked high above them made her begin to buck her hips again, slamming Gorath's cock in and out of her.

The orc's grey hand slapped down, smacking Kat's ass sharply before giving it a grope. He kneaded her ass, pulling the cheeks apart to eye her asshole longingly. But no, she'd kill him if he had a little accident. He began to move his hips again, pulling way back and then slamming forward, meeting her own needy movements with his own. "You won't hear any complaints from me. You've never let my dick down before, don't see why you'd start now!" Gorath reached around to squeeze her tit roughly, pulling her back into his cock as he began a series of quick, shallow thrusts.

Katerei turned her head and twisted her body to kiss Gorath as he pumped in and out of her. She held his face close, so close that his tusks rubbed her cheeks as she nipped and sucked on his lips. Hot, ragged breaths were forced from her as his strong thrusts shook her to her core. Faster and harder, her mind began to swim as she climbed towards the peak of her arousal. She covered his hand with hers, holding it to her tit as she writhed and undulated against him, until finally her orgasm exploded through her. "A-aaah! Mmm!"

Feeling his lover quiver beneath him was all he needed. Gorath pumped his hips wildly until he went over the edge as well, releasing his seed deep inside Kat. It didn't matter now; he was free to cum inside her and happy for it. It felt so good to just let loose, and lose all control, to surrender to the moment. His body clapped noisily against hers as he continued to thrust, riding through the climax while pumping her full of his seed. When he was finally spent, he scooped up both her legs and held her against his chest, his cock still impaled deep inside her cunt. Her carried her back into the room, and lay down on the bed with him still inside her.

"We're going to have to do something soon, you know." Katerei cuddled against Gorath on the Queen's bed. As she recovered her breath, she looked up at the mural on the ceiling. "About her. We're running out of time."

"Hmph. What she doesn't know won't hurt her."

"And if Her Highness takes offense at us switching service, and decides to tell Jeanette all about the secrets we've sent her? What then?" Katerei frowned, thinking there weren't any good options available to them.

"We're better off with Jeanette. She cares for us more than the Princess-Knight does. After all you did for her, she wouldn't even make you one of her Falcon Guard."

"Yeah, maybe. It'd certainly be an easier life, here. Going back to the frontier and chasing raiders isn't the best place to raise a child. I'm sure the Queen will even have another war to fight, before too long so it wouldn't get too boring. As long as Her Highness doesn't tell her the truth." Kat softly stroked the back of Gorath's hand as it continued to rub her breast.

"Heh, Queen Jeanette is a lot more fun to serve too. Think the Princess-Knight would ever spread her legs for us?"

"I doubt Her Highness would ever touch an orc, let alone take one into her bed. I don't think she's ever even spoken to you directly. Unlike Jeanette..." Katerei kissed the top of Gorath's hand as it covered her breast.

"Maybe we should tell her first. Come clean. She's likely to forgive them rebels, and they betrayed her much worse. Come clean, tell her the truth now and she'll forgive us. What did we really tell the Princess-Knight? How much food Zentara produces, how much gold she collects in taxes? Yeah we told her about seducing the Queen, but not about cumming inside her, not yet anyway. We haven't done any really harm."

She lie there quietly for a while, thinking. "You're right, we should tell her first. Break it to her easy, and before Turogg gets back. The sooner the better too, I think. Come on, let's get dressed and see if we can find her in a good mood." Kat separated from Gorath and began retrieving her clothes. As they both got dressed, neither of them noticed heard Susannah's footsteps as she ran through the secret passage to Jeanette's room, intent on reaching the Queen first.

****

The great treasure vault of the Grennally family was buried deep in the bowels of Greenthorn castle, beneath even the dungeons where Cindy was now held captive. I can deal with her later, Jeanette thought, now I need some time for myself. The vault was built at the dawn of the Age of Peace, shortly after Zentara unified and her ancestor, Rickard Grennally, was elected King of Zentara. Six guards stood outside the metal gate door which made up the first barrier to the vault. Only three keys existed for the door; one for the King, one for the Queen, and one for the Chancellor. The steel bars protected the second vault door. This door was sealed by a mechanical lock created by Fistandewel, the famed elfish inventor. In order to open it, you needed to turn the steel turn wheel to a certain pattern of numbers.

After opening the gate and turning the wheel Jeanette paused. She loved the feeling when she first opened the door and saw the treasure within. The Queen let the anticipation and excitement grow, before finally pulling the door open. A complicated system of levers and pulleys let it swing open effortlessly, yet she knew that the stone door was thick and strong enough to withstand even a catapult.

Gold and silver flashed before her as light fed into the cavernous hall through a system of bored holes and mirrors glimmered off the treasures within. A shiver of excitement ran through her as she held her breath, taking in the spectacular view. Her royal scepter and ring, as well as the gold torque Turogg gifted her were on display directly ahead. Royal jewels lined the immediate foyer, necklaces, rings, and bracelets of diamond, sapphire, emerald and rubies easily accessible should she wish to wear them.

A chain fashioned of diamonds and sapphires linked by gold chains sat around the neck of a marble bust of her paternal grandmother. Her mother's engagement ring and wedding band were next, followed by jewels from other Queens of Zentara. Jeanette closed the vault door behind her, allowing it to lock closed and leave her alone in the chamber.

She walked deeper, past tapestries, suits of jewel bedecked armor, gold and silver plates and statues. As she walked, Jeanette reached across her body, unclasping each shoulder strap of her dress to allow the garment to float to the floor, pooling at her ankles. She stepped out of it as she passed a topless marble bust of herself, looking at it only long enough to smile at how her naked breasts still so closely matched those of her younger self.

The cool cavernous air bathed her bare skin, and sent another shiver of excitement through her as the slight chill made her nipples harden. Her body basked in the reflected glow of her golden treasures as she made her way to the centerpiece of her vault. Eight circlets in a crescent arch, the royal insignia of the Eight Duchies before the bowed to Ruar. Above them was the circlet of her own ancestors, long since replaced by the crown of Zentara which was set even further above them. Newly added to the display was the Crown of Heste, located at the bottom beneath them all. 

She ran her fingers along the pointed ridges of the crown while her thumb softly stroked the inset jewels. A fine trophy, she thought. The Master of the Guild of Stone Masons had promised her a life-size bearded lion to wear it, which the Jewel Crafters had promised to decorate. Jeanette reached down to lift it off its pedestal and brought it to her breasts. She pressed the pointed top beneath them, letting them prick the skin before dragging it up to set it on top of her head.

Connor would have given my crown to his brother, but now I wear his.

A wall of chests had been built around the display, each one laden down with gold and silver from Heste, the first of many such payments. Jeanette had demanded the equivalent of 50,000 gold marks per year for the next ten years, almost half of the Hesten income as reparations for the war. The Queen scooped her hand into the gold coins, and let them fall from between her fingers. She didn't feel the elation that she should. Some of these chests would have to go towards paying off Gorath and Katerei, as the time of their service would be coming to an end.

She wondered if they would stay, if she asked them to. They were beholden to Thesta, and the Princess-Knight Amelie's support had been instrumental to the war, even if not as overt as she might have liked. She liked them, liked the dynamic that had built between them. Plus, if Katerei were pregnant, then returning to the Thestan frontier to fight orc raiders isn't the life she could give a child. She could stay here, raise her child, train their children and enjoy a more comfortable life.

On the other hand, she didn't know how Turogg would react to the pair, especially if he learned how close they had become. Jeanette's hand fell to her stomach, stroking it softly. She didn't know how he would react to her more assertiveness in the bedroom either; though to be fair she didn't know how she would react to Turogg's sexual domineering when he returned. Her husband was off ransacking Swetford and looking for the Duke Thomas, to no avail. He was due to return soon though, and any more delay would be catastrophic. That was why she needed to settle things with Frederick, Alfred, and Cindy now, before he returned. 

It would be hard enough selling him on the peace treaty she negotiated with Garrett; Turogg wanted to bathe in blood to avenge Bodak's death. If she decided to spare any of the rebels, it had to be now before he returned. Hopefully she could distract him with the other terms of the treaty. She had demanded monthly shipments of iron ore, robbing Heste of the resources to forge more weapons, while gaining the means to secure the loyalty of the Guild of Blacksmiths, as well as a valuable commodity to trade with the Elfish Isles, which were rich in gems but poor in iron.

Garrett also had to turn over all his bows and arrows, as well as three quarters of his swords and armor. That would go a long way to properly equipping the orcs, who despite their savageness could be counted on to be loyal to Turogg, more loyal than her Dukes had proven to be to her at least. She knew her husband would be ecstatic to have better weapons and armor for them.
