 "You've become an embarrassment to the family!" her father thundered at her.

"It's my right to celebrate my pregnancy with anyone I choose," Romina replied coolly. 

"That doesn't include fucking every stable boy, half-prince, and scullery maid in the palace!"

"I never fucked a scullery maid," Romina said, her voice taking a haughty superior tone. "She was a washer girl. Very pretty too."

"Look at you," he said changing the subject, unwilling to argue about the fine details of who were lovers were. "You can't go around the court dressed like that!"

Romina glanced down at herself, fully aware of what she was wearing. Her breasts had already swollen with her pregnancy so they were barely contained by the thin white silk chemise she wore to cover her torso. Not that it mattered she was wearing it at all for her bright pink nipples were clearly visible through the nearly-sheer material. Except for the translucence of the material, it was in the style currently being worn in court, beyond the fact that Romina had her seamstress split the front of the chemise exposing her swelling belly to all. Although her skin was smooth and glowing, the outward brashness of her mode of dress was the talk of the court. She had taken to wearing a more suitable bottom garment a combination of skirt and undergarment that showed off her legs and rode low enough on her abdomen to expose her entire belly. This was bad enough, her father had been nearly apoplectic when Romina had come to a court dinner wearing just the chemise and a lace groin strap that exposed her buttock and gods knew what else to everyone. Her shoes and stockings seemed to be afterthoughts, designed to stress the inadequate coverage of her other garments.

"Why not?" she asked. "There are no rules against it. And not only does the king seem to like my gowns, it seems I've started a bit of a trend among the court women."

This was true. The women's clothing had become more sparse and outright lascivious over the past few months since Romina's triumphantly pregnant return. And it was also true that the king, too old to know better, was a great admirer of Romina's new mode of dress.

"The king is nearly senile," her father retorted. "And he was easily moved by a pretty face all his life." He didn't press the issue of her role in the change of court styles.

"That's very nice, Father. You shouldn't talk about the king that way. Now if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment." She tried to step around her father who hadn't moved from the doorway since he had entered her apartments. "You'll need to move aside, Father."

"You're embarrassing the entire family," he hissed at her. "You're carrying the child that will be forty-third in line for the throne! And you're carrying about like some common slattern selling her body on the street!"

"I'm no common slattern," she said, taking false offense. "I'm a high quality slattern carrying the child that will be forty-third in line for the throne."

"You mock me!" His face turned red with anger.

"What chance does the forty-third in line have for the throne," she shot back. "It's nothing more than a tool to keep foolish nobles in line, Father. Now step aside!"

"Going to fuck another one of your whores?" It was little more than an insult, that's what their relationship had degenerated to. "It is a boy or a girl, or doesn't it even matter to you? What about your betrothed?" He grabbed her arm to restrain her.

She shook off his sweaty fingers. "He's off fucking some new conquest, and happily I might add. And for your information, I'll be meeting with the queen tonight. Check with her secretary if you like. I'll be in her chambers if you need to discuss this further."

Showing the athleticism of a teenage dancer, instead of a very pregnant woman, Romina dodged and slipped around her father and into the hallway. He did not pursue her. She walked through the palace hallways, nodding to those she knew and recognized, ignoring those beneath her station. Presenting herself to the pair of guards at the doors to the queen's apartments, she was quickly ushered into the sitting room where the queen had created her own smaller version of the court.

Queen Sefayia had married young and married smartly. She was the second wife of King Pridias XXIV, the first having died more than twenty years ago shortly after childbirth. Sefayia had cemented her position in the royal household by marrying a man more than twice her age and then giving him a son. It didn't matter to her—or anyone else now—that she was just over forty and her husband was well into his seventies. While the king spent his time attending the affairs of state he could still comprehend, Sefayia was busy conducting her own life.

"Romina," she greeted the young princess with a kiss on each cheek and holding the girl's hands in her own. She lifted Romina's arms up to more closely examine her swelling belly; it had the secondary effect of displaying Romina's charms for the queen and the others in attendance in her small court. "I see you are looking well. Baby is growing?"

"Yes, your majesty." 

"Excellent." Sefayia seated herself in the large comfortable chair that dominated the room, leaving Romina standing to be admired and ogled by the others in the room. The girl didn't mind the attention, in fact she desired it. "Do you know why I've summoned you here tonight?"

Romina shook her head. "No, your majesty."

The queen smiled thinly, clearly not fully believing the pregnant girl. Her jet-black hair hung straight down her back and shone in the room's candlelight. Keeping an old style alive, Sefayia maintained her skin in the palest shade of pink and painted her lips bright red. Her casual black evening gown was a tight bodice that accentuated her breasts and hips, kept her arms and shoulders bare, and clung to her slim torso like a second skin. The skirt swept the floor put slits up the side exposed her soft thighs. She laughed lightly at Romina's answer. "I doubt that. You've had quite an effect on the court since your return from the tower."

"Thank you, your majesty."

Sefayia's tone was ice cold. "That wasn't necessarily a compliment. I don't mind change, but I like to be the one to generate it, not some young slut who just discovered what that hole between her legs is for."

Romina shifted uncomfortable before the queen. Now she felt the other's eyes on her for the first time. Some faces she had recognized upon entering the room, a few she did not, and a handful had shared her bed both recently and before she had been to the tower. A thrill of nervous energy ran through her body.

"I'm sorry, your majesty," Romina bowed her head in shame. She wasn't one to normally fall down before an angry presence, but the queen carried herself like the true ruler of the country.

"No, you are not," she snapped at the girl. "If you were truly ashamed of your actions you wouldn't have undertaken them in the first place."

Romina opened her mouth to reply, but thought better of it and said nothing.

Sefayia's smile softened ever so slightly. "You are a quick learner. I'm glad. I'm also glad you know what your body is for. But I can't have you wantonly bedding everything that moves. You need to act as a lady of your station. You are not to rut with the stable boys in the barns; you are not to fellate the kitchen help behind the scullery, you are not to bury your face between the legs of the chamber girls. Do you understand me?"

Romina hadn't been aware that she had been so closely watched by the queen and her spies. "Yes, my queen, I understand you."

"Good, I think you do. It is lucky for you that you are so beautiful. Other women in your position have had unfortunate accidents in the past."

That would explain a lot of strange deaths in the court over the past hundred years, Romina reflected. "Thank you, my queen."

"Excellent. Now I know a girl like you has a lot of energy that needs to be worked off. And of course there is simply your base sexual desires that need to be expressed, but also kept in check in a positive way."

"Er, yes, your majesty," Romina agreed, not knowing what else to say, not understanding what was being said.

"It is the province of the queen to create societies to see to the order of the palace and the kingdom. You are familiar with the Order of the Garter for knights who have served bravely, yes?"

Romina nodded in agreement.

"Do you know the Society of the Weeping Rose?"

Romina searched her brain. "No, I've never heard of that."

Sefayia gestured to those in attendance of her private court. "Everyone here is a member. Soon you will be too." She smiled warmly now and leaned forward. "The Weeping Rose is a secret society, perfectly secret. Any whisper of our existence by a member who should have known better..." She trailed off and pursed her lips. "Why be coy? You'll be killed."

Romina swallow hard. "I don't suppose I have a choice, do I?"

"Smart girl. No, you do not. But the nice thing about the society is the companionship we offer one another. Now, you are a beautiful young woman. Come prove you want to be a member of the Weeping Rose." She held out her hand and Romina walked unsteadily forward to the foot Sefayia's throne. "Kneel," she ordered.

This won't be so hard at all, Romina thought as the queen pulled up her long skirts exposing first her legs and then her quim. It was pretty, even for an older woman who had given birth to three children. When she raised up her legs, letting her heels rest gracefully in cleverly hidden cups on the chair's ornately carved trim, Romina noticed that the queen chose to shape her curly black pubes into a tall thin triangle. If the queen thought a little lesbian activity would put her off, she was sorely mistaken. Romina eagerly leaned in and lightly kissed the queen's nether lips. 

Sefayia sighed lightly as the on lookers murmured their approval. Taking this as a good sign Romina extended her tongue and licked the queen from her bulging pleasure bud, up and round her thick black curls, back down to the bud and then traced her thick labia all the way up and down. The queen made a slight sound of encouragement and Romina plunged her tongue all the way into the queen who released a steady flow of her juices.

It was almost like drinking from a stream, her flow wouldn't stop. Romina wondered if the queen was pissing in her mouth, but the taste was that of a woman's natural, tangy flavor, not the salty bitterness of urine. It wasn't like a stream of piss either, it wasn't steady; there would be an occasional spurt each time Romina's tongue found the queen's pleasure bud or hooked deeply inside her quim, touching her most sensitive spot.

She was almost certain this was a ritual test or initiation, for although the kingdom had always had an open attitude of toward homosexuality to actually perform such acts on her queen was supposed to be an act of humiliation or subjugation. When she felt her skirt being lowered to her knees, fully exposing her buttocks and glistening sex to the audience, she knew that she had already been accepted into the society. 

The cock that entered her was thick and satisfying to her hungry cunt. It wasn't nearly as large as what she would have desired, but it was better than what she had been getting over the past few months in the palace. When she tried to turn her head and see the man who was fucking her, the queen grabbed her face and held her tightly to her cunt.

"No," Sefayia said. "It must be secret, anonymous."

Romina looked up into the queen's eyes and nodded her head slightly to signify her understanding. She was satisfied with the princess's response, and settled back with a sigh. Apparently Romina wasn't the main attraction for the night for the man who was first to take her didn't bother finishing. After little more than a minute he pulled out and left her unfulfilled. A moment later he was replaced by a different man who's cock was smaller, nothing tiny, but certainly nothing noteworthy either. He didn't last long either and also didn't finish. 

It was a process that repeated several times. The man who took her from behind would only thrust for a minute or two, then pull out without finishing. It was both frustrating and an erotic tease. She didn't become used to each cock before it was gone. After more than a dozen men had penetrated her, she began to wonder how long the process would last when the next cock to slip into her wet quim wasn't from a man. 

It was too smooth and the wrong texture and the wrong temperature. It wasn't unpleasant, not to Romina, just different and she liked different. When a pair of hands grabbed her hips and the thrusting started, Romina understood. It was a woman who was fucking her. When their hips came together she could feel the harness pressing on her buttocks. She didn't know what the phallus plunging into her was made from, but it wasn't at all unpleasant. The woman having sex with her followed the same ritual as the men who preceded her. She thrusted for no more than two minutes before pulling out and then being replaced by a new subject. The next person was also a woman—although Romina acknowledged that it could have been a man wearing the harness if he couldn't get his manhood to rise—wearing a different hardness and dildo. The next succession of her anonymous lovers were all women as well, though she started to suspect that some were repeats of the same cycle. After the dozen or so women were done, the process started to repeat; only this time they men and women alternated. It wasn't unpleasant, but the fucking was so tentative that she couldn't derive any real pleasure from the experience. She wasn't able to reach a peak of excitement and die the little death. It was the most exquisite, gentle torture she could image. And all the while she kept licking and sucking on the queen's most delicate lips and bud.

It was hard to judge the queen's orgasms, they came certainly, usually accompanied by an extra flood of her rich liquid, but not always. Sometimes was just a slight shudder of her body or the sharp intake of breath. Finally she was done with her too-many-to-count orgasms and pushed Romina away. The princess was tempted to turn around and catch a glimpse of the man who had been fucking her, but he withdrew quickly and Sefayia wasn't going to let her see her lovers. "Eyes down!" she ordered. "Bow your head. Hands behind your back."

Romina did as she was ordered, crossing her wrists behind her lower back. Her head and torso were low enough to the ground that her tits were chilled by the cool floor. She found the position slightly difficult to maintain because of her growing belly, but she wasn't going to let that stop her from honoring the orders of the queen. She felt binders slipped around her wrists and tightened until they were firmly in place. "Stand." This order wasn't from the queen but from another voice behind her, a man's voice.

She knew it wouldn't matter that it wasn't the queen giving this order, she had to obey. It was a struggle getting to her feet, her belly was starting to throw off her sense of balance and her bound wrists made her arms useless, but eventually she prevailed and stood proudly before the queen. A cold knife blade was slipped under her camisole and the straps were cut, rendering her all but completely nude; she only retained the stockings on her legs. Moisture trickled out of her sex and down her legs, making her inner thighs glisten and shine in the candlelight. 

"Very good," the queen complimented her. "You have the skills it will take to survive in our society." Sefayia looked beyond Romina and ordered, "Bring her to me."

Hands grabbed the princesses bound arms and marched her up to the throne. Without further ceremony she was all but thrown across the queen's lap, her shapely buttocks pointing into the air, exposing her wet sex to the queen's critical eye. Sefayia placed the palm of her hand on Romina's smooth skin. "Very nice, you've maintained yourself nicely. Let's see what kind of endurance you have. Don't cry out until you have to, we honor those who can transmute pain to pleasure."

With that she brought her right hand sharply down on Romina's left buttock. A crack filled the air and for an instant the princess thought her skin was on fire. She almost reflexively cried out in pain, but kept control of herself and only gave in to a sharp intake of breath. The queen sighed in delight. "If only you could see this, dear girl, your skin is just the right shade of pale. The blood rushing to your beautiful bottom makes your skin turn the perfect color of pink. We'll have to put you on display for the society. But first, let's see if we can turn it red." And then her hand came down on the other side of Romina's ass.

The princess inhaled sharply again but maintained her composure. She had endured the rape of a troll, she could surely endure a mild spanking from her queen. There was the burning rush to the fine skin of her ass again as the queen watched and waited for the reaction. "Very nice. Very nice indeed." She looked up from the girl's inflamed skin. "Get me my gloves, Geoff."

Romina stiffened. While surely the queen wasn't going to cause her real permanent damage, she had something in mind. Knowing obedience to her liege was critical she didn't turn her head to see what was happening, but tried to catch the audience's actions from the corner of her eye. It was almost useless, but one of the larger men, wearing nothing more than a loose harness around his chest and a thick silver ring around the base of his cock. He handed Sefayia a pair of thin black calfskin gloves. The queen took her time putting on the fine, supple gloves making sure each finger was seated correctly all the while balancing Romina on her lap. Only when she was ready did she again place her hands on Romina's reddened skin.

"Let us resume, shall we?"

Romina gave no indication she had even heard the queen; it didn't matter. Sefayia quickly smacked Romina's bottom three times in succession on each side. The tiniest of peeps escaped her lips. The pain caused flashes of light in her eyes and her legs to shake. It was wonderful; so strong were the sensations that her sex started to moisten again.

"Very good. More then."

The queen was an artist of this torment. She varied her pace and rhythm while raining blows down on the soft, white skin that covered Romina's curvaceous buttocks. Sometimes she would use the full palm, other times just the fingers, occasionally she cupped her hand creating a completely different sensation. Every inch of the girl's ass was attacked, all the way from her lower back, down across the broad expanse of flesh, out to the edge of the hips and into the fine crevice of her anal cleft, then back down to the succulent flesh right above the lower buttock crease and down to the upper thighs. Sefayia made sure the coloring was equal all around before hardening her blows to get an unconscious reaction from the girl. 

She was impressed. Romina had great self control and had already learned how to convert pain to pleasure, as evidenced by the steady flow of lubrication from her cunt. Still, she wouldn't be satisfied until the girl broke on her knee. The already sensitive flesh was red and inflamed. It wouldn't take long. Sefayia had a lifetime to perfect the tormentor's art and she was a grand master of the skill.

It started first as a gasping, mixed in with the wiggling of her body and her normal breathing, but Sefayia could sense the change. She kept up the steady spanking, now concentrating on brute force rather than subtle sensations for the girl was young and needed to be firmly taken in hand. The gasping soon converted to sobbing and that resulted in a cry of pain and sorrow as tears burst forth from Romina's eyes.
