 Author's Note: This took a little longer to get up than I was hoping for, and Chapter 7 still isn't finished and will also be delayed. Hopefully I'll get back in the swing of things now that the Holidays are over!

****

Thundering hooves quaked over the rolling plains as the scouting party descended on the small village just as the sun approached the horizon. The villagers, seeing the riders coming from the south, quickly concluded that they were the enemy and panicked. They began to run in every direction, trying to flee the coming carnage.

Golinchkar grinned as an older man ran out of a hut armed with a scythe. The graying man's eyes widened as he saw the lean, dark skinned and pointy toothed Mincenntti upper body of the centaur charging towards him. The centaur held out his forearm, his thumb on the slingstone. With one quick motion, he loosed from the side and sent the stone whirling through the air until it smashed into the greybeard's head. His head tilted back as his cheekbone was fractured and the man crumpled to the ground.

Old men, women, and children he realized, All the men must be off to war...so much the better for us! The centaur chieftain grinned wider as he loosed another bullet. The small stone slammed into an older boy wielding an axe with a vicious crack as his ribs fractured. "What were you protecting, boy?" Golinchkar mused as his reared up and kicked in the door to the boy's hut with a foreleg.

The hovel was so small that his head almost burst through the thatch roof. Golinchkar pushed in, drawing his new steel saber as he quickly scanned the hearth. Chickens squawked and ran about as he clomped through, kicking aside a small table and shattering a clay pot.

There didn't seem to be any treasure, not that he expected any in a peasant's hut. As the livestock cleared out, Golinchkar was left alone in the hut, at least, until heavy breathing betrayed whoever was hiding beneath the bed. He trotted over and kicked the bed so hard it broke through the stick and hay wall and tumbled out into the center of the village.

A young woman had been lying beneath it, curled up and trembling in fear. The centaur grinned even wider now as he leaned forward to scoop her up in his grey arms. With her fair skin and light hair she was different than what he was used to. Still, her firm, perky breasts, narrow waist and lush, rounded ass were all he needed to tell him that this was a fertile young woman to mate with.

She started to scream when he tossed her over his shoulder and leaped out through the hole in the wall he made. She beat her fists on his back, but the small fists rebounded off his massive chain shirt and leather armor.

He carried her towards the center of the village as the rest of his war band finished off the last of the men and gathered up the women. Golinchkar slung her off his shoulder and dumped her on her ass.

"What's your name, girl?" He asked.

The woman trembled in fear at his monstrous visage, unable to form a response.

"Betty, run!" Her brother called weakly as he approached Golinchkar from behind, dragging the axe in one hand while clutching his broken ribs with the other.

Golinchkar didn't even look back: he just kicked his hind legs and smashed the boy's face, snapping his neck, and sending his body flying across the square with one single brutal movement. "Betty is it? A pretty name for a pretty girl." All women like to hear that, he thought, not knowing if she was really pretty. He leered down at her and cupped her chin with one hand while he groped her breast with the other. "You'll breed me strong babies won't you?"

The human woman only wailed in response, but Golinchkar was used to such reactions. The Mincenntti captives back home were similarly resistant to being bred...at least at first. Well, she'll warm up eventually, he figured. The races created by the Mincenntti were designed to be sterile, but it ended up they were only sterile within their own race. Centaurs could breed with Mincenntti or with horses, though of course Mincenntti were preferred. Of late though, they had become more and more rare.

The hand groping her breast slipped into the neckline of her dress and tore down, ripping the garment straight down to her waistline.

The centaur admired her pert breasts again now that they were exposed to his view. There's something to be said for their pale skin after all, he decided. "Very nice, girl." Golinchkar said as he felt her tit again, exploring the bare flesh with his thick fingers. "It is good to see you're not so different. Most of the parts are the same, anyway. Let's see if the most important bit is."

As the human woman tried to cover her breasts, Golinchkar tore the remaining scraps of her dress all the way, leaving her completely naked. A quick inspection showed him that she did in fact have the parts he needed, even if they looked a little small. Still, he had no doubt he'd make himself fit eventually.

"No! Please don't! Let me go!" Betty cried out again, lashing out ineffectually with her fists and feet.

Golinchkar wasted no time in spinning her around and dropping her onto all fours. He quickly stepped over her, so his unclothed underside was exposed to her body. His long equine shaft was already growing out of its sheathe, and the broad flat head drifted over her rounded backside as he readied himself.

This was always the most difficult part: he couldn't reach beneath himself to hold her down and guide himself in. Golinchkar needed her to remain still to best open her up for being mounted. Fortunately, there was a simple method for ensuring her cooperation. He clopped his forehooves dangerously close to her head. Anytime she moved he blocked her with a stomp, until she finally got the point he was trying to make and crouched beneath him on all fours waiting.

"Perfect, just like that. I'll make a good filly out of you yet!" He laughed and began to move his hips, slapping his massive tool against the back of her thighs and rubbing it between her legs as he nudged her. The thick rod soon found the soft, furry mound of her pubis and began to probe at her velvety folds. He began to press against it, stabbing at her again and again as he tried to force his mammoth cock inside her.

Instead, he merely succeeded in pushing her forward along the ground. "Brace yourself! Do it, or I'll strap you into one of the breeding stalls in this shit hole village and let the whole tribe have a go at you!"

Betty whimpered but acquiesced and planted her hands and feet into the ground to hold herself steady. "Aaaah! Nnng!" She cried out in pain a moment later as Golinchkar began pushing again, slowly but surely forcing the fat tip of his dick inside her tight virginal hole.

"Oh yes! Fuck! Human fillies are so soft and warm! And so many of them!" He looked around in wonder that every warrior in his scouting party had gotten a female to mate with. "Joining with Augras was definitely the right choice! This truly is a land of plenty for us!"

The centaurs cheered as they each began to fuck their women, Golinchkar most of all. The tiny human's pussy wrapped tightly around his thick shaft, but he paid the tightness no mind. She'll loosen up in time. Especially after she starts pumping out foals! He snickered to himself and began to work his hips, pulling out slowly and then stabbing forward in a violent thrust.

Betty grunted beneath him, using all her strength to keep from being thrown forward as the centuar's powerful lower half drove into her. The thick rod filled her completely, stretching her pussy to near the breaking point. Every time Golinchkar pulled back she was sure that her insides her going to follow. The only consolation was that the centaur's massive frame blocked her from view, saving her the shame of being further seen.

Not that the other women of the village would have any room to judge. They were all in a similar state as the rest of the war band ravished them. Her entire village was on the verge of being annihilated, or at least, bred out of existence. Terror gripped her as she wondered if she really could bear a centaur's child.

It didn't appear as if Golinchkar had any doubts based on the enthusiasm with which he fucked her. The more he kept at it, the looser she became and the easier it was to move himself in and out. As he forced her cunt to conform to the girth of his shaft he picked up the pace. Faster and faster he moved, using her body as a cock sleeve to bring himself off. It had been too long since he enjoyed a woman, particularly since he released his Mincenntti captives as a condition of allying with Augras.

"Ah, that's good. That's real good. Humans are so fucking tight aren't they?" He asked rhetorically. His powerful flank muscles rippled as he flexed his body while thrusting into her. The tight warmth wrapped around his cock was better than he had ever experienced before! As he rode Betty, he looked around at the rest of his band in triumph. None of his warriors seemed to find any fault or complaint. All around the human women were being bred, though in one case he actually saw one of the women sucking on a fat equine prick. I'll have to try that later.

"Come on Betty, move your hips, the sooner you make me cum the sooner this will all be over." This round at least, he thought with a snicker.

The young human woman did her best but sharp pain lanced through her each time she shook her hips. The centaur's horse dick was lodged so deep and tightly inside her that each movement she made caused her insides to stretch painfully. "Ah! Please! Just finish! It hurts!" She wailed.

"If you keep up that screeching we might be here all day!" Golinchkar admonished her. He tried to shut out her mewling and focus on the pleasure that her body was giving his cock. His testicles began to tingle as his seed began to flow up to the base of his cock in anticipation of the coming climax.

His thrusting became frantic as he pounded into her again and again, ruining her pink pussy with his fat cock. Moments later his gooey seed burst out of the flat tip of his shaft and plastered her vaginal walls. The now widened pocket of her pussy quickly filled with his cum even as more spurts splashed against her cervix.

A shiver went through him as her body quaked and pulsed, squeezing the hyper-sensitive end of his phallus. As the last of his cum leaked into her body, a mighty blast from a horn shook him from the post coital bliss.

"Riders approaching!" One of his warriors called out.

"How many?"

"A horde! A whole army!"

Golinchkar yanked his cock out and galloped over to the edge of the village, leaving Betty with her pussy gaping in a wet, sopping mess. He scanned the horizon to the north and saw a long line of men on horseback charging towards the village. "Augras instructed us to try and make out their banners. What can you see?"

"I see some kind of bird, a bird of prey swooping downward."

Augras told me about that one. The female general and her Falcon Knights. "There's too many for us to fight. Let's get back to the camp and join the rest of the army. We got everything we came here for anyway!" With a laugh, the centaurs abandoned the woman and turned, riding off to the south at full gallop.

****

"Our scouts tracked the Thestan force riding into the mountains before losing sight of them." Grotok informed the assembled council. Besides Grotok's commanders, Augras, Golinchkar, Brindhour, and Marishka were also present.

"Their horses won't be of much use on the mountain," Augras remarked, "what could she be planning?"

"She wouldn't have led them there for no reason. Amelie must have some trick up her sleeve." Grotok continued. "I want our sentries doubled, and pickets placed even further out."

"They're going to die." Marishka said, a somewhat dreamy expression on her face. "The warrior queen is going to kill them."

Grotok's commanders clamored at this, but the King waved them down. "Unless you have some spell to eliminate her, then I'm going to stick with standard military tactics."

Does she? Augras wondered. It was something worth considering, though as far as he knew magic couldn't be used for such direct attacks. "She doesn't have enough men with her to seriously threaten the army. She must mean to harass us somehow. As long as we maintain the security of the camp, she won't succeed."

"What's to stop her from just coming down the other side of the mountain?" Brindhour asked.

"This is the only pass of any size between Thesta and Zentara," Augras replied, "there aren't any trails big enough for her to move an army through, especially one on horseback."

"Your Highness!" A flushed soldier rushed into the tent, sweat pouring down his face. "Your Highness!

"Well? Out with it, soldier!" Grotok barked.

"The patrol from 5th squadron never returned, and the relief sent to the outer pickets found no sign of our sentries."

"It has begun." Marishka said while Grotok closed his eyes.

After a moment, the King opened them and looked to Augras. "Since you did such a good job finding a captive the other night, take your Minotaurs and go find us another. We need to know what Amelie is planning."

Is this a trick? Is he sending me out there to get killed? Either way, I can't really refuse with honor. Augras glanced over to Marishka, who only looked ahead blankly. Finally he turned back to Grotok and nodded. "Yes, Your Highness. Have no fear, we'll get the job done. Brindhour, get a war band together, we're going hunting."

Brindhour gave a wide, bovine grin and rose. "Finally! Another chance to fight!" The Minotaur chieftain then left the tent to find his men.

A moment later Augras rose, as did Marishka and Golinchkar. "You'll get the answers you seek, Uncle." When Grotok only nodded in response, Augras turned and left to catch up with Brindhour. It was going to be a long night after all.

****

Within the hour they were following the narrow trail up the mountain on the way to the outpost where the sentries had disappeared. He traveled with a score of Minotaurs, which ordinarily would have put him at ease, but tonight he still felt concerned. Not so much because of the Minotauars, but rather because he wasn't happy with the goals of their mission.

Being sent out into the darkness to 'see what they're up to' had disaster written all over it. So as they marched, Augras committed his mind to finding a way to extricate himself and his men from this assignment while still being able to achieve at least a minimal success. He also wrestled with Grotok's intentions for sending him out here as well, and whether that was going to grow to be a bigger problem as the campaign went on. And it will go on, he reassured himself, if I accept my destiny as true, then I'll survive this mission regardless of how undefined it is.

When they reached the outpost, they were challenged by the relief force who had discovered the missing sentries. "Halt! Advance and be recognized!"

"Prince Augras, and twenty of my men. Sent to investigate what happened to our sentries."

"Welcome, Your Highness," the guard responded when the group appeared and he recognized them as being orcs and Minotaurs: one of the benefits of the racial character of the war was that it made it easier to determine friend from foe. "As we sent in the report, there weren't any bodies here when we arrived. We did find what looks like blood though."

"Show me." Augras commanded, and a moment later the sentry led them over to a small, darkened patch a further beyond the guard camp.

"That is blood." Brindhour confirmed. "Someone approached and was stopped here." The Chieftain began to look around the area. "Over here." They walked towards up to where an incline in the hill evened out again. "There's a trail here leading higher up in the mountains. They probably traveled this way."

"Send a runner back to the camp to inform my uncle about the trail," Augras told the sentry, "we're going to see where it leads." As they continued up the trail, Augras ensured that all the Minotaurs were keeping a close lookout for any trouble.

Unfortunately, as they continued along the path it soon branched out in different directions and then those branched out as well. "There is a whole honeycomb of trails through the mountain," Brindhour reported, "we do not have enough men to check them all."

"Nor can we just pick one and follow it blindly. We may never find the right way back." At least this is as good an excuse as any for turning back. A larger force can secure these paths in a more methodical way in the morning.

A sharp whistle tore through the night, followed by a dull crunch as a large rock crashed into a Minotaur's head. A moment later another bellowed out as a rock caught him in the shoulder. "Fall back! They're dropping rocks from above!"

The scouting party began to retreat lower down the mountain, following the path they came up on. As they rounded a corner they were greeted with a wave of javelins flying through the night. Augras blocked one with his shield, but more sank into the flesh of his Minotaurs. Fortunately, the thin javelins, though expertly thrown, didn't damage his large forces the same way they would a human. "Charge! Fight through them!" Augras called out as he kept his shield raised and ran towards the soldiers.

The Thestans maintained a tight front, standing shoulder to shoulder with their shields raised. Augras slammed his shield against a Thestan, and tried to use his superior strength to knock him back. The Thestan ranks were thick though, and the soldiers behind him kept him from falling. The Thestan countered with a sword thrust, but Augras blocked it and brought his own sword down for another attack.

A Minotaur standing next to Augras grunted in pain as a sword slashed through his side, leaving a long trail of blood. Bellowing in rage, he raised his axe and brought it down hard into the Thestan's shield. But the enemy soldier had it angled so it scraped off, and then quickly countered with another cut, this time leaving a deep gash in the Minotaur's arm.

Augras was still locked in combat with the Thestan before him. Their shields clashed ineffectively against one another, with neither having enough space to gain an advantage. Augras frowned when he realized that the soldier didn't seem all too concerned with the stalemate and as the half-orc heard a 'twang' he was forced to quickly turn his head to the side.

An arrow nicked Augras' helmet, but slid off the metal and deflected harmlessly to the side. More arrows began to fall on them, pricking the Minotaurs and sticking out of their thick bodies like so many porcupine quills.

We're getting killed out here! Augras looked around desperately for a solution, then gave a feral grin as he noticed that the trail was continuing downward just behind the Thestan ranks. "Tighten up!" He called out to the Minotaurs. "Push forward, drive them back. We've got the weight and the terrain on our side! Quickly now!"

Brindhour bellowed out loudly and pushed forward. Ignoring the numerous cuts on his arms he held his axe horizontally and slammed it forward into three Thestan shields, pushing the soldiers back. The rest of the Minotaurs followed suit, and rather than trying to kill the enemy they focused on driving them back.

The Thestan ranks began to slowly shift back, but with each step they took the next became even easier. The Minotaurs were simply too strong and large to hold back physically. Their archers continued to take a toll on the beasts, however, slowly but surely the Thestans were forced down a hill.

The Minotaur chieftain gave another loud bellow and slammed the head of his axe into the shield of the knight in front of him. The powerful blow reverberated through the wood and the force knocked the Thestan on his back. He tried to scramble to his feet, but as the line of minotaurs continued to move forward he was overtaken and Brindhour slammed his cloven hoof down on the Thestan's skull, shattering it.
