 The sun was almost gone by the time Markoz led Brigitte back to his camp. The princess's cheeks began to color again as she saw a crowd gathering to welcome the chief back: she had just begun getting used to being naked in the presence of the two orcs, and now an entire village was going to see her! Still, she couldn't lose her courage now, so Brigitte lifted her chin and tried to look every part the princess as she was paraded into the orc's camp. 

Markoz clicked his teeth against his tusks and gestured for a passing slave to approach. "Start building a bonfire." He then looked out to his assembled tribe and gave them a big grin. "We're having an initiation tonight!" 

The tribe erupted into a deafening cheer. The sound shook Brigitte to her bones and made her doubt her plan even more than being taken by the chieftain had. What does he mean by initiation? She wasn't sure, but she definitely didn't like the way all the orcs in the tribe were leering at her. It's normal, she tried to reassure herself, they would look that way towards any naked woman. They've probably never seen a noble with such soft and fair skin before! 

To her relief, she was quickly handed over to a group of women and ushered into a crude hut. Brigitte was glad to be away from the rest of the tribe, though the level of excitement and anticipation from the tribe left her unsettled. "What does the initiation consist of?" She asked the lone orc woman who seemed to be the leader of the four women accompanying her. 

"You'll soon find out," she replied, "better that you don't know." She led Brigitte over to a large tub of water. "Climb in, we need to get you cleaned off before we can start preparing you." 

A bath does sound lovely, she conceded, I don't think I've ever been quite so dirty in my life. She suppressed a giggle at the double meaning. I'm getting quite silly. I must be more distressed then I thought. Brigitte decided to focus on the matter at hand, but as she climbed into the tub she yelped loudly. It was freezing! Of course they wouldn't have heated water, this isn't Megdis! She chided herself. 

"Colder than you're used to?" The orc woman asked her with a sneer. "Not surprising. Human women have such low tolerance for the elements. It's no wonder you never last long here." The orc woman paused as she brushed Brigitte's skin. "Skin this soft must mean you were a Lady. How'd you end up here?" 

"I'm hoping to enlist Markoz's assistance in the ongoing war between Zentara and Sandora." When she saw the look of puzzlement on the ladies' faces she continued. "You must not have heard. The orcs in Zentara and Heste have gone to war with Sandora and Thesta. Since Markoz is the enemy of Zentara, I want to conclude an alliance with him." 

"You'll have a hard time getting a word in edgewise when your mouth is stuffed full of cock." One of the ladies answered as she wiped the sweat and dirt from Brigitte's body. 

Brigitte suppressed a flinch at the crude description. "Be that as it may, I have him interested already. There is great treasure and many captives to be had, after all." When the women finished cleaning her she was helped out of the tub and guided over to a small altar covered in vials and jars. "I can assure you I'm strong enough to handle whatever they have in store for me. I would really rather know what the initiation is instead of going in blind." 

The woman in charge unstopped a bottle and brought it to Brigitte's lips. "Drink this." 

"What is it?" 

"It will make the initiation go easier. Drink!" 

Brigitte reluctantly opened her mouth and took a sip from the bottle. It was mostly sweet but with a strange, tangy aftertaste. "How is it going to help?" 

The other two woman dipped their hands into a jar of ointment and began spreading it over the princess' body. She gave a little gasp as their soft hands stroked up and down her arms, and her small hairs began to stand on end as a jolt went through her body. A shiver raced down her spine as they moved around to her back, and she couldn't help but give another gasp. 

The lead orc woman gave her a wicked grin and brought the bottle to Brigitte's lips again. As the princess took another drink, the woman explained, "First, you will be presented to the tribe. Then, our Chief will assert his claim on you." 

Brigitte took another sip, but almost spit it out as another wave of pleasure coursed through her from the slaves' ministrations. Her whole body was getting hot, and she could feel arousal growing inside her. Each touch of the women's fingers across her body felt like a sensual lover's caress, making her shiver and moan in delight. What's happening to me? 

"You know how he'll do that, right?" The leader whispered in her ear: even the soft tickle of her breath was enough to make Brigitte quiver. "He's going to fuck you in the middle of the camp, with the whole tribe watching. He's going to claim your pussy as his, your womb as his." 

"Ah!" Brigitte cried out at the thought of being so publically fucked by the powerful orc. Her nipples were already hard and throbbing, and made too tempting a target for the women preparing her. They began to smear the ointment over her breasts, especially around her areolas and nipples. Her nubs were squeezed and plucked as they coated them in the greasy liquid from the jar. 

Brigitte closed her eyes, her mind reeling under the assault. While she had explored her own body before, it had been nothing like this. Even the pleasure she had begun to feel earlier that day couldn't compare. The ointment was making every nerve on her body come alive, and every touch was like the most intimate of caresses. "W-what are you rubbing on me?" 

"We're just getting you ready for what comes next." The lead woman snickered. "After he claims you, you'll be marked as a slave of the Clan. That will actually seem a welcome respite though." The woman dipped her fingers into the ointment and then pressed them between Brigitte's legs. "You'll want to gather your strength for the last part." 

"Ooooooh! W-what happens last?" Brigitte asked breathlessly. The princess couldn't stop herself from pushing her hips forward into the woman's fingers. She eagerly worked her lower body against the hand, humping it wantonly as her already sensitive pussy lips soaked up the arousing ointment. 

As one slave smeared the ointment over Brigitte's ass, even going so far as to push a finger inside her tight rosebud, the lead woman circled her finger around the princess' clit at a wicked, torturously slow pace. "As the property of the Clan, you'll be turned over and taken by the Clan. Not in your sex of course; that belongs to the chief. But every orc willing to wait in line is going to take a turn with your pretty mouth and round ass!" She laughed softly. "You like the thought of that, don't you?" 

"Yesssss!" Brigitte squealed. She did like the thought of it. She knew she shouldn't, but being prepared for the initiation ceremony was driving her mad. Brigitte wanted it to start, wanted something, anything to quench the fires burning inside of her. 

"Well, you'll get your wish. Here, drink again. Finish it." She handed the bottle to Brigitte, who promptly drained all the intoxicating liquid inside. "Good girl. You're ready now, let's get you outside." 

Brigitte's whole body tingled as she was led out of the hut. It seemed like the entire tribe had gathered to see her. Her face flushed, though not with shame. Certainly, somewhere in the back of her mind a realization of her shame and vulnerability tried to overpower the drug-fueled lust. But the last vestiges of her royal upbringing had long since been stripped away, unleashing a ravenous succubus. 

The orc men eyed her lustfully as she was paraded through them toward the center of the camp where a large bonfire had been built. It blazed brightly, emanating a sweltering heat that held the winter's chill at bay. The tribe's crones danced about it, chanting prayers of virility and fecundity. 

The sex-crazed Princess turned slave ignored them all and headed straight for the platform that had been raised before the fire. Markoz was there waiting for her, seated on a crude wooden throne. The burly orc chieftain was completely naked, except for swirling tribal designs painted all over his body. He rose from his chair as she approached, and at the sight of her nude body glistening with the aphrodisiac his cock stiffened and throbbed with desire. 

"Tonight we welcome a new member of our tribe: a new concubine, one who will breed many strong warriors." Markoz raised his hands as the tribe cheered, quieting the raucous orcs. When they settled down he grabbed Brigitte by the arms and spun her around to face the crowd. 

Brigitte panted hotly as her naked breasts and pussy were exposed from the elevated position. She knew that at any moment Markoz would enter her and fuck her before all these people, using her as a sex slave and claiming her for all to see. She had always hoped that she would be able to return home after the war, even if, intellectually, she knew that wasn't likely. 

The last of her hope died that night. She knew, irrevocably, that she could never go back, that she was forever to be a slave for Boshdog Tribe. Brigitte began to sway unsteadily as her arousal and her surrender to her fate consumed her mind and overwhelmed her. As she wobbled, her ass brushed over the tip of Markoz's cock. The weight of it poking against her backside completed the submission that the drugs had brought on. Brigitte fell back, leaning against Markoz and eagerly ground her backside against his hard shaft. 

"But my newest concubine isn't just some village girl captured in a raid; oh no." Markoz's booming laugh resonated from the dais. "Our newest member is a genuine human princess!" The crowd roared again. "Who has traveled all the way to our camp to volunteer herself as a breeder for our tribe!" The assembled orcs' shouting grew louder, and Markoz had to raise his even more to rise above them. "I guess that means our next generation of warriors will be smart as well as strong, eh?" 

Without further ado, Markoz lifted Brigitte up and brought her down onto his lap as he sat back on the throne. His large gray hands lifted her knees, forcing her legs into the shape of an M as he guided her pussy to the tip of his cock. "Put it in, Princess, show everyone here how much you want it." 

Brigitte reached down and wrapped her soft white fingers around Markoz's bulging grey cock. A tingle spread up her hands as she felt the hard meat sink into her grasp. Markoz was no denying her need, or the fact that she was going to submit to his command. Perhaps later, after the raging inferno inside her had been quenched, would reason prevail and she could salvage some of her dignity. 

For now, she guided the shaft to her slit and rubbed the slanted tip against her soft folds. Just the faintest brush of his member on her hypersensitive labia was enough to push her to the edge of orgasm. Hungry for more, she reached with her other hand to spread her slip pussy lips and began feeding the tip inside. 

As soon as he felt the tip of his cock push into her folds, Markoz pulled her down hard and slammed his cock deep inside her. He immediately began bouncing her on his dick, impaling the human princess again and again as he kept her legs spread wide. The assembled tribe cheered as they got a direct and firsthand look of their chieftain's cock claiming the new human cunt. 

"Look closely! As chief of the Boshdog Clan, I lay claim to this cunt! It is mine to breed!" Markoz punctuated his words with sharp thrusts, making Brigitte squeal each time the head of his shaft impacted her cervix. 

"Ah!" Brigitte cried out as the cock landed deeply inside her. She trembled violently on his lap as she rolled her hips in a sharp circle, stirring his thick shaft against the walls of her pussy. It felt so good that his words sailed right passed her. The cheering of the tribe brought her out of her brief reverie, and reinforced the fact that she was acting like a wanton strumpet in front of an entire village of people! 

Her eyes moved over the crowd, occasionally locking eyes with this orc or that, or occasionally with one of the other human slaves. Many of them looked envious of her, others were aroused. None of them watched her with the awe or respect she was used to as a princess. Every set of eyes she settled on saw her only as a slave...a slave getting bred by her new master. 

Markoz set her feet down on the arm rests of his chair, and then grasped her breasts, which had been bouncing wildly in the air. Brigitte's tits slid over his palms, so well lubed with the aphrodisiac that they were hard for him to hold on to. He still pawed at them though, rubbing them all over and especially concentrating on the former princess' hard nipples. 

He had better luck catching them in his fingers, and pinched and teased them mercilessly. He made sure they grew and stayed hard as he fucked her, and used the sensation to further confuse and overwhelm his newest acquisition. 

"That's it, take my cock. Get ready to take my seed! Beg for it!" Markoz's shout carried over the crowd as he drove up into her, using his grip on her nipples to pull her down onto his dick. 

The painful tugging on her nipples clashed with the pleasure the cock gave her. But the pleasure easily won out, and in her lust-crazed, hyper-aroused state the pain was subsumed into the pleasure, becoming one overwhelming sensation. "Ah! Yes! Please! Take me! Give me your cock! Fill me with your seed! Aaaaaah!" She cried out in delight as her body became wracked with an orgasm. The pleasure jolted through her, spreading out from her sex to make her entire body tingle as she gushed in ecstasy over the orc's member. 

Markoz howled in triumph, and joined her a moment later as his own climax hit. He shot is load inside her for the second time that day, pumping more of the creamy, gooey cum into her fertile body. The jizz plastered her cervix, and his virile swimmers began to make their way through the membrane as she rode out the climax. 

He continued to pump into her for several more moments, making sure he was completely drained and that she was as stuffed with his cum as she could be. Once he was satisfied, he lifted her up off his cock and set her down on the chair. Three orc women, including the leader from before, quickly climbed up onto the dais and pulled her down onto her knees near the edge of the platform. 

"You have seen me claim her for my own, but she belongs to the Tribe. So that all know she is the property of the Boshdog Tribe, let her be marked with our colors and symbols!" At Markoz's proclamation, two of the orc women pulled her arms back behind her, forcing her chest to thrust out while the leader knelt beside her with a tattooing kit. 

Brigitte's eyes widened as she saw the needle approaching her chest. She knew that this was a possibility, a probability even. But now that it was here her heart lurched in her chest. If her plan was to work, she would need to lead the orc army into Zentara. But now, when she did, she was going to be marked as a slave. Everyone who saw her would know that she was not traveling with them as an ally, but following them as a servant. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a blinding flash of pain as her marking began. The orc woman worked on Brigitte's chest, not even bothering to look her in the eye, or take into account her comfort or wishes. A black, red, and green tribal pattern soaked into the skin between her breasts. As the orc woman continued, the tattoo grew up in her cleavage and wrapped around each breast, so that the distinct pattern would be clearly visible when wearing the open vest of an orc slave. 

"Ah...ah..." Brigitte panted, fighting back the shakes after the orc woman finished her work. Her chest felt like it had been branded, though she knew rationally that if it had been the pain would be far worse. She had heard that the beast Agmar had branded his slaves in the Catabrian Hills, and was glad that these orcs were more civilized, such as they were. 

"Wonderful. Excellent work, Bakra. Now all will see that she is our slave. But, before I release her to meet her new Tribe," Markoz paused as the men laughed and cheered, "I want to do something special for our slave. She was a Princess, after all, and she did come here willingly." Markoz gave Bakra a nod. "Continue." 

Bakra lifted Brigitte's breast, a scowl forming on her face. Despite being larger than the princess, her own tits were actually smaller. She squeezed it painfully, digging her fingers into the soft flesh as she reached into her kit again and pulled out another long needle. With a grim efficiency she jabbed the sharp point into Brigitte's erect nipple. 

The princess howled in pain as the needle slipped through the nub. Blood seeped out from the holes it left behind, but they were quickly plugged with a gold ring. A moment later Bakra pierced Brigitte's other nipple and ringed that one as well. 

"Beautiful! Thank you Bakra. Doesn't our new slave look lovely?" When the orcs howled their agreement, Markoz continued, "I'd like to decorate her further, but that can wait until she's had a chance to recover more. She's going to need her cunt in one piece for the days ahead!" 

The crowd laughed again, and the orcs began to call for her to be brought down to them. Markoz held up his hands again to quiet the Tribe. "I hear you! You ask to share in our slave, and I grant that request. But you know the rules! Her pussy belongs to me!" 

Brigitte's heart jumped up to her throat as Bakra stood behind her, and then with a nasty growl kicked the princess hard in the back, launching her off the platform and into the crowd of waiting orcs. She was easily caught in the crowd despite the slickness of her skin. Immediately she was being groped all over as each orc wanted to take his turn touching the newest slave. 

The orcs held her off the ground, naked and spread eagle. Her newly pierced nipples swayed freely through the air beneath her as the men made her hang in place. An orc was on each arm and leg, holding her up while a fifth one pushed between her thighs. He slapped his thick cock down between her ass cheeks and started rubbing it between them. 

"Heh, nice ass! Very firm. She'll be able to take a lot of pushing back here!" He laughed as he gripped her butt cheeks and pulled them apart, allowing his cock to sink even further between them. Once his shaft was running the length of her crack, he pushed the cheeks together against it and started to move his hips, dry humping her backside. "We're going to treat you real good, slave. You'll be thanking the stars for the day you submitted yourself to the Boshdog Tribe!" 

Brigitte was still reeling from the pain of her tattooing and piercing. Thankfully though, the orcs seemed more interested in her ass and mouth than they were in abusing her tits. I never thought I'd see the day where that's what I'm thankful for, she thought just before a thick grey slab of orc cock slapped her across the face. Strong fingers squeezed her jaw, forcing her mouth open so he could thrust his member inside. 

For the second time that day, for the second time on her life, she found herself sucking on a dick. Not just any penis either, but an orc cock! I need to get used to it. This is my life now, I chose this. Make them think I want it. Be a good slave, and force Markoz to listen to you! She tried to reassure herself as she worked her mouth up and down along the cock. She still wasn't very skilled, but she tried to make up for that with enthusiasm by wetly and loudly sucking on the shaft. 
