 "The enemy is coming through the Pass!" Amelie exclaimed to her assembled troops. "The Sandoran army is moving to stop them, and we'll come down on the other side to hit their baggage train and cut off their retreat. Any questions?" 

"Yes," Phillipe's voice rang out in the deathly silence of the army, "where is your armor?" 

Amelie's heart stopped, and for a moment she was paralyzed with the fear of being unarmored before battle. The fear turned to horror a moment later when another voice cried out, "Where are your clothes, whore?" 

She looked down in shock at her naked breasts and flushed deeply as the full realization struck her: she was standing completely naked in front of her entire army! She wilted in shame and wrapped one arm over her breasts and covered her slit with the hand from the other. 

"Slut!" 

"Whore!" 

"Let us seem them!" 

"You know you want to show them off!" 

A tremor ran through her, and her fingers inadvertently clutched her sex harder. The digits sank into her warm flesh as she cast her eyes down to the ground. A moment later another sickening realization struck: I'm wet. I'm getting turned on! 

Before she even knew what was happening, her fingers were pushing in and out of her slit. Her other arm drew back, allowing her to cup and knead one of her breasts as her army looked on. Their words crashed in her ears and while part of her did find something in their derision exciting, it was the feeling of being so totally exposed that caused her heart to rush. 

"Ah...they're look at me" she murmured, "they can see everything!" Amelie threw her head back again and moaned in pleasure as the heel of her palm pressed against her clit. Two of her fingers plunged in and out of her body, wading through the slick walls as they twisted about inside her hungry pussy. 

"The bitch loves it!" 

"She was going to lead us into battle?" 

"The slut's only good for one thing!" 

In a flash she was surrounded. Her soldiers' armor was gone, leaving only naked flesh and hard cocks. Burly hands grabbed her arms and pulled them to her sides, preventing her from touching herself. "You want us to look? Then let us look. Let us see everything!" 

Amelie's arms were pulled behind her, leaving her even more exposed from the front. She could feel thousands of eyes on her, devouring her flesh and memorizing every detail of her naked body. "Ah!" A near orgasmic tremor ran through her as she was shamed and degraded before them. 

A moment later a pair of strong, rough hands seized her tits and began to squeeze. Another hand shot between her legs and began to rub her slit. "By the Abyss, she's wetter than Cumberland Falls!" Laughter rang out, and more hands reached out to inspect how wet she was. 

"I got the Princess-Knight's cunt juices on my finger!" 

"Let me get some!" 

"I want a taste!" 

"Hah, sweet as honey!" 

"Just like a tart!" 

The feeling of some many soldiers touching her pussy and commenting on her taste drove her to the brink of another orgasm. Amelie shuddered in delight, thrusting her hips outwards, trying to find more fingers to rub against. "Mmm! Oh! Ah! Yes! Touch me! I need it!" She couldn't believe the words were coming out of her mouth, nor could she deny that they were her own. 

Her body burned, desperate for release, desperate to be touched and felt all over. Amelie groaned as fingers began to pinch her, nipping at her ass, tugging on her nipples, breasts, and even her clit. All around her the Falcon Guard took liberties with her body, touching her however and wherever they wanted. 

Suddenly she found herself on her hands and knees, straddling the cock of a thickset sergeant. It slammed into her without warning, pushing deep inside her folds and filling her hot snatch with the commoner's meat. The soldiers surrounding her took a hold of her and began to bounce her on hiscock, making her ride it as she moaned like a wanton whore. 

Her nether lips wrapped tightly around the base of the cock inside her and kissed the faceless man's pelvis. She started to grind her hips, working the shaft inside her as she eagerly rode atop him. Each time she stirred his cock its bulbous head rubbed against her sensitive inner walls and made her cry out in pleasure. 

But Amelie's lusty cries were quickly muffled as one of her soldiers shoved his prick between her lips. She moaned hotly, sending little vibrations down the length of his cock as she started to suck. Her hips continued to rock into the man beneath her, humping the sergeant as she eagerly sucked off the cock before her. 

The soldier grabbed her head and wrapped his rough, dirty fingers into her brown locks. He gripped them tightly and yanked hard as he slammed his own hips into Amelie's face. His cock launched forward, pushing right into the Queen's throat and sliding down deep, making it bulge visibly. He started to thrust his hips, fucking her face with short, rapid thrusts making sure each time he plunged in that his pelvis touched her lips and his balls smacked her chin. 

"Fuck! She's really into this!" 

"I always knew she was a whore!" 

"Why else would she surround herself with soldiers if she didn't want to get fucked like a whore?" 

Is that true? She wondered as she caressed the man's balls while nuzzling the base of his shaft with her lips. Is must be. Why else would I be enjoying it so much? The realization turned her on even more, and she began sucking and fucking even harder. She was rewarded moments later with two blasts of cum: one deep in her womb and the other right down her throat. 

"You like that don't you?" One of the faceless men in the crowd said. "Tell us you how much you want our cum!" 

"I love it! I want your seed! Spray it all over me with your big dicks! Fill me up with your cum! Shower me with your jizz!" She didn't even know where the words were coming from before they spilled out of her mouth. Amelie had never talked like that in her life, and yet here she was begging for the depraved treatment as vulgarly as possible. 

She was rewarded a moment later with a torrent of thick globs of gooey cum. All around her cocks were erupting and depositing their sticky loads over her face, across her breasts, and into her hair. She could feel it running down her spine and cooling on the round curves of her ass. She contorted in pleasure, twisting and panting as she burned hotly, desperate for relief. It was almost granted to her as she looked down and saw a long string of cum hanging off her erect nipple. 

"Yessss! Thank you! Mmm!" Amelie's long fingers scooped up the seed and shoved it into her mouth. She ran her tongue over her digits and between them as she sucked them clean. However, right as she savored her men's thick, musty cream, she found herself on her back, her legs up in the air with her head between her knees. 

Three men knelt around her head, stroking their long cocks while a fourth positioned himself above her. "Fucking slut! Parading before us naked, covered in cum? I should have done this years ago!" Philippe growled as he lined his cock up with the puckered entrance to her ass. 

Amelie's heart pounded as her eyes locked onto Philippe's cock. Philippe was her protégé, her most trusted lieutenant. Seeing the look of disdain in his eyes struck her to the core. Yet at the same time, feeling his cock sinking into her bottom sent a ripple of pleasure coursing through her body. The iron rod blazed with heat, and felt so good lodged deep inside her bowels. 

"Ah! Oh yes that feels good! Fuck me Philippe!" She cried out lustfully as she rocked her hips upward, trying to take even more of his cock inside her. The men kneeling around her head began to jerk their manhoods, and from her vantage point she had no doubt where exactly their loads were going to fall. She didn't care though, no, she relished the idea that she was about to take a direct facial from three of her soldiers. 

"By the Abyss you're a whore!" Philippe cried out as he watched Amelie writhe and moan. Reaching into a pouch, he pulled out a gold coin with her father's profile stamped on it. "What would your father say? Whore!" 

"Whore! Whore! Whore!" All around her the soldiers called out as they pulled out gold coins and flicked them at her. 

Amelie flinched as the coins rained down on her, splashing in the streaks of cum decorating her body. She was forced to look at the profile of her father as she was anally fucked by her subordinate. What would he say if he saw me now? She wondered. That I'm a disgrace. That I'm a weak woman, that I never should have been allowed to rule. "Oooooh!" Amelie cried out again as another tremor of pleasure rocked her body. 

Philippe began to drill down into her, squatting up and down as he plunged in and out of her tight ass. With each thrust his cock seemed to get bigger, and filled up her backside more and more. Soon the backs of his thighs were roughly colliding with her royal arse as he slammed up and down into her. "Take it! Take that cock, bitch!" 

Pressure began to mount inside her as the friction of his shaft pumping in and out fanned the flames building inside her. Her head began to spin, and her vision began to go black as her orgasm drew nearer and nearer. 

As the pleasure began to crest, she snapped awake and shot off her cot, "Philippe!" 

**** 

Hounds bayed in the night as Jasmara tightly hugged the thick branch of a tree. Torches flickered in the distance, rapidly closing in as the Thestan hunters chased down their prey. The orc princess clutched her spear tightly as her heart pounded in her chest. Daniels is looking for me, and I don't want to think about what he'll do if he catches me. 

Minutes later the pack of dogs surrounded the tree she was hiding in, barking up a storm to draw their masters over as if signaling a treed animal. But I'm not a fox she thought, a savage smile forming on her lips. 

Just as the hunting party drew up on the tree, Jasmara jumped down, plunging her spear deep into the chest of the nearest soldier. With a savage scream she twirled and flung him into the next Thestan over. She delivered a crushing backhand to one of the hounds, sending the dog scampering away with a sharp whimper. 

"Get -ulk!" One of the soldier's choked as a garrote was wrapped around his throat and pulled tight. Horace forced the soldier to the floor as the wire cut into his neck. 

One of the Thestans turned towards Horace with sword drawn, but before he could strike him down a knife flew from the darkness and buried itself in his chest. The rest of the Queen's Shadow closed in, surrounding the Thestan soldiers. 

Jasmara ripped her spear out of the soldier's chest and spun around to plant it in the stomach of the Thestan she had knocked to the ground. She gave it a wicked twist, before stomping on his chest to gain the leverage needed to pull it back out again. Blood flew through the air as she swung it again and slashed it at the next Thestan. 

The warrior darted back, deftly avoiding the spear but falling into the sword of another of the Queen's Shadow. The tip burst through his stomach, and with an earsplitting scream fell down to his knees. The Shadow quickly pulled the sword out and swung again, severing his head and silencing the Thestan's death knell. 

The hunting party was quickly falling, but before the rest fell one decided to take a final shot at the Princess. He charged forward and thrust his spear at Jasmara's side. The tip dug into the leather of the armor, leaving a deep gouge but deflecting enough off her side to avoid punching through to her flesh. She swung her fist and clocked him across the jaw, then swung the shaft of the spear like a quarterstaff and smashed it into his ribs. 

Jasmara scowled in disappointment as his jerkin absorbed the impact and denied her the rewarding crack of a shattered rib. The Thestan countered by chopping the spear at her, but she easily blocked it with the shaft of the spear. She quickly followed up by kicking his knee, and as he crumpled she bashed him in the chest and sent him sprawling to the earth. 

Now prone, he was quickly dispatched by the formidable orc princess. With her opponent dead, Jasmara scanned the battlefield to see that the Queen's Shadow had dispatched the rest of the Thestens. "Good work, men. We can't afford to leave any survivors." 

The smile Horace gave her sent a shiver down her spine. "You don't need to tell us, Your Highness. We have to keep moving, there will be more where they came from." Jasmara fell in with the Shadows as they formed a single file and began to wind their way through the woods, jogging as fast as they could in the light of the moon. 

All around them, torches flickered in the distance as more search parties fanned out through the woods looking for them. Killing the first group didn't end the threat she faced. She also knew that somewhere out there in the woods, Daniels was looking for her. I hope he finds me, she thought with a savage grin. 

They still had at least another league to go before reaching the Warne river, and once they got across that they would be safe. Detachments from her brother's cavalry would be waiting for them, with horses to carry them swiftly away to their main camp. 

As each minute passed, her twin feelings of worry and relief battled all the more fiercely. She could hear the search parties getting closer, but she also started to hear the sound of the river. Jasmara tried to calculate in her head whether they would make it before the search parties caught up to them or not. By the time they broke free of the tree line her lungs were starting to burn from the swift pace. 

A loud thud followed by a strangled groan cut through the silence as the Queen's Shadow leading the file fell back with a javelin sticking out of his chest. Dark figures sprung up from the ground, weapons drawn as they fanned out to block Jasmara's retreat. 

"Throw down your weapons, Princess" Phillippe called out, "you can't escape. Surrender now and your men will be spared." 

"So you can rape me in front of a castle of my brother's men? Would you surrender in my place?" Jasmara snarled back, gripping her spear tighter. There was no way she would willingly surrender, especially not with freedom so close at hand. 

Phillippe scowled, knowing that this wasn't going to go easily. Their own behavior had brought them here, though that hardly mattered now. She was right, he knew. He wouldn't surrender in her place. Maybe it's time to end this whole sordid affair. Phillippe drew his second javelin and threw it before he had a chance to second guess himself. 

Jasmara's eyes widened in shock as the javelin flew through the air directly towards her face. He's trying to kill me! She instinctively began to turn, twisting just fast enough to avoid having it bury itself deep in her face. The bladed tip left a gash along her cheek before continuing on past her into the darkness. 

Without losing momentum she continued to rotate and brought her spear up and slammed it into the first soldier to rush towards her. It smashed through two ribs and burst his heart from the force of the impact. Jasmara planted her boot in his chest and kicked him off the end of her spear as she continued forward, closing in on Phillippe. 

The Thestan commander unslung his shield and drew his sword, meeting her head on as the rest of his forces engaged the Queen's Shadow. He blocked her jab with his shield, and then answered with his own. The length of Jasmara's spear kept him at a distance though, preventing his attack from getting close. It's ok though, I have time. She's already winded, and more search parties are already closing in. 

He parried the spear aside when she thrust it again, and then slammed his shield into the shaft of the spear, knocking it down. Before he could follow through Jasmara swung the spear low, forcing him to jump back to prevent it from cutting his legs. 

Jasmara growled in frustration as Phillippe fought defensively. We need to get past them before more Thestans arrive. Despite the urgency, she slowed down and refrained from pressing the attack so she could come up with a better tactic. She needed a rest anyway, after the earlier fight and the run. The two combatants couldn't circle each other, not with the rest of the battle raging around them. 

She feinted at Phillippe and then drew back as he made a weak counter. "Scared to fight me, Phillippe? You should be, after what you put me through." Jasmara growled at the Thestan as she feinted again. 

"Not I, Princess." Phillippe replied unconvincingly. "Besides, it was for the greater good. The city surrendered, there was no siege..." 

"And all the other times?" Her words lashed out like a whip as she feinted one more with the spear, and then jammed the base of the shaft into his knee. She grinned savagely as he grunted in pain and quickly swiped her spear again, slashing it down his face and leaving a long cut from his forehead down his cheek. "I owed you that one!" She gloated triumphantly. 

Phillippe scowled as blood rushed down his face, blinding his right eye. He quickly raised his shield as Jasmara tried to capitalize on his weakness by renewing her assault. He used it to deflect her thrust, and then punched her squarely across her wounded cheek. 

The cut on Jasmara's face opened wider and more blood spilled out where it dripped down her grey cheek and seeped into her armor. "Agh!" Jasmara recoiled in pain, so Phillippe charged forward and bashed her with his shield, knocking her to the ground. 

Phillippe thrust his sword down to finish her off but she parried it with her spear again. Jasmara slashed it back and forth, keeping him at bay, but each time she did she got more overextended and tired. I won't be able to keep this up forever! 

Jasmara's arms began to tire, and the spear started to dip. Phillippe readied his sword for another attack, but before he could strike an arrow struck him from behind. The head punched through his chain armor, but the metal links slowed it enough that it didn't break through his leather breastplate. The orc scouts, Jasmara thought in wonder, they must have crossed the river when they heard the battle! 

He spun around to see five orc warriors on horses charging up from the ford in the river and raised his shield just quickly enough to stop another arrow. They continued firing arrows, and his soldiers began to fall under the sudden onslaught. Phillippe looked around desperately, and saw the flickering of torches getting closer. I just need to hold on a little longer! 

A predatory grin formed on her lips as she saw Phillippe spin around to face the horsemen. Gripping her spear tightly, she launched herself up off the ground and slammed the spear forward and up, just below where the cuirass ended and into the base of his spine. Phillippe dropped to the ground like a stone and began to bleed out onto the earth. 

"Your Highness!" The lead orc trooper called out. "It's good to see you! Come along, we've got a horse, quickly!" 

One of the other riders brought her a horse, which she quickly mounted. "Oh it feels good to ride again! Let's go!" The rest of her rescuers quickly followed suit and jumped on horses and began galloping to the river. She could smell the rushing water as she charged towards it, eager to cross it into freedom. I'll get to see Belkor again! She didn't know if she'd hug him or hit him, but it was nice to have the options available to her. 

We've done it, we're free! She thought, a moment too soon. Before she reached the water an arrow sunk into her horse's eye and punctured its brain, killing it instantly. 
