 A thick haze of smoky incense wafted out from the large hut as Markoz and Brigitte approached. The walls were made of thick timber beams, which was unusual for orc structures in the Angrian March. Probably stolen from Sandora or Thesta, she thought. Most of the unusual things found in the March could be explained that way. 

That proper building materials and techniques were used was an indication of the wealth and stature of the hut's inhabitant. It had taken a lot of cajoling, but Brigitte had finally convinced Markoz to move forward with her plan. The first step was to call a conclave of all the remaining tribes, but while Markoz was a powerful and respected warrior, he didn't have the authority or gravitas to summon the other tribal chiefs. 

There was one orc who did have the influence, but it wouldn't be easy to convince him to do it. Jogarth was a mighty chieftain in his prime, and it was his defeat of Turogg that had stopped the King's consolidation of the orc tribes, at least long enough for Turogg to get intertwined with Jeanette and the politics of the Western Kingdoms. 

Jogarth's victory won the acclaim of all the orcs remaining in the Angrian March, and there was no other orc more respected. But in the years since his victory, the orc champion had grown old and fat. Brigitte trembled at the sight of his bulbous, corpulent flesh as she waded through the haze of incense and approached the orc's throne. 

As she got close she had to restrain herself from coughing as she took in Jogarth's stench. The incense was doubtless meant to suppress his odor, but the closer they got the harder it became. The former princess wondered how the women arrayed on either side of him could stand it. 

But I suppose you get used to it, after a while. 

"Markoz, welcome!" Jogarth exclaimed, his face lighting up with delight. "It's been too long since a warrior of your stature graced my hall." The obese orc reached down to stroke the dark hair of one of the women seated to his side. "Can I offer you the service of one of my women?" He asked as his gaze shifted to Brigitte, leering at the young woman. 

"In time perhaps, great Jogarth,but there will be time for women later. Now is the time to talk of battle and riches!" Markoz replied amiably. Brigitte couldn't tell if he was being sincere or not, but was sure Jogarth was used to such flattery regardless. 

"Hah! Battles and riches? It's been over a decade since I handed control of my tribe to my son. My days of chasing battles are over, and I have riches aplenty. Only women remain to comfort me and keep me warm in my twilight." Jogarth's lips twisted into a nasty grin as he leaned forward. "Speaking of, is this the pretty morsel I've heard so much of? The human princess?" 

Brigitte shivered beneath the old orc's lecherous gaze. Her scant clothing did little to hide her curves, especially since Jogarth made no effort to hide his intentions, but boldly leaned forward to look inside her vest at the curves of her breasts. She wanted to scold him, but knew that would be a mistake: for the moment she had to let Markoz do the talking. 

"It is: my little Brigitte." Markoz slipped his hand beneath her loincloth and groped her rear affectionately. With his other hand he pulled back her vest to expose the Princess' breasts to Jogarth. 

Taking it as in invitation, the older orc reached forward to grasp one in each hand. The rough, calloused grey hands squeezed her milky flesh, testing their heft and firmness. His fingers, still strong despite his advanced years and physical deterioration, sought out her nipples and pressed around the nubs. He twisted the rings piercing them back and forth, then grinned lecherously as the nubs sprung to life beneath his touch. 

"Very nice, very responsive." 

Brigitte suppressed a shudder as the repulsive orc fondled her breasts. She pressed her ass back against Markoz's fondling hand for support as she bit her tongue to prevent herself from snapping at the old orc. Talking about me like I'm not here, She fumed. Remember why you're here, remember Megdis and father. I can put up with this for them. It took everything she had to keep silent, but she knew that it still wasn't the right time to speak, not if she wanted to bring Jogarth around to calling for a conclave. 

"She's proving to be quite the little gem. In addition to being a spirited, passionate concubine she's also a font of information on targets to raid." Sensing her discomfort, Markoz placed his other hand on her shoulder to steady her. He gave it a squeeze as his other hand continued to massage her bare bottom beneath the loincloth. 

"Yes yes, but is she fertile?" Jogarth asked as he released one tit to stroke Brigitte's cheek. 

"I think so, though it is still a little too early to tell. We should find out soon enough, isn't that right?" 

"Yes, Chief." Brigitte replied, looking past Jogarth to the orc's concubines standing on either side of his chair. Her eyes fell on an olive skinned girl from the Eastern Kingdoms who was looking at Markoz longingly. I can't blame her, compared to Jogarth I'm happy to serve Markoz! 

"Oh? When was the last time you bled, girl?" Jogarth asked as he gave Brigitte's tit a final slap and sat back on his chair. 

"Three weeks ago, Chief." She replied baldly. While most women might be offended at the invasive question, Brigitte took it in stride. It was just a natural bodily function, after all. However, thinking about it did send her stomach a flutter. I was at my most fertile when all this started. I could be with child right now. 

"So, fertile for your initiation, hmm? How exciting. I hope things didn't get out of hand." Jogarth snickered as he reached out with both hands to touch the women at his sides. 

"Not in my camp, Jogarth. None would dare. They know me, and they fear me. Plus, they know I have a scent for victory and have always led them well. Like the opportunity little Brigitte here has presented to me; some leaders would pass it by or ignore her, but I sensed the potential for great wealth and triumph." 

"Hah hah hah!" Jogarth laughed from his belly. "You're not going to let it go, are you Markoz? Very well, very well. Tell me what you came here to say, and then maybe we can get back to discussing your lost princess." 

"We've all seen how raiding isn't what it used to be. The Thestan and Sandoran lands within easy reach of the March have been largely depopulated. All the best treasure was looted long ago, and the young women have all been taken or fled. There is very little worth fighting for, or risking the wrath of Amelie as Grogosh did. So instead, we turn on each other." 

"True true, so what do you propose? A deeper strike into Thesta while the Princess-Knight is distracted by war?" 

"We could, but there aren't any tempting targets in range. Not like there is in Zentara. Haverset is just across the border on well known and well traveled routes. The men are all away for the war, so it sits undefended, filled to the brim with centuries of treasure taxed from our ancestors." 

Jogarth steepled his fingers as he thought. "What will you do with all that treasure if you can't use it for anything? Haverset is the only place we can go to sell off our gains, or trade it for livestock and tools." 

"We have other merchants to sell to, orc merchants. There are plenty of men, great leaders such as yourself, with outposts in the March. You'll be happy to take our plunder and sell it on the eastern caravans. Think of the fortune you could make! Plus, by looking towards the eastern markets you'll open up new opportunities to acquire more of their women, like that beauty behind you." Markoz leaned forward with a predatory grin. "You know I'm right. Trade with Haverset has been declining ever since Turogg's son took the elfish throne. They don't need the scraps we have to offer. Besides, how much of your gold has disappeared into Haverset over the years? Wouldn't you like to get it back?" 

Brigitte watched Jogarth carefully, trying to gauge how he was reacting to Markoz's persuasion. The words seemed to have an impact, though he didn't look totally convinced. A sudden epiphany struck her and she blurted out, "My chief has been regaling me with tales of your victories, especially your legendary triumph over Turogg. I had never heard of them before, for in the Western Kingdoms they only speak of how he conquered the orc tribes and led them to victory for Zentara. Now you can set the record straight, to show them all who the true warrior is." 

"Your victory over Turogg as a youth made you a hero, Jogarth." Markoz continued, "Let this victory over his children make you a legend. Call the conclave, and let us show the humans what true orcs can do!" 

The corpulent orc stared at Markoz for a long moment, before a grin broke out on his face. "Very well, I'll do it! If nothing else, a conclave will liven things up. I'll send out riders to the tribes immediately. But if I am going to call a conclave and sponsor you to speak, then let us share our women, like brothers do." 

As Jogarth leered at her, Brigitte hid her resignation. Markoz had told her it might come to this: that it probably would come to this. She was ready to pleasure him, despite him being the most repulsive orc she had met yet. At least he isn't going to enter me vaginally: that much is forbidden to him. 

"Of course, Great Jogarth, I would be honored to sample your women." 

"The 'princess' has such soft, honeyed words. I'd like to see if her mouth is equally as sweet. Which of mine would you like to sample, Markoz? The eastern delight you noticed earlier?" Jogarth leaned forward to grope Brigitte's tits again, playing with the shiny piercings as he pulled her closer, until he could bury his face between her breasts. His rubbed his tusks against her cleavage as he nibbled on the soft flesh. 

"She'll do nicely, I think." Markoz replied as he patted Brigitte's ass, nudging her forward to Jogarth. 

The look of desire on the eastern woman's face gave Brigitte an absurd pang of jealousy. Don't get used to him, she thought, you will be staying here with your master and I shall be returning with him. "Ah!" She cried out suddenly as Jogarth bit down on her nipple and tugged the pierced nub. 

"Very nice, quite delightful, but let's put your mouth to better use!" Jogarth pulled Brigitte down by her shoulder with one hand as the other lifted his great belly, pulling it out of the way to make room for Brigitte to crawl beneath him. 

The incense couldn't mask the fat orc's stench, not this close and not after lifting his fat rolls. Brigitte's eyes watered, and she took a deep breath through her mouth for relief:the princess knew that soon wouldn't be an option though. Slender, delicate hands slid up his voluminous pants to untie and open them. Jogarth didn't seem interested in lifting himself to remove the garment, so Brigitte had no choice but to reach in to find his member. 

A shudder ran down her spine as the backs of her hands collected the orc's sweat as she pushed them along his body. Finally she found the thick snake lurking inside his trousers. She worked it up, and then finally brought it out to dangle before her. The sight of it disgusted her; not because of how inhuman it was; she didn't really have a frame of reference and was well used to orc members besides; but based on how disgusting Jogarth was his member was going to be even worse. 

All these orc rituals involving sex are silly and distracting. The sooner I get this over with, the better; there are far more important things to be about! After steeling herself, Brigitte lifted the still flaccid shaft and held it in both hands. She squeezed the twisted base and shook it lightly, allowing the slanted tip to slap against her fingers. Then she took a deep breath through her mouth and lowered herself to the tip. 

Beside her, the Markoz stepped forward and grabbed the eastern woman, who gave a delighted squeal as he flipped her around and bent her over. His thick beefy fingers slid between her legs, and stroked along her mound, rubbing it slowly as he worked up her arousal. When she began to grow moist, Markoz alternated between rubbing her sex and smearing the growing juices along the crack of her ass and into its puckered hole. 

"She's got a tight ass to be sure, Markoz," Jogarth remarked as Brigitte worked between her legs, "but I'm surprised you're not going for her mouth. Don't you want to look down at her exotic features as she takes your cock?" 

"A delight to be sure, but I prefer my first glimpse of a new woman to be from the most important angle." Markoz quipped with a chuckle before scooping up some of the eastern woman's wetness and spreading it down his cock. 

Brigitte bristled as the two orcs spoke as if the women weren't present in the room. Markoz wouldn't even be here if it weren't for me! She wrapped her lips around Jogarth's slanted tip and took the first inch of his ridged cock into her mouth. The taste made her want to gag, so she distracted herself with her litany. It doesn't matter though, it's all for my home. I accepted this to get their help, and it's working. I just have to keep going. She had been telling herself that for days ever since she was captured, and it was true. Her ordeal meant nothing in the grand scheme of things, as long as she brought these orcs in on her side. 

"I suppose you have a point there. I imagine I'll get a chance to see what a royal backside looks like before the conclave is over!" Jogarth sniggered again, and his cock began to harden as Brigitte's warm mouth wrapped around it and started to suck. He grunted in satisfaction and began to move his hips, lightly thrusting up between her lips. 

"Once all the tribes start arriving you'll be too distracted trying to trade for new women!" Markoz slipped a finger inside the eastern woman's pussy and twisted it around, then slid it out and pressed it against her anus. He pushed it in without waiting, and it sunk inside the woman's ass. Though her walls closed snugly around his finger, he was able to slide it in and out easily, and began working her bottom to prepare for his cock. 

I'm doing it for Sandora, I'm doing it for Sandora. Brigitte thought again and again as she slid down the length of Jogarth's shaft. Her lips circled down the screw shaped pattern of ridges while her tongue pushed against his meat and rubbed up and down. I don't think this is what my mother had in mind when she advised I lie back and think of Sandora when going to the marriage bed. A perverse giggle erupted from her throat, just in time to tickle the tip of Jogarth's shaft as it reached the back of her mouth. 

The cock pulsed against her fingers as she adopted a tighter squeeze. She began to jerk the base of it, working her fist up and down as her other hand slipped inside his pants again to cup and lift his balls. She rolled the sac across her palm as she pushed all the way down his shaft until her lips kissed the top of the hand jerking his dick. 

A quick glance to her side revealed Markoz already buried in Jogarth's woman to the hilt. His hips were thrusting rapidly as he vigorously buggered the smaller human woman. He looks as eager to get out of this uncomfortable situation as I am. Though he seems to be rather more enjoying himself than I she thought with a grimace. 

Still, hope dawned on the horizon as she felt Jogarth's testicles begin to tense and tighten. Brigitte redoubled her efforts, sucking furiously and noisily as she sought to get Jogarth off. No longer trying to distract herself with her thoughts, she threw everything she had into pleasuring the orc in order to bring him to climax. She pushed her lips further and further down, until the slanted tip of his cock was lodged intoagainst her throat. 

The princess's gag reflex squeezed and tickled the head as she fought off the urge to vomit, trying to keep him in place long enough to draw out his cum. She was rewarded moments later as his shaft began to spurt, coating the back of her mouth with his thick seed. 

Jogarth grabbed the back of her head and pulled her forward, suddenly burying his cock deep in her throat to shoot the rest of his load. "Oh yes! That's it!" He cried out in pleasure as his cum erupted. Her choking gasps milked his cock as he rode out his climax, eventually spilling the rest of his seed into her stomach. 

Beside him, Markox unleashed guttural grunt as his own climax erupted. Slamming his hips forward, he pushed all the way into the woman's backside, making the tight anal walls enclose his cock entirely as he shot his load. His grip on her waist tightened, and he moved her back and forth as a cock sleeve to finish his eruption. "Ah...it's been a pleasure doing business with you, Jogarth. We've got great things ahead of us, you and I. Now we just need to get the conclave underway." 

**** 

Bonfires lit up the horizon long before Drauken heard the din of the encampment. It hadn't taken him long at all to learn where the orc tribes were congregating. The first merchant outpost he reached in the March was bustling with the news that Jogarth had called a conclave on Markoz's behalf. There hadn't been such a conclave since Turrogg tried to unite all the tribes decades ago, and with the war raging in the Western Kingdoms every orc on this side of the Angrian March wanted to know what Markoz intended and how they could profit from it. 

As he got closer to the camp he began to hear the raucous noise of an orc gathering. At first it was just the wild cheering of the crowd. After traveling another hour he began to hear the clash of steel and cries of pain beneath the cheers, and an hour after that he heard cries of pleasure as orcs broke away from the throng to fuck whatever women they could find. 

The Battle for Supremacy isn't over yet, he thought, that's good. I haven't missed anything yet. Jogarth called the conclave, but it was Markoz who would set the agenda. In order to usurp control of the conclave, other tribal leaders would have to challenge and defeat Markoz in combat. If they were successful, they could dictate what the conclave would discuss. If they weren't, then their tribes would be forced to support whatever Markoz had called them there to discuss. 

There were numerous other fights going on at the same time, of course. Whether quarreling over women, ale or a nice sword; or jockeying for a higher position in a tribe; the surplus population of orc males were going to be winnowed that night. Drauken pushed his way through the largest circle of orcs. A pit of fire had been constructed in the middle, and Markoz was strutting around it, whooping and shouting as his most recent challenger was dragged away. 

He reached out to a nearby human slave girl and grabbed a wineskin and took a deep drink. Hopefully that's water, and not wine. When Markoz passed it back to the human, Drauken did a double take. The beautiful slave's skin was still fair, not weather beaten as it got after a few years in the March. It was also soft, and she carried herself tall and proud. Instead of meekly casting her eyes down, she boldly scanned the crowd of orcs, looking to see if anyone else would step forward to challenge Markoz. 

For a moment, their eyes met and he nodded at the Princess. Something flashed in her eye: not recognition, for they had never met, but something similar. A realization of having seen someone or something important. He smiled at her, but before he could make his way over to her a powerful looking orc stepped between them and broke the line of sight. 

He couldn't hear what they were saying, but he saw the orc pull open her vest and grope her tits. When she tried to push his hands away, he grabbed her wrists, and held her arms apart to expose her breasts. A moment later Markoz returned, and with a grin the new orc released Brigitte and stepped into the circle. 
