 She awoke the next morning safe in her bed. Her body was sore and tired, the skin of her buttocks was still inflamed, but she felt wonderful for the movement of the baby inside her swelling belly was what woke her.

"Good morning, Princess Romina," a girl's voice said upon seeing the pregnant woman was awake. 

Romina blinked several times and tried to focus on the maid who was in her apartment. It wasn't unusual for a maid to be there in the morning, but most simply went about their duties and hid from the nobles. This one was obviously waiting for her.

"Morning," Romina mumbled, kicking back the bedclothes and stumbling to her feet. The girl was immediately there to assist her. She was pretty enough, though plain and unremarkable. Her brown hair was tightly bound back into a braid that nearly reached her waist. She wore the typical uniform of the palace maids, but there was something different about her. Maybe it was the way she carried her self or her attitude; it didn't bother Romina. "What are you doing here?" she asked, swaying unsteadily and bleary-eyed. She was nude, as was her usual habit in sleeping; because she spent so much time now unclothed it didn't even occur to her to pretend modesty in front of the maid.

"Queen Sefayia sent me. Members of the Society of the Weeping Rose get their own personal attendants."

"What if I don't want one?" Romina was generally cranky in the morning.

The maid smiled. "That doesn't matter." She pulled up her skirt and pulled down the cotton panties covering her quim. It wasn't a sexual advance, she was displaying an elaborate tattoo of a black rose placed next to the crease of her leg and abdomen, located low enough she was forced to keep all her pubic hair shaven to display the thumb-sized rose. "I'm a member of the society as well. A common member; I serve, I don't participate, but it is still a high honor for one not noble-born. I don't know why the Queen brought you into the society, but I'm honor sworn to defend the society's secrecy. Do you understand me?"

It took Romina a moment, but she understood exactly what the maid was implying. Unfortunate deaths occurred all too frequently among the nobility. "When do I get a tattoo?" she asked.

The maid laughed. "Noble members don't get tattoos, this is only for a commoner." She indicated the elaborate red and black tattoo once more, then pulled her undergarment back into place and dropped her skirt. "You've been given jewelry to mark your membership." She indicated Romina's ankle.

Surprised that she hadn't notice the fine chain adorning her leg previously, she tried to twist her leg and foot around to admire it. It was simple enough to be unremarkable, but elaborate enough to be the decoration of a noblewoman. She could just make out the links weren't simple circles, but instead each link was a rose connected in a series by the stems. "It's pretty. Does every member get one of these?"

The maid started to roll her eyes, but remembered her place and stopped herself. "Of course not. If every member carried the same symbol, the society would be revealed all too easily. But every member has to carry a rose symbol at all times. Mine is obvious. So is yours. I'm sure you'll get more as time goes by. Now, would you like a bath this morning?"

Romina was still admiring the anklet and absently answered, "Yes, that would be lovely."

The maid exited the room and opened the taps of the water for the oversized tub in the adjoined bathroom. She returned with a chamber pot. "Shall I assist you?" the maid asked.

This was unusual for Romina. Although she was noble-born, she wasn't used to a maid taking care of every intimate personal need. "Yes," she agreed and squatted above the porcelain bowl. She let loose a stream of urine that quickly filled the bowl as the maid watched. Romina couldn't tell if the girl was fascinated by Romina's lack of inhibition or was disgusted by it. She was a good servant and gave no outer indication of her opinion either way. 

When Romina was finished emptying her bladder the maid reached between her legs and wiped away the few remaining yellow droplets. Romina's loins tingled with the girl's touch, but gave no indication she wanted to enjoy more pleasure with the girl. Instead she simple stood up and walked to her bath that was almost full. The maid accompanied her and added more oils and scents before Romina could walk down the three steps into the bath she asked, "How do I remove the anklet?"

This question caused the girl to giggle again. "You don't. It stay on until cut off." She then became deadly serious. "You don't cut it off, either. No one leaves the society." The maid then gestured with her hands. "Please enter the water so I can bathe you."

She had been serious about bathing Romina. The princess took a seat that had been carved out of the stone that formed the deep bath while the maid stripped off her uniform and joined her in the water. She wasn't there to frolic or relax; the maid was all business, applying soaps and shampoos to Romina, making sure every bit of her skin was fresh and clean. Whatever oils she had added to the water served to calm Romina's inflamed skin and soon the pain was gone. The maid stood her up when she was done and carefully inspected her handiwork. She clucked her tongue and shook her head. 

"Your bush is too wild. The queen likes everything neat and tidy. I'll have shave you."

"I don't think so," Romina contradicted her. "I'm a woman, not a little girl. I keep my curls." Although the maid had full breasts and curved hips, she fully shaved her pudenda. Romina didn't care if the girl was offended.

"You don't have to be shaved clean, but you need some edging done."

Romina reluctantly acquiesced and nodded once. The maid lead her to the edge of the giant tub and helped her up onto a small reclined shelf. Much like the queen's throne there were footrests secreted in the edge of the tub so that Romina was able to almost fully recline with her knees up and legs splayed with her pudenda just under the water. The warm, moist air in the enclosed bath kept her skin from chilling. 

The maid produced a thick cream and a sharp razor. There were adjustments to the seat built into the pool's side and the maid carefully spun the wheel moving the gears that raised the seat just barely out of the water. She then spread the cream in a neat triangle around Romina's sex and then set to her skin with the razor.

The princess tensed up the entire time the maid was wielding the razor, dragging it across her sensitive pale skin. It was almost impossible for her to watch the maid's skilled fingers as her previously thick and wild bush was pared down to a neat and dignified triangle. From seemingly nowhere the maid produced a mirror so that Romina could look down at her now manicured sex and admire the handiwork. 

"Much prettier, don't you think?" she asked.

Romina carefully inspected her exposed labia. "If you say so; but I prefer the natural look."

The maid used a soft cloth to remove the last bits of hair and cream from Romina's pudenda. Then, almost without the princess noticing, she slipped a pair of her fingers between her nether lips and carefully stroked back a forth a moment. Romina sighed unconsciously. She couldn't control the cravings of her body. "You're wet," the maid pointed out unnecessarily. "A bit sticky too. That shows high desire. Your cunt is red and ready. Would you like some relief?"

This was an offer Romina couldn't refuse. "Yes, please." She settled back into the reclining seat and waited as the maid eased the chair down a bit more into the water, then submerged herself and kissed the princess's freshly shaved pussy. Her tongue quickly found Romina's pleasure bud, already a hard nubbin of desire. It was nice to have a woman's face between her thighs again, even if the woman was just only a commoner. But she was a commoner with an uncommonly talented tongue. Not only did she know exactly how to flick her bud just right to cause a shiver to run from Romina's pussy up her spine and back down, but her tongue could delve deeply into her depths and find the ridge of tissue that caused her to clench her thighs together and wish the tongue away.

There was no reason to delay her orgasm. This wasn't about pleasure-play or pair bonding. It was simply relief from built up tension. Romina brought her hands up to her tits and squeezed her nipples sharply as the maid worked her pleasure bud hard. Her relief flooded through her body with a satisfying shudder.

After a moment's rest she looked down at the girl whose cheek was resting comfortably on her thigh waiting for further commands. "That was very nice." She stopped short of thanking the girl, she was just a commoner after all. A thought occurred to her. "What is your name, anyway, girl."

"Melva," the maid said, a small smile on her face.

And so it went for Romina. She had a maid-girl who served her every need. She was joined in her bed on an almost nightly basis by her husband-to-be Dev when he wasn't out hunting trollops and women of low virtue. On those nights when she was without her betrothed she went to the queen's court where she was a surprisingly popular attraction. She thought that her growing belly would be a deterrent to most of the men wanting to copulate with her. That was far from the truth. Most were more than eager to see to her pleasure, some even went so far as to withdraw from her sex at the time of their climax and spray their seed on the taut skin of her belly. At that point some would simply admire their handiwork, others preferred to rub the sticky white fluid into her skin. Romina enjoyed both actions, though she much preferred it when they would finish inside her, but for some strange reason many of the men didn't want to do that.

Queen Sefaiya was concerned that Romina wanted more and more men to fuck her on the same night. Not that it was unseemly, but because she started to fear for the baby's safety.

"You can't just have a dozen men slam into you every night," Sefaiya patiently explained to her one late afternoon as they shared tea before the evening meal. The queen had taken the habit of inviting several of her favorites for this ritual. Little now was said of Romina's state of dress, or rather undress. She continued to expose as much of her skin as possible, accentuating her growing belly and breasts. Not one of the other two in attendance at the queen's tea, Asmirilda and Amyras, seemed to be the least offended by the very brief outfit Romina wore today. She had sailed into the small tea room wearing a jet-black brassiere pushing up her breasts to their maximum display. Her torso was otherwise completely bare. A pair of pantaloons covered her hips, loins and thighs, with the leggings flaring out to show off her still shapely calves. As usual she went barefoot so that all could see the silver rose anklet that adorned her leg. "It's not good for you or the baby."

"But it feels so good," Romina said while licking honey off one of the tiny pastries that always accompanied the tea. Asmirilda and Amyras giggled at the comment and the way Romina stressed the word good.

Stefaiya's response was a steely-eyed silence. 

"You wouldn't deny a woman her right to satisfy her needs, would you, your majesty?" Asmirilda asked to break the silence.

"No, of course not," she answered. "But there is more to think of rather than just the needs of Romina."

"If I don't get my needs satisfied in your court," Romina said, sounding like a petulant child, "then I have a dildo in my apartments that would shame most horses. It usually serves my needs."

Amyras giggled at the princess's statement. "You don't really mean that," she said.

Romina put her hand on top of Amyras'. "Come to my bed tonight and I'll show you. No, wait, come to my bed tonight and I'll use it on you. You'll love it."

"That would be more acceptable than filling your sex with all manner of dangerous toys and men's cocks," the queen declared. "Amyras , would you be willing to see to Romina's needs until she births her child?"

"I'm sure she will," Romina piped up. She was eager to bed Amyras for the girl was young and beautiful, like so many members of the society, and she seemed reluctant to go to bed with another woman. Romina liked a challenge.

Put on the spot, unable to deflect a direct request from her queen and the eager willingness of Romina—lately the queen's favorite—she simply nodded her head in agreement. Almost too eagerly Romina dropped her hand off Amyras's arm and slipped it between the girl's thighs. Whatever her actions were regarding her reluctance at bedding another woman, Romina could feel the dampness seeping through the girl's tight pantaloons. She could smell Amyras's desire in the air.

Romina smiled at her prey. It would be a lovely evening.