 Chapter 1: Waking from Reality

George lazily opened his eyes to the sight of the ceiling fan in his room spinning slowly overhead. Its hypnotic circles threatened to put him to sleep again. He turned to the alarm clock next to the bed, it read just past 1:00 am. He turned back to the ceiling fan and let out another deep breath as he rubbed his face, immediately grimacing in pain as he remembered his black eye.

He laid there a moment trying to get his bearings. The last thing he remembered was playing on his computer. He looked to his desk and noticed the game was still paused, waiting for him to rejoin. looking down at himself, he noticed he was still in his clothes. He sat up, again rubbing his eyes, and swung his legs to the side of the bed to stand up.

He rose, and was about to head to the bathroom when a quiet voice came from the corner of the room.

"Hello, Master," said the voice.

Startled, George spun around in the direction of the voice. But he slipped on a sheet and tumbled to the ground before he could get a good look. He landed on the floor next to his bed just in front of the small wooden instrument. From the corner of the room came a cute sounding giggle. He felt fully awake now, but still disoriented from his fall. He picked himself up until his head was just above the edge of the bed. Finally, he got a good look at the intruder.

There in the corner stood a vision so breathtaking that George was frozen in place. It was a woman, more beautiful than any woman he could have ever imagined. She was either eighteen or nineteen, no older than George. Her golden brown, honey colored hair hung down to the middle of her back. It was straight for the most part, but seemed to feather out in a few spots. Even in the manufactured light of his room, her hair caught it and shined like a nimbus around her.

A few strands rebelled and hung across her face, which was home to the most enchanting pair of eyes. They were both sweet and exotic, sky blue and soul-stealing. Her full lips formed an amused and happy smile. Everything from her eyebrows, to her ears, down to her chin spoke of innocence and contentment, but also of sensuality and mischief. He gazed at her in bewilderment for a few moments, but she didn't seem to mind at all. She stood in the corner patiently, letting him come to grips with every aspect of her beauty.

George's eyes lowered to her shoulders and arms, followed by her chest and tummy. She was both lithe and curvaceous, impossibly proportioned. Her breasts were large, but her waist was slim, accentuating the flare of her hips. Her skin was only slightly tan and flawless in every way. However, he could see very little of what he wanted to see through the silky, diaphanous dress she wore.

He suddenly realized that he had stared far longer than was appropriate, but she didn't make any protests. She blushed a little, but she seemed to be enjoying his attention. She was like something out of his dreams. He realized that must be what she was, just a dream. 

His wits returned to him and his brain became flooded with questions. Who was she? What was she doing here? How had she gotten in? He meant to verbalize one question but couldn't decide which and so verbalized them all.

"Whahuhwhat?" he said. He realized quickly that he hadn't said anything coherent and started over. She brought her hand to her mouth and giggled another cute giggle. 

"Who are you?" he finally asked.

"I am whoever you wish me to be, Master. I am your personal genie servant, your able and willing companion. I am, from this moment on, yours, to do with as you please," she said, like that was something people said to each other every day.

George was getting concerned that someone was trying to play a prank on him. Or worse, a crazy woman had found her way to his room. "Umm, are you sure?"

She tilted her head a bit and gave him a puzzled look, "Yes of course, Master. You know the song, yes?"

The song. His song. Everything was starting to come back to him. He had played his song on the funny looking guitar before he passed out. "Yeah, I remember that much."

She smiled. Her smile made him want to drop to his knees and worship her. "Then my destiny is set, I am yours." She bowed elegantly, "What do you wish of me, Master?"

For George, the illusion and fantasy were gone. It was clear to George that this woman was pulling his leg. "Okay, who put you up to this?" he said as he looked around for something that looked like a hidden camera. "Was it Rocko? If it was Rocko you can tell him he made his point," he said with no attempt at hiding his agitation. After the day he just had he couldn't believe that someone would go to all that trouble just to make him feel worse.

She got a worried look on her face and said, "I am sorry, Master, but I do not know who this Rocko person is. I assure you this is no trick. It is forbidden for a genie servant to lie to her master, even if the master wished it."

George didn't believe her. No woman would ever just submit to him unless they were being paid, or they were doing someone a favor. He continued to search his room for some kind of hidden camera, but his search came up empty. He looked out his window expecting to find a strange vehicle parked out front, but saw only his car. He left his room and searched the house for someone who would be waiting to catch him in the act of doing something, but the house was just as empty as he had left it.

With his searching in vein, he went back upstairs to his room. The young woman was still there in the corner. She looked nervous and apprehensive, like she had done something wrong. He approached cautiously, stopping a few feet away from her. George noticed that she was as tall as his chin. She looked up at him for a split second, but then lowered her eyes in submission.

"Okay, fine, if you really are my genie, do you grant me wishes or something?"

"Yes, Master," she said.

"So like, if I wish for a million dollars, a big pile of money will appear, just like that?" he asked incredulously.

"No, Master. Forgive me for not explaining. My powers are vast, yes, but are tied specifically to the realm of physical pleasure, sexual desire, and all things to do with love. Any wish you make of this nature I can grant you."

He raised an eyebrow, "Really?"

She looked up into his eyes, and said with more sincerity than he had ever seen, "Yes, Master. For you, I would do anything that would please you. It is my purpose, and I will do it gladly."

Intrigued and aroused, George thought that if this was some sort of dream, he had really outdone himself this time. "Okay, Genie, prove it," he said simply.

"Master?" she tilted her head in slight confusion.

"You heard me, if you are a genie or whatever, prove it. Show me some genie power." His hands made gestures like he was casting a spell.

Without saying a word, she brought a delicate hand up to his black eye. She covered it for a moment and pulled away.

The pain he had felt up until then was suddenly gone, and blinking became effortless again. He slapped his own hand on his eye in astonishment and turned to the mirror over his dresser. His eye looked completely normal like nothing had ever happened. 

"Holy shit," he muttered. He turned back to her, "How did you do that?"

She giggled again, "I used some of my 'genie power', Master." She repeated his hand gestures from before. "That was not a sexual wish, but keeping you healthy is within the scope of my powers."

He was stunned. She couldn't really be a genie, they only existed in mythology. But she had healed him, as easily as she was wiping away an eyelash. There was no mistaking what she had done. As much as he wanted to disbelieve, he couldn't ignore the evidence. But then he remembered, this could still be a dream. He did have an over active imagination. He figured he must have fallen asleep at his desk while fighting genies in his game. But he decided to see where this new dream was going. He thought that It couldn't be any worse than reality.

"Okay, well played genie. So what do we do now?"

She took a step forward and looked up at him with a playful smile. "Anything, Master," she began counting on her fingers, "we can talk, or make love. I could give you massage, or perhaps I could bring you to orgasm with my mouth. You need only wish it, and It will be done."

Feeling uncomfortable and nervous at her proximity and her speech, he could only gulp. "I, uh, I've never... ya know, done... that," he stammered.

She brought her graceful hands up to his thick arms. "I know Master. It is the same with me. I did not exist until you opened my vessel." She took hold of his hands and pulled them around her trim waist, then moved her hands to his shoulders. "But, there is nothing in this world that I would rather do. Fulfilling your every wish is my most heartfelt desire."

She looked deep into his eyes again. Up close, he noticed that hers were not just blue. They had specs of red and gold mixed in, giving them the look of a sunrise, and they glistened with raw emotion.

George's defenses crumbled, he didn't care if she was a prank or a dream. He just wanted her to keep talking, and keep looking at him. She pushed him gently towards the bed until he was forced to sit down, her eyes never left his. "All you have to do, Master, is wish it, and it will be so."

George was suddenly at a loss for what to say, this woman was offering herself to him in whatever manner he wanted, but like a child in a toy store, he couldn't decide what he wanted more. He eventually decided he wanted to go slow, if this was a dream, he didn't want it to end abruptly like all the others. He wanted her for as long as possible. "I wish... to touch you. I want to touch every inch of you."

He felt a strange but pleasant tingling in his mind and she tilted her head slightly, letting her hair cascade down her shoulder. Her eyes bore into him. "It is my wish also, Master," she said lovingly.

Again, she took George's hands in her own. Her touch was so gentle and light, it was almost like she wasn't touching him at all. But George was much too weak to stop her, even if he wanted to. She guided his hands slowly from her waist, upwards along her sides, then up over the swell of her breasts to her collarbone. She then slipped his fingers under a piece of silky fabric and as she continued to guide him, a strip of cloth followed until it was free and floated softly to the floor.

She gave him a small nod and turned around. She lowered herself to his lap and leaned forward to let her hair fall away from her back. George placed his hands on her shoulders tentatively and began to caress and disrobe her. Strip after strip of the silky fabric floated away as more of her supple skin was revealed. He relished every moment, savoring the experience as if he was unwrapping a gift from a long lost friend, like it was the last gift he would ever receive. It dawned on him that he wouldn't need many more gifts after this.

As the strips from the back of her dress were mostly gone, she leaned back against him to let him work on the front. Her hair fell back over his shoulder. As it did, George leaned in and smelled her. Her scent was sweet, like iced tea on a hot summer day. He drank it in. The feeling of her hair draped over him was so intimate, that he would have been content just to hug. But she kept guiding his hands where they needed to go.

The cloth covering her breasts was last to go. As it left her, she brought his hands over them, letting him touch her to his heart's content. He massaged her breasts lightly at first but increased in intensity as his lust overpowered his fear. She moaned loudly as he grazed her nipples. He realized she was quivering slightly as well. Her breathing became heavy. Her chest heaved in his warm hands. A trickle of perspiration wound its way down through her cleavage.

She began to grind against him, working his cock with her firm behind. He could feel a dampness from between her legs begin to soak through his shorts. Leaving one hand to her breasts, he dropped his other hand down underneath the lower portions of her dress. His fingers reached the small patch of pubic hair and she began to breathe even more heavily, letting out little moans in the process. 

He dipped lower, and his fingertips reached the upper folds of her pussy. She called out to him, "Oh, Master, please touch me." He found her clit and brushed it lightly. She let out small moans of pleasure in a steady progression of intensity. She was getting even more wet as she ground into him hard. He rubbed her clit delicately at first, but it became clear from her constant moaning that she needed more.

She turned to him and again looked to his eyes. "Are you sure you've never done this before, Master?" she said out of breath.

"Only in my dreams," he said. It was the truth, he had dreamed about an encounter like it before, but it had always ended before anything interesting happened.

"Mmm," she purred, "I think my Master has a pretty vivid imagination." She stood up for a moment and repositioned herself so that she was straddling his lap with her knees on the bed. Their eyes locked again. "I am glad," she said, "I hope to make all your dreams come true, Master." She smiled a wicked smile, "But first, Master, I must finish granting you your wish. I believe you have touched less then half of my inches."

He couldn't hold back his nervous laughter. He brought his hands to her waist again and found that he really enjoyed that area of her body. His hands were large enough to reach a good ways around her. It made him feel powerful and manly to grasp her tight. But he did not linger there for long. He brought his shaking hands down to her still fully clothed hips and began to slowly pull away the remaining strips of fabric.

She rested her hands on his shoulders pushing her large orbs together, giving him an amazing view. They stuck out proudly without a hint of sag and were capped with two delicious looking nipples. A strip of the silky fabric came free and George had a great idea. Instead of letting it fall like the others, he slid it up her front and dragged it along her breast, grazing her nipples. He did the same to her other breast and her eyes fluttered.

George couldn't resist any longer and leaned forward to take one into his mouth. She cooed softly as he licked and slurped at her breast. George forgot about disrobing her. Instead, he moved his hands to her back to draw her in more tightly. She ran her fingers through his hair and pushed his face even further into her cleavage. "Oh Master," she breathed as she bit her lip.

He couldn't believe how sensitive she was. Everything he did seemed to make her shiver and moan. He had no experience or lessons in lovemaking. He operated purely on instinct with her sweet voice guiding his tongue. He began to lose himself to lust as he went back to the last of her clothing. His head still clasped to her bosom, he pulled the rest of the silky strands away roughly, letting them joined the rest of her dress on the bedroom floor.

She was moaning loudly, almost screaming, as he licked and sucked and fondled her. "Oh, Master I, how are you doing tha... mmph," her voice was cut off by one of George's fingers. He had reached up to touch her face, but her lips wrapped around him almost immediately. She sucked on it greedily. He imagined it was his cock, which made his real cock twitch. She must have felt it, because she disengaged from his finger and looked at him wide-eyed. "Master, are you hiding something from me?" she asked playfully.

He couldn't help but laugh, "You're my genie, can't you tell?"

"No Master. I was made to respect my master's privacy. I only know what I need to know as it pertains to your wishes." She looked down to the outline of his throbbing cock and then looked back up at him suddenly with a twinkle in her eye, "But I know how I can find out." She reached down and began to rub his erection with her skilled hands. She traced his length and gasped, "Master! You are so big!"

George suddenly felt very self-conscious. Was she really touching him? He silently prayed that this wasn't a dream. He also prayed that he wouldn't cum too soon. He was starting to panic a little.

But the young genie must have noticed. She stopped rubbing him and stood up, giving him an unobstructed view of her flawless form. Aside from a flush in her cheeks she appeared to be quite comfortable. George, on the other hand, was sweating and slightly out of breath. 

She ran her fingertips all over the curves of her body. It was as if she were exploring herself for the first time. George followed them with is eyes, marveling at her perfection. Her hands dropped down past her stomach, and George got his first glimpse of her pussy. Though he had seen a few on the Internet, he was a bit intimidated to see one so close. 

He hadn't been saving himself for any particular reason, other than the fact that no woman had wanted to get this close to him. He desperately wanted his first time to be with this beautiful creature. "Lay down on the bed," he said softly.

She complied immediately. She crawled onto the bed next to him, bending slowly and seductively as she did so. Every move she made seemed intended to turn him on, and she was succeeding brilliantly. She turned over so that she was face up on the bed, and rested her head on his pillow.

George was in awe of her every move, but noticed that she seemed out of place in his messy room. He suddenly felt even more embarrassed. But then he had an idea that could further prove her powers as a genie. "Genie, can you make this place fit the mood a bit better."

"Certainly Master, that fits inside the realm of my abilities. How would you like it to look?"

He thought for a second, but being a guy, he had never really given much thought to interior decoration. He decided that if anyone knew what would fit the mood best, she would. "I'm not really sure. Um... why don't you make it as romantic for us as possible."

She looked at him lovingly, "Thank you Master. I hope you like it." 

He felt a pleasant tingling in his mind again, and the room was transformed in a blink of an eye. It looked much like his old room, but everything was tweaked to look warm and inviting. All of his old furniture was replaced with exquisite pieces one might find in a museum, or a castle. Instead of a floor lamp, the room was lit with candles strategically placed to bathe everything in a pleasant glow. The glow mixed with the moonlight pouring in from the now massive window, giving everything a blue/orange sheen. All the clothes and baubles that had previously covered the floor were clean and in their proper places. His bed now dominated the room. It was huge and covered in the finest satin sheets along with the soft white fur of an animal that George could not place. But by far its best feature was the naked beauty, waiting for him to join her.

George was dumbstruck by the magnitude of the transformation. He had so many questions about her and her abilities. But he was still positively certain that he was dreaming. He didn't want to do anything that might dispel the illusion.

"What do you think, Master?" she asked sweetly.

"That's incredible," he said as he glanced around the room. When his eye's caught her body, he couldn't help himself, "You're incredible."

She blushed. Her whole body seemed to glow in the candlelight. "Thank you very much, Master." George could see a great deal of emotion welled up in her beautiful face. "Master, won't you come lay with me?"

He climbed onto the bed until he was right over top of her, being careful to keep his weight off her. He looked into her eyes again and realized that as beautiful as her body was, it was nothing compared to way she looked at him. She was so happy, so complete. It was as if she had been created just for him. He loved the feeling so much that he lingered there for a few long moments.
