 The next morning Jeanette was sorer than she would have thought possible. Using her royal prerogative, she dismissed kitty, her chambermaid, and decided to lie in bed, stating she was ill. Besides, after such a climactic night, where she not only lost her virginity, but with multiple men, she needed some time to herself to think and reflect. As she relived the previous night in her mind, she was tempted to begin masturbating, though one brush between her legs convinced her that was a bad idea.

Someone began knocking on the door, and after Jeanette bid the person to enter, the door opened. "Your Highness, I heard you were not feeling well, is there anything I can do?" A young, pretty woman swept into the room with a warm smile on her face.

"Susannah! How good to see you, do come in..." Jeanette smiled welcomingly as Lady Susannah Welton entered her bed chamber. The princess sat up against the headboard of the bed and patted the mattress to encourage Susannah to sit down. "I'm feeling just a little under the weather, but it is nothing to be concerned about."

"Then I suppose congratulations are in order?" Jeanette started, surprised and worried that Susannah somehow knew she had lost her virginity. "You're getting married!" Jeanette exhaled in relief that her secret had not been found out, though Susannah interpreted it as being unhappy with the arrangement. "I know the Duke of Braden is not what you wanted, but won't it be nice to be married at least? And he's certainly a respectable enough gentleman, with bountiful lands and influence in Heste."

"I know, I know...but look at him Susannah! And the stories they tell about him..." Jeanette shuddered again, pulling a face which caused Susannah to lead in and give the princess a hug. "Well at least you can look on the bright side...if even half the stories are true he should be quite the skilled lover for you!" Susannah giggled playfully, and even Jeanette managed a smile. 

"Susannah! You minx! Where did you learn to start thinking like that?" Jeanette smiled a little wider, thinking about how at this rate she would be the more skilled lover.

"Oh come now Jeanette, don't tell me you don't think about it too! I bet you can't wait to find out what it feels like to make love!" 

Jeanette smiled nervously, since she really couldn't, and didn't wait. "I suppose you're right, I have been a bit curious..." 

"And you better tell me all the naughty details too once it happens! At this rate it will be some time before my parents get around to marrying me off and I'll need all the preparation I can get!" Susannah smiled at her friend.

"All the naughty details, hmm? My oh my Susannah, you're getting a bold aren't you?" Jeanette smirked a bit. "Are you sure there isn't some handsome stable boy you've been thinking of exploring some of these naughty things with that have got you so interested all of a sudden?" Jeanette couldn't help but think of the naughty details she could tell the other woman.

Susannah blushed slightly, but shook her head. "No, no one in particular...just...curious." She smiles shyly at Jeanette, and the girls burst into another fit of giggles. In order to change the subject, the blushing Susannah continued, "Oh! You'll never guess what! Orcs have been spotted in Shropfordshire!"

"Orcs? Really? Whatever are they doing there? I haven't heard anything about orcs entering Zentara...did they cause any trouble?" Jeanette leaned towards Susannah, looking a little worried. Orcs caused great trouble for Thesta and Sandora, but normally left Zentara alone. The princess hoped that they were not going to start now. 

"Oh no, they didn't cause any trouble...they just sort of hung around the town and talked to people...paid handsomely for room and board and everything they bought. I had no notion that they were so rich!"

"Well, it's probably plunder from Thesta or Sandora...I guess I never really thought about where they would spend it before, but I suppose they have to sell or trade it somewhere."

"My father said he thought they normally trade it on the other side of the Angrian March...but perhaps they're looking for a closer place to begin trading with. Still, it's a little exciting isn't it? Orcs! I've never seen one...father wouldn't let me leave the estate when they were in Shropfordshire. To think that there is a whole different race from humans...well, there are elves too I suppose, but they are similar enough."

Jeanette smiled at how excited Susannah was. "There're not all that different...they still have one head, two arms and two legs. But they're supposed to be savage creatures...always raiding and looting and pillaging...don't get too excited my dear. They're not to be trusted."

"I know I know, I've heard that too...but the ones in Shropfordshire were supposedly very nice. Maybe the stories we've heard are just stories? After all, it's not like humans don't raid, loot, and pillage as well. Maybe there's a whole culture to them!"

"And you're going to be the one who discovers it? Are you going to invite them to stay with you at your estate?" Jeanette giggle playfully, and Susannah flushed. 

"Well of course not...I mean, they are supposed to be scary looking, being so large and having tusks. I think I should like to at least see one though, don't you think?"

"Well if they do begin coming into Zentara to trade I'm sure you'll get your chance. But I wouldn't hold my breath, I doubt my father would allow it...it would run the risk of alienating Thesta and Sandora and he won't do that."

"I suppose you're right. Maybe I'll get a chance to see them before the king says 'no' though?" Susannah smiled again. "Oh dear, I should let you get back to rest, and I need to go and see father. I hope you feel better Your Highness!"

"I'm sure I will, do take care Susannah! Watch out for orcs!" Jeanette smiled as her friend left, settling back into her bed. Susannah was a good friend, if a little naïve sometimes. "I suppose I was too, though, before..."

Jeanette was not able to maintain her resolve to stay away from The Soiled Dove. The princess lasted a whole week before she gave in to the temptation. Jeanette thought she had awoken as a woman years earlier, but that was nothing compared to the real thing. Jeanette could no longer be truly satisfied with just her fingers. She needed the real thing, and craved the extra thrill and excitement of playing the part of a doxy in a brothel.

When Jeanette returned to The Soiled Dove the following week she immediately made her way back to the Madame. The Madame gave her a knowing smile as Jeanette pulled back the cowl of her cloak and revealed herself. "Back again are you? Couldn't stay away?"

"I've rethought your offer to work here regulary, Madame...well, at least, semi regularly...maybe a few days a week?" Jeanette looked up at the Madame hopefully, heart pounding in her chest. "I suppose I might be able to make that work...you get half a bit per customer...the harder you work, the more you get. Do you agree?"

Jeanette nodded eagerly, not concerned with the amount of money she would make. "Yes, yes that sounds very fair...thank you. May I start tonight?"

The Madame laughed at Jeanette's eagerness. "Sure thing dearie, let me hook you up with Cindy. She will show you the ropes while you get settled in." The Madame brought Jeanette over to a lovely woman who was walking the stage. The woman, though young, was older than Jeanette and had the look of someone who had been working in the business for a while. "Cindy, this little sweetie is going to be working with us a few nights a week from now on. Take her under your wing and show her what's what, alright?" 

Cindy smiled and nodded at the Madame. "Sure thing boss, I'll take good care of her." Cindy turned towards Jeanette as the Madame went back to her post by the stairs. "So what's your name hon?" 

Jeanette paused for a moment, the question catching her off guard, before she finally just blurted out the truth. "Jeanette."

"Oh! Like the princess! How nice...it's a lovely name."

Jeanette blushed a little at the remark. "Yes that's right...and you're Cindy, right?" 

Cindy nodded and looped her arm through Jeanette's. "Mmhmm...now, let me give you a brief tour of the place. There's a bar up front there where the men typically start out. Then they come on over to the stage where they decide what girl they want to pick. It's your job to make them want to pick you. Do what you have to...play the innocent maiden, shake your tits, flash your cooch, whatever it takes. Here is some free advice though: make eye contact with the crowd, make each man out there think you're doing it for him personally. Try to relax and have a good time, if it seems like you're having fun, it'll be more natural and they're more likely to think you're into it and want them back. That'll always get their attention! With a bit of luck you'll build up your own following of regulars before too long. If you keep them coming back it will make things much easier for you."

Jeanette nodded rapidly as she listened to the older girl. "Alright...I think I can do all that. Do...do you have a regular clientele?" 

Cindy looked at Jeanette with a hint of bemusement. "Yes I surely do, I don't see them all every night of course...not enough time in the night for it, not if what you're gonna do beneath the covers is gonna keep them coming back. But I've been working for the Madame here about two years now and I've started making more than a few bits. Plus the men will leave tips or give presents if you treat them sweet enough. I figure a couple more years here and I'll be able to go respectable, long as I keep saving up my marks."

Jeanette smiled at the more experienced girl. "It sounds as if you have quite the plan put together. How did you get into this line of work?" 

Cindy laughed a bit at Jeanette's question. "Never heard it asked so sweetly before...but I got into it after my folks passed from the Sweltering Fever...I couldn't keep the farm going by myself, and didn't feel like getting shackled to a man only after my farm, so I sold it to an uncle and became a city girl. Now, that's enough chatter, can't make money when you're jabbering. We need to get you up on stage there and taking customers. But first we need to get you out of those digs, Jeanette. The serving girl look isn't going to cut it with this crowd."

Jeanette looked concerned and a little confused. "What do you mean? I don't have anything besides this to wear..."

"Well, just look around you! None of these other girls are as covered as you on in that dress. I admit it does a good job of showing off the tits, but we need a little bit more. Come on back to the pantry right quick and I'll show you what I mean." Cindy grinned and looped her arm around Jeanette's and pulled her into a nearby pantry.

Jeanette looked around the small closet pantry, examining the good and sundries inside. "I don't see how this is going to help..."

Cindy chuckled and grabbed a pair of scissors. "No this is perfect, here watch..." Cindy began snipping away at the stitching of the of the thin cloth cincher that tied in the front of the servant's dress and squeezed and lifted her breasts up. Once it was removed, Cindy cut away the fabric of the dress from the waist up.

"Hey! I need this dress intact..." Jeanette's protested quietly, half-heartedly as she didn't really need the dress. Instead, she watched in rapture as the garment was cut and her generous bust spilled free. It wasn't long however, before Cindy wrapped the thin cincher over Jeanette's bare skin, once more squeezing her waist and barely covering her breasts. As Jeanette looked down, the fabric of the cincher only just barely covered her nipple, and much of the sides and all of the top of her breasts were left exposed, as well as her slit down to her navel.

"There, this is perfect...well, almost perfect. One more thing to be done!" Cindy knelt down and cut into the skirt of the dress a few inches above the knee. She then began cutting around Jeanette, leaving a jagged hemline above the knee and exposing Jeanette's calves. "There! Done! Now let's get you up on stage and see what you can do! Remember, eye contact!"

Jeanette exited the pantry and walked back to the stage. When she stepped up onto it, the skirt of the now much shorter dress fell back to expose her thigh, much to the delight of the crowd. Jeanette smiled at the other girls up on stage and walked to the front, hands on her hips, back straight as she thrust her barely covered breasts out at the crowd. With a heated smile on her face, she looked out at the patrons of the brothel, scanning the crowd, looking each man in the eye as she turned slightly in both directions, putting her breasts in profile, and exposing her inner thighs as she lifted her skirt slightly.

The mean cheered and clapped, whistling and catcalling as Jeanette strutted on the stage. She noticed one man, sitting near the front shifting about uncomfortable in his seat, his eyes devouring her. The bearded man had his hand was beneath the table, adjusting his pants around a no doubt throbbing erection. Jeanette grinned a little wider, reveling in the affect she had on this man. She lifted her arm, pointing straight at him, and then curled her finger to beckon him towards the stage.

The man's eyes widened in surprise, and he rose up from the table. The men around him clapped him on the shoulders and pushed him forward to the stage. Jeanette hopped down into his arms, her tits pressing into his chest. He then wrapped his arm around her, and led her up the stairs, paying the Madame on his way.

Jeanette began spending several nights a week in the brothel, finding newer and dirtier ways of pleasuring men. She learned to please men with her mouth, with her tits, even with her ass. Each new depredation brought her greater and greater pleasure. The only drawback, besides the late nights and ultimately sore pussy, was the horrid tea she had to drink at the end of each night to prevent any pregnancy. Not that Jeanette let them cum inside her after the first night, that was too hard to clean between customers, but the Madame did not want her girls taking any chances, and neither did Jeanette.

Most of these activities were within her comfort zone, though Jeanette did learn that there were more services provided at The Soiled Dove than she could have imagined before first working there. One night, Cindy came to her and said, "Jeanette, I need your help with a client...he has special needs. But he is a big spender, and always gives a little extra on the side. You'll do great with him!"

Intrigued, Jeanette followed Cindy upstairs to one of the rooms. Inside, an older man waited. He was better dressed than the usual customers, probably a merchant of some sort, though not one that Jeanette recognized, thankfully.

"Mr. Beechum, this is my good friend Jeanette. Jeanette, this is Mr. Beechum, my best and most valued client." Cindy smiled as she introduced the two, looking back and forth between them. Beechum leered and Jeanette, walking towards her. "Jeanette, just like the princess. As beautiful as her too..." Beechum reached out to stroke Jeanette's cheek and chin, then let his hand fall to her bosom and gave it a squeeze. "Does she know what I like?"

Jeanette smiled, but otherwise remained impassive as she was inspected. Cindy chimed in, "Not yet Mr. Beechum, but she's a right clever girl and I know she'll catch on quick. Now, let's get started...come on then, Mr. Beechum, show Jeanette here what we have to work with."

Beechum untied his pants, and quickly pushed them down past his knees. As he stood up again, Jeanette couldn't help but giggle at what she saw. In the past weeks she'd been working at the brothel, she had seen many different penises, but she had never seen one as small as this. It was a mere two inches at best, barely extending out from the tuft of hair between his legs. Jeanette tried to hide the fact that she had laughed at him, as that was something which was stressed to her never to do. Beechum saw it, however, and rather than getting mad, his cock gave a little twitch.

Cindy smirked and looked from the tiny cock to Jeanette. "It's not much, is it? It's insulting the way he walks in here with that tiny little dick and expects any woman, even a whore to take it between her legs." Jeanette looked at Cindy in surprise for so boldly insulting a client, but the other girl just looked back expectantly.

Catching on, Jeanette looked back towards Beechum. "Calling it a dick is kind of you Cindy, for it's hardly that at all. It's more of a dicklette, really, or a clit." Beechum groaned softly at the words, reaching down to start stroking the small penis with two fingers. "Are you trying to get it hard for us? Go on then, stroke it...show us what you have and let me see how big you can get it."

Jeanette and Cindy laughed at the older man as he rubbed his little cock. "Don't get your hopes up Jeanette, it's not much to see when it's hard either. Most men are bigger than he is when they're soft! But Mr. Beechum likes to put on his little show and we always give the customer what he wants."

It was hard to tell, but Jeanette did seem to think that Beechum's cock was growing. It could not have been much, maybe another inch or so, and even then it was not fully hard, remaining flaccid and only partially erect. "How does he intend to fuck us with that thing? Tell me I'm not going to have to touch it, I think I'd die!" 

Jeanette giggled again as Cindy looked over. "Oh don't you worry my dear, he wouldn't dare think of making us touch that little thing. He knows that's not going to happen, in fact, he knows that even bringing that tiny little dick in here gets him punished..."

"Punished?" Jeanette looked over at Cindy again as Beechum groaned, beating his meat faster now with this thumb and forefinger. "Yes that's right...Mr. Beechum gets his bum paddled for coming in here with such a small cock and insulting us by making us watch him play with it. Isn't that right, Mr. Beechum?"

"Ung...oh yes Cindy...I deserve it..." Jeanette giggled at the display. This was something totally new for her, and she had no notion that a man would want to be humiliated in this fashion. Cindy opened an armoire and pulled out a long, wooden panel and swatted it at Beechum's hand. "Stop all that stroking! You don't want to cum too early do you? It's bad enough you have such a small cock, but you don't want to be an early cummer as well right?

"No Cindy..." Beechum removed his hand from his little cock, letting it bob and twitch. He then turned around and bent forward, placing his palms on the wall with his backside toward Cindy and Jeanette. Cindy winked at Jeanette, then gripped the paddle with both hands and swung it forward, smacking him firmly in the backside. Jeanette watched wide eyed as a large red welt formed on Beechum's backside. Beechum grunted as the paddle collided with his butt, arching his back to stick it out further at the women. Cindy struck him again, and then again.

"This is what you get Mr. Beechum for coming here and exposing that pathetic little dick to us. Doesn't he deserve this Jeanette?" 

Jeanette broke her eyes away from Beechum to glance at Cindy, and then reached to take the paddle from the other woman. "That's quite right, Cindy. Mr. Beechum is clearly not a real man, and shouldn't be coming here to waste our time." Jeanette swung the paddle again, striking it across both cheeks to hit them evenly. She then began switching back and forth to each cheek, turning his bottom red.

"Ah! Oh...thank you Jeanette! Mmm! Thank you for punishing me!" Beechum shook his hips back and forth at Jeanette, urging her to continue hitting him. "How did you even get such a small cock, Mr. Beechum? Did your father have a small dick? Did he have to breed with a dwarf? Or did yours stop growing at the age of three?"
