 Three months after her first night in the brothel, Jeanette was summoned again to the royal apartments. Jeanette did not want to have to deal with her parents at the moment. It had been an unusually long five nights since her last visit to The Soiled Dove, and she was getting increasingly randy. Jeanette did not think she would be able to focus on the long, rambling political discourses her father tried to use to impress on her the importance of the marriage.

Jeanette was announced at her parents' door and entered their receiving chamber. Seated with King Rolf and Queen Amarice were Sir Drake and, Jeanette noted with sudden revulsion, the Duke of Braden. "Surprise my dear! Look who is here to see his fiancée!" Her mother glowed with happiness as the Duke rose to greet the princess. "Your Highness, it is my deepest pleasure to once again be in your presence." As the Duke bowed, Jeanette noticed him leering unabashedly at her chest. Somehow she didn't think just being in her presence would be the Duke's deepest pleasure. "Your Grace, what an unexpected surprise. I had no notion that you would be visiting Ruar. Is your stay going to be a long one?"

"Please please, I think you may call each other by your given names. You're to be married, after all!" Rolf smiled congenially as he rose, touching Jeanette on the shoulder to guide her towards an embrace with the Duke. Masking her revulsion, Jeanette leaned in to gently kiss the Duke of Braden on each cheek. The fat, sagging jowls were marred with pock marks, and the skin tasted oily on her lips. The Duke returned the kiss, though he added just the briefest flick of his tongue along her cheeks, sending a shiver down her spine.

"The Duke and I were just discussing recent developments in Thesta and Sandora. Orc incursions are increasing dramatically in both Kingdoms, though no one seems to know why. Tens of thousands of orcs have been spotted, and much of their eastern borders are in flames." The king looked troubled by the news. Thesta and Sandora were big trading partners with Zentara, buying much of the goods Zentara imported from the Elven Isles to the south. If the Thestans and Sandorans were fighting off a major Orcish invasion, then they wouldn't have the money to buy Elven goods and revenue in Zentara would decrease.

"Yes, it is quite worrysome...the Thestan and Sandoran militaries are stretched to the limit holding back the Orcish tide..." The Duke gave Jeanette a knowing look. Zentara could usually count on Thestan and Sandoran aid against Heste, in order to maintain the balance of power and prevent a disruption in their trade network. If they were tied down against the orcs, however, Zentara would have to face Heste on it's own, a fact that was not lost on the Duke. "Which is why our marriage is more important than ever, isn't it? If the orc tribes turn south, they might start raiding Zentaran territory. Of course, if that does happen, Heste will be happy to aid our allies to the south. I can't let my wife's kingdom be overrun by nasty orcs now can I?"

Jeanette fumed at the Duke's pretension. The princess knew what the Duke was really trying to say was that without Thestan and Sandoran help, Zentara would not be able to stop a Hestan invasion. Another wall was being built around her, trapping her into the marriage with this loathsome man. "I have no doubt that your brother's forces would be of great assistance to our own in turning back the orc hordes, Your Grace."

"Please, call me Gilbert, Jeanette, I do want us to be ever so close." The Duke of Braden grinned at her again, eyes flashing lustily. "May I say, dear Jeanette, I've always found the women of Zentara to be of exceeding beauty. I once had a Zentaran mistress with the loveliest black hair and the fairest skin I'd ever seen. She taught me things...Excuse me, I shouldn't be speaking of such before a maid, but seeing you, your own beauty outshines her completely. I suppose it's lucky that I'm to have an even more beautiful Zentaran mistress for a wife eh?" The Duke laughed, and Jeanette shifted uncomfortably. Somehow she didn't think it was entirely a joke, even if her parents laughed along it the Duke. As a servant girl approached to refill the Duke's wine glass, he reached out to give the girl a lingering stroke on the cheek that made Jeanette's skin crawl. "Even your commoners have that fair, porcelain look about them. It's enough to make a man's...hair stand on end." The Duke turned back to Jeanette with a lusty, meaningful grin.

"Excuse me Your Grace, I do believe it is time for me to continue my lessons. With Your Highness' permission of course." Jeanette turned and curtsied to her father. "Of course my dear, I know how excited you are to learn all you need to know for this marriage to be a success. You may go." 

"Thank you Your Highness...Mother. Until we meet again, Your Grace." Curtsying again, Jeanette withdrew from the room and made her way back to her room fuming. It was bad enough for the Duke to look at her in such a manner, but to importune the servants in front of her. She would not be able to stand being married to him, not with the threat of a Hestan invasion hanging over the marriage.

Jeanette was intent on making it to the brothel that night to get back at her parents and the Duke. Though truth be told, that wasn't the only reason. She wanted it. Needed it. When darkness fell, Jeanette began her familiar routine of donning the servant's dress and sneaking out of the castle. Jeanette had to be careful as she crept through the halls. The stone floors could carry her footsteps far at this time of night, and if anyone happened to be awake, he would have to be suspicious that someone was wandering the corridors so close to the royal apartments so late at night. 

A hint of shame spread through her as she passed by the gaze of the paintings of her ancestors on either side of the hall. She felt like they were alive, like they knew where she was going and what she was doing. As she approached the turn leading to the kitchen, Jeanette pressed tightly against the wall and listened. She thought she heard someone, but not the sound of footsteps. Jeanette peered around the corner, and saw nothing, so she continued her journey out of the castle.

As she made her way through the kitchen though, she heard another sound. Peering around another corner into the back of the kitchen, Jeanette saw the corpulent body of the Duke pressed up against a servant girl, whose dress had been gathered up above her waist. The Duke thrust into the poor servant girl, who stood deathly still, not daring to cry out or protest the treatment.

Jeanette was furious that the Duke would violate a servant in her own castle, but wasn't sure what she should do. If she made a scene, she would have to explain why she was creeping about the kitchen in a servant's dress in the middle of the night. Even worse, she didn't think her father would be overly concerned that the Duke wanted to have his way with a servant. Thinking there was nothing she could do; she snuck past the pair and exited the castle, making her way back to The Soiled Dove.

In the brothel, Jeanette put on one of the undergarments she had been wearing recently while working. Sliding white stockings up her legs to her upper thigh, they tied to a white garter belt around her waist to hold them in place. She then donned a white chemise, pulling it down so the garment hugged her bust and extended to just past her ass. Walking out to the stage, she began mingling with the other girls, confident that she would give the men the time of their life tonight.

Looking out towards the assembled customers, she noted that there was a particularly large crowd tonight. Most of the men seemed to be crowded onto the left side of the room however, and then she realized it was because a party of orcs had taken over the right side of the room. Jeanette had been seeing more and more of them recently, though she wasn't sure why they came. None of the girls would sleep with them, so they mostly just sat around, drank ale and watched the girls. The Madame had tried to entice her girls to spend some time with them for more money, but none had taken her up on it. Beyond the fact that they looked so hideous, the girls knew that the one who slept with an orc would never get another human to sleep with her again. She might get more money in the short term, but in the long run it wouldn't pay off.

Jeanette looked closer at the large orc sitting closest to the stage. He was a massive, brutish looking man, with a large scar running down his right cheek. Like all orcs, his skin way grey, and his body bulky and muscular. Two large tusks jutted up from his jaw, and his nose was porcine and upturned. Thick, coarse black hair cascaded off his head, and as she looked at him he turned toward her, his red eyes meeting her blue ones. "I'd fuck him before I fucked the Duke" She thought to herself. Looking down at the orc she realized she really would rather fuck him than the Duke. At least the orc was strong, muscular, and fit. Before she knew what she was doing she had stepped off the stage and approached the orc.

"Hey there...Would you like to go upstairs?" She reached out to touch the firm bicep, running her hand up along the orc's arm. The orc looked up at her in surprise, as obviously no human woman had offered herself to him before. Her heart raced as the orc looked up at her, an awkward pause as he decided how to respond. The reality of what she was doing started to set in as she had time to think about it. She was about to become an orc whore. The other men, what she had been doing, her routine would be gone. If she went through with this, she'd only be fucking orcs here from now on. She could feel all the eyes in the room on her, and the normally raucous brothel became silent. From the corner, the Madame stared at her intently, waiting to see how this played out.

The scarred orc finally broke the silence. "How much?" 

"One gold mark." A whole gold mark was four times what a man would normally pay. It was half of what a day laborer could expect for a single day's work. The orc didn't seem surprised at the high price however, and just grinned, flashing his pointed white teeth. Rising from the chair, he took Jeanette by the arm and led her to the stairs, dropping a gold mark in the Madame's hand before leading the princess to the upper floor.

Conversation exploded in the brothel as Jeanette made her way upstairs with the orc. The grip on her arm tightened, as if the orc expected her to start running. Jeanette did not even consider that, though. Her pussy was already moistening at the thought of what she was about to do. At the top of the stairs she guided the orc to the left, bringing him to her customary room.

"What will it be tonight? How may I pleasure you, sir orc?" The orc looked at her with a leering grin, his hand running from Jeanette's arm to her breast, giving it a rough squeeze. 

"For a whole gold mark I want full service, girl." The orc's voice was deep, with a hint of anxiousness and excitement at the prospect of fucking a human woman. The orc's large hand continued to squeeze and rub the princess' tit, until the nipple strained outward against the cloth of her slip. The orc's other hand moved to open his trousers, fishing out his large cock, which he rubbed against Jeanette's stocking clad thigh.

"Start by sucking it." The orc tugged down on Jeanette's breast, making her fall down to her knees. She gasped as she saw the orc's erect cock. It was much bigger than a human's, maybe a third or half again as long, and twice as thick. The grey skinned member throbbed before her, looking strange and alien, but also virile, sexy, masculine. Her hand reached up to grip the base, and as her soft fingers squeezed the flesh the orc gave a soft grunt. Jeanette's fingers traced the bulbous protrusions on the cock, following the ridges to the slanted tip.

"Like it, do you human? Better get used to it...you're not going to get anything else from now on." The orc began to laugh as he shook his hips, making the cock slap and rub against Jeanette's face. "But it won't matter, since after tonight you're not going to want anything else! Now stop staring at it slut and start sucking!"

The orc bucked his hips again, making the cock rub against the princess' lips. Jeanette opened her mouth for the cock, wrapping her lips around the slanted tip. A shiver went through her as she tasted the orc meat, eyes glancing up at the muscular body and tusked face towering above her. She began to stroke the cock, running her hand up and down over the length of it as she suckled on the tip, taking the head of it entirely in her mouth.

The orc groaned again in satisfaction as Jeanette began to suck, reaching down to run his fingers through the raven hair, petting the little human and pulling her against his cock. He fed more of his meat into Jeanette's mouth, giving her a few more inches to suck.

Jeanette's head pounded as the cock slid deeper between her lips. She was actually sucking an orc's penis! The strong pheromones surrounding his cock intoxicated her as she was forced to inhale the scent directly from his crotch. She began to bob up and down, working her lips around the bulbous cock as she jerked off the base. The wet sounds of her sucking filled the room as she slurped around it, her tongue pushing up against the underside, stroking the skin there then swiped from side to side.

"Oh that's a good girl, that's a good lil' human girl..." The orc moaned a little louder as he started to buck his hips into Jeanette's mouth, pushing his cock deeper into the hot, waiting mouth. Soon his long, thick member was battering at the back of the princess' throat, making her choke and gag as she struggled to accommodate the fat shaft. "Take it...take it all slut..."

Jeanette choked and spluttered, but the spasms of her gag reflex only squeezed the slanted tip of the cock and massaged the hard meat with her wet throat. As she struggled with the orc cock, he became more insistent with her, bucking harder and faster until finally his throbbing shaft slammed past her gag reflex and made her throat swell with the bulbous intrusion. His pelvis rocked against her lips, making them swell as he pounded into her mouth again and again, making her choke for breath as the orc held her head in place.

After what seemed an eternity of throat fucking, he finally pulled his cock free. Jeanette gasped and wheezed for breath as she struggled to recover from the deep throat. "Kneel up straight bitch, you're not done yet, not by a long shot!" The orc pulled up on Jeanette's hair, forcing her higher up on her knees. He grasped the base of his cock and began rubbing the tip against her swollen lips. "Suck it again, just the head this time, and work those fat tits around the shaft."

Jeanette followed the orc's commands and slipped the shoulder straps her dress off, freeing her pale breasts. She then lifted her tits up to meet his cock. Wrapping it up in her cleavage, she began to jerk him with her tits as she started suckling the tip once more. The princess' heart raced as she panted around the meat, still trying to catch her breath. Jeanette looked up at the orc again, following the line of the scar from his face, then up to his eyes, meeting them again as she rolled her face into the tip of the member.

The princess quivered as her fingers pressed into her hard nipples, squeezing the sensitive nubs as she worked them up and down, stroking the cock with her soft tit flesh while she lapped and licked at the head. "Oh that's good whore...you're an excellent cock sucker...I can tell you've done this before, but probably never one so big eh? You like it though don't you slut? You like sucking massive orc cock?"

Jeanette moaned in response, and it wasn't just the moan of a trained harlot, looking to please her client. Jeanette did love it. Her pussy flowed with her juices, soaking her labia as she savored the thick, heady taste of the orc's penis. She hoped he wouldn't cum in her mouth, hoped he'd still throw her on the bed and give her the fucking she needed. She nodded her head for emphasis, rubbing the cock with her lips and tongue as she did so. Her eyes blazed with lust as she looked deep into his red eyes. Her desire was evident, and the enthusiasm with which she sucked his cock was too intense to be faked.

Jeanette pulled the grey orc shaft from her lips, and then began feathering kisses and licks down each side. She traced the curve of the bulbous mounds as her heavy breaths washed against the flesh. "Oh yes...I love the taste of it...I've never had anything like it before. All those weak, small, human dicks can't compare...please sir, please fuck me with this monster! Please teach me to worship your huge orc dick!"

She may have been laying it on a little thick there, but she did want him to fuck her now, before he spilled his load. She didn't know if orcs typically went for more than one round, but she didn't want to take any chances.

The orc's guttural voice growled at her as he gripped her by her biceps and lifted her up off the ground, bringing Jeanette to her feet. "Is that what you want? Is that what you really want?" The scarred orc yanked down sharply on Jeanette's slip, pulling the garment off the princess. She now stood naked before the orc, except for the garter belt and her stockings. 

"Ah...yes...that's what I want...I want to feel that thick cock inside me!" Jeanette continued to bed the orc, moving her hips to press and rub her moist nether lips against the throbbing orc meat standing before her. The orc slapped his hand between Jeanette's legs, and ran it up along her inner thigh. Grazing her wet pussy lips with his knuckles, he brought the hand up to his porcine snout and took a whiff of her scent.

"Little slut...you're wetter than a spring rain and hotter than a sow in heat! You don't want to fuck me till I cum...you want to fuck me till you cum!" The grin on his face betrayed the derision in his tone. The orc sat down on the edge of the small bed and pulled Jeanette down after him. "You're the whore! You service the customer, not the other way around!" The orc lay Jeanette across his lap, and quickly delivered a swift smack to her backside. "Count them off!"

"Nnng! One!" Jeanette cried out as the hand collided with her backside, leaving a red welt on her fair skin. The orc then smacked her again, on her other ass cheek this time. The blows came on after the other, never giving her time to react or adjust as the orc painted her pert backside a uniform shade of red.

"...Five...Six! Ah! Seven!" Jeanette shuddered as the hand set her butt aflame, making it sting and swell with every relentless blow. The pain in her ass became a throbbing heat, which spread through her loins and further fueled the lust coursing through her body.

"Get it yet? Your job is to service me, not your cunt!" The orc growled with perverse delight as he rained blows down on Jeanette's ass. "Say it!" The orc's massive, grey erection pressed firmly into Jeanette's belly as she squirmed atop the orc's lap. Her smooth, soft skin rubbed the meat as she writhed in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Her body, already sensitive from her arousal reached new heights of excitement as the impact on her bottom resonated through her body, making her press tighter into the orc's muscular frame.

"...Eleven...twelve...t-thirteen! Yes! My job is to service you! Not my cunt! Please! Use me for your pleasure! Use me however you want!" Jeanette hadn't been spanked since she was a child, but there was nothing childish about what she was feeling. The idea of having a barbaric, monstrous orc in a position of power over her merged with her fantasy of pretending to be a whore. The two experiences became a merged sexual fantasy, inextricably linked together. 
