 "Susannah, guess what? There are orcs in the city! A trade delegation or something...they must have travelled through Shropshire all the way to Ruar! Maybe you'll get a chance to see one after all!" Jeanette smiled at her friend as Susannah lit up with excitement. 

"Do you really think so? That would be so interesting...have you met any yet? How did you find out? Did you see one?" Susannah placed her hand on Jeanette's arm, gripping it in her excitement as the two ladies took a seat in Jeanette's chambers.

"Uh, no I haven't met any...but I heard the information from the Chancellor...just to keep me informed since I will be serving as Mistress of the castle while the King and Queen are touring the countryside."

"Oh my, Jeanette! You'll be in charge of the whole castle? How exciting! How long will your parents be gone for?"

"They are supposed to be gone for three months...that is how long it will take them to visit all the dukedoms of the realm, with a stopover in Heste to see the Duke of Braden." Jeanette's face hardened slightly as she thought about the Duke.

"That will be a good run for you then won't it? You will get practice running the castle to prepare you for when you're Queen?"

"Yes, no doubt it will be Susannah." Jeanette smiled at her friend, but she was really thinking about the opportunities being afforded to her with the absence of her parents. Without the King and Queen in the castle, there would be less oversight of what she did on a day to day basis, giving her more time to spend at The Soiled Dove. Even with the increased responsibilities that running the Castle would give her she would still have the ability to visit the brothel a few extra nights a week.

"Additionally, Your Highness, you'll be able to set a new dress code...perhaps something more in line with today's fashions?" Susannah smirked playfully and Jeanette began to laugh. "I suppose it will be nice to stop having to worry about whether my dress is going to scandalize the King and Queen...But it is only going to be for a few months. It seems hardly worth the effort to get a new wardrobe for so short a time."

"Oh that's not true at all! Just think of it as a charity...you'll be providing work to countless seamstresses and dressmakers. That's a worthy and noble act for a princess, don't you think?"

"I couldn't agree more, Your Highness." Sir Drake entered the room, joining the conversation. Jeanette, perturbed at the Chancellor's effrontery of entering her chambers unannounced glared at him. "What are you doing here, Sir Drake? I was unaware that we had an appointment scheduled today."

"I was hoping to make one with you, Your Highness. With the King and Queen going away, I thought it might be beneficial for you to attend more council meetings, and see how the kingdom is run. After all, you will be Queen some day. Lessons are all well and good, but a more hands on approach, giving you more real world experience..." Sir Drake trailed off as he looked down at Jeanette, his eyes drifting to the neckline of the dress. He leered at the exposed cleavage and tried to get a fuller look at the princess' breasts. "Of course, perhaps I overstep myself. With your upcoming marriage to the Duke of Braden, you might intend to let him run the Kingdom on your behalf?"

"I will be the Queen, Sir Drake, and I shall both rule and run the Kingdome when I ascend to the throne. Draw up a schedule of meetings and so forth and submit it to my secretary. I will let you know which meetings I shall attend."

"Of course, your Highness." Sir Drake bowed low, bringing his face closer to Jeanette's chest. "I look forward to working closely with you, in the coming months. Good day Your Highness, Lady Susannah." Sir Drake left and Susannah looked over to Jeanette. "How exciting! You'll be having a more active role in running the actual Kingdom, not just the castle. I'm sure you'll do magnificently."

"Thank you for your confidence, Susannah. You're right too, about the dresses. We certainly have the money for it, so why not reinvest some of it back into the city?" Jeanette grinned at her friend. "And get some nice looking things at the same time?" 

"Oh, good for you, Your Highness! I wonder how many new dresses my father will allow me to get. We should go today to get measured and start ordering the fabric."

"Oh don't you worry, dear Susannah...I'll make sure you're adequately dressed for the court. I can't have my best friend wearing last season's fashions can I? It would reflect poorly on the princess." Jeanette laughed along with Susannah, and the two began talking of what kinds of dresses they should wear.

A few days later, despite her discomfort, Jeanette took Sir Drake's advice and decided to begin taking lessons from him. Sir Drake's office in the castle was spacious, though the surfaces of the furniture were covered with documents, giving it a cluttered feel. Jeanette wished she had time to change out of her dress before the appointment into something a little more conservative. Sir Drake gave her enough lingering looks as is without compounding it by wearing a low-cut neckline. Still, if Sir Drake was distracted by her bust, it might make him easier to deal with and give her an upper hand in their interactions.

Sir Drake rose from his desk to greet her as she entered the office. "Welcome, Your Highness, I'm so pleased to see you here today. It's an honor for me to be able to give you these lessons. Please excuse the mess, but I'm quite busy running the affairs of the Kingdom. But if you'll join me over here, I have some important documents to acquaint you with." Sir Drake guided Jeanette to a long table that had been pushed against a wall. The documents on the table were more organized than the rest of the room, though they were still piled somewhat haphazardly. As Sir Drake pulled out a bench for them to sit on, Jeanette realized they were meant to share it, meaning she would have to sit in very close quarters with the Chancellor. Somehow, Jeanette doubted that was a coincidence.

They both set down on the bench, forced to press shoulder to shoulder in order to fit properly. As Sir Drake reached passed Jeanette to fetch a document, his arm couldn't help but brush against her breast, much to her annoyance. After setting the sheet of paper in front of the princess, Sir Drake began. "As you know, Zentara is the wealthiest nation in the region. Our position bordering Heste, Thesta, Sandora, the Elven Isles, and the Angrian March means that all trade comes through here, particularly in the major trading centers of Ruar and Shropshire. The customs on the imports and exports from these nations creates the bulk of the revenue on the Zentaran treasury. These customs amount to approximately three hundred thousand gold marks a year. Additionally, of course, are the estates owned directly by the crown, which annually produces approximately twenty thousand gold marks."

Jeanette pored over the documents, looking over the sums acquired from taxing the various imports. The largest sum came from customs on imports and exports from the Elven Isles, followed by those to and from Heste. "If you'll look at that document there..." Sir Drake pointed to a document on the far end of the table, forcing Jeanette to lean forward to reach it and allowing Sir Drake to look down the front of her dress, admiring the princess' tits. "...you'll see some of the supporting documentation for those numbers. Zentara is lightly populated in comparison to our neighbors, with approximately one million inhabitants. Heste, Thesta, and Sandora each have around two million inhabitants. That is why they are able to field much larger armies than we are. However, because the Lyskean Mountains prevent the east transport of goods from Heste into Thesta, they are forced to send their traders through the Gades Pass into Zentara. This allows us to control the trade going into and out of Heste. Similarly, the Elven Isles directly to the south have no ports to sail into except for Ruar, allowing us to control the imports and exports there. The control of both those trading partners allows us to be the economically dominant force in the region."

"It is also why King Connor wants to control Zentara through his brother. He is probably tired of Zentaran customs on imports and exports bleeding the merchants of his country dry." Jeanette blushed as Sir Drake continued to press and rub against her, but so casually that she didn't have cause to speak about it.

"Yes, but your marriage to his brother will solve that problem, and then everyone gets what he wants." Sir Drake gave Jeanette an oily smile.

"Except me..." Jeanette let that hang there a moment. "I, and Zentara, will lose out on the extra income from the customs on Hestan imports and exports, if the rate is lowered after the marriage."

"As you can see, with the income from the Elven Isles and trade with Thesta, Sandora, and the orc tribes of the Angrian March, Zentara will have more than enough income to continue running, and remain the wealthiest country in the region." Sir Drake gestured at the figures on the parchment before them to make his point.

"I suppose, though I still do not like it. I don't see what Zentara is getting out of this wedding." Jeanette slid down the bench as far as she could to get away from Sir Drake.

"Zentara gets the security of having the military might of Heste behind it. Further, your children will have Braden as part of their demense lands, even if the King of Heste will collect taxes on the rents and revenues it provides." Not one to give up that easily, Sir Drake pursued Jeanette down the bench, finally causing her to stand.

"I think that is enough for today, Sir Drake. Thank you for the lessons on the incomes of Zentara. I'm sure it will provide a good foundation for the future lessons."

Sir Drake rose as well. "Of course, Your Highness. And if I may...I spoke with the Duke of Braden during the original negotiations for the marriage..." Sir Drake grinned toothily at the princess. "He intimated to me that he would prefer that you come to the wedding...well prepared for the marriage bed."

Jeanette rolled her eyes at that. If only they both knew how well prepared she was for it. "And so?"

"The Duke of Braden implied that he wouldn't mind if our...lessons...included preparations for the event." Sir Drake giggled softly, his eyes drifting down Jeanette's figure.

Jeanette scoffed in disgust. "You overstep yourself, Sir! How dare you be so forward!"

"I am merely trying to honor the wishes of your future husband...and the future King of Zentara. I am a humble servant of the Crown, always. When sovereigns change, the rules that govern Court change with them." Sir Drake let that ominous statement hang.

Jeanette turned red with anger and spun around, marching out of the room.

In the following months, Jeanette was able to increase her nights at the brothel from two or three times a week to three or four times a week. Even with her additional duties, she still managed to attend the council meetings, receive petitioners, and manage the castle staff without incident. Her meetings with Sir Drake were effective at teaching her more about the Kingdom, even if his looks and words continued to make her uncomfortable. The more daring dresses the women began to wear at court did not help, but Jeanette admitted she had no one to blame for that but herself.

The scarred orc continued to be at The Soiled Dove every night she was, and was always the first orc of the night to have her. Even though he was the most constant orc, he never told Jeanette his name, leaving him something of a mystery. It was harder to recognize and differentiate the others, but she didn't think it was always the same group or orcs. Their numbers changed constantly, growing or shrinking for reasons she didn't entirely know. Much like her former human customers, the orcs sometimes gave her gifts. But while the human men would give her trinkets, faux jewelry, a few coins, maybe a pair of stockings, the orcs' gifts were more exotic. One gave her a necklace of obsidian teeth, which he said came from a dragon from across the hinterlands. Another gave her a horn, which he said came from a minotaur. They also gave her coins, though even these seemed to come primarily from Thesta and Sandora instead of the Zentaran gold marks the humans gave her. Jeanette added the treasures to a chest she kept hidden in her room, trophies from her wicked nights.

They also brought these exotic goods into the city to trade in the market place. Two months after the King and Queen left for the tour of the Kingdom, Jeanette and Susannah were shopping in Ruar. The two women were looking at fabrics for new dresses to wear to the ball being thrown to celebrate the return of the King and Queen in a month's time. They strolled through the market, talking and laughing, until suddenly Susannah gripped Jeanette's arm tightly and stopped. "Your Highness, look! It's an orc!"

Jeanette's heart stopped and a chill ran up her spine. "Come Your Highness, let's go see what he's selling!" Susannah pulled the princess towards the stall as Jeanette tried to come up with an excuse why they shouldn't. Jeanette was shivering, hoping she wouldn't recognize the orc, but more importantly, hoping the orc wouldn't recognize her.

One of the footmen accompanying the ladies approached the orc's stall. "The Princess, Jeanette Grennally, and Lady Susannah Welton." The orc look surprised to have the princess call on his stall, but quickly recovered and bowed low. "Your Highness, welcome to my humble stall. I have been sent here from the Go'Tink tribe to sell wares from across the Angrian March. Perhaps I can show you some jade beads?" The orc held up a necklace of jade, displaying it to the princess. "Or some fine porcelain?" The orc then gestured to an array of porcelain pots and plates.

Jeanette stared intently at the orc, and was sure she didn't recognize him. Moreover, the orc didn't seem to recognize her, or at least, she didn't think he did. Perhaps he was good at masking his expressions. What if he knew? What if he was able to make the connection between the princess and the whore at The Soiled Dove? At least he wasn't the scarred orc; he'd have recognized her for sure.

Susannah also stared at the orc, though in fascination. "We're actually looking for fabrics for a dress, sir orc." Susannah smiled timidly at the imposing merchant. "Ah, then I have just the thing for you My Lady, rich silk, very fine, even better than Elven silk I should say..." The orc pulled out a roll of white silk and held it out to the ladies. "Feel how soft it is, how fine the material...it would make a lovely gown for you."

Susannah stroked her fingertips along the fabric. "It's so soft Your Highness! Come, feel it..." Jeanette reached out to caress it as well, marveling at how soft the material was. "It's very fine...but look..." Jeanette lifted the fabric up above her head, allowing the sunlight to hit it. "Look how sheer it is; it's nearly transparent in the sunlight. If you wore this you might expose yourself to half the court!"

Susannah blushed as she looked up and through the fabric. "Oh dear, I hadn't considered that..."

"Such are the fashions beyond the March Your Highness. And look, if you double the fabric back like so..." The orc folded the silk against itself. "...then it does not allow others to look where you don't want them."

Susannah grinned impishly and looked at the princess. "Besides Your Highness, perhaps you could buy it and have wear it as your bedclothes for your wedding...the Duke of Braden might expire at the sight of you in it before you have to touch the man!"

Jeanette chuckled along with Susannah, but her mind began to turn with the possibilities of using the fabric for a naughty outfit, or a costume for The Soiled Dove. But that would be too dangerous...wearing such fine, expensive material there, especially one that had been sold to her by an orc. But perhaps just to wear for herself, at the castle...

"You both make excellent points. I will purchase the roll. Do you carry other colors?" Jeanette pulled her hand back from the fabric and nodded to one of her footmen, who stepped forward to collect the roll of silk.

"I do, Your Highness. I can arrange a special display for you, if you like, as I do not keep it all here in the stall."

"Very well, Daniels, see to it..." As she gave the order to Daniels, another footman came running up through the market. "Your Highness! I've been sent by the Chancellor, Sir Drake needs to see you immediately! It's urgent, you must return to the castle!

" 

"What is it?" Jeanette turned toward the new footman, a look of concern on his face. "There's been an accident with your parents, please you must return to the castle!" Susannah gasped and clutched Jeanette's arm, and the two women returned to the castle.

The princess was directed to the Chancellor's office, and found Sir Drake surrounded by ministers. "Sir Drake...what is it, what's happened?" Sir Drake looked at Jeanette with a sorrowful expression. "I'm sorry Your Highness...there was an accident...a rockslide in the Petara Valley...the King and Queen are dead." Silence reigned in the room. Susannah gripped Jeanette's hand tighter and began to sob. Jeanette tensed, not even breathing. Her head pounded as things began to go dark, and it looked like she might faint. Daniels rushed up to support her and prevent her from falling, though Jeanette did not lose consciousness. "H-have their bodies been recovered?" Jeanette's voice cracked, and her lips trembled as she held back the tears. 

"Not yet Your Highness, we have men working on...it." Sir Drake reached forward to stroke Jeanette's arm. "Your Highness, as you know, according to the Act of Succession, you are the heir to the throne...you are now Queen Regent until your official coronation ceremony."

Jeanette nodded slowly, her mind still reeling from the shock of losing her parents, and now becoming the Queen Regent. "I shall leave the preparations for it in your hands, Sir Drake. Please send for Duke Welton, I shall want to speak with him this evening. Then tell the Minister of Coins that I shall wish to hear a report on the state of the Kingdom's finances tomorrow morning. I am going to retire to my chambers now. I shall send word when I'm ready to receive Duke Welton. Good day, gentlemen."

The men bowed and Susannah curtsied as the Queen Regent left the room. Susannah began to follow, but Jeanette waved her off. "Not now Susannah, I wish to be left alone. I'll see you after I am done speaking to your father.

Jeanette began moving quicker, rushing through the castle to her chambers. She managed to make it to her room, and as she closed the door behind her, the tears began to fall.

Jeanette remained in her room for the rest of the day. When she was ready, she sent for the Duke. "His Grace, The Duke of Haverset, Frederick Welton." Susannah's father, Frederick, entered the room and the door was closed behind him, leaving him alone with the Queen Regent. "Your Highness, my condolences for your loss. Your father was a great man, and your mother a true lady, in every sense of the word."

"Thank you, Your Grace. I appreciate you coming on such short notice. But there is much I wish to discuss with you."

"Of course, Your Highness, anything I can do to assist you during this time..."

"I have not been satisfied with the counsel that Sir Drake has been providing, and I would like to appoint you as Chancellor. Will you accept?" 

Frederick's eyes widened, surprised at the offer. "This is a great honor Your Highness. Of course I would be gratified to accept, and I pray I live to repay the trust Your Highness has reposed in me."

"I am happy you are pleased with the appointment, Your Grace. I have not Sir Drake yet about the change. I have already set him to beginning preparations for the coronation, and he can continue in that task if you do not prefer to see to it yourself. Find a suitable position for him, but I do not want him to remain at court."
