 Dinner that night passed uneventfully, with no further improprieties by Turogg. Of the ten orcs invited to stay in the castle, only Bodak and Turogg joined them for dinner. They were actually quite social, and Jeanette found them easy to get along with. Even Susannah, who joined them for dinner, was able to get over her nervousness and join in the conversation, quizzing them endlessly about life among the orc tribes.

When negotiations resumed the next day, it was decided that Jeanette and Turogg would join them, to help in overcoming the impasse that was reached the previous day. Despite her heart being in her throat due to Turogg's presence, and wondering what he would do, Jeanette found herself able to stay focused, participate in and guide the negotiations.

"You must see, Turogg that we cannot agree to cede any portion of Zentara to your control as an independent Kingdom. That would defeat the whole purpose of seeking you aid, to keep Zentara whole and free from the machinations of Heste." Jeanette's frustration with the negotiations was thankfully overpowering the twisted emotions she had been feeling due to the orc's intentions.

"I do not see why not. Your enemy seeks all of your Kingdom. I seek only part. It is still the better deal." Turogg's simplicity had an unwavering logic to it, which made it all the more difficult for Jeanette.

"If we make that deal with you we are guaranteed to lose part of the Kingdom. If we do not, we only might lose the Kingdom. That is the difference, Turogg. I am prepared to risk all for the chance of total victory. However, this is an alternative that might meet both our needs. In our lands, there is a possibility for the lands in one Kingdom to be owned by a subject, or even ruler, of another. Inside this Kingdom, you would an honored guest as a foreign leader. But you would own land and estates. Yes, the people who live on those lands would owe fealty to me through you, but you yourself would remain independent."

Turogg's brow furrowed as he tried to understand the caveats and qualifications of Jeanette's offer. After conferring with Bodak in their native tongue, he turned back to Jeanette. "So you say that I own the land, but the people remain yours?"

"Something like that, Turogg. They would work for you, follow your orders, do as you say...but you would have to pay taxes from their income to me, as well as fight for me when called upon."

Turogg leaned forward toward Jeanette. "How much land are you offering in this arrangement?"

Frederick chimed in to answer. "We are prepared allow you to build a castle, as well as land enough for five thousand settlers to build new lives."

"A castle, and five thousand orcs to settle? That is not enough. It will take hundreds of thousands of orcs to fight your war for you, and you want to reward only five thousand? That is not enough. If you want us to fight for you, we need land for one hundred thousand orcs to settle down."

Frederick angrily objected. "A hundred thousand? Ridiculous! Impossible!" 

Bodak banged his hand hard on the table and stood up. "Are you calling Chief Turogg ridiculous?"

Jeanette rose as well, gesturing for everyone to calm down. "Gentlemen, please let us restrain ourselves. There is no need to get upset, we are simply voicing our desires, and there is still room to negotiate. We have come to an agreement already on the form of compensation to Chief Turogg for the alliance, now we are simply deciding on quantity."

"Queen Jeanette speaks true. Calm, brother, I know that Duke Frederick was not insulting. You have made your offer, we have made ours. Let us break for now to consider each offer, and where we are able to meet in the middle. Excuse us, Queen Jeanette. I will see you again soon." Turogg gave Jeanette a knowing grin, and then left the meeting hall with Bodak.

After a brief consultation with Frederick on the plans for tomorrow, Jeanette spent the rest of the day meeting with her subjects. Several merchants came to present their offerings for the celebrations following the coronation, now scheduled to occur in four days. She also heard petitions from some commoners, and reviewed plans for further mobilization of peasants from the fields in order to challenge any invasion from Heste.

At the end of the day, Jeanette retired to her quarters, and dismissed the servants after being undressed for bed. Jeanette ran her fingers over her sides, stroking the sore spots left by the tightly laced corset she was wearing that day. Jeanette turned to get into bed, and then gasped as a shadow fell across her. Jeanette wrapped one arm over her chest and placed her hand between her legs to cover herself. Before she could scream, a hulking figure stepped out from a hidden door in the back of the room. Jeanette exhaled sharply as she recognized Turogg, who had apparently made his way through the servant wing into her room.

"Turogg! What are you doing here? You can't be here!" Jeanette scolded Turogg, who didn't seem the least abashed. "You know what I am doing here, Queen Jeanette." Turogg wide grin was framed by his tusks as he advanced across the room toward Jeanette, who backed away slowly at his approach. "I let you set agreement today, now it is time for me to make demand." Jeanette reached out to Jeanette, holding her by the shoulders, and then pulled her naked body close to his.

"How did you even get in here?" Jeanette shivered a bit, letting her arm fall off her breasts as she drew closer to Turogg, until her nipples grazed over his muscular chest. 

"It is not hard, if you know how. The servants were quick to clear out of the way when I entered their quarters. They all went into hiding and I used a secret passage to walk right up here."

Anger welled up inside her at the ease with which the orc made it into her room, and how quickly her servants gave him free reign. In a way though, it was her own fault for allowing the orcs into the castle. She should have realized the effect it would have on the commoners. "But how did you know it was there? I didn't even know it was there!" 

Turogg grabbed Jeanette's ass, lifted her up, and brought her to the bed before throwing her down onto the mattress. "Do not concern yourself, Queen Jeanette. There are many secrets in this castle, are there not? Best focus on our agreement tonight. This will be a compromise we can both enjoy."

Jeanette collapsed back on the bed with a soft grunt, spreading her legs and arms out as she settled in to the soft sheets. She watched Turogg undress, her heart beating faster as her excitement grew while watching her lover's body reveal itself. The massive orc then climbed atop her, straddling her waist and pinned her to the bed. His hot, erect cock slapped between Jeanette's bountiful bosom. The large, rough hands closed around each breast and squeezed, then wrapped them around his dick, enveloping the throbbing ribbed member with the soft flesh. He held them there a moment, then let them fall free off his dick. Turogg spit in his hand, and then rubbed the saliva along his cock to wet it, before pushing Jeanette's tits back around it. He then began to slide his fat, slanted cock in and out through Jeanette's thick cleavage.

"Very nice, Queen Jeanette. You have an excellent body for pleasing orc cock. Tell me you like this agreement that I propose." Jeanette grunted as she felt her sensitive tits mash around the hot, ribbed, meat and stroked the loose skin up and down with her chest. Despite how desperately hot her pussy was, she couldn't give herself any relief as Turogg had her arms pinned to her sides with his legs. 

"I'm...I'm pleased with it, Turogg..." Jeanette whined and squirmed, twisting beneath the orc's heavy body as best she could, trying to push her hips upward but finding herself unable to lift off the bed.

Turogg continued to play with Jeanette's breasts, stroking his monstrous cock faster and harder with them. His fingers danced across her nipples, flicking and rubbing the hard nubs until a trickle of milk began to dribble out. Turogg twirled his finger around the droplets and collected it on his fingertips, then licked them off his fingers. He began to knead and massage her breasts as he fucked her tits, until a steady stream of milk began to drip down her breasts, coating her chest. 

Jeanette panted harder, flushing a deep red as she felt herself leak. Her mother's milk pooled between her breasts, further lubricating Turogg's cock as it slipped in and out of her cleavage. Jeanette looked down at the thick cock with the peculiar cork-screw shape and ribbed texture, yearning to have it inside her again. "Oooh...please, Turogg...please put it inside me...I need it!" 

Turogg laughed throatily at the begging. "You ask so nicely, Queen Jeanette, I cannot refuse." Turogg shimmied back off Jeanette, and then leaned down to lick the milk from her body. His long tongue lapped at the puddles of milk, swirling them around his tongue before his lips wrapped around a nipple. His tusks rubbed the sides of her breasts as he suckled on her, devouring her milk as his thick, throbbing cock bounced and pressed between Jeanette's legs.

Jeanette's hand stroked through Turogg's hair, holding him to her breast while she undulated beneath him, rubbing her pussy back against his hard erection. Her other hand slid up and down the orc's back, caressing the bulging muscles as she panted in need. After a moment, Turogg rose from Jeanette's chest and looked down at her with a wide grin, milk gleaming off his lips. Turogg pressed his hands to the back of Jeanette's thighs, lifting her legs and bending them back till her head rested between them. 

Holding his cock in one hand, he slapped it against Jeanette's slick nether lips, smearing her wet juices over the length of it. Turogg then prepared to press the cock inside of her. Instead of aiming it at Jeanette's pussy, he instead circled the cockhead around Jeanette's anal ring. A quick, deep thrust later and Jeanette's ass was impaled by the hard orc dick. Jeanette gasped in surprise as the bumps on the cock stretched her ass apart and made the walls cling to its contours. She groaned in frustration as her need went unsatisfied. Even still, as Turogg began to push his cock in and out of her tight ass, she lifted her hips in response, riding him right back.

"Oh Queen Jeanette, your ass is so tight. Heh, but not as tight as other human women I've had. I can tell you've done this before. Even after all these months your ass hasn't tightened back the way it was. Now it never shall, I shall keep you nice and stretched for orc cock only from now on!" Turogg heaved as he buggered Jeanette's rear, a look of glee on his face at the prospect of fucking the human queen regularly from now on.

Turogg kissed Jeanette's ankle, and his tusks stroked her leg as he licked the side of her calf as he pounded away at Jeanette's ass, molding her into the shape of his monstrous orc cock. Jeanette reached down to rub her clit, but Turogg stopped her. His large hand grabbed both of hers, pinning them in his grip as he held them above her head. Jeanette whimpered, her pussy throbbing with need as she tried in vain to lift her hips up high enough to reach the orc's body. The frantic bucking of her hips only gave Turogg more pleasure, while she was unable to achieve any friction on her needy, sensitive nether lips.

Turogg pressed more of his weight down on Jeanette's legs, bending her further back as he plowed deeper and deeper into her bottom. Turogg's bulbous cock swelled inside Jeanette as his pleasure grew, his cockhead growing more sensitive in the vice-like grip of the woman's ass. His free hand slid between their bodies, searching out Jeanette's slippery cunt. His long tongue extended from his mouth, licking Jeanette's lips. Jeanette opened her mouth to meet it, sucking on the tip hungrily. Turogg enjoyed the kiss a moment, before pulling his head back. "All your pleasure comes from me now, Jeanette." Turogg's strong fingertip pressed down on her swollen clit, rubbing it slowly with firm pressure. "All your pleasure comes from orcs. You get it from us..." Turogg's fingers began to rub faster as hips moved quicker. "Not from others...not even from yourself..." Turogg grunted between each sentence as he struggled to hold back his climax. Jeanette's pleasure welled up inside her, quickly reaching the bursting point. "Say it, Queen Jeanette...admit it...you know the pleasure it will bring you to surrender it to me..." Turogg's grip tightened on Jeanette's wrist, squeezing them harder and harder as his hips slapped violently against her cheeks. 

"Ah! Yes! It comes from you! My pleasure comes from you and all orcs!" Jeanette cried out the words in a shrill voice before she exploded in climax, her cry filling the room as her head swam with the ecstasy of her orgasm. Turogg held Jeanette's clit firmly, rubbing it between his fingertips to prolong her pleasure. The orc's own climax hit shortly thereafter from Jeanette's climax induced clenching. His cock burst inside the woman, flooding her insides with hot gushes of cum as he emptied his balls deep in her ass.

As Turogg's climax subsided, he released the weight from her legs and pushed them to the sides, allowing her to wrap them around his waist. Turogg's cock continued to twitch and spurt inside Jeanette as he pressed his lips to her face again, kissing her once again as they rested in post coital bliss. "You did good, Jeanette. I look forward to our discussions tomorrow, since they will form our discussions tomorrow night. Yes, Queen Jeanette, I think tomorrow will be a very interesting day."

There was something in Turogg's eyes that she didn't like, but for the moment she didn't care. If tomorrow's negotiations ended as successfully, and led to a night like tonight, then she would truly have nothing to complain about. "I'm sure it will, Turogg." Jeanette looked up at the orc with a grin. "Every day brings a closer friendship between humans and orcs. I am humbled to be the ambassador of that friendship." Jeanette tittered softly at the joked, then sighed as Turogg's cock softened and slipped out of her. 

Turogg rose off of Jeanette and quickly redressed. "I look forward to seeing you in the morning, Queen Jeanette. We have much to discuss." "Turogg grinned at her, and then stepped back into the shadows, leaving the room via the secret passage he used to enter.

When Jeanette awoke the next morning her bottom was still sore from the night before. Her body felt dirty, as Jeanette had collapsed into bed after Turogg left and didn't get an opportunity to wash herself after their time together. She supposed she would have to start keeping fresh water and a washcloth in her room, if Turogg had the ability to make these unannounced visits. Perhaps if she started having her ladies sleeping in the solar, Turogg would not come into the room to be with her. Or perhaps he would still come, and her secret would be revealed. Either way, Jeanette wasn't sure she wanted him to stay away. She had a wonderful time the night before with him, and was eager to meet with him again today.

Like she did so many months ago when working at The Soiled Dove, Jeanette stayed in bed that morning while her servants drew her bath, then dismissed them so she could bathe herself. Jeanette did not want to risk her servants seeing any of the evidence of her previous night while she was being cleaned.

After she was cleaned and dressed, Susannah came to see Jeanette. "Good morning, Your Highness. I trust you slept well?"

"Tolerably well, Susannah. Tolerably." Jeanette tried to restrain her smile, and hoped that she wasn't still glowing. Though Susannah would probably be the most understanding person in court towards the relationship, she still did not want it getting out.

"Will you see Agmar, today? He misses his mother dreadfully."

Since the arrival of the orcs in the city, Jeanette had stayed away from Agmar. Inviting the orcs was suspicious enough, Jeanette did not want to compound that by visiting a half-orc child. It was difficult for her not to see her son, and she missed him terribly. Agmar had been given a room in a little used guest wing of the castle with his wet-nurse to keep him hidden. Jeanette hoped the negotiations would not continue much longer, and an agreement would be made so she could begin rebuilding her life in the city as Queen. "I do not think so, Susannah. You know it is too dangerous, especially with the orcs inside the castle now. The risk of exposure is too great."

"I am surprised you invited them in the castle, especially after what happened to you. Are you sure it is safe?"

"Yes I think it will be. You've met Turogg and Bodak, and they are decent gentlemen, more or less. They will not allow any of their retinue to get out of line in the castle."

"You're right about that. They are gentlemen, aren't they?" Susannah laughed slightly. "They are not at all what I was expecting. When you told me that an orcish chief was going to be coming, I imagined a big, fearsome, exotic barbarian walking around naked and eating with his hands."

Jeanette gave her friend a teasing grin. "Oh? You were imagining naked orcs, were you?"

Susannah blushed at Jeanette's words. "Oh you know I didn't mean it like that, Jeanette!"

"Of course you didn't, dear. I'm just teasing you."

"They are more civilized than I expected, though. I felt like such a ninny, that first night having dinner with them. I could barely speak a word in their presence. But they're really not that much different than you or I, except in their looks."

Jeanette grinned at her. "I'm sure you'll get the opportunity to make up for it. They are likely to be here at least another week, which means they'll be here for the festivities following the coronation. You might even get to dance with one!"

Susannah tittered at that. "You think? I bet it would hardly be like dancing at all. They're so big and strong they could just lift me up and twirl around."

"Well we shall have to find out, won't we? Should I ask Turogg to invite you to dance?"

"I'm sure my father wouldn't like it, not one bit. He is very supportive of your plan, Jeanette, but he doesn't trust the orcs, especially not with his daughter."

Jeanette thought that Frederick had good reason to be concerned, if the actions of Turogg were anything to go by. "Perhaps that's for the best then. Although with so many orcs about, they're going to have to dance with somebody."

"I'm sure they don't even know how to dance, Your Highness. They probably won't miss a thing."

"You're right, my dear. Anyway, I must be off to today's negotiation. Give Agmar a kiss for me. I shall see you tonight for supper."

Susannah curtsied for Jeanette. "I will. Have a good day, Your Highness."

After Susannah left, Jeanette went to the meet with Frederick, and Turogg for the next round of negotiations. "Gentlemen, thank you for returning again this morning. We made good progress yesterday, agreeing that a tract of land, which will remain Zentaran, will be awarded to Turogg, to be used for the settlement of his people. We now need to work toward an agreement on the size of the land awarded, and the number of orcs given license to settle in the Kingdom."

"Before we begin, let me say I am sorry that Bodak cannot be with us today. I sent him to camp outside the city to help see to the needs of my people." Turogg's booming voice shook Jeanette, being so loud for this early in the morning. 

"That is quite alright, Turogg. I am pleased you are here to negotiate with us, even with less delegates than we have."

Frederick leaned forward to address the orcs. "We are prepared to raise our offer to land for two castles, two cities, and settlement rights for thirty thousand orcs."

Turogg thought about that number for a moment. "That is much less insulting then yesterday's offer, but it is still not enough. We would need for at least sixty-five thousand of my people to live here. We only require one castle, but do not wish to be restricted on the number of settlements. My people must be free to live how and where they wish, within the boundaries of the land."
