 The next morning Jeanette arose early, before her servants would normally come to wake, bathe, and dress her. She put on a light gown, and snuck downstairs through the secret passage in the back of the room. She would have to remember to ask Turogg again how he knew about it, and try to find out why and when it was created. Jeanette peeked out the door on the other end, and saw that the coast was clear. She could hear servants down the hall, but in the opposite direction she needed to go. Jeanette closed the door behind her and made her way to the second wing of guest quarters. Jeanette finally reached the far end where she had placed Agmar and the wet nurse. The secondary wing of quarters had fallen into disuse in recent years, and was a throwback to an earlier king who enjoyed large feasts with all the nobility of the realm. Jeanette opened the door and entered the room. The wet nurse awoke with a start.

"Your Highness! Excuse me, I wasn't expecting you..." Jeanette waved the wet nurse to sit down on the edge of the bed. 

"No reason you should have, this is an unexpected visit. I need to talk to you. These past several weeks you've been both caring for and feeding Agmar. This relationship needs to change slightly. I'm going to be feeding him again, starting today. You will of course continue receiving the full pay, though for now your duties will consist only of the childcare. Is that understood?"

"Of course, Your Highness. It's always best for the mother to feed the babe, if you ask me. I know that it's the way of the gentry to have a wet nurse do it, and sure I enjoy the money for it, but a babe needs his mother if you ask me."

Jeanette gave the wet nurse a look, and the woman quieted down. Jeanette then went to the crib and lifted Agmar into her arms. She smiled down at her slumbering baby, rocking him gently and just holding him close for a moment. When he awoke, Jeanette guided Agmar to her breast, and he began to suckle. After feeding Agmar, Jeanette put him back in the crib and looked out a nearby window. The sun was beginning to rise, and she would have to hurry to get back to her room before the servants looked for her. She would have to give more explicit directions on when to enter her room so she would have more time in the morning. "I shall return in two hours to feed him again. Tonight, I will show you a passage you can use to take him up to my chambers. Bring him to me so he can spend the night with me, so he'll be close enough to nurse. Have a second crib brought in to be kept nearby in the passage."

"Of course, Your Highness."

Jeanette left in a hurry and raced back to her quarters, managing to arrive before the servants entered. She gave orders not to be awoken until an hour after dawn, to give her time to feed Agmar. After she was dressed for the day, Jeanette went down to breakfast, where she was joined by Frederick and Sir Drake.

"Good morning, Your Highness. Sir Drake has returned, having made all the arrangements for the coronation."

"Well done, Sir Drake. I'm sure the festivities will be astonishing. You're to be commended." Jeanette gave Sir Drake a tight, forced smile.

"Thank you, Your Highness. I've asked His Grace to arrange this audience because I believe I can be of further use to you." Sir Drakes oily smile made Jeanette's skin crawl.

"Oh? What further service can you render Zentara, Sir Drake?"

Sir Drake's grin grew wider. "I believe I can be of great assistance in your negotiations with the orcs, Your Highness."

Jeanette and Frederick looked at each other. "That is not what you told me you wished to talk about, Sir Drake."

"Forgive me, Your Grace, but given the secrecy of these negotiations, I felt that discretion was a better choice."

"How did you find out about them?" Jeanette glared at Sir Drake, anger boiling under the surface.

"I served as Chancellor for many years under your esteemed parents, Your Highness. I have a considerable network of informants in the city, and there is little that escapes me."

Frederick gave Sir Drake a cold look. "What do you think you can offer the negotiations, Sir Drake?"

"I know a great deal about the orcs. I have discovered what is driving them to attack Thesta and Sandora more relentlessly than usual, and what their aims and intentions are for 'civilizing.'" 

Jeanette leaned forward slightly. "What exactly do you want in exchange for this information?"

"I want to join the negotiating team. I want to be part of your discussions with the orcs. I want to be brought back into court."

Jeanette looked at Frederick again, who did not give her any indication of his opinion. Sighing, Jeanette turned back to Sir Drake. "Very well, Sir Drake, tell me what you know. If the information is valuable enough, and you think you can get more, you'll be able to join us when we meet with the orcs."

"There are two considerations that are driving Chief Turogg to make this alliance with you. First, there is a drought in the Angrian March that has killed off the grazing beasts the orcs keep for food. They are raiding Thesta and Sandora for livestock to slaughter as much as for treasure. Second, Chief Turogg has recently consolidated his control over all the orc tribes. He does not believe they will stay united after his death, however. So he is looking for lush country to settle his people, which he hopes will create a dynasty that will keep his people united."

Jeanette considered the idea. It was just like Chief Turogg to want to create stability for his people. It explained much of his bargaining position. However, knowing the motives, she found it hard want to use this against him. How could she begrudge him unused forests and lands when all he wanted was to create a better life for his people?

Frederick and Sir Drake were both looking at Jeanette as she was lost in her reverie. Snapping out of it, she nodded to the former Chancellor. "Very well, Sir Drake, you can join us today. Just watch and listen, and get a feel for the rhythm of the negotiation, and the terms that are discussed. We will talk more afterward and tomorrow to brief you on our strategy."

"Of course, Your Highness. Trust me, you will not regret giving me this chance." Jeanette rose from the table and left the room, making her way back to Agmar's room to nurse him again before negotiations started for the day.

When she was done, she returned to the meeting hall to resume the negotiations. "Chief Turogg, this is Sir Drake, who will be sitting in on the negotiations today."

Turogg made a start. "This is most inappropriate, Queen Jeanette. We agreed on an equal number of representatives in the negotiation. Now you bring another person despite earlier agreement. This is not acceptable."

"He will be sitting in as an observer today, Chief Turogg, not a negotiator." Frederick answered.

"And tomorrow? Two of us, two of you. That is the deal."

Jeanette chimed in. "Very well, Chief Turogg. Starting tomorrow, the Duke of Haverset and Sir Drake will conduct the negotiations. With the upcoming coronation, I have many arrangements to be made...as well as other duties." Jeanette gave Turogg a knowing look. Having to nurse Agmar every two hours wasn't conducive to sitting in the meeting hall for long periods of negotiation.

Turogg looked surprised at this turn of events, but after a moment a grin formed on his lips. "Very well, Queen Jeanette. It shall be as you say. For now, let us pick up the negotiations where we left off. I believe you said you had a proposal that would be mutually agreeable to all?"

"Indeed, Chief Turogg. I propose that we aim higher in our objectives. Rather than just defending, or raiding Heste to keep them distracted, we should strive for a more complete victory. I propose that we trap and destroy their army, then launch an invasion of Heste. We conquer the Duchy of Braden, and allow your people to settle there."

Sir Drake's eyes widened at the ambition of the plan. Turogg gave Jeanette a long look. "You have said that they have more men than we do. How do you think we can hold it if they will keep coming back in greater numbers?"

"We need allies, Chief Turogg. With your forces fighting Heste, we will be able to solicit the assistance of Thesta and Sandora. With their aid, or at least, the threat of their aid, Heste will back down and cede the Duchy of Braden to us."

"To us? You mean, to me, don't you Queen Jeanette?" 

"The Duchy of Braden should pay homage to the Zentaran crown under the rules we discussed previously. Trying to establish an independent Orc Kingdom between Zentara and Heste will not end well for you. While you and I might enjoy good relations, in the future you might find yourself crushed between two enemies." Jeanette spoke slowly and patiently. It was hard for her to deny Chief Turogg what he wanted, but she knew that this would be the best for him and his people.

Bodak made a dismissive grunt. "You do not have to worry about us, Your Highness. We can take care of ourselves. When something is ours, it stays ours. Humans will not be able to take our land from us."

Frederick raised his voice in anger. "They will once they've butchered all your people. It won't be hard, when you've been corralled and surrounded. You won't be able to hide in the Marches when humans with weapons to fight back appear!"

Bodak slammed his hand on the table and stood up. "Are you saying I'm afraid of humans?"

Turogg barked at Bodak, who glowered as he sat back down. "Who would win or not is besides the point. We have good friendship with Zentara and would like that to continue. It might be possible for the agreement to work along the rules discussed yesterday, but with other considerations. My people are not yours, and there is need for some special rights that your people do not have."

"What sort of rights are you thinking of, Chief Turogg?" Jeanette asked, curious at the nature of the rights. Her breasts began to ache, letting her know it was nearly time to break the negotiation for lunch so she could nurse Agmar.

"While it might be that we provide some treasures and soldiers to the crown, our own laws would govern our people. Orcs live by different rules than humans. We cannot, and will not become like humans just for living in your land."

Jeanette nodded along with that as Frederick frowned. "That makes sense, Chief Turogg, and I think I can agree to that."

"Second, our people will continue to raid and plunder, it is what we do. We will not target Zentara, of course, but will resume our attacks on the others."

"That simply will not do, Chief Turogg. We need Thesta and Sandora to enforce the peace, if you attack them, all three could turn on us and we would be crushed. Thesta and Sandora will be content if you limit your attacks to Heste, and should ward off any major retaliation, as long as it isn't excessive."

"If the raiding is good in Heste, there isn't need for attacking the others." Turogg didn't seem entirely convinced by Jeanette's argument.

"That will have to do for now. Gentlemen, I suggest we break for lunch, we can resume after." Jeanette and the others rose from the table, Sir Drake and Frederick bowing as she left the room.

After Jeanette nursed Agmar again, she returned him to the wet nurse, and told her that she would have to see to his feeding tonight, as she would be at a late reception for the guests in the castle. The rest of the negotiations that day did not produce much. They continued to discuss the rules that would govern an orc duchy inside a human kingdom. While it seemed that Chief Turogg had agreed in principle with the idea, the execution of it was still being debated, and might consist of so much autonomy they would be independent in everything but name.

By the end of the negotiations, Jeanette was no longer paying as close attention. As the day closed, her thoughts drifted more and more toward the surprise that Chief Turogg had for her tonight. What was he planning? Why did she need to be dressed? Where were they going? Jeanette started sneaking more longing glances toward the orc as Frederick took over more of the dialogue. She hoped no one noticed the need in her eyes, though she feared the curious looks and sly smiles that Sir Drake was giving her from the back of the room.

When the meeting concluded, she rushed back to her room, giving orders for dinner to be sent to her there. Before her meal arrived, her servants changed her into a silver dinner dress. She also wore an emerald pendant and a diamond tiara to complete her look for Chief Turogg.

Chief Turogg didn't arrive to her room until late that night, well after sundown when all was black outside. He wasn't wearing anything special for the occasion, just his usual sleeveless shirt and leather breeches. Chief Turogg was carrying a long, hood cloak, which he wrapped around Jeanette's shoulders. "Come, Jeanette, put this on. It will hide you for our journey."

Jeanette wrapped the cloak around her and covered her head with the hood. The cloak was long and large enough to completely cover her fine dress. "Where are we going, Chief Turogg?"

Chief Turogg smirked mischievously. "You shall see soon enough, Jeanette. It will not be long."

Chief Turogg and Jeanette descended down the secret staircase and snuck out a servant's door, climbing into a covered wagon. Jeanette shivered in excitement as they left the castle grounds. Had the wagon been uncovered, it would almost be like he was courting her, and taking her for a ride in the city. "Am I wearing appropriate clothing for our destination?"

"You look beautiful, Jeanette. More perfect than if I had dressed you myself." They rode for fifteen minutes through the city before they turned into a dark alley. Chief Turogg hopped out first, and then helped Jeanette down, before guiding her through a back door into a kitchen. Jeanette looked around the deserted kitchen. She did not recognize the place, though the roar of a crowd in a different room suggested that it was a public place. At first she thought an inn, or a tavern, but then she detected a sweaty scent she recognized from The Soiled Dove. Chief Turogg had brought her to a brothel. She looked over at him, but he said nothing, just guided her into a small passageway, where several additional orcs were hanging around a curtain, which led into the main room where the large crowd was.

"Chief Turogg, What are we doing here?" Jeanette's heart pounded in fear at being in a place such as this without her disguise on. Knowing Chief Turogg as she did, she had no doubt he had a lewd intent for the night. But why did he want her dressed as a queen? If she were exposed, it would end the leverage he had over her.

"You know what kind of place this is, and you have to ask?" Chief Turogg laughed. "Since we have come here, many whorehouses have started opening their doors to orcs. This one now caters to orcs exclusively. But even still, it is hard to find enough women to serve all orcs. What better place for the orc whore queen then the orc brothel?"

Jeanette opened her mouth to angrily protest, but Chief Turogg cut her off. "Quiet now, listen. You will understand." Jeanette listened as the voices in the crowd died down, and heard someone walk to the stage on the other side of the curtain.

"Good evening, my orc friends, and welcome back to the Milking Station. As you know, we are the premiere brothel catering to the orc guests of our great Queen. We have a lovely stable of human women who just cannot get enough of your big orc cocks!" The crowd cheered at that. Jeanette peeked through the curtain, and saw a crowd of orcs in the room, as well as, surprisingly enough, a few humans. The idea of being back in a brothel, surrounded by horny orcs was enough for her pussy to slicken. Chief Turogg quickly pulled her back away from the curtain.

"But our Queen has a secret that you do not know, gentlemen. There is a reason why she invited you all into her lands, and why she has moved ten, yes ten, of you into her castle. You see, our Queen knows what the lovely girls here know, that fat, grey, orc cock is incomparable!" The crowd cheered again, as Jeanette flushed angrily and barely suppressed her rage. As if you dispute her growing anger, Chief Turogg pulled the cloak off her shoulders and then gripped her rear, massaging the pert backside which she willingly pushed back and grinded into his grip.

"Our Queen has a deep hunger for it, and tonight, you will get to see it! Yes, our lewd Queen not only loves orc cock, but she wants the world to know! So tonight, the Queen will join us on stage and show us all how much she wants it!" The crowd cheered again as Turogg pushed Jeanette through the curtain, followed by the rest of the orcs who had been waiting. Jeanette looked out in shock at the sea of orc faces, leering up at her. She stepped up to the front center of the stage, as ten orcs, including Turogg, fanned out in a line behind her.

Jeanette's heart pounded rapidly as a tight pressure clenched around her chest. However, as she examined the faces of the people in the crowd, she realized something. None of these people actually thought she was the Queen. They thought she was a whore, putting on a fancy gown and pretending to be the Queen while getting fucked by orcs. A smile of relief crossed her lips as the tightness in her chest eased. This would be just like being back at The Soiled Dove. She was being a character, not herself. She could do that; she could do this.

The announcer turned and gave a low bow to Jeanette. "Your Highness, thank you for gracing my humble establishment with your presence this evening. I know all your guests gathered here are grateful as well for the kind hospitality you've shown them. Now, Your Highness, did you hear the introduction I gave just a short while ago?"

"I did, good sir. Every word of it."

"And what do you think? Did I speak the truth?"

"You did. Everything you said was true. I love orc cock, and I want everyone here to know it. Every orc in the city should know that I'm ready to spread my legs for him at his leisure." The crowd cheered in approval as she shook, feeling every eye in the establishment trained on her, leering and undressing her.

"This comes a shock, Your Highness. I can scarce believe that our royal Queen is secretly a slut for orc cock. Please tell us, Your Highness, how did you first come to enjoy orc flesh?"

"Well, I, I met many orcs while shopping in the city. The orc merchants always had fine, exotic, and amazing wares for me to purchase. One day I got to talking with the merchant, and he mentioned that it was very lonely for the orcs in the city, as most human women didn't want to lie with them. Since they were guests in my Kingdom, bringing trade and wealth, I felt it was my duty to provide companionship. After I got my first taste of orc cock though, I knew I could never go back, and would only service orc men from then on." Jeanette spun the story as quickly as she could on such short notice. The orcs seemed pleased enough with it, cheering and rubbing the bulges in their pants.

"I can tell your guests are very glad to hear that, Your Highness. How many orc cocks do you think you've serviced?"

"Hmm...that is difficult to say. Probably at least three dozen different orc cocks, but each one of those dozens of times. So I guess what I am trying to say is that I've fucked an orc probably over three hundred times."

"Three hundred times! That probably beats out even the girls we have here at the Milk Station. How does it feel being a bigger orc fucker than an orc whore?" The announcer grinned wide, pleased at how easily his subject was going along, and knowing that it was going to drive the orcs wild and bring in a fortune of gold tonight.

"It feels wonderful. Having a large, powerful orc sliding in and out of me is the best feeling in the world. Knowing that I've had that more than any other woman is just, well, appropriate for a Queen, don't you think?" Jeanette tittered softly and smiled out at the crowd, making eye contact with several of the orcs in the audience as she beamed happily.
