 "Aahhhrghh!" Amyras cried out in pain. Romina was kneeling between the girl's splayed legs holding her giant glass phallus trying to ease it into Amyras's tight sex. 

"You need to relax, girl," Romina said with compassion. She enjoyed seeing the noble-born lady suffer, but there was no reason to let her know that. "You can take this inside of you. Just think of the pleasure you'll get once it's inside of you."

Amyras was clutching the bed sheets and her body was covered with sweat. Before even trying the ogre-sized toy on the girl she had first been careful to prepare her. Amyras proved to be very easy to bring to orgasm. Stripped of her clothes Amyras boasted a surprisingly lithe and taut body. Her tits were small, but that wasn't a problem. Romina liked variety in her sex partners. Amyras had allowed her maid to do more extensive shaving than Romina. Her thin patch of curly pubic hairs were carefully carved into that of a four winged butterfly. Romina thought it was a silly thing to do, but she was more than willing to delve into Amyras depths regardless of how she decorated herself. 

It wasn't necessary to do much more than lick the girl's swollen labia for more than two minutes before she cried out in orgasm. Romina was surprised and somewhat miffed. She wanted more of a challenge with the girl. Apparently she was easy to get off, but was reluctant about going to bed with another woman. Silly girl. "Do you always cum so easily?"

The girl hadn't come down from her high yet. "Uh-huh," was all she could manage.

"Then lets see how many times I can make you cum," Romina declared and reached for the girl's small pink nipples. Lying on her back the girl practically had no tits at all. Romina didn't mind. She gently rolled and pinched the nipples listening to Amyras's moans of pleasure. It was hard to believe Amyras was actually reacting this way and not just performing for Romina's benefits. Still, Romina enjoyed it and went so far as to take the girl's nipple in her mouth and started suckling like a baby. That was enough to push Amyras over the edge again and the girl shuddered with another orgasm.

Romina laughed. 

"What's so funny?" Amyras asked when she was under full control of her faculties again.

"You cum so easily. If I could do that, I'd be one walking orgasm."

"It's not as much fun as it looks," Amyras said sourly wondering why she ever agreed to go through with this.

"I'll be the judge of that," Romina said, slipping her hand between Amyras's thighs and pushing two fingers inside the girl's sex. She was warm and wet and ready for more. Romina took her time with Amyras, bring her to climax again and again, until she finally deemed the girl was ready. She smeared her bright red labia with the sticky salve and started easing the enormous dildo into the near-virgin girl.

"Argh! Stop! It hurts!"

"I've seen you fuck men," Romina hissed at her. "You just need to relax and let it inside of you."

Amyras continued to scream and cry all the while Romina keep forcing the glass phallus forward into her. 

"It's too big!"

"It's just big enough. Stop acting like a virgin."

Slowly, ever so slowly, with screams and tears and clenched teeth, Amyras accepted the oversized penis into her cunt.

"See," Romina whispered in her lover's ear. "I knew you could do it." She kissed her on the forehead while Amyras breathed in a short, sharp staccato pattern and held her legs up in the air by grasping herself behind the knees. "How many times did you cum when I was doing that?" she asked ever so softly in the girl's ear.

Between her sobs Amyras managed to mewl out, "Three."

Romina stroked her hair for a few minutes, keeping the overlarge phallus inside the girl letting her become accustomed to its size and power. When she determined the time was right, she let the dildo slip out. Amyras gave a cry of relief, certain she's never return to her normal size again. Romina kissed her lightly on the lips and got up on her hands and knees.

"Now it's my turn." She handed the slick curved rod to Amyras who reluctantly moved off her back. "I like it from behind; it lets me know I'm being dominated by a real man. Let's see if you can do as well as the men in the society."

She arched her back and spread her thighs, exposing her red and wet pudenda. Amyras wouldn't even have to kiss or suck the older woman to get her ready. It was odd seeing a woman with such a large set of tits and a huge pendulous belly getting ready to be penetrated, but Amyras knew how the Society of the Weeping Rose worked. She knew her duty. Putting the head of the smooth phallus against Romina's glistening lips, she pushed gently and was surprised to see how easily it slipped inside the pregnant woman. 

"That's good," Romina said over her shoulder, looking with satisfaction at the surprise in Amyras's eyes. "Keep going. I'll tell you when to start rotating it."

Romina found Amyras's technique to be adequate but hardly fantastic; but she was still young, just barely nubile, out from her mother's apartments. After dismissing the girl from her bed so that she might get a full, satisfactory night's sleep, Romina passed into a deep slumber with the most disturbing dreams.

She found herself on hands and knees in a troll's cave. It wasn't a dirty and disgusting cave, but clean and dry, at least the small portion of it she could see in the flickering torchlight. Her view was blocked because a troll's cock was shoved halfway down her throat and it was next to impossible to see around the monster's large torso. She could see little more than the creature's gray-green skin and the bristle-like hair that covered most of its body.

It felt good to have the troll's sex organ in her mouth and down her throat. She had prided herself on being a good cocksucker while working her way through the palace and the Society of the Weeping Rose, but this was better than any of the men she had encountered before. Truly, the troll was vile, with cold, leathery skin, a round fat belly and a musky smell that while not all that unpleasant was distinctly not human. She had taught herself how to take overly large cocks into her throat without gagging but this was more than she had ever encountered before. It was so huge that she could barely breathe through her nose and her teeth scraped against the sensitive organ's skin for she couldn't get her lips to cover her teeth as human males liked. The troll didn't seem to mind, each scrape of rawness seemed to urge the beast onward.

But it wasn't just the cock in the mouth that made her happy. It was the one in her quim. It was huge. The exact size of the one she had trained her body to accept. She couldn't say for certain that the one insider her now was the model for the dildo she had used on herself, but it felt that way. She couldn't see the troll fucking her from behind, but that didn't matter. His organ was the perfect size for her abused cunt. 

It was then she realized her belly was no longer swollen with her pregnancy though her naked breasts still hung heavy and full. It was good to be used and abused this way; she couldn't think of it as rape any longer. How could she think of this mating ritual as rape if she enjoyed it so much? Was she reliving what she had already been through or was this something new? Where was the baby? She needed to cum, nothing else mattered right now. She needed to be filled with the too thick seed-fluid of the trolls. She needed to be carrying their offspring.

The trolls knew what she needed. She wanted to cum hard and be full of cock. The one fucking her from behind sensed this and knew what to do. A gob of spittle landed on the curved cheek of her ass and the troll wiped it with his thick, stubby fingers to cover her tight brown rosebud. She shivered with anticipation, ready to be violated with another huge cock, but instead the troll shoved his blunt finger into her tiny hole, hooking downward, searching to make her scream with pleasure.

It worked. Never before had she been so full of both pleasure and pain. It hurt in exactly the way she wanted making her scream out to announce her state of ecstasy.

She woke up from the dream screaming. It was the same scream she had uttered in pain and pleasure. Back in her bed she was curled up into a near-fetal position, wrapping herself around her ever-growing belly. Her hand was between her legs, manipulating her pleasure bud. Dev lay next to her, excitement in his eyes as he had been watching her masturbate.

"That was wonderful," he said, "Can you do it again?" His cock was erect and ready. It had only been a dream and Romina hadn't been satisfied by her fingers. She got up on her hands and knees and offered her raised ass to him.