 When she awoke, she sent a message to her servants not to attend her that morning, and then went downstairs to feed Agmar. Jeanette hurried to meet Chief Turogg, entering the main guest suite where he and the rest of the orcs were staying. In the light of dawn, Jeanette felt awkward being surrounded by the orcs that gangbanged her the night before. She felt their gaze on her as she searched for Chief Turogg, finally finding him in the largest room. "Good morning Chief Turogg, I've come as you requested."

Chief Turogg rose from the bed, the sheets falling off his body to reveal his nude form. Jeanette's gaze fell to his hanging cock as he approached her. "Hello Jeanette. It is good that you are here. But you are very overdressed." Chief Turogg looked down at her, then wrapped his muscular arms around Jeanette to pull at the string lacings tying the dress up, and then yanked it down off her shoulders.

Jeanette purred as the dress pooled at her feet, leaving her in her slip and undergarments. "Still overdressed, Jeanette." Jeanette stroked her fingertips over his pectoral muscles, caressing him gently as she looked up at him. "Strip completely; I have just the outfit for you to wear."

Jeanette stripped out of the rest of her clothes as Chief Turogg retrieved the outfit from the corner of the room. Jeanette could tell there wouldn't be much to it, and so deduced that they would not be going out again. When Chief Turogg returned, he handed her a leather vest and a long loin cloth that reached down to just above her knees. Jeanette tied the loincloth around her waist, and slipped her arms into the vest. The vest didn't close in the front, and only just barely covered her nipples when standing still.

Chief Turogg then wrapped a leather collar around her neck and slapped leather cuffs around her wrists and ankles. "There! Now you are dressed like a proper orc woman!" Jeanette meekly submitted to being cuffed and collared, her arousal growing from the degrading costume. "I'm pleased to wear the garb of your people, Chief Turogg."

Chief Turogg grinned and slid his hands beneath the vest to rub Jeanette's tits. "Today you will serve us. Your own servants don't come in here while we are all here. We need a woman to serve us our food and drink." He moved his hands from the vest and slapped her rear, pushing her towards the entrance to the suite where a platter of food had been left.

"What? You go too far Turogg! I am the Queen of this country, not some scullery maid!"

Chief Turogg laughed and pushed his hand between Jeanette's legs, pressing his thigh fingers against her wet folds. "You may be that, but you are also an orc slut! You are wet at the thought! You know you want to. Besides, after fucking every orc in that room, the least you can do is serve them breakfast!"

Jeanette shuddered as a rush of pleasure shot through her at the orc chieftain's touch. There was no denying his words, she was incredibly aroused. Even still, she couldn't just submit to this demeaning treatment. "T-that is beside the point..."

Chief Turogg grinned lustfully and slipped a finger inside Jeanette, stirring it around. As she moaned, Chief Turogg leant in for a whisper. "You are right, that is beside the point. You could always leave now in your loin cloth and vest and go and feed your orc-child. Of course, people may start to wonder about their Queen when they find out about it." As Jeanette's shoulders slumped, he pulled his finger out and gave her another nudge.

Jeanette sighed walked across the room to pick up the platter of food. For the moment she didn't have much choice except to comply, though she would find a way to get back at Chief Turogg for this. As she bent over, the loincloth draped over her bottom, hugging the curves of her ass and eliciting an appreciative whistle from one of the orcs. As she walked back to the dining table, the sway of her breasts made the leather vest open and expose them for the group's pleasure. Jeanette set the platter down on the middle of the table while the orcs stroked up her thighs, rubbed her ass and squeezed her tits.

Jeanette flushed hotly as the orcs took liberties with her body. Was this what servants went through, when attending to their duties? For all the powerlessness and humiliation she felt, it only made her more aroused at the sexual attention of the virile males. She knew that she shouldn't feel this way, that normal servants would be bothered and ashamed to be so assaulted by their employers, but she couldn't help it. When the orcs' hands slipped beneath the loincloth to caress over her slit, they found her wet and ready, which only encouraged them further.

After she had served their food and poured their drinks, Chief Turogg called her over to the head of the table where he was sitting. He pulled Jeanette down to her knees at his side, and guided her hand to his crotch. She smiled, and began rubbing his member through his pants as she pressed against his leg.

Her smile turned to a pout when she realized that Chief Turogg and the other orcs were going to ignore her. They ate, and spoke in the orc tongue while she knelt submissively at the Chief's side. No matter how enthusiastically she rubbed his now firm shaft, he continued to laugh and joke with the other orcs and didn't spare her another glance.

As Jeanette grew more annoyed, she realized that this is what is must be to be an orc woman. Orc women are property to their masters, and treated like interactive furniture. Even as her anger grew though, Jeanette didn't stop her attention to Chief Turogg. Eventually the Chief reached out to her, and stroked through Jeanette's hair. He gripped the back of the collar, and pulled her forward.

Jeanette crawled beneath the table as Chief Turogg tugged on the collar. She settled between his legs, rubbing his inner thighs as she nuzzled his bulging shaft with the side of her face through his pants. After a moment, she unlaced his breeches and freed the massive orc cock. Jeanette immediately began kissing and nuzzling the base, letting it slap gently against her nose and cheek as she licked, lapped, and nuzzled up and down its underside, tracing the curl of the ridges on his monstrously shaped dick.

Her hands wrapped around the head, squeezing it in her fist and lightly rubbing it with her palm as she worked her tongue around the bumps at its base. The orc's pubic hair tickled her nose, and the scent of his crotch inescapably filled her nose. The thick, musky scent wafted over her, enveloping her and consumed her senses, and made her world his cock. Her soft hands slid down the shaft, stroking and teasing it as she kissed down to his balls, licking and suckling on his nuts.

A thrill of excitement ran through her as she pleasured Chief Turogg beneath the table, while all the other orcs sat nearby. Even though this wasn't as "bad" as being gangbanged by the orcs the previous night, she still felt a rush of excitement at the notion that she was publically pleasuring Chief Turogg. The danger and risk of exposure thrilled her, and drove her to shower even more enthusiastic attention on the Chief's cock and balls.

Jeanette's hands caressed down the cock, then gently cupped Chief Turogg's balls, massaging them, and rolling them over her palms as she resumed rubbing her tongue along the loose skin of the orc's erection. Her mouth salivated at the prospect of stuffing her mouth with her lover's big dick. Her nipples tingled as her pleasure mounted. She grew more flushed, and imagined every word and laugh from the orcs above her was about her. In her mind, she heard them calling her a whore, a slut, the Queen of Cocksuckers and worse.

As her imagination went wild, she worked her way up to the head of the cock, teasing and twirling her tongue around the tip. Just as she wrapped her lips around the head, she heard a click. Jeanette froze in place as the door opened, and she heard some people come in. Before she could react further, Chief Turogg gripped the back of her head and pushed her down his shaft, plunging into her throat as he hilted his cock in her mouth.

Jeanette spluttered and coughed around his monstrous cock, trying to stifle the noises. She had fantasized about being caught, but this was too close for comfort. Even still, Chief Turogg didn't seem to have any intention of having her stop sucking his dick, or letting her sneak away. She worked her lips around the base of the cock while her throat palpitated around the shaft. Jeanette sucked as best she could without being able to move, until she began to lose focus as she struggled to breathe. 

When he finally released her neck, she pulled off the shaft and inhaled deeply. Luckily for Jeanette, the voices of the orcs at the table, and the newcomers to the room, were enough to drown out the sound of her panting while she caught her breath. Chief Turogg gave her collar another tug, making her face press into and rub against his wet cock. She nuzzled it tenderly, and then resumed squeezing and licking his member. 

As her arousal built again, she found herself able to suppress her worry over being caught. One hand started to stroke and rub her pussy, as the other jerked the base of his cock again. Jeanette wrapped her lips around the slanted head and sucked it eagerly, until a familiar human voice broke through the noise above. "It is inappropriate to have your entire retinue here, Chief Turogg. You yourself went to great lengths protesting the greater size of the human delegation to these talks, and now you flagrantly violate them yourself!" Jeanette stiffened and her eyes widened as she heard Frederick complain to Chief Turogg.

"We have agreed in principle to work together, Duke Frederick. Today we do not bargain, we talk." Chief Turogg chuckled a bit. "Besides, most of these here do not even speak your tongue." Chief Turogg nudged Jeanette to make her resume sucking on his cock. She swished her spittle around the head, and sucked and slurped the meat inside her mouth while doing her best to listen to the conversation above her.

"Queen Jeanette would not be pleased with this arrangement. We are supposed to be keeping these talks confidential. Not let everyone in your party know what we're doing!" Jeanette was glad for Frederick's anger, as it would keep him too distracted to realize that his Queen was on her knees sucking Chief Turogg's cock. "Oh yes, Duke Frederick, no doubt if Queen Jeanette were here, her mouth would be full! So many things to say!" Bodak burst out laughing, and then translated what the chief said for the others, who joined in. Jeanette flushed in embarrassment at the double entendre, but continued to suckle of the love stick despite her feelings.

Jeanette rubbed the cock against the sides of her mouth, then worked her tongue up and down the bump covered length as she started to bob up and down, fucking her face eagerly with the Chief's long cock. Chief Turogg released her, allowing her to do all the work while he listened to Sir Drake. "Chief Turogg is correct, Duke Haverset. The purpose of today's meeting is to discuss implementation. Chief Turogg, what is the makeup of the army you will provide?"

Chief Turogg stifled his grunts of pleasure while Jeanette expertly worked on his dick. "If you give enough horses, we will have twenty thousand horse warriors, and eighty thousand foot warriors. What do you bring to battle?"

Frederick glowered, but gave in to Chief Turogg and Sir Drake. "We have approximately five thousand mounted knights, five thousand archers, and fifty thousand foot soldiers. We should be able to collect enough horses to mount your warriors."

Jeanette slid down Chief Turogg's cock, and then sucked up the length. As she squeezed his balls and jerked the base of his cock, he came inside her mouth, flooding it with his hot seed. "Good! Good! This is what I like to hear. I am happy that we can work together in this fashion!" Chief Turogg lifted Jeanette off his cock, and then nudged her over towards Bodak. When she looked, she saw that Bodak had already freed his cock from his pants. 

Jeanette's heart sank as she realized that Chief Turogg wanted her to suck Bodak's cock as well. She crawled beneath the table to him and wrapped her lips around his familiar shaft, and began to suckle on the hot meat. She resumed rubbing her clit, trying to get some pleasure of her own if she was going to be forced to suck off Bodak as well.

"Who shall be the vanguard of the attack?" Sir Drake asked, his voice rather calm. Apparently he wasn't nervous to be surrounded by orcs, and was eager to assert himself in the discussion now that he had the opportunity. "Our forces should lead the vanguard to draw them in. The orcs should be kept in the rear for the surprise."

"What does this mean, vanguard?" Jeanette bobbed up and down on Bodak's cock while rubbing her clit furiously. As her arousal began to build towards a climax, she became even more enthusiastic in her sucking, and lost her objection to having to service Bodak as well. 

"The vanguard is the soldiers in the front of the fight. The ones who lead the rest of the army into battle." 

Bodak grinned at Sir Drake's words. "Then it should be us who lead the army into battle. We are the most numerous and the strongest." His words came out strained and tense from the pleasure of Jeanette's mouth wrapped around his member.

"That will defeat the whole purpose of keeping these negotiations secret! They will be expecting a small Zentaran army, if they see orcs they will be cautious, and not rush into a battle!" Frederick sounded exasperated as he tried to convince the orcs.

"It is silly to speak of this now. How we will fight will be decided by the way things are when we reach the battlefield. Until we know what that will be, we should keep ourselves ready to fight in anyway." Jeanette was glad that at least Chief Turogg was being reasonable. Before she could appreciate his level head any further, Bodak's head shot his load into her mouth. Jeanette wrapped her lips around the tip, sucking it all down into her stomach as she brought herself to her own climax with her fingers. When she started to come down from the climax, she fell back onto her butt and sat beneath the table to catch her breath. Bodak extended his foot, nudging and pushing against her. Jeanette turned her head to look, and saw that the orc seated next to Bodak had now pulled his shaft out and was stroking it expectantly.

Jeanette reluctantly crawled over to the next orc, noticing as she did so that all the orcs around the table had their cocks pulled out. Jeanette wrapped her lips around the next cock in line, and slid down the pole as she focused back in on the conversation.

"...there is no possible way that we can provide food in those sorts of quantities. It's not even harvest yet! Your people do not need that much food!" Frederick's voice cut through the slurping sound of her lips on the cock as they debated some new point.

"My people will be guests in your land. Will you not feed your guests? One hundred thousand warriors will be fighting your war, and you begrudge them food in their bellies?" Jeanette could hear his angry voice, which gave her pause. Her attention was quickly brought back to the orc, who thrust his hips and stabbed the back of Jeanette's throat with the head of the shaft.

Jeanette sucked the next two orc dicks quickly, adding their hot seed to the growing pool in her belly. Her knees and back ached from the constant crawling, but she continued her work diligently. She had difficulty keeping track of the ongoing conversation as she moved from penis to penis, servicing Chief Turogg's men. Her oral skills, honed in the brothel, were more than enough to bring the randy orcs to quick completion in her mouth.

Jeanette moved through the rest of the orcs as quick as she could, until she was left kneeling at Chief Turogg's feet, waiting for the discussion to break so she could make her escape from the room. Without her moderating the discussion, the meeting became pointless bickering between the orcs and Frederick. Sir Drake tried to be the moderator, but mostly sought to make concessions for the orcs in the name of peace.

The meeting ended inconclusively, and Frederick and Sir Drake left the guest suite. Jeanette tried to rise, but Chief Turogg held down her shoulder, keeping her kneeling on the floor for several more moments to reinforce her subservient position. When he finally allowed her to rise, he commanded her to clear the table before finally allowing her to put her dress back on.

"Well Jeanette? Do you enjoy being an orc 'wife'?" Chief Turogg laughed playfully. "You do the job very well. One wouldn't even be able to tell you were not born to be one."

"If all orc women are like that, then it is a wonder your people prey on human women at all. If one orc woman is capable of satisfying ten orc men in under two hours, why do your people ever leave camp?"

Chief Turogg laughed even louder at that. "Well said, Jeanette. But you human women are so delightfully tight, as well as much softer to push against. I like your pussy better than any of my women slaves."

Jeanette's expression darkened at that. "You have orc 'wives' back with your people?"

"Well of course, Jeanette. What do you expect? Do not look so jealous. I am with you now, yes?" Chief Turogg grinned widely. "Now, get going. You do not want to be missed, do you?" Jeanette glowered at the orc, but still left, striding out of the room to return to Agmar.

Jeanette held one hand to her stomach, which felt upset from the massive volume of cum that she was forced to swallow. When she arrived in Agmar's room, she found Susannah there playing with the boy. Jeanette smiled as she saw Agmar laugh at Susannah's antics. "You're good with him, Susannah. You'll be a wonderful mother when you get married."

Susannah rose and gave Jeanette a big smile. "Your Highness! Good morning!" Susannah carried Agmar to Jeanette, passing off the child. Jeanette accepted Agmar so he could be fed again. "I'm so happy you decided to spend more time with him. He missed you."

"Yes, well, I missed him too, Susannah." Jeanette smiled down at her suckling babe, rocking him gently.

"I am glad that you decided to spend more time with him, Your Highness, but may I ask, what changed your mind?" Susannah looked curiously at Jeanette. Jeanette's heart suddenly leapt to her throat, and the truth danced on the tip of her tongue. She considered the sudden urge to confide in her trusted friend, and finally gave in to it.

"Oh Susannah, I have something to tell you. A secret I've been keeping..." Jeanette hedged a moment, hesitating to speak. Susannah crossed the room with a look of concern on her face, and reached out to touch Jeanette's arm. Jeanette looked over at Susannah and blurted out, "I've been having an affair with Chief Turogg!"

Susannah gasped, dropping her hand from Jeanette's arm. Her mouth gaped open as she stared at Jeanette in shock. "What! Jeanette, why? What happened? What were you thinking?"

Jeanette winced at Susannah's reaction. "I don't know! It just happened...well, he found out about Agmar...he used that as leverage to get me alone with him. He said that I obviously liked orc men, and when he...made an advance I couldn't resist him." Jeanette flushed with embarrassment at her weakness.

"I...I just cannot believe this, Jeanette. After what happened to you, for him to attack you as well! These orcs are terrible! How can you invite them here?"

"It wasn't like that, Susannah. He didn't force me, I wanted it..." Jeanette looked down at Agmar, smiling sadly at her baby. How could she make Susannah understand why she wanted it without revealing that she had willingly been with the orcs in the first place?

"You wanted it? I don't understand..." Susannah looked at Jeanette in confusion.
