 Jeanette sat stiffly at her vanity as her servants prepared her for the coronation. Because the dress for the occasion had been specially made, the seamstress joined with her usual servants to assist in putting it on the soon to be Queen. Jeanette's own servants braided and styled her hair, then applied red lipstick and blue eyeliner to her face. Her cheeks were tinted with rouge, and her finger and toe nails were also reddened. Heeding the instructions she received, she also ordered her servants to pluck out her body hair, leaving her bare and smooth from the neck down. If her servants were surprised by the command, they didn't show it, and carried out the orders dutifully.

Once she was ready, her own personal servants were dismissed and the seamstress and her assistants entered to dress her. Jeanette's heart pounded in her dress as they began readying the fabrics, shoes and jewelry that made up the outfit. She knew the dress had been designed by Chief Turogg, who had collaborated in some way with Sir Drake to get her to wear it. She didn't think that boded well, but also trusted that it couldn't be anything too outrageous, given the public nature of the ceremony.

The staff was mostly silent, giving only quiet commands to move this way or that so they could dress her. They didn't meet her eyes, and Jeanette didn't know if they thought this dress was her idea or not. First, they slipped the white, thigh high sheer silk stockings up Jeanette's long legs. She then stepped into a pair of white leather pumps, with tall, six inch high heels strapped on with a string of pearls which wound around her ankles. 

The next piece of the outfit was a pair of thin, silky white bikini briefs which tied together on each side of her hips. The gusset of the panties barely covered her slit, and left a sliver of her labia exposed on each side. Similarly, the back of it barely covered the crack of her ass, and left generous portions of each cheek exposed.

The dress itself was not really a dress. It was made from the sheer white silk cloth she had purchased from the orc merchant so many months ago. It was sewn into a bustier which ran from just over her navel into cups which lifted her breasts up and pushed them into a deep cleavage. The fabric of the cups were double folded, which prevented it from being so sheer that it exposed her nipples, though the placement left the tops of her breasts exposed. Her waist and back were not so fortunate, being left exposed through the gauzy material. The bustier had four garters, two on the front and two on the back, which tied to the silk stockings to keep them up. The servants next wrapped a golden belly chain around her waist, letting it rest just above her hips. Around her neck they fastened a string of pink hued pearls, centered on a large, walnut sized pearl, and then smaller ones in descending order until the last was the size of a raisin.

Another stretch of the fabric had been fashioned into silk gloves, which ran all the way up to her biceps. The outfit was completed with two more strips of sheer silk hanging off the golden belly chain, forming a loin cloth over her front and back sides which extended down to her ankles.

The outfit was more scandalous than she had imagined possible, and as she looked at herself in the mirror she was shocked and appalled that Sir Drake and Chief Turogg could think she would be able to wear this in a public ceremony. Although the seamstress looked at her body admiringly for how she filled it out, the other women who assisted her could not bring their eyes to look on the indecently exposed woman. 

Jeanette had to admit to herself that she looked sexy, and the idea of wearing it publically secretly thrilled and excited her. But her mind rebelled against the idea of turning herself into a sex object for the masses to leer at. She tried to think of ways to get out of it, though by now the ceremony was about to begin, and there wasn't time to find a new dress. Besides, even if she did, she knew she would be punished by Chief Turogg, and her secret possibly revealed which would cause more problems than simply wearing the dress.

Jeanette finally gave in to the idea of wearing the dress, and allowed the seamstress to cover her in a fur cloak she could wear while travelling to the starting point of the ceremony, allowing her dress to remain hidden until the big reveal.

Jeanette left the castle by the servant's entrance, and climbed into a waiting covered wagon which would take her through the city. Her heart pounded and her chest tightened as trepidation of the upcoming public exposure gnawed at her insides. Her stomach was in butterflies as she imagined thousands of eyes devouring her flesh.

As she rode in the wagon through the city, she peeked out though the covering and saw that crowds were already lining the streets. It seemed as if the entire city had appeared to watch the ceremony. No one would miss her march through the streets in the revealing 'gown'. Jeanette hated how the idea of exposure, despite tying her stomach in knots, also made her nipples hard and caused her to moisten. These physical signs of arousal would not help the leering looks she was already going to receive from wearing this dress.

The wagon eventually made its way to the city gate where the ceremony would start. Outside, there was a formation of the royal guard who would march along the sides of the street as she processed through the city. Also waiting for her there was Daniels and another footman, who would walk behind her to bestow alms or favors at her direction along the way.

She was left to consider the upcoming march while waiting for the procession to begin. The more she thought of every set of eyes in the city on her, the more aroused she became. Many of these would be the same people she visited with in the slums, people who had known her for years. They would see her now, not as the innocent, childish princess they knew, but as a grown, adult, sexually aware woman. Jeanette giggled softly to herself at that. As an unmarried woman, she was supposed to be virginal, but she doubted anyone would still believe that after seeing her today. That thought also sent a shiver of excitement through her.

Daniels opened the back of the wagon and poked his head in. "It's time, Your Highness." Jeanette climbed down, shaking slightly as she exited the wagon. This is it, she thought. Daniels pulled the cloak off her shoulders and set it in the wagon. When he turned back around and saw what she was wearing, he gasped. Jeanette flushed deeply at the sound, and could feel his eyes drinking in her partially exposed backside, as well as the curves of her hips and legs. She hadn't considered it before, but she would be in close proximity to Daniels and the other footman the entire way. They would get to enjoy the dress from up close. Then Jeanette remembered yesterday how she had promised to visit all the minor feasts in the city after the major one in the castle. She would be up close with everyone in this dress before the day was over.

Jeanette looked back, and saw Daniels avert his eyes from her. He was blushing, and Jeanette could tell that he wanted to say something, but didn't have the nerve. Jeanette steeled herself, held her head high, and began marching through the city. As soon as she passed through the gates and came into view of the crowd, a murmuring began that rippled through the city, becoming a roar. Trumpeters began to play, though the noise didn't suppress the noise of the crowd. Jeanette raised her hand, waving to the people on either side of the street, giving them a big smile. The crowd began to cheer, and she relaxed somewhat. 

She could still feel their eyes boring into her, but at least for the moment the distance between them and her was great enough that they would not get too good a look at her body. That would change the further she moved from the gate, when the roads would become narrower and the crowd packed tighter around her.

As the crowd grew nearer to her, Jeanette began to see the reactions of the people. Most of the men were aroused at the sight of their queen as a sexual being. They reached out to touch her, and if not for the soldiers on the side of the road, they would probably be able to. The women had more of a mixed reaction. Some were envious of her figure and beauty, others disgusted by the wanton costume. Some even seemed impressed that Jeanette had the confidence to wear such a revealing outfit. When Jeanette realized that the crowd was not going to riot, or start screaming expletives at her and calling her a whore, she relaxed and began to enjoy the parade even more. Although walking with the high heels on the cobblestone road was brutal on her feet, it gave her more height to view the people, and to be viewed. 

Whenever Jeanette turned to the footmen to order them to distribute some coins to the crowd, she saw them avert their eyes from her backside. She also noticed that they were walking 'stiffly', trying to hide the erections straining against their pants. It made her want to giggle, but she was able to control herself and not acknowledge their reactions, which would have only embarrassed them and made her seem like a loose woman. Well, the dress already made her seem like a loose woman, so an even looser one then.

Jeanette's heart began to beat faster as she got closer to the castle. Now she would start seeing more noble families, people that were closer to her own class, and whom she had dined and talked with. Their reaction would be harder to judge, and her exposure would feel more humiliating to them. Jeanette also observed the greater contrast in their dresses. The noble women had layers upon layers of clothing on. They probably had more fabric in the skirt of the dress than Jeanette had covering her entire body. Jeanette also noticed that they looked significantly more uncomfortable than she felt, even in her heels. She was lucky with the weather today, being quite warm and sunny. It felt wonderful on her exposed skin; the noblewoman looked flushed and overheated in their many layers of clothing.

Jeanette passed between the noble families and crossed the bridge leading into the castle. She ascended the stairs leading into the central keep, gaining access to the throne room. Trumpets blasted again to signal her arrival. Jeanette paused for a moment at the entrance to the great hall. When the trumpets stopped, a choir took up a song, signaling Jeanette to complete her walk to the throne. When she was seated on the throne, Sir Drake stepped forward. "All hail Queen Jeanette Grennally, daughter of Rolf, supreme sovereign of the Kingdom of Zentara. Your Highness, in the name of your people, accept the symbols of your sovereign power over Zentara."

The small daughter of Duke Vender stepped forward. "Your Highness, please accept this ring on behalf of the children of Zentara. May you lead us into prosperity." The girl slid the ruby ring onto Jeanette's finger, then kissed the stone and curtsied before stepping back again. She was followed by the son of Duke Welton. "Your Highness, take the royal scepter, let it be a symbol of your strength and power." Jeanette smiled up at Susannah's brother as she took the scepter. She noticed his blush, and followed his gaze down to her exposed cleavage as he looked down her dress. Her eyes then caught sight of the bulge in his trousers as he stepped away from her again.

Chief Turogg then walked forward, a swagger in his step and a wide grin on his lips. "Queen Jeanette, in the name of friendship between our peoples, accept the royal collar, it is a symbol of your justice, and the respect your people have for you. May your reign be long and just." Chief Turogg leaned forward, removing the pearl necklace. After slipping it into his pocket, he clasped the thick golden collar he gave her on their second meeting. As it snapped around her neck, Jeanette reflected on Chief Turogg's words. The idea of the orc chief bestowing a royal emblem on her could suggest that her power came from the orcs, and the imagery of the orc collaring the queen could be misconstrued as well.

Jeanette glanced out toward the audience, who though confused at the inclusion of the orc chief, did not seem to read any deeper meaning from the display. Still, Jeanette remembered that this was Sir Drake's idea, and it was another indicator that there was some connection between the two that she was unaware of. Jeanette looked up at Chief Turogg again, and could see that he too was enjoying the view down the front of the dress. His bulge was much larger than Susannah's brother, and he was not reticent at all about thrusting it into her face.

The collar prevented her from moving her head much, forcing her to look straight out into the crowd. She lost sight of Chief Turogg when he receded, and did not see Sir Drake at all when he approached. "Your Highness, I present to you the crown of Zentara. It symbolizes the office of Queen, and represents the sacred trust emplaced upon you to lead your people. Wear it with honor." Sir Drake set the crown upon her head. The crown was fashion of gold. Instead of the usual points of the crown, it instead consisted of a thick band supporting three figures. Each figure was of a naked woman, though the shape was not detailed enough to be considered explicit. The figure on each side of her head carried a sword and coin respectively, while the figure centered on her forehead carried the scales of justice. It was an unusual crown, but suitable for a Queen of Zentara. Each figure represented an aspect of her office, and made the crown the centerpiece of all the royal emblems, standing above them, yet linking them together into a symbol of her reign. When Sir Drake stepped away, she rose from the throne and approached the edge of the raised dais to address the assembled nobles.

"These are momentous times for Zentara. For the first time in a hundred years, we are on the cusp of war. It is not a war of our making, nor one we sought. We have always been a peaceful people, interested in shared prosperity through peaceful, mutually beneficial trade. This conflict is being thrust upon us by the aggressive, and hostile ambitions of Heste. This is not the first time they have threatened us, or attempted to bully us. Heste has always been jealous of our prosperity, of our rich, lush earth and hardworking people. Their aggression has always been held in check by our good friends in Thesta and Sandora, who share our love of peace. The assistance we've gratefully received from our friends has been curtailed by a lack of communication between Thesta, Sandora, and our new friends in the orc tribes. Thanks to the recent cultivation of that friendship, I am pleased to announce that this lack of communication has been rectified, and there is no longer any obstacle toward receiving their assistance again."

Jeanette paused here as the assembled nobility clapped, and to allow the heralds repeating her words for the crowds outside to catch up with her. She wondered how many spies Heste had in the crowd who would carry her words back to King Connor and Duke Gilbert. Well, if they did, they would carry the wrong message back, thanks to her little bit of subterfuge. Jeanette looked from side to side of the hall, trying to gauge the reactions of the upper crust of Zentaran society. Many of the men averted their eyes from her, apparently more interested in her body and dress than in what she was saying. That was unfortunate, but couldn't be avoided she supposed. A good portion of the men and the women did listen avidly to what she was saying however, and were taking her seriously. 

"Even with the assistance of our friends, I do not want war. I do not want to baptize my reign in the blood of my people. I want peace. I want to continue the peaceful tradition of my forefathers, and engage in commerce with Heste, to the benefit of both our people. But I cannot shy away from conflict either. Already, Hesten soldiers have crossed into our lands and butchered our people. The brave men of Zentara have already marched to defend our frontier, and to prevent any further incursions by these criminals. Even still, I have not abandoned the hope for peace. As our fathers and brothers and sons stand vigil for our protection, I still intend to extend a hand of friendship to Heste, and find a way for our peoples to achieve peace. With the help of Thesta and Sandora, I believe we can."

The audience applauded again, and Jeanette noticed that more of the men were paying attention to her words now. For a moment, Jeanette felt bad that she was lying to them. She had no intention of sincerely pursuing peace with Heste. It had come much too far for that. With the aid of Chief Turogg's tribe, she could end the threat Heste posed once and for all. Now that Zentara had the advantage, she had no intention of relenting.

"The peace following the conclusion of our conflict with will be the cornerstone of my reign. On this peace, I will build the future prosperity of our people. The settling of these great issues will allow for increased trading opportunities throughout the Westlands, and into the Angrian March. It will usher in a new era for all the people of these lands, an era of peace, prosperity, and culture. By putting aside out conflicts, we can focus our treasure on fostering the arts, on improving our cities and towns, and developing new techniques to ease the burdens on our people. Today, before all of you, I dedicate my reign to peace, prosperity, and progress!"

Jeanette's speech was met with thunderous ovation in the hall, and as the heralds concluded repeating it, a great roar could be heard throughout the city, followed by the ringing of bells and the sounding of horns. Jeanette returned to her throne and sat down as Sir Drake stepped forward again. "Your Highness, Ladies and Gentlemen, let the festivities begin!"

An army of servants appeared in the hall, and in a flash, tables laden with food and drinks were set, and the guests seated. Throughout the city, tables were uncovered and the party inaugurating Jeanette's reign began. Jeanette sat at the head table on her throne, flanked by Sir Drake and Chief Turogg. As Frederick and Bodak had left the city, neither was present at the table as had originally been planned. Jeanette looked over at Chief Turogg, she thought about his upcoming visit to her quarters that night. A shiver coursed through her at the thought. She was already quite excited from her exposure to the people of the city, and with the pleasure associated with being crowned, a visit from Chief Turogg was just the thing to cap off a perfect evening.

Jeanette's position at the table made her difficult to approach, though she could tell that several people wanted to, both male and female. Jeanette knew that many of the women wanted to talk to her about the daring outfit she was wearing and how she got the nerve to show it off in public. The men, she thought, just wanted an excuse to come over and see her up close.

Eventually one clever man used the excuse of thanking Chief Turogg for his cooperation as an excuse to approach the head table. While he was conversing with the orc, however, his gaze flitted over to Jeanette, drinking in the details of her exposed body up close. Jeanette smiled softly to herself, letting him gaze over her body. He would probably be thinking of her tonight, when he was with his wife, or by himself. It would be Chief Turogg who would get to have her. Others soon began to follow the example of the first man and approach in order to talk to Chief Turogg or Sir Drake. When enough had gathered around the table, Jeanette decided to have some fun with them, and rose from the throne to visit the other tables, visiting with their wives while they were stuck with the increasingly uncomfortable Chief Turogg.
