 In the intervening weeks, riders from Thesta and Sandora arrived, confirming their Kingdoms' assent to the agreement set forth between Jeanette and the ambassadors. With that in place, Jeanette felt even more confident and hopeful that she would succeed in this endeavor, and achieve great success that would greatly enhance the power and prestige of her Kingdom.

Jeanette spent more time with Chief Turogg, during the day. After negotiations, he would assist her in the preparations for the campaign, meeting with smiths or fletchers or inspecting horses. As Susannah got more comfortable around him, she also began going with them, and interacting more with Jeanette's orc lover. Daniels also continued to join them on these expeditions, and while at first he seemed discomforted to have the queen seen with an orc, he too grew used to his presence.

Chief Turogg continued to visit her at night, spending hours with her making love in various positions and all over the room. It continued to be exhilarating, exciting, and enchanting. It did not grow common, or old, or boring. It stayed new and fresh, even night after night. Despite his words, threats, and inclinations however, Jeanette had not yet conceived a child with him. She was thankful, but also disappointed in a way. The thought of having Chief Turogg's child was as exciting for her as it was terrifying.

As the day of their departure approached, Jeanette got more and more excited. Though she had been on tours of the Kingdom before, it hadn't been as Queen. Nor had she ever traveled with an army or gone to war. Though she herself would not be fighting, she intended to stay close to the soldiers to inspire them with her presence and share the hardships of the campaign, at least up until the fighting started.

The beginning of the campaign would also mark the end of negotiations with Chief Turogg. There was supposed to be a signing ceremony prior to departure, and Jeanette was eager to see what the agreement was. Of course, she was worried that she was not yet privy to it, and might not be until the actual signing. That could not bode well for whatever Chief Turogg and Sir Drake were planning.

Near the end of the six week period, Jeanette was once again called upon to serve Chief Turogg and his retinue in the guest suite of the castle. She was clad in her loincloth, vest, cuffs, and collar with the addition of a chain leash attached it that Chief Turogg held. After she served them breakfast, Jeanette cleared the table, removing all the chairs except at both ends and placing them against each wall. When she was done, Chief Turogg sat on one end with Jeanette kneeling at his feet beneath the table. 

Jeanette could feel a tension in the air, and her heart began to beat faster. Something was up, but she did not yet know what it was. Jeanette didn't have to wait too long until there was a knock on the door, and Sir Drake was announced. He entered the room, and stood at the opposite end of the table from Chief Turogg. "Good morning, Chief Turogg. It is gratifying to be here today, after so long, to conclude our negotiations." Jeanette wondered what he meant; surely she would have been told if this was the end? Sir Drake continued, "Is the Queen ready?" 

Jeanette tensed as her heart froze. "Of course she is, Sir Drake." Chief Turogg tugged on the leash as he rose, pulling Jeanette onto her feet. She flushed, humiliated as she was presented to Sir Drake. He leered at her exposed body, scantily clad in the costume of an orc slave. "Perfect. Just perfect. Now we are ready to begin." Jeanette was too stunned to speak as Sir Drake presented a long scroll to her, and then unrolled it on the table in front of her. "These are the terms of our alliance with Chief Turogg, Your Highness." Jeanette could see him look inside her vest, getting a clear view of her breasts as he placed the parchment on the table. She stared blankly as Chief Turogg placed her in front of him, her hands on the table as he pressed his body against her from behind. "Read it." His voice was sterner, commanding as his hands ran down her sides, gripping her hips, stroking her exposed rear before fishing out his cock from his trousers.

Jeanette's heart raced as she realized that Chief Turogg was about to fuck her right here, in front of Sir Drake. What was he thinking? Sir Drake was obviously not surprised at her attire or predicament, and was apparently working even closer with Chief Turogg than she suspected. "Aaaah!" Jeanette moaned out loud as she felt Chief Turogg's monstrous cock slide inside her, closing her eyes a moment to enjoy the feeling. When she opened them, she saw Sir Drake staring at her, unbridled lust shining in his eyes.

"Her Highness, Jeanette Grennally, Queen of the Kingdom of Zentara, and Turogg, Chief of the Goltenak Tribe, after due consideration and in the spirit of amity and friendship, agree to the following points:

"1. Chief Turogg will be awarded the Boronian Forest, with rights to all streams, rivers, lumber, minerals, and game, with permission to build one castle and up to three walled cities for the settlement of his people. Zentara will also pay to Chief Turogg one hundred thousand gold marks to pay for the clearing of land and the construction of buildings."

Jeanette's reading began to get more husky and ragged and Chief Turogg pumped into her faster, getting her hotter and more aroused. She glanced up to see Sir Drake rubbing himself through his trousers as he watched Jeanette get fucked. As embarrassed as she was, she felt the same liberating feeling she had when she first confessed of the affair to Susannah. It felt good, and right, that someone else knew.

"2. The Goltenak Tribe will provide one hundred thousand warriors under Chief Turogg's command for the campaign against Heste. 

3. Zentara will arm and feed the Goltenak warriors for the duration of the campaign. Zentara will provide twenty thousand horses for the Goltenak warriors to ride. Zentara will pay for all provisions and necessary expenses accrued during the service of the Goltenak warriors to Zentara.

4. All land seized from Heste during the course of the campaign will be awarded to Chief Turogg. Chief Turogg will have the right to establish fiefs and name lords within these lands at his discretion."

Chief Turogg slipped his hand inside Jeanette's vest, squeezing her breast and pulling it free from the garment so Sir Drake could more clearly see what was happening. Jeanette's mind swam, making it harder to concentrate on reading the treaty. Her pussy was throbbing like mad around Chief Turogg's corkscrewed cock, and she knew that it wouldn't be long before Sir Drake saw her cum from being fucked by an orc. 

Her toes dug into the ground as she braced herself, starting to moan between sentences as she rocked her hips, grinding back into the orc's thrusts eagerly. The slapping of his hips to her ass punctuated the pauses of her recitation.

"In order to seal this agreement, and permanently bind Zentara and the Goltenak Tribe in peace and friendship, Jeanette Grennally, Queen of Zentara, and Turogg, Chief of the Goltenak Tribe agree to the following provisions, to be kept secret until the conclusion of the campaign:

1. Queen Jeanette and Chief Turogg will be wed, to forever bind their causes together as one."

Jeanette groaned as she read the sentence, her heart exploding in a frenzy of rapid beats. How could she be married to Chief Turogg? How could that be accepted?

"2. Queen Jeanette will bear Chief Turogg's children, who shall be heirs to the throne in primogeniture succession.

3. Sovereign power shall be conferred onto Chief Turogg, who will reign over Zentara as King and co-ruler."

Jeanette's stomach tightened in knots at the last point. She was to transfer the crown to Chief Turogg? He was to lead Zentara? How could she give her family's throne to him, to an orc? Chief Turogg leaned over her shoulder, nibbling on her ear. "Say you agree, Jeanette...agree to become mine, agree to bear my children and seat them on the throne..." Chief Turogg began to thrust in harder, smacking her backside with each movement. His actions made Jeanette cry out louder than ever in pleasure. "Nnng! Ah! Yes! Yes yes yes!" Jeanette wasn't crying out merely from pleasure, nor did his fucking her dull her mind and coerce her to agree. She did want to be his. She wanted all the provisions; she just didn't know if she could bear the public scorn and shame which would be heaped upon her for agreeing to it.

"Then sign it, Jeanette. Sign your name with mine and it will be so!" Jeanette picked up the quill and scribbled her name at the bottom of the scroll. As she did so, Chief Turogg gave a great cry and shot his seed inside her. With the finality of her signature, and her submission to Chief Turogg complete, her own pleasure was finally released and she exploded in climax as the ecstasy of her union with her lover washed over her. Afterwards she collapsed down onto the table, panting heavily as Chief Turogg took the quill from her to sign his own name, ratifying the treaty.

With the successful conclusion of the negotiations and the signing of the treaty, all was ready for Chief Turogg and Jeanette to depart the city and meet with the Zentaran army in the field, and unite with the orc forces already marching through the Kingdom. It would take two weeks to reach the Zentaran force. If the orcs were not far at that point, they could move quickly to contain the Hestan threat and bring this war to a conclusion. While Jeanette was enthused to go on campaign along with her soldiers, she regretted that it would be necessary to leave Agmar behind, though of course she could not bring a baby along to war.

When Jeanette and Chief Turogg left the city, he had a present for her. Chief Turogg had made a leather breastplate for Jeanette to wear while she was in the field. The leather armor was a light beige, and form fitting. It was molded to the shape of her breasts, and detailed even down to the shape of her nipples and navel. From a distance, it would probably seem as if she were naked. She knew this was another one of Chief Turogg's games, to put her on display as they traveled through the Kingdom. She did not overly mind; the armor was nowhere near as revealing as the coronation dress, and that went over well enough.

The hundred orcs who accompanied Chief Turogg to Ruar served as an escort for the food, horses, and weapons that were collected in the capital for the past six weeks. Even though there was a large human contingent with the supplies, Jeanette spent most of her time at the head of the column with Chief Turogg. This gave her the opportunity to speak with him in private and at great length without attracting the speculation it might have back in the castle. With Jeanette and Chief Turogg riding astride, it was easy for them to talk quietly and privately.

"How long have you and Sir Drake been working together, Chief Turogg?" He gave Jeanette a long look, trying to gauge where she was going with this line of questioning. "You needn't look so concerned, I'm not really angry, and I don't blame you. But you, of all people, should know that a scribble on a piece of paper is not going to make you king. This is going to require hard work, persuasion, and I need to know all the pieces to the puzzle if I am going to put this together."

"He approached me right after I entered the city. He said he could help me with the negotiations if I helped him return to your good graces."

"How did he know we were going to be negotiating?"

"I do not know, he already knew when he first approached me." Chief Turogg grinned. "He did not believe at first the rest of it, about you sleeping with orcs." The large orc laughed again. "But after he showed me that passage into your quarters, and saw me with you that first night, he surely did!" Jeanette blushed a bit at the thought that all their nights together in her room, Sir Drake was hiding in that passage watching her. 

"I'm sure he enjoyed that. He always did have a 'fondness' for me." Jeanette's voice was tight and her response curt. She had been thinking of her nights with Chief Turogg as being special, an intimacy between her and him. She had thought that the game of her submission was for their enjoyment. Well, obviously the other orcs were in on it as well, but that didn't count. Now she found out that all along Sir Drake was involved, a human from her court was involved. It changed things for her in a way she couldn't really describe.

"He did, Jeanette. He told me that he had thought of you many times, but they were nothing compared to seeing you with me!" Chief Turogg looked pleased and proud of that fact, a look that made her smile. "No doubt he did, Chief Turogg. No doubt. When did you begin conspiring for the throne?" 

"Not at first. At first it was as I said, trying to find the best deal for my people. But after we spent so much time together, and once Duke Frederick was removed from the talks, things went much easier for us with Sir Drake doing the talking. Given how well we were suited, and how eager you are for my children, it seemed like the natural way to proceed." Chief Turogg grinned and reached across to touch Jeanette's thigh, stroking up a moment before pulling his hand back. "Can you deny that?"

Jeanette looked away from him for a moment. She couldn't deny that they were well suited. "I think it is you who are eager for me to have your children, Chief Turogg." The orc laughed again. "Oh? I must have dreamed that you poured your little potion out on the floor and threw the vial away." Jeanette flushed and got heated. "You made me do that!"

"I just told you to, Jeanette. I didn't force you. You did that, for me."

"Well, either way, now we have to deal with the consequences. I have to make you acceptable to the Zentaran people. They will be reluctant to acknowledge an orc as a King, or as a husband for their Queen." Jeanette snapped back churlishly. Like she said, she wasn't mad about how things turned out. She was just hurt that it was done as a conspiracy against her, rather than a natural and spontaneous union.

"I do not see why, Jeanette. Your are Queen, and you made the agreement. I am strong and have much power. There is nothing for them to speak against." Chief Turogg looked genuinely confused that there might be opposition. Apparently Sir Drake was not completely honest about the resistance he might face from this plan. This could be useful in driving a wedge between them.

"I do not think Sir Drake was completely honest with you about this plan, Chief Turogg. There is much more to it than that. Governing a Kingdom is not the same as leading a tribe. There are tax rates to manage, trade with other Kingdoms, you have to draft laws to govern the Kingdom, listen to the petitions of the people and solve their problems. Remember the conversation we had with the elven trader? The list goes on and on. In addition to being able to do all that, the people have to trust you to do it. I am sorry, but the Zentaran people are going to have difficulty trusting any foreigner, but most particularly an orc, to do that. I am surprised Sir Drake did not go over this with you."

Chief Turogg furrowed his brow as he listened to Jeanette. "Sir Drake said there were details like that, but that they were small and unimportant."

Jeanette laughed softly. "Of course he did, Chief Turogg, because he wants to do them. As you said, he wants to be back in favor, and to get his old power back. He wants you to trust him with governing the Kingdom so he has all the power and you are a figurehead."

Chief Turogg bristled at that, growing angry. "Is that so? Are you sure? He has treated me fairly and true through all our dealings."

"Only because you would be giving him what he wants. I have known him a long time, Chief Turogg. There is a reason I removed him from his position and sent him away. He is clever and good at his job, but he is not content to be a servant. He wants all the power, even if he doesn't sit on the throne himself." Jeanette watched Chief Turogg's reactions to her words. He was certainly troubled, but maybe not entirely convinced. Still, it was a start to separating him from Sir Drake's influence.

"What do you think I will need to be acceptable to your people?" Chief Turogg was interested in the response, though it was easy to see he was insulted that he needed to do anything at all. "That is a good question, and it is something I have been considering since we left the city. The first thing, I think, is to do what you do best." Jeanette smiled at him. "Fight the Hestans. Display your strength and bravery for all to see. Crush them, bring Zentara victory, and the people will already be disposed to like you."

"I can do that. It won't even be hard. You should have mentioned that on the list of responsibilities for a King." Chief Turogg grinned widely, looking a little more cheerful now. "That is the smallest part of the King's duties, Chief Turogg. We are a peaceful people. We concern ourselves with trade and wealth, not war and conquest."

"That will change, Jeanette. With my people living in this Braden, we will continue the old ways. They will raid Heste as they have raided the other human kingdoms. Your people will get to see their King in action on a regular basis."

"It will be hard for me to produce all the children I'm obligated to under our treaty if you're out raiding villages, Chief Turogg." Jeanette tried to remain patient with him. She was already beginning to see that this arrangement wasn't going to work. Perhaps that was for the best, though. Yes, she could marry him, but he couldn't be King, in the sense that he would rule. She would have to bear all the responsibility as Queen. Then she could continue her program for Zentara, and have Chief Turogg.

Chief Turogg scoffed and gave her another grin. "Don't you worry about that Jeanette! Keeping you full with child will be the least of my concerns." 

"Will it? And what will my concerns be Chief Turogg? What did you and Sir Drake have planned for me in your new Kingdom?" Jeanette gave Chief Turogg another hard look, and he deflated slightly under the gaze.

"You would be the mother of the Kingdom, in addition to that of our children. You would be an example for all the women of the Kingdom."

"Did you really think that would work? I'm not one of your orc slave girls, Chief Turogg, for all you might dress me up as one. You are going to have a choice to make Chief Turogg, on whose help you want to run this Kingdom: Me, or Sir Drake. You saw in the city how the people of the city feel about me. You will see on this campaign how the rest of the Kingdom does. You should use that, My Chief." Jeanette spurred the horse forward and rode ahead of Chief Turogg, to leave him to think about what they said.

Jeanette's words proved prophetic as their journey progressed. Commoners lined the road to watch them ride by, cheering and waving at their Queen and staring in wonder and curiosity at the orcs. The orcs in general seemed bemused at the attention. Chief Turogg kept them on a tight leash while the moved through the Zentaran countryside, to prevent them from raping and pillaging their human allies. Large throngs appeared in every town to greet her, and feasts and festivals were thrown to honor the Queen's arrival. She wondered if they would ever cheer for Agmar this way. Then she realized that it would be her children with Chief Turogg they would be cheering for, if they cheered at all. Poor Agmar, even if he was her first born, was going to be shunted aside in favor of the legitimate children with Chief Turogg. Something else would have to be done for him.

At every opportunity Jeanette extolled the bravery, courage, and virtues of their orc allies, especially those of Chief Turogg. Jeanette thought she gave some of her finest speeches on these occasions. She spoke so highly of the orcs that she wouldn't have been surprised if some of them got lucky before they moved on, and found willing women to spread their legs for them.
