 Jeanette stayed awake all night as she rode through the lines. She was too nervous and excited to sleep anyway. At dawn, she heard the drums and trumpets of the Hesten soldiers as they began the attack. From her position on the mountain, she could see large waves of soldiers marching towards the mountain. Jeanette estimated that over sixty thousand foot soldiers were attacking the left flank. They were outnumbered two to one. On the right flank, it looked as if thirty thousand soldiers were advancing. The Hesten center was lightly defended in contrast, with maybe ten thousand men. Their fortifications were not that extensive, and it should be easy work for Bodak and the orcs to overrun their position.

Jeanette's observations were interrupted by a sudden darkening of the sky. She thought that a cloud was passing before the sun, but after hearing a loud cry she looked up and saw the arrows from the Hesten bows racing toward their lines. While the arrows fell short of Jeanette's command post, they fell down on her troops. Thanks to the natural cover provided by the trees of the mountain, and the fortifications they hastily constructed, the casualties were not as bad as they might have been.

The Hesten volley was soon answered by a Zentaran one. The Hesten soldiers, marching across an uncovered field, fell by the dozen from the rain of arrows. The Hesten force let out a great war cry, and charged to the base of the mountain and began attacking the Zentaran position.

"Now it begins, Daniels. It has all come down to this one battle. It will make or break this war."

Daniels looked out toward the mass numbers of the Hesten army. "There's so many of them, Your Highness. They have twice our number. Can we really hold them?"

Jeanette nodded, and answered with more confidence than she felt. "Of course we can. We're on the defensive, and we have reserves to draw from. Once the orcs attack, they will not." Jeanette swallowed and hoped that she sounded confident, and that things would proceed as they had planned. 

The Hesten foot soldiers attacked the Zentaran fortifications head on. With their foot in direct contact, their arrows shifted target towards higher up in the mountains, preventing Jeanette from moving down closer to personally observe the battle. Instead, she had to rely on runners to go from the front line commanders to her to deliver reports.

Based on the reporting, the left flank was holding for the moment. The first defensive line was inflicting heavy casualties on the Hestens, keeping the rest of their army in an uncovered position at the base of the mountain and vulnerable to the Zentaran arrows. The archers inflicted heavy damage to the Hesten ranks, but not enough that it would turn the tide of the battle.

Jeanette turned towards one of her runners. "We need to draw them deeper into the mountain so they won't be able to flank the orcs. Tell the first line to fall back to the second position." The runner ran off to relay the order, and soon she heard a victorious cheer arise from the Hestens. Let them have their moment of victory, she thought, they'll pay for it soon enough. The mass of soldiers began to climb the mountain, advancing towards the second line. This line was higher up, and on a steeper bank to make it even more difficult for the attackers.

Jeanette turned toward the pass, waiting for the orc warriors to emerge. They should be emerging any moment now that the Hestens were fully committed to the attack. Sure enough, the gates were opened and the mass of orc warriors stormed out. Jeanette could make out Bodak in the front of his troops charging the simple fortifications.

Bodak leapt into the Hesten defenders, his axe hacking into men left and right. The rest of the orc host slammed into their ranks with a deafening battle cry. Jeanette could see the block of Hesten foot buckle and bow as they weight of the orc troops pushed against them. The attack was going perfectly, and making good progress against the Hesten center. The fortifications proved to be little obstacle, designed mostly to stop large warhorses as opposed to orcs or men.

The ferocity of the attack sent the Hesten ranks reeling. As the orcs pushed past the ling of fortifications, they began hacking and dismantling them to make way for the horse to follow. As Jeanette watched the attack, she realized that it was succeeding beyond expectation. They were pushing the Hestens too far back, and opening up their flank. She could already see the Hesten cavalry repositioning to charge it from the side.

"Bodak is hitting them too hard. They're going to get flanked by the cavalry. We have to tell him to close up his formation!" Jeanette looked toward one of the runners, who looked to the field and then back to her. 

"We'll never be able to get down there in time, let alone find Bodak and issue the order to pull back."

"We have to do something." Jeanette looked at the battlefield again, giving it another look. "Alright, go to the reserve unit, tell them to join up with the right flank and to counterattack as hard and fast as they can."

The runner bowed and ran off to relay the order. "Are you sure that is wise, Your Highness? It's not part of the plan. If we leave our defensive position we'll be fighting them on equal ground, right?" Daniels looked at Jeanette with worry.

"Not entirely equal. We'll have the high ground at the beginning of the battle. If it moves to level ground, we'll already be winning and have momentum on our side. If we can push their right flank hard enough, it might give their cavalry pause long enough for Chief Turogg to come through."

Jeanette hoped she made the right decision. She didn't know if it was what Frederick of Chief Turogg would do, but it felt right to her. The Hesten cavalry were wheeling around the battle in the center position themselves to strike Bodak's flank from the right. The cavalry were beginning to move between the battle at the center and the Hesten forces on the right flank.

The Zentaran reserve forces reached the battle lines on the right flank and surged forward against the Hestens. The Hesten forces on the right flank were unprepared for a counterattack, having been prepared to merely engage the Zentarans and keep them occupied. The ferocity of the sudden attack sent them reeling. Not only were they now on the defensive, but they also found themselves outnumbered, which was another occurrence they were unprepared for.

Jeanette saw the Hesten right flank retreating from the mountainside, pursued by the Zentaran forces. This would be the moment of truth. The left flank had to hold long enough without reinforcements for the center to break. The Zentaran right continued to push the Hestens back, gaining more ground. If the cavalry hit the orcs now, they could end up being trapped between Bodak and the forces on Zentaran's right flank.

The commander of the cavalry saw the danger and pulled his forces back, turning away from battle and repositioning the rear of the Hesten lines to wait for another opportunity. The hesitation bought enough time for Chief Turogg to lead his horsemen through the pass and between the lines. Chief Turogg led his force through the gap created by Bodak, showering arrows upon the Hesten troops as they rode by. 

The Hesten cavalry force moved to intercept, but Chief Turogg rode away from the battle. As they pulled away from the Hestens, they fired another volley of arrows behind them, raining death down upon the Hesten horses. The commander of the cavalry ordered a charge, but his heavily armored horses could not catch the lightly encumbered horses the orcs rode on. Chief Turogg and his troops continued to shoot arrows at the Hestens, killing more horses and riders and depleting their strength as they led them away from the battle.

All the tension drained from Jeanette and she sighed in relief. The plan had worked, and they were going to win. Relief flooded through her as she realized that the battle was won. Frederick led his horsemen through and joined the battle, running down the Hesten archers on the right flank, cutting them down on the spot. The Hesten center collapsed, and Bodak charge into their left flank while the right flank was caught between the horsemen and the Zentaran foot soldiers.

"Tell the left flank to attack. We need to trap and kill as many of their soldiers as we can. The victory must be absolute!" A runner bowed and set off, and soon a battle cheer erupted further down the slope of the mountain. The soldiers pushed forward, and the Hestens fell back, then broke and began to run. Frederick brought his horsemen around again and charged across the battlefield, running down the retreating troops as they tried to flee.

Jeanette looked down to the battlefield and saw Bodak standing atop the ruined fortifications that the Hestens had tried to erect. Seeing that Chief Turogg was leading the Hesten cavalry back toward the battle, he formed up his orcs to catch them when they rode past. As the Hesten horsemen rode past the right flank, the first wave of arrows from the mountain hit them in time with a volley from Chief Turogg's troops. The hail of arrows broke their charge, and allowed Bodak's warriors to slam into their flank, tearing through the horses and cutting down the Hesten knights.

With the Hesten horsemen caught by the orc warriors on foot, Chief Turogg brought his horse warriors back around. They slung their bows and drew spears and axes and attacked the cavalry from the other side, trapping them. The Hesten horsemen were crushed between the two orc forces while the Zentaran forces destroyed the Hesten foot soldiers and archers. At the conclusion of the battle, the Hesten army was completely annihilated, along with much of the nobility of Heste. Unlike the human soldiers, the orcs did not take nobles prisoner for ransom, instead they were all killed on the battlefield. With the loss of the commanders, there would be no one to rally any of the survivors of the battle, who would probably disappear back to their villages and give up the fight.

With such a loss to his nobility, King Connor would have to sue for peace. Even still, to strengthen their position at the negotiating table, Jeanette and the others knew they would have to occupy as much of the Duchy as possible. After the battle, Jeanette, Chief Turogg, Bodak, and Frederick met again to discuss the next phase of their strategy in greater detail.

"Congratulations, gentlemen, on such a stunning victory. A triumph such as this has not been seen in Zentara, or any land, in a hundred years if not more. We have completely destroyed the Hesten army, the cream of their nobility, and captured thousands of arms and horses. The whole of the Duchy of Braden is now open to us." Jeanette beamed proudly as she looked around the tent to the others.

"Then now is the time to strike and plunder. We should carry the fight into the towns and villages and seek the riches and rewards due to us after such a battle." Bodak looked as if he thought the humans would object, and turned to Chief Turogg for support.

"It is time to strike and plunder. My men want their reward from fighting such a battle. While exhilarating, they are used to plunder after a battle, not just slaughter. They are eager to strike out now that they will not be opposed."

Frederick objected that that. "We cannot just pillage indiscriminately. We need to capture The Duke of Braden's castle, preferably with him in it. We do not have the time to burn every village and turn every city upside down looking for gold."

All three looked to Jeanette to get her opinion. Jeanette considered it a moment, and thought of Agmar and the dead villagers. The Duke of Braden was one of, if not the prime mover of this war. His people killed hers, and would have done more if they had not been stopped. "You're all right. Your Grace, you take the thirty thousand of the Zentaran foot soldiers and march on Castle Wareg and place it under siege. The rest will travel with me and Chief Turogg's tribe. They will work together to pillage and sack the undefended towns as we march."

"Your Highness, you cannot mean to endorse such wholesale slaughter!" Duke Frederick looked stunned and horrified.

Chief Turogg chimed in with his deep voice. "When we make this land ours, the humans will have no place here and will leave anyway. It is time to get that started. Well, the men, anyway. The women will have a place of course." Chief Turogg and Bodak laughed while Frederick glowered.

"You had best get moving. Take the siege engineer we hired from Thesta to assist you."

"Of course, Your Highness." Frederick bowed and left, leaving Jeanette alone in the tent with Chief Turogg and Bodak. Chief Turogg approached Jeanette and stepped behind her, wrapping her in his arms and groped her breasts through the armor. "We are going to have a victory feast when the men return from plundering. We shall all enjoy ourselves very much."

Bodak grinned as he watched his brother fondle the human queen. Jeanette blushed a bit, pressing herself back against him, rubbing his crotch with her leather clad bottom. "But first things first, Chief Turogg. I think we should have my Zentaran troopers ride together with your orcs. They need to learn to work together, and to be comfortable alongside other orcs. It will help your people, and you, be more easily accepted in the Kingdom."

Chief Turogg laughed and gave Jeanette's bottom a spank. "You are always thinking aren't you Jeanette? Let's see if I can't give you something more pleasurable to think about." Chief Turogg tugged Jeanette's pants down, and bent her over the table, taking her right there in the command tent.

It would take Frederick just under two weeks to reach the castle, but Jeanette and Chief Turogg would take much longer. They moved far slower, sending out raiding parties every day to plunder and pillage towns and villages along the way. Their supply train grew larger and slower as they amassed treasure and captives with each raid. Hundreds of human women were taken by the orc warriors, and used nightly as whores. It bothered Jeanette at first, to see them used so. But they were the enemy, and this was war. These things always happened in war, it could not be avoided. At least, that is what she told herself.

With Frederick gone, Chief Turogg resumed fucking Jeanette nightly. He took her in his own tent, in the command tent, and anywhere he could get her in private. Often times he would bring her to the captive's pens and have her watch as the human women were fucked by the orc warriors over and over again. When she was hot and horny from the show, he would drag her off and fuck her silly all night long.

While the human men also had their way with women when capturing them, they stayed away from the prisoner pens. They were either intimidated by the orcs, they didn't want sloppy seconds from an orc, or perhaps they just didn't enjoy the women after they were stretched by the karger orc dicks. For the most part however, the men were content with their share of the plunder, which was considerable. As long as they were paid they were happy to leave the female prisoners to the orc. At first, there was some grumbling about letting the orcs have their way with human women, but the longer the human soldiers rode and fought alongside the orcs, the more they came to see them as being comrades and no longer minded.

In this, Jeanette's plan for having them plunder together was doubly successful. The orcs came to appreciate the men's fighting abilities, while the orcs came to respect the orcs as being just like them, only larger and gray skinned.

After two weeks, or about the time the siege of the Duke of Braden's castle was beginning, Chief Turogg arranged for all the human soldiers to be sent away on raids at the same time, leaving Jeanette alone with the orcs. She arranged to have Daniels and her other attendants away on business with the supply chain, so there would be no witnesses to the victory celebration. At least, no human witnesses.

Chief Turogg produced an outfit for Jeanette to wear as she presided over the party alongside him. It consisted of a tight leather miniskirt, thigh-high leather boots, straps over her breasts, and a spiked collar. Atop her head she wore a broken crown made from dark iron. The ensemble truly made her look like the appropriate consort for an orc chieftain, or at least what the humans would think an orc's consort should look like.

A platform was erected before the captive's pens and two chairs placed atop it for Jeanette and Chief Turogg to sit on. Around them in a semi-circle the captive women were being fucked by the orcs, or they were serving them food and drink while being groped and molested at every turn. The women had gotten used to the treatment after weeks of being taken by the orcs, and were no docile and subservient to their captors.

Jeanette became flushed as she watched the women being used. To her right, a comely brunette's pussy was being impaled by a massive orc cock while she choked on a dick. Elsewhere in the crowd a young blonde was bent over, face in the dirt as she was ravished from behind. She knew that these women were in a different situation than her; they were being forced whereas she welcomed Chief Turogg's attention. Still, she found it arousing, and could not wait for it to be her turn to be taken by the orc chief.

An hour after the party began, two naked women were brought and forced to kneel before Jeanette and Chief Turogg. One was about Jeanette's age, curvaceous and pretty, with blonde hair. The other was older, the girl's mother, but also very pretty. Both women had fair, soft skin and the look of nobility. Jeanette suppressed a gasp when the mother looked up to appeal for mercy. Jeanette recognized the woman as Countess Amelia, the wife of the now dead Count of Suzden.

"Your Highness! Please have mercy on us! Don't let them violate us. We're gentle women, of noble birth! We should not be treated like this!" Amelia pleaded as her daughter Anne sobbed and tried to hide her nakedness. The orcs laughed and pulled her arms behind her back, forcing her to bare her breasts and exposed them to the pinches and gropes of the orcs.

"It is not to her, but to me you should be pleading. I hold court here, slut, and I will determine your fate. What can you offer that will spare you from sharing the fate of these others as slaves for my tribe?" Chief Turogg's voice boomed and made Amelia flinch and Anne sob harder.

"Please! My husband will pay a good ransom for us! Keep us safe and you'll be rewarded!"

"I'm sorry to tell you, Countess, but your husband is dead. He was killed in battle three weeks ago." Jeanette shook her head sadly as Amelia wilted and began to sob while Anne wailed louder. Jeanette leaned over to Chief Turogg and whispered to him. "You should give the young one, Anne, to one of your men that you wish to honor. Her father owned land in this place, and wedding her to an orc will help solidify your control over the Duchy."

Chief Turogg considered Jeanette's words. They did make sense to him, and seemed like sensible advice. "What of the mother?" Jeanette looked down to Amelia. "She is of no account now. Let your men have her." Chief Turogg grinned at Jeanette, and then burst out laughing. "Hodnig!" One of the orc warriors watching the scene stepped forward. "Yes My Chief?"

"Take the girl as your slave wife. Make sure you are the one to plant a baby in her womb." Hodnig grinned widely and reached down to scoop up Anne, who began to wail. "Yes My Chief!" The orcs laughed and cheered as he carried her to one of the nearby pens and tied her hands to the cage wall, then began to fuck her from behind. When Amelia tried to intervene, she was picked up by three orcs and carried off to be fucked.
