 Being able to dictate the terms of the peace, it did not take long for the treaty to be drawn up. Janus had been authorized by King Connor to sign it, and when he did so, the war was over. Janus departed and Chief Turogg and Jeanette began the process of incorporating the Duchy of Braden into Zentara. Chief Turogg named his most trusted and able orcs to take command of the cities and castles in the Duchy. Word was also sent to have the orc women and children brought through Zentara for settlement in the Duchy. Most of the humans had fled, and those that remained were female prisoners of the orcs, who would be taken as slave wives by the new orc masters.

Jeanette also made arrangements for land grants in the Duchy of Braden to be given to humans from Zentara who wanted to migrate. While living under the dominion of the orcs wasn't attractive, the thought of free land and fewer obligations to the noble overlord did attract settlers. This was necessary because the orcs had no real history of tilling the land or performing many of the duties necessary to run a feudal Duchy. Indeed, many of the first settlers were former soldiers who had fought alongside the orcs and come to see them as being no different than humans. She also had castellans brought in to assist the new orc nobility in managing their property, as well as teaching them what would be required.

Jeanette and Chief Turogg's procession back to Ruar was even more jubilant than when they marched to war. Flush with victory, the people celebrated them at every town, and commoners lined the roads, cheering and clapping for the Queen. Jeanette made sure to thank Chief Turogg and give him credit for his skill and bravery, as well as the important and integral role the orcs played in the battle. Jeanette assured the people that victory would not have been possible without the orc alliance, and that the orcs had proven themselves invincible on the battlefield.

By the time they reached the capital, Jeanette was confident that no one would object when she named Chief Turogg a noble and gave his orcs land in Zentara. This pleased her, as it would make things even easier for when they announced their marriage to the people. Jeanette did realize that marrying into the royal family was not quite the same as entering into the rank of the nobility, but she thought it would be something that could be swallowed one piece at a time. 

By the time Jeanette reached the castle, the army had melted away back to their homes. Most of these veterans had seen the prowess of the orcs and would not be keen to fight them if there were objections to the marriage later. Even less so if it was over something as trivial as a marriage, which would not directly affect them.

As Jeanette approached the castle, she shook in excitement at seeing Agmar again. It had been months since she last saw her baby, and now she was going to have another. The first thing that Jeanette noticed when returning to court was the change in fashion. Many of the young ladies were emulating the dress she wore at her coronation, much to Chief Turogg's delight. They wore silks in vibrant colors, showing off thighs and bottoms, cleavage and side views of their breasts. While the older ladies at court were shocked at the new fashion, there was little they could do if that was how the Queen dressed. 

While she had never intended to wear that style again, its acceptance at court meant that she might have to, especially if Chief Turogg had anything to say about it, which she was certain he would. She wondered for a moment if wearing pants would also become a fashion, since she wore them to go on campaign. Jeanette pushed these thoughts away to focus on the task at hand. She had to award Chief Turogg his new lands, plan the wedding, and of course, continue to plot to get rid of Sir Drake.

Before any of that, she would go and see her son. Agmar had grown in the scant few months she'd been away, much faster than a human child would. He was already crawling, and eating more regular food. He smiled when he saw his mother though, recognizing her. Agmar stretched out his arms towards Jeanette, and she lifted him up into an embrace. He was so heavy, and strong! He was going to grow up to be a powerful warrior.

After seeing Agmar, Jeanette wondered who she should see to that first, to give her greater control over the awarding of lands and the wedding. She had been steadily working on Chief Turogg on the journey back to Ruar, and believed he had come around. It shouldn't take much more to push him over onto her side completely and convince him that he needed to be taken care of. Unfortunately, like with the Duke of Braden, it would have to mean his life. He simply knew too much to be let go. He would run first thing to the King of Heste and tell him that Zentara was bluffing and that Thesta and Sandora would not honor the alliance. Then war would resume and thousands more would die.

Jeanette ended up being surprised when it was Sir Drake who pushed the issue to a head without her having to do anything extra. Shortly after their return, Sir Drake arranged to have her and Chief Turogg meet with him in a secluded dungeon chamber. "It is so good to see you again, Chief Turogg. You as well, Your Highness. I've been waiting a long time for this." Sir Drake grinned and stepped toward Jeanette, a coiled whip hanging at his belt. "It's time for me to get what we agreed upon, Chief Turogg. I want my time with the Queen!"

His time? What had Chief Turogg promised him? "What do you mean by that, Sir Drake? Who do you think you are to demand my time?" Jeanette eyed the whip on his hip warily, as well as the cruel glint in his eyes.

Sir Drake lifted the whip off his belt, and let it uncoil to the floor. "I've been watching you a long time, Your Highness. Since you were a young woman. I've watched you touch yourself when you thought no one was watching, and watched your licentious displays with the orcs. You're a dirty, naughty, sexual little girl, and I'm going to teach you the pleasure you can feel from my whip!"

Jeanette look to Chief Turogg, who looked back impassively. Jeanette turned back to Sir Drake. "You cannot believe I will submit to such a thing. I am the Queen, not your plaything!"

"Chief Turogg made me a promise, a chance to have you for one night, to do as I wish in exchange for all my help in the negotiations!" Sir Drake raised his voice in anger. "I mean to have what is mine!"

Chief Turogg still said and did nothing. They were alone down here, no guards to come and help her. "I am pregnant with his child! You cannot beat me in this condition!"

That seemed to give him pause, but after a moment, he grinned even wider. "That is perfect, the final result of all your depredations; all the more reason for you to feel the touch of my whip!" Sir Drake advanced closer to Jeanette, and then raised his arm, readying to strike out with the whip.

In a flash, Chief Turogg lunged forward and seized Sir Drake's arm. He looked at the orc in shock, genuinely surprised that his desire was being impeded after all this time. Shock soon gave way to fear, as he felt himself being lifted up by the massive orc. Before he could open his mouth to protest he was dashed against the wall, and then flung across the room. Chief Turogg sprinted over to him and kicked him hard, knocking the wind out of the human. The fight was over before it really began. Chief Turogg smashed his head against the floor and it was finished.

The orc then looked over to Jeanette and grinned. "He was more trouble than he was worth. You were right about him. He thought he could use me, that he could be in control. But we will rule this Kingdom, together."

With Sir Drake removed from the picture, the first problem was taken care of. The next, bestowing titles and land upon Chief Turogg would be easier to deal with. At the royal feast celebrating the victory in the war, Jeanette named Chief Turogg as the Duke of Braden, with authority to name all counts, barons and mayors in the Duchy. He was also awarded a tract of land to the east of the city, with authority to build one castle and three cities for the settlement of some portion of his people. 

The bestowing of land and titles on Chief, now Duke, Turogg was met with passive acceptance by the nobles of Zentara. They understood the need of binding the orc warriors to Zentara. With the understanding that the bulk of them would be settled in the Duchy of Braden as a buffer against the Hestens, they were willing to accept a token orc lord in their midst, especially one who was a celebrated military hero. Now that Duke Turogg was a lord of Zentara, in fact, the most powerful lord in the Kingdom, he was on paper at least a perfectly suitable prospect to be her husband. All that wanted now was the planning of the wedding, and informing the populace.

Jeanette's heart thumped madly in her chest as the big day dawned. Jeanette had sent out a proclamation calling all the great families of the realm to court for a special announcement. For days they had been arriving to the city, though Jeanette had kept secret the reason for their summoning. Chief Turogg and Jeanette had decided to spring the news of their marriage concurrently with the actual ceremony, to prevent any resistance or opposition to the wedding from the noble families. 

Jeanette dressed for the wedding in secret, wearing the dress that had been prepared for her marriage to the Duke of Braden, which seemed like a lifetime ago. At first she wasn't sure if she wanted to wear it, but in the end felt a rush of excitement and one last exultation of victory at wearing it when wedding Chief Turogg. It was also a stunning dress, adorned with pearls and lace and required only a little alteration to hide her swelling belly. 

Hundreds of orcs were staying in the castle and in Ruar to attend the wedding, and to join the court once Chief Turogg became King Turogg. They would also serve as an extra defense in case there was any vociferous attempt to prevent the marriage, though she did not expect that to be the case. Now the Chief Turogg was named a count and made marshal of the Kingdom, and tales of the prowess of the orc soldiers during the war reached the public, more and more people had grown to accept the orcs in the Kingdom.

The best case scenario would be that the Kingdom sees her union with Chief Turogg would be as natural as a royal wedding with any prince or noble from one of the other Kingdoms. At worst, she believed that they would see her as a martyr, sacrificing herself in a wedding with an orc to ensure the safety of the Kingdom. Either way, she did not believe there would be much, if any, resistance to the marriage.

When the crowd of nobles had been assembled in the great hall, Jeanette and Chief Turogg went to stand before them. As soon as they saw her in the wedding dress, hushed murmurs swept through the hall as they wondered what it meant. Some had suspected that the gathering was to announce a betrothal, and it seemed to them that their suspicions were correct.

Jeanette looked to Chief Turogg, who stepped forward. It had taken some convincing, but he had eventually agreed to make the announcement to the people. "Good people of Zentara, thank you for coming to this castle today. You have welcomed your people into your lands as friends. We have fought with you, bled with you, and even now we are building our homes with you. To complete making our people one, and to bind our destinies together for great honor, prosperity, and strength, it is my honor to announce that Queen Jeanette and I are to be married."

Another wave of murmurs passed through the crowd. It was difficult for Jeanette to see their reactions, or to understand the pulse of the crowd. Moving forward, Jeanette stepped beside Chief Turogg and looped her arm through his. "Having spent these past months with Chief Turogg, through the negotiations for our alliance, and through the hardships of the campaign, and the horrors of war, I have come to know and respect him. He is as honorable as he is powerful on the field of battle. He brings great strength and wealth to our Kingdom, and will enhance our power and prestige. I enter into this marriage freely, willingly. Not just for the sake of Zentara, but for my own. I have grown to care for him, to respect him, and to love him." Jeanette glanced to the side, where Susannah was standing beside her father, smiling encouragingly at her. "I ask you, the great nobles of Zentara, to applaud this union, and to join us in the celebration of our marriage!"

Applause was scattered at first, but when the orcs on the periphery of the room started clapping and stomping, it soon spread until the crowd was roaring in approbation. The ceremony itself was brief, to get it sealed and completed as quickly as possible. It mainly consisted of a reading of Chief Turogg's assets, both in wealth and people, and then confirming his sovereign power in Zentara. Both Jeanette and Chief Turogg recited their marriage vows, and the wedding was complete.

Happiness welled inside Jeanette at the thought that she was finally married. Not only did it give her license to publically be with her husband, King Turogg, but it also ended any lingering danger that she might once again be forced into a marriage for political convenience. Now she had the husband she wanted as well as needed. With an heir on the way, the Duchy of Braden incorporated into Zentara, and trade flowing with Thesta and Sandora again, the sun was certainly rising on her reign.

When King Turogg wrapped his arm around her and drew her close, her heart leapt and started beating furiously in anticipation of their wedding night. Excitement for their first night as man and wife flowed through her veins and filled her with lust and desire. So lost in these feelings, she barely noticed that King Turogg was calling for silence so he could make an announcement. Jeanette's heart stalled as she felt a sudden tenseness in the air.

"Good people of Zentara. This has been a day of great joy for our people. It may seem impossible to you, but the day holds more joy still." He grinned widely as he looked about the room. "It is my deepest pleasure to tell you that the Queen is already pregnant with my child."

Jeanette's jaw dropped and she flushed, stunned and angered by the sudden announcement. This was not how they should have done it, let alone that he should not reveal so personal a thing without consulting her. Rather than a jubilant cry, murmurs swept through the hall, reacting to the news that the Queen had been with the orc outside of marriage. Frederick stepped forward, glaring at him. "That's enough Chief Turogg! How dare you say that the Queen is with your child before all the people on your wedding day!"

Jeanette looked at him with relief, as King Turogg shot him a nasty grin. Bodak stepped up behind Frederick and chuckled lowly. "That is His Highness you are talking to, 'Your Grace', you must treat him with respect!"

Frederick glared as King Turogg grinned wider. "You do not believe me? Perhaps you should like to see for yourself?" Before anyone could react, King Turogg had gripped the sleeves of Jeanette's dress and tore them with a powerful tug. Jeanette gasped in shock as the wedding gown fell from her body, leaving her naked except for her heels, stockings, and jewelry. Every eye in the room fell first to her exposed breasts, and then to the swollen belly, giving proof to King Turogg's claim. The room was stunned into silence, so that even a pin dropping could be heard. King Turogg then continued. "I have married your Queen in your custom, now let us celebrate her being with child in mine!"

Jeanette gasped as King Turogg grabbed her and sat down on the throne, pulling him along with her. He lifted her feet up into the air while he released his grey python from his pants. Jeanette struggled but his firm grip was much too strong for her to break out of. When the tip of his cock started to press against her slit, she remembered how excited her body already was anticipating their wedding night. Her back arched as she stiffened, legs perched on the seat of the throne, straddling Turogg's own while the slanted cock rubbed and prodded at her pussy lips.

Jeanette's arousal grew, making her labia swell and engorge with need. Her chest felt crushed at this final, humiliating exposure. She had been fucked publically as a whore masquerading as the Queen, then fucked publically before the orcs and Hestens as the Queen herself. Now she was being fucked publically before the Zentaran court as Queen. Her arousal at the treatment was evident to all from the slick sound his cock made as it slid deep into her pussy.

Jeanette's mind spun as she felt that wondrous pleasure emanating from inside her as the monstrous dick rubbed her inner walls. A moan of pleasure escaped her lips before she could control it. As King Turogg began to thrust into her, Jeanette's hips moved on their own to push back against his shaft. Seeing that she was submitting to his cock once again, King Turogg moved his hands to her breasts, plucking at the nipples, lifting and squeezing them and pushing them out on display for the lords and ladies of Zentara.

He began to thrust faster and harder, bouncing the trembling Jeanette on his cock. Her moans came indiscriminately now as the orc shaft pumped in and out of her. Luckily the pregnancy was not far enough along yet that their sexual activities would be dangerous. Jeanette gripped the arms of the throne tightly, and then leaned back against her King's muscular chest. She rocked her hips, rolling them from side to side to stir his cock inside her, so that the mounds covering it rubbed against the walls of her pussy.

"That's it my Queen, show them how much you love it. Show them what a wanton woman you are. Show them all that you're bearing my child willingly, eagerly!" King Turogg's words rattled around in her mind, each point making her twitch and shiver as pleasure ran up her spine. She started bouncing faster, using her body to prove his point to the court. Her head rolled back, eyes closed as she basked in the pleasure this treatment, and his dick, gave her.

Her breasts swayed, jumping about in King Turogg's hands. He continued to maul them, pulling them to make her fall harder on his dick, then giving them light slaps as she rose up again. Her tight ass pressed firmly to his crotch when she hilted herself on his cock, squeezing her inner walls to milk the shaft deliciously as she rose up again. Her head rolled faster, her long raven locks whipping about her face as she began to climax.

"Yes! Ah! Yes Fuck me My King! I love it! I'm a whore for big orc cock! I love your cock fuck me!" Jeanette's body shuddered and her hips bucked and jerked around King Turogg's shaft, squeezing it deep inside her. The walls of her pussy convulsed, pulsing and massaging his dick as he joined her in climax, shooting his load inside her until she began to overflow with the seed.

As Jeanette recovered from the climax, her eyes drifted open and she looked around the great hall, expecting to see every eye in the room looking at her in shock. What she saw surprised her even more than she expected the guests to be shocked at her being fucked by King Turogg. The orcs had seized control of the room and were turning the reception into an orgy. Or, at least, an orgy for them. The human men were being restrained while the orcs fucked every human woman they could get their strong grey hands on.

To her left, a middle-aged noble woman had been stripped naked and was being fucked by two orcs. Jeanette's eyes widened, enraptured as she watched the thick grey dicks sliding in and out of her pussy and mouth. The noble woman was sucking hard on the orc's cock while she moved her hips. Her large tits swayed beneath her as what appeared to be her husband looked on, impotent rage on his face as another orc held him back to prevent him from interfering.
