 Author's Note: For the purposes of this alternate version of the ending, assume that the treaty signed in Ch 10 was much more severe, with Jeanette abdicating her throne in favor of Turogg and pledging to be his slave-wife. It is more in lines with what I had originally planned for the ending, except for the epilogue which takes the story in a different direction than what I originally thought based on what I've developed in the world of Orc Dominion since originally starting the story.

****

Being able to dictate the terms of the peace, it did not take long for the treaty to be drawn up. Janus had been authorized by King Connor to sign it, and when he did so, the war was over. Janus departed and Chief Turogg and Jeanette began the process of incorporating the Duchy of Braden into Zentara. Chief Turogg named Bodak as the new Duke of Braden and selected his most trusted and able orcs to take command of the cities and castles in the Duchy. Word was also sent to have the orc women and children brought through Zentara for settlement in the Duchy. Most of the humans had fled, and those that remained were female prisoners of the orcs, who would be taken as slave wives by the new orc masters.

Jeanette dutifully signed every order that Turogg put in front of her. Her seal was still necessary, as the treaty technically hadn't gone into effect yet, and wouldn't be official until they returned to the city and made the announcement. Sir Drake had been very thorough in writing all the orders that would be necessary for Turogg to consolidate his hold on the Duchy.

Jeanette and Chief Turogg's procession back to Ruar was even more jubilant than when they marched to war. Flush with victory, the people celebrated them at every town, and commoners lined the roads, cheering and clapping for the Queen. If only they knew that soon the Queen they were cheering for would be a slave of the orc hero. Jeanette made sure to thank Chief Turogg and give him credit for his skill and bravery, as well as the important and integral role the orcs played in the battle. Jeanette assured the people that victory would not have been possible without the orc alliance, and that the orcs had proven themselves invincible on the battlefield. When the time came and Turogg assumed the throne, they would think twice about opposing such a formidable warrior.

By the time Jeanette reached the castle, the human soldiers in her army had melted away back to their homes. Most of these veterans had seen the prowess of the orcs and would not be keen to fight them if there were objections to the 'marriage' later. If they did, well, they were now scattered, while the orc host remained largely intact except for what was left to garrison Braden.

As Jeanette approached the castle, she shook in excitement at seeing Agmar again. It had been months since she last saw her baby, and now she was going to have another. The first thing that Jeanette noticed when returning to court was the change in fashion. Many of the young ladies were emulating the dress she wore at her coronation, much to Chief Turogg's delight. They wore silks in vibrant colors, showing off thighs and bottoms, cleavage and side views of their breasts. While the older ladies at court were shocked at the new fashion, there was little they could do if that was how the Queen dressed. 

While she had never intended to wear that style again, its acceptance at court meant that she might have to, especially if Chief Turogg had anything to say about it, which she was certain he would. She wondered for a moment if wearing pants would also become a fashion, since she wore them to go on campaign. Jeanette pushed these thoughts away to focus on the task at hand. She had to award Chief Turogg his new lands, plan the wedding, and ensure all would go smoothly when she handed the realm to her Chief.

Before any of that, she would go and see her son. Agmar had grown in the scant few months she'd been away, much faster than a human child would. He was already crawling, and eating more regular food. He smiled when he saw his mother though, recognizing her. Agmar stretched out his arms towards Jeanette, and she lifted him up into an embrace. He was so heavy, and strong! He was going to grow up to be a powerful warrior.

Shortly after their return, Sir Drake arranged to have her and Chief Turogg meet with him in a secluded dungeon chamber. "It is so good to see you again, Chief Turogg. You as well, Your Highness. I've been waiting a long time for this." Sir Drake grinned and stepped toward Jeanette, a coiled whip hanging at his belt. "It's time for me to get what we agreed upon, Chief Turogg. I want my time with the Queen!"

His time? What had Chief Turogg promised him? "What do you mean by that, Sir Drake? Who do you think you are to demand my time?" Jeanette eyed the whip on his hip warily, as well as the cruel glint in his eyes.

Sir Drake lifted the whip off his belt, and let it uncoil to the floor. "I've been watching you a long time, Your Highness. Since you were a young woman. I've watched you touch yourself when you thought no one was watching, and watched your licentious displays with the orcs. You're a dirty, naughty, sexual little girl, and I'm going to teach you the pleasure you can feel from my whip!"

Jeanette looked to Chief Turogg, who looked back impassively. Jeanette turned back to Sir Drake. "You cannot believe I will submit to such a thing. I am the Queen, not your plaything!"

"Chief Turogg made me a promise, a chance to have you for one night, to do as I wish in exchange for all my help in the negotiations!" Sir Drake raised his voice in anger. "I mean to have what is mine!"

Chief Turogg still said and did nothing. They were alone down here, no guards to come and help her. "I am pregnant with his child! You cannot beat me in this condition!"

That seemed to give him pause, but after a moment, he grinned even wider. "That is perfect, the final result of all your depredations; all the more reason for you to feel the touch of my whip!" Sir Drake advanced closer to Jeanette, and then raised his arm, readying to strike out with the whip.

"My Chief! You cannot mean to allow this! I'm a Queen! I'm carrying your child!"

Turogg grinned nastily at her. "You're not a Queen any longer Jeanette, you're my slave. To be used, traded, or given out as I please! Sir Drake knows well enough not to harm my child, don't you?"

"Of course, Your Highness. I know my trade, and the baby will not be harmed a bit!"

"I leave you to it! Jeanette, obey every order Sir Drake gives you as if they came from me." Turogg laughed gutturally. "As a slave, he outranks you now!" Turogg gave Jeanette's pert ass a hard smack and left her alone in the dungeon with Sir Drake.

Jeanette flushed in humiliation as she looked at Sir Drake, who was leering at her with a wild look in his eyes. His hand reached out, touching her swollen belly as he stroked over the soft fabric of her gown. "I've thought about you a lot over the years, Jeanette, but never did I imagine that you'd get knocked up by an orc!" Sir Drake laughed cruelly. "The Grenally line polluted with a half-breed. What do you think your mother and father would say if they were still alive?"

Jeanette spluttered in rage, but as she opened her mouth to berate him he suddenly smacked her across the face. "None of that, slave! You should know better than to talk back to your betters. It seems you're still in need of some training, and I think I am just the man to do it!" Sir Drake grabbed Jeanette roughly by the arm and pulled her to the center of the room. Long chains with manacles dangled from the ceiling, and he quickly locked them around each of her wrists. 

Jeanette shuddered as she felt his hands roaming over her body, rubbing her ass and squeezing her breasts. Despite the revulsion she felt, her nipples hardened and pressed out against the silk dress. Sir Drake caught the nubs between his thumbs and forefingers and squeezed, making Jeanette cry out softly.

"So quiet, slave, and so finely dressed. Much too finely dressed for a slave. Have you been impersonating your betters? Tsk tsk...admit that you don't deserve to wear such nice clothing, beg me to strip it off you!"

Jeanette glowered at him, eliciting another sharp pinch of her breasts. Despite her anger at the treatment, and the revulsion at being fondled by Sir Drake, the rough treatment and the bondage were starting to arouse her. It was a testament to the many changes that the rough awakening of her sexuality had wrought that even now her body was responding to the degrading treatment of a man she loathed.

"I...I don't deserve to wear such fine clothing, Sir Drake...please...please take it off me!"

Sir Drake leered at the slave queen. "Well, since you asked so nicely, 'Your Highness.'" He ran his hands over Jeanette's body again, and then grabbed the sleeves of the dress and yanked sharply, ripping them off her shoulders. He pulled down harder, tearing the dress all the way off until it pooled at her ankles.

Jeanette flushed with embarrassment as her large breasts spilled free. She flinched when Sir Drake wrapped his arms around her and cupped her tits from behind. "I've seen these many times from afar, Jeanette, but they're so much more magnificent up close. I've dreamed of this for years, you've grown into quite the sexy woman."

"Nnnng..." Jeanette groaned as his pudgy fingers pinched her nipples again, pulling them away from her body and stretching them outward. Hackles rose on the back of her neck as she thought of Sir Drake spying on her through the years. "Ah!" Sharp cries escaped her lips as Sir Drake slapped each breast, lifting them with the impact of his palm.

"I'm going to teach you many things, Jeanette. I know you already enjoy being spanked. Shall we explore how far we can take that?" His voice dripped with a mixture of lust and derision. Jeanette could feel him moving behind her, getting something ready that she couldn't see.

Sir Drake lifted a paddle, covered in leather and decorated with little studs. He stroked it over Jeanette's thighs, pleased at how she moaned and quivered at the touch. It was clear that the former queen despised him, but she was such a little slut that she couldn't help but give in to her lusts. Sir Drake swung the paddle and smacked Jeanette's ass sharply, making her pert rear jiggle.

The chains rattled as she yelped and jumped in place. Her ass burned, stinging sharply from the smack. Her ass throbbed, sending thrums of pleasure through her. Sir Drake struck her again, and again, paddling her backside, evenly distributing the blows between each ass cheek and painting her whole ass red.

Jeanette cried out as her ass was spanked. The blows were more forceful than the spankings she normally got when being fucked, but even still they gave her the little shivers of pleasure she felt from them. Her pussy throbbed and swelled, and her arousal began to permeate in the air. She heard Sir Drake panting behind her, either from exertion or from pleasure. 

She shifted we weight from foot to foot, her heavy tits and swollen, pregnant belly swinging in the air as she dangled from the chain. "Ah...ah...ooooh..."

"You know Jeanette, I don't think you're properly appreciative for your spanking. It's customary for a slave to count out the licks, and thank her superior for each one. Yet you've not counted a single one, nor thanked me. I suppose we'd better start over, what do you think?"

Jeanette gulped, groaning inwardly at Sir Drake's words. Her mind flashed back to that first night with Bodak, when he spanked her and said something similar. She stuck her ass out towards Sir Drake as she remembered him taking her hard that night, the first time she felt an orc cock. "Y-yes Sir Drake...I'm sorry, I'll do it properly."

Sir Drake grinned at her submissiveness. This was working out better than he ever could have imagined. He knew there was a dirty slut living inside her, and thrilled that it had finally awakened. He smacked her with the paddle again, grinning as he called out the number and thanked him for spanking her. Jeanette Grennally, the Queen, thanking him for spanking her!

"Ah! T-three! Thank you sir! Four! Thank you sir!" Jeanette's shrill cries echoed in the dungeon, reverberating with lust as her juices flowed freely from her sex. Her hips wiggled in the air, shaking faster and harder as she humped the air. 

Sir Drake spanked her to the count of twenty, and then let her sag in the chains and catch her breath. He admired the way her ass glowed, bright red from the harsh spanking. He stepped forward, running his fingers along the curve of her ass, watching how the skin went white from the merest touch, before flushing red again.

The former Chancellor circled around in front of her, pressing the paddle between Jeanette's thighs, rubbing it against her hot, wet, swollen slit. He looked at the former queen, grinning at the way her hair, wet with sweat was matted to her face. Sir Drake then lifted the paddle up, and presented the dark leather, stained with her juices, to the slave's lips. "Kiss it slave, and thank me once more for being generous enough to teach you the pleasure of a paddle."

Jeanette pressed her lips against it, kissing it deeply. She then grimaced as she tasted her own pussy on the leather. "T-thank you Sir Drake!" She kissed the paddle again. "Thank you for teaching me!"

"You're welcome, Jeanette. So very welcome." Sir Drake stroked the paddle over Jeanette's baby bump, making her tense up in fear. He let it linger just a moment though, before moving behind her once again and setting it down. "That was just your first lesson, though. Are you ready for your second? I know I am!"

Jeanette held her breath, her head pounding as she wondered what he was going to do next. Her body exuded heat, and sweat glistened off her breasts. Her ass felt like it was on fire, but somehow her sex was even hotter. She was desperate for him to touch her pussy again. Even the brief contact of the paddle between her legs felt like heaven and she needed more.

Sir Drake stepped in front of her again holding a flogger with long suede tails. He lightly brushed them over her breasts, rubbing the soft material of the strands over the hard nipples. "Now, where shall I use this, hmm? On your breasts? They do look like they need a good whipping. But perhaps there is somewhere else you want to be touched?" Sir Drake grinned cruelly as he moved the flogger between Jeanette's legs, stroking the inner thighs and lightly brushing them against her wet slit.

"Mmmm!" Jeanette moaned hotly as the flogger tickled her puss. It felt so good, and even though she knew that being whipped there would hurt, she was so desperate to be touched that she didn't care. "Y-yes Sir Drake! Please, touch me there! Please whip my pussy!"

Sir Drake grinned as Jeanette melted before him. He flicked his wrist, slapping the suede tendrils against her pussy. She jumped and cried out sharply, recoiling from the pain. Still, the obedient slave remembered to call out the number and thanked him, so he rewarded her with another strike, and then another.

He couldn't whip her pussy too hard, not without risking injury to the baby and that was not something he wanted to do. So he used a lighter hand, but perhaps that was for the better. The way Jeanette was panting and moaning, it seemed she was getting close to climax already and he wanted to string her along just a little longer. He shifted his aim, smacking her inner thighs instead now. These he could hit harder, and soon he made them as bright red as her ass was.

Jeanette cried out in frustration and pent up need as her clit ached and her thighs were abused. Her hips pumped in the air, desperately trying to find something to push against, something to touch her cunt. "Eighteen! Thank you Sir! Nineteen! Thank you Sir!" The last blow came quickly and suddenly, centered on her clit. Her head rolled back and she cried out, teetering on the edge of climax. But the last blow came too late, and she couldn't fall over it and instead hovered in a delirium of need. "Twenty! Thank you Sir!"

Sir Drake tossed the flogger to the ground and walked quickly, but stiffly behind her once more. His cock was rock hard in his pants, but there was one more thing he wanted before taking her. "Do you want to cum you little slut? Then you can you dumb whore, cum for me now!" Sir Drake grabbed the coiled whip from his belt and unfurled it. He then snapped it, harshly raking the tip over Jeanette's back.

Jeanette cried out as the whip lashed her back. Sir Drake didn't wait for her to count it out, instead he hit her again, whipping her back mercilessly. The impact of the whip exploded through her body, sending tremors quaking through her. The impact reverberated all the way down to her pussy, and in her hypersensitive state it took only a half-dozen lashes before her climax erupted and exploded throughout her body.

When Sir Drake saw Jeanette cum, he grunted in satisfaction and through the whip to the side. He dropped his pants and ran to the slave queen. Sir Drake roughly gripped Jeanette's battered rear and wrenched her ass cheeks apart, before slamming his hard cock inside her ass. After months of being brutalized by orcs, his smaller human member slipped inside easily.

Sir Drake started pounding away, but having been driven into a frenzy by the abuse, and at long last having his utmost fantasy fulfilled, he quickly shot hit load deep into Jeanette's ass, before falling back onto the table with a grunt of satisfaction. "Isn't it nice being a slave, Jeanette? You have much more of this to look forward to.

****

Once Jeanette was freed from the shackles, she was given a more appropriate outfit to wear. Gone were the long dresses. From now on she would only wear slutty outfits like the one she wore to her coronation. With Sir Drake placated, it was time to move onto the next order of business. Chief Turogg was also awarded a tract of land to the east of the city, with authority to build four castle and nine cities for the settlement of his people.

The bestowing of land and titles on Chief Turogg was met with reluctant acceptance by the nobles of Zentara. They understood the need of binding the orc warriors to Zentara. With the understanding that the bulk of them would be settled in the Duchy of Braden as a buffer against the Hestens, they were willing to accept a token orc lord in their midst, especially one who was a celebrated military hero. Now that Chief Turogg was a lord of Zentara, in fact, the most powerful lord in the Kingdom, he was on paper at least a perfectly suitable prospect to be her husband. All that wanted now was the planning of the wedding, and informing the populace of the change in status. Any further repercussions would be dealt with once he was King officially.

Jeanette's heart thumped madly in her chest as the big day dawned. Jeanette had sent out a proclamation calling all the great families of the Eight Duchies to court for a special announcement. For days they had been arriving to the city, though Jeanette had kept secret the reason for their summoning. Chief Turogg and Jeanette had decided to spring the news of their marriage concurrently with the actual ceremony, to prevent any resistance or opposition to the wedding from the noble families. 

Jeanette dressed for the wedding in secret, wearing the dress that had been prepared for her marriage to the Duke of Braden, which seemed like a lifetime ago. It was the first time she had worn a dress in weeks, and she wasn't entirely sure why they were having her wear it. At least it was a stunning dress, adorned with pearls and lace and required only a little alteration to hide her swelling belly. Still, she was apprehensive as to what they had planned for her.
