 DISCLAIMER:

The stories in the "Celebrity" section of Literotica are all fictional parodies - none are true, nor are they approved of by the celebrities named in the stories. Authors write these fictitious stories about famous people for the same reason that Larry Flynt made fun of Jerry Falwell, because they can. The Supreme Court of the United States, the country where this site is located, has ruled that parodies involving famous people are perfectly and totally legal under the United States Constitution. The specific case law on this was decided in the case of "Hustler Magazine, Inc. et al. v. Jerry Falwell" in 1988. No harm is intended toward the celebrities featured in these stories, but they are public figures and in being so, they must accept that they are fair target for parodies by the public. We believe in the first amendment, and more broadly, in the basic principle of free speech and this section may push the boundaries of that principle, but the United States Supreme Court has approved of this type of material. We believe that the Supreme Court was correct in their decision.

*

The air was warm and humid, a slight breeze passed through the Arathi Plains. Two armies stood at opposite ends. The Horde, and the alliance. The alliance army was comprised of members from the race of men and night elves, the majority men from both races, but a good number of them were women too. At the opposite end, the horde army comprised of members from all the dark races. Orcs, Tauren, Trolls and undead. All the fighters were men except for a few orc and troll women who were also fighters. Among them was also the horde's newest breeder Yunie. Her stomach swollen as she was now carrying inside her a future Orc warrior. She wore a sheer see through dress with a gold stitch trim, the horde's symbol stitched in front. She wore her slave collar as well, the tags "Sex Slave" and "Breeder" attached to them. She also decided to tattoo "Horde Slut" above her now shaved pink pussy, to let all who saw her know who she belonged to. She knew she would be scorned for life from the alliance, but she didn't care anymore, to her, the men from the alliance were all wimps anyway. After all the pleasure she had received from the horde races, she could never go back to those wimps in the alliance.

It had already been a year, and Yunie had been taken many times already by the vicious Orc men. Her purpose as a breeder was simply that, she would be taken as many times as it took to get her pregnant. She was to be both sex slave and breeder of future Orc warriors. She didn't care though, she loved every minute of it. She was not restricted to just Orcs though, she had already been taken many times by Trolls, as well as Tauren, and even undead. While at first she thought it to be pretty disgusting, the pleasure that followed by being raped in all her holes by four undead warriors made her change her mind. In fact, she secretly loved it as much as she loved Orcs and Taurens. 

When Yunie was not busy serving the horde men and women at her new home in the swamplands, she was usually taken to the battle grounds and placed inside a tent, her purpose, just like that of all breeders, to "raise" troop morale before, during and after battle. Today was going to be no exception, and she licked her lips, letting out a low moan just thinking of what would be done to her pregnant body today. The air was hot and it seemed like the battle would be a long one, which meant that the horde members would need their morale "raised" quite often.

Leading the horde army in this raid was general Trogg, Yunie's first Orc cock. He looked with sharp eyes at the opposing army, grinned wickedly, bearing his sharp teeth. Yunie stood next to him. "Mmm... many human women and night elf women." He said licking his lower lips, chuckling to himself, then stared down at Yunie, ran his thick green fingers over Yunie's collar. "Today we will take your female friends and make them our slaves." He promised, a wicked smile spread across his face, Yunie looked up at him, she giggled wickedly, her pussy starting to get wet at the thought. He had said before that perhaps the horde should spare all the night elf women from Azeroth and make them the horde's slaves, but she didn't know if he was serious. Trogg then placed his hand over her swollen pregnant belly, "Then we will make them ours by turning them into breeders, just like you" the nearby Orc warriors that heard him grinned, chuckled and high fived each other. Trogg then turned and faced the rest of the army. "Kill all the men!" he shouted, "Kill them all, but spare the women," he said, the army listening intently, "Today we will capture them and make them our slaves!" He said with a loud cackle, the army followed with a cheer and a cackle of their own. "When we're done with them, they're gonna beg to be our breeders and leave those wimps behind!" he promised, "For the Horde!" he cheered, the army cheering back. Already Trogg could see the men in the alliance starting to cower and get nervous, the human and night elf women on the other hand, while more resolute in fighting the horde, a tinge of fear could be found as their bodies shivered slightly.

"Go to your tent elf slave" Trogg looked at Yunie, then grinned wickedly, "Don't forget that you're here to raise our troop morale" he joked, "Breeder's must stay in a safe place, besides there will be plenty of men who will join you later, I've even arranged for three generals of the undead army to see you." Trogg said with a wicked grin, Yunie's cheeks flushed. "When they're done, I'll come in and take that pregnant slutty body of yours too" he said with a grin. Yunie couldn't contain herself, her whole body shivered and got hotter at what was to transpire, she quickly hurried to the Breeder's tent for her meeting.

Coming in to the breeder's tent, there were tons of throw pillows on the ground, there was no need for anything else as breeder's knew what they were there to do. A musky scent covered the tent, and in the center of the tent stood the three undead corpses, generals of the undead army, she stood there paralyzed for a moment as three pairs of glowing eyes looked at the pregnant breeder, a crooked smile spread through their faces. They were dressed in rust covered armor, beaten from years of use. While their facial features were not completely missing, and there was still some resemblance to a human face, some of their limbs were nothing but bone stuck together to their rotting flesh which was still holding together due to whatever arcane magic brought them to life. While there was still a lingering scent of rotten flesh in the air, the scent of sex was soon overwhelming Yunie. She didn't care as long as they were members of the horde, and even if she did, she would have no choice in the matter. Being a breeder meant she would also have to please all members of the horde army, including the undead. 

The first time she was taken by a group of undead, she was first paralyzed, this was natural and happened whenever someone other than trained horde members stared into their glowing eyes. The paralysis was only temporary of course, and she did eventually come to her senses at about the time they were undressing her. Back then she did feel very disgusted by the act, and Yunie remembered that even now. But she also remembered the intense pleasure brought on by the whole scene. Now she was about to repeat the scene, and though she was swollen with Orc child, the whole scene just made her hotter.

The three undead generals approached the still paralyzed pregnant night elf, their bones making cracking and popping sounds as they walked towards her. "Looks like she's paralyzed," grinned one of the undead generals, his name was Eexsar. "She may be a horde member, but she still can't escape our eyes" Eexsar said with a vicious grin, licking his lower jaw. The other three cackled in response. "Mmm... and pregnant with child I see" Eexsar said with a hiss in his tone, "I'll make ya a bet it's probably Trogg's, or Krock's" he said cackling. "Not that it would matter, breeders only have two purposes, to please and to breed armies." they all joined in a hideous penetrating cackle.

While Yunie was still paralyzed, she could still understand everything they were saying, her pussy was starting to flex involuntarily, and her wetness was soon seeping out. The whole scene had intoxicated her. Now that they had surrounded her, she could feel the bony hands start to caress and rub her body. After a moment, she started gaining control of her body again and she let out a low moan as fleshy and bony hands squeezed her supple breasts. The three walking corpses simply cackled and with a strong yank Eexsar ripped and tore her see through dress, leaving her naked exposed body to them. "You may need clothes outside elf slut, but inside this tent clothes will only interfere" he said with an evil grin. All three corpses licked their lips.

Regaining my senses, I stared at the three undead corpses, as they licked their lips. I returned the gesture and licked my lips seductively too, cooing and moaning. Taking notice of the bulges in their leather pants, I grinned wickedly and knelt on the floor and reached inside for their hard fleshy cocks. "Mmm..." I cooed, "looks like you boys need to let go of some stress" I said with emphasis, grinning as I started stroking their green-blue rotting members. I stared up at them with wicked smile as I engulfed Eexsar's cock into my mouth, all three corpses stared down at me groaning as I moaned and pleasured their members. 

"Mmm... now I can see why you decided to put that tattoo above your cunt," said Eexsar, "You really are a Horde Slut!" He said grinning, quoting the phrase I tattooed above my shaved pussy. The other three joined in laughter as he grabbed the back of my head and bucked his hips deeper into my mouth, sinking more of his cock down my throat to where I could feel his hairy balls resting against my chin. "Don't think you'll be done soon either," he continued, "I know there are some Tauren generals that want that pussy of yours" he smiled wickedly. "Trogg will probably be too busy 'converting' those elf and human slut friends of yours in the field anyway to find time to come here" he promised with an evil grin. 

"Mmm... I'll do anything for the horde." I promised, plopping Eexsars cock out of my mouth, "take my body however you please master, and if the Tauren want to take my body, I will serve them too." I cooed with a promise, then engulfed another undead generals cock into my hungry mouth, purring.

"Good," the three undead corpses laughed, "Once we're done with you slave, you won't be able to move for days." With that said, Eexsar grabbed Yunie and tossed her towards the nearby throw pillows. Gently landing on the pillows strewn about the floors, she looked at them with a lustful look, licking her lips, she knew what was next, and she started teasing the corpses by caressing her breasts with one hand, splaying her legs wide, and rubbing her hungry wet pussy with the other. The three undead walked towards her, cackling, removing their armor, exposing their naked bodies, at least, what was left of their naked bodies. Their skin tinged a blue-green color, their bones exposed from their fleshy attachments. Their cocks stood tall at a near 12 to 13 inches, while not as big as Orcs or Tauren, they were definitely bigger than any alliance dick Yunie ever had. They eagerly stroked their cocks as they approached their victim.

"Mmm... come here boys" I said with a lustful tone in my voice. "Come here and fuck my pregnant pussy with your big fleshy cocks" I cooed as I fingered my pussy faster. The three pair of glowing eyes staring at me intently, grinning and licking their lips. My eyes looking intently at their big cocks, the rotting fleshy members swaying back and forth as they approached my naked body.

"Ooh, we'll be fucking all of your holes you elf slut, not just your pussy." Said Veekar, Eexsar's second general in command. With a piercing cackle, he grabbed the back of my head and pushed his slimy, fleshy cock into my hungry mouth. I hummed and cooed as I took more and more of his cock down my throat, looking up at the disgusting beast with a wicked smile. "Oomm... she's a real horde slut Eexsar, just look at how she eagerly takes my cock in her mouth" he laughed, Eexsar nodded in agreement as he took my legs and turned me over on my side, exposing my wet pussy.

"Guess the boys who had you last time were right," Eexsar said kneeling down, his breath near my pussy. "looks like you're going to be a really good fuck, better than any of the other horde breeders." he said, then diving his mouth into my wet cunt, piercing my pussy lips with his rough tongue, or whatever was left of it for that matter. The room was soon overwhelmed with the musky scent of the undead and sex, I quickly started stroking the other two cocks at my sides. The whole scene overwhelmed my whole body, shuddering, my pussy quivering in anticipation as Eexsar ran his rough tongue all over my pussy and ass. The only thing that could be heard from the outside of the tent were the muffled moans from my hungry mouth as I continued licking and sucking the length of Veekar's fleshy cock, and the loud cackles of the three undead generals as I pleased all of them at the same time.

In the meanwhile, outside could be heard loud crashes and explosions, clashing of swords, the voices of the horde army were loud and triumphant, were as the voices of the alliance army was slowly dwindling down. "Looks like Trogg won't be needing our help after all," joked Eexsar as he slowly started inserting two bony fingers into my wet cunt, the walls slowly spasming, closing and expanding as he moved his fingers in and out of me. The rough bony surface sending quakes all over my body as they touched my spot like nothing else had before. "Once Trogg is done with the alliance men, we'll let you join your alliance friends, as we take them as our own sex slaves." He hissed in my ear, my cheeks flushed red, moaning uncontrollably. The thought of it was overwhelming. A whole army of horde members having their way with night elf and human women in the battle field, being coerced into being the horde's new breeders. Unable to control myself, I let out a loud moan, bobbing my head up and down Veekar's cock harder and faster, my cum starting to flood out of my pussy and into Eexsar's bony fingers, then down to the floor. The three undead corpses cackled loudly as they saw my cum gushing out and my body shuddering in pleasure.

"Looks like this little elf slut likes the idea!" exclaimed Eexsar. Then laid on the ground, pulling my heavy pregnant body above his slime covered cock, holding me up above his hips, my legs sprawled to the sides. "Just look at how much she came" he hissed, the three grinned. "Now we're gonna give you what we REALLY came for elf breeder" he said grinning as he started lowering my pregnant body down on his cock, the fleshy bulbous head piercing my pussy walls. I let out a long drawn out moan as his hard rotting cock inched its way into my hungry cunt, the wall muscles accommodating his big member invitingly. He let out a loud triumphant groan as he impaled me on to his fleshy member. The other two cheered him on, then surrounded me again, caressing my naked body while I took their cocks into my mouth one at a time, moaning in pleasure as Eexsar bounced my body up and down on his cock with tremendous strength. Veekar and the other undead general whom they simply called "Snake" each engulfed one of my heavy breasts in their mouths, running their rough leathery tongues all over my breasts and nipples, they were moaning and groaning as I took their cocks in my mouth.

Snake was the ugliest of the three, not that any of them were attractive really, but at least Veekar and Eexsar's faces were still somewhat intact, very little of their jaws had been eaten over time and little of their facial skeletal structure could be seen. Snake on the other hand, had a face beaten severely by both time and battle. He no longer had any hair on his scalp unlike the other two, and his slacked jaw was now nothing more than bone attached to thin flimsy muscles on his upper lips. However, his long, thick fleshy cock more than made up for his ugliness.

"God your pussy is so tight bitch!" exclaimed Eexsar as he continued pummeling my pussy raw. Then reached and snaked his tongue out, licking my neck and sensitive ears. The sensations where overwhelming my body, shuddering, my pussy was spasming uncontrollably. Moaning uncontrollably, I planted my feet firmly on the ground and started bouncing my heavy body harder and faster on the slimy fleshy rod, contracting and expanding my pussy walls as his member invaded my already raw pink pussy. "Fuck!" exclaimed Eexsar and held on to my hips tighter and pounded my slutty pussy harder, then he threw his head back and let out a loud triumphant groan, I then felt torrents of his cum started flowing into my cunt. The sensation made my whole body shudder uncontrollably falling on my side to the ground, panting and moaning, trickles of his cum, or whatever was left of it leaked out on to the ground. 

When I came to, I was still laid on my side, Exsar had pulled out his slimy cock out of my hungry pussy and stood up, staring with a wicked grin, "Damn you're a good fuck breeder," he said with a hiss, "but now I have to go, don't worry Veekar and Snake will take care of your remaining hole" a smile spread across his face reminding what they had mentioned earlier. They had said they would use all my holes and he planned on keeping to his word. With a mischievous cackle, Eexsar dressed and left to the battlements, leaving me sprawled on the pillows on my side. I was still a little groggy from the last event, and I couldn't focus very well, but then my senses came back fully when I felt a fleshy hand reaching for my thighs. When I looked behind my back towards the direction the hand was coming from, and saw Veekar already placing himself behind me, lifting my long slender thighs as high as possible. He then started rubbing his cock head at the entrance of my quivering anal cavity. The only thing I could do was coo and moan as I felt his bulbous slimy head over my tight opening, Veekar grinned wickedly.

" Don't forget Snake, Elf slut." he said. I quickly snapped my head back and, there laid in front of me was snake. I looked in horror as he stared at me again with his glowing eyes, a frown was drawn on his face. His lower jaw was now missing! I looked down on the floor in horror, and there it stood on the ground, covered in spit and slime. The skeletal jaw must had fallen after my body had thrashed, turned and fallen on the ground. It probably detached itself from its flimsy muscles during the time he was sucking on my breasts. Now all that remained was his upper jaw and another flimsy muscle hanging which I could only assume was his tongue. Veekar laughed loudly, "Surprised elf? Now you'll have to appease him" he grinned, "Ever felt two cocks up your ass slave?" he cackled.

My eyes widened, I could only stare in shock, "two?" I thought to myself, I may have had many horde members take me anally, but never two at the same time. Before I could even protest, thinking of how painful the experience was going to be, I felt Veekar's fleshy member invade my tight asshole, my only response was a loud scream of pain.

"Shut her up snake" Veekar ordered the other undead corpse, "the only thing I want to hear are your moans of pleasure elf breeder." he hissed in my ear as he pushed more and more of his cock in my ass. Before I could make any reaction, I suddenly felt a slimy muscle inside my throat. I opened my eyes and saw snake forcefully piercing my throat with his tongue, muffling my screams as what was left of his mouth encompassed mine. This wasn't a kiss, a kiss is done by two people who care about each other. This was more primal, and its purpose, as Veekar had said, was to shut me up as I knew that what I was to receive would be very painful. After my ass got accustomed to Veekar's cock invading my anal cavity, I started moaning in pleasure and accepting Snake's tongue snaking in and out of my mouth. Veekar saw this and laughed. "Looks like she's starting to like you snake. Or is it that you like having a big cock in your ass, slut?" he asked with a grin spread across his face. I could only reply with a muffled moan of pleasure.
