 The stories in the "Celebrity" section of Literotica are all fictional parodies - none are true, nor are they approved of by the celebrities named in the stories. Authors write these fictitious stories about famous people for the same reason that Larry Flynt made fun of Jerry Falwell, because they can. The Supreme Court of the United States, the country where this site is located, has ruled that parodies involving famous people are perfectly and totally legal under the United States Constitution. The specific case law on this was decided in the case of "Hustler Magazine, Inc. et al. v. Jerry Falwell" in 1988. No harm is intended toward the celebrities featured in these stories, but they are public figures and in being so, they must accept that they are fair target for parodies by the public. We believe in the first amendment, and more broadly, in the basic principle of free speech and this section may push the boundaries of that principle, but the United States Supreme Court has approved of this type of material. We believe that the Supreme Court was correct in their decision.

Orc Invasion Ch.4

	The battle had been won, the horde army gathered at their encampment in the Arathi plains. A giant bonfire had been set in the middle of the camp as the sun was setting. A cool night breeze passed as the army prepared for the events of the evening, events that would further solidify the Horde’s victory over the alliance.

 	Trogg walked from one end of the line to the other, smiling a crooked smile as he examined the captives. He was very satisfied, his army had done  as he had asked. All the men from the alliance were killed and tossed into the river to be dragged by the current. All the women on the other hand, both human and night elf, were captured, their eyes bound and their bodies dragged into a line formation in front of Trogg. Many of the men behind him cheered and hollered as Trogg examined his specimens. While many of the human females were not as tall or well endowed as the night elves, their sexy, curvaceous short stature made them very desirable, especially by some of the hulking Tauren that were eyeing them, licking their lips, a lustful look in their eyes. 

	Vessamoon, the Night Elf Paladin Sergeant who led the female troops to battle with such fierce energy. Now stood in front of the enemy army, bound and unable to see anything. The cool night breeze passing through her braided blue hair, sweat dripped down her well toned, muscular body. Her whole body shivered from fear, not just for her life, but her whole troop’s life. She had found it very odd that the horde had decided to spare the women while they slaughtered the men. The horde would normally leave no survivors, it scared her to think that the only reason for them being spared, is so they could be tortured and killed slowly. 

	Amongst her troop was Vessamoon’s little sister Mina, four years younger than her, Mina had definitely inherited the same curvaceous body as her older sister, while her breasts were not as big as her older sister’s, they did often make men turn their heads for a second look. They may have been sisters, however, they were complete opposites of each other. While Vessamoon, or Vessa as Mina would call her older sister, was strict and tried to remain in shape. Mina was more loose. Rather than braiding her blue hair like her sister, she preferred a sexy pony tail. She would also rather spend time with her friends at a nearby hot spring rather than train as strictly as her older sister. Vessa’s life was that of preparing for war. Mina on the other hand, would rather spend time with friends.

	Next to Vessamoon stood the second in command and Vessa‘s best  friend, Elia, another paladin with a voluptuous red hair, held together into a bun. She had penetrating green eyes, a curvaceous body with a milky white tone to her skin. Elia too preferred to keep her curvaceous body in shape, but not nearly as strict as Vessa. She was now trying to choke up the fear and keep it bottled inside, she had seen many of her comrades die today, she felt lucky though, her husband was currently based elsewhere and did not suffer the same fate as the men did in this battlefield. 

	All three of the girls listened in fear, hearing the whistling and hollering as they were displayed as nothing more than eye candy. Feet tramping on the ground as Trogg continued walking from one end of the line to the next, examining each and every girl, licking his lower jaw, “Mmm… such fine females.” Trogg said grinning a crooked grin. His men behind him joined him in a laugh that sent shivers down the spines of all the girls in the line. Twenty women, Trogg counted, twenty of both the human and night elf race, for an army of 50 lust filled horde men of all four races. Orc, troll, tauren and undead.. This of course did not count some of the few horde women who planned on joining in the events of the evening, just so they could get back at the alliance.

	“I’ll take the red one” grinned Thurs, one of the Tauren generals, pointing towards Elia, the Paladin Sergeant. Trogg looked back and nodded his approval at the giant beast. Thurs stood at a massive seven feet tall, his body rippled with muscles that were covered by black fur. A top his head were two massive black horns, signifying his leadership as a Tauren. He also wore a gold nose band, and his long black mane was worn into two thick braids on his shoulders, and another braid under his snout. His eyes were a penetrating, blood thirsty red. A long ugly scar ran through the length of his face. His body, while well built and massive, had the scars of many battles. His blood thirsty demeanor had tried to find crueler ways to get back at those cowards from the alliance, and after hearing Trogg’s proposition. He couldn’t have agreed more. What better way to have revenge on the men from the alliance than to take their women and make them their servants. Thurs couldn’t help but have a broad wicked grin spread on his face as he saw the young woman tremble. He knew that little human woman wouldn’t go back to the alliance after he had his way with her.

	“Mmm… this one looks tender.” Said Rall, the Troll army’s general with a crooked smile as he ran his hands across Mina‘s hair and face. Her whole body shuddering at his touch, tears of fear and sweat running down her silky light purple skin. “Mmm I’ll definitely have some fun with you.” he laughed. Rall also had penetratingly red, blood thirsty eyes. His hair was a flaming red mess, and he stood at a little over six feet tall, at least he woud if he didn’t slouch as most Trolls do. His blue-ish green body also rippled with muscles, and battle scars that could be plainly seen as well. Two big and curved tusks jutted from his mouth. Just as with Thurs, this symbolized his upper rank in the army, and the golden nose ring simply solidified this position.

	Trogg chuckled in approval, then licked his lips as he saw the strong one, Vessamoon. He eyed closely her well muscle toned body. “Mmm… this one.“ Was all he said as he ran his thick green fingers over her face, down to her chin. Delighting in the fact that she was trying to show her strenght even after being defeated. He knew she would be a great challenge, but all the better he thought to himself. “Mmm I bet you’re wondering what is going to happen to you? Don’t you?” he whispered mockingly into Vessa’s ears, she turned her head away in disgust, feeling the Orc general’s breath on her face. “Don’t worry she-elf” he chuckled mockingly. “Soon you will continue on living… as our servants” he said with emphasis.

	“I’d rather die! You filth!” Vessa said trying to gather as much courage as she could muster.

	“You don’t have much of a choice she elf” Trogg laughed. “believe me, if you choose death, I will personally make sure that it is slow and painful” he grinned, Vessa kept her head turned away from the foul beast. He turned to look towards Mina and could sense the fear permeating through her body. A crooked smile spread through his face, “Or maybe we should take this little one’s life instead? Would you be able to bear going on living knowing you were responsible for her death?” He chuckled. 

	She knew he was more than likely talking about her little sister. “What will you have me do?” she said finally defeated. Vessa could never go on living she was responsible for her little sister’s death.

	Trogg grinned victorious, “You and the rest of your troops will be the horde’s new servants.” He said running his finger through her chin, “and by that, I mean you will serve us in ANY way we please” he said with a chuckle as he grabbed Vessa’s hand and violently placed it in his loincloth, where his bulge was starting to show. The rest of the army joined him in laughter. 

	Violently Vessa pulled her hand back, horrified now that she knew what were their plans, worse yet, it wasn’t just her that would be used, but her whole troop. Her attempts to save her sister and the women in her troop seemed all to be in vain. “Never!” she yelled at the foul beast as her final attempt. “Never would I allow it!”

	Trogg pulled the cloth over her eyes so she could see. He stared at her intently, his eyes narrowed and his brow furrowed, the grin he wore on his face now replaced with a more menacing look. “You don’t have much of a choice now she elf! You had already agreed to it.” with a wave of his hand, the Orc soldiers behind him took three steps back, and fifteen undead soldiers took their place. Trogg looked at Vessa with penetrating eyes, her whole body, as well toned as it was, was now felling like jelly as it succumbed. “Alright boys, get ready!” he ordered, the menacing look replaced again with an evil grin. Twenty Troll and Orc captors stood behind the women, Rall taking his place behind Mina, and Thurs behind Elia. grabbing them tightly, waiting for the Orc general’s order. Smiling a crooked smile, Trogg moved behind Vessa and waved one of his hands again signaling the twenty captor’s behind the women to remove the blindfold from their eyes. 

	Rubbing their eyes, the women tried quickly to regain their senses and look about where they were, the darkness of the night blinding them momentarily. But before any other moves were made, they stared straight ahead and there in the darkness, fifteen pairs of glowing eyes stared at them and loud cackling from the undead were heard as they tormented them. While they tried their best to move, they couldn’t. The human and night elf women had been taken by the fear paralysis effect that many suffer when looking at the undead straight in their eyes. Mixed with the undead laughter was also the laughter of the Orc general. “Wha- What’s happening? Why can’t we move?” Vessa uttered.

	“As I said she elf… you don’t have much of a choice now” grinned Trogg as he whispered into the night elf’s long, slender ears. He waved one of his hands again towards the undead. Five of the fifteen stepped forward, they were the casters, they all joined in a strange chant while the women remained still due to the paralysis. Soon a heavy purple mist lifted  from the ground right beneath the line up. “It’s a spell,” Trogg uttered again in her ear. “No matter how strong you may think you are she elf, you will succumb… this spell allows your body’s arousal level to increase, soon you won’t be listening to your conscience, but to your body’s desires, no one can escape it.” he grinned wickedly. 

	There was a look of horror in Vessa’s face, she didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t move due to the fear paralysis and now this spell would make her finally succumb to the Orc’s wishes. She could already feel her pussy start to get wet, her knees becoming weak.

	“Bring the breeder.” Trogg commanded. “Now you will see what I mean by becoming our servant she elf!” he grinned. “We already have one of your kind who willingly came to us.” Vessa closed her eyes, not wanting to believe it. “That’s right! What’s more, she’s even willingly become one of our breeders and is now pregnant with Orc child!” He kept tormenting Vessa. “Soon you and every single one of your troops will follow that path.” he said, running his tongue along Vessa’s cheek, leaving a trail of slime and spit. “You will do it willingly too.” he promised the stubborn night elf.

	The effects had become stonger by now, the level of arousal was such that, already some of the women started emitting low moans as their bodies started betraying them. The whole Orc army laughed triumphantly. Trogg  didn’t need to order the captors anymore, already the Troll and Orc captors had begun tossing the women’s armor to the floor, leaving them only in their skimpy thongs and bras.  Orc and Troll hands were running across the naked flesh, teasing and caressing their breasts with one hand, while sliding the other hand down their captor’s thongs and teasing their captor’s already wet pussies.

	Vessa was the only one so far that had tried to fight her urges the most. Trogg was fondling her breasts with one of his thick hands, while teasing her already wet pussy with the other. As good as it was feeling, as much as her body wanted it, she kept fighting. That is, until she saw the breeder, Yunie, finally arrived at the scene. Yunie was being walked out in front of the line up by a leash attached to her slave collar. Snake, his tongue hanged, now with now lower jaw, was doing the honors. Vessa looked horrified, the Orc was right, she had become a slave, and a breeder, pregnant with child. 

	“I heard you were having the time of your life with Snake” Trogg grinned as he addressed Yunie. “Maybe I should let you be Snake‘s personal sex slave and breeder.” he laughed as he continued teasing Vessa‘s engorging clit. Yunie‘s cheeks flushed red, nodding in approval to Trogg‘s wishes. She was to be Snake‘s and would serve only him unless he said otherwise. If Snake could speak, he would express his approval. “Why don’t you show your friends all the ‘benefits’ you’ve had since joining the horde” he grinned maliciously as he tore through Vessa’s thong and bra, tossing them to the ground.

	Yunie only giggled, her cheeks flushed. “Very well master.” She replied, then eagerly knelt in front of her new master, the mouth less monster, Snake. She grabbed the band of his pants with her teeth and cooed seductively as she brought down his pants with her mouth, his already growing cock springing to life. Hungrily and without hesitation, Yunie started licking and sucking the length of the hard rotting piece of flesh, she licked down to his hanging balls, engulfing them one at a time into her hungry mouth before going back and engulfing his cock again. Moans and groans of pleasure from both Yunie and Snake were heard as she kept putting on her show for the soon to be sex slaves and breeder’s of the horde. 

	The musky scent of sex created by the spell was now becoming overwhelming, most of the women by this point were now willingly grinding their pussies against the savage invading hands. Even Elia and Mina were now reaching back towards their captors, and stroking their growing cocks, Thurs let out a triumphant bellow as Elia willingly stroked his 15 and a half inch, slimy, red pointy member out of its furry sheath. Rall laughed shrilly as Mina willingly stroked his long green-ish cock up and down and fondling his heavy balls with her other hand. Vessa was seeing all of this occurring around her with disbelief, she looked at the breeder in front of her with anger. “Traitor!” she uttered, “Traitor!” again louder so Yunie could hear. 

	Yunie turned to face Vessa, not really bothered by what she said. “Me? You should look at yourself darling” she giggled, then happily went back to sucking Snake’s cock humming as she bobbed her head up and down the fleshy member of her undead master.

	Vessa looked down in between her legs, she could see Trogg’s fingers wet with her pussy juices. Yunie was right, Vessa  had called Yunie a traitor, but at the same time, she was calling herself a traitor. As much as she hated to admit it, her whole body was completely aroused by the whole scene. Before she knew what was happening, her body also started to respond to Trogg’s finger inside her soaked pussy, and she let out a loud moan as he touched her spot. Trogg laughed triumphantly, he had broken her. She also saw her little sister had been broken too. From the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of her little sister Mina, bending down in front of the foul Troll, and was willingly stroking his cock up and down and sucking on his big mushroom head. Vessa looked towards her friend Elia, and saw her also willingly stroking the giant Tauren’s fleshy pointy rod in her hands, what’s more, she was also engulfing the red slimy cock in her mouth as well, humming seductively as she bobbed her head up and down the fleshy tool.  The spell may had taken control over the rest of the women, but Vessa tried to fight it as much as she could. She turned again towards Yunie, and saw the breeder already on her back, splaying her legs wide, moaning in pleasure as her undead lover started pounding his hard cock in and out of her pregnant pink pussy. 

	“Mmm… this one’s a real cock slut” Thurs said triumphantly, the long thick braids of mane swaying back and forth, touching and teasing the red head’s milky white breasts. He stared down at the voluptuous human humming and sucking his slimy cock. He grinned wickedly as he focused on her hands and saw a glint from her ring. “A married slut too!” he exclaimed victoriously, the horde had given a nasty blow to the alliance, they had defeated their army without casualties, they had taken their women captive, and what’s more, he was now being serviced by a sexy married paladin. Grinning victoriously, he placed a heavy hand on the back of her head, and bucked his hips in and out, shoving more of his pointy cock deep down her throat as he cackled loudly, his Tauren men joining in laughter. 

	Vessa’s cheeks flushed red as she heard the Tauren have his way with her friend. She couldn’t deny it either, her body wasn’t letting her. The whole scene was getting her hotter and hotter, she was willingly grinding and moaning as Trogg engulfed one of her supple breasts into his mouth, while continuing to finger her hungry cunt with the other. 

	“Omm… you should learn to relax hun.” she heard Yunie say, “All your friends are having fun, why shouldn’t you? Besides, Orc men have bigger cocks than those wimps from the alliance anyway.” She said as she giggled mockingly.  She was right, Vessa thought to herself, and she could obviously feel it from Trogg’s raging hard cock pressing against her ass cheeks. 

	Another moan was heard, this one from her sister Mina. Vessa quickly turned towards her, shocked at what she saw. Mina was one her hands and knees, moving the thong to the side, looking back at the ugly Troll general over her shoulder as she wiggled her firm ass invitingly. Her legs were spread, exposing her pink pussy, the blue pubic hair trimmed into a thin triangle shape. Vessa couldn’t believe what she was seeing, her own little sister was bent down on the floor, slapping her ass cheeks invitingly as the cruel Rall approached the young night elf with his long 13 inch cock. “Come here big boy.” called out her sister with a lust filled giggle. “Come here and show me what REAL men can do.” She laughed seductively.

	“Mina!” Vessa exclaimed in disbelief.

	“Relax sis,” Mina giggled, “besides, it’s not the first time I’ve been taken by members other than the alliance.” she smiled. “You should see what a whole gaggle of Goblins and Murlocs can do.” she grinned lustfully. Vessa couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Her whole body shuddered and quivered. She couldn’t contain herself anymore.

	“You hear that Trogg?” Rall said, addressing Trogg in his Trollish shrill tone, “Goblins and Murlocs! Guess this little slut won’t be hard to convert after all.” Rall laughed victorious as he grabbed on tight to Mina’s hips. “Get ready slut, because once we’re done with you, you won’t go back to those cowards from the alliance OR to that gaggle of Goblins and Murlocs.” He promised, Mina looked back, giggling lustfully as she wiggled her ass invitingly again. Rall took his queue and inched his long greenish cock inside the night elf’s wet pussy, the walls contracting and expanding invitingly, letting out moans of pleasure as the troll invaded her welcoming pussy.
