 DISCLAIMER:

The stories in the "Celebrity" section of Literotica are all fictional parodies - none are true, nor are they approved of by the celebrities named in the stories. Authors write these fictitious stories about famous people for the same reason that Larry Flynt made fun of Jerry Falwell, because they can. The Supreme Court of the United States, the country where this site is located, has ruled that parodies involving famous people are perfectly and totally legal under the United States Constitution. The specific case law on this was decided in the case of "Hustler Magazine, Inc. et al. v. Jerry Falwell" in 1988. No harm is intended toward the celebrities featured in these stories, but they are public figures and in being so, they must accept that they are fair target for parodies by the public. We believe in the first amendment, and more broadly, in the basic principle of free speech and this section may push the boundaries of that principle, but the United States Supreme Court has approved of this type of material. We believe that the Supreme Court was correct in their decision.

*

The Bonfire was burning a deep red and orange. The moonlight shrouded by the clouds making the surroundings much darker, and the light from the bonfire more penetrating. The horde army had succeeded in giving the alliance a deep blow, and now they were settling around the bonfire, a big table around the campfire was set with many foods displayed. The hungry army sat down to engorge themselves after the long battle. They laughed and drank as they told stories of earlier that day, when they had captured 20 women from the alliance, and had coerced them into becoming the horde's newest breeders. The 20 breeders were equally divided amongst the four races. The undead army keeping a sixth breeder, Yunie as per the orders of the Orc general Trogg. 

After having undertaken the biggest orgy known in Azeroth between the alliance women and the horde men. The women were escorted to their new tent, commanded to clean up and change their armor into more appropriate clothing, that is to say, more appropriate for a breeder, sheer see through gypsy clothing with golden trimming, and the horde symbol stitched in front. The 20 women were also marked with a slave collar that hung on their necks with tags that read "Sex Slave" and "Breeder." Under different circumstances, these women would've more than likely refused and taken death instead. However, after having experienced the pleasure that they had experienced, they could never go back, they did not even want to. In fact, they too were sharing stories of the pleasurable experience they had, giggling like lusty school girls as they changed into their new attire. They were looking forward to the night's events.

When the breeders were called, they joined their new masters at the table near the bonfire. Relieving their stress with massages, or feeding them, their job was basically that of harems, their only job description being that of serving all their master's wishes. The horde had won the battle against the alliance, and the women now only thought it fair that they repay and honor it with servitude. At least, that was the justification for their submission. The reality was that they wanted more of that pleasurable experience they had earlier, and they knew they would get it from them.

The women gathering towards their respective masters did everything asked. Vessa was seen under the table, taking Trogg's giant cock in her hungry wet mouth. Trogg moaning as his newest breeder serviced him, he of course continued dinning and chatting with his comrades in arms while she serviced him. Vessa's little sister Mina was seen straddling Rall's giant member, sinking it in and out of her wet pussy while Rall continued talking with Trogg about the battle earlier that day. Elia was straddling her Tauren Master's hips, she was giving Thurs a sensual lap dance, gyrating her hips in a circular motion. Thurs was thoroughly pleased and it was obvious from his large, slimy red cock protruding from its furry sheath, twitching uncontrollably. Yunie was also currently pleasuring her new undead masters, she was bent over the table, her heaving breasts squashed on the table surface as Snake took her pregnant pussy. 

Trogg slammed his mug hard on the wooden surface, calling to everyone's attention, making sure things didn't get too out of hand, not before the entertainment that is. The room fell silent as the Orc general caught their attention, and all pleasuring services from the breeders ceased. "Men!" he called out raising his mug, "today is a glorious day for the horde!" the men cheered lifting their own mugs. "We managed to defeat those cowards from the alliance AND made their women our own!" the men cheered louder, the women simply giggled and blushed.

"We just only think it fair that we submit to the winners" Vessa said with a lustful smile, the rest of the girls joined her, giggling lustfully. "Besides, we were starting to get bored of those pompous, self righteous, cowardly men and their small needle dicks" She said, then engulfed Trogg's cock back into her mouth, Mina and Elia giggled agreeing with Vessa as they both continued serving their new masters. The army joined them in laughter, then cheered and hollered at the new breeders. A wicked grin spread across Trogg's face cackling after hearing Vessa, pleased with her statement.

"That's right!" Trogg continued, "It is only fitting that they submit to us, especially after all they've caused to our race. Having won against their men, it is clear that we are the superior race, and they be unfit for these young sluts." He said, "Therefore, I believe that from now on, all their women we capture should subject themselves to us! For the Horde!" He yelled lifting his mugs. The men joined him, lifting their mugs and cheering too. "We will make it so that each and every horde member from now on will have their own personal servant and breeder!" he proclaimed, the crowd cheering louder, many of the women were blushing, getting turned on by the prospect of what Trogg was saying, what was more, they had already seen that they were more than capable of achieving that very goal. 

Elia moaned uncontrollably as she continued giving her new master, Thurs, a lap dance, gyrating her hips in circles, teasing his cock. Excited about the possibility seeing a future were all the horde men would have their own personal breeders, and the alliance men, the cowards that they were, would finally get what they deserved and be left to die while the alliance women thrived with the horde men.

"To celebrate this greatest feat" Trogg continued. "We have planned for entertainment to be provided by the horde's first breeder." he grinned wickedly looking towards Yunie, whom had stopped serving her undead masters and was again wearing her see through dress, and was being guided now by an undead woman into a platform in between the bonfire and the dinner table, giving the men a good view of the event to happen.

The undead woman. Reeka, was a horrible sight to look at, most of her facial skin was missing, leaving her looking mostly like a skull with some flimsy skin hanging. Her hair was a blue hue and was very unkempt. Her skin was a blue-green tone. Just like most of her comrades, some of her limbs were nothing more than bones strung together by muscle attachments, While the flesh was indeed decaying, the corpse was held together due to arcane magics. The most visible telling sign she was a female, considering how much of her body had been eaten away by time and war, were her big 36 DD breasts that were held together by a tattered bra, her hairy pussy also covered by a tattered old thong.

The horde men cheered and hollered as the decaying, almost naked corpse strut herself into the podium in front of the men, dragging Yunie behind her with a leash attached to Yunie's collar. Reeka pulled Yunie close to her, staring at Yunie intently with glowing eyes. Yunie gave the female corpse a defying, lust filled smile. Reeka cackled at the breeder's reaction. "I've seen you slut," Reeka said mockingly, "I know that you love to please undead men, but lets see if you can do the same with women." she cackled. Reeka turned to face Trogg. A crooked smile spreading across her face as Trogg waved a hand, commanding the two women to commence the entertainment.

Grabbing the back of my head tightly, Reeka pulled me close to her skeletal face, grinning wickedly, she opened her jaw and encompassed my smooth silky lips. Snaking her leathery tongue out, she prodded my own tongue. I was surprised at first, but after remembering the pleasure that had been given to me earlier by Snake, I simply closed my eyes, relaxed and enjoyed what this undead woman was doing inside my mouth. Low moans started escaping me as she continued prodding my mouth with jabbing motions. Reeka cackled after hearing my reactions to what she was doing. Her foul breath was upon me, but so was the musky scent of sex. The men cheered the undead on as she continued playing with my pregnant body.

"Mmm, you liked that didn't you slut?" Reeka said grinning, then pulled y me down, forcing me to kneel on the floor. With a quick yank, she pulled her tattered thong to the side, she exposed her now wet, bushy pussy, the scent was a mixture of decay and sex. Forcefully she pulled my head even closer. "Eat it bitch! Let me see if you like eating undead pussy just as much as you like undead cock!" she commanded. My own pussy started quivering in anticipation, as disgusting as it may have been, I wanted it, and badly. Absorbing the musky scent of her pussy, I eagerly started licking her wet slit, running my tongue up and down, flicking her engorging clit. Reeka let out a deep groan as my tongue invaded her slit, my tongue ran in circles, tasting her juices. She forced my face even deeper into her, covering my face with her hairy, unkempt pussy. 

Unable to contain myself, I got on my hands and knees and started fingering my wet pussy with one hand, while I continued licking Reeka's pussy. Moaning in pleasure as I invaded her pussy with stabbing motions of my tongue. I could already see some of the men that had no breeders servicing them, were now pulling out their cocks from their trappings and started stroking their big meats, the horde men that did have breeders servicing them, were commanding them to stroke their giant members, or to seduce them with a lap dance. The whole scene was making me so hot. I had been put on display for their entertainment, I was to service this disgusting looking undead woman, and I was loving it just as much as they did. 

Kneeling down, I felt Reeka's bony fingers prodding my pussy. A loud moan escaped me as she fingered my wet hole. But this feeling was only momentarily as she was only lubricating her fingers with my juices. She then placed her fingers at my anal entrance and started rubbing them at my ring. "Mmm... That's it bitch!" She hissed, "keep moaning because I'm gonna finger your asshole good." she said grinning, then started pushing her fingers inside my tight anal cavity. A loud groan of pleasure escaped me as I felt her lubricated fingers invade my ass, my hips starting to move back involuntarily to meet her bony fingers as they fucked my tight asshole. I then felt a hard slap against my ass cheeks, "I didn't say you could stop eating my pussy, bitch!" she said in a vicious tone, engulfed in the pleasure she was creating, I had forgotten about her pussy. To make amends I went back to hungrily eating her hairy, unkempt, musky pussy, moaning in pleasure as she fingered my tight ass. A lust filled smile spread across my face as I heard the undead woman groaning and moaning again in pleasure, encouraging her to quicken her pace inside my anus.

The encampment was filled with our moans and groans mixed wit those of the rest of the horde army. Hoots and hollers were heard as the men watched intently at the night elf and the undead woman pleasuring each other. Some of the men already were sinking their hard members into some of the breeders as they could no longer hold on any longer. Vessa was bent over on the table, her body pinned to the surface, her loud moans could be heard as Trogg viciously fucked her pussy raw. Trogg wanted to breed this stubborn one badly, and was going to do it no matter what it took.

After what seemed like a pleasurable eternity of Reeka fingering my ass and I licking her purple cunt. She suddenly stopped and backed away, going to a corner of the podium, she produced a bag from under the surface, and took out a couple of things, then headed back towards me. "Turn around slut!" she commanded, I did as she asked and turned around so that my pussy and ass were staring at her, and I was staring back at the horde men.

Without notice, I suddenly felt some pressure at my anal entrance, with that, a loud pop was heard as a round object was inserted, "Relax elf slut," the undead corpse said, "They're anal beads, each one bigger than the last." she laughed wickedly. I relaxed as much as I could, then felt another of the round objects enter my ass, then the next, as she said, each one bigger than the last, there was some discomfort with each one she inserted. This continued until I must've had at least ten of the round beads inside my tight anal cavity. I then felt her cold hand resting against one of my ass cheeks, while she held the string attached to the beads in her other hand. "Get ready elf slut!" She grinned, and with that, started pulling the string, the feeling of discomfort turning into a feeling of pleasure as I felt each and every one of those beads pop out my ass. "Looks like the elf slut loved it" she laughed, "guess I should do that again huh slut?" she hissed in my long slender ears.

"Mmm... yes mistress... anything you command." I cooed, and with that she proceeded to invade my asshole again and again with the anal beads, my moans becoming louder. By this point, the 20 breeders were now being taken by their masters, many of them were taken by more than one member at a time. Vessa now was having her tight anal hole invaded by Trogg's green cock, while her Pussy was being taken by another Orc general, Krock. Vessa's body writhed in pleasure as she was being sandwiched by two Orcs, Mina was respectively being taken by two trolls, and Elia by two Tauren, they all writhed and shuddered in sheer ecstasy as their masters had their way with them.

"Now you're ready" grinned Reeka after pulling out the beads out of my red-sore anus. Looking back over my shoulder, I saw her attaching an odd looking strap on dildo, with a long and thick plastic member on the front, it was pointy and had a wide base, similar to that of a big dog, and a smaller one, curved on an angle on the other side. The smaller one of course would go inside her own wet pussy, so she could pleasure herself as well as my pussy with each thrust. Reeka let out a low moan as she attached the strap on to her waist, inserting the small curved dildo extension inside her soaked, purple pussy. She then grinned and slapped her bony hands across my tight round ass, grabbing a handful of my cheeks and pinching them viciously. 

I let out a loud groan of both pain and pleasure as I felt the pointy head stretching my tight rectum. A loud popping noise was heard as the plastic member tore through my ass. "That's it bitch!" Reeka moaned as she kept thrusting the object into my ass. "Take my big cock into your tight little elf ass" she grinned wickedly. Grabbing on firmly to my hips, the undead corpse pulled most of the plastic member out, then slammed it back into my orifice, sinking it almost completely into my anal cavity. I let out loud bestial moans as she picked up her pace, slamming the hard plastic member into my ass as it started flexing involuntarily with each thrust, sending shivers all over my body.

"Mmm... Gawd that feels sooooo good Mistress" I cooed, bucking my hips back forcefully to meet the undead corpse's thrusts. She cackled lustfully as she picked up her pace, slamming my tight asshole even harder and faster, sending my heavy pregnant body forward, and my breasts swaying wildly with each of her pounding thrusts. 

"Mmm that's what you say now elf bitch!" she grinned, "But I'm not done with you yet!' she said cackling. The continued slamming the giant plastic dildo even deeper into my ass, so much as I could start feeling the wide base, the plastic knot resembling that of a big dog. My eyes widened as I started feeling Reeka try to push it even further. A groan of pain escaped me as she continued trying to force the tool inside me. "That's right bitch! Lets see if you can take an animal cock" she teased, "I've already heard that you could take two cocks up your slutty ass, I'm sure you'll be able to handle this." She said mockingly as she bit on my long slender ears and pinched my engorged sensitive nipples with her bony hands.

"Mmm... yes Mistress. Give it to me!" I pleaded, "Please fuck me like the little elf slut I am!" I screamed, pushing my hips harder on to the dildo's knot. There was a lot of pain and discomfort, but she was right, if I could take two cocks inside my ass before, this should be no problem. Also, by this point nothing mattered, my body had taken over and the only thing on my mind was pure primal lust, my body was in heat, and the only thing that could satiate it was the pleasure this undead woman was giving me. Reeka cackled triumphantly as she saw my response and slapped my round ass again.

"That's a good elf bitch!" she said grinning as she slowed her pace to a stop, adjusted the dildo again, and with a grunt she started slowly pushing the dildo deeper and deeper, forcing the knot into my pregnant pussy. I let out a long drawn out moan as I relaxed my ass muscles as much as I could. I felt the knot slowly inching its way into my tight orifice. A loud pop was heard, and the knot finally broke through my anal entrance. Reeka gave a final shove and the knot entered completely. 

"Oh My Gawd!" I screamed in a mixture of pain and pleasure, feeling my asshole being stretched completely by the big plastic knot. Reeka let out a loud moan of her own as she buried the smaller dildo deeper into her, touching her engorged clit in all the right ways. She then gave my round ass cheek another slap and picked up her pace. It felt very discomforting at first. It's one thing to have just the thinner portion of the dildo, but it felt completely different to have it all the way inside me, knot and all. Reeka couldn't do long hard thrusts like before, of course because of having the knot tied up inside my ass. However, after the initial discomfort, I was soon moaning again as I got used to the feeling of the big plastic ball tied up inside my rectum. 

By this point, the whole scene had turned into another big orgy. The breeders pleasuring their masters as they watched the night elf splayed on her side, taking a big plastic knot deep inside her. Trogg was impaling Vessa 's ass with his giant green member. He was so intrigued after hearing that Yunie had taken two cocks at the same time, he decided to see if he could put Vessa to the test. He called Krock over and with wicked grin, he expressed his idea. Vessa's eyes widened, but at the same time she was very curious and pleaded that the two Orcs use her ass like the undead had used Yunie's. Cackling, the two Orcs high fived each other and Krock proceeded to insert his gian green member into Vessa's already filled asshole. 

"Mmm... just like a true bitch!" Reeka cackled as she continued her violent thrusts. "Only bitches can take a dildo shaped like a dog's cock." she said mockingly. "Now that you're the undead's breeder, I'll make sure I visit you often elf slut!" she promised. "How would you like that bitch?"
