 No sex in this episode, just lots of plot.

*

Romina was surprised at the pain of childbirth. She had figured between her many partners and the giant dildo—plus her initial rape by the troll—that her sex would have been stretched out enough to easily accommodate the head of a baby. It turned out she was completely wrong.

"Aaargh!" she screamed. It wasn't a scream of converting pain to pleasure. It was just pain alone.

"Push," the midwife said unhelpfully.

"Shut up!" Romina screamed.

The old woman was unmoved by Romina's reaction. Truly she had seen it all before and the reaction of the pregnant princess didn't move her at all. Romina's violent reaction to labor had quickly cleared the birthing room of all those who had come to gawk at the event. Only a few were left behind, Dev, his mother, her aunt and the midwife. After throwing anything and everything she could get her hands on, the room was soon abandoned by everyone except the midwife—at her suggestion. It wasn't the first time she had dealt with a difficult mother.

The contraction ended and the midwife frowned as she poked and prodded at Romina's hugely swollen belly. The night before Romina had been reveling with a cock in her cunt as she eagerly lapped the juices of one of the ladies in the queen's court. Some in the Society of the Weeping Rose had chuckled when her giant belly nearly formed the apex of a triangular support that was based on her knees, but Romina was proud of her belly and the child within. But none of the women complaining when Romina licked their pussies and the men were more than happy to deposit their seed in her already fertilized womb. Even though she wasn't slowed by her pregnancy, Romina knew her size was much larger than normal; it was the only evidence of the secret she held within her belly.

"Humpf! Twins," the laconic old woman finally announced when she finished her examination.

"What!" Romina burst out, already exhausted from the effort and length of her labor that had yet to produce any results.

"Haven't told the father yet? You should have known." The crone clicked her tongue and peered between Romina's legs again. Normally Romina would have loved the attention, but now she was just annoyed.

"How would I know there was more than one baby?" Romina puffed as she felt another contraction coming.

"Always that chance. Especially when you have more than one lover."

Any response Romina had was cut short by another strong contraction and an agonizing scream of pain.

"You'll have to decide what to do with the babies soon. You wouldn't be the first mother to get rid of one." The old woman was blasé about it, but Romina—even in her pain—realized that the crone would probably be happy to sell one of her babies to a barren couple who could afford the midwife's price.

"I'm keeping my children," Romina grunted through the pain.

The midwife paused but a moment, then said, "As you wish."

Her response was drowned out by the volume of the princess's scream.

"Do you want to display both to the father?" the crone asked some hours later after the babies had been expelled from Romina's womb.

She had been thinking about her answer for some time. It was easy to give. "No, just the girl for now."

"As you wish." The girl, the firstborn twin, was already firmly wrapped in a swaddling blanket, but the nurse added another one before she exited the birthing room. 

"And keep them outside, I don't want any visitors."

"As you wish."

Romina held the boy twin in her lap; it too was swaddled in too many blankets. She looked down into boy's face and decided it truly was an ugly child. Not deformed or imperfect. Just ugly. And the old saying was true, she easily realized, it was a face only a mother could love.

When the midwife was gone and Romina heard the acclamations of approval at the appearance of her daughter, she struggled her body out of the bed and stumbled over to the door. Every step was pure pain, but she could work through pain and bleeding, and making it to the heavy oak door she closed it firmly, but silently. She slid the thick black iron bar into place so that no one might enter. Only then did she think about what she needed to do next.

And she had no idea.

<>

It has been several hours since Romina had locked the door. And several more hours after that of pounding on the door, pleading, begging, threats and all other assorted methods of coercion to get the princess to open the door.

"New mother anxiety," the midwife said while rocking the slightly whimpering baby girl. "It happens."

"Not to my wife," Dev said angrily, kicking the door once again. "Get the king's guards," he barked at Nes. "We'll break down the door with brute force if need be." He turned back to the door. "Do you hear that, Romina? We're coming in there whether you want us to or not." He stormed around the room while the maids and others in attendance scrambled out of his way. "First time in a year she wants to be alone. Maybe she fucked everyone in this palace and doesn't know what to do now."

Nes then returned, accompanying six of the king's guards carrying a small battering ram more suitable for storming a rebellious lord's stronghold than knocking down the door to a princess's bedroom. Upon seeing the size of the ram, the midwife stood up and announced, "I think I'll find a wetnurse." Most of the other guests left with her.

It only took one blow from the ram to smash open the door. The wall shattered where the bolt had been driven into the stone spraying rock fragments across the room. Dev rushed in before the guards had a chance to put down the ram. Nes was on his heels ready to prevent the young lord from doing something foolish. 

The room was all but empty. The child and the princess were gone.

"Where is she?" Dev screamed, first at Nes and then at the puzzled guards.

It only took a minute for Nes to figure out where the princess had gone. There were scrapes in the stone around the far window. The most telling piece of evidence was the broken talon left behind. He picked up the hooked black claw and examined it. 

"Trolls," he muttered, showing Dev.

He turned and stalked from the room.