 Spoiler Tags: Lesbian, Orc, Transformation, Corruption, Fingering, Monster Girl, Rough Sex, Non-Con, FemDom, Voyeur

Big thanks to VeeBird for helping look things over before I hit the publish button.

Disclaimer- I have a feeling that this story might not be for everyone. If you're unsure/squeamish check the spoiler tags. That's it. Hope you enjoy.

*

"I've got a pole for ya to wash," Jason called out to me as I tried to avoid his lusty gaze. Just his latest in an endless list of provocative statements he'd yelled out to me as I passed by the training ground on the way to the stream that ran behind our village each day. Sure, I could've avoided the human shaped turd pile by doing my job at a different time, but then I would miss out on the best part my day.

Her.

Shagraw. The newly minted guard captain who'd stumbled upon our village from god knows where. The female orc treated everyone with respect, at odds with her race's reputation as being mindless marauders. She'd intrigued me since my first look but I'd been unable to scrounge up any information in my subtle questioning of the more gossipy elements of our community other than the fact that, and this is a direct quote from Mrs. Fullerton, "She keeps to herself."

Since that first day, I'd been entranced by her rippling green muscles and thick braided hair that ran to the center of her back. Her pointed ears rife with sparkling loops of gold as she tossed her guardsman like sacks of flour around a rough beaten dirt square in a barely organized brawl she passed off as training. Her ivory tusks peaking through the corners of her lips that were curving upward as she helped a man to his feet. A scratched leather jerkin barely managed to contain what I'd often daydreamed to be massive endowments of feminineness.

Sighing, I returned to the present. I turned away from the dirt square as she began settling down the assembled men so the could begin their training with a variety of calisthenic exercises.

That's all it'll ever be Molly, a passing daydream to pass the time of your monotonous existence. It's not like I've ever talked to her or shared more than a passing glance of interaction.

No, the majority of our socialization, if you could call it that, was of me watching her work out while I washed my second load of clothes for the day. Each day's images fuel for my desperate fingerings at night, after all decent folk had gone to sleep, curled up next to their loved ones.

Hell, at times I'm convinced that half my work is cleaning up my bed sheets after my 'stress relief'. Smiling at the thought, I shook my head, my scraggly blonde locks dusting across my upper shoulders at the movement. Reaching my destination, a scraggly tree and accompanying stump at the edge of the river. My dark brown eyes circled their sockets as I noticed that Jason decided he had more witticisms to provide, following behind me like an unwanted stray.

"I caught me-self a deer yestermorn, if ya's interested I'd not mind feeding ya some o da meat, if ya know whut a mean?" Jason continued, his slimy appraisal making me feel like jumping into the icy river and scrubbing till my skin bled. I kept setting myself up for the day of work and said nothing, wishing once more to be granted the courage to tell him where he should stick his meat, mainly up his arse.

Although, that might be hard for him to figure out considering it's similarity to his face. I stifled a giggle at the thought as Jason abandoned his quest to 'pop my frozen cherry' as I'd once heard him tell his friends. He knew there'd be hell to pay if he missed any more of the guardsman training, his slacking having been refined to a fine art.

Almost ready to begin, I pulled the scrubbing board and bar of soap out the side of the basket and set about my mind numbing work. Sitting on an overturned bucket, I turned my gaze to take in the physical prowess of my crush, my hands working automatically on the methodical task of washing the collected linens of the townspeople.

Two hours passed in a haze of mild arousal, daydreams and sudsy cloth.

I was startled by a particularly steamy daydream of Shagraw using what I imagined to be a delightfully talented tongue on a place that wasn't fit to be discussed in polite company by a heavy hand falling on my shoulder. Stifling a yip of surprise, I blushed and scowled as fiercely as my mouse-ish figure could manage at Jason for sneaking up on me.

Oh. I practically melted into a puddle of embarrassment at the feet of the female orc from my fantasies. I stood up, uncaring of the partially cleaned dress that fell onto the ground as it slipped from my lifeless fingers. Brushing away imaginary specks of dust from my hips I took a step back to give myself room from her imposing figure. She moved forward with me, keeping maybe a foot and a half distance between us, well within the uncomfortable sphere of my personal space. I took a breath to speak, holding it awkwardly for a moment before releasing it in a whoosh, having found nothing to say. Shagraw's nostrils flared, as she swung her head, tasting the scents on the air. We danced that dance for maybe ten steps before I worked up the nerve to address her.

"May I help you?" I asked, a bit testily, throwing my hands on my hips, heart still racing from her surprising appearance.

"Maybe. I've been looking for someone. Might be you, might not. Seen you staring. Why?" She asked tersely, her stare intense. Blush caused my face to flare with heat. A warm stir of arousal swam in my belly at the implications of her words.

I'd thought I was so discrete. Rendered mute, no good answer came to mind as she went back to sniffing the air. She smiled, evidently pleased by whatever she smelled. She raised her hand to my face and I fought the urge to flinch, letting her calloused finger, two or three times larger than mine, gently brush a lock of blonde hair back behind my ear. Wide eyed, I blinked shyly at her a couple of times, unable to read the intentions behind her jade green eyes.

"You're unhappy. Do you dream of more?"

I was surprised at her easy appraisal of the entirety of my life. How simple and weak I must seem when measured against her own life of adventure and daring. I thought about lying, telling her I was content with my lot in life. "No, I'm not happy," I said, opting for the path of honesty. "I haven't been happy in a long time. I've often dreamed of being as strong and confident as you." I broke from her gaze, slightly ashamed but a little proud of my courage to tell her the truth.

"Perfect."

Her visage transformed before me, her eyes growing hard, filling with lust as she rolled her shoulders. She seemed to grow taller, towering over me with her muscles bulging and flexing. Her visage was grim, but I thought I saw a hint of a smile on the corner of her mouth as she stepped into my personal space.

"Kneel," she commanded, her voice like an edict straight from the lips of a god.

Or a demon.

My heart raced as I took a step back, trying to create some space so I could think. Her hand fell onto my shoulder and my knees crumpled like wet paper as she forced me to the ground. My knees slammed into the ground and forced a small cry of pain from me. She dug into my shoulder with her unholy strength as she stepped up closer to me, practically shoving my face into her groin. My doe eyes stared up at her, frightened and scared but too stunned to move. The musky stink of her body filled my nose, as I could clearly smell the sweat of her exertion and the odor of unwashed leathers. There was also a hint of something darker, something spicy, that danced around the edges of the smells assaulting my nostrils. Initially repulsed, I couldn't deny that there was something dark and enticing about the smell, something that drew me in with forbidden temptation.

Why is she doing this? She's never shown any interest in me before. 

Shagraw twisted her hand through my hair, gripping it in a fist. Using her makeshift rein she pulled my face flush against her leathers. Tears fell from my eyes and I held my breath as she kept tugging on my hair, sending flashes of pain as my hair threatened to rip from my head. Releasing my shoulder, she undid her belt allowing her leather skirt to fall away, revealing her pale green flesh to my gaze. My eyes fixed on the prominent dark emerald folds of her labia that framed her pussy. Her engorged clit was much bigger and prominent than my own as it poked its way out of the hood of flesh surrounding it.

God, that thing is maybe an inch long!

Her pussy was damp with her obvious arousal, dark beads of the blackish fluid, coalesced in her folds as droplets trailed down her legs.

I felt a sympathetic shame for her public nakedness, regardless of the fact that she had nothing to be ashamed of.

I just want to escape to my home so we can both forget this ridiculous thing ever happened. Especially before someone sees this.

She allowed me to examine her feminine sex for a short while before shoving my nose into her slit, practically penetrating herself as it speared her flesh, dousing my face with her juices. Holding out as long as I could my lungs begged inside my chest as I instinctively avoided smelling any more of the darkly enticing musk. She growled, rolling my nose through her folds as my hands grappled uselessly against her muscular thighs. Clawing at her butt, I gasped as I succumbed to my biological need for oxygen. Brackish liquid splashed into my mouth as it dripped from her nether lips to my gasping orifice.

Feverish warmth slammed into my gut like the kick from a mule. It was like chugging a pint of the strongest whiskey I'd ever tasted as it crawled down the back of my throat like a sinister serpent. I coughed into her pussy, my unintentional ministrations causing Shagraw to moan and pump her hips against my face. Regaining my breath, my wits whirled about me, cast asunder, sacrificed on the altar of her seductive lubrication. Licking my lips sent another pulse of fire in gut, with an echoing pulse of arousal igniting in my loins. Tentatively, I licked along her labia, her musk filling my nose and mind. Impatient, Shagraw pulled on my hair, my outstretched tongue penetrating her, generating a squirt of the simultaneously desirable and nasty drug of juices. The initial reluctance I felt faded as I laved her sex with an energetic fervor. My nose pushed into her engorged clit, flattening it as her flanks quivered under my grasp. The arousal flowed up and down my flesh in larger and larger tides. I felt myself wet in anticipation for a penetration I doubted would ever arrive. Releasing my grip on of her hard mounds of flesh, I hiked up my dress and, taking matters into my own hands, sunk a finger into my sodden privates. I was too sensitive, only needed a few desperate strokes before an orgasm rushed through me, causing me to tighten my mouth over Shagraw's privates, nipping her lightly with my teeth. She stilled above me just long enough to get worried about punishment.

I went to resume my licking, my tongue just barely skimming her feverish flesh before she went wild, crushing my face into her pussy as she convulsed. Animalistic grunts rained down on me as I slid my tongue through her folds. Rhythmic pulsing ran through her pussy as her tunnel clamped down on my tongue, trying to pull it deeper into her depths. She went entirely rigid, muscles standing in stark relief along her skin, and I felt four distinct tendrils of flesh within her pussy unfurl from the sides of her tunnel and grasp my tongue. Her heartbeat, quick and powerful, traveled in subtle tensing pulses that ran through the thin appendages wrapped around my tongue, binding me tight to her.

Ripples ran through her straining muscles as she practically gave me whiplash with her wild thrusting as she succumbed to an orgasm. Accompanying her orgasm, was a flood of her brackish juices that practically choked me with its volume, overfilling my mouth and leaving dark black stains over the neck and the chest of my dress. After a couple surging flows, her orgasm, and the onslaught, subsided and Shagraw released me to fall back onto the dirt.

I wallowed in a small fever of sexual gratification the likes of which I'd never experienced before. The burning in my gut had spread out to every part of my body, leaving my muscles weak and lethargic.

The breath hissed out of her lips, her mouth open as she stared down at my bedraggled form. I swelled a little with pride as I saw the trails of blackish fem-cum that snaked down her shapely thighs and bulging calves. It looked a little like the roots of a tree as the streams separated into tiny estuaries down her legs.

I did that. I was one that gave this woman pleasure.

Pride that was quickly snuffed out as the worst possible voice called out from behind me.

"Boss, here ayam. Wut you want to talk about?" Jason asked. I blanched from utter panic, smothering whatever enjoyment I'd had. I looked up at her face and I could see satisfaction and hunger without a hint of shame.

"Now wut have we here? I always thought you were a harlot, now ayes know it," he chuckled as he started to unbuckle his belt.

"Sit. There," Shagraw tersely boomed at Jason as she pointed to my washing bucket.

"I never been one to turn down seconds. Just let me know when she's ready for that special somethen only a man can provide."

Shagraw grunted in doubt as she removed her jerkin and tossed it over by her other clothes. The warmth that'd suffused my veins turned to ice water as I retreated inside my mind, escaping the only way I knew how. Shaking I began to pull myself up off the dirty ground, rolling onto my hand and knees, avoiding looking at anything and trying not to think about anything. A numbness settled over me like an unpleasant, yet somehow familiar blanket.

"No," Shagraw stated as she kicked my arms out from under me, sending my face sprawling into the dirt. Stunned, I laid there, my ass propped up in the air like a dog in heat.

She repeated her actions with my legs until I was flat against the dirt, my arms and legs splayed. The coldness grew more prominent and the color seemed to leech from the world, leaving it dressed in various shades of boring grey.

Fitting for the life I've led.

The breath was forced from my lungs as she sat her enormous frame on my lower back, but I barely felt the weight, my senses muted by a layer of scratchy cotton.

"So you're okay with this?" she asked, her voice pitched low and dangerous.

No. But there's nothing I can do about it, you're so much bigger and stronger than me.

Turning my head I viewed her massive breasts for the first time; heaving monuments of fertility they were tipped with large dark green areola the same shade as her nethers and nipples that begged to be caressed until they were turgid with arousal. Above her breasts her eyes bore into mine, daring me to contradict her.

"Fine," she stated darkly. "You've no one to blame but yourself for what comes next."

Pinning me to the ground with her glistening thighs, she sank her obsidian nails into the hem of my dress and panties, ripping both from me with one vicious motion, exposing my sex and legs to the air. I jerked once before the blanket settled over me again. Her thick fingers teased my sex as I lay there in the dirt, retreating further into my mind.

"Jason. Speak," she commanded as she continued to manipulate my sex with her surprisingly agile fingers.

"Wut? About wut?"

Her only answer was a glare.

"Uhhh... You got a pretty little cunt for such a frigid exterior. You always made like you was better than everrybuddy else but ma guess be that you was just afraid to ask for what you truly want. I'll bet ya love me see'en yaself liken this. Ya probably can't wait for me to shove my manhood up ya little snatch as deep as it go."

NO. The word raged from the depths inside me, screaming through my mind, driving back the cold numbness. Jostling various processes in its wake I could feel the consuming fury that it harbored. Closing my eyes, I shook off the thought, reaching out for the cold.

"No," Shagraw said, leaning over me, her prominent breasts barely obscuring her face. "Don't run from this. Embrace it. Fight!" With her final word she jabbed forward, inserting her finger into my pussy without any warning.

In full view of that...

Mothfucker...

Named...

Jason!!!

An inferno raced through my flesh as my eyes shot open, my face grimacing into a terrifying scowl. Accompanying the bonfire was a shadow of arousal that gripped me tight.

"Yes! Let it burn through your veins like a cleansing fire," she whispered to me in a throaty growl.

Magma ran through my veins as a the patch of skin over my belly button began to darken to a light green. Jason kept talking, his words going unheard as powerful desires ricocheted throughout my body. Groaning, I felt my internal organs shift and move, almost like they were making room for the something that was expanding inside me. Guttural sounds passed through my lips as I ground my teeth trying to control the sensations. Deep, sucking breaths ripped through my lungs as everything stabilized.

I've got this. I'm in control. Everything's under con-

Shagraw ripped her finger out in one smooth motion and my house of cards tumbled down around me, my tenuous control shattered with a single thrust and retreat. Groaning under the painfully intense pleasure I felt myself surrender to the pleasure of Shagraw's groping.

The molten heat reverberated from my core and sank into my bones, melting them like candle wax as unseen hands gradually sculpted them into a thicker more bestial framework. Jason had stopped talking at this point but I was in no position, mentally or physically, to notice. Heaving, I scrabbled against the ground, my fingers cutting tiny furrows into the grassy soil. My stomach shook and quivered as I felt weaves of iron hard muscles generate furrows of abs on my previously doughy stomach. Something wiggled on my back, a small nub of flesh that extended from between her sizeable ass cheeks, sweeping back and forth with short, inch long strokes.

Tensing my recently constructed stomach muscles sent a surge of savage glee through me as the bubbles of my six pack pushed into the ground. The lion-esque strength gave me a feral confidence as burgeoning urges began to swirl through my head.

The need to fight, to consume, to compete. To dominate... To fuck.

Wobbling, I failed to fend off the savage glee that pulled my lips into a bloodthirsty smile. Bundles of tendons bored their way into my shifting bones everywhere across my body; the new anchors provided the foundation for the tendril of muscle that formed from shoulder to elbow, before moving onto my wrist as rippling biceps and forearm muscles spun themselves into prominent bulges. My toes pointed, painfully extended as the same process repeated itself across my calves.

Spittle shot from my mouth as increased strength had my fingers cutting deep grooves into the ground, my flimsy human fingernails ripping from my flesh, watering the furrows with my blood. The thing kept expanding growing larger within me, my body a cage for the wild creature expanding inside me, consuming pieces of my essence in its fervor to escape. An odd quickening sensation within my mouth had me gasping and groaning as my spit coagulated into a viscous globby foam that flopped out of my mouth along with my thickened and reinforced tongue. Various cracks and snaps burst through the air as I rolled my head, massive neck muscles straining my flesh into tall ridges as they ran from the edges of my jaw to my shoulders.
