 This is the first chapter a multi-part, novel-length story. Think of it as epic high fantasy with a Dungeons and Dragons flavor. There's some exposition early on, but plenty of action to come. Feedback and comments are welcome! I hope you enjoy it.

I

The demons invaded decades ago, through a portal in the savage range of mountains that girded the western border of our empire. Though legends told of great beasts from other realms that would sometimes make incursions into our plane of existence, the corporeal monsters that roamed our lands - the dragons, the basilisks, the corrupted wizards - were real enough, and thus we paid no heed to the warnings in the forgotten ancient texts. But they came in legion, and rumors of their appearance were dismissed as the fantasies of weary caravan merchants and drunken sailors. The hill tribes worshipped their power, knowing no other gods, and were turned to their will in short order. The army came, and we turned them back; the demons thought they could overcome our magics, but a precious few among us, the wizards of the Starlight Tower, fought them and won. The bestial army was pushed back at the gates of our capital city and they scattered, and what little knowledge we had of them was put to work. The history books were written, and the stories rightfully focused on the stories of the heroes: Gallius the Magnificent, Halakai the Wondrous, Quentin the Unmatched. Though they lived long lives under the influence of their spells and potions, eventually they passed away, and left but a shadow of their power in the hands of their successors. My grandfather told the stories, tales from his childhood of fleeing a city overrun by the invaders, joining the army, fighting in that last battle alongside sorcerers of unfathomable power; my father, a man who grew up under the tutelage of a broken generation, passed them down to me.

The demons returned, of course. They had never really been dead, only decimated, and in attempting to evade the swords of militia companies wiping the last pockets of survivors from the countryside, devised a strategy much more insidious than before. Among the remnants of the otherworldly horde were the succubi and incubi who, not really male or female in spirit but presenting themselves in human-like bodies, worked their way into our empire, our cities, our towns, our homes. Thieving away the souls of our people by seducing them was easy work. The strict moral code some of our gods demanded of us was easily broken, and what had once been a horde of barbarian zealots became an underground cult, hiding in plain sight. They preyed on our men and women alike, draining their energies, using them as vessels for unholy reproduction. The succubi, impossible to distinguish from a human woman with the senses alone, harvested seed from our men and, once quick with child, killed them and left their battered bodies in dark alleyways and brothel chambers as ominous warnings. The incubi, with suggestive powers strong enough to break the resistance even the most pious priestess, kidnapped them and took them as wives. It went on for years before anyone knew. The half-demon half-human children were hidden away at first, and though their powers paled in comparison to their pureblood parents they could still seduce and breed and kill. We didn't even know we were fighting another war, and we had no army.

Then, around the time of by birth, or so I am told, the Orders emerged: the Brothers of the Sacred Sword, and the Sisters of the Sacred Sheath. Not an offshoot of any one church, but sanctioned as a holy order by the emperor, their temples appeared in the cities, their monasteries in the countryside. There was much secrecy around their operations, and in truth few of the common folk heard more than rumors and tavern whispers. Demon-slayers, holy warriors, blessed soldiers of superior prowess. Living on the streets, as I did, one heard more than the average peasant might. Gossip flowed through the city when I returned from the war against the pirates who raided the southern coast of the empire. Why hadn't the Orders intervened? Surely a handful of such legendary warriors could have turned the tide of battle, shaved months, maybe years, off a costly and bloody campaign. My company of conscripts emerged victorious, but with less than a third of our original numbers returning to the capital. Other brigades suffered similar losses. The demon cults were a threat, of course, but the more immediate threat was from the actual invaders, not the perpetrators of random and rare killings. The Starlight Tower had come to our aid. Why not these paladins of renown?

I spent months trying to find out, trying to buy my way into their temple. I made a home for myself in an alley in the slums, rather than rent a room with my back pay from my military service. I was allowed to keep my sword and armor, and soon enough the brigands who stalked the neighborhood in which I made my home knew that I would put up a fight if attacked. I stole, gambled, and engaged in pit fights with ever-growing pots of coin at stake. 

"If you're going to get into that temple, you best have the coin," some drunk in a tavern once told me. He had tried, he claimed, and failed, to join their order. "Them paladins'll take your donation sure enough, but if it's information you want, you need to get on their good side."

When I tried to track this man down again a week later for more information, I learned that the night after we spoke his body had been discovered at the inn, covered in claw and bite marks, his entrails spilled out over the dirty wooden floor of the room he was renting. I did not see the body but they said his skin was pale and dry as parchment, his face twisted in horrific agony. It was, the innkeep told me, the second such killing that year, and the season was only just turning to spring. Just two weeks ago, he told me, one of his barmaids had disappeared.

"The demons are coming for us, mark my words," the innkeep, Victor, said, serving me a flagon of bitter black ale to help wash away my disappointment. Victor and I drank together, then and often. "That Order you're after best act soon, or this time next year the bedrooms of this town will be littered with corpses." 

I raised the money - the sum of a hundred gold coins had come from another reliable source - but in the year that passed I remained unsure of my objective. Revenge was certainly off the table; I was skilled enough with a blade, but I was no match for one trained knight, never mind how many resided within that monumental cathedral in the center of our walled city. A hundred gold coins was no small sum, more than I could earn in a five years of working the fields or patrolling the streets in the city watch. Would throwing such an amount of money to join some secret society give me purpose? Would throwing such amount of money at them even get me anywhere? In my mind I played out the scenario: some broken old priest taking my sack of coins and thanking me for my contribution to the holy order, bestowing upon me some meaningless blessing, and disappearing through the stone doors of the temple forever. I searched for answers, collected rumors as fervently as I collected coins, and in asking a hundred people I received two hundred different answers to my only question: how could I pass beyond those stone doors and discover the real motives of these sacred soldiers?

