 II

Sir Ballard assured me that the wilderness would be difficult, but would be made more pleasant by the fact that we would not be traveling alone. Almost immediately I found he was correct. We traveled on horseback, a mode of transport to which I was grossly unaccustomed, and by the third day I could barely sit my saddle, let alone ride for hours without relief. A small pack mule followed us on a tether, carrying our food, bedrolls, tents and other various supplies. The two of us alone might have been able to manage everything with saddlebags, but the sorceress brought a ridiculous amount of equipment. Our animals were loaded down with satchels of sweet smelling herbs and padded cases of potions, all of which the young woman assured us were of vital importance to the mission at hand. I was not convinced; she had barely mentioned them after three days on the road, and I was beginning to think this was some other kind of test, of patience perhaps, or the tolerance of others. If not for her ally, the Lady Elaina, traveling alongside us, I might have made my disregard for her excess much better known to the rest of the group. 

Lady Elaina - Ballard assured me that she insisted on the honorific, and would not be amused if I casually discarded it - was a senior member of the Order of the Sacred Sheath. Much to my surprise she came to us heavily armed, a gigantic axe and round wooden shield slung across her back, torso weighed down by a tarnished shirt of chainmail. Having never met a member of the Order of the Sacred Sheath, I expected their membership to be comprised of old crones and unassuming virgins, as most female orders often were. She had a plain beauty about her - not to say boring, but to my eyes her appeal was simplistically pleasing - and though she was a woman of few words she answered my questions when asked, and was helpful in the beginning stages of our expedition. She knew the route without having to consult a map, and led us through overgrown trails with a confidence I rarely saw in my commanding officers during the war, let alone the women I had associated with before and since. On the first day she spent most of the daylight hours attending to the sorceress, a girl my age named Meredith who was either her squire or apprentice or otherwise subordinate, and once the camp was erected for the night she promptly disappeared into her tent and did not emerge until sunrise the next day. On that second day the rain came down from the mountains, and there was little conversation to be had through the roar of the downpour that rustled the leaves above. It was a singularly miserable experience, and I slept perhaps four hours between struggles to keep my bedroll dry and my tent from flooding. The mood was dark on the third day, but eventually when the clouds dissipated and our clothes began to dry, I was able, with much effort, to spark a dialogue with the sister who accompanied us.

"Lady Elaina," I began, speeding my horse ahead to bring myself up alongside her. Ballard took up the rear, making sure Meredith and her beast of burden did not fall behind. The terrain was difficult, and some space had grown between us. Ballard also warned me that the road was dangerous, and if he disappeared from time to time it was more likely that he was ducking into the woods to make sure we were not being followed by bandits. This appeared to be one such time, and since it was him who had sternly warned me against bothering our companions, I decided to use his absence to my advantage. "May I ask you a personal question?"

"Of course you may," she replied, bobbing along with the steps of her steed. "As long as I'm not bound to answer it."

"Fair enough," I replied. "Where do you come to the Order from?"

"The south," she answered, gaze on the road ahead. The sun was in front of us and the water off the trees glimmered, making it hard to watch the path without squinting. I turned my head to her. 

"I spent some time in the south," I told her. "Maybe I traveled through your home town."

"My home town isn't where the war was," she said. 

"How did you know I was in the war?" I asked. "I could have been a merchant, or a sailor before I joined the Order?"

"I have known Sir Ballard for many years," Lady Elaina explained. "He told me everything about you long before we embarked on this journey."

"I'm sure he couldn't have told you everything," I said. "But if you know everything about me, why don't you tell me something about yourself? It seems like we'll be traveling together for quite some time. It might make the journey seem shorter if we have something to talk about."

"You'll have to forgive me," she said, the harsh angles of her face blended to softness by a beam of light that broke through the foliage. "I haven't much to say to strangers."

"I'm sorry to hear that," I responded. "Though I've only been with the order for a few months, you shouldn't think of me as a stranger."

"Believe me when I say that the Order trusts you much less than you might think," she said, unable to hide a disapproving grin. "You have much to learn before you receive your knighthood."

"I know, my lady," I replied. I had heard this story many times before. There would be trials and study, tests of combat and knowledge of demon lore. "Many come to the temple, and so few remain for life."

"I wish I could say that most people give up of their own accord," she went on, "finding that the work of a knight is too difficult and consuming. But the truth of the matter is that many die because they believe they are strong, and in the end it's their pride that kills them."

"The last six months have made me doubt my strength, if nothing else," I said. Our horses had reached a steady pace now, and thought he road was still blocked by low branches and ambitious saplings we made our way quickly enough. I glanced back to see if Ballard and the witch had caught up with us; they were still out of sight. 

"It's more than fucking, you know," she said. "You'll have to be twice as good with your sword as you are with your cock. And there's no potion for that." 

"The brothers have beaten me near to death on more than one occasion," I said. I still had bruises on my chest from a round of training before we left. "My fighting is coming along. I nearly ran Sir Gregory through with last week."

"And what about that demon?" she asked, looking over at me with a cocked eyebrow. "How many times have you run her through?"

"As many times as I am commanded," I replied and, sensing her judgment added, "and no more."

"There's no shame in being prepared for the challenges to come," she said. "I've let the incubi take me many a time. When you know you have all the power, it can even be exhilarating. But know this."

She leaned over and, face near to mine, whispered so low that I could barely hear her over the hoof-clicks of the mare beneath me. 

"If you think Talaxel is working you over now, wait until you meet one in the wild," Lady Elaina said. "You'll think it's stealing your life through your loins. Many a time I thought I might come to death astride the cock of one of those monsters." 

"Have you met a full-blood?" I asked. They were much less common than their offspring, and tended to hide themselves better, but where allegedly much more ferocious and insatiable.

"Once," the lady replied, with a genuine smile now. She held her gauntlet out across the gap between us, so that if she stopped suddenly my chest would strike it at the nipple. "Cock as big as my forearm. I thought it might split my ass wide open."

"Your ass?" I asked. For half a year men had been watching me fight, watching me fuck Talaxel for hours at a time, but the idea of this raised a heat in my face that must have tinged it red. "My lady!"

"It takes skill to tire the demon," she said. "And patience. Some of the Sisters have the fortitude, but others must deploy different talents to keep pace."

"I'm sorry you have to do that," I said, imaging myself in that position. It was not a pleasant notion. 

"Please, boy," she said. "I would not do anything I did not want to do. There are a number of ways to kill a demon. Just because we take on a solemn duty does not mean that we cannot enjoy it." 

"It's easier for us, I suppose."

"Nonsense," she said. "If we come across an incubi on this expedition, I am sure you will learn first-hand."

"I look forward to it," I said. "Many of these things are clearly still a mystery to me."

