 After three days of rest and the recovery of our supplies from the inn, the inquiry began. A small number of the soldiers passing through the city remained when the rest of the regiment departed, and the city watch was a great help. Sir Ballard led the proceedings from a cot; both his legs had been broken during whatever fight had led to his incarceration in the cells. The monks, though showing no obvious signs of still being under the influence of the incubus, were confined to the monastery. Given their druthers, I do not believe they would not have left anyway. For most of the time we remained in the building, they remained in their ascetic quarters in silence contemplation and prayer. They had strict rules about their conduct, rules that were immediately reinstated when their possession was broken. 

That was what they called it: possession. Sir Ballard was understanding, to a certain degree, and explained to the watch during one of many long briefings that the Dalgot monks were not wholly responsible for their actions. He commanded them to search the other temples for signs of corruption, but upon returning the watch patrols reported nothing strange. Meanwhile, the monks were brought before a tribunal assembled in the main room of their church, where days ago the demon had taken both Meredith and Victoria. Moments after the demon was killed and I rolled off her the women were whisked away to the cells, not to be trusted; I had not seen them since that night. Both had taken the potion, apparently, but only Meredith had transformed. That was what, I supposed, was special about her in the eyes of the prince. The testimony of the brothers, taken individually, confirmed this time and time again. All twenty-two of them were brought before Ballard and Elaina one by one, each escorted by two of the armored watchmen. A few protested violently. Those that did were taken to the cells, and only later brought before Ballard and Elaina in chains. Elaina sat on a simple wooden bench next to the knight's reclining seat. There was barely enough room on the pedestal, so I stood in the back of the room, watching under instructions to carefully observe. The black throne had been carried into the yard and burned.

Each of the monks also denied direct involvement in the demon's takeover of the brotherhood, but the two men who had been in the adjacent cells when I awoke told a different story.

"A few of the brothers left the monastery," said one of the men, a grey-haired elder named Aaron. We questioned him on the second morning of the investigation. "It is strictly forbidden. When they returned, they had broken their vow of silence, and changed."

"Describe their behavior," Sir Ballard commanded. It was a great labor for him to speak. "Leave nothing out."

"There were three in all," Aaron said, listing off their names. Elaina made a note of them on a list she had compiled: every brother, their names, their alleged crimes. "I believed they had been visiting a brothel, but it was much, much worse than that."

"Go on," Elaina said. "We have no need for theatrics." 

The monk sighed, and struggled to continue in his ailing voice. He had been treated quite badly, perhaps as badly as us, though he had been in the cells for months and it appeared most of his physical wounds had healed. 

"Then the man appeared," said Aaron. "The demon. They said he was a brother from the monastery in Leavine, here to study at our library, but soon after the first woman appeared."

"A woman just appeared?" Elaina asked. "Explain."

"A few of the brothers brought a woman back at the demon's command," Aaron said. At Ballard's insistence, the brother gave their names. "She was a whore, I believe. A wanton woman, even outside the demon's influence."

"This was the first?" Elaina asked.

"I believe so," Aaron replied, sullen. From behind him I could not see his face, but he lowered his head in shame. "Please do not make me describe what they did to her."

"You are in no position to make requests," Elaina said. The tip of her pen hovered above the blank paper, waiting to record the information.

"Once the prince was done with her he gave her to the brothers," Aaron explained. His voice broke. "They took her, for hours. They did horrible things to her. They violated her over and over and over again. And she let them. The prince gave her that tonic, and she enjoyed it."

"Which brothers?" Ballard asked.

"All of them," Aaron replied. I believe he was sobbing.

"You?"

"I protested," Aaron said. "I tried to save her. But they beat me and locked me in the cell. I remained there until you released me."

Brother Christopher relayed more of the story.

"The first girl did not last long," he said. His questioning came directly after Aarons, but was much longer. "The prince was displeased with her. I don't know why. After two or three days she went into his bedroom and never returned. Then he commanded the brothers to fetch another."

"How many times did this go on?" Ballard asked, coughing. I brought him a cup of water and he grabbed my wrist, signaling me to remain on the pedestal beside him. 

"Three," Christopher said. He had not the courage to meet the eyes of his accusers, and we only saw the top of his bald head. "But that was when they locked me away. There might have been more after that. I was in the cells for quite some time."

"There were seven, before Victoria," one of the other brothers said the next day. I could not remember his name. Day after day, audience after audience, their stories blended together into one horrible narrative. "Sometimes he would keep them for a few days. The waited a month before killing one. The prince would have killed Victoria soon enough, and ordered us to find another. Then you arrived."

"Seven women," Lady Elaina exclaimed. "By the gods."

"What was he looking for?" Sir Ballard asked. "Why so many?"

"There was something special about Meredith," I interjected. "He said she was the one he was looking for, that she was chosen. He said something about a book. A prophecy, perhaps."

"What book?" Sir Ballard asked. He turned back to the monk. "What is he talking about?"

"The prince was looking for a book," the brother replied. "But we didn't have it in our library. I don't know what he meant by it, only that whatever was happened when Lady Meredith drank the potion was foretold somewhere."

Ballard leaned over to Elaina, whispering.

"Do you know what he's talking about?"

"It could be one of any number of books," Elaina replied. "A history, a holy book. Perhaps some tome of demon prophecy."

"Does that sound correct to you?" Ballard asked, looking up at me from his bed. 

"He speaks the truth," I said. "Though I don't know what he means by it."

"You, guard," Ballard said, shouting at one of the city watchmen. "Where is Lady Meredith?"

"In her cell, sir," the man replied. He was young, perhaps no older than myself. He seemed nervous. "Beneath the monastery."

"Why is she in a cell?" Ballard asked. "Bring her here at once."

"She attacked us, sir," the guard said. "And once we got her into the cell she wouldn't come out. She hasn't spoken since."

"What is the meaning of this?" Elaina asked the brother. "What did the beast do to her?"

"Even if the body doesn't change," I began, unsure how to phrase what I had seen, "the appetites change. They obeyed his every command."

"I have never heard of this before. When the demon departs, those under his spell return to normal. It must be this potion," Ballard said. He turned back to the brother and raised his voice to address him. "Brother. What do you know if this potion?"

He asked the remaining brothers, and recalled the brothers he had already interviewed to ask the same question. The potion, it seemed, was of the prince's own invention, a mixture that bound the drinker to the brewer's will. When given to the right person, it could transform their bodies as well, as had happened to Meredith. Why Meredith, and no one else, was unknown to the brothers. 

"I believe I have a theory," Elaina said over dinner, when the three of us were alone. We ate in the library, which the monks had been barred from entering. Guarding the door were four of the city watch; they accompanied us, at Ballard's insistence, at all times. 

"Please," Ballard said. "I must admit, I am truly vexed."

"The demon is attempting to create cambion without seducing and impregnating a human woman," Elaina said. 

"Is that possible?" I asked. I had heard of demon's using every method imaginable to turn a human to their cause, but a true transformation had never been recorded. 

"It may be," Elaina said. "During the war, other species of demons were capable of achieving a complete possession, creating more soldiers. But those demons were banished when the incursion ended. Only the incubi and succubi remain on our plane. It makes no sense." 

"If that is the case, I believe this book may be the key," Ballard said. "It may be something left behind. If it gives instructions on conversion or contains some demon prophecy, it is certainly no human book." 

"I thought the dark artifacts were burned," I said.

"It is a continuing responsibility of our Orders," Elaina said. "But yes, any remaining artifacts would be rare indeed. But it does not matter. If the demon knew where it was, he would have it already."

"He has clearly seen it," Ballard said. "We must report it to the Order. I cannot imagine what it might contain. Methods for demon to breed with demon. More potions. It could be anything."

"Might he continue his search for it?" I asked. 

"Undoubtedly," Elaina said. "Though it will take the demon some time to fabricate another body. We may have years to investigate this book before he resumes his search."

"We should ask Talaxel when we return," Ballard said. "I'm sure with some incentive, she will tell us anything she might know. The incubi Falgoth and Qydax may also know something."

"I will certainly try find out," Elaina replied. "Though these demons of ours are only half-breeds. They may know nothing."

"We shall see," Ballard said. "Meredith must be cured, and Victoria as well."

#

The brothers were assembled on the fifth morning. It seemed a small number, and I wondered how many of them had been responsible for the kidnappings, the attacks, the murders. Months and months under the demon's influence had changed them; they were sullen and pale, barely any of them could muster more than a few words in their own defense. A number of the city watch, as many as the brothers, were in attendance, as well as a delegation sent by the lord of the city; in contrast to the simple robes and room's palette of brown and grey, they wore fine colorful silks, the detail of which was visible to me even from their seats in the back of the nave. One of them, the lord's High Judge, had at the beginning of the inquiry made a large show of relinquishing his authority to Ballard and Elaina for the purposes of rendering, on behalf of the Emperor, a verdict in this matter. They were all quiet now, awaiting the decision. I stood on the pedestal this time, attending to Sir Ballard, my rightful place at his side. 

"Lady Elaina," he began, speaking as loudly as he could. The splints on his legs were complex and seemed form, but even after a week he could not yet stand without aid. "As the evil that seized this place was of the male form, it falls to an anointed sister of the Order of the Sacred Sheath to pass judgment on those complicit. I would remind you and all those present that, while my squire Quentin acted valiantly to destroy the demon's physical form, its spirit remains in this realm, and thus its influence has not been fully driven from our plane." 

"Thank you, Sir Ballard. You are quite right, and the law is straightforward in this matter," Elaina said, standing. Ballard looked up at her. The assemblage of men was stone silent before her. "You all know that it is a great crime to aid the demon, and even those of you who were not directly under his enchantments did nothing to stop your brothers from murdering and enslaving. The lives of seven women, as well as the torture of Victoria and Lady Meredith, are on all your hands. Since the influence of the demon can never be fully scourged from the mortal soul, and you all knowingly broke not only the law but the sacred vows of your order, my punishment must be appropriate."

Having studied the stories of the Orders and their various victories and the justice they carried out, I had a notion of what sentence might be passed down.

"Any brother who wishes to confess secret knowledge of the book the prince spoke of, or the method he employed to transform Lady Meredith, you may speak now," Elaina said. It was one last chance to help, and perhaps receive a more lenient sentence. No brother, however, rose to offer any information.

"Very well. Brother Aaron and Brother Christopher," she began, pointing to two men who sat alone on the forward-most right pew. "You will remain in custody and live out the rest of your days in whichever prison the city watch deems fit."

The two brothers who had resisted looked down to the floor beneath their seats. The other brothers, in the rows behind, remained transfixed on Lady Elaina. They must have known what was coming. These were learned men, and though the Order and its legal purview were shrouded in some mystery, the histories were also full of as much fact as legend. In the moments before Elaina spoke, I felt pity for them.

"As for the rest of you. By the power given to me by the Order of the Sacred Sheath, the most venerable and just sisterhood under the flag of the Emperor, in order to preserve the integrity of the realm and shield its citizens from evil I hereby sentence the members of this order to die. I command the city watch and the soldiers present in this room to aid me in carrying out this sentence immediately. The yard outback will do, I believe."

Sir Ballard gave a solemn nod, and the guards moved from their positions on the edge of the room to fence the monks in. One or two rose to their feet and began shouting curses at us, and another bolted toward the door, stopped only by a spear thrust to the stomach from one of the watchmen. He fell to his knees, screaming, and died on the stone floor. Elaina rose and lifted her axe, preparing for an imminent assault; I drew and inch of my sword from the sheath, following her lead. After a moment, I realized most of the monks seemed to be at peace. These were men who had devoted their lives to the worship of a god who had, it seemed, failed to protect them. I was unfamiliar with the specific tenets of their faith, but Dalgot had a reputation as a deity that rewarded dedicated service. These men had been tricked and abandoned, and now there was no going back to the lives they had led before a corrupt view let the demon through their door. 

Was it true what she had said, that those who had come under the demon's spell could never be fully liberated? What would become of Meredith, or this Victoria, who had been so deeply entranced? As the men were marched out of the room, to their deaths, I wondered if Meredith would eventually have to summon the same fate. I could not believe that Elaina would sentence her to die. The Order of the Sacred Sword had a vast library filled with information on the demons, and I was sure the Sacred Sheath had a similar archive. The Starlight Tower, the secretive group of magic-users to which Meredith belonged, was rumored to have immense power and would surely be able to devise some supernatural cure. 

Elaina followed the line of men as they left the hall, and barely a few minutes later, the screams began. The silence in the chamber had been a façade, and now that the men who had committed these horrible crimes were meeting their end, either the seriousness of what they had done filled them with grief or they, until their final breath, believed themselves innocent.

"What have you learned today, Quentin?" Sir Ballard asked. He looked not up at me but into the empty hall, as if nothing about it had changed. 

A number of possible answers occurred to me, but the fact that he was obviously looking for something specific left me with a sense of trepidation. I knew that, no matter how hard I pondered it, I would not give him the correct answer. 

"The influence of the demon must be stopped at all cost," I replied.

"You know that already," Ballard replied.

"Once a man is guilty, her remains guilty?" I offered. This was no better, I knew.

"No," Ballard said. "Justice is difficult. But it is not impossible." 

"Justice has not been served here," I replied. "Not while Meredith remains transformed." 

"Perhaps," Ballard said. "But you have done what is expected of you, and more. This city owes you a great debt."

I had no response to this. I stood for a moment, and Ballard signaled to a pair of guards who remained in the room. 

"I must rest now," Ballard said. The two men lifted him out of his reclining chair, and began to carry him down the steps of the dais, toward the door. "You should take some time to search this place. There may be more information to be found. Perhaps the basement cells will yield some answers."

#

Only Meredith and Victoria remained in the prison, but four guards were still stationed outside. The degree to which the building had been taken over by the city was quite remarkable. The lord's agents were already sorting through the library and the larder, removing the books and food stores. It was quiet and sunless downstairs, and I carried a torch through the winding corridors that led to the small row of cells. One of the guards recognized me as Ballard's squire and held the door for me. I gave him a curt nod and passed through the threshold, my right hand resting on the hilt of my blessed dagger. I could not allow my affection for Meredith to leave me unguarded; I would have to be ready if she was as violent as I had been warned. 

I called her name when I reached her cell. She was huddled in the corner, and I could not tell if she was awake or sleeping. Victoria must have been in another cell further down, and she was also silent. Meredith stirred, her body unfolding in the darkness. I held my torch out, but even against the bars it only illuminated a portion of the cell, so that only her hairless legs were in view. She had been given a cot but she did not use it, choosing instead to curl herself up in the straw. 

"This cell smells of you," she whispered. I leaned forward, pressing my face against the bars. I could barely hear her.

"I was here only a few days ago," I said. "The night I killed the demon. Do you remember?"

"How dare you presume I do not remember," Meredith said. "He was the prince. He was my love."

"Once you showed an interest in me, or so it seemed," I said. "Do you remember that?"

"A moment of weakness, I am sure," she said. "Look at you. You are pathetic."

Her words reminded me of Talaxel when she tried to win me to her side, before she realized she could no longer fight the defenses of the potion. I felt no mental probe from Meredith, but there was the same rage, the same blind passion to consume.

"I destroyed the demon," I replied. "Certainly that must prove something about me."

"A momentary setback," Meredith said. "The demon can take many forms, and will walk this earth again."

"Meredith, listen to me. Please," I said. "I know you are in pain, but you must believe me when I say we will leave this place soon. You will be returned to the Starlight Tower, and you will be cured. You will be normal again."

"Normal," Meredith scoffed. "You are normal. I am divine."

"What happened to you isn't natural," I said. "Your body will be restored, I promise." 
