 Author's Note: A short story requested by Kasey(KC55)

***

"Okay, water proofing. Check. Sealing. Check. Parents out for the weekend," Ashley peered out her window and waved to her parents as they pulled out from the driveway, heading off on their second honeymoon, "Check."

They were confident that she wouldn't ruin the house now that she was mature. The trust was well placed, Ashley hadn't done anything to earn their mistrust in her eighteen years of life. Aside from going to one party where the drinks were spiked, but that was an honest mistake. Now, it was time for her to properly indulge in herself, though not how her parents might think. Once they were out of sight, Ashley stripped and tossed her clothes into the hamper.

"Ah, freedom," Ashley sighed as her cock flopped about, slapping into her knees while she strutted about the house in her glorious nudity. Stuffy pants or straps under skirts were horrible for her, though they were a fact of life. There was no doubt that people wouldn't ostracise her for the hulking secret - men would be jealous, and women wouldn't know how to react.

But she didn't need them. Ashley lusted after a girlfriend, as anyone her age would, though she would be the first to admit that she wasn't nearly as proactive as she could be. That's because masturbation with her beautifully oversized cock was amazing, far more so than anyone could fathom. How many guys could say they could suck their cocks with just a tilt of the neck? And none could say that they fingered their pussies at the same time.

No, Ashley didn't need a relationship. Not yet. All she needed was a heaping mass of food, a gallon of water, and the privacy to have some mindless self-indulgence. She had it planned out. For today and tomorrow, she would masturbate until exhaustion or hunger got the better of her, then she would clean up on the last day. Her parents would be none the wiser.

"Alright then, three bowls of salad, stack of pancakes, five chicken breasts, two roundhouse steaks and a side of mashed potato. Should be enough," Ashley giggled to herself. This would last most people almost two days, but she would use it all up by sundown. She said grace, while her thoughts were submerged in her most impure of thoughts.

The futa imagined herself strolling into the cheerleader's locker room, naked. They would see her, then her cock, and their natural wiring would get the better of them. Ashley sighed as her cock swelled, enjoying her imagination greatly. Next the cheerleaders would suck and beg her to fuck them. Ashley would oblige of course, and so she'd ram her giant dick into all of them. Only when they were all bloated with cum and undoubtedly pregnant, would she leave.

The dishes jumped when her erection leapt into its full glory. Ashley grinned down at it and carefully pulled it out from under the table, leaning it against her chest between her two moderately sized breasts. She gave her member a friendly lick, savouring the slightly salty flavour that coated her bulbous head, then ravenously dug into her banquet. Every bite that she swallowed caused her turgid prick to throb powerfully, roiling down into her prolific balls.

"Hmm, maybe I can repaint my room?" Ashley wondered aloud, one hand straying to her taut scrotum. She licked her lips, cooing softly at the sensation of her cum churning within. No matter what she ate, how fatty or sugary sweet, it all went to her dick and balls. When she was aroused, that is.

With her meal over, her belly full and her sack even fuller, Ashley retreated to her bedroom. Her cock bobbed heavily with every step, arousal spiking with each passing moment. When her door finally fell shut with a soft hiss, Ashley brought her cock to her mouth and wrapped her lips around the tip. She could cum as much as she wanted now.

No parents to interrupt. No obligations. No fear of discovery.

"Just you and me," Ashley sighed against her prick, giggling when she squeezed a large helping of pre-cum onto her face. She gathered it up and brought it to her mouth, moaning ecstatically at the flavour. It was exactly as she wanted it, bitter and strong and oh so slick. The fluid washed across her tongue and flowed down her throat, a familiar warmth spreading throughout her being.

The futa moved to her bed and flopped down atop the covers. She spread her legs wide, allowing her testes to fall naturally, their expanse hanging mere inches above the floor. All the food had worked its magic on her sperm production, stuffing her sack with more jizz than any bukkake scene could muster. Ashley kissed her way around her tip as her hands pumped the shaft.

Pre-cum spewed forth and doused her length in mere minutes. She worked the slimy emissions into her pulsating flesh, urging more to gush forth. Her hands began to glide across her shaft, adding to the sensations. Ordinarily, she would savour the build up to her climax by edging herself a few times, churning up a far greater release. The futa had no such desire here, not when she wouldn't stop at just one orgasm.

Ashley opened her mouth wide and wrapped her lips around the spewing head. She moaned as her mouth was suffused in her addictive flavour, while her tongue worked to sample as much of it as she could. The futa swallowed fervently, throat working to guzzle every drop. There was simply too much and streaks of her sleek pre trailed out the sides of her mouth. A groan of frustration vibrated in her chest.

She had a secret weapon, however. Ashley inhaled deeply through her nose, pausing to relish her burgeoning musk, then pushed down. Her back curled as she folded in on herself, taking her indominable erection deeper into her maw. It reached the back of her throat, but she persisted. A gag forced a splash of her fluids and spit to leak. Ashley retreated slightly and recovered, then threw caution to the aether. Nothing would get in the way of her masturbatory marathon.

With a grunt of effort, the futa practically folded herself in half. Her cock vanished down her gluttonous throat, stretching her neck and oesophagus with its girth. She couldn't breathe, her airways completely blocked. Nothing would escape the seal of her lips around her tumescent dick. That meant she could properly savour her excessive production.

Ashley wrapped her arms around herself. Her member was trapped in an embrace from her arms, her tits and her insides. Tears streaked down her cheeks from the strain of her position, and the violent assault on her uvula. The pain and discomfort only made it better. They made the pleasure shine all the brighter.

She began to rock to and fro. The motion pulled her lips off her cock, before slurping even more down her greedy gullet. One of her hands manoeuvred to her balls, massing the vast orb, before slipping beneath to grind against her concealed clit. Ashley moaned, the sound muffled lewdly by her cock, and increased her pace. She began to thrust her hips, both tit and throat fucking herself while she toyed with her clit. Her other fingers dipped lower and stroked her swollen folds.

For almost a minute, Ashley was lost to the world in that loop. She would fall back, extracting several inches of her saliva and pre saturated cock, rubbing it against her chest and between her plush tits, before lurching forward to stuff her maw with her irrefutable shaft. Amidst it all, she continued to touch her femininity. Her juices soon flowed in earnest, sticking to her fingers and the back of her balls.

This was the only reason she wished she had a lover. Or maybe two, Ashley thought lustfully. They could eat her cunt while she focused on her cock, or they could worship her heavy, sperm laden balls. But this was enough.

Her ears focused on the sound of her heartbeat. It pounded in her chest like a runner speeding toward their goal, ignorant to the world around them. Her lungs burned hotly, desperate for air, while her stomach gurgled in its desire for her to feed it more. Ashley tried to keep going. She only had a little further to, she could feel it in how her balls rumbled excitedly. But there was no fighting self-preservation.

The futa came free of her cock with a hoarse yell. Such a sudden release was the final push. Ashley's efforts to refill her lungs fell silent as she screamed in abject bliss, a full body convulsion rushing through her as she jerked her hips into the air. Her fingers sank deep into her snatch, its drooling walls undulating around her in a far more subdued release, while her spare hand clawed at her sheets. She stared down at the pillar of her cock as it unleashed a fountain of cum as thick as curdled milk.

Ashley beamed at the sight, even as she and her surroundings were splattered in viscous globs of jizz. Another spurt arched high, just missing the ceiling, before falling onto her. She knew she must look like she'd just walked off the set of the worlds' largest bukkake party. A giggle bubbled in her chest; it was all her, though. One teenage futanari on her own was cumming entire litres with every throb of her overendowed crotch.

The very thought sent a wave of wanton desire through her. Ashley brought both her hands to her glorious shaft, briefly lingering to savour how powerful each surge of cum felt under her palms, before she jerked her heavy shaft once more. The added sensation heightened her next explosion, which managed to reach her roof. She folded her legs and pressed her feet into her voluminous sack, massaging it with the soles.

A rumble echoed in her balls as a violent surge rippled through them. Ashley gasped at the sensation, then roared with pleasured laughter as a deluge of her potent seed exploded from her urethra. It rammed against the ceiling and splashed down onto the earth below in a single, unending stream of potency. The progenitor soon found herself caught under an avalanche of jizz, her features quickly hidden beneath layers of it.

"Oh fuck, yeah!" Ashley moaned as she continued to urge her monstrous erection to continue, "Keep cumming! Keep cumming for me. Fuck, it's so good..." she trailed off into an ecstatic groan while her cock followed her commands, spraying her seemingly limitless semen like a cannon. Eventually, the persistent sensations were too much, and Ashley closed her eyes to fall into a brief sleep.

"Hmm, man does that feel good," Ashley murmured when she opened her eyes, rested after her short slumber. It still felt like she was cumming, though that was impossible; she didn't have any wet dreams. She quickly sat up, eager to pick up where she'd left off. Her eagerness dwindled, however, when she saw that her cock was still fully erect. Now that she was fully conscious, Ashley realised that something was still pouring from her cock.

"Holy shit," Ashley gasped and raised her cock for a better look, finding a river of cum streaming from her tip like a wide open faucet. She looked down at her floor and noticed that it was almost entirely submerged in cum, "Fucking hell, that's hot." The futa licked her lips and did what she had planned on earlier. She took the head back into her mouth, then down her throat once more. Her perpetual orgasm roared back to life in an instant.

She nearly gagged on the sudden onset. Cum flowed into her, hot and heavy and very fast, rapidly filling her belly. Ashley gargled a moan around her spewing cock, while her hands set about massaging her still taut sack. Her balls usually shrank with her orgasm, but now they felt even bigger than before. Like they were barely pushing out more cum than they could make, despite the titanic flood Ashley ingested.

A swelling sensation in her middle forced a hand to her gut. Ashley moaned and gasped, finding that her belly had swollen out several inches from nothing but her cum. The amount to do that alone would be more than her usual orgasm, but to submerge her floor as well was inconceivable. And oh, so fucking hot, Ashley thought as she pulled free, allowing her prick to resume flooding her room.

"Keep cumming, baby," Ashley cooed, licking along her shaft as she massaged her enlarged belly, "Don't stop. It's too good," she wriggled her toes, giggling as her seed squished between them. The futa, then, reached under her balls to finger her pussy once more. It must've felt so left out, she concluded. To her surprise, it was completely drenched, juices practically pouring out from her.

How was she not dehydrated already? Ashley shrugged and shoved her fingers deep into her snatch, quickly finding her g-spot. She pushed herself to the brink in mere minutes and, unable to resist, pushed herself over the cliff into an ocean of pleasure. The water that crashed around her, though, was comprised entirely of semen.

Her urethra dilated and let loose a torrential downpour of cum. Ashley cried out in pleasure, then gargled and gulped as her mouth was filled with seed. Every beat of her heart preceded the next wave. The futa idly continued to pump her prick and massage her scrotum, urging as much of her cum from her spire as possible.

More cum added itself to the river of jizz that submerged her feet. The amount appeared endless, bringing the pool higher. Ashley was ignorant to the rising tide, caught in the coils of her blissful release, even when it finally inched past her ankles. Gallons of semen gushed forth without pause, the flow remaining constant. The futa simply continued to moan and jerked her cumming meat.

"Mm, come on... keep it up," Ashley moaned unthinkingly, eyes shut against the storm of semen, "Don't stop cumming."

As if hearing her words, her balls swelled further while her cock throbbed wildly. The tidal waves of sperm continued to crash against the ceiling - the reinforced woodwork managing to hold out despite the force - but most of it poured back into the rising ocean. It encroached on her calves, the surface rippling with every added drop.

Ashley's mind and body were submerged in her ecstasy. All her senses could focus on were the sensations of cumming and the sordid mess that resulted from it. Her eyes were glued shut by her cum, though she could feel its warmth and thick, gooey texture as it rolled down her face. Similarly, her breasts were completely plastered in her jizz. They looked like two mounds of semen rather than flesh.

Her ejaculate filled her mouth also. She couldn't close it, muscles almost completely lax under her ecstasy's power. Cum filled her maw, forcing her to swallow weakly to avoid drowning in it. The taste was exquisite, even amidst the concerto of sensations rampaging through her mind and body. She savoured every drop of the salty load in the corner of her consciousness.

Not an inch of her face was spared. Her nostrils were practically clogged with the viscous fluid, its musk suffusing her sense of smell, urging her body to produce more so that it could bask in the distinctly lewd aroma. Ashley ears were similarly jammed with her copious seed, but still she heard the unmissable roar of her tsunami worthy climax. Heavy splashes intermixed within the ceaseless flow.

"O... okay," Ashley panted after almost three minutes, "Time to stop now," she gasped, turning her head away to avoid choking. Her belly looked better suited for a pregnant woman on the verge of birthing twins, yet every extra inch was a result of nothing but her cum. The futa ignored that spectacular fact and propped herself up on her hands, only then realising just how bad her orgasm had become.

Not a centimetre of her floor was visible anymore, nor were her feet or ankles or even her calves. The overwhelming pool was practically flowing onto her bed. A moment later and it did just that, drenching her sheets in seconds. Ashley gulped and forced herself to stand up, though her oceanic level of cum made it almost impossible to move. She steadied herself and looked around; her room was in ruin.

Anything that wasn't nailed down, had been knocked over and covered in cum. Only her bookcase and desk remained over the sloshing tide, but she knew that would change if her climax didn't stop. Ashley turned her attention to her cock, biting back a lustful moan at the sight of her spewing appendage.

"Please stop now. I-I've had enough," Ashley said, hoping that something in her brain would click at the words and cease her impossible climax. Her cock ignored her, however, and simply continued shooting enough semen to fill a bathtub in minutes, "Okay, seriously, that's enough!" Ashley tried again, glancing at her bed. The pillows had been caught up in the tide and floated above the surface.

"It's not stopping," Ashley gibbered and looked around desperately for a way to get out. Everything exit in her room was water sealed, so as not to make any unnecessary messes, meaning that none of her ejaculate could escape. She waddled over to the window, groaning with the effort as she tried to wade through her tar-like seed. It was thicker than ever before as well.

The futa pulled on the latch, but it was locked, "Shit, uh... the key! Where's the key?" Her searching eyes found nothing, then widened; she'd left it in her pockets, which was now downstairs. The door! Ashley almost laughed at herself for the obvious answer and began making her toward it. The cum level rose with every passing second, as if her efforts to free herself heightened her production. She glimpsed her desk just as it, too, was submerged in a sea of jizz.

When Ashley reached the door, she was panting for air. Her balls were underwater now, surrounded by their progeny, which only dragged on her harder. Still, she could get out now. No chance of her drowning in her own spooge. It'd make for a hilarious eulogy though, Ashley thought with a giggle and pulled on her door. It didn't budge.

"You're fucking kidding me?!" Ashley pulled again, harder than before, to no avail. The latch was stuck, she realised. Of all the days for something so mundane to happen, it had to be that day. The futa whimpered softly and returned to her bed, hoping that relaxing would help her think clearly. It did the opposite when she sat down and found that her cum was her breasts.

"Alright, please stop? I'm begging you," Ashley spoke to her cock, desperately clinging to any chance she had of stopping it. She stood up again, only to find that her hips were now immersed in her seed, and the level was only rising. It'd only be a matter of moments and her waist would be lost. If she had an obvious escape route, Ashley would enjoy the very literal cum bath.

"Please just stop already? I get it, you can cum a lot, so just stop!" Ashley pleaded, though if her cock could hear her before, the cum had long since clogged its metaphysical eardrums. She reached down into the pool and grabbed it, trying to squeeze and shut off her semen's exit. The passage was too large, and the flow continued unabated.

"I'm gonna fucking die here," Ashley grumbled a minute later. She was floating in her ejaculate now, which was thick enough that she didn't have to kick to stay afloat. Her cock merely persisted in its climax, filling her room with semen. It had enveloped her bookcase now, leaving only Ashley above the surface. Her and the ceiling.

Ashley yelped when her head met the roof. Her eyes went wide, realising that there was no more room. The tide of sperm encroached on her chin, rising up her neck like a lover's tongue. At least it was warm, she thought and took a deep breath. It was unnecessary, however, as an ear popping crack resounded through her mind. Ashley looked for the source, but everything was under her cum. It repeated twice more, then a third time and suddenly the life-threatening ocean of semen dwindled.

One of the walls must've given in, Ashley thought in joy as she was lowered back to the floor. She panted softly, adrenaline and arousal still coursing through her veins. The house would be a complete mess now, but she was alive. And she'd just gone through an orgasm unlike any other.
