 Stark silver glistened against her dark skin. It was cold around her wrists, loose enough not to bite but too tight for escape. A chain hung between her limbs and jingled as she was marched from the police car, into the undersized building. Uniforms rushed around inside, taking calls, prepping to leave or handling a random errand. The walls were littered with papers and mugshots. The smell of coffee, sweat and last minute deodorant permeated the building.

Ashley sighed. For the seventh time, she assumed. She had lost count along the ride over. How did it end up like this? She expected trouble once her parents got home, though never to this degree. They would ground her and probably make her clean up every inch of the house several times over, but the cops wouldn't be involved. And now, because of her morning session, here she was.

She gave a terse grin to a passing policewoman, who stared back in shock. They hadn't offered to let her shower or even wipe herself down, as such her ebony complexion was dotted with the crusted remains of her climax. It sullied her once magnificent hair and clung to her cheeks. At least they gave her some fresh clothes. Her cock rested within the crotch of her extra-strength, baggy jeans, flaccid but ready to surge at a moment's notice. And her breasts strained a plain, black shirt.

"So, uh..." the rookie policewoman who helped arrest her struggled for words. Anyone would. Professionalism and training only went so far, they couldn't prepare you for discovering a teenage futa cumming enough to flood an Olympic pool. Not one that also had a cock bigger than most guys, and juxtaposed with her curves

They gulped and glanced back to their paperwork, "Right, Ashley, you understand why you're here, yes?"

"Yeah," Ashley said. What else could she say? Any explanation as to why she was compelled to cum and break her neighbours' fences would fall on death ears. They didn't know about her unique physiology, even her doctor was clueless for the time being.

"Property damage, indecent exposure..." the cop glanced at Ashley's crotch, to the bulge of her member. It was mistakable for an odd fold in the fabric at first glance, a common tactic she used when in public. Few people spared another look, either unperturbed by the futa or captivated by her other assets.

"It's, uh, not that easy for me," Ashley said.

"I-I'm sure," the woman nodded and focused on Ashley's eyes. The best move she could make. Anywhere else on the futa proclaimed a seductive nature, from how her sleek shoulders blended into the swell of her pert breasts, then pinched into her waist and burst into her hips. She wasn't tall, but her legs still sported luscious thighs.

"How long am I looking at?" Ashley asked.

"I can't say. We don't normally deal with people like you," the rookie answered, "Um, that, that is trans-women with your 'problem'."

"I'm not trans. I'm a futa. Futanari. Girls with dicks, you know?"

The cop blushed, "Yeah. I-I'm aware." A possible out, Ashley thought and leaned forward.

"Maybe if you help me out of this whole thing, I can... show you?" She lied. Three other people knew of her dick, her mom, dad and doctor, and she planned to keep it that way. She shuddered to think of what would happen if the news spread around school. Just because this woman is a cop, meant nothing. People gossip whether they want to or not. She doubted the man would say anything, for shame of being dwarfed by her member. Even her dad didn't like talking about it for that reason.

"I wish," the woman sighed, "But I can't. We're going to detain you until we can get hold of your parents, after that, you'll be fined for damages and released. It's procedure."

"Yeah," Ashley exhaled and slouched into the hard plastic chair. Of course they wouldn't spend the extra dollar to make them comfortable, not for criminals. Which she now was.

"But if you, uh, get a little antsy or something, I wouldn't mind helping out."

"I think I'd probably flood the station," Ashley said.

"Oh, yeah," the cop turned away, eyes lost in an unseen fantasy. Ashley could guess what it was though, as the policewoman's thighs shuffled together and her cheeks burned a deeper shade of red. She was cute, a slightly squared face, puckered lips and a short, spunky haircut. Her body wasn't bad either, fit and trim for her job. The stab vest swelled at her bust, hinting at a decent cup size.

"I'm cool with that if you are," Ashley chuckled. A nervous laugh. It's one thing to flood her room and house, another to flood her neighbour's garden, but a catastrophe to ruin a police station. Although, she thought with a glance around, it would be interesting to see if she could. The building was bigger than her home by a wide margin. Perhaps she would only manage a layer on the floor.

"Don't tempt me," the policewoman groaned, "They've been giving me crap ever since I started."

"Sorry," Ashley said.

"Not your fault. Though I can hear them now. 'Hey, Judy, heard you arrested an entire orgy the other night'. Or maybe something more like; 'got a thing for trannies, eh, Judy?'" An entire orgy? Made sense, given the sheer amount of cum at the scene of the crime. 

"Well, I'm not going anywhere anytime soon. So," Ashley shrugged and glanced to the cop's legs once more. They were rubbing together, both nervous and excited. The fabric was black and thick, but Ashley swore a dampness had formed at Officer Judy's crotch. A way out, though one that required her to seduce a cop. She hadn't even kissed another girl, much less seduced one her own age. This woman was older, trained, but willing. A daunting combination.

If Ashley started something, she would have to finish it. A prospect her cock didn't mind as it pulsed against its bonds. The head peeked from her foreskin and rubbed at the insides of her pants, striking her with sensation. She stiffened and swallowed the moan that leapt to her mouth.

"Anyway, we'll get you through processing, then it's in a cell with you," Judy said, "Don't worry, we've got an open one right now."

"Thanks." In truth that was better and worse. The privacy was nice, and being away from a proper criminal gave her peace of mind, however she already felt the temptation creeping in. Her cock was flaccid, a state that could change with a few wayward fantasies. A fellow prisoner would keep those thoughts at bay. Or invite them.

Alone would be best. It all came down to her willpower in the end.

"Um," Judy nodded to Ashley's lower body. The futa followed and jerked to a stop. Her hips, unbidden, had been rocking to and fro on the chair, while her cuffed hands cupped the swelling bulge of her cock. She hadn't thought of anything sexual. At all. Aside from the urge to unload herself. Her cock pulsed against her hand.

"Sorry," Ashley raised her hands and held them between her breasts, pulling the shirt taut around her rigid nipples. She inhaled and they rubbed against the fabric. Pleasure lashed against her nerves, delicious and unwelcome.

"Do you think it'll happen again?" Judy asked.

"I don't know. It happened the other day as well," Ashley squirmed against the uncomfortably hard chair, swollen balls brushed against it and her pants, while her pussy craved attention. A bead of moisture rolled down the back of her testes. Please be sweat, Ashley thought.

Judy's eyebrow arched. Her lips fell open, closed and opened again. Was she imagining it? The cop's hands settled into her lap, arms rigid, "It did?"

"Yeah. In my bedroom. I almost drowned," Ashley said. A shudder passed through her to Judy, one of fear at what had almost come to be and of lust to do it again. The policewoman didn't share her fear, it seemed, as her thighs spread apart. She looked on the verge of shoving a hand down her pants and fingering herself, then and there, in front of all her colleagues. The two could help each other out. They could drop their pants and masturbate each other.

"Jesus," Judy whispered and shook her head. She returned her attention to her paperwork, "Um, follow me, please. We need to get you processed." Her tone was rushed, eager to get away and back to some semblance of normality.

The process was simple. A mugshot, fingerprint, some details. It seemed like moments later and the cell door was being drawn shut before her, bars shutting her inside a single windowed cell, its walls unpainted, the same dull grey of the concrete they were made from. A pair of bunk beds rested on either side. She sat on one and it creaked noisily under her weight.

Her hands weren't released. Worse, they were bound behind her back now, impossible to manoeuvre back around. Ashley laid back. The mattress provided was thin in places, lumpy in others, letting her feel the springs underneath in vivid detail. Her arms already ached from being cuffed behind her back, and her cock yearned for freedom. Yet she had nothing she could do.

Nothing but wait and hope a miracle came along to save the day. Not impossible. Judy might do something, in return for a favour of course. No mystery as to what it would be. Ashley's cock throbbed and stained her pants, announcing its approval with a burst of pre. The sudden explosion in her production had carried over. Her borrowed trousers were drenched in moments.

"Great," Ashley sighed as her clothes squelched. They clung to her skin now, the bulge of her cock vivid, down to its every vein and bloated head. Oh god, she needed release. Sitting there, with her dick in the open for all to see, would be better than this. Her pants made every movement a trial, either sending jabs of discomfort or shocks of pleasure through her member.

"Ashley?" 

She looked to the bars and saw Judy there.

"Yeah?"

"You've got a phone call," Judy said. The futa stood and shuffled to the bars, careful not to agitate her cock.

"Hello?" Ashley said into the receiver, which Judy held against her ear.

"Those inhibitors didn't work, then?" Doctor Lenis asked. Her voice reached through the phone and embraced Ashley, soothing and arousing her. The memory of yesterday filtered through, as did the desire. Any dry patches of her pants were lost as her dick spewed another wave.

"No, they didn't. I think they made it worse," Ashley said.

"Well, don't worry. I'll be there in a bit and get this taken care of."

"Thanks."

"Then we'll pick up from tomorrow."

"What?" Ashley asked, but the doctor had already hung up. How long would it take her to get there? Ten minutes? Fifteen? The drive from her place took almost twenty. Perhaps Lenis' practice was close by. Regardless, she would have to survive until then.

"You alright?" Judy asked, taking the phone away.

"Mostly," Ashley shrugged. Her pants were almost dripping, so saturated in her pre-cum.

"Sorry about this," Judy said, glancing down to Ashley's drenched pants, "I'll try to get you out soon."

"Thanks, but I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do afterwards. I mean, if I cum that much again, then I'll just wind up back here."

"Isn't there a ditch or something nearby?"

Ashley shook her head, "None that I know of."

"Well, I'm sure there's some way," Judy said, "Like, have you tried cumming into someone, uh, something?"

Ashley stifled the urge to laugh. How was it that she came to have this conversation with a police officer of all people? She expected this to come about if she and Doctor Lenis went further, but that was a relationship. Judy had met her little over an hour prior. Not only that, but their first meeting had Ashley cumming like a broken fire hydrant.

"You and the other guy are the only people outside my family and doctor who know about this," Ashley said, "I can't imagine trying to do that to someone. Besides, they'd explode."

"Maybe. But there's been all sorts of weird people on the news lately."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, there's this girl like you, but she's got three dicks," Judy said.

"You're joking?" Ashley chuckled.

"Nope. They did a whole special on her a while back. Apparently, she doesn't go soft either."

"Holy shit. That's... that's insane."

"Yep. So, who knows? Maybe you won't cum like that if you're in someone." The hint was obvious. Judy's face was flushed, her wild hair stuck out in all directions, and her eyes refused to look away from Ashley's crotch for longer than a moment. Why? Judy should have time to get some relief. A quick break to the toilets and she would be fine. Pheromones, Ashley reminded herself. They were strong enough to mess with her friends, despite rarely being confined with them, and even affect Doctor Lenis - Lilah, her mind corrected.

Judy had been in a car with her for twenty minutes. Add that to their brief conversation earlier, and she must be on the brink of losing her mind. As it was, she seemed malleable, like clay, a small push here and there and she would conform to Ashley's whims. Was it fair to do so? The futa wanted to leave, to go home and drown the house in cum. Or at least get somewhere away from prying eyes.

But when would this chance present itself again? Ashley locked her gaze to Judy's, caught the wild lust boiling behind the officer's irises. A few persuasive words and this woman would be hers. 

Lilah would help, but how far away was she? It could be an hour before she arrived, in that time Ashley couldn't fathom how tortured her cock would be, trapped and rubbed raw by her soaking pants, which she couldn't remove on her own. This woman was here now, ready and willing. And accepting her help didn't mean Lilah was no longer an option.

"Are you offering?" Ashley asked. Her voice was hushed, like she was discussing something confidential, on the same level as national security secrets. 

"I... yes, I am," Judy said. She shook and steadied herself against the cell bars, panting hotly, "Oh fuck, you smell so good."

"Y-yeah," Ashley forced a grin, "Why don't you unlock the door and come in? I can't do anything to stop you. I'm helpless."

"Yeah, yeah you are," Judy nodded. She reached for her belt, where her keys should hang, but came up empty, "Shit! I left them at my desk."

"Then go get them," Ashley urged. She was so close to a form of release. The origin of it sat on her heart, turned the world inward and made her balls gurgle. Panic slithered through her veins, hissing into her ear. This was wrong, it said, she didn't like showing her cock to Lilah, much less a total stranger. She wouldn't cum from this. Worse, what if Judy wanted to do this to prove that Ashley was a real futa? Not some transvestite. That she had a cock bigger than her arm.

But she needed to cum. Ashley retreated back to her temporary bed and groaned at the ache in her balls. They rumbled against her thighs, eager to unload their seed, to get some relief. She sighed at the thought. Relief, relaxation, a chance to let herself go. The other day, that morning even, seemed like an old memory. Months or years old.

Anxiety wouldn't stop her. Chances were that most people would be aware of her freakish addition by now. Her neighbours were gossipers. Whether someone wanted to listen in or not, they heard all about the latest happenings in the neighbourhood. And all it filtered through their views. How many people had they told already? She wouldn't be surprised if the whole street knew.

What more could one person do? She didn't want to find out. Ashley tugged on her cuffs, hopeful that they might be faulty, yet they held strong and dug into her wrists. She wriggled about, hopeful that she might push her pants down, but they clung to her like a second skin. Her cock throbbed and swelled in anticipation for Judy's return, straining the soaked garment and adding another layer of agonising friction.

Even dry-humping was out of the question. Fuck, she just wanted to cum. How was it that such a desire was so difficult to achieve? She willed Judy to hurry. Or for Lilah to show up. Whichever came first, she didn't care. Her balls churned and gurgled, a potent ache building across their expanse, one that couldn't be ignored. It demanded she let them out, so they could expand into the open air and spill their cargo. Their thick, sticky, sperm infested load.

There had to be a way. She recalled what she'd seen in action movies, where a prisoner would jump over the cuffs like a tiny strip of skip-rope. Ashley was in no way an acrobat - she hadn't participated in P.E. in years even, not since her cock became an unconcealable feature in the gym uniform - but it was worth a try. She stood, took a deep breath, her dick twitched, and jumped.

For a moment, she believed she'd done it. She could cum now, without giving Judy an in-depth look at her cock, and potentially flood the station in the process, but such sacrifices were necessary. Her mind raced and pre-cum flowed with desire. The cement floor greeted her an instant later. Ashley groaned and pushed herself up, silently admonishing herself for the stupid idea.

"Okay," Ashley muttered to herself. The pain in her left cheek distracted her, though it soon faded into the lust her crotch emanated, leaving her groaning in greater discomfort as her erection fought for freedom. A valiant effort, but a futile one. The pants seemed designed to withstand a lot of punishment.

She hooked her fingers into the back of her pants and tried to push. The angle was wrong, though. Her tops of her pert ass caught a glimpse of freedom, before her fingers slid away and the fabric snapped into place. She scanned her cell. Perhaps there was a loose nail, or something, anything, that could get her pants off. But she saw none. The cell was immaculate, all things considered. She fell back to the bed with a huff.

Nothing to do but wait.

"Thanks, I'll handle it from here." She knew that voice. Lilah was there. Yes, she hopped to her feet and rushed the cell door. She poked a foot out to show her doctor where she was. Moments later and she was face to face with Lilah.

"Miss me?" Lilah asked.

"More than you know," Ashley said. Her erection pulsed harder at the sight. Lilah's face was a picture of middle-aged beauty. Slight crow's feet snuck in at the corner of her eyes, and laugh lines framed her full lips.

"Hold on," Lilah said and reached into her bag. She rummaged around before she retrieved a set of keys, "Now, which one is it?" She muttered as she fumbled for the right one.

"How'd you get those?" Ashley asked. She didn't care. It meant her cock would be free sooner.

"Swiped them from a desk. I'm sure they won't mind," Lilah shrugged. She tried key after key but none worked, "Just my luck."

The door opened. Lilah hid the keys and turned to see who it was.

"Can I help you, ma'am?" It was Judy. Her voice was rushed, agitated.

"I was hoping to get into this cell so I can tall with my client," Lilah said.

"And you are?"

"Lilah Lenis. Her family's lawyer. I'd like to have a chat with her, without the bars that is," Lilah said, smiling brilliantly.

"Can't allow that. She's not stable right now."

"Oh, I'm well aware. Don't worry, we have an... arrangement if you will?"

"It's okay, Judy," Ashley interjected. Much as she wanted to take the officer's earlier offer, she craved Lilah more. They'd come close yesterday, mere moments from crossing the line, but Ashley had to settle for the promise of completion. And there it was. Those plump lips, that bounty of ass and milky hills that begged for her attention. Or to be covered in seed. Whichever came first.

Right now, she couldn't be sure.

"Fine," the officer sighed and pulled out a set of keys. She walked to Ashley's cell, caught her eye and whispered, "I'll be back when you're finished in here."

"Okay," Ashley said, not willing to admit what she and Lilah would get up to. The door creaked open and Lilah stepped in. Judy shut it and, with a final, lustful look at Ashley's pulsating bulge, left them. They waited until the cell block door opened and closed. Lilah set to work.
