 Romina was surprised at the nimbleness and speed of the troll. It took her and her child down the rocky face out the palace wall and jumped across the old defensive works with hardly a care. At twice the size of a full-grown man the troll could easily carry her and the baby and still manage to run faster than a galloping horse. Normally being kidnapped by a monster would be cause for alarm by a princess, but Romina was strangely relieved, as if she were fulfilling some part of her destiny.

The problem with traveling by troll-back was it was exceedingly boring. The troll wasn't exactly the greatest conversationalist in the world, the baby did little more than cry except when being fed or sleeping. The stops along their path were infrequent and barely gave her time enough to eat and pee before the troll grabbed her up again and was running again. She was certain even if the palace guards and her betrothed were to follow them there was no way they could catch up to the running troll, especially when they reached the broken mountain range and began climbing. His long arms and legs let him reach places that would simply be beyond the abilities of any human to climb.

Upon reaching the near-summit of the mountain the troll slipped in to a cave and they began climbing back down inside the mountain. The cave wasn't unpleasant. It was well lit with lanterns that gave off a pleasant smoky scent. The rock walls, floor and ceiling were well maintained, though carved from the mountain itself, it was obviously carved with great care and skill. Inside the cave she was much warmer for the trek to the top of the mountain brought them to near-freezing temperatures and even a light snowfall.

"So is this your home?" Romina asked politely. He still hadn't put her down and was carrying both of them through an impossible-to-follow network of intertwined passages.

The troll merely grunted.

"Do I get to meet your family now?" she asked half-sarcastically.

This meant nothing to the troll so it kept silent.

"You're a wonderful conversationalist," she complimented him.

More silence.

"You know, my betrothed killed the troll that impregnated me. Are you his brother? Father? Cousin? Old army mate?"

"I know," the troll grunted at her. It was the most words she had ever heard him speak.

"Well, good." She couldn't think of anything else to say and fell silent, waiting to see what would happen next. It wasn't long before the trek inside the mountain ended at a heavy iron door. The troll yanked the massive barrier aside and shoved her in along with the baby. The iron door slammed behind her and she could hear a heavy bolt being slid into place. She was certain she had just been locked in a prison cell. She was wrong.

"So nice to have new blood around here," a woman's voice said.

Romina turned around and was confronted by three of the most unusual women she had ever seen.

All were obviously human, or at least had once been human. It was obvious they hadn't seen the light of day in a long time and had taken to their captivity well, if in an usual manner. All three were completely unclothed, though apparently they wore thin slippers to protect their feet from the stone floor; there was no need for clothing, the cave was more than warm enough.

The first woman was the shortest of the bunch, but sported wide, womanly hips. Her long black, bushy hair was tied back from her face with tangles of braids that were shot through with strips of leather. Almost her entire body had been tattooed with swirls and patterns of green-black ink; it was almost impossible to tell where her actual skin began and the ink covered. The second girl had scars all over her body, vicious red marks on top of her otherwise perfectly pale skin. Her fiery red hair was pulled back to a single tight ponytail that hung down to her waist. The scars, Romina noticed upon closer inspection, were actually brands like what would have been placed on a horse or cow. The marks formed an intricate, interwoven pattern all over her body. The last woman was just strange to Romina's eyes. Her entire body was stained a deep green color, not quite black, but dark green like the sea. It was impossible to tell what her skin and hair color had been before, her hair was a slightly darker shade of green, what little there was of it. The hair on her head had been cut short, like a soldier would have beneath his helmet, and the hair that should be between her legs was completely absent. She was also obviously pregnant; her swollen belly bulged forward proudly. Romina felt the smallest twinge of jealousy, but then remembered she had her own child in her arms.

Strange as all of that might be, none of it could top the other decorations attached to their bodies. In additional to common ear piercings, all three sported large rings through their navels, even the pregnant green one. Romina could see various lip and other facial rings and studs. Between the tattooed girl's legs hung a pair of short gold chains; Romina couldn't see exactly, but was certain the chains were permanently affixed to her cunt. The one item that unified the three women, different in every other aspect, were the adornments to their breasts.

Nipple piercings of rings and studs weren't unknown to Romina; a few members of the Society of the Weeping Rose proudly wore such jewelry. But these woman had studs placed through their nipples and then added bright gold discs, shields really, around the nipples, hiding the areola. It was odd that they were completely different, except for their modification of their breasts.

"New blood?" Romina asked, a little nervously. It was one thing to crave troll cock in the safety of the royal palace. It was another entirely to be facing strange women apparently the prisoners of a troll nest, that had been abused by the trolls for strange enjoyments.

"It's a little hard for only three women to service the needs of Dorgok. He's a randy little fucker," the scarred woman said. The other two laughed at her joke. "In no way is he little."

"Your baby?" the green girl asked, pointing at the bundle in Romina's arms.

"Yes."

"How old?"

"Four days."

"Who's the sire?"

"I don't know his name. He raped me and then my betrothed killed him."

The tattooed woman snickered. "If he impregnated you and you still stand here alive and well, the he hardly raped you."

Romina frowned angrily. "How do you figure that?"

Almost a full head shorter than Romina, the tattooed woman stood perfectly straight and gestured toward her loins. "Few women are able to accommodate a troll cock. Few still enjoy it. The rarest of women do both and a third: she carries the seed of a troll. You are the rarest of the three, you are like us, a troll breeder."

All three moved in on Romina, surrounding her, not letting her escape. "Welcome," they said in unison, then each proceeded to kiss her full on the lips.

The scarred woman took the baby out of Romina's arms and admired him. "He's starting to ripen. You've been suckling him?"

"Yes."

"We'll need to place your nipple shields soon. In just a few weeks he'll get his teeth and the last thing you want is a troll baby biting and chewing on your tits."

For all their fierce appearance the three women weren't any different from other women in the world, be they peasant or noble. Their wants were simple, to have children and live well. They all admired the baby she brought with her to the trolls' cave and were eager to give her advice.

"We'll do your nipple shields first," Brandy told her the next day. "Dorgok doesn't care about them. He'll start your modifications soon." She absently stroked the scars on her arm 

"Who is Dorgok?" Romina asked.

"Only the chief of this troll clan," Verdith answered. She was busy eating the remains of the massive breakfast brought by one of the servant goblins. The trolls wanted their women as large as possible when breeding for this caused their spawn to be large as well.

"You probably won't see him for a few weeks, he won't try to breed you until them," Taffy said. She was nursing her own child. Romina found it fascinating. While her own baby appeared to be simply an ugly human baby, Taffy's child, almost a year old, had already begun to ripen, his skin had taken on a green cast and the characteristic heavy brow and strong build of an adult troll.

"Breed me?"

"Why else are we here?" Brandy all but giggled. "We love troll cock and they breed us to produce their young."

Even though she appeared immature, Brandy apparently had been in the troll's cave the longest and had produced two offspring for Dorgok so far, making her the current favorite of the chieftain. She was regarded as the leader of the women and it was her duty to give Romina her nipple shields. It was obvious why the shields were necessary after watching Taffy nurse; the troll child fed with such enthusiasm that her breasts would have been completely savaged if not for the metal shields. The suckling child's mouth was filled with small, sharp teeth that would have torn the woman's flesh.

It was almost a relief when Brandy told her to lay down on one of the hard beds. She produced a kit of sharp instruments and carefully evaluated Romina's nipples. The princess enjoyed the attention, her pink nipples coming erect at Brandy's touch. "This is going to hurt," Brandy warned her. Romina was certain the slight pain of a pinprick would be nothing compared to feeding a growing troll child.

She was almost wrong. The needle going into her nipple was as if a lance of fire had been slammed through her chest. Taffy held her down while Brandy worked quickly securing the large metal disc to her nipple with a large pin.

"Unholy fuck!" screamed Romina.

Brandy looked at her with a mixture of sympathy and amusement. "Hurts, doesn't it?" she asked.

"Yes," Romina agreed, almost crying.

"We're half done," Brandy reassured her and picked up her needle again.

It was better after it was done. She felt more a part of the group while wearing the shields. Taffy made her pain go away by reaching between her legs and manipulating her pleasure nub. The pain caused by the piercing Romina easily converted to pleasure and was easily brought to orgasm.