 After that, her life became one of pleasure and ease. Goblins took care of whatever minor needs they had, food was provided, she nursed her child and the four women played sex games to pass the otherwise empty time. Romina was most impressed with the number and variety of toys given to them by the trolls. She was told they were all handmade the trolls who apparently were mastersmiths and craftsmen.

Romina was intrigued by the pair of fine gold chains laced through Taffy's labia. It was intricate work on both the chains and the piercings where the chains penetrated her flesh. In essence the chains were an interlaced barrier preventing and substantial penetration of her cunt. It was easy enough to slide the chains through the flesh holes and Romina found this fascinating. She would spend hours manipulating Taffy's chains to both women's amusement and pleasure.

"Can Brandy give me chains like this?" she asked after steeling her determination to will herself through the pain to ornament herself like her lover. Her face was inches away from Taffy's cunt and she teased the other woman by sliding the chains back and forth and sliding her finger deep into the woman's pink wetness.

"No," Taffy sighed.

Romina was miffed. "Why not?" She licked the length of one chain terminating her stroke on the large pleasure nub at the apex of Taffy's pierced cunt.

"Only Dorgok is allowed to do body decoration," Brandy explained from her seat on the opposite side of their sleeping quarters. She had been napping lightly, only paying half attention to the other's activities. "Except for the shields."

"I thought you did them all," Romina said.

"I do, but only at Dorgok's orders. You'll have to wait for what he decides is right for you."

"But I haven't even met him. How would he know what's right for me?"

"He'll know," Brandy said confidently.

She didn't have to wait long for his decision. One morning the iron door was opened to allow the servant goblins to deliver breakfast and the most massive and majestic troll she had ever seen. He was grim and heavy browed, his green-gray skin taut against his powerful muscles. The chieftain only wore a loincloth and that promised the most massive cock Romina could ever imagine. She was dumbfounded by his presence, unable to say a single word. He just stared at her a minute, evaluating this prize that had been locked away for a month.

He stood still, watching Romina breathe, then said one word to Brandy before he left. "Horns."

None of the other women had spoken or moved when Dorgok had come into their chambers. Only after he left was Romina able to find her voice.

"What did he mean?"

Brandy looked slightly shaken; she was contemplating how she would fulfill her owner's request. She couldn't even look at Romina. "You're getting something new."

"What am I getting?" Romina asked nervously. It was the first time she had any anxiety since coming to the troll cave.

"You heard him," Brandy snapped. "Horns." The other woman was visibly shaken by the decision even as she went to the chest that contained her tools and started sorting through the supplies. "You won't want to be awake for this," she said, turning around with a crystal vial of yellow liquid in her hand. "Drink this."

"What is it?"

"It'll make you sleep," Brandy explained, putting the vial in Romina's clenched fist. "Trust me, you'll want to be asleep."

Her hand shaking slightly, Romina popped the cork on the vial and took a sip of the liquid. It was sour and bitter and she immediately wanted to spit it out, but forced herself to swallow.

"Good," Brandy complimented her. "Now finish it. Quickly."

Romina nodded. Already her hands had stopped shaking, but her vision was getting cloudy. She upended the vial, grimaced against the horrible taste, and then everything went black.

When she woke from the effects of the vial, she had a headache that made her want to curl into a ball and cry. It was both a throbbing and piercing pain; the kind of pain she found impossible to convert.

"Take this," Taffy said, shoving a cup into her hands as she brought Romina to a sitting position. "It'll help with the pain."

"I-I-I thought p-p-pain could be converted," she stammered as she tried to get her bearings. 

"There's good pain and bad pain," Taffy said. "Every decoration Dorgok gives causes bad pain. But it beautifies us. Drink."

The thick liquid was bitter but after just a few sips, the pain started to ebb. "Thank you." She managed to open her eyes and look at Taffy's concerned expression. "What's the matter?"

"Nothing," Taffy said, picking up a hand mirror from the bed. "It's best to see the results immediately afterwards, rather than wait. Ready?"

She had been pretending that what had happened was really just a figment of her imagination, that it was a bad dream or too much wine. That's what she told herself, but in reality, she knew the truth, she knew what had happened. There was no reason to pretend otherwise. She needed to face reality.

Upon peering into the mirror she recognized her face and eyes, her jaw line, but when her vision wandered up to her forehead, dreading the sight, she saw the pair of horns that Brandy had placed into her skull.

They weren't overly large, no more than a hand length total and slightly thicker than her thumb, planted in the corner of her skull, right above the temple. Each curved up and slightly forward with a twist and was brilliant white; the erratic torchlight caught bits of sparkles in the uneven surfaces. The implants might have been horns, but they were unlike the thick, black horns some of the trolls sported growing from their heads.

"I like them," Romina declared, hoping the words would make it so. "They make me look...fierce. Aggressive."

"You're well on your way to becoming a troll," Brandy commented, relieved her friend wasn't upset by the transformation.

Romina chuckled lightly. "Makes you wonder why the trolls bother capturing us at all. Why do they want half-human, half-troll babies. And why would they want to fuck human women? Wouldn't troll women be more enjoyable for them?"

The other three women looked at each other nervously, sharing a secret from Romina while the princess admired her new horns in the mirror. After a minute she noticed the silence and looked at Taffy, the one who seemed to know more than the other two. "What?" she asked puzzled at the silence. The three continue to look uncomfortably at each other until Romina glowered at them in the most royal attitude.

Finally Taffy spoke. "You are a troll-woman. We all are."

She stared blankly at them. "What?"

"All trolls are born male," Taffy carefully explained. "They need human women to breed. That's why we were taken." She shared a smile with them all. "Actually, that's why we decided to come here once we were fucked by a troll. There are no female trolls, they use us to breed."

"Oh," was all Romina could say.

"Of course the trolls don't like us to look too human, so they alter our appearance." She tilted her head toward Brandy. "Actually, they have us do it. Apparently trolls don't have the dexterity for fine detail work, and they sometimes use a little too much force. If Brandy hadn't put those horns in your head, Dorgok might have accidentally smashed your skull."

"The best part is they're all natural," Brandy piped up. "They'll grow along with you."

Romina reached up and touched her new horns, feeling them, admiring them. "What other changes does Dorgok have for me?"

"I don't know," Taffy answered.

The evening found Romina on her hands and knees, ass presented to her master, head down toward the hard bed with her new horns resting in the bedclothes. This forced her head up slightly and she was able to see down under her body to see what Dorgok had in store for her.

When his presence had been announced in their chambers, the other women had become a flurry of activity, all centered around Romina. Before she knew it the troll chieftain was in the rooms, making demands. He was magnificent, only more so when Taffy removed his loincloth and exposed his semi-rigid sex organ. It was even more massive than she could have imagined, long and fat and irregularly surfaced either through normal development or special modifications, she could not tell. Brandy and Verdith quickly fell upon the pleasure organ, stimulating it with kisses and strokes, making it rise strong and proud to the ceiling. Meanwhile Taffy led Romina to the bed, placed her on hands and knees. A vial was inserted in her cunt and she felt herself flooded with water.

"To ease his passage," Taffy whispered to her as Dorgok approached his cock rampant. Romina was ready for him; he shoved his tool into her cunt as hard and quick as he could. She prided herself that she was easily able to accommodate his giant cock, large and ridged as it was.

She still didn't know if the ridges were normal or not, but she enjoyed every irregularity and bump on his cock. It was wide enough to nearly split her in half but even the pain that caused was easily converted to pleasure. Not knowing what was expected of her, she didn't want to take too much initiative on her own, but it was too much to resist not pleasuring herself. Her hand down between her legs didn't bother Dorgok so she let herself has as many orgasms as possible before he let loose the contents of his heavy balls inside her pussy. 

His only other reaction to the end of their lovemaking beyond a grunt of appreciation when he was done emptying his load, was to wipe the slime off his cock by running it along the slopes of her ass. That done, he got off his knees and exited the women's chambers with only one word to them. "Teeth," he ordered Brandy.

She sighed and nodded acknowledgment.