 As the end of the day came to a close, Shan let odd a sigh as he went into his private office that he was given and closed the door behind him. Moving over to his closet, he removed his shirt and tossed it into a nearby clothes hamper. Reaching into the closet he pulled out his black doji pants along with a black shirt and his black boots. He never did like wearing a shirt but it did tend to help to keep the cat calls down when he left the facility. 

"You know you really gotta tell me how you got those wicked scars on your body someday" a female voice said from behind him. 

"What are you doing in here Serena?" he asked as he slipped the shirt on without turning around. He then slipped out of the rest of his uniform and replaced them with the clothing his pulled out of the closet.

"I wanted to invite you out tonight to one of the local clubs. You need to destress my friend and unwind a bit. You have been way to stressed out as of late. 

Shan turned and finally looked to her with a blank expression "Well can you blame me and I will have to think about it. I won't say yes or no right now, I just need to get away for a bit and check something out."

Serena looked at him with a sad expression and walked over to him and hugged him gently. "I worry about you Shan, I just hope that you are careful with whatever it is that you are looking for. Please come out with me tonight, I want you to relax for once instead of always just running around the way you do, it's not healthy." she said as she pulled back and looked to him.

Shan was a little hesitant but he hugged her back before gently pushing off of her. "As I said, I'll think about it. I came across something last week that seemed a bit familiar to me, something that I have not felt in a really long time and I want to go and see what it is."

Serena stared at him for a moment but then looked down and nodded. "Aright, just promise me that you will be careful." she said softly.

Shan nodded and slowly walked past her but then stopped. "What time were you planning on going to the club tonight?"

Serena looked up and turned some to look at him. "I was thinking about heading out at around eight"

Shan nodded "Which club is it, so I know which one to go to if I decide to show" 

"Pheonix, it just opened last week and I've heard a lot of good things about it, but I wanted to see it for myself."

Shan nodded once more. "Alright, try to keep an eye out for me just in case." he said as he left the office. Making his way out of the building, he did his best to dodge al of the other female guards who were trying to hit on him and even some of the inmates. Stepping outside, he looked around for a moment and teleported out of the area.

The mountain region was not exactly one of the safest places in the world, but it was the place where he had last felt that strange power. The mountains were far from the city so he knew no one would be bothering him way out here. Looking into the distance he could feel the energy coming from the north so he decided to make his way that direction first. Jumping from cliff to cliff, he was able to do this with relative ease and without any issues. He traveled for only a few moments before he found himself standing in front of a cave and peered inside the darkness that reside inside. 

Stepping forward he felt the air around him slowly becoming heavy as though there was something that was trying to prevent him from entering the cave. He would not allow this to stop him as he pushed forward, his eyes slowly adjusting to the darkness, eventually being about to fully see as he moved his way through the caves halls. The energy grew more and more intense as he ventured forth, his chest becoming a little heavy and almost hard to breath. 

Making his way around a corner and looking ahead, he noticed a strange purple light that was emanating around the walls. Stepping forward even more, the light began to get brighter and brighter and eventually he came to the room where the light was coming from. His eyes readjusting to the light he noticed that the light was coming from a sword behind held by a solider statue. The statue looked like that of one from medieval times, a knight at that. 

Approaching the statue, he examined it slowly and moved around it, trying to see if there were any kinds of traps that may reside on it. Feeling satisfied with it, he stood in front of the statue and reached his hand out, placing his hand on the hilt of the sword. As he tried to pull the sword from the statues grasp, he began to feel as though his energy was rapidly being sapped from his body.

Falling to one knee, his breathing began to become heavy and his sight slowly going fuzzy. Straining to look up at the statue, he noticed that the eyes were glowing red and a voice began to emanate around the room. "Only one of true destiny may take the Vorpal Masamune. Only those of true strength can wield its powers. If thy deem thyself worthy, then all thy must do, is the sword." the voice said.

Shan let off a grunt as he tried to stand but found it harder by the second to do so. Sweat began to trail down his face and his breathing becoming much heavier. "I...will not...be beaten..." he said aloud as he slowly began to force himself up and slowly stood. Letting off a loud growl he began to use the rest of his remaining energy and pulled as hard as he could on the blade. 

It seemed like an eternity before he began to notice that the statues hands began to crack slowly. Letting off a groan and giving one last hard tug, he ripped the blade from its stone master and fell back on the ground. Trying to catch his breath, he looked over to the statue and notice a figure beginning to appear above the statue, the figure resembling that of the statue.

"Thy have done well young warrior, thy have found the strength and courage to wield the Vorpal Masamune. I also sense that thy also have another blade of power, one that rivals that of the Vorpal blade. Go forth young one and seek out the remaining blades of power, only then will thy find the power to leave this place. But be warned, the powers that reside in the blades will cause thy great torment until thy can wield them properly." the voice stated before it vanished. 

Shan raised an eyebrow as he stood, finally finding his energy had returned to him. Reaching back, his original blade, the Spiked Masamune appeared on his back and he removed it, looking at both of them. He noticed that they both looked identical, both had a dragon as the hilt, their mouths being where the blade lay. Both also had a spiked downward curved tip but the only difference was the color. His was red while the Vorpal was purple. 

Taking both blade, he placed them against his back and they vanished instantly from sight. The air around him began to feel lighter and he let off a long sigh as he turned and made his way back to the caves entrance. The trip back seemed faster as he stepped out into what remaining sunlight there was. Night was approaching, and he still had one more challenge tonight, and that was meeting Serena at the club.