 My apologies to my followers of this series. Sorry it has taken me so long to continue on this story. I lost the original writings that I had for this series and I had to start over on the 3rd chapter. I've had a lot going on over the years and I think I am finally going to be able to be back in the saddle for a little bit. My main computer took a dive and I've been trying to get the parts for it, but they aren't cheap unfortunately. But enough about that, you all came here to see what is happening to Shanaka. Well, without further ado, here...we...go!

***

Shan had taken the time before he headed out to the club to make it home and get himself cleaned up before he made his way to Club Phoenix. Wearing a pair of dark blue jeans, a skin tight Black shirt, and a pair of black sneaker, he looked at himself in his mirror before toeing his hair back in a ponytail and let off a slight smirk. It had been a really long time since he had done anything like this, about 300 years give or take. Last time he had gone out into the night life, the whole club had turned into a ticking time bomb, and the bomb, well let's just say it was just for him. Shrugging the feeling off, he brushed his shirt down with his hands and moved out of his apartment and teleport-ed out of sight. 

The line at the club had been a fairly long one, but it wasn't too hard to get in since the guard heckled him for being what he was, if only he truly knew WHAT Shan was, he might not have gave Shan so much shit, but he didn't let it get to him and stepped inside as he was ushered in. The place was packed full, it was even a wonder how so many people were even allowed in like this, but then again the place was new and he was certain that the owners wanted to get a good word out. Upon stepping up to the bar he looked to the male black panther who was running the bar who only gave him a weird look but still smiled to him. "What'll be friend?" the panther asked in a deep voice.

Shan looked over to him and nodded. "Vodka on the rocks, straight" Shan said and placed a 10 on the bar. Swiping the money, the panther pulled out a large glass, placing a few ice cubes in and the taking a hold of a large vodka bottle, poured the contents into the glass and slid it forward. Shan nodded, thanking the panther before taking a hold of his glass. Turning, he looked around the place to finally get a good look since he was in a good position to see everything. In the center of the building was a massive dance floor, where people of different species were dancing everywhere, a style of Dance Music was playing, nothing he had heard of though since he was still new to this planet. There were cages with girls of different species in them, all of them were either dancing with a pole of just by themselves. The lights of the places were a little blinding as they flashed and zoomed all around the place. There was an upper floor that led to what appeared to be a second bar and a smaller dance floor, it was the VIP area if he had to guess. In the far back there was a patio that was enclosed in a gate, a place for people who were smokers or just wanted a bit of fresh air from inside the club itself.

"Damn don't we look tasty tonight fleshy!" came a female voice from behind him. Turning he noticed it had been Serena who in turn was looking rather sexy in his outfit. The dress that she was a deep green and had a diamond cut in the center of it, along with a long slit that went up both legs. She was also wearing a pair of heels that were the same color and it was a little hard to take his eyes off of her. "What, never seen anyone that looked this good?" she asked with a giggle. "Come on, let's find a table to place that glass and let's get this night going!" she said in an excited voice as she took his hand and moved to a nearby empty table. 

Setting his glass down on the table, Shan really had no choice but to follow her as she was pulling him onto the dance floor and immediately began to move to the beat. Shan really wasn't much of a dancer, but that didn't really stop him from trying as he began to move along with her. A lot of others that had been dancing near them began to move bag, not because they were to close, but because of a fleshling was among them. Not many people had seen someone like Shan, even if he had been here for quite some time, he just did his best to keep himself well hidden. Shan ignored the ones around him as he really wasn't here for them to begin with, so much that he was here for Serena, since she had all but begged him to come here. 

What seemed like only a few minutes had turned into a couple of hours out on the floor before they stopped and moved back to their table. Shan picked his glass up, letting off a weird face as the vodka had become a bit watered down, as he gulped the rest of it down in one shot. Shuddering he looked to Serena who was smiling and staring at him. "Wanna check out the balcony?"

Shan let off a shrug "Sure, I could use some fresh air anyways." he said as they fought their way through the crowd and into the back of the club to where the balcony was on the second floor. Stepping outside, Shan stretched and let off a small yawn. Leaning forward against the balcony, he looked on at the city around him and began to let his mind wander for a moment, thinking about the traveling he had done and realized he had never really been to place like this before. He noticed the road had still not been fully repaired where he had first landed in the middle of the city, but they were pretty close to completing it. 

"Hey, is someone in there?" Serena's voice came as the flicked his ear. Shan turned and looked at her, she was leaning on her side against the balcony railing and giving him a worried look.

Shan smiled and scratched the back of his head nodding to her. "Yeah sorry, just had a lot on my mind is all." he said as he turned back to the city. "It's just been a long time since I first arrived here, and I still can't figure out as to why I am even here." he said in a low voice.

Serena smiled and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Well, I can't answer that for you, but I am certain in due time, you will find the answers that you seek. You do really need to relax more until that time comes, I've been watching you and you push yourself to much, it's amazing that you don't collapse from all the work you've been doing lately, and I don't even know what it is that you do when you leave the job, do you even know how to relax?" she asked in a concerning voice. 

Shan let off a sigh and shook his head. "Not really, I am always constantly on the go, traveling from one place to another, where ever I am needed really. I don't get much time for anything but what I need to do, this is the first time that I've been able to do something like this in a really long time." he said turning his head to her and was shocked by what came next. The movement came so fast that he didn't even see Serena move in to kiss him.

Taking a hold of his shirt by the collar, she pulled Shan in quickly before he could even respond as to what she was doing, kissing him hard and fast. At first, she wasn't sure this was even right, but at the same time, she didn't care either. She wanted this male and she was bound and determined to have him. The kiss didn't last very long, only a few seconds, but she looked at him and bit her lower lip gently. "Sorry, I don't know why I did that" she said softly, trying to hide her feelings now. 

There was still a bit of shock in his eyes by what had just happened, but Shan didn't let it bother him as he took a step towards her and pulled her close to return the kiss that she had given him. This time, it seemed a lot longer than the first and he only stopped because he could feel eyes upon him. Scratching the back of his head, he looked down and let off a light blush. "Figured I'd return the favor" he said smiling some. 

The look in Serena's eyes had suddenly changed as he had pulled back and she gave her lips a small lick. "Why don't we head back to my place for the night. We can end this night on a good note with each other's company and maybe a movie?" she asked with a smile. 

Shan nodded to her and smiled a little more. "Sure, lead the way".