 It didn't take long for the two to arrive at her place, as she opened the door, they stepped inside and closed the door behind them, Serena locking both the handle and deadbolt. Looking to Shan, she let off an impish grin before she moved in closer to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. "So, how would you like this go? Slow and steady, hard and fast, or break everything in the room?" she stated with a soft chuckle.

Shan placed his hands on waist and shrugged. "Breaking everything sounds good, but I wouldn't want to do that to your home honestly, might be more repairs than there are keeping things together." he said with a laugh.

Serena grinned once more and pushed him into a nearby recliner. "Do you really think I care about things that I can replace?" she asked as she took a hold of the collar of her top and slid it over her head, allowing the rest of the dress to fall to the floor, revealing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. Shan was quite amazed at her body, she was well toned and her breasts were much larger than he had thought, around the size of double D's. Her skin was tight and smooth all over and as he looked towards her pussy, it too was quite smooth, but he did kind of expect that coming from her species. She moved over and straddled his lap, placing both legs on either side of him and leaned in, kissing him hard and fast. 

Shan didn't hesitate to return the kiss in full as he pulled her tightly against him, using one hand to massage one of her breasts. Serena let off a soft moan into the kiss, gently grinding herself against him and letting off a soft purring like sound as well. It wasn't long before she pulled back from the kiss and leaned into his neck and began to bite on it. Shan let off a loud groan as he felt her teeth digging into him but it was strange that he felt no pain from the bite considering how sharp her teeth were, but it was quite pleasurable. Slowly pulling back from the bite, she looked to him and grinned. "Now the other females will know to leave you be, you're mine now and all will know this as well" she said making another soft purring like sound. 

Shan reached up and felt the bite mark that he figured was also a marking territory. He looked into her eyes and let off a pleasant sounding growl and leaned into her neck to mark her as well. The bite was a little rough, but he could tell she was enjoying it from the loud moan that she had giving off. Getting up from the chair, he lifted her up as he stood, hearing her giggle as he stood. "So, where shall we take care of this?" he asked as he removed himself from her neck. 

Serena looked into his eyes and grinned. "Why not right here, its fine if the chair breaks, I've been looking to replace it anyways." she said as she slid out of his arms and moved back onto the chair, moving onto all fours and lifting her tail upwards showing off her now wet pussy. "What are you waiting for? And don't even think bout being gentle with me." she said with an impish grin, showing her teeth as she did.

Looking to her he could feel his cock growing to a full on stand as he removed his own clothing. He felt as though he could please her better in his other form, but he was afraid he would scare her, and since this was the only form that she knew of, he might as well stay in this form. Removing his clothing, he stood in behind her as she was kneeling over the chair and placed his cock against her gently. "I hope you're ready for what you've gotten yourself into." he said and without hesitation, he quickly slammed his cock all the way inside of her. The loud squeak that she made was pleasant to the ears as he took a hold of her tail and began to rapidly slam himself into her over and over. Using his other hand, he reached up and took a hold of her hair and began to pull back on it rather hard as he continued to pump into her.

"OH GOD SHAN! You have no idea how long I have been wanting this!" she moaned out loud as she felt him pounding into her. She had wanted this flesh ling for such a long time and now that she had him, she was in her happiest moment. She never wanted this to ever end and she would hope that after this he would stay with her forever. She didn't just lust for him, she ws head over heels in love with him. Letting off another squeak, she felt him beginning to go full hilt into her, feeling his entire 9 inch length and 5 inch width going directly into her hard and fast. 

She felt so tight against him that he wasn't so sure how long he was going to last against her already, it had been so long that he had had anyone and he was loving every moment of this encounter. It wasn't long before they moved off of the chair and moved to her bedroom, which was rather dark and a little hard to see, but that didn't stop the ecstasy that was going on. Serena had pushed Shan onto his back and straddled on top of him once again, grabbing a hold of his cock and slamming him back into her. This time she was in complete control as she began to bounce up and down on him. She ran her fingers through her hair as she moaned out loudly, almost to loud, but at this moment, neither one of them cared if anyone had heard them, and hoped they enjoyed the sound of pleasure that they were giving one another. 

"Shan..." she started to say in between the moans "Can we...stay like this? I don't ever want you to leave?" she asked as she moved her hands onto his chest and began to claw at him, digging her claws into him.

Shan had placed his hands on her rump, pressing her hard down onto him as he thrust ed up into her, the sounds of loud pleasurable grunting coming from him. He looked up to her and at first he wasn't sure if he was even going to be able to stay because he knew once he was done with whatever it was he needed to do, that fate would rip him straight from this world and from her. He nodded anyways and grinned "I am yours for as long as you would have me" he said in a rather deep voice. 

Serena had a smile on her that made her seem to glow and she looked even more sexy than she already was. She continued to moan out loudly even more as her orgasm was beginning to reach its peak. "Shan...I'm gonna...I'm gonna..." she instantly lost her words as her orgasm hit her quickly, and her moaning turned more into pleasant screaming as Shan gave a final thrust up into her and released his orgasm into her. She began to claw at his shoulders as she held onto him in her orgasm and finally collapsed on top of him, breathing rather heavily. "That...that was so...amazing" she said in heavy breaths.

Shan was breathing just as heavy as he continued to hold onto her, but gently this time, running his fingers up and down her spine slowly. He wanted to stay here like this with her, but once again his mind wandered for a moment to what it was that he wanted to do, should he continue his journey to find the other weapons like the one he had found, or should he stay here and at least try to live a normal and happy life. Letting off a soft but happy sigh he smiled and kissed her gently. "Yes it was, and to let you know, this was just the beginning" he said as he held her tightly and close to him.