 Shan awoke the next morning with the sun in his eyes. Looking to Serena, he smiled and ran his fingers through her hair and kissing her forehead before he slowly and quietly slipped out of the bed. Moving to the restroom, he turned the water on in the sink and splashed his face to help him wake up a little. Grabbing a towel he dried his face and looked at himself in the mirror. "What have I gotten myself into?" he asked himself under his breath. "I shouldn't be doing this to her, knowing I'm gonna be ripped from this world soon enough" he said to himself again turning the water off. 

Leaving the bathroom, he took a hold of his clothing and slipped them back on since he didn't have any clean ones. Letting off a yawn, he moved over towards the balcony that was attached to the room and looked out towards the city. It was a different feeling this early in the morning, it wasn't as loud as it usually was during the day and it was quite enjoyable for the most part. Looking off into the distance, he noticed the mountain range where he had found the sword and he began to wonder where the other two might be, or rather, the last one was. He knew his brother had one of them, the blade of Ice. Reaching both of his hands back, the two swords that he had instantly appeared on his back and he pulled them out and looked at both them wondering what kind of power that the blades themselves truly held.

"You know, you could do some real with those" came a voice behind him. Shan turned and looked to Serena who was wearing only a shirt and he smiled some and nodded. 

"These blades are currently what I am searching for. In order for me to do my final task, I need to acquire all four Masamune blades, each blade has a power of its own and they all form together to create the MasterMune. It's been told that whosoever can wield the legendary blade, will bring peace to the universe, but that's just a legend." he said as he placed them back on his back and watched as the vanished.

Serena smiled and moved towards him, placing her hands around his neck and kissing him gently. "Well, it seems to me that it's more than just a legend if you are carrying both with you, wouldn't you say so?" she asked

Shan returned the kiss and let off a shrug. "It would seem so, but I would still need to find the two remaining blades to even find out" he said in a low voice.

"Then why not go out and try to find them?" she asked as she released his neck.

Shan looked down before turning and looking back out into the city "Because, if I do happen to find them, I will end up having to leave this world" he said in a low tone.

Serena looked to him with a worried look. She loved this man and she wanted to be with him for the rest of her life, but if he were to find the weapons he was searching for, then she would lose him forever as well. Moving behind him, she wrapped her arms around his body and leaned against him, placing the side of her head against his back and just listened to his heart beat. "You know, you could also just stay here and not go looking for them either" she said softly. 

Shan nodded and continued to stare into the distance, placing a hand on one of hers. "That is true, I just wish there was a way to stop the things that happen. Unfortunately, bad things tend to follow me wherever I go, and it's amazing that within the few years that I have been here that nothing bad has happened yet"

Serena smiled and released him, moving around to stand in front of him. "Shan, maybe this is finally a sign for you to actually settle down. Have you ever thought about doing something for yourself for once and not for others. I do not know the whole story or even why you do the things that you do, but I can tell it's to help others around you, where this is admirable, you really need to make yourself happy before you can please others." she said smiling.

Shan looked down to her and nodded letting off a heavy breath. "I know that I should, but it's just hard to do things for myself when I have never really had the chance to you know." he said as he looked to her. "Why don't we sit down and have a cup of coffee and see what's on t.v." he said smiling.

Serena nodded to him. "Sounds like an idea, I need to wake up a little more any way. The remote is on the side table next to the bed, just lay back down and find something alright?" she said as she kissed him and moved out of the room, wiggling her butt a little at him as she left the room.

Shan moved over to the side table and took a hold of the remote turning the t.v. on. Flipping through most of the channels he stopped on a station that was providing the news and stared intently at what was on the screen. Serena walked into the room with two mugs in her hands and looked to Shan who was staring rather hard at the screen. "Baby, what's wrong?" she asked as she looked at the screen.

On the screen there was a reporter who was standing in front of a rather large looking ship and talking to a male who was rather handsome. His eyes were a golden color that matched his long hair. He was wearing a robe that was a deep black reaching almost to the ground and a golden sash that was draped around his shoulder reaching down to his waist. 

"Shan, do you know who that is?" she asked as she looked to him.

It took a few minutes before Shan spoke or even moved "Yeah, and things are about to get interesting." he said gritting his teeth, and clenching his fists.