 Johnny woke to an empty bed. Before he opened his eyes, he honed in on where Devan was in the house. He knew she was in the house since he kept mental tabs on her -- even while sleeping. He didn't keep mental tabs on what she was doing, what room she was in but he made sure he always knew if she was safe... Kitchen. With Menis. Fabulous.

He slipped on jeans and a tee and went downstairs. He could hear Devan giggling from outside of the kitchen door and Menis saying something in a low voice. Johnny closed his eyes and gained control over his anger before opening the door a crack.

Devan was standing at the kitchen counter mixing butter-cream frosting and Menis was dipping his finger in and trying to get Devan to lick the frosting off of his finger. She was giggling and turning away. Menis laughed back at Devan and swiped her cheek with the frosting, then licked it off. He then dipped his finger back into the bowl, put his finger by Devan's lips and smiled. Devan smiled and turned her face. "Menis... you're being frisky today..."

Menis nodded his head then swiped his finger over Devan's neck. Before he had a chance to lick it off, Johnny walked in and cleared his throat. He could feel Devan's heart racing as she wiped the frosting off her neck.

"Menis, go to your room, I will meet you there in a second." Smartly, Menis didn't argue and went upstairs.

Devan stood leaning against the counter looking down. Johnny walked in front of her and with a finger, raised her chin to look at him. "Love, you must stop flirting with Menis. What is simple, easy, harmless fun to you, is too much for him to handle. I know YOU don't mean anything by it BUT I'm telling you now, you're pushing me over my breaking point with Menis and you're shoving what he cannot have in his face. I know it's just who you are with him, but he is no longer just your friend, he is my twin brother and you are my mate and that makes it different now. Please, for me... STOP. Stop because I'm asking you to, no, begging. Because I don't' want to hurt him Devan and I'm going to. And you will never forgive me or yourself... so STOP."

Johnny lightly kissed her lips, "So we're agreed then?"

Devan nodded, "I'm sorry... I thought if I just kept it away from you, things wouldn't have to change..."

"But you see they do, right Devan?" Johnny asked.

Devan looked down, "Yes... I feel what you're feeling and I don't want to fear for him..."

Johnny kissed her forehead. "I won't hurt him... I'm going to scare the shit out of him though."

Johnny pushed open Menis' bedroom door and slammed it behind him. He could feel Menis' flippant attitude fading being replaced by fear. Absolute fear. And Johnny loved every second of it.

He grabbed Menis by the neck and lifted him off the ground, "What do I have to do to get you to stay away from her? You covet her simply because she is mine, BROTHER. Because she adores you, I will not hurt you now but let me tell you this, you continue to flirt, lick, touch or do anything to her that you KNOW I wouldn't approve of, I can promise you that she will not be able to save you. You have done enough haven't you? She was meant to be mine. She was to be my mate. She was to be pure for me, the KING. You knew that and when she was lost you searched for her ahead of me, you found her, you BED HER, you kept me from her - for 9 FUCKING YEARS, you continue to be in love with her and dream about her and want her even though she has clearly made her choice. It's NOT YOU MENIS. SO BACK THE FUCK OFF BEFORE I do more than scare you."

Johnny let Menis' neck go and he dropped in a pile on the floor gasping for air.

Johnny put his hand on the knob and turned, "Are we clear?"

Menis nodded as the door slammed.

Johnny went back up to his quarters with Devan. She had brought the cupcakes and frosting upstairs in their private kitchen and was finishing up in there. He snuck up quietly behind her, put one hand over her mouth and the other up her skirt from behind. She dropped a spoon and let out a gasp as he slid a finger into her core. She tried to turn but Johnny kept her in place, "I'll let you know when I want you to turn, do as I say" he whispered gruffly into her ear. Johnny reached the waist of her skirt and tore it off, Devan stood still, waiting for Johnny to move, he smiled and dropped his jeans, leaned Devan over the counter, and brought her ass to his hips. He played with her, entering her a bit then pulling out while he slid his fingers into her hungry mouth. She grabbed and begged for him, he could smell her heat for him, Devan tried to turn her face to him to catch a glimpse as Johnny slid a little deeper. He pulled out and tugged her hair and brought her head to his shoulder, "Did I tell you to turn? Did I? You may answer..."

Devan shook her head, "No".

Johnny gently pushed her to her knees, walked around to her front, she was panting, her lips swollen and perfect and her nipples hard through her tank top. He took her head in his hands and tilted her head up so her mouth opened and he slid into her mouth. Her hands came up and he pulled her head back, "Did I tell you to touch me? Did I Devan? You may answer..."

Devan shook her head, "No."

Johnny smiled, dipped his free hand to her tank top and tore it off. He pulled her head back again, slid into her mouth, feeling her lips grow tight around him, her tongue play with him and this time, Devan kept her hands behind her back. He smirked, keeping his hand on the back of her head controlling her speed, slowing down and speeding up, slowing down and speeding up. When he was ready to have her, he pulled her up. Devan's eyes were pleading Johnny to take her now, but he wanted to torture her a little more. He lifted her onto the counter and knelt in front of her, dipped his head between her legs and slid a finger and his tongue into her. She was deliciously wet, he licked and penetrated her with his tongue, listening to her moan, gasp and plead. He stood in front of her and brought her down from the counter, leaned her over the table face down, she turned, "Oh Devan, haven't we learned by now?" He smirked. He turned her face down again and brought his hand between her legs. He slid two fingers in, out, in, out, lifting her ass up so he could reach around to her clit. He stimulated her as she grabbed the table, her head never turning. He stopped, pulled his fingers out, waiting, testing. She didn't turn, she stayed in the position he placed her in, breathing heavy, waiting for him.

He wrapped her hair around his fist again and stood her in front of him, pushed her down to her knees again, she was pleading for him to enter her. But Johnny was having fun, "Open your mouth Devan."

She opened and he entered her mouth again, sucking on him with a ferocity that told him she was desperate for him. She licked and sucked, kissed his manhood and sucked some more. He pulled out of her mouth, she stayed kneeling, he stood her up, backed her into the wall, he pinned her hands behind her back with one hand and lifted her around his waist with the other and pounded into her. He felt her legs lock around his hips, so he brought his hand up to her head and brought their lips together. Johnny pushed into her harder and deeper with each penetration of his hips and mouth. Devan let out a moan, "My God" and he could feel her getting pushed over the edge as her legs pushed his body into hers tightly. He reached up and grabbed her hair back, "I'll stop Devan, don't push me, I'll tell you when you'll cum. Got it?"

Devan nodded. He pushed gently into her, playing with her, knowing she was ready to climax. Johnny slid the tip of his penis in then looked at Devan, ripe and ready for him, begging for more. He gently pushed in a little more and grabbed Devan's hair and tugged so her back was arched. He slid his fingers into her mouth and watched her suck herself off of his fingers, deeper and deeper his fingers went into her mouth and he could feel her tongue playing.

He dipped his head to her breast and took her nipple into his mouth. He pressed it in his teeth, biting, sucking, penetrating her softly, in and out, licking and sucking, biting and tugging. Johnny stopped, smiled and looked up at Devan who was raw with passion for him, as raw as the first time they were together on that roof.

He brought her face to his, and gently kissed her lips, then pounded into her over and over again. He pushed harder and deeper with every thrust until they were both climaxing together. He grabbed Devan from behind and pressed deeply into her core, pressed his head to her neck and bit into her vein. Devan's head fell back in ecstasy as she let out a gasp and moan.

He could feel her body go limp and he gently pressed her head to his vein, nudging her to feed with him. He felt her lick, play with him, then sink her teeth in. Johnny let them disappear into the void before he made them appear on their bed, still connected, still feeding.