 I guess, looking back, if there had ever been a girl who would have been described as average in every way it would have been Holly. The first time I noticed her was the day she moved in next door.

We lived in a duplex, so when someone moved in or out next door, it was difficult not to notice. They had to move their stuff past our front door to get to theirs.

The other half of the house had been vacant for a couple of months and we were getting used to the privacy. I didn't have to worry about playing my stereo too loud, or parking in the side driveway and blocking the front entrance.

But, there she was. She was carrying boxes into the other side of the house all by herself. She was not short. Definitely not short, but not really tall either. Her hair was light, but not light enough to be called blonde, but it seemed like there may be a tinge of red to it, but only in certain light. She was dressed very modestly, a sweat shirt and a pair of sweatpants. Perfect attire for moving into a new house in late September with a chill in the air that seemed to be insisting that cold was coming. She didn't look heavy at all, but didn't seem overly thin either.

Like I said, everything about her said average. But, she was moving in and I was home by myself. It was my wife's weekend to work, so I would be spending most of the day on Saturday and Sunday trying to fill my time and keep myself from being bored.

I had noticed her go past the front window several times carrying boxes and I could hear her enter the apartment next door. When I went out to check the mail, she was approaching the porch carrying a rather large, heavy looking box. Her car was parked where I had been parking recently. She was blocking primary access to our parking at the rear of the house, but she WAS unloading her car. I was immediately annoyed at the sudden perceived inconvenience I knew would be coming, but I hoped she wouldn't continue to park there.

"Hi" I said as she stepped up on the porch. I couldn't see her entire face because of the box she was carrying, but it seemed like the rest of her... Kind of ok but not great. Not unattractive but not attractive either.

"Hi" she responded politely as she continued past me.

"Here, let me take that" I said as I stepped to take the cumbersome box from her.

"Thanks" she said as she let me take the unwieldy box from her. It was heavier than it looked and she had been managing it pretty well. She was stronger than she looked. "I'll get the door."

"Deal" I said as I followed her to her door.

She opened the door to reveal a perfect mirror image of our house/apartment. Beige walls with tan carpet, white doors and white baseboard, these places were so bland they challenged the imagination.

The living room area was partially filled with a few boxes of varying sizes. She had obviously been at this for a while this morning, but had been working by herself. She must have made several trips. Her Honda Accord didn't sport a ton of cargo room.

"Where do you want this?" I asked as I stepped into the room.

"Anywhere is fine" she said as she tossed her keys nonchalantly on the countertop separating the kitchen from the rest of the downstairs. "I'm putting all this stuff away before I bring anything else."

I put the box down next to the stairs near the rest of the boxes.

"I guess I have a new neighbor" I said as I put my hand out to shake hers. "I'm Jim. I live next door."

"Holly" she said taking my hand very gently and giving it a simple squeeze. "I am just getting my stuff moved in. I don't actually move in until the first, but Junior was nice enough to let me start moving in now."

"Gonna have to make a lot of trips in an Accord" I said with a slight chuckle.

"Yeah, I don't know how I am going to get the bigger stuff here yet." She said.

I noticed as she spoke in the dim light indoors, that the color of her hair was lighter than I had originally thought. It was strange but it seemed a shade or two blonder in here than it had outside.

"Well, anything I can do, don't hesitate to ask" I offered.

"Be careful, I might take you up on that" she said with a hint of warning.

"No, seriously. Anything I can do to help, I will" I said.

"OK. Well, I really could use the help, but I don't know how I could pay you for the help."

"Not necessary" I said. "Do you have anything else to carry in?"

"No, that's it for this trip."

"OK. Well, it has been nice to meet you" I said.

"You too" she said flashing a smile.

'Cute smile' I thought.

My wife got home from work a couple of hours later. Holly had been gone for quite a while, and there was no sign that she had ever been there.

"Hi" I said as she walked in the door.

"Hi" she said as she collapsed in the recliner leaving her purse and lunch bag lying beside the chair in the floor.

"Tough day?" I asked.

"Of course" she said. Tammy and I worked alone today and the docs couldn't understand why two of us had a hard time keeping up with work that was scheduled for four.

I handed her a cup of the fresh coffee that I had put on just prior to her arriving home and she launched into an hour long tirade about how overworked she was and how much her coworkers took advantage of her. I listened, nodded in agreement, and generally supported her positions as I always did, but the truth was, my mind was elsewhere.

I had wanted to tell her we had a new neighbor, but she had not given me an opportunity to speak. It seemed like all of our conversations revolved around her job and her coworkers and her friends and the people that inconvenienced her on the drive to and from work.

So, it passed. But, I found myself on the verge of telling her about the new, unremarkable neighbor several times. But, I never did.

Sunday was a glorious day. It was that kind of day that only happens in late September or early October. It was warm without being hot. The sun was bright, with just enough cirrus clouds to lend a fluffy light texture to the otherwise clear sky.

Cheri was gone when I woke up. It was late for me, too. About 8:30, but I was usually up at 5 to get ready for work and I had maintained the same schedule for so long that I had grown accustomed to it. I no longer needed an alarm clock.

But, I had slept poorly the night before. I had been awake several times. There seemed to be an undulated whir filling my ears. It was so faint I wasn't even sure anything was really there. It could just be that I was really tired. 

But, it was weird. I was having dreams of some sort. I couldn't remember them at all, but I had had an erection when I woke up, and when I tried to recall my dreams, the sound seemed to get a little more pronounced and my erection was immediately harder.

I reached down and touched my cock. It was still hard. For all the good that would do me. Cheri and I had come to almost a standstill sexually. It had probably been two months since the last time, and then it had been work to get through.

Cheri wasn't unattractive. But, she was a good girl. A church girl, she had been a virgin when we married and her sexual appetite was almost nonexistent.

I started to masturbate, but I couldn't focus my mind on anything in particular. Images shot through my brain like a slide projector running too fast.

The images were there and gone before I could focus on them, but it seemed my cock was getting harder and harder with each passing minute. I began to stroke my blazing erection harder and my mind wandered through every type of girl possible. A brunette, a redhead, a blonder, a girl with big tits, tiny tits, then suddenly a cock, an ass, then more tits and ass, and pretty faces, and girls in all stages of dress and undress.

Suddenly, I came. Thick white cum sprayed from the end of my massive erection, shooting up to my chin. I dropped my arms to my side, and lay there on the bed looking at the ceiling. I was thinking about something, but I didn't know what. But, that sound was back. At least, I thought it was. It was very faint. I couldn't tell for sure if it was really there or where it came from.

It didn't go away, however. I got some clothes and got a shower. The hot water cascading on me melted the tension from me, and it felt good to just stand there and feel it.

I don't know how long I was in there. It felt like a few seconds had passed, but I was relaxed as if I had been in a hot tub for an hour. But, that sound was still there. Now, I was sure of it. It was still faint, but I knew it was there. And, my cock was hard again.

I got dressed and put on coffee. Looking out the kitchen window, I saw Holly parked behind the house. We both had sliding doors opening onto small decks in the back. 

She walked out her back door to her car, and opened the door to pick up a box. I stepped over and opened the door.

"Hold on. I'll give you a hand" I said.

"Thanks" she said. "But there is plenty more. I won't turn down the help."

As I approached the car door, I noticed one thing as I got closer to her. She was dressed much as the day before, except with thinner Yoga pants and a loose top. The top, however, was short sleeve and her arms were exposed. She obviously worked out. 

Her arms were very toned, even muscular.

'MMM' I thought. Followed by 'Where did that come from.'

She smiled at me as if she had read my mind.

'Weird' I thought and followed her in.

"How long have you been here?" I asked as I put down the box in her kitchen.

She had obviously been here quite a while after I had left the night before or had gotten here very early. Everything we had carried in yesterday was unpacked and put in its pace neatly. There was a sofa that had not been there, along with an occasional table.

Nice stuff, muted tones, functional with a hint of elegance. She had taste.

"Do you want coffee?" she said as I sat the last of the boxes down.

"No, thanks. Don't trouble yourself."

"It's no trouble. It's already made." She reached into the cabinet and pulled out a cup.

"How do you take it? Cream?" she asked as she went to the refrigerator. She was already opening the door as I answered yes.

"Thanks" I said as she sat it on the counter. I sat on the stool. 

She poured herself a cup and sat on the opposite stool.

"You have gotten a lot done here" I said.

"A little at a time, but yeah, it's coming along."

I caught myself watching her as she picked up her cup, her elbows resting on the counter, and leaned forward to take a sip of her steaming coffee. Her lips pursed slightly as she blew lightly into the cup.

I watched as she tipped the cup slightly and watched the liquid enter her mouth. It seemed to be in slow motion. I could see the drops as they entered. I could see the texture lines on her lips. I could see them glisten. They seemed to take up my entire field of vision.

I watched the cup pull away from her lips. They parted. They began to move. No sound registered. No sound except for the buzzing in my brain. It was there again. The sound from last night. It was louder now. It was filling my mind. I couldn't take myself away from it. Even as she spoke, and I couldn't hear her, my focus was still on that sound and her lips.

"What?" I said as I suddenly was able to pull myself back to consciousness.

"Oh, I just asked if you like living here." She said nonchalantly with a smile.

I was right. Very nice smile.

"It's OK. It's close enough to town that we aren't in the boonies but just far enough that I have a yard and can listen to my music loud sometimes."

"Music won't bother me." She said. "I love music."

"Cool" I replied as I picked up my coffee. How long had I been out of it, I wondered. My coffee was completely cold.

"Here, let me warm that up" she said.

"Oh, no. I really should get going." I was only leaving because I felt like I should. The truth was, I wanted to stay. I didn't know why.

"OK. Come back anytime." She said as she took my cup. "I am sure I will need a lot more help."

The edges of her mouth had a natural upturn, even when she wasn't smiling, giving off a happy, peaceful vibe.

"Do you hear that?" I asked. That hum had returned. It didn't seem to be coming from anywhere. And it felt as if it came from everywhere. Yet, it was barely audible.

"No, I don't hear anything." She responded with a smile.

"Oh, I started hearing it last night."

"Nope. Nothing." She said with a shrug of her shoulder. I thought I caught the almost imperceptible bounce of one of her tits under that loose fitting shirt. They seemed a little bigger than I had first thought.

"OK. Well, let me know if you need anything." I said as I dismissed myself.

"I will" I heard her say as the door shut behind me.

I didn't see her the rest of the day. She never came out of her house again, as far as I could tell. But, I thought about her all day. How long had I been out of it staring at her lips. How had I not noticed how perfect they were. Or how perfect her skin was.

And that almost imperceptible bounce of her tit. How big were they? I still really couldn't tell. What did they look like? How big was her areola? What did her nipples look like?

Every once in a while, I would see if I could locate a source for the humming in my head, which was now constant. But, that seemed to be the only thing that I got accomplished prior to Cheri coming home.

After that, it was a normal evening. Dinner, some TV, and then bed. All the while I heard that humming and she didn't. But, she had always had a little bit of trouble hearing. 

Cheri drifted off as if she didn't have a care in the world, but my mind was racing. That humming seemed to pull me into myself. It focused my thoughts. And my thoughts were all about Holly. Her lips. Her hair. Her tits. I lay there with my eyes wide open seeing her tits. But, I didn't know what they looked like, so in my mind she had ever changing tits.

Sometimes small, sometimes large. Big round areola with flat nipples. Little tiny areola with long erect nipples. It seemed as if I was trying a never ending showroom from the tit store on her to see what looked best.

She would reach up and touch them occasionally, and always beneath the hum I thought I heard something.

The next few days were a blur. I couldn't focus on anything besides the humming in my head. Nobody else heard it, but it was everywhere and it was constant. It also seemed more insistent.

It was harder and harder to ignore and it took me to places I hadn't ever been. There always seemed to be a subtext. A voice, soft, breathy and sensual, but never really understood. She was speaking words but I couldn't make them out.

Even when they were loud enough to be sure they were there, the words were so sudden and unexpected that they were impossible to distinguish.

Sometimes the hum undulated slowly and then its speed would start to increase. Becoming more insistent. The words became louder but they were as unintelligible as ever.

There were constant images in my mind as well. Images I had never seen before. Images that were there then gone. Just flashes in my mind.

At first, I never really knew what I was seeing, but it became more focused as the week went on. Generic pussy, sometimes spread wide open revealing folds of pink, glistening with moisture as thin fingers opened it wider and caressed the edges, sometimes spreading it wider and it would fill my field of vision.

Then a pretty female face, floating in front of me, demanding my attention as she spoke, but I heard nothing.

Then fingers in the pussy.

Then boots coming off of beautiful legs with beautiful feet. As I stared at the feet they filled my vision and then as they backed away I saw her cock, flaccid and lying on a sofa. She touched it and then it was gone.

I heard the voice say something and the big pussy was sitting in the floor of a shower, spread wide and inviting.

Then, my sister in law, who I had known since she was nine, but now was a beautiful young woman in her thirties. I saw her lips as I kissed them, then her tits.

Then the girls cock was in my face as she stroked it.

Then, a set of very small, tight tits with extremely long, erect nipples.

The longer it went on, the deeper it drew me in. I fell asleep with the humming in my head drawing me down.

The girl with the cock was peeing in the shower from her beautiful semi erect penis. She turned on the shower and the girl in the shower was opening her pussy wider for me as drops of water bounced off of it.

I slept well and hard. My night was filled with this and so much more. I woke up with an erection and cum stains on my underwear. I had cum either multiple times or once very hard because there was a lot of cum,

I looked at my underwear as I took them off. I stared at the still moist cum stain. I couldn't look away. I saw a tit, small with perfect nipples fill my vision but I could still see the cum stained underwear. The she was stroking her nipples then she was spreading that pussy even wider, revealing more and more inside. But, the underwear was still there.

I put them to my nose and smelled them. They smelled like cum. I took the smell in and suddenly I was licking my own cum off of my underwear as her face filled my vision and smiled.

Then it was her cock in my mouth. Then my tongue was on her pussy. I could taste them both. And the voices in my head had turned from words to moans.

Her fingers thrust into her pussy. Then her cock filled my vision.

I was lost for several minutes. Then, suddenly, I realized I needed to get ready for work. All the images and smells and sounds were still there and the humming was pulling me in, but I went to shower.

The hot water felt good. It distracted me from what was in my head. But, only for a moment. She was lying in a shower, with water raining on her and she was playing with her pussy. Wide and swollen, gaping, obviously having been fucked a lot and wanting more. Her fingers caressed it, opened it up for me.

The voice in my head coalesced into words.

"My pussy is ready for you." A sensual, breathy voice said between moans.

"Fuck me now."

"I want you to eat me out. Taste my cum."

More moans.

My hands were caressing my chest, lathering up with soap. I lathered my chest, my sides and down to my abdomen. I touched my cock and the buzzing suddenly became a very low steady buzz with a chant behind it.

I couldn't understand a word it said. But a sensual female voice was suddenly discernible.

"Cock."

Moan.

"MMMM."

"Pussy."

More moaning.

"Cum."

"I want some cock."

"Fuck me now."

"Oh yeah."

"Not yet baby."

Kissing sounds.

She was touching her cock in the shower as I sucked on my sister in laws tits.

Then I was below her and she was peeing on me again.

And I was cumming as her fingers spread that beautiful gaping pussy wide open for me.

And, suddenly, the hum was back to it constant undulation.

I got dressed for work with a constantly changing vision of a beautiful blonde with a huge cock in the shower and a gaping pussy being spread wide for me.

I drove to work, barely able to focus on the road or the drive but I did.

"You want a fucking whore, don't you?" Deeper. More dominant.

"Fucking cum for us. Fucking cum for us. Fucking Cum for us." The voice was insistent.

I reached down to touch my cock through my pants and came immediately.

The moaning returned.

Then, the face. Somehow familiar, but not known to me.

It was that way all day.

I got home from work after Cheri. She had made dinner and we sat at the table across from each other.

As I sat there talking to her, suddenly she was sucking the girls cock. Someone was sucking her tits. Black cocks were in her hands. Then in mine.

The girl was jerking her cock off over my face. The pussy was filling my vision.
