 Sorry it took so long for the third installment. MY PC crashed and I forgot I had actually backed things up. Imagine that.

*****

I wandered into the bathroom to take a shower and get ready for work immediately after putting on coffee. I was confused and spent. I felt so tired, as if I had worked hard all night. Or as if I had fucked all night, but that was impossible.

The whole dream had that fluidity that dreams have. I would be in one place and then immediately in another. Holly's appearance had continually changed as if every fantasy that had gone through my mind changed her into something else. I knew she didn't have a cock. You can tell, plus, I had seen her nearly naked.

And yet, my throat was sore and my ass hurt.

The hot water rained down on me and helped me clear the cobwebs from my head. It also helped that the ringing was gone. In it's place was a gnawing lonliness. I wanted to see Holly, even though I knew last night was all a dream. It was as if something I had was suddenly gone.

I hurried through my shower and grabbed a cup of fresh coffee wrapped in a towel before I went in to get dressed. 

As I poured it, I looked out the back window. There was Holly heading out to her car. She was wearing a pair of jean shorts that were so short and frayed that they looked like most of her crotch must be exposed, and somehow I knew she wasn't wearing any underwear. Her top was a white tube top that did nothing to hide her very prominent erect nipples. Her hair was wild and hanging free.

She looked like the epitome of a slut. She was so hot, and as she waved she exuded an air of sexuality that said fuck me now if you want to.

Had I thought that or heard it? I couldn't be sure. 

"Come on over for coffee or anything else you might like." I had clearly heard that in my head as she gave her perfect ass a shake walking toward her door.

"What's happening to me" I said as I opened the door.

She came to me and kissed me on the cheek as she whispered "I told you we were joined."

"What does that mean?" I pleaded for an answer, but even as I begged to know what was happening to me I didn't care. I just wanted to be in her presence. NO, that was a lie. I just wanted to fuck her in every way possible.

"Is that all you want?" she asked.

"What..." I stammered.

"Come on in" she said as she went to her door and invited me in.

Of course, I couldn't refuse.

"You have...uhhh...let your hair down" I commented. "I like it."

"Of course you do. We are joined. I am whatever you want me to be." she said as she absentmindedly caressed herself.

"Whatever I want?" I asked, confused.

"You wanted me to be a slut. And your desires change all the time. It makes it interesting for me. I like the challenge." She explained.

This wasn't making any sense, but I was caring less and less and her hands were becoming more and more active. She pulled her top down and caressed her nipples while still holding a conversation with me. I was having a harder and harder time concentrating, or caring, about what we were talking about.

"So, was last night a dream?" I asked.

"Yes...and no." came her noncommittal answer.

"Did I fuck you?" I finally blurted it out..

"Yes." Her fingers slid inside her pants. My cock was hard.

"Did you fuck me?" I had the nerve to ask finally.

"Yes. Several ways as a matter of fact. I planted my seed in you twice. It was necessary." She explained.

"For what?" I asked.

"Did you like it?" she asked bluntly.

"Yes" I said.

"Then why worry about it" she replied. "Just shut up and fuck me." She said as she took her shorts off in one deft maneuver.

Her pussy had been a beautiful, shaved slit before. A seemingly untouched mound waiting for my cock, but now, in a day, it had transformed to the pussy of a slut who has been fucked repeatedly, over and over, by huge cocks. In a day it had become a worn orifice.

I had fantasized about a girl this slutty for years, and suddenly here she was.

Her fingers traced the edges of her gaping labia, with lips at least an inch, with more than an inch gape at rest. They swelled as she stroked them gently, I could see the mounds and ribs of flesh inside her pussy and the glistening that told me she was already horny.

I buried my face in that pussy and lapped at the already running juices, letting them run into my mouth and coat my face as my tongue lapped them up. Her hand went to the back of my head and shoved my head into her as she ground my face with her pussy.

It didn't take long until I felt her begin to tense, and suddenly, I was drenched. She squirted more than I had ever seen before and didn't stop using my tongue to make herself cum.

Suddenly, in what seemed to be one movement, she undid my pants and pulled them and my underwear down and slid her wet, cavernous pussy on my cock. I slid into her with no effort, barely touching the sides of her vagina. But then, she clamped down and slid up off of me slowly, as she looked directly into my eyes with her lips nearly touching mine. Her muscles contracted on my cock, massaging it as she rose.

"Do you like it?" she whispered.

"Yes" I moaned, barely able to speak.

She buried her cunt on me again, and the clamped and rose slowly again. My eyes rested on her as she repeated this over and over.

"You like burying your huge cock in my tight pussy, don't you? You want to seed me again, don't you?" she said in the most sensuous voice I had ever heard.

But I didn't have a huge cock and she didn't have a tight pussy. Although, the way her muscles clamped down was amazing.

But, then I looked down. And my cock was huge. I mean, unnaturally huge. She lifted herself up to standing and never reached the end of my cock. It was as fat as my arm, and I was obviously filling her with load after load of cum as she stepped off and went down on my unexplainably huge cock. 

It must have been eighteen inches long and she took it in her mouth all the way down to my balls as I continued to pump her full of cum.

She seemed to be savoring it.

She stood when I was spent, which was quite a while, and with long strings of thick cum dripping from her mouth she reached my ears and as she licked them I could feel my own cum being left behind.

"It's only the beginning. I know everything you want. And, I'll give it to you. All the time. And, since we are joined, you will know it."

"What is happening?" I asked again.

As she climbed back in my lap, she slid my cock back into her, and as she slowly fucked my cock, she began to whisper in my ear.

"You will be everything that you want to be too" she whispered. "As long as my seed is in you."

My mind started to race. Normally, I would have thought her crazy, but if anyone has been crazy lately, it was me. Everything I wanted to be? Everything I wanted her to be?

"Yes, and yes" I heard her say in my head.

She planted her ass on my cock, and started to gyrate and it was like multiple hands were stroking my cock inside her pussy, pulling and begging for my cum. She buried her lips against mine, and I felt her tongue in my mouth.

It was a feeling I had never had before, when I suddenly realized that she had a split tongue. I had never noticed that before, but it was split, and long, and she had remarkable control over it.

It was exploring inside my mouth, caressing and grasping all it could. And, suddenly, I was shooting another huge load into her.

I went to bed early that night. Cheri was happy and she wanted to talk and cuddle, but I was spent and had been all day since my encounter with Holly.

Not only was I spent as if I'd been having marathon sex, but my mind was spent mulling over what Holly had told me. Or rather, what she had not told me. I was amazed that I really didn't care.

Ever since mine and Cheri's sex life had dried up, I had been becoming more and more perverted with the passage of each day. Holly said she would become whatever I wanted. I wasn't sure she really wanted that.

But the truth was, she was all I really wanted. She was beautiful, slutty, and open minded.

But, what about the other stuff. Was it some kind of brainwashing?

"No" came her voice in my head. I heard it as clearly as if she had been lying in bed beside me. I looked around but Cheri and I were alone.

"Is it real?" I voiced a thought in my head.

Again, I heard her respond. "All real. How slutty do you want me to be?"

"I don't...I..." I stammered mentally.

"Yes you do" she replied. "There is no need to pretend. It's what I am and what I was made for. I already know the answer. I just want you to be able to say it. Always."

I still couldn't bring myself to tell her that what I wanted was a slut, 24/7. A slut who was into everything as I was. 

But, she heard that too, somehow.

"Tell me what you want" she whispered in my ear. "A slut?"

"Yes" I replied breathlessly.

"All the time?" she said, even more sensually.

"Yes" I replied. The words were almost inaudible.

"You want me to fuck..." she started.

"Anyone" I finished.

"When?" she asked.

"Anytime. The sluttiest, nastiest ways you can." It was becoming easier as she continued to massage my cock with her magnificent pussy.

Do you want me to seed them?" she asked.

"No" I replied. "That is just for me. You are mine."

"Yes" she whispered as she increased the vigor of her assault on my cock. "You want to know when I fuck. Feel when I fuck."

"Yes" I whispered as my body started to convulse.

"Do you want to feel it, too? We are joined. You can have all that and more." She whispered in my ear.

"Yes" I moaned as my preternaturally large cock shot what seemed like a quart of semen into her. She moaned in appreciation as she let herself be filled.

"Thank you" she said.

"For what?" I asked as she took my cock in her mouth and took it to the base, slowly and sensually with no effort at all.

"For filling me" she said as my cock left her mouth. "It's my purpose."

She slowly consumed my cock again. I didn't ask any questions. I just enjoyed the best blowjob I ever had.