 And so it went for Romina. She had nothing to do but await the various body decorations ordered by Dorgok and performed by Brandy. Their captor, their owner, their lover, would either come to their chambers every few days to mate with one, or more, of the troll-women. The chieftain never said more than a few words, but seemed to be pleased with the growth of Verdith's belly and somehow sensed that Taffy had been impregnated even before she realized it. She was pleased at this turn of events for it would be her second spawning for Dorgok; he wasn't displeased, but it was almost impossible to read any of the troll's emotions.

"Why isn't he happy?" Romina asked.

Verdith waved her hand dismissively. "Who can tell with trolls. Maybe he had bad news in one of his other harems." Her new baby was only a month old now and was eagerly feeding at her breast. Romina's own baby had fully taken on his sire's gray-green skin tone and was starting to sprout horns similar to what Romina now had

"Other harems?"

"You don't think were the only troll-women here, do you?"

"Uh, no," Romina agreed. "Maybe there's a problem with one of the other women?"

"Probably," Taffy said, she hadn't taken her eyes off her belly since Dorgok's announcement. She absently ran her hand over her still-flat belly, soon to be swollen with another troll for Dorgok's ranks.

Romina realized she had been in the troll's cave for almost a year. Her time was passed mostly happily. Her son was growing strong and large, much quicker than a human baby, and that pleased her. The sex with Dorgok was amazing, every time he entered her felt like a violation; she welcomed the pain and converted it to pleasure. Every ache and sore afterwards was well worth the rewards. The other women were all as capable of handling Dorgok's rampant sex drive and they shared both him and each other. Every so often they wished for gentle sex that only one of their harem-mates could provide. She had lost all contact with the outer world and didn't care.

It was a morning like all the others when Dorgok strode in and announced to Romina, "I have a present for you."

This was the most words Dorgok had ever spoken in her presence. It was also the first time he had ever directly addressed her. She was speechless for a moment, then managed to splutter, "What? What is it?"

The troll grunted and signaled to the servant goblins who hauled in the bound body of a human male. At first she thought the man was dead, but then realized he was simply masked and gagged, as he struggled against the bindings.

"Human," Dorgok grunted. "Says he knows you." With that he turned, dropped a bag next to the door, stepped through and locked them back into the harem.

Romina stood frozen in place. Brandy held no such reservations. She marched up to the man and yanked off his mask, revealing his identity. Romina recognized him immediately, Dev, however, was temporarily blinded by the bright lantern light and blinked his vision into focus. He was startled by the fearsome appearance of the four women and he tried to scramble out of the way to safety. It was sadly comical to watch his struggles.

Taffy went to the bag and opened it to see what present Dorgok had left them. Her face erupted in surprise. "Dorgok has a task for you, Romina."

Dev looked with alarm at Romina. It could have been the lighting or the time since he had last seen her, but it wasn't he hadn't recognized his betrothed because she was hardly the woman he last knew. She had been transformed into a hideously fierce version of his former love.

"Romina?" he gasped, squinting, trying to see through her changes to the woman she once was.

"Yes, Betrothed. Have you missed me?"

"I -- I -- I," was all he managed to stammer out while staring at her.

Her horns had grafted well to her skull, they were growing nicely, shimmering in the light. To this Brandy had already added the nipple shields and placed a thick gold ring through Romina's navel. Her frightening visage was augmented with a set of lengthened incisors that protruded slightly from her closed mouth, the bright white tips of the fangs brilliant against her dark red lips. A set of gemstone had been implanted in the skin of her chest, directly into her breastbone and collarbones. Along her back in a double stripe, on opposite sides of her spin, were spiky ridges similar to her horns. The most elaborate modification of them all was a long prehensile tail implanted at the base of her spine, right above the cleft of her ass. It had been the most painful part of her transformation; she didn't know how Brandy had done it, certainly there had been a dose of magic involved, but her skin and spine had been sliced open and this foreign piece of flesh and bone had been grafted onto her body. She didn't know who the tail's previous owner was for that did not concern her.

"What's the matter?" she asked, teasing, running her hands down her sides and slipping one between her legs to absently stroke her lightly furred sex. 

"What's happened to you? What did they do to you?"

"Do to me? Nothing I didn't want. They helped me find myself. Don't you find me beautiful?" She adopted an attitude of feigned hurt, but the coy posture was lost on Dev.

"I came here to rescue you," he said, shaking his head at the frightening vision in front of him.

"I need no rescue," she replied. "I am happy. You however, are bound and captive. Perhaps I can rescue you..." 

The other troll-women laughed and Taffy delivered the bag's contents to Romina. She looked inside and smiled. 

"It appears that Dorgok has decided to let you go free, even after invading his territory. But I have one last task to do before he allows you go leave." She looked at Brandy and Taffy. "Hold him, strip him."

He was already bound and there was nowhere to escape, it was easy enough for the two women to do as she bid. Naked he was still pleasing to her eye. It would be a far easier task than she had first thought. Her pussy almost immediately started leaking her juices when Taffy and Brandy wrestled Dev onto his hands and knees, ass in the air. "You'll enjoy this, love, I promise." It was easy to pull on the harness and buckle it around her hips; Dorgok's artisans were well familiar with her by now.

Trust the trolls to design the clever harness and belt that held the bright gold artificial cock that now projected up from her pubic bone. Brandy had a similar device that she occasionally used on the other girls, but this one was obviously made for her, its first use was to be on her betrothed. She walked around to face Dev, still being held down by her cohorts. His eyes widened in terror as he saw what she was wearing.

"Romina, what's happened to you? This is wrong!"

She smiled down at him showing off her troll fangs. "Nothing has happened to me. I've simply become what is my destiny. It doesn't include you." She then walked back around him and admired his ass. "But you'll enjoy this."

"Don't," was all that Dev could say to stop her.

Romina smiled, not caring that Dev couldn't see her face. "Relax," she whispered to him as Taffy handed her one of the many jars of salve they kept about the chambers. She smeared some on the smooth artificial phallus, dipped her fingers back in the jar, scooped up a generous amount of the salve, spread apart Dev's buttocks and applied the sticky-smooth substance to his anus. He shivered with her touch, though it was impossible to tell if it was because it was her, because of her changes, or because he feared what she was about to do to him. "You'll enjoy this."

Dev's body was tense, every muscle was straining. She knelt down behind him, repositioned his legs ever so slightly and guided the tip of her dildo to his @ssh0le. She hadn't even applied any pressure when he begged, "Don't," he practically whimpered.

"You'll love this," she promised and pushed against his tight sphincter. It was a struggle for a moment while the betrothed pair fought over dominance, but eventually Romina prevailed, slowly forcing the hard dildo inside of Dev. He groaned, but Romina couldn't tell if it was from pain or pleasure or relief, or perhaps a little bit of each.

She didn't stop pushing until her tummy met with his ass. Leaning forward, she whispered in his ear, "Isn't that nice?"

He made a noncommittal sound in response.

"You can do better than that," she said, slipping her hand around his hip, searching for his sex. It wasn't hard to find for it was as rampant as the faux-cock inside him. Romina gasped in delight. "See, I knew you'd love this." She started thrusting her hips back and forth, pleasuring Dev's ass with the toy while simultaneously stroking his cock with her hand. The other women watched in approval, occasionally touching or stroking Romina or Dev as the violent lovemaking continued.

Romina made no allowance for Dev's virgin ass. She penetrated him as strongly as she wished to be taken, certain the strong young man could easily endure what she visited upon him. All the while, pounding away at him from the rear, she kept her hand busily stroking his cock, keeping it hard and ready to spew forth his seed. Taffy and Brandy never let go of Dev's arms, though it was largely unnecessary since he had already been bound by the trolls or their goblin servants.

"Stop," he suddenly pleaded. "I can't take this!"

"This is a lot easier than being killed," Taffy pointed out to him.

"Do you think the trolls would just let you go for stealing into their home?" Brandy asked.

Romina said nothing, the exertion caused a slight sheen of sweat on her body and she was breathing heavily, but not nearly as heavily as Dev who tried to contain himself under her assault. She leaned forward, put her mouth next to his ear and whispered, "Let go, you can allow yourself to cum."

"No," he grunted through gritted teeth.

It was obvious he was resisting the pleasure she was giving him and Romina wanted to make her betrothed finish. "You'll feel so much better," she promised, licking his left shoulder blade. "I know what you like." She never stopped moving her hand or thrusting her hips, but still her refused to perform. In frustration Romina bared her fangs and gently sank them into Dev's shoulder.

He screamed and his body convulsed as the orgasm started at the point of pain, ran down his spin, blossomed around his asshole, and exploded out his cock. Romina cupped her free hand at the tip of his organ, stopped thrusting but kept stroking his cock. His thick seed splashed into her hand filling it to overflowing.

When he was finally done—his body no longer convulsing, his s3men no longer flowing, his eyes no longer tearing—Romina withdrew the dildo from his ass and moved around to his face, presenting him with her cupped hand. "Drink," she ordered him.

He hesitated a moment and looked up into her eyes, pleading. 

"You know we'll be able to force you," she said smiling, drawing back her lips to display her oversized fangs. The harshness of her gaze and the physical changes she had gone through rendered her completely alien to him, to his memory of her. He bowed his head, dropping his lips and tongue into the warm seed he had deposited in her hand. It wasn't so terrible he told himself. The liquid was thick and heavy in his mouth, vaguely salty with a strong scent behind it. There was no reason to resist and fight; he didn't try to fake swallowing the liquid seed, still Romina pulled her hand away before he was finished. He looked at her in terror, afraid she was going to attack him, or give him over to the trolls. He didn't want to die.

Instead she took the remainders of his seed and rubbed in into the opening of her pussy, smearing the whitish liquid with her own juices. She held up her palm to him, displaying the mixture of their essences. "Maybe you'll get lucky and give me another bellyful." She then licked their combined sex-liquids from her hand. "Better than I remember."

Dev looked back at the floor. "What now?" he asked, unable to look up and meet her mocking eyes.

"Nothing," Romina said imperiously, flicking her tail in annoyance. "You leave and I never see you again."

"What about my child?" he asked, tears spilling.

"What child? I left her with the midwife, I assume you were smart enough to get a wetnurse."

"No, the twin you took."

Romina laughed. "He wasn't your child. He's a child of the troll-race."

"What?" he gasped, unable to comprehend the situation.

"I carried one of each," she carefully explained to him. "Your girl-child and the troll's boy-child. He's beautiful, like his mother. Don't let his welfare concern you."

It finally dawned upon Dev that Romina was his betrothed no longer. "How could you protect that...thing."

"He's mine," she said proudly. "A perfect example of the troll race, like his mother." At these words Dev wept openly, no longer ashamed at his reaction. "When you return to the palace, be careful to watch the girl as she grows. She is as much a troll as I am. Watch her carefully for she will go out into the wilderness looking to spawn more members of my race." She smiled at the thought, already proud of her infant daughter. "It is for you to decide how to deal with her then. Tell her that I love her."

Romina walked away, not looking back, her long tail swept over her perfectly formed buttocks.