 There they were sitting in the park all alone watching the sunset. They were waiting for nightfall to begin their hunt. They got a tip saying that this was a prime spot for the beasts to come out and play. His name is Alexander and his partner's name is Dracude. No one knows Dracude's real name. He refuses to tell them anything. However, when it comes to information gathering and trapping he is the best there is. Although, nobody could tell where he gets his information, he is probably the biggest mystery of all of the hunters. 

They all have different backgrounds though all of them know not to ask about them. Therefore, as for Alexander he is the best of the best. He has seen and killed more werewolves than any of his fellows. Dracude may not have killed any, but he is very skilled at trapping them. It is for this reason that he and Alexander have teamed up for all the big hunts. Night is almost upon them and the first of the wolves have come out of hiding. They continued to wait for their leader to arrive. Then before he knew it, Dracude has ducked down and a wolf flew over where his head had been seconds before. Alexander knew that there was something wrong the moment that he felt blood running down his left arm. Dracude being the expert trapper managed to grab his partner and took off. They had left the park in top speed even though they are being followed by the pack that they were hunting. The hunted became the hunter. Dracude was a fast thinker. He knew all the routes back to their base of operations and knew which ones that the werewolves could never travel. He chose the closet one to where he was and when he looked back, they had fallen behind. They had very nearly escaped them.

Once he got to the safety of the base, he gave the signal and his comrades immediately helped them. They took him to the infirmary so that he may be treated but no one was willing to believe that he would be cured.

"Please let me try something if you don't mind." Dracude asked of the assistant.

She nodded and left him to work alone. Dracude was working as quickly as he could to apply salve after salve of ointments. He tried everything that he could think of but his body was aching and he needed rest. The only thing left to do now is to wait. If Dracude hated waiting then he would have been aggravated to no end. However, seeing as to how he is a trapper he had an exceptional sense of patience. He knew that time would tell if his friend would be cured from the bite he had received. His friend, he was surprised to count any one a friend. He had been a loner for as long as he could remember. He only knew loneliness. Though now that he is aiding the hunters he has come to rely on them as they have come to rely on him. As the hours passed, Dracude grew more tired. He needed to sleep but he would not. He needed to be awake in case of an emergency. As the hours past, he could not continue to keep awake. Therefore, he decided that he would just take a little nap so he could be alert for any thing that was out of the ordinary. He awoke when he heard footsteps approaching his door. 

"Dracude, its Vance, Let me in please."

"Vance what word is there on my friend?"

"It's not good. He is starting to show signs of being one of them. What we need to do is put him in a cell to protect the rest of us. Hopefully he won't change, but all we can do is wait till night fall."

"I understand." said Dracude shaking his head. Vance rested his hand on the man's shoulder before he left.

That afternoon Malachi, a tall portly man with long brown hair, approached Dracude at the infirmary and told him that his presence was required at the town hall. Dracude knew that this was coming so he nodded his head and allowed the man to lead him to the town hall. It was a short walk from the infirmary so that when they got there they were told to wait. Ten minutes later Dracude was summoned inside the main chamber.

"Dracude, my name is Raven. To my right is Christine and to my left is Paula. You are here, as you are undoubtedly aware, because your partner, Alexander, was injured on a hunt and was bitten in the process. What we what to know was how and why."

"Ok. I had gotten a tip that told us that there was a large pack of werewolves terrorizing the park. Therefore, when I returned I had informed Vance Ventura about it. He said to team up with Alexander. So I went at once to find my friend and tell him that we were to head out that night."

"Did it occur to you that the werewolves usually mate on the full moon, and that they are even more aggressive and deadly at that time?" asked Christine.

"Honestly, no it did not. I only heard that they change at the full moon."

"It appears that you were sadly mistaken. Please, continue." invited Paula.

"Thank you. We got to the park just before sunset. We sat in one of the benches and waited. It was turning out to be a normal hunt for the both of us. Some of the lower ranked members of the pack were showing themselves. Then I sensed that something was not quite right, that was when I smelled the ones behind us. I ducked down as one lunged for my head. It was then that I realized that their leader turned to Alexander. I pushed him to try to get him out of the line of the attack. However, I was not fast enough. It still managed to scratch his left arm. No one could feel near as bad as I do. So after that I grabbed him and put his arm around my shoulder and proceeded back here."

"I see. Therefore, you thought that by bringing him back here you could possibly save him when there is currently no possible way to treat a werewolf bite. Is there anything else that you would like to add before we decide on both of your fates?" asked Raven.

"Yes, I do have one more thing. I have recently heard that if the one that contaminates a person is killed then all that were bitten by that wolf will be cured. I believe that if I could take a group of the best, excluding Alexander, I could track him down and kill him and reverse what has happened and save more people from being attacked."

"Very well, we will assign you with four people. Nikita Jones, who is an ally to us, Meier O'Riley, who is a master tracker, Jacque Fallan, who is a friend of Alexander's and another of the best hunter, and Malachi. You will have them to help and guide you. Nakita will also train you in combat. It is you who must kill the one who bit Alexander, if not then you are revoked from this clan, and Alexander will be killed regardless if you succeed or not. That is my ruling and that is final. You are dismissed." Raven ended.

Dracude felt that things could have gone better than they had but it was unexpected. Therefore, he set off to find Jacque Fallan. He would have talked to Malachi but he was gone by the time he got out. Dracude knew roughly were to find Jacque so he went to the Inn that he was staying at.

By the time that Dracude got to the inn, he found that Jacque was not there. He asked the Inn manager, Raphael, if he knew where to find him. Raphael said that Jacque was in his room on the second floor. Dracude went up to the second floor and found that Malachi was already there with Jacque.

"I see that I have come at the right time. The both of you need to get prepared to leave immediately. Be at the front gates in twenty minutes time." Dracude ordered.

"Hold on, who died and made you the boss? I am not going anywhere. This is your fight not mine." Malachi said.

"You are going, or would you like me to go back and report to Raven that you are refusing her orders?"

"Fine, but how are you going to find the other two? Meier is out on a mission and Nakita is in another town." Malachi questioned.

"You don't need to worry about that. I know where Meier is and they do not call me the master of information gathering for nothing. So again I say get prepared and meet at the front gates in twenty minutes, please," he asked.

Without argument, Jacque and Malachi left to get ready. Dracude waited for a few minutes then left to find out how to find Nakita. He went back to find Raven but he found Christine instead. He walked up to her and asked about the whereabouts of Nakita. She told him she did not know but the one he need to seek is the one he did not have with him yet. Nakita is almost as good as he is at concealment. He thanked her for the tip and went to get ready himself. He went to the armory and talked to Molly.

"Hello Molly. How are you?" He asked her.

"Worried about Alexander to be honest, how is he?"

"Not good. He is starting to show signs and they have gone and put him in a cell. I hope that my team and I will be able to cure him. We are after the one that did this to him. So what will it take to get armor to fit me, and how long will it take?"

"Three days at the best. I need your measurements. I am guessing that you will need it to be as light as possible too." Molly asked.

Dracude nodded his head and told her that he would have some one come for it and to make it so that it would be easy to transport. She nodded that she understood and started to take his measurements. When she finished she wished him all the best luck and to return safely. It took him fifteen minutes to get the rest of his gear and get to the front gates.

"Do you think it wise to send him with Dracude? Also, will you really carry out what you said about Alexander?" Paula asked.

"Of course I did not. What good is it to have a trapper that does not kill? Besides, I only said that because I knew that he would want to get revenge for what happened and not let anyone steal that away from him. So now, the matter of the double crosser, yes when the time comes Dracude or one of the others will most likely kill him for us. I just hope that none of them will be hurt. Is that answer enough?" said Raven.

"Ok I just worry that's all. You know that I am the mind of reason. I just want to be sure that no one else is killed because of him."

"I know."

Dracude had to wait for a few minutes longer than he would have liked but he knew that he could not afford to act out of haste. For the sheer fact that those who act out of haste are the ones who make the most fatal of mistakes. He needs the element of surprise if he is to succeed as well as to keep everyone alive. In addition, there was something bothering him about the way Malachi acted back at the Inn. He needed to keep an eye on him. Now that the other two had joined him, they set out to find Meier, for Meier was the one that could take them to find Nakita.

"So how are you going to find Meier and Nakita?" Jacque asked out of curiosity.

"Simple, he will find us. I know that we go south for three hundred yards. I also know that he only left a half hour ago. Therefore, he did not get that far ahead of us. We should catch up to him quickly," replied Dracude.

Jacque nodded that he understood. He took the lead and headed out. Malachi followed and Dracude brought up the rear. They kept an eye out for Meier but Dracude knew that if Meier knew he was being followed he would hide his tracks. The company went about a hundred yards when Dracude called for them to halt. He knew that they were being followed but he did not know by what. All he knew was that they were in trouble if it was a pack of werewolves. Then he heard something move from his right. He caught a glimpse of a person walking just beyond the light of the trail they were on.

"MEIER! Are you out there? It's me Dracude!"

"Will you keep it down for crying out loud? You three are being followed by a couple of beasts. I was trying to get them off your tail." Meier hissed.

"Sorry about that. Have you heard about what happened to Alexander?"

"Yeah I have. I am sorry that it happened. He was the one that helped me get revenge for my parents."

"I see I'm sorry. I need your help. Raven said you are assigned to help me."

"What is that you need help with?"

"Getting revenge on the wolf that contaminated Alexander. Though it was my fault that he wound up that way."

Meier saw that Dracude had clenched his fists and saw the anger burning in his eyes. He reminded Dracude that what they need is calm determination and patience. He also asked if anyone else was supposed to go with them. Malachi said that they had to find Nakita Jones.

"You looking for me young man?" said a voice so silky that it was dangerous.

"Ah, I find one and I get both. That is excellent. Nevertheless, my question is what are the two of you doing together? I heard that you were in another town," said Dracude.

"I was but I heard that you were going for revenge. How can I be of assistance?"

"I will need you to train me."

"I see is that all? I think that I could be a great help to you in the long run if you allow me to go with you."

"That is exactly what I was thinking."

They went and returned to the task at hand, getting to another village so that Dracude could be trained in combat. This is something that he has refused to do for many years. He never was into killing. Therefore, he always found ways to minimize the fatality rate. Even when he was with Alexander, he never let him kill when he did not have to. Dracude was a sincere man. However, now with what happened to his friend he would allow things to change. When he finds the leader, he will not show any mercy.

As they left, following behind Nakita, they wanted to know what happened to land Alexander in the state that he is in. They traveled all that day. That night they rested and had food and drink. They talked and discussed what course of action that would be needed. When Jacque fell asleep, they agreed to have two lookouts. Nakita and Meier took the first watch. They sat watching the others. Then Meier heard something, something that sounded large.

"Wait here and don't move or say anything. I will be right back." Meier warned.

"What is the matter?" Nakita asked but Meier just shook his head.

Meier then got up and walked out of sight. Nakita, left alone to wonder what he had heard, did not have long to find out. He had returned followed by a rider on horse back. The rider appeared to be carrying something large. When Meier and the rider arrived inside the light of the fire, she noticed that the rider was delivering a nice set of armor.

"Is Dracude around? I need to give him this armor." The rider said.

"He is but right now he is sound as...."

"The only way I could sleep with this entire racket is if I was dead."

"Ah, Dracude, I have brought your armor. I was informed that you have already paid for this exquisite equipment."

"Yes, and thank you very much for this, Nakita before he departs us would you help me put it on?"

She agreed and took nearly twenty minutes. When he looked, he was amazed. He could hardly feel the weight of the armor. He looked back at the rider that brought his armor and told him to let the armorer know that the armor was perfect. The equestrian nodded and set off. Now that Dracude was awake, he told Meier to get some sleep. He and Nakita talked about the kind of training that Dracude would have to go through. They discussed the use of differing kinds of weapons. Dracude wanted something that was light and could be used with ease. He did not want something that would tire him out quickly. She nodded and told him that his best choices would be knives, rapiers, wing knives, katanas, or sabers. He asked about the wing knives. Nakita explained that they are a very tricky weapon to wield, but not impossible. She informed him that they would be in her hometown by evening the next day and that they would start to train after they get there and find lodgings for every one. He told her to get Jacque and for her to get some rest. Once Jacque was with him, he started to discuss what they would be doing.

"Jacque, we will be at Nakita's home town by tomorrow evening. When we get there, I am going to get all of us some place to stay. What I need you to do is gather information for me. I know that you are one of the top ones, behind me, at getting the information needed for a mission. Tell no one the information that you gather but me. I believe that we have a double-crosser in our midst. I will take care of that problem when the time comes, unless they were the one that betrayed Alexander to the wolves then I will kill him before he has a chance to do any more harm."

"Who do you think it is? I know that it is not me. Though I think I know who you are talking about. I will keep an eye out for you. I will do as you have asked. I will help you make plans of attack with what I find out. You can trust me."

Dracude was relieved that Jacque had grasped things so easily. However, he wonders how Jacque gets his information. He supposes it is the same way that he gets his.

When dawn broke, they set off for the town that Nakita is from. As they walked, Dracude started to smell a foul stench. He realized what it was. It was the smell of the wolves. Nakita shook her head said that Meier was already on it. Dracude nodded and just kept walking. He knew that Meier would take care of those that were following them. However, the smell was getting worse by the second. He asked the others if they could smell what he did but they all just shook their heads. He could never understand why he was the only one to be able to smell them luckily though; the armor he was wearing had a mask to take care of the smell. He was grateful that Molly had thought to include the mask. Everyone that he knows knew that he could easily smell things that others could not. He never knew why that was. When he asked no one would tell him. That was fine because he felt that he would not like the answer.

Meier was back and said that there were a few werewolves up ahead about fifteen yards. They were certain that if they were there that it could be a trap. Dracude had them all stop and wait. He went on a head but before he could Nakita made him take her rapier. He said that he would not need it but she said that he should have it on him incase he needed to protect himself. He thanked her then left them to wait.

"Do you think that he will be ok?" Malachi asked.

"Yeah he may be awhile but he will be fine. If that armor was made by Molly then you can believe that it will only help his kind." Meier replied.

"What do you mean 'his kind'?" Jacque asked.

"Everything that I am about to tell you must never get back to him! Have you ever wondered why he could sense things that happen before the rest of us? Or why he can smell things the rest of us can't before it is too late?" asked Meier of Jacque.

"Yeah."

"That is because he is a half vampire. He has no clue. His mother was a vampire. She brought him to us before he was born and requested that only those that went with him on a hunt know. She also requested that he never know until the time is right. I assume that you know that he has always managed to work and live alone. It was a few years ago that the council ordered him to work with Alexander. He was not at all happy about it but did as they said. He would never talk no matter how hard Alexander tried. Then on their third mission, Alexander saved Dracude's life. Since then they have always been teamed together. Dracude has saved his life more times than any one can count. That is why Dracude pleaded the council to let him do this. They knew that Dracude would refuse the help so we were assigned to help him in any way possible. I know that if Dracude had his way he would be doing this alone."

"But why, why do this alone?"

"Because Dracude feels that he is responsible for what happened. He would risk his own life to get the job done. He probably feels that he will not have full concentration if there are others." Meier explained.

Dracude left his team behind. He knew that they would only get in his way. However, why he felt this way he does not know. Then without warning an almighty thirst that he has never experienced before comes over him. He starts to smell the scent of blood. He gets even more worried when he feels two of his teeth lengthen. He takes the rapier out of its scabbard and swings it. He swings so fast that he has it sheathed before he realizes it. Then he sees the tree he is standing next to start to fall in his direction. He moves out of the way, as it falls. His thirst is getting to be more than he can bear. He smells the werewolves getting closer. He removes the mask that he is wearing and goes to his prey. He sees them before they see him. He bares his teeth then attacks. He breaks one neck then the other. With out thinking he bites the neck of the one he just killed and feels his teeth puncture the skin with ease. Then the taste of blood fills his mouth. The taste is one that he is not used to, but he realizes that his thirst is going away. He has drained the one and feels even stronger than before. He stands and goes back to the others. He knows that they will be worried about him. Before he turns back he feels liquid running down the side of his mouth, he pulls the rapier out of its sheath again, looks into the blade, and sees blood covering his whole mouth. Dracude then goes in search of water so that he can clean up. He walks for a little while and finds a pond. He looks into the surface and notices that he has fangs. Then watched, as they grew shorter. Then he plunges his head in the pond and pulls it out again. He looks at his reflection on the water and sees that his face is clean and his teeth are back to normal. After that, he heads back to the others.
