 At sixty-nine, I had reached the age where my health was inevitably going downhill. By most standards I was pretty healthy - I could still cycle fifty plus miles in a day without problems though running was a problem because of a knee injury eight years earlier. After Liz, my partner of over forty years and wife of over thirty died, I moved to somewhere I could keep bees in the back garden, along with chickens and grow as much fruit and veg as I needed to feed myself plus visitors and then some. I also did some major decluttering. My wife had been an occupational therapist and had dealt with some clients who could seriously have done with doing that when my age rather than waiting till their eighties or nineties.

Retirement is a wonderful thing. I was able to sort out all the things I needed to myself in the house, some taking five times as long as they would have taken a professional but I did a good job - eventually. I installed a solar pump for the well. One reason for the cheap price of the house was it being completely off grid apart from telephone and internet.

Strangely enough, six months after moving, I had stopped having twinges in my left knee. I had lost some weight but was a little surprised it made that much difference. The even stranger thing was I had been to the dentist after getting some pain in both my upper and lower jaw. The dentist was as gobsmacked as I felt when he looked at the X-rays. They showed that I was growing a new set of teeth and by the end of the year I had them all. No more gap where I had lost two in a diving accident. My younger sister had trouble believing I hadn't gone for implants.

Two of my friends who shared the issue of male pattern baldness with me asked where I had gone for treatment as mine had almost completely reversed.

"Healthy living and retirement." Was my answer to disbelieving looks.

I didn't know how many years of this lifestyle I would have before I needed to hire a gardener but reasoned that my healthy living style would keep me in good shape better than a sedentary one. The biggest wrench would be when I had to give up cutting the two acre meadow with a scythe. Unless I was able to get someone to hold a course or competition doing it, it would have to be by machine which somehow just isn't the same.

This day however was not about work, my adopted niece was coming over to stay for a couple of days and I had done all the harvesting and a lot of the other food preparation the day before. Indeed the slow roast lamb with a marinade of my own devising had been on for two hours before Mandy arrived.

She had cycled from the station, pannier bags loaded to the gunwales with the temperature over 30C. Needless to say, she was hot and sweaty and asked if she could have a shower. (This after a sticky hug.) Not that I objected. I would take any hugs I could from a hot twenty-five-year-old even if that was all it was.

By the time she came downstairs and into the garden, I had on the table a light meal with lots of home grown salad, home made bread and local cheeses, along with her poison of choice, a g&t with a slice of lime from one of the citrus trees I grew in the conservatory.

"It is just as well my heart is strong." I observed wryly.

"What do you mean?" I exaggeratedly ran my eyes up and down her lean body and the white of her bikini against her dark skin which had the effect of advertising her assets rather than concealing them.

"Oh this? You know I am pretty sure that no one has ever been convicted of bumping off an elderly relative by wearing something to try and keep cool." Now I knew she was deliberately teasing me as she had done with her male peers. Mandy had always been a you can look all you want but can't touch sort of girl but I was impressed by the innocent voice she was able to say it with. Despite my age, I was glad the shorts I was wearing were baggy enough to hide my body's reaction. She looked at me just as I looked at her before asking,

"Do you have a portrait in the attic?"

"No, just all the gubbins for the solar water heating. You want to check?"

"What and break my neck with all the junk you will have hidden up there?"

"No junk. I am a reformed character. I got rid of nearly all it after Liz died." I noticed I didn't feel any pain in saying it. That was perhaps the biggest change of all since I had moved. Mandy looked like she was about to apologise but then realised she didn't need to.

I showed her around the garden including the apiary where we sat for a while doing air traffic control duty with the bees. When it came to the meadow she swore for the first time,

"Fuck! You did all that in one go?" Two days previously I had cut a quarter acre and the hay was gathered in neat lines, ready for me to turn in another two or three days time. I was impressed that she had seen by the age of it that it had all been cut in one go and also that she realised how much work it was.

It being hot we moved back to the table in the shade before too long and Mandy told me,

"You know that the extractor pumping out the aroma from your cooking is against the Geneva Convention?" I looked at her blankly, "Cruel and unusual treatment, making me smell those aromas and then wait so long till supper time."

We laughed together, I remembered as a teenager, she would compete with me to crack jokes that almost everyone needed explaining. I was clearly out of practice or I would have got that one straight away.

Mandy:

I was loving it. My favourite uncle all to myself. Usually there had been a gaggle of us giggling little ones. And he looked hot. I had been abroad and so hadn't seen him for a few years and I could swear he had gotten younger. He could have passed for half his age easily. 

Finally it was time to eat. He was an even better cook than his wife had been and she was pretty damn good. The meat just fell of the bone. The veg and the rice were cooked to perfection and the bottle of red wine we shared just topped it off. This was followed by the decadence of strawberries and cream with his own (well the bees' really) honey drizzled over it. I snuggled up against his hard abs just as I had every time we visited from the age of two, just after I was adopted till I left home. It was late when we finally admitted to ourselves and eachother that we were tired and needed to go to bed. It had been a wonderful day and evening. The sort I would like to have every day if I didn't have to work. I would never tire of it. 

I don't know where it came from but as I lay in bed, I started wondering about my family back in Africa. The family destroyed by a bomb, the family I never knew and yet whose genes I carried. What would they make of my living in a white world, speaking English, having been to university. Would they be proud of me? What would their message to me be. Did they have the powers that I did? How would they have me use them. I giggled as I remembered how I used them as a child and I also remembered the first time there had been a big thunderstorm and I had crawled into bed with my aunt and uncle, holding my head against his chest, knowing he would keep me safe. Did any of the other children who all seemed to love Uncle Dave and Aunty Liz do that? I never knew and despite my being close to them all, never asked. 

My mind drifted back to Africa, hotter even than that summer in Britain. But a dry heat and then when the rains did come, if they came, the drops would bounce a metre or more off the pavement when they hit it, strange, not a memory from my childhood as I was so young when I left but my two years there with VSO before the political situation in my birth country became too dodgy for aid agencies to stay there. A life so much closer to the earth than most in Britain, yet my uncle and aunt had always seemed closer to it than other white people and now Uncle Dave seemed closer still to the earth, growing so much, keeping bees, chickens but he wasn't hard like chicken keepers in Africa, they were his friends and they followed him waiting for the treats he would inevitably give them.

I slept and dreamed, strange dreams of power, power of water air, fire and earth. In my dreams I knew that the water from the well was the source of Dave's youthfulness. Even in my dreams, I giggled and started to draw on that power, moving clouds, moving air and water, nudging them, just a little here and there but enough that by three in the morning, I was awoken from my dreams by bright flashes of lightning and instantaneous cracks of thunder.

Naked I crept from my bed and made my way to my uncle's room and slid into bed next to him. With my head on his chest, I wrapped my arms around him and slept a deep and dreamless sleep from which I awoke full of energy but didn't move waiting for Uncle Dave to waken also. This was different from when I was a child. Then all of us were wearing pyjamas. This was a new closeness, for the first time I knew what it was like to be with him skin to skin.

Dave:

I was dreaming, dreaming of being in bed with Liz, my girlfriend, a dream I had had before, except last time I had it, she was there with me, arms wrapped around me, awake first which was unusual for her. It was before we had made love together and yet our embrace before we slept was full of love. I awoke to the delicious sensation of a wet dream, just as I had all those years ago. The aliveness of the nerve cells in my pulsing penis was far greater than I ever got from masturbating. I must have woken with the first pulse because there were so many and it was only when I opened my eyes that I knew that this was not Liz but Mandy snuggled up tight against me with my semen over both our abdomens.

I should have felt embarrassed beyond measure. Who has wet dreams at almost seventy years of age? The last one before this was when I was eighteen for God's sake! But, somehow I didn't. Somehow I knew that she would feel completely at ease with it.

Mandy:

I felt Dave's hard cock trapped between our abdomens some minutes before he awoke. It felt natural, good, something that should be acknowledged and not hidden away. I was surprised when I felt it pumping out its fluid, punctuated by the cracks of thunder that still echoed across the landscape from the storm I had brought. I gathered up some of the sticky fluid from my belly and tasted it. Knowing there is power in the seed of sleep. Knowing that the next time the white fluid of life would be pumping out from his penis, it would be into my waiting virginal vagina, the seed mingling with my menstrual flow, the blood of a virgin increasing my powers far beyond their present scope. As this knowing flowed through me I realised my uncle was speaking,

"You may have fooled Liz but I always knew that after that first time you brought the storms so you could crawl into our bed."