 Some may think this is crazy, but others know it's not. But Out of Body does happen. And with practice you can go anywhere you want to go and do. I have been doing it for about 4 and half years. And have learned that I can actually touch and feel other persons. This is where my story starts. I had a friend named Donald and his wife Val, they were the ones that taught me how do this. Val was a little kinky and would come to me at night and play tricks on me. Touching me, as I would try and sleep, especially when she found out I slept in the nude. At first I thought that I was going crazy. It felt as if someone was playing with my cock and balls. Then one day Don and Val were over and had a friend, DD with them. We had been drinking and Val had more then she could handle and started talking about going swimming in my private pool. DD said that she had not brought her suit, which Val in turn said that we could all go skinny-dipping. DD said that I looked a bit embarrassed, and Val turned to me and said that I had nothing to be embarrassed about, as she loved playing with my cock. 

Both Don and I looked at her and I asked her when had she seen or played with my cock? She stopped and said that it had been last Friday night. Don and I knew that I had been away last Friday night and did not get back until late Sunday night. DD said she had to go home but would love to go skinny-dipping some other day. So we all got into my car and took DD home. On the way home (Don and Val live next door to me) I asked Val what she had meant when she said she had played with my cock? She said that she had left her body (OBE) to my hotel room and had played with it and had been doing it for about three weeks now. I ask her what was OBE, and she told me that her and Don knew how to leave their bodies and do and go places that they wanted to go. She also told me that she would like to teach me how to do it. That was four and a half years ago. Now I do the same as Don and Val. 

*

Last week three young ladies moved in to the house behind me. The oldest one's name was Shelly and she was 40 years old. She had red hair. The other two girls were Deb and she was 29 and a half and blonde, and Ally was 28 with red hair like her friend Shelly. 

One day as I was on my roof putting up a new Satellite Dish, I saw the three ladies sunbathing in the back yard. Seeing their nice tanned bodies laying there with little or nothing on, I almost fell off my roof. 

That night as I lay in my bed thinking about three ladies that just moved in. As I thought of them I thought I would try out what Don and Val had taught me. I started by doing the steps that they had shown me. And a newfound freedom opened up to me as I felt my body getting lighter and lighter and soon I was floating above my own body looking down at it. So then I started on my way over to the house behind mine. The first room I went to was Shelly's bedroom and she had just went into her bathroom as she was undressing to take her shower. I watched her take off her t-shirt and then her blue jeans, standing there looking at herself in the mirror. Then she unhooked her bra and then her nice full breasts came into view. Then she started to remove her panties and I could see that she had a nice trimmed Red Gold patch. I got a nice view as she bent over to remove them off her lovely ass. I watched as she soaped and washed h her body and towel off and then went to bed in the nude. 

The next room was Deb's; she was laying in her bed nude as well a d reading a book for her college classes. So I went on to find Ally's room. AS I went into her room I heard some soft moans and a vibrator going on. She was lying with her legs wide apart and was rubbing her clit with her dildo with one hand and rubbing her nipples with the other hand. She was talking to herself as if someone was there helping her. Telling them to rub faster and hard on her tits and to move the cock in her pussy faster and harder. At first I was spellbound then I tired to rub her breast, she stopped and opened her eyes to see if someone had come in on her and was rubbing her tits. I kept rubbing them and soon she was back in her dreams. As she began to talk about her dream lover I did all that she was telling him to do. I began to rub her clit and then I would put 2 fingers into her pussy. Getting braver I moved over her and slowly began making her feel my hard cock rub her pussy. She began to hump up into the air as if to get it deep into her. Her eyes where opened looking into her mirror. I looked to see what she was looking at and saw the vibrator as she was humping the air and called out to put the cock deeper into her. 

As I made her feel my cock go into her, she began to hump hard and faster until I felt her body go ridged as the orgasm hit her and it rolled over her consuming her totally. I watched as she rolled over and went off into a deep sleep. When I got back to my body I fell asleep and had the loveliest dreams I have ever had. This began a nightly trip to their home every night. I made love to all three of these lovely ladies. 

This is a New World to travel and a lot of nice young ladies out there for me to see and feel and make love too. So ladies some night as you are lying in bed and feel that someone is touching you and you don't see anyone it just might be me coming to give you some sweet loving.