 This is a story of a couple using a futuristic little device in the bedroom, to great effect. Unfortunately I've had a problem choosing tags for the story, but it involves two partners sharing each other much more deeply than they ever have before. Enjoy!

======================

"Come here you" Tiffany whispered slyly from the other side of the couch. "I have a little surprise for you."

She winked at me but before I could scoot over and ran off giggling to the bedroom. We've been together for six years now, so I've got a pretty good idea of what she wants. I ran after her.

Arriving at our bedroom I was pleasantly surprised to find it dark, with our automatic windows frosted over and the lamps throwing off a subtly red mood lighting. Sitting on the bed was Tiffany wearing only a lacy red and black bra, panties, and a cute little red choker necklace with a small white pendant hanging from it. She looked up at me and smiled coyly.

"You came quick. I hope that's not a hint of things to come!"

I didn't respond, opting instead to climb on the bed and in a single smooth action push her onto her back. I leaned down and started kissing her passionately. We'd been in a bit of a rut in the bedroom for the past couple months, but I was hoping that her eagerness was a sign we might be getting over it.

She returned the kiss and let off a subtle sigh as I settled my frame above her, supporting myself with my left arm while I caressed the side of her face wth my right. Her hand rose up, brushing my side as it went and settled in my hair, holding me in the kiss. Slowly her hand started to rub down my head and onto my neck and shoulders. Her moaning increased in intensity.

Then with a quick motion I felt her left hand come up to my neck. Her fingers moved rapidly, as I felt a band tighten around my neck and heard the soft click of a clasp taking hold.

I interrupted the kissing and felt what she had put on me. It appeared to be some kind of choker, with something hanging from the front.

"What's this?" I asked, confused.

"Just a little something I got for you" she replied hotly, "I think you look really hot in it."

We resumed our kissing, and I quickly forgot about the necklace. Whatever she likes I figured, this was already the best sex we'd had in months and we had barely even started!

Our romancing progressed slowly, both of us taking our time. She rid me of my shirt, and I her bra. I placed my knee between her legs and felt her grinding against me as I slowly kissed my way down her neck, chest, and belly. Making sure to spend extra time toying with her nipples until they stood erect.

Just as I was getting below her waistline she pushed me onto my back and leapt towards my crotch, unzipping my pants and pulling them off in a single swift movement. She grabbed my dick which already stood at attention and began rubbing it slowly with one hand, while the other reached conspicuously down between her own legs.

I closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling as she slowly stroked me. "I want to be inside you now baby."

She didn't need any convincing. Straddling me she slowly lowered herself down onto me, pulling her panties aside to give me access. Just as I felt my tip align with her she reached towards my neck with her left hand and thumbed the pendant hanging from my choker.

That's when our worlds changed forever.

Immediately it tightened and warmed up slightly, but not unpleasantly. I almost managed to ask her what it was doing before she pushed herself down on top of me and my breath was taken away as I felt myself enter her.

We moaned in unison and I was overcome by the feeling. I- I could feel both of our bodies!

I could feel my lightly muscled form under her slender fingers, my hair scratchy but not unpleasant. I could feel her blonde locks cascading down her back. I could feel her erect nipples and the arousal she derived from it. I could feel the lacy panties lightly gripping her buttocks, and I could feel myself pushing them aside and my tip as I slowly entered her.

I looked up at her breathlessly and met her gaze. I knew immediately that she could feel my body as well. She could feel her small form on top of me. Her silky smooth thighs under my hands, and her tightness around my member.

Slowly she continued lowering herself onto me, which I was powerless to resist as my brain tried to understand the simultaneous feeling of entering her, and of her being entered. I could distinctly feel every single movement we made. Every single pulse, twitch or squeeze of a muscle lit up my senses like a firework. My awareness had shrunken down to only the areas where our bodies touched, my body being unable to make sense of the two bodies I was now feeling.

Slowly she began moving up and down on top of me and my awareness shrunk once more until I knew only of the place we were joined. I cannot remember if my eyes were open or closed - I knew only the ecstasy that was our bond at that moment and the motion of our bodies as we rocked as one on the bed.

I could feel waves of pleasure rolling out from her, as if the air had become warm water as smooth as oil as it rolled over the two of us. Every thrust into her set off a chain reaction. I understood intuitively the pace at which her body wanted to move, and the increasingly strong sensation that arose from her as our bodies instinctively began moving in sync.

I could feel not only that she was she wet, causing me to move smoothly in and out of her, but that I was rigidly hard. With every thrust it felt as if I pushed a button deep insight of her that brought moans of happiness and pleasure to both of our lips. 

At some point I instinctively reached up to her breast and began toying with her nipple, almost losing my rhythm as an explosion of sensation once more took my breath away. But we didn't stop, we sped up. This time with both my hand on her nipples, and both of hers on mine.

The fire growing between us grew quickly then, an animalistic urge that came from both of our bodies, mingled together, and returned a thousand times stronger than either of us had ever felt it. I knew that I couldn't hope to last much longer. Fortunately, I knew that neither could she.

With a great final thrust I felt myself explode into her and felt the simultaneous sensation of her orgasm. It was unbelievable, as if a dam of sensation had been slowly filling it's reservoir and had suddenly burst, releasing tidal waves of pleasure that were so intense they threatened to whisk us both off into unconsciousness. 

Our backs arced and I felt even more of my hot spunk shooting deep inside of her, the waves of it coinciding with the waves of the pleasure it provided her. I was amazed at how much she could feel. I knew then as she clenched on top of me and forced my own orgasm to last slightly longer.

Then she collapsed on top of me, and we both struggled to catch our breaths. Our bodies felt strange to me then. A nearly indescribable sensation. Not as if we'd been electrified, but rather as if we had experienced pure energy and were now drained of it. Our limbs and extremities tingled, feeling both prickly and infinitely far away. Yet despite the intensity of the reaction of our bodies to what had just happened my attention remained firmly fixed on each place where we touched.

I was hyper aware of every movement. Her toes as she curled them in the aftermath of our lovemaking, my hands as I slowly rubbed her back, and my firm chest where she rested her head. I felt myself pulse inside her and we both gasped sharply as she responded by squeezing me tightly.

We lay there for what seemed like hours as we explored the feeling of each others bodies. Both uniquely able to feel each of our bodies independently, and then together at once. We did so until I felt an odd sensation of something dribbling down her inner thigh, and then a quick gasp as she felt it as well and realized that so could I.

She looked up and blushed briefly as the cum continued down her thigh, then moved as if to get off of me. Quickly, I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight up against me, preventing her from moving.

"That... That was... Incredible!" I uttered, honestly. She nodded in reply. "I don't think I have ever felt so at peace with you. I don't think that I've ever understood you so well. Look at me, please, and promise me you aren't embarrassed by anything! We just shared something so unspeakably incredible, you don't need to feel any shame for those little details now."

She smiled at me kindly, silently thanking me. "I know" she said. "I feel so happy right now, but why don't you let me clean myself up?"

I nodded and she slowly lifted herself off of me, letting my member fall down, causing a small explosion of feeling. We both froze as the sensations from our respective bodies died off. She then reached up for my necklace, making eye contact with me as she thumbed the device and with a regretful look, turned it off.

It felt like I had lost a part of myself. Suddenly I could feel only my own body, with every sensation reaching no farther than my own skin. I could see the sadness in her eyes as well as she looked down, then slowly got off of me and went to clean herself up.

I lay there alone then, considering what had just happened. Already it felt so real, but still so much like a dream. I quietly mourned the now exceedingly obvious loss of the connection we had shared.

She returned after a couple minutes and laid wordlessly next to me. We held each other a long time then, now for the first time fully aware of each other. Later she explained to me how the device acted as both a transmitter and receiver for our nerves, which is why it had to be around our necks. The device read the sensations from our respective bodies, and added those feelings to what our nerves reported back to our brains. She also described how each device could be set to send and receive, record, and even fully block out your own body so that you only felt what the other person felt!

One thing was certain, this wouldn't be the last time we used this magical device. Both of our curiosities burned by far too deeply not to fully explore the capabilities of it.