 Disclaimer: Characters, settings, names from this story are creations of my own creative and inventive mind.

*****

Prologue

In a dystopian future on Earth. Humanity's numbers have dwindled down from ten billion to only one hundred million worldwide. War. Disease. Famine and the pollution and corruption of the land, sea and air were the main contributors to the reduction of the population of the once most dominant and apex species on the planet. But after an era of peace and cooperation was about to begin. Terrible news struck the surviving numbers of humanity. Human reproduction was failing all over the world. Unable to reproduce to create a new generation of humans. The natural method no longer worked. Even invitro fertilization failed. The sperm were alive and so were the eggs, yet the sperm cell would not fertilize the egg even when injected into it. Humanity as a species would inevitably come to an end one day. It seemed that judgment day had finally arrived the human race at last. Now it would pay for all of its crimes and sin. But when everything looked bleak. When things seemed hopelessly grim. Flying saucers started to land in the areas where the last remaining pockets of humans had centralized at.

This alien visitation was not by coincidence as humans thought. The alien visitors, were in fact on earth because they had been monitoring the human race the entire time and decided that this visitation was finally needed. The alien race that greeted humanity were known as "The Mariners." These mariners resembled the "Grays" of recorded abduction cases from the distant past. Yet they were taller and more fitter than the weak looking, scrawny big headed grays based on collected reports. They looked like humans, in appearance, build and more but with slight differences. The males and females shared a few similar physical features. Complete baldness. No visible hair on their bodies. They shared the same large slanted eyes. No visible ears on the sides of their heads, but could still hear through some other means. They had four fingers on their hands and feet. And they had small noses with small nostrils. The males were tall. Standing up to six feet tall. The shortest stood only at five feet and were known as "strange" among their own sex. The heights of the female mariners ranged from four to five feet tall. Five being the tallest.

The mariners were a race of multicolored humanoids also. Some ranging from Blue to yellow. Orange to green. Pink to red. Black to pale white. Others had spots. Some had stripes. And few even had marks akin to geometric shapes on their bodies that were akin to birth marks. The males and females could always be distinguished in other ways besides looking for the obvious. Males all had dark colored irises. While females had light colored irises. An example for male colored irises were dark gray eyes. Black. Navy blue. Red. Dark purples. While the females had pink. Lavender. Light blues. Amber and light greens. 

The mariners are a part of a confederation of planets that oversaw development of planets throughout the milky way galaxy and four other nearby galaxies. What made the mariners special was not their kind and caring nature or seemingly unshakable benevolence. But it was what both the males and females were capable of. The mariners were dispatched to planets with dying races. Or in other words. To races that were no longer able to reproduce with one another. Because of the males sperm and females eggs were "Universal" reproductive cells throughout the known universe, that meant that they could each reproduce with any humanoid species in the universe; which always resulted in a perfect hybrid offspring. However, the first child between a mariner and a different humanoid species, always resembled their mariner parent by up to 80 to 90 percent. Leaving the last remaining percent resembling its non-mariner parent. However, every other child to come after the first could be split evenly in resemblance to each parent. Every birth was an unknown due in part to which parent the child would resemble, but that was the exciting part.

However, this was not the only thing that made them special and prized throughout their quadrant of the universe. The female mariners reproductive abilities went one step further than just bearing and birthing a child from the seed of a different species. Firstly, Females chose when and what time they could get pregnant after having sex with a human male or any humanoid male. That meant any semen inside of her not being used, was absorbed and stored in specific organ. Secondly, their bodies could also be used as a sort of 'toxic filter' that could remove all of the genetic damage from sperm cells and semen that they stored in a prostate like organ already existing within them. Thirdly, If a human female desired to have a full human child. The female mariner could shape shift a penis from her clitoris, and a single vas deferens to connect to the prostate like organ to ejaculate the stored semen and sperm. This method was also known as the "Succubus-Incubus method." The resulting child born through this method will look, act and even think like a regular human. But they are not truly fully human. This new generation of humans were known as "New Humans" who inherited mental abilities from their surrogate fathers aka, the female mariners. Sometimes these new humans will bear a birth mark that is the same color of their surrogate father's skin. Sometimes an entire hand will be that of a mariner's. Sometimes a foot. And sometimes they might have stripes or spots somewhere on their body. The marks and signs of their alien heritage varied from new human to new human.

Pregnancies for female mariners impregnated by their human husbands were short, lasting only two months. Hybrids born to a mariner mother and human father aged rapidly shortly after childbirth. In five years, a hybrid was already the equivalent age of twenty earth years. But from that point on, aging slowed down drastically for them. Human mothers that were impregnated by their male mariner husbands, found that their pregnancy times were cut shorter compared to their original pregnancy times. From the original nine months, down to only five months. Hybrids born to human mothers and mariner fathers aged half as slowly compared to those born of the first mixed parentage. But each hybrid, despite who was the birth mother or father, lived long, roughly three hundred years. Three hundred for the possible one hundred years humans could live. And two hundred, for the regular lifespan of the mariner species. 

And so after the first decade. Humans and mariners paired up, married and fell in love. And had children together, lots of children. The mariners and the surviving human population agreed to co-exist in peace and work to take care of the planet and put an end to needless and fruitless endeavors like war and conquest. Pollution of the planet and abuse of the rights of fellow human beings.