 Stunned and terrified, Nancy ran to the door. It was locked. She knew the windows were also locked since the furnace had been on for the past month. Her nipples hurt, and the size and weight of the gems was obvious through her clothing. She was terrified. 

"Alice? Hey ... Are you busy?" Nancy called her good friend. She needed some consolation, or companionship, or something.

"No, as it happens. I just finished the dishes and was about to settle down to watch a movie. Want to come over?"

"May I?"

"Sure. You alright?"

"Um, well, not exactly, but ... I can explain when I get there. Give me 15 minutes."

"See you then!" Alice hung up the phone and tried to imagine what was going on. Her friend seemed so distant. She fussed about the cozy condo, fluffing pillows, and she opened a bottle of wine. She made some popcorn to share, too. Then, she just waited.

Nancy arrived and made herself comfortable in her friend's home, but she had an oversized sweatshirt on, which, alone was unusual. Alice offered Nancy some wine and popcorn then sat patiently waiting for her friend to spill whatever it was that was bothering her.

Nancy started with the usual small talk. Alice tried to be patient.

"So, what's going on, girlfriend?" Alice finally burst.

Nancy tried to explain, but started to cry. She removed the sweatshirt, and Alice could see the bulges through the shirt.

"Oh my god! What did you do?"

"NOTHING! I did nothing! I came home from work and fell asleep. When I woke up ... these!" She choked on her sniffles.

"Oh my! You're nuts, girlfriend! What's the REAL story? How could that happen without your knowing it?" 

Nancy just looked at her friend. "Whoever did this was in my home. I fell asleep in my chair beside the fireplace, but it was lit when I awoke. I didn't light it, but all the windows and doors were locked. If I call the police, they'll just think I'm nuts."

"That is a pretty far fetched story. Did you see any footprints or ... anything that might help figure out what's going on here?"

"No." she said abruptly, "but ... I did have a pretty wild dream, now that I think of it."

"OK. Well, that's a start. Tell me about the dream. Anything you can remember." Alice got a notebook and pencil. "I'm going to write down everything you say, ok? Maybe it will begin to make sense."

"OK ... I came home from work, kicked off my shoes, poured a glass of wine, and sat down to clear my head. Brent and Cal were horrible last week. Sometimes I wonder why I put up with the trash, you know?" 

"It's everywhere, that's why! We think we've come so far from being dragged around by our hair. HAH!" Alice replied.

"OK ... well, anyway ... I put my head back, took a few deep breaths along with a few sips of the wine, and tried to put the week out of mind. I guess I dozed off, though."

"What makes you think you dozed off?"

"I must have ... Oh yeah ... I remember I was in a box of some kind or ... a cage? It had bars. It was very, very dark. I had to pee, so I called out for a long time. Not sure how long. Finally two men came, only they were huge men, dressed all in furs and leather. They were really hairy, too, I remember." She stopped as she remembered her nakedness and decided not to mention it. "The two men led me through long halls and up and down long stairways to some sort of open meeting place. There were hundreds of similar looking men gathered around a huge bonfire. Women fed the men and danced ... That's about all I remember," she lied. 

"Hm. I'm guessing this was your dream."

"Yeah! Strange, huh?"

"Well ... yes, but ... I'm sure there was more to it that you are either unable or unwilling to tell ... and that's OK!"

"Do you remember how your, um, decorations came to be?"

Shyly, "Yeah, I think so." She paused. "But it was a dream? Wasn't it? Ohhhhhhhh!" 

"Nancy, maybe it wasn't. What are you going to do? Whoever did this might return." 

"I wish you hadn't said that, but ... I was thinking the same thing."

"Why don't you stay here tonight, and maybe we can decide on a course of action tomorrow."

"OK, great. Thanks." She sipped her wine and relaxed a bit. "Alice?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks, really!"

"No problem!" Alice brought out some linens and laid them on the sofa bed. The rest of the evening was quiet but for casual chat among good friends. They talked about work, about family, and watched a funny movie that relaxed them both and made them laugh. They drank too much wine, and enjoyed it. 

Alice got up, went to the bathroom, and prepared for bed while Nancy put the linens on the sofa bed and stripped to her panties. For the first time, Alice actually saw the beautiful gems that hung from her friend's breasts. 

"WOW! Those are ... ummm, big stones!"

"Probably not real, though, but they sure are heavy."

"I can imagine. Do they hurt?" she asked as she looked more closely. " Let me get you a T-shirt to sleep in."

"Only a little, but ... What am I going to do with them?" She whimpered a bit as Alice returned with the T-shirt. "Great! Thanks. See you in the morning."

They slept. 

She felt a rough hand shaking her and heard some sort of grunting. 

"Enifut y Num! Sil!" He towered over her as her eyes opened in uncertainty. She startled as the reality settled in. It was the now familiar large man who had selected her at the gathering the evening before. He was not altogether unpleasant in appearance, though rough and unshaven and extraordinarily large and muscular. He reminded her of photos of ancient warriors often barbaric in nature and appearance. He had a kind of woodsy aroma about him, though he appeared to be clean. He lit a lamp, then returned to her. "Enifut y num!" He expected her to understand, and she did not.

She sat up on her knees, realizing suddenly that she was again unclad, but somehow it was not startling to her. His hands cupped her sore breasts, but his touch was remarkably tender. Was that a smile on his face? She smiled back. He lifted one of the gems as if to examine it. She winced when he let it fall back into place. He shoved her knees apart with his foot, and for the first time, she felt his eyes inspecting her body. She felt very self-conscious, and she was certain her face had flushed.

After a few minutes, he left the hut and Nancy was left alone. It wasn't for long. The woman who had groomed her the evening before returned. She also was nude but for the large purple gems affixed to her nipples and a thin purple cord that circled her middle loosely suspended on her mature hips. The gems in Nancy's nipples were a deep red. She wondered if there was some significance to the color. "Slowly and softly, the woman began to speak. "Ha-lo. Kan I speech u? Ang-lash I no sum.

Nancy struggled, but finally began to make some sense of the woman's mumblings. 

"Kesh ny sur" she said as she pointed to herself. Nancy repeated it. This went back and forth a couple times before it dawned on Nancy it was a name. 

"Kesh ny sur," she paused. "Naa - ncy," she said likewise pointing to herself, but the women shook her head. 

"Slu y num" she said pointing to Nancy. "Enifut y num" she said and pointed toward the door. It was starting to fit together. Kesh ny sur began to brush Nancy's long blonde hair. She spoke slowly which made some of it understandable.

"Enifut y num bi u. u vemail to Enifut y num. U srv im. Enifut y num gud"

Slu y num's ( Nancy's) head swirled at what she was hearing, or what she thought she was hearing. She was so confused. It was only then that Slu y num began to hear a commotion outside. Once again music, or at least drums were heard to pound a contagious rhythm. Kesh ny sur took her hands, lifted her to a standing position and began to dance a slow dance that reminded Slu y num of an ethnic folk dance she had once learned. Amazingly, Slu y num learned the simple steps quickly. Two other women gracefully darted into the hut. One placed a necklace of small red gems about her neck that matched her nipple gems. The other woman poured a scented oil over her body while the first rubbed it into her skin. It was a divine aroma, a mixture of florals, spices and herbs that made her head swim. Slu y num wondered if that was it's purpose.

Finally, Kesh ny sur opened the door, and the two women led Slu y num out of the dome. As she appeared in the doorway, the great throng that she remembered from the night before greeted her with an earth trembling cheer. It was then, in the daylight, that she saw the size of the tribe gathered. The two warriors that held her the previous night when Enifut y num chose her came forward again, one on each side, and the women scurried out of sight. The two giants led her to the camp tabernacle where the night before she had been claimed. The crowd today seemed equally celebratory. 

The men all seemed to be valiant warriors, mostly dressed in leather and fur, and each held a huge wooden spear, the dull end of which was pushed into the soft earth. The women were nude but for their various jeweled adornments and completely unashamed. Many of the women proudly and elegantly rode the shoulders of their manfolk, their arms carefully held wrist to elbow. In the daylight, she could see their smiling faces, as some of the women mingled among the men with refreshments of various sorts. 

Slu y num was now led up onto a platform in the center of the tabernacle, her soft pink skin glistening with the fragrant oil. A giant warrior on either side, to her incredible embarrassment, lifted her forward over a 5 foot high wooden rack of some kind where her wrists were gently bound. The crowd grew still in anticipation, and Nancy felt her helpless nakedness. 

The music began to play softly but somehow wildly, and its energy mixed with the exotically intoxicating aroma of the oil made her head and body buzz with excitement, but she was bound in a vulnerable position, suspended, her arms stretched forward by leather straps so that her body was fully exposed, and her bejeweled breasts dangled gracefully in the light of the campfire. Her ankles and knees also were strapped to the legs of the rack slightly off the ground. She felt captured, exposed, and vulnerable.

She heard the crowd respond as Enifut y num came through their number. A stillness grew as if in preparation for a momentous event. He walked to the front, faced the crowd and spoke a few words. She wished she could understand his words, but their tone was kind and authoritative. He walked around her, stopped momentarily by her face, looked deeply into her eyes, then continued to walk around her till he came up behind her and stroked her haunches tenderly. She involuntarily squirmed at his touch on her soft skin. The crowd held its collective breath. He spoke softly to her and stroked skillfully between her soft, parted thighs. She wished she could know what he said. Then swiftly, He opened his leather pants, and pushed his swollen member powerfully into her. Tears streaked her face as the length of him disappeared into her moist opening. The crowd watched in stillness waiting ... He stood still for just a moment, then gave three huge, ceremonial thrusts, with measured pauses between. With each thrust, she cried out as he stretched her tight opening to receive more of him. After the third push, he stopped. His hands again caressed her awakening body, and the two men that stood with him toyed with her dangling gems as he remained buried deep within her. He gripped her tightly and pulled her mercilessly back against him, and it was clear at this point that her body was responding in distinctly feminine ways.

She was overwhelmed in so many ways. His size was immense, and she was certain he would tear her, and still ... as he filled her so fully, as he overpowered her physically and emotionally ... as his tender touch continued to comfort her, her body began to quake. She was certain no man had ever filled her so completely and stirred her so deeply and yet ... she somehow yearned for more. Her body struggled against the bounds as she tried to push against him in vain, to open herself even more and cooperate with his thrusts. He gave one last powerful thrust and she shouted his name. She cried out under the spell of the pained pleasure that washed over her, visibly shaking as he buried himself thoroughly into her so that the crowd erupted in jubilant shouts. Enifut y num stood proudly as his woman displayed her feminine heat as he continued to stir her as he deposited his seed in measured spurts ... Her shuddering, shivering, and earthquakes seemed to last for hours, his hardness amazingly maintained inside her. In reality, the Coupling Ceremony lasted the usual 94 minutes by earth time, but Nancy did not learn this until much later. She was uncertain how many waves of passion and desire erupted within her and shook her body and soul during that time, but she was fully aware that she had never been in this place before and particularly in front of spectators and it had a puzzling affect.

To close the ceremony, Enifut y num removed himself, walked around to face her, and knelt in front of her. Still bound and helpless before him, Enifut y num took her dangling nipple gems into his hands, kissed each one, then spoke again softly to her. He bowed and placed his spear, handed to him by one of his attendants, before her. His two attendants released her, and helped her as she struggled to stand with him. She was no longer Nancy, but was now and for always Slu y num, the owned woman of Enifut y num. 

It was a standard ceremony, she later learned, and the words he spoke were his promise to her. "All of me belongs to you, even as all of you belongs to me henceforth and forevermore." 

Quickly, Enifut y num picked up his woman and carried her off into the forest. It would be at least till the new moon till anyone saw them again. This was the ancient tradition that served this people well.