 Author's Note: So just a little heads up to readers of this story, I have edited chapters 1-3 due to an anonymous reviewer who said there were a lot of fragment sentences in them. I have read through all of them carefully and fixed all of the issues that were pointed out in them. I'm just waiting for the site to replace my original chapters with the new edited ones. With that out of the way, I present you all with part or rather, chapter 4.

*****

Chapter 4: Lionesses on The Prowl

11, September 5018, 8:30 PM

Lincoln, Nebraska

Lincoln High School

Exiting her car after parking it in the parking lot, Shayna made sure her car door was locked. After checking and making sure that it was locked, she hurried around to the front of the school to head inside where principal Brown was waiting for her. Ms. Brown kept her arms crossed under large breasts as she stared back at Shayna. The principal and Shayna crossed sights with one another for a moment, as Shayna neared the entrance of the school. Ms. Brown smiled devilishly and told her, "You're very lucky Mrs. Castillo, another thirty minutes later, and you would have had to explain yourself again to me."

Shayna looked away and ran up the steps, skipping past the principal on her ascent. Shayna ran down the hall and made her way inside of the teachers lounge. Waiting for her on the other side of the teachers lounge though, was a new human teacher, who was seated at the table in the center of the room. The teacher was a redhead who kept her hair in a feathered hairstyle, wore black framed glasses, a a dark green skirt and suit jacket. She looked like a mixture between a nerd and a model, a nerdy model. The new teacher glanced over at Shayna, blushing and smiling at the same time. She stood up out of her seat and walked over to introduce herself to Shayna.

"Hello there, you must be Ms. Castillo the teacher of three subjects, who I heard so much about. My name is Morna Young and it's a pleasure to meet you" Morna said, extending her opened hand to Shayna to shake.

Shayna grabbed and shook Morna's hand and introduced herself to the new teacher. Morna stared down at Shayna's hands and noticed that she did not notice a wedding ring anywhere on her fingers, and questioned whether she was married. "Are you married Ms. Castillo? I'm sorry, that must sound like a silly question. Clearly you must be if you have a human first and last name. Might you be divorced?"

Shayna stared back at her hands and with shock in her eyes, saw that she didn't have her wedding ring on today. Thinking back, Shayna remembered that she left her home earlier than usual this morning and must have forgotten to place her wedding ring back on after showering with Nicholas, like she did everyday. Now Shayna didn't know what to say or how to feel, She's never gone an entire day without her wedding ring on her. 

"Uuhhh..." Shayna uttered confusingly, unsure of how to answer.

"I get it Ms. Castillo, you don't want to talk about it. Don't worry I won't press you for further details. Changing the subject, I had the honor of meeting the principal and she's quite the character."

Shayna leaned forward to whisper beside Morna's ear, "If you're even late to work one time, you'll get to know who the principal really is and what she's about."

"What? You mean she'll make me munch on her carpet?" Morna said indifferently, surprising Shayna by hos casual she was with the fact.

"Frankly Ms. Castillo I don't care, because I'm a lesbian, always have been, which for me means just the thought of other human or mariner pussies, gets mine wet. Though I wasn't always a lesbian if you could believe that. I lost my virginity to a male mariner when I was still finding myself back in college, and yes I was a virgin right up to six years ago. We thought It would work, but it never did, Or rather, I didn't want to make it work; fella sure was a great fuck though."

"Oh, Okay, I see. Excuse me while I go make myself some coffee." Shayna said nervously. 

Shayna made her way over to the coffee making machine, to make herself some coffee. Morna turned and stared at Shayna's ass cheeks rise and fall in synch with each step she took forward. Feeling a rush of confidence and excitement coursing through her, Morna crept slowly towards Shayna. Like a lioness stalking its prey through the long grass in the African savanna, Its prey, being none the wiser, stupidly kept its back turned to her the whole time. Before it could react to the dangerous predator's presence, It was already too late. Morna pressed her body and breasts slowly against Shayna's back, which Shayna could feel Morna's erect nipples softly graze her back. Morna's arms slid around to the front of Shayna's waist, pressing her groin firmly against Shayna's round supple ass that beckoned to the red head to take it and worship it. 

Shayna turned around sharply and shoved Morna off to the side and told her, "I'm not like that!" Shayna told the red head. 

"You say that, but I bet it made you wet, didn't it, the thought of us having sex excites you don't it?" Morna teased Shayna.

"I have to get my class now. I don't want anything to do with you anymore Ms. Young, do you hear me?" Shayna warned her.

**Teacher's Lounge**

When the first half of her classes came and went, Shayna made her way back to to the teacher's lounge to eat her lunch. She was the only teacher sitting by herself at the small table in the center of the room. Most teachers ate their own lunch in the last classrooms they taught in before the lunch period began. Shayna brought some food she had made last night, and saved it for today, which were basically leftovers. Eating in peace for the time being, Shayna's mind went to the amazing sex she and her husband had last night. She and her husband had intense moments of passion and lust in their private trysts, but last night was an experience unlike any other before in her life. She rubbed her flat belly and pouted when she realized it wasn't swollen with her husband cum like it was last night. Then the thought of when she, Ramona and Janet were locked in a daisy chain and the amazing fisting that ended a wonderful night started flooding her mind. Shayna rubbed her thighs together, getting wet thinking about it all over again. 

Passing by the classroom window, Morna Young spotted Shayna and stepped inside. Shayna opened her eyes that were closed from concentrating on the events of last night, and noticed Morna coming over, "Listen, what did I tell you-" Shayna started.

"I know, I know," Morna said, cutting Shayna off mid sentence, "You don't want anything to do with me anymore. Listen, let me apologize. I shouldn't have done what I did in here to you, hours ago. I'm sorry. I just got out of a bad relationship, and wanted to see if Mrs. Right was out there for me. Mind if we talk for a little bit? Or if you'd like i can talk and you can just listen to me." 

Shayna sat back on her seat and crossed her arms over her large chest. Morna wasted no time and went on and on, talking about her past dates. Her past lovers, her desire to marry a woman, human or mariner, yet still have the option of an open marriage. Her thoughts on having children were fifty-fifty at best. There were times Morna thought about having at least one child, And then there were days where she didn't want any children and instead only wanted a childless marriage with her beloved. Shayna continued to eat her lunch and listened to Morna at the same time, nodding weakly from time or giving a halfhearted smile or forced chuckle at some of Morna's not so funny jokes that either went over her head or fell flat.

"But in all seriousness, Shayna. Are you single?" Morna asked her.

"Why do you insist on wanting to want to know so badly?" Shayna replied. 

"I mean it's alright if you're dating someone right now. I just find you really beautiful, and you're so attractive. Your body is just drop dead sexy, a thing of pure sin"

"Thank you for those compliments, Ms. Young, but we mariners, as a species, are supposed to look pleasing to whatever species we couple with. True love comes when you can look past those initial attractions we give off, only then will you find what's really beautiful."

Morna grinned at herself and stood up from the seat she was sitting on, and moved closer to Shayna. She walked around behind her seat and placed her hands gently down on her shoulders which she slowly rubbed and massaged seductively. 

"Ms. Young please stop before I report you" Shayna warned the feisty, giggling red head behind her.

"Oh you won't be reporting anyone today, Ms. Castillo" broke the principal's voice, who came walking inside of the teacher's lounge. 

"Oh dear god no!" Shayna cried out in her head, "There's no way I can contact Nicholas now, not with both of them here"

The principal walked over to Shayna, telling Morna, "give me some space so I can talk to Shayna in private for a moment." Morna walked over to the couch where she took a seat on it. The principal leaned in and whispered into the side of Shayna's head, "I lied to Ms. Young about you, Shayna. She believes you were once married but got divorced because you were secretly a lesbian, and that's why you left your husband, and that you only kept the name because you still love this man. She really wants to date you, but first she would like to have you, as would I. Now if you don't want this lie to get out to your-"

"Okay! I understand Ms. Brown" Shayna answered, sighing frustratingly.

"Good. Morna, make sure that door is locked. Morna jumped up from the couch excitedly and went over to lock the door. The teacher's lounge had no window on it like most doors in the school did, so there would be no way to look inside of it.

"Ms. Castillo, please take a seat on the couch" The principal told Shayna, who obeyed without question.

Both the principal and Morna sat beside Shayna on the couch, where both women began to run their hands on top of Shayna's soft grey exposed thighs. They grabbed and massaged her large breasts over Shayna's shirt, while both of them kissed her along the both sides of her neck and licked the sides of her face. The principal was more forceful, grabbing Shayna by the tip of her pointed chin and turned her to face her so she could kiss her. The principal's tongue and Shayna's danced with each other, and explored each other's mouth. Shayna's longer and sleeker tongue coiled around the principal's, which earned Shayna a surprised look from her. Not to be outdone by the principal lust, Morna unbuttoned her own suit jacket and removed her blouse, leaving only her dark green bra and panties on. With both of her hands, Morna pulled apart and snapped both Shayna's suit jacket and blouse buttons open, revealing a large black 40dd bra keeping her large grey breasts nestled behind them.

"God Damn!" Morna blurted out at seeing the true size of Shayna's alien breasts. She threw Shayna's jacket and blouse off to the side on the floor, as she pulled Shayna's bra over her breasts, arms and head and threw it on of the pile along with her other clothes. Leaning in forward from the side, Morna clamped her lips and teeth around the large dark grey areola and erect nipple, and suckled them deeply and rough.

"Oh Fuck!" Shayna let out, pulling her tongue out of the principal's mouth. 

"Mmm, this has been a long time coming Shayna. God look at these fat alien knockers, God, can you even produce milk in these puppies?" The principal asked, massaging one of Shayna's breasts.

"Ye—N-No! Why would I?" Shayna stammered. 

"Yeah your right, that's a human female ability anyway. Heh heh heh, but God just look at the size of just one of these bad bitches. Round, soft and warm to the touch, and this nipple; Fuck! Morna I'm joining you" the principal told Morna, hungrily. Like Morna across from her, the principal leaned in from the side over Shayna's chest and clamped her lips and teeth around Shayna's other breast and suckled rough and deep. 

"Oh Nic—God! Huh! Huh! Huh! Oh my...Aauuhhhh!!..." Shayna moaned and panted.

The principal and Morna suckled hard and pulled away hard on the nipples in their mouths, they also gripped Shayna's breasts with both of their hands, and squeezed the areolas and nipples outward so more of Shayna's tits would go into their mouths. Morna's tongue licked all around Shayna's nipple and areola, as Ms. Brown pulled on Shayna's nipple with her teeth, nibbling on them and tugging on it also. 

Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* Shlurp* 

Both human women suckled like milk starved grown babies, slurping frantically on and around the nipples and areolas, almost like both of em were in a competitive race with each other. Shayna's hands balled up into tight fists as she tried not to enjoy herself behind her husband's back, but tears welled up under her eyes at the thought that this was happening again behind her darling's back. Both women tilted their heads back to look up at Shayna who had her head tilted back to stare up at the ceiling while they ravaged her breasts like wild babies. With a strange sensation building up inside of her chest, Shayna's tight fists opened up and clawed at the couch cushion beneath her. 

"Aaahhh Goddd!" Shayna cried out, shaking entirely from head to toe. Morna and Ms. Brown's eyes bulged out of their eye sockets as they felt spurts of milk shooting inside of their suckling mouths, spraying their teeth and tongue.

They sucked even more eagerly now, drinking up the strangely sweet tasting alien breast milk dripping out of Shayna's nipples. Pulling her mouth away from Shayna's breast after having her fill of alien breast milk, Ms. Brown stood up from the couch and pulled down her own skirt and panties first before removing Morna's bra and panties second. Removing her bra off of her, which was the last piece of clothing on Morna, both teachers stood in front of the half naked Shayna who looked tired and horny. Ms. Brown felt around the sides of Shayna's skirt and found the zipper on the side, and unzipped it, then forcibly pulled her skirt down her legs. Morna went in and grabbed the sides of Shayna's black panties and pulled them down her waist and legs. Ms. Brown grabbed Shayna by her wrists and pulled her up from the couch and lead her to the table, and shoved Shayna's lunch aside where it fell and spilled all over the floor.

Throwing her down with her back on the table, with little care for her safety, Morna moved in and lowered her head excitedly between Shayna's thighs, and pressed her lips down on Shayna's wet moist pussy and began to eat her out like a pussy starved lesbian. 

"Mmm! Mmmm! Oh fuck, God this pussy is so juicy principal Brown! Mmm, if only I had a cock to fuck her with!" Morna grunted satisfyingly. Morna pushed the hood covering Shayna's fat clitoris and sucked hard on the throbbing little member.

"Hhunngg, hunngg, Mmmmm, hhunngg, hhunngg" Shayna panted repeatedly.

While Morna had Shayna's pussy all to herself, Ms. Brown had access to both of Shayna's fat round breasts smeared with saliva and breast milk. "Kiss me, you outer space seductress!" The principal ordered Shayna. Shayna closed her eyes to avoid staring eye to eye with the principal, and felt the principal's hot wet tongue enter her mouth once again. The principal leaned over Shayna, kissing her while keeping herself propped up by gripping the outer edge of the round table Shayna was lying on top of. Shayna took the uncomfortable step, and kneaded the principal's own breasts, even tugging and twisting the dark brown nipples too with the tips of her fingers; much like what Morna and the principal had done to her own breasts using their lips and teeth.

"Oh fuck yeah Shayna! Fucking play with my titties, you slut!" the principal grunted deeply.

"You have one seriously tasty pussy Shayna, do you know that?" Morna asked her, but Shayna did not answer, only thought to herself, "That's because my husband pumps it with cum at least five times every night, you dumb bitch!" 

"Well whatever makes it so damn tasty, i think this sweet pussy needs a good fingering!" Morna said and pushed two fingers inside of Shayna's vagina and finger banged her. Morna also sucked and licked on Shayna's clitoris in conjunction with finger banging her. First she used two fingers, then three, and finally four fingers that pistoned in and out of her sopping bald pussy in and out roughly and rapidly. That familiar sensation from last night came back to Shayna as she felt the walls of her vagina being forced apart even more than usual. 

Morna slowly pushed her entire hand deeper inside of Shayna's vagina, where she closed it to form a fist, pushing Shayna's vaginal walls further apart. 

"HHMMMMMMMNNN!!" Shayna screamed inside of the principal's mouth as her lower body went rigid from pleasure. The principal pulled her lips off of Shayna's, and pressed a hand down on her mouth to keep her from airing out to the entire school of what was happening inside of the teachers lounge.

"That's right Ms. Young, punch-fist that grey bitch!" Ms. Brown hissed back at her cohort.

Morna pushed and pulled her clenched fist and wrist inside of Shayna's sopping vagina repeatedly, rubbing against Shayna's walls and hitting her g-spot again and again. Shayna writhed in a mixture of pain and pleasure on top of the table and to keep from screaming, She grudgingly suckled on one of Ms. Brown's tits even biting down around her areola with little care for the principal at this point. But the principal was a bit of a masochist, and Shayna's biting teeth caused her to finger herself excitedly. Unable to keep resisting the urge to cum, Shayna raised the lower half of her body with her feet and squirted like a broken street hydrant. Morna pulled her clenched fist out of Shayna's convulsing vagina and stood up to have her face and tits sprayed by her warm alien juices. 

"Oh fuck! Yes, shower me with your sweet alien pussy juice!" Morna groaned deeply, whilst opening her mouth and sticking her tongue out to catch some in her mouth.

"Now Shayna, be a good girl and shape-shift your clitoris into a functioning cock to fuck me and Ms. Young with" the principal said to Shayna who was trying to catch her breath beneath her.

"No..." Shayna bravely answered, though her voice was weak.

"What was that? Did you just say no to me? Do as I say or this will be the last day you work in this school and town!" The principal threatened. 

Sighing dispiritedly, Shayna closed her eyes and begged the image of her husband for forgiveness in her head. Moving off the table, Shayna needed five seconds to turn her clitoris into a six inch, fully functioning cock. Licking her lips with eager anticipation, the principal bent herself over the table, sticking her round ass for Shayna to take when she was ready. Stroking her cock in between her hand, Shayna positioned the head of her cock on the outside of Ms. Brown's asshole, and forcibly pushed her cock inside the dark anus. Thrusting back and forth, Shayna held onto the principal's hips as she slammed her hips and groin against the principal's round ass that wobbled like wild with each one of her thrusts. Shayna's cheeks flushed a dark grey color in response to the pleasure rushing across her entire body, from her cock. Sweat beads rolled down the sides of her face as her cock pounded against principal's tight asshole. Morna stood back and watched in mild shock and awe, Shayna fucking the principal like a man, from the couch

"Holy...Shit" Morna uttered, a little nervous. 

"Aahh, aahh, aahh...AAUGHHHH!!" Shayna grunted deeply, pumping the principal's bowels with a clear semen like ejaculate.

"Hah, hah, hah, hah" the principal panted satisfyingly on top of the table.

Shayna turned around to stare back at Morna, who had been watching Shayna fuck the principal. The red head was too amazed at the sight in front of her to prepare herself for Shayna's revenge. Staring at the wet grey cock throbbing between her wet thighs, made Morna excited. Lying down on the couch with her legs up and out to the sides, Shayna mounted Morna face down on top of her. She propped herself up on the couch with her hands, and slid her cock inside of Morna's vagina. Shayna showed the red head no mercy and pounded the woman silly into the couch. Shayna took two types of pleasure from this tryst, Physical pleasure, which was felt even inside of her own vagina In addition to her shape-shifted cock. And the second type of pleasure was the sense of power that she had over both women. 
