 Chapter 1 

Elsa hated the bar scene. She always felt like a prize piece of meat on a spit with lots of hungry guys wanting a taste, but only after all the prime cuts were taken. There were two guys at the bar staring at her with hunger in their eyes, like they were famished and she was a five course meal. Elsa's beauty was well hidden behind her practical, but hardly fashionable clothes and hair. She knew it had to be getting late because the guys at the bar had struck out with all the beauty queens and now they would settle for anything remotely female. She shivered with revulsion and moved her chair closer to Ken. 

Elsa had always limited herself to one drink, had never done drugs of any kind or allowed herself to fall in love. All those pursuits had one thing in common; they had the potential of making her lose control. Neither drugs nor alcohol were pursuits that she had any desire to follow. Love and romance were something she craved, but her lovers had to accept who she was. No physical or emotional feeling was worth giving up who she was. 

There is only one thing that had the potential to make Elsa lose control and she was sitting next to him right now. As she tried to get away from the hungry stares from the guys at the bar she moved even closer to Ken giving him a sideways glance. Her heart lurched in her chest as she took a gasping breath, "God he is so incredibly perfect." She thought to herself. 

Unfortunately, Ken was her professor, doctoral advisor and 12 years her senior. He was an extremely talented archaeologist, with several world-class digs under his belt. He and Elsa had almost everything else in common too; from their obsession with history and the discovery of it, to their constant chess battles. They did almost everything together, but he had never taken their friendship to the next level. 

Ken Connors was more than just a hot body; although he definitely had that area covered. He was at least a foot taller than she was with handsome yet chiseled facial features and deep penetrating eyes. His shirt seemed to be having a difficult time containing his broad muscular shoulders and thick bulging arms. His whole package was Adonis-like in its perfection and he had his choice of all women surrounding him. 

She was no match for this smorgasbord of titillating female flesh. There was the bleach blonde sitting across the table from them leaning over the table with her large bountiful breasts precariously balanced in her halter top. Next to her was the brunette in hot pants and a bikini top, showing off her tiny waist and incredibly toned belly. A redhead sauntered over and hip checked the brunette showing off her bubble butt. 

Elsa watched Ken stay aloof as the seductive presentation continued well into the night. She wanted him to look at her like that, to rake his eyes over her with desire. He did give her sideways glances, but nothing remotely sexual or desirous. Ultimately, he bade her goodbye and left with a slim sultry blonde on one arm and big boobed brunette on the other. She watched him leave with an ache in her chest and dropped her head onto her chest; why couldn't it be her? 

Elsa had grown up in a commune, but her athletic prowess and incredibly brilliant mind quickly outgrew their facilities. She entered college at 15 with both athletic and academic scholarships, now at 21 she was about to finish up her doctorate in archaeology. Her quick and brilliant mind was the envy of many other women, but most of the men were intimated. Her career didn't give her any time for understanding the emotional and physical interaction between the sexes. However, she was a hopeless romantic and she yearned for the feelings she read about in romance novels. 

Elsa wasn't ugly by any stretch. She found running, aerobics and modern dance helped clear her head, and they also left her with the slim, taut and succulent body. Her tiny waist, small hips and little boy ass only made her C Cup breasts seem that much more enticing. Her face was a perfect oval with sharp defined cheekbones and beautiful gray eyes. However, her upbringing never involved consumerism and left her with no knowledge of fashion, style, or any way to accessorize or bringing out her beauty. 

Unfortunately, her clothes were always practical and functional, but they did an effective job of disguising her taut, willowy, 5'4" sexy dancer's body. Fashion didn't make sense to her. She didn't have a formula for fashion and it wasn't logical. Likewise, she never wore makeup because she had no idea how to do it. One time she had gone to a makeover and Elsa had been thrilled with the results, she looked stunningly gorgeous. Unfortunately, she could never replicate it and her roommate even called her attempts at makeup 'a death mask'. 

She had tried dating in high school but found it awkward and a complete waste of time. The boys in high school only wanted one thing and she had given in once, but sex had been painful and humiliating. She had tried again in college with much the same result. Elsa knew there was a life beyond academia that she was missing, but she really had no way of discovering how to find it. 

So she was content to wear her practical clothes, with no makeup and her long brunette hair dull and shapeless. She was content to live this life of solitude, because she really didn't want people paying attention to just her body. She wanted people to pay attention to her intelligence, big heart, loving spirit and a dolled up exterior garnered the wrong kind of attention. Her world was perfectly logical and under control until she met Professor of archaeology Ken Connors. 

Elsa had chosen this university because of Professor Connors reputation and he was equally impressed with hers. The first time they met Elsa felt a connection that drew her to him, and from his reaction she thought he felt it too. Over the last two years their connection and deepened, but it never went beyond their student/teacher relationship. He was always very attentive to her, but never moved their relationship beyond the current academic one. 

Ken had selected her as one of the doctoral candidates to accompany him on a newly discovered Olmec site being excavated in the tropical lowlands around Veracruz, Mexico. He selected her primarily because of her almost magical way of finding artifacts and deducing their usage. Her reputation was created when; on her own she found a previously undiscovered ceremonial pit from the Ancient Puebloans. 

The Ceremonial pit was far away from the actual Pueblo Cliff dwellings and its usage seems to be associated with fertility rites. They had never been previously discovered because of the remote location. The central ceremonial pit was actually in the Cliff dwellings were assumed to be their only ceremonial pit, but Elsa's discovery at set those theories on their ear. 

Truth be told, professor Connors felt a connection with Elsa that was the closest he had ever sensed and it felt like love. He could tell buried underneath her atrocious clothes, no makeup and lifeless hair was a passionate woman. She put a hundred and fifty percent into everything she had ever done and she was deeply passionate about many of the same things he was. However, it was her innocent, trusting mind and heart that really drew him to her. 

He found her mind exceptionally quick and brilliant with the depth of understanding that very few people had. She was unorthodox in everything she did and that's why she challenged him from academic theories to chess games. She was also athletically gifted and kept up with him during some of his training runs. Yet for someone so accomplished she was a complete loss when it came to the opposite sex. 

He was a handsomely gorgeous man, strong and virile, with women always vying for his attention. He had a strong sex drive and many opportunities to fulfill it, but Elsa affected him in ways he wasn't used too. He could tell by her dating habits that she was not interested in sexual pursuits and that could be a really big problem for him. He was very physical in his expressions of affection and Elsa seemed to be the opposite. 

Also unfortunately, she was his student and he was not going to jeopardize both of their careers. So he was content to be her friend, confidant, mentor, advisor and professor. He felt things for her heart and mind that he'd always wanted to feel, and physically there was chemistry, but no allure. Hopefully, someday she could find her sensual side and they could be lovers or soul mates. 

In the meantime Professor Connors was never lacking for female company. His handsome and rugged exterior and world-class reputation as a lover made him a target for horny women. For him the constant bevy of beauties was just a distraction. None of them were anything more than a night's pleasure. Elsa knew that Ken was more than just a talented, handsome, distinguished, hunk of a man, because she had heard all the women talk and all those women begged to come back for more. 

Tonight was a celebration, because the funding, the team and all the equipment were set. The next day they would be leaving for Mexico. Professor Connors had shaved his normally long and curly brown hair in anticipation of their upcoming months in the Mexican jungle. His rugged attractive looks were the result of many years in the field and his current lack of hair didn't detract from his many female suitors. 

Elsa had hoped that tonight she and Professor Connors might be able to spend some time together. There were moments with just the archaeological team together, but when they went to the bar for the celebration she was pushed aside. Once again all the dolled up bimbos with heavy makeup, short skirts and low cut blouses surrounded the professor and she didn't stand a chance. 

She eventually went home, alone and after a long sensuous bath found herself naked, in bed. She dreamt of what it would be like to have Ken's hands on her. Her hands roamed over her body, pinching, caressing and tweaking all the places she desperately wanted to feel Ken's hands and lips. Her imagination and hands showed her that a deep seated passion existed inside her, a fire that no one else knew about. 

Someday she hoped she could feel something real. She wanted to quiver all over as she was taken to the heights of ecstasy. She wanted to feel weak in the knees as someone conquered her body. She wanted to feel all the things she read about in romance novels, but had never experienced. Most of all, she wanted Ken to be the one to take her there. 

Chapter 2 

The next day came early and everyone piled into a bus to get them to the airport. Almost everyone except for Elsa was hung over from the night before. She had seen how much Professor Connors drank and knew he must be feeling the effects as well, but it didn't show in his demeanor. She assumed his happy jovial mood was the result of the two beauties that he took home with him the night before. 

Everyone piled onto the flight and almost immediately went to sleep. During the first two legs of the flight Elsa stayed to herself trying to read up on the Olmec culture. Surprisingly little had been written about them. The Aztecs and Mayans had volumes written about them but the Olmec had been overlooked. Elsa assumed that's why they had received the grant for this particular dig. 

The Olmec pyramid had been discovered about two years ago, but recently they discovered additional chambers they had not known about. The whole purpose of this dig is to find and explore as many antechambers as possible, documenting the Olmec culture. She knew Professor Connors was looking to her for breakthrough. The way he guided her and taught her was obvious that he felt like she had the magic touch. So she studied everything she could so that she could live up to Ken's expectations. She hoped that someday she would be rewarded with his arms wrapped around her in a loving embrace. 

The third leg of the trip was a small plane and a bush pilot. Professor Connors sat in the back with all the other members of the expedition and she sat up front in the copilot seat. The pilot seemed to see through all of Elsa's functional clothes, shapeless hair and no makeup. He kept staring at her like she was a supermodel and it made her very uncomfortable, but if only Ken could look at her that way! 

The pilot kept talking to her, but his English was very thick and accented while her Spanish equally as bad. Despite their communication problems he relayed some of the history of this pyramid. According to the pilot it was a pyramid devoted to the worship of the earth and moon. Elsa remembered a story of the Lady Rainbow and she was supposed to be a moon goddess. She asked if this was a pyramid devoted to the moon goddess and the pilot suddenly looked very sheepish and stop talking. 

Elsa had read enough to know that the Mayan moon goddess was named Ix Chel, but she had no idea if the Olmec worshiped the same goddess. In the Mayan culture Ix Chel stunningly beautiful and seemed to generate jealousy among the various gods. In some of the myths surrounding her, the sun was her lover, but her grandfather killed her in a fit of jealousy. Dragonflies sang over her for 183 days until she woke again, following the sun to his palace. 

The sun also became jealous thinking she was having an affair with the Morning Star (the sun's brother) and threw her out of heaven. Ix Chel became annoyed with the behavior of the sun and disappeared into the night, remaining invisible whenever the sun came around. In the moonlight she is rumored to have coaxed lovers together generating passion and love. Her touch is rumored to guarantee fertility and she would spend nights nursing women through their labor. 

Elsa pondered over what the pilot had said and if true it was a magnificent find. Elsa couldn't recall any pyramid devoted to a female deity and if so this would be an incredible opportunity. She scratched her head and thought back, she couldn't remember anyone else mentioning this pyramid is dedicated to Ix Chel. She put this information in the back of her mind, wondering if maybe the pilot was poking fun at the Yankee tourist. 

The pilot suddenly became very excited and pointed up ahead. Ken and the other members of the party crowded forward to take a look, but all Elsa could see was a vast sea of green forest. Then she noticed there seemed to be a hill in the middle of the forest. The closer she looked the more she could see distinct layers on the hill and then she realized this was the pyramid. 

It had been completely consumed by the forest and it was no wonder it had never been discovered until two years ago. There was no break in the green sea of the forest where the pyramid existed, only trees and more trees. The only giveaway was what looked like terracing on the hill and Elsa knew that these were the different layers of stone that created the pyramid. As she looked at it she felt a thrill run through her. It was the thrill of new discovery and the thrill of an exciting new adventure.  

Everybody crowded around with their own comments and as they did Elsa felt a warm breath tickling her neck. She turned on to see Ken's face hovering beside her cheek and goose-bumps broke out down her arms. For just a few seconds a fantasy bloomed that he was touching her and his breath was blistering her skin as they made love. Then suddenly he turned to talk to the pilot and ask him to circle several times around the site. The spell was broken. 

The pilot indeed circled for the next 20 minutes with everybody snapping pictures and taking notes. Finally the pilot said he needed to go land as he was running low on fuel and he veered away from the pyramid. Everyone returned to their seats and Elsa was alone again with her thoughts. 

Her eyes followed the pyramid as they moved away with an absurd longing. It seemed as though the pyramid brought out all her regrets over things left undone. There was a craving for impossible things, specifically because they are impossible. The pyramid created nostalgia for things that never were and that desire for what could've been. She suddenly seemed dissatisfied with her world's existence and she had regrets over not sharing her life with someone else. 

As the pyramid faded from her sight, she felt it calling to her, begging her to take her rightful place in the world. Finally the pyramid was gone, but she was left with an empty longing and a joyful feeling that things were about to change. 

Plane traveled for another few minutes before Elsa spotted a dirt runway ahead. The pilot swooped low over the treetops and very soon she felt a jolt as the plane's wheels reconnected with the earth. Almost before the plane came to stop it were surrounded by large military style trucks and several jeeps. 

As everyone piled out of the plane they were greeted warmly by the guide Professor Connors had hired to set up and run their camp. Everyone's suitcases and possessions were quickly transferred from the plane to the trucks and almost within minutes they were on the road again. For another two hours they traveled over rutted and potholed paths that their guide called roads. 

Elsa was riding in the back of the Jeep and several times became airborne as the washed out ruts bounced the Jeep violently. Her knuckles turned white and she gripped the seat in the Jeep determined not to be thrown overboard. They finally arrived at their designated campsite and Elsa had to admit everything was set up and very well organized. It took her a few minutes to get her land legs back and steady underneath her. 

The entire group spent the few hours getting situated in the camp. Elsa being the only woman had her own tent to herself and she quickly unpacked all of her things. Once everything was neatly organized and all of her clothes packed in an accessible footlocker, she left her tent to join the others. 

Dusk was beginning and everyone gathered around the fire pit for delicious dinner of fish with corn salsa, corn, rice and beans. Their guide explained that the fish had been carried in with the trucks and they would have some more left over for tomorrow, but after that would be local cuisine. 

After dinner Professor Connors began to divvy out assignments for tomorrow's first foray into the pyramid. For the most part tomorrow would be mapping out what they knew of the peer med and then tomorrow evening they would determine their best guesses for where hidden anti-chambers might be. 

Most of the volunteers would go with him into the interior of the pyramid and begin mapping everything they saw including all the anterooms. However, he had designated Elsa to map the exterior of the pyramid. She felt both excited and disappointed. She wanted to be with Ken and work with him side-by-side and she was disappointed that she wouldn't be able to do that. 

Mapping the exterior however, was one of the most important jobs, because it would give them an idea where the other anti-chambers might be. Once they laid the interior map over the exterior map they would have a good idea where other spaces could be found. While she knew this was a plum assignment she was still disappointed not to be working directly with Ken. 

After dinner many of the group milled around the fire pit talking excitedly about what they would find in the morning, but most moseyed off to their tents to get some sleep. Ken came over and wrapped Elsa in a fatherly hug and softly whispered, "Elsa I'm glad you came and I can't imagine being here without you. Because you are the only woman in the expedition there could be issues and I want you to come to me if there are. I care about you so make sure you're safe tomorrow." 

Elsa knew he was being protective, but she shivered inside as she felt his hard muscles holding her tightly. Her stomach was filled with butterflies as his scent surrounded her and his rough gravelly voice reverberated in her ears. She laid her head gently on his chest listening to his heartbeat pounding in her ears. She felt warm safe and protected, and yet at the same time aroused and stimulated. 
