 Home Made Film 

23, September, 5018, 5:00 PM Sunday

Lincoln, Nebraska Fire Drive, Miller Residence

It was Sunday evening, and Nicholas and Shayna were over at the Miller house. But Nicholas and Shayna weren't the only guests there. Nicholas's partner, Rhonda Irons was there. And so was Shayna's ex-girlfriend, Nessa. Nicholas had asked the Millers if he could hold a meeting between them and two other friends of his. Ramona allowed it and met Nicholas's partner and Shayna's ex-girlfriend an hour ago. Nicholas and Shayna were on board for making a channel on a porn site. Which one, they did not choose yet. But no one else but them knew about this. Before he let them in on what he and his wife were planning. He felt they all needed to know what had transpired between Shayna and Ms. Brown of Lincoln high school. He felt Shayna should be the one to speak about that matter.

"Thank you, Ramona and Janet, for allowing me and wife to hold this meeting at your home. Thank you, Rhonda, my department partner and Nessa for coming over. Before I pitch to you all my idea that I and my wife agreed to work to make come true. I'm going to hand the floor over to my wife first, who wishes to share something with you all" Nicholas said. 

Shayna stood up from the couch she was sitting on and walked to the center of the living room. She gathered her thoughts and took a sharp breath of air, before speaking. 

"Ramona, Janet, for the past year and these last few months of this year. I was being exploited by the principal of the high school I worked at. She knew I loved my job as a teacher. Every time I would come home late for work, she would ask me to come her to her office. Which were code and an excuse for her to do anything she wanted to me. Sometimes it wouldn't be only her. Sometimes a teacher she managed to persuade, would also join in and have their way with me"

"Shayna, oh my god. I'm sorry..." Ramona said. 

Janet stood up and hugged Shayna, who appreciated her sympathy. 

"It wasn't that I was unable to defend myself. Mariners may not be as strong as humans, but our mental powers are strong enough to bend steel beams. I allowed it to happen because I loved my job. So much that I did shameful things behind my husband's back. My marriage was more important to me than my job, and so I told Nicholas what was going on. And as Rhonda can attest, he came in and finally put a stop to it. Now I've been without a job since Friday. I and my husband have been going outside looking for temporary jobs for me. And then at the end of the day of job interviews, Nicholas hit me with his most awesome idea. Nicholas, tell them" She told him. 

"Thank you, Shayna. What I had planned, everyone was...Was creating a channel for me and Shayna on a...A porn site." 

Janet and Rhonda's expressions were ones of surprise. Nessa seemed indifferent to the idea, but Ramona seemed the most excited about it. Even adding to Nicholas's idea. 

"How about also creating a 'support me' page for Shayna, Nicholas. That way viewers and fans of you and your wife can donate extra cash your way. By the way, why did you feel the need to tell all us this?" Ramona wondered. 

"I felt that if it was just me and my wife for the entire channel, it would get a little boring for our fans and viewers. Shayna and I talked and we would like to invite you all to be a part of this with us. What do you all say?" he asked.

"I can roll with it. No problem on my end" Nessa chimed from her spot. 

"I would like to help your wife out, Nicholas because that would mean I would be helping you out. Buk I can't be a part of this. I mean we're police officers." Rhonda said, sounding unsure and nervous. 

Ramona stood from her couch spot and walked over to Rhonda, who was sitting on a sofa couch. The rookie officer watched the black sexy woman walk over to her. Something compelled her to stand up and back away. Ramona pulled Rhonda in and deep kissed her, catching the young officer off guard. 

"Aahn! Aahn! Hmmnn!" Ramona moaned inside of Rhonda's mouth, who was trying to process what was happening.

Janet stood up and went over to join her wife in a three-way kiss. Rhonda's eyes bulged watching the other woman come over. Lean her own face closer to hers, open her mouth and join her wife and herself in a three-way kiss. Nicholas, wide-eyed watched his partner pressed up against a wall, kissing both women.

"I know you're a cop and Nicholas's partner. But aside from all that jazz, you have a beautiful face you know that? You're made for the camera" Ramona said. 

Rhonda blushed and looked away. "Are there more guys, or is Nicholas it?" Nessa asked, taking a seat next to Shayna. 

Ramona turned to Nessa, "Well there are 'two' dicks in this room If you catch my drift." 

Shayna knew what Ramona was referring to. And addressed her claim immediately. "That's true Ramona. But I don't last long." 

"Well if its okay with you two, I know one or two guys who could join us. Nicholas you don't have to worry about any other guy getting with Shayna. Like any guy would try his luck with an active officer's wife, especially when he's right in front of him, heh heh." 

"That's fine. So as long as no other cock besides my own enters my wife" Nicholas said, hugging his wife from behind. 

Before they could create a channel on a porn site. Filming took precedent at the moment. Nessa wasn't a director nor had any experience directing films. But she did have experience writing stories. So used that to help her direct how this first video was going to go and what Nicholas and Shayna were going to do. 

*****

Master Bedroom 

Nicholas and Shayna had to be back home before eight o clock to be with their children. They went up to Janet and Ramona's master bedroom. Three levitating camera spheres no larger than baseballs would be recording them. The married couple sat down on the bed, staring back at the cameras floating around them. 

"Alright Nick and Shay, first things first. Let's introduce ourselves. Then afterward talk about your favorite sex positions and then undress each other. Kiss one another and let the natural course happen." Nessa told them. She sat on a chair on the corner of the bedroom. 

Ramona, Janet, and Rhonda were also seated but on the other corner of the bedroom. They were behind the revolving cameras focused on Nicholas and Shayna. 

"Well my name is Nicholas Castillo, I'm twenty-seven years old. The last child of a family of four. I was born the year before the worldwide infertility event happened. I am an officer for the Lincoln police department. I graduated out of the academy at eighteen. I was the youngest cop in my department. I'm also married to this beautiful mariner woman, sitting beside me." 

"My original name before marriage was "Mina llapo." But I also went by the human nickname 'Shayna' even before getting married. Mariners get their human first names from their spouses during their wedding ceremonies. And take their spouses' last names afterward. But I gave myself the nickname Shayna because I liked the sound of it. Um, I am twenty-eight years old. I was born in space but raised here on earth. My whole species descended down to earth when the infertility event struck. I attended schools with the last of pure human children. Middle school, high school, and college. I entered college at seventeen and graduated at twenty." 

Nicholas took over. "I and Shayna met when I was on patrol. I received a call of a noise complaint to an apartment building in the city of Lincoln. Shayna's neighbor called the police for loud music playing from her apartment. That was when I first saw her and was stricken by her beauty. It was love at first sight for me. The complainant kept yelling at her when I told her I would handle it. I lost it and told them to either shut the fuck up, or I would take them in for disturbing the peace. I spoke to Shayna after and from that point onward, we started to date for the next two years." 

Shayna kissed Nicholas on his cheek and took over for him. "When we were twenty years old, I decided to get married after getting pregnant with our first child. A girl who is full grown today. The next months after I chose to get pregnant again. This time with our second child and first son, who is also full grown and part of the Earth self-defense forces. Those first two children were full-grown adults in five years and felt the need to leave the nest. Feeling the need to have more children. I got pregnant again at twenty-five, and for the next four preceding years got pregnant again. So me and my 'alien king' here, have four beautiful wonderful children that we are raising together." 

"Interesting story eh," Nicholas said, looking back at Shayna. "So sunshine. During our entire life spent together up to this point, what would you say is your favorite sex positions?" Nicholas asked her, rubbing and caressing the sides of her arm and thighs. 

"Oh, well there are so many. We tried all known sex positions in the world at least twenty times. But if I had to choose three. I would pick 'Wrapped Missionary.' Only because I love staring back at my husband's face when he's pounding my pussy or my asshole. Plus he's a passionate kisser. Second, I would choose a position called the 'Restrained doggy position.' Which gives me the chance to watch my husband's cock sliding in and out of my pussy. And to watch his balls smacking against my vulva. And third, the 'Standing sixty-nine' or 'Kneeling sixty-nine' is my favorite. I get to pleasure my man while he pleasures me. Nicholas is a lot of things, but one of the things he is not is a selfish lover. In fact, he loves eating me out so much, he's definitely stretched out my labia by a few inches. My little muff diver." Shayna said, kissing Nicholas. 

"What about you darling, what are your favorite positions?" Shayna asked as Nicholas

kissed and nibbled on the sides of her neck.

"Any and all em, Shayna. So long as I can be inside of you, or have a part of you in my mouth, I'm a happy camper." He said. 

"I knew you were going to say that! You need to choose...Mmmm. You need to...Hhhnnnng. Oh, fuck it!... Hnnng Nicholas." Shayna moaned, Nicholas's lips sucking alongside her neck, and fondling her breasts. 

Nicholas stood from sitting on the bed and stood in front of his wife, who began to undo his belt and pants. Nicholas pushed his shoes off his feet to make undressing easier. He removed his own shirt and chain of a cross he wore around his neck. When Nicholas undressed. He turned the tables on his wife. He pulled her up off the bed by her wrists, spun her around so he was sitting on the bed and she was standing in front of him. Taking a hold of the hem of her dark pink high waist yoga pants which she was wearing. 

Nicholas pulled it down along with her panties of the same color. Rolling the stretchy pants and panties down her thighs and legs. Shayna stepped out of them when they were resting on the floor, around her ankles. Shayna removed her black top first. Nicholas stood and unclasped Shayna's bra from around her back. And watched her two large grey tits drop with weight as they slapped back against her chest. 

Taking a hold of each of them in his hands. Nicholas suckled hard, earning deep moans from his wife. He licked around her fat large areolas, nibbled and pulled on her pierced nipples with his teeth. Earning him louder moaning from her. Pulling his lips away from her two fun bags. Nicholas and Shayna kissed deeply and passionately, continuing to massage her large tits. Below, Shayna stroked her husband's pierced cock. 

"Mmmm! Hnnnggg! Mmnnnn! Hhmmm!" The couple moaned in each other's mouths. 

Nessa watched intensely, touching herself. Over at the other corner of the bedroom. Rhonda sat between Ramona and Janet, who were kissing her at the same time feeling all over her body. Nessa shot them a gesture to keep it down. 

***** 

Pulling their lips away. Nicholas winked back at her and sat on his haunches before his wife. Bringing his arms and hands around her thighs. Nicholas clamped his hands down on top of his wife's fat, round ass cheeks for support. He grinned at her who stared back at him with flushed cheeks with excitement. Pressing his lips on top of her wet vulva. That caused Shayna to grab a hold of the back of his head. She bent her knees, Nicholas pushed his tongue inside of her vagina and licked around at his leisure. While his tongue was busy exploring her wet contracting vagina. His lips stimulated her labia and fat pierced clitoris. Nicholas upper lip grazed her piercing over and over, each time he nodded. 

"Haahhnn! Hnnngg! Mmmmm! Hhnghuhh oh fuck!!" Shayna moaned. 

Nicholas licked and sucked. Sometimes switching to one before switching to the other. 

"Yes! Oh my god Nicholas! Nnnnnhh! Aw faaaaaacck!!" Shayna hollered, climaxing all over her husband's slurping tongue and lips. A spray of juices fired out of her urethra, drenching Nicholas's face in it. 

Shayna's fingers turned rigid as she continued to rub her husband's mouth on her sopping pussy. Nicholas smiled and smacked Shayna's ass cheeks to amplify her waning orgasm. 

Shayna released her hold she had on the back of her husband's head. Which finally gave him the chance to get some air back into his lungs. Wiping the juices away from his mouth with his forearm. Nicholas lifted his wife up by her hamstrings, with her calves resting on his forearms. Turning her around so she was facing the bed. He dropped her on her back, where she landed on the bed. Pushing her legs aside. Shayna was a little surprised Nicholas didn't wait for her to give him oral. 

"W-Wait Nicholas!" Shayna said. 

"What's the matter?" he answered her. 

"Don't you want your dick sucked? I wanted to suck it. Your balls also" 

"Damn! I never knew I had such a horny alien for a wife."

"You have a cum hungry slut for an alien wife, Nicholas! And she's hungry for your wonderful cum that's been bubbling up inside of your testicles!" Shayna said, smirking at him. 

Falling onto his back. Nicholas laid back and watched his wife crawl around to the front of him. She sat between his legs lifting them and slinging them over on his shoulders. While her hands curled around his thighs. She supported most of his weight, while leaving the rest to her telekinesis. Wrapping her lips around his pierced cock. She coiled her long alien tongue around the throbbing organ. Slathering it with her saliva before bobbing her head up and down. 

"Hhnnn, Hnnn, fuck that feels so good," Nicholas moaned, "Hah, hah, hah, goddamn that fucking tongue is divine!" 

Shayna continued to bob her head up and down. Slurping down his cock and taking all her husband down her throat. Shayna was in a position of dominance, and Nicholas knew it. Nor did he mind. Everyone in the room is creatures of sex and desire and impulses. Nicholas never once stopped to analyze his surroundings, and neither did Shayna. Their gazes fixated only on each other.

"Shayna...Aaahh fuck!...Shayna alright! Alright! Stop before I cum!" Nicholas groaned, reaching forward to push her head off him.

But Shayna shook her head, "Uh-uh!" moaning back at him while she continued to bob her head up and down. 

Nessa and the other women watched the action in front of them. Nessa was down to only her bra and panties, fingering herself and massaging one of her breasts. "Oh my god yes! Yes, Shayna! Mmmm! Fucking gobble down your man's cock like a good cock hungry slut!" Nessa thought in her head. 

"You know I can hear everything your thinking, right Nessa? You haven't forgotten that I could do that have you?" Shayna telepathically communicated with her ex-girlfriend. 

"Oh I haven't forgotten Shayna, I haven't forgotten," Nessa thought back to Shayna.

"Oh, Shiiitt...Gyyaaahhhhh!! Heeaaahh-hgh-hgh!!" Nicholas grunted, ejaculating inside of his wife's mouth. 

Shayna's whole face flushed, including her neck and chest. As she gulped down her husband's ropes of cum that painted her mouth and tongue white. The camera floating around them made sure to capture every raunchy moment. Zooming in on every wet hole on Shayna and on Nicholas's wet dong 

***** 

Dropping her husband's legs back down on the bed. Shayna stared back at her husband's heaving chest, and at his wet flaccid cock. Nicholas had one hand over his face with a smirk poking through. Shayna realized the position she was in and turned around to get on her hands and knees. She leaned forward and rested the side of her face on the top of her hands. Unlike her ex-girlfriend or her lesbian neighbors who she felt more equal or superior to. Shayna felt more submissive in the presence of her husband than with anybody else. It wasn't so much because she was his wife, or because he was her husband. Nicholas's mentality which was perceptible to her was solid like a wall or slab of rock. With some areas and edges being smooth and warm while others were cold and jagged. Compared to him, every other woman in the room had mentalities that felt more like rivers of cool or warm water. Nessa's was more like a river of frozen water. Nicholas sat back up on the bed after catching his breath. He watched his wife's round, thick juicy ass up in the air, waiting for him to conquer it again. 

Shayna looked back over to him and helped Nicholas regain his stamina back. In no time, he was erect and ready to go again. Taking up his position behind her. He made sure Shayna's legs pressed against each other and between his open legs. Pressing the head of his cock against her wet slit. He pushed himself inside of her, burying the entire length of his cock inside of her. The piercings on the under shaft of his penis rubbed the walls of her vagina In all the right away. 

"Hhhuunnnggg!!" Shayna moaned. 

"Heuh...Aaaaagh!! Ee-Ahhh!!" Shayna moaned even louder as Nicholas pounded her pussy. 

"Aahhh! Aahhh! Aahhh! Haahhhh!! Fuck me, Nicholas! Fuck me!!" Shayna cried out, panting. 

"Who's is it, Shayna?! Who's pussy does this belong too!!" Nicholas asked her, slapping his groin against her jiggling ass cheeks. 

"Yours baby! This pussy is yours!! Heuuuarghhhh!!" 

Gripping her hips tight. Nicholas pounded Shayna's ass until she could bear no more, and was being pounded against the bed. The slapping of skin only grew louder and faster. So much, all the women wondered how Nicholas was able to do this or was able to last that long. One camera focused on Shayna's face contorting in pain and pleasure. As the other camera focused on Nicholas's face. 

And the last and third camera focused on Nicholas's cock pumping into his wife's pussy. His balls slapped against her wet grey vulva. The camera watched till Nicholas froze up finally. His hips jerking back and forth as his cock pumped cum inside of her. Lasting thirty seconds, Nicholas pulled out of his wife's cum filled vagina. He slapped his semi-hard cock on top of each of her two ass cheeks in a display of ownership over them. Sitting on his calves beside her and catching his breath. Nicholas kissed, spread and even slapped her cheeks for the cameras to record his cum dribble out of her spent hole.

"This is only our first out of many films, with the two of us. But in the future, we will invite our friends and neighbors too. If you like what you saw, please think about supporting my wife with your donations." Nicholas said to all the cameras. 

Walking in from the side was Nessa with a strap on belonging to Ramona and Janet. Nicholas and Shayna stared back at her, who stared back at the cameras with a sly look on her face. 

"If you all want a second part to this, I would suggest donating now!" Nessa said, before cutting the cameras off.

*****

- END