  The alien language was made up by me, if any of the words in this fictional language is offensive to anybody (in any language) no offense is intended and I am sorry.

*****

Nookumick returned a few hours later with a white uniform for me to wear. "Where's my robe?" I asked, putting on the uniform he brought me. 

"I'm told, it's still in quarantine," He replied. 

"Okay. I'm hungry, can I have some food?" I asked. 

"Of course, I'll have some brought up to you." He replied leaving the room. 

A few minutes later the door opened and a second alien entered. This one was clearly female. She was brown, with blue eyes walked in pushing a cart of fruit with a glass of water. Then she left again. After eating, I began to wonder what their plans are for me. 

'Are they going to do exploratory surgery on me? Are they going to implant anything in me?' I thought to myself starting to feel a little worried. 

After a while, Nookumick returned with third alien, another female. This female was clearly Nookumick's commanding officer, she had the same uniform, but had what looked like an officer's rank on her neck collar. 

"Nookumick! Noomutian kimbotu klimbisoa?" She asked, pointing at me. 

Nookumick took her out of the room, she returned a minute later with a tablet computer. 

"Nilkunm!" She said, in a commanding voice. 

"What?" I asked, confused. 

"Nilkunm! Nokjmn!" She repeated in a louder commanding voice. 

I stood up thinking that's what she wanted me to do. She then pressed some buttons on her tablet computer and the medical table that had turned into the bed that Nookumick and I had sex on a few hours earlier turned back into a medical table. 

"Mklimin!" She said in a commanding voice. 

"What?" I asked, confused. 

"Mklimin! Nokjmn!" She repeated in a louder commanding voice. I then sat on the medical table. Thinking that's what she wanted me to do. 

"Nok! Nok!" She said loudly. 

"Mklimin" She said as she reached for my uniform that Nookumick gave me. 

I took off the uniform and sat on the medical table. Just then Nookumick reentered the room. 

"Nookumick, tunkjnim," she said. 

"Knomne knimiuna" Nookumick replied. 

"I'm going to translate for now on. This is my boss Nimlinlinanim, she's the best doctor we got. She is also my, wife," he said. 

"Mkilljhihianm," Nimlinlinanim said, instructing. 

"Lay down on the table," Nookumick translated. 

I laid on the medical table. As I did, the space craft suddenly shook violently, and an alarm sounded. 

"Nookumick, niuyihminnaybo," Nimlinlinanim said in a commanding, voice. 

"I've got to go, the ship hit something. I've got to check for damage. You'll be safe here with Nimlinlinanim. I'll be back as soon as I can," Nookumick, said, as he ran out of the room. 

When Nookumick ran out of the room, I got really nervous for my safety. Until Nimlinlinanim put her hand gently on my shoulder, and looked into my eyes. I saw that there was no fear in her, and that started to calm me down. After a minute of her calming me down, she returned to the medical exam. She pressed a couple buttons on her tablet computer and a transparent hologram tube came out of the medical table encircling me. It was like a MRI on earth. Nimlinlinanim then pressed a few more buttons and a the wall lit up with my entire body, showing all of my nerves, organs, vessels and arteries, on another wall, I could see my heartbeat and brain waves. 

Nimlinlinanim then left the room for a minute, returning with a cart full of supplies. 

"What's in that cart?" I asked, nervously. 

"Numankanka," She said in a calming voice putting her hand on my shoulder. 

As soon as I was calm again, Nimlinlinanim went to the cart and picked up a feather. She then walked to my feet and started to run the feather across the bottom of my feet making me giggle and laugh uncontrollably. 

"That tickles!" I laughed, as I squirmed uncontrollably. 

Nimlinlinanim slowly moved the feather up my body from my foot, past my ankles, and up my legs. It felt unbelievability good. I could feel myself getting wet. Nimlinlinanim looked at the wall that had my body's readings and the area around my pussy was more red than the rest of my body. Nimlinlinanim was getting curious, she ran the feather around my pussy making me moan loudly. Nimlinlinanim then noticed that my brainwaves and heartbeat was off the chart. I felt an orgasm building. Nimlinlinanim then moved the feather up my belly. 

"No, put it back!" I moaned, as I grabbed her arm and moved her hand with the feather back to my pussy. 

Nimlinlinanim continued to play with the feather on my pussy making me cum in a orgasm. As my pussy juices and cum flowed out of my pussy, Nimlinlinanim stopped and looked and my soaking wet pussy curiously. She then scooped up some of my pussy juices and cum with her finger, and looked closely at it; she then put her finger in her mouth and licked it clean. 

'This is some really weird Déjà vu,' I thought to myself as she licked my cum off of her finger. 

After Nimlinlinanim licked my cum off of her finger, could see that she really liked it; something in her eyes told me that she wanted to taste me again. And something inside of me wanted to let her make me cum again. I was never interested into women on Earth before, but I wanted Nimlinlinanim to please me; and I wanted to please her too. Nimlinlinanim pressed a few buttons on her tablet computer shutting down the hologram MRI. 

"What are you doing now? I asked. She didn't answer, she moved her mouth to my soaking wet pussy and started to lick me with her snake like tongue. 

"Oh my god! That feels good!" I moaned, as I put my hand on the back of her head and forced her to stick her tongue deeper into my pussy.

Nimlinlinanim made me cum in a powerful orgasm, covering her mouth with my juices and cum. After cumming, Nimlinlinanim continued licking my pussy cleaning up the mess that squirted out of my pussy. 

"Mihkniyilkuiam," Nimlinlinanim said, with a smile on her face. 

'What does that mean? Did she like eating my pussy?' I thought to myself, as I started to play with my pussy with the sudden urge to return the favor. 

I got off the medical table and guided Nimlinlinanim to the wall where I started to kiss her. I put my tongue in her mouth and played with her tongue. I stripped off her uniform revealing her amazing breasts. I've never been with a girl before, but I didn't care, I was too horny to stop now. I then sucked on Nimlinlinanim's nipples, and kissed my way down her body to her pussy. 'I can't believe that I'm really doing this,' I thought to myself as I took off her uniform pants revealing her pussy covered in a pink liquid. 

"Oh my god!" I moaned after I did my first lick on her pussy. 

Her pussy juices tasted like milk; I licked up all of her juices before licking her slit making her moan in pleasure. Nimlinlinanim put her hand on the back of my head, pushing me deeper into her pussy. Seconds later, Nimlinlinanim had a powerful orgasm. Her pink milk tasting cum covered my entire face. I wiped her cum off of my face, and licked it off of my face, and licked it off of my fingers. 

"Yummy!" I said seductively. 

I guided Nimlinlinanim back to the medical table, where I laid on the medical table and guided Nimlinlinanim on top of me in a sixty-nine. Nimlinlinanim quickly understood what I wanted and she started to lick my pussy with her snake like tongue as I continued to lick her pussy. We made each other cum in multiple powerful orgasms. I inserted two of my fingers into her very tight pussy making her moan loudly. Nimlinlinanim suddenly started to turn a bright fluorescent pink. Worried for her well being I stopped fingering her pussy. 

"Nok!" She said as she grabbed my hand and returned my fingers into her pussy. 

I continued to fuck her pussy with my fingers, even as she turned a brighter fluorescent pink. Finally, her pussy exploded with a powerful orgasm. Her pink milk tasting cum squirted out of my pussy like a dam had burst. Nimlinlinanim then turned around so we could make out. As we made out I tasted my cum on her tongue. "Oh my god. I love this so much," I said, exhausted. 

Nimlinlinanim didn't respond. She just smiled at me. After a short break, allowing Nimlinlinanim's skin color to return to her normal. Nimlinlinanim climbed off of me and started to return to the wall where I stripped off her uniform. 

"No! Not yet!" I said in a commanding voice not knowing if she could understand me, as I pulled her back to me and forced her mouth back to my pussy. 

Nimlinlinanim knew what I wanted, and her tongue immediately went to work and I started to feel another orgasm building. I put my hand on the back of Nimlinlinanim's head and pulled her in deeper into my soaking wet pussy. Just then, Nimlinlinanim's tongue went faster and faster, making me unleash a powerful orgasm. 

"Oh my god! That was amazing!" I said, exhausted. 

Nimlinlinanim wasn't done yet, she then inserted one of her really long fingers into my pussy and started to fuck me. 

"Oh my god! That feels so fucking good!" I moaned as she brought me to orgasm. 

Nimlinlinanim then inserted a second finger and continued to fuck me. 

"FUCK! THIS FEELS TOO FUCKING GOOD! KEEP GOING!" I yelled, begging. 

Nimlinlinanim fucked me faster and faster. Making me cum in an extremely powerful orgasm. Nimlinlinanim then pulled her fingers out of my dripping wet pussy and licked off my pussy juices and cum. Giving me a second to regain my composure. That was, until Nimlinlinanim inserted three fingers into my tight pussy. 

"OH MY GOD! THIS FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD! PLESASE KEEP FUCKING ME! MAKE ME CUM AGAIN!" I yelled, begging for more. 

Nimlinlinanim fucked me with her three fingers as fast as she can. I felt yet another orgasm building, As if Nimlinlinanim knew I was ready to burst, she pulled out her fingers and started to lick my pussy again just as I unleashed my orgasm. My cum and pussy juices covered Nimlinlinanim's face in a powerful, explosive orgasm. Nimlinlinanim then licked up all of my pussy juices and cum. Exhausted, 

I finally let Nimlinlinanim return to the wall where I stripped off her uniform, to get dressed and to continue the medical exam. Nimlinlinanim got dressed, and continued with my medical exam. As she was finishing up the exam Nookumick returned. 

"Niuoertouoama momnotojo kimkniiao Kemon II" He said, as he entered the room. 

"What does that mean?" I asked. 

"We're almost at Kemon II," Nookumick replied. 

"Would you like to see our home? I can take you to our observation deck." He said. 

"Absolutely! I've never seen an another planet up close before!" I said excited. 

Nookumick and Nimlinlinanim took me to the observation deck where I saw Kemon II for the first time. 

To be continued...