 Chapter 3 

The next morning started early... again. Elsa learned from yesterday and this time added a bra underneath her camisole. So when she sweated through her clothes she would not give the workers a wet t-shirt show. 

The breakfast was the same as yesterday, but everyone was moving a little slower and it seemed to take a lot more coffee to get everyone on the move. Likewise, their hike to the pyramid was slower with everyone dragging a little bit. As they approached the pyramid they once again split into two teams and Elsa continued working with the survey team. All the other members of the architectural team followed Professor Connors through the main entrance of the pyramid like hatchlings following their mother goose. 

Elsa shook her head and sent the survey team off to their predefined positions and schedule. While she watched them go to their assignments several locals that looked like farmers came out of the jungle and their leader walked up to Elsa. He bowed respectfully and said, "Dama tienes que ver esto." 

If her Spanish was close he said, "Madam you need to see this." So Elsa nodded ok and motioned for him to lead on. She followed him to a corner of the pyramid out of sight from everyone else. Elsa became a nervous as all her team disappeared, until she noticed a small opening down close to the corner of the pyramid. It was very small and she was probably one of the few people that could fit through the small portal. 

She normally would've waited for the rest of the crowd, but something about this small portal spoke to her and drew her towards it. The opening was small, but it wasn't disheveled and seemed to have been recently used. She thanked the group for showing her the entry and then turned back to the opening. They all watched expectantly as she advanced towards the opening. 

She squeezed and shimmied through the opening and once inside, it opened into a small corridor. It seemed to be a dead end, but as she searched the walls she found a brick out of place. She pushed on it but nothing happened, then she pulled and the brick façade came off in her hand. Behind the brick façade was a lever and when she pulled a doorway opened leading into a large antechamber. 

The walls were filled with all kinds of trinkets, plus candles and torches still as yet unlit. Using her flashlight, Elsa located a couple of candles and lit them using some matches she found on the ledge by the candles. It struck her odd that matches were next to the candles, but still it allowed her to light up the room. Candles lit chamber effectively and as Elsa looked around, her heart began to pound in her chest as she realized this was a sacrificial chamber. There was an altar dominating the prominent and main position at the top of the chamber. 

Elsa glanced around the room noticing an odd mixture of ancient and modern relics. All of the modern items, including the matches, led her to believe that this chamber was still being used. In addition to the modern artifacts the chamber seemed to exceptionally well preserved and lacking the decay she would've expected. 

The sacrificial altar was on a raised stone base at the head of the room. She could tell it was an altar right away because of the restraining manacles at the top and bottom corners. She touched them noticing that they were made out of some kind of stiff rubber. She nodded her head imperceptibly, acknowledging the rubber; after all the word Olmec means rubber people. However, her research told her that they mostly used natural latex rubber and this was much denser and less forgiving. 

The carving was intricate, and full of symbols she had never seen. At first she thought this was an altar for human sacrifices, but the more she looked she knew that was not the case. The altar was beautiful, delicate and almost feminine in its design, and generally a human sacrificial altar would be more rugged masculine. The top appeared to have a series of small channels running throughout the altar and their purpose was lost on Elsa. 

Elsa didn't understand all the intricacies of the altar, but she gleefully rubbed her hands and knew she would be spending the next few months uncovering its secrets. She approached the altar noticing that it seemed strangely devoid of any dust or debris. She ran her fingers over the polished surface felt tingles through her fingertips that seem to reverberate throughout her body. 

Elsa knew she was excited with the thrill of discovery, but this felt different. This discovery would break open the whole Olmec culture and solidify her career, but the thrill had a decidedly sexual nature. Her nipples hardened and ached while her belly trembled and womanly folds wept her womanly nectar. The more she stroked the surface of the altar the deeper she felt that craving and throbbing in her womb. 

As she stroked the altar, visions of Professor Connors began to fill her head. The stroking of her fingertips on the surface of the altar became slower and more sensuous as her long hidden desires began to take shape. Her passionate daydreams fulfilled yesterday's promise in the jungle as he stripped her clothes from her with desire in his eyes. The sexual energy flowing through her fingers filled her, showing her a paradise. Her waking dream was manifesting her desires for Ken. 

Her long suppressed desires seemed to bubble to the surface. She longed for someone to love her, just like she longed to love someone. The man of her dreams was foremost in her mind and heart. Her body's needs dominated her thoughts with many of her erotic dreams crushing all except her sexual desires. 

She envisioned his hands caressing up her belly until he cupped her breasts and pinched her nipples. She dreamt of his eyes pouring into her hungrily, telling her that he wanted to devour her. Her knees trembled and chest heaved as her intense passion made it hard to breathe. She couldn't seem to get those hungry thoughts out of her head. Elsa's felt a desperate desire to feel him conquer her, take her and ravage her as he held her captive with his love and passion. 

Elsa shook her head trying to clear the lustful thoughts from her mind, but they remained... invading and controlling her thoughts. She found it difficult to concentrate, but forced her mind to examine the top of the altar. As she caressed the intricate patterns on the altar she felt Ken's tongue and fingers replicating their design on her skin. She imagined the erotic torturous fire controlling her as she ripped off Ken's shirt and pants revealing his ruggedly beautiful body. 

She forcefully pulled her mind back to examination of the altar. All the channels seemed to feed down to a circular area almost the exact center of the altar. Elsa traced the patterns with her delicate fingers on one hand, then reproduced the design on her skin with her other hand. The markings seemed to flow to her sexual core, just as the channels lead to the circular core of the altar. 

She ran her hands around the circular area in the middle of the altar and felt it give slightly. She pushed hard on the core area and large phallus rose from the center, angling towards the top of the altar. Elsa had few lovers, but this phallus seemed larger than the lovers she had. It looked to be made of a hard, dense, oily wood like Lignum Vitae or Ironwood. None of that mattered as the power contained in the phallus poured through her grasping fingers. 

The altar began to feed off her desires and fantasies with the tingling and erotic power growing in her hand. The phallus seemed to grow warmer in her hand and as Elsa stroked it she began to believe it was more human. This was the cock she always dreamed about. The cock she dreamt about taking to unimagined heights of bliss and her fantasies began to take over. It was Ken's cock... she just knew it was! 

She envisioned that Ken was really there as she stripped off his underwear and his engorged cock was revealed. In her daydreams his cock was finally hers and she began to stroke it softly relishing its hard powerful feel. She gripped the phallus tightly as she tried to rid her mind of her erotic daydreams. Once again she shook her head trying to concentrate on the archaeological find, but it was only moments of lucid thought before her erotic fantasies once again took over. 

Elsa had suspected now that this was some kind of a fertility altar and the phallus confirmed it. This could be a tremendous find, because no other fertility or sexual sacrificial altar had ever been found. Her scientific excitement and curiosity rose, but as she stroked the phallus a different kind of excitement flowed hotter through her veins. 

It was sensual and exhilarating running her fingers over something so old and it seemingly untouched by time. She envisioned a nubile young virgin strapped to the sacrificial top, naked for everyone to see. Something about this image sent chills through her and it was shudders of excitement, not dread. In her dreams she was the naked virginal sacrifice. She actually felt her womanly folds becoming wet with excitement as this vision controlled her thoughts. 

She found it strange that she had fought her whole life against the subjugation of women. She certainly didn't want to be thought of as just body waiting to be taken. Yet the thought of being the naked nubile young virgin bound to the sacrificial table was exhilarating. She dreamed of being strapped to the altar, helplessly waiting for her body to be taken by the priest. Her dreams and visions were so real she found her nipples agonizingly hard and her pussy aching to be filled. 

The phallus felt slick and alive, almost warm to the touch like it was waiting to take its next sacrifice. In her mind's eye she saw the phallus splitting her womanly lips, and she was the willing sacrifice. As her hands sensuously stroked the hard, demanding phallus, her mind was filled with visions of her body as the nubile sacrifice. In her visions she was impaled on the demanding altar. She could almost feel herself being sacrificed as her womanly lips were stretched tightly around the phallus as it invaded her body. 

Her dreams felt real and she was bound tightly to the sacrificial altar impaled on the altar's massive cock. The thought of being the sacrifice had her thrilled, excited and aroused. She knew she should be fearful, but she wasn't, she was electrified and truly craved being the sacrifice. Elsa ached to be strapped to the table, forced to do things she would never normally do. She hungered to have that ancient phallus sliding between her thighs, stretching and filling her with desire. 

The vision got even worse as she imagined Professor Connors as the priest hovering over her. She envisioned herself strapped naked on the altar, the phallus deep inside her and Professor Connors hands roaming over her tightly bound and vulnerable body. This was a feeling unlike anything she had ever felt. 

He could do anything he wanted to her and she was powerless to stop him. She was his plaything, his sacrifice and whatever was going to happen she felt sexy knowing there was nothing she could do against his desire. Her knees trembled at the thought, with the anticipation and yearning more potent than anything she had ever experienced. 

Her hands began reacting on their own as he began caressing her body. Her hands cupped her breasts trying to pinch her inflamed nipples, but there were too many clothes in the way. Without a second thought her hands frantically tore at the buttons, ripping them off the shirt and scattering them around the altar room. She desperately took off her shirt and shredded her camisole. Her bra was the only thing covering her breasts and she wildly tore at the islets until the bra gave way and freed her swollen and agonizing nipples. 

Elsa cupped her breasts feeling their bountiful plumpness fill her hands. Her thumb and forefinger surrounded her nipples, tugging, pulling and squeezing sending exquisite bolts of passionate fire surging through her writhing form. She threw her head back belting out moans of needy desire echoing through the chamber. The harder she twisted her tortured nipples, the more her body forgot about everything except quenching the fire inside her. 

The fire was too much and she had to get rid of those pants so she could fill her pussy with her lover's phallus. Her hands unzipped, unbuttoned and tore at her lower body until her pants lay in a pool binding her feet. Elsa jumped up onto the altar sitting there with her feet hanging off the edge. With her womanly slot drenched in her womanly juices in full contact with the altar everything jumped to a new level. Her whole body tingled as though she had been plugged into an electrical socket. It was too much and whatever this was, she wanted to give in and let these feelings have their way with her. 

Her hands reached down and tore at her hiking boots, socks and the remnants of her pants until she was totally naked. Without being told she knew what to do. She stretched across the altar binding her feet in the hard rubber manacles on one end. She lay back across the altar and began franticly feeding the large phallus into her womanly slot. It felt huge to her barely used pussy, but her hands didn't care as they fed more and more of the phallus inside her. 

Elsa felt stretched and filled like she never had before, but it was not like any of her other lovers. It was beyond anything she had ever felt, because she felt an energy filling her. She felt like it had some kind of power filling her to over flowing. Her whole body vibrated, resonating with power that centered in her womb. The phallus felt like a living thing inside her, taking possession of her and filling her with its carnal energy. 

Her mind forgot she was in the middle of a Mexican jungle, forgot she was in an ancient pyramid lying on an altar. In her mind this was the only man she ever truly desired finally making love to her. Her every thought was consumed with the craving for him to take her and thrust into her soft yielding sweetness. Her passion had come to life like a flower unfolding, blossoming into a dazzling magnificent spectacle. 

The energy centered on her G-Spot creating sensations beyond her minimal sexual experiences. In addition, she felt vibrations on her clit and as they combined she felt an erotic tension that threatened her sanity. Her body felt like an erotic bowstring being pulled back with an arrow notched and ready to let fly. As the erotic bowstring was stretched, the tension in her increased and she arched her back in erotic torment. She found it harder and harder to breathe as the tension grew, anticipating the point where her body would be set free. 

The anticipation gnawed at her, impatiently devouring her, wrenching open her heart and brutally laying bare her soul. Her whole body was on fire in a way that she never imagined and the carnal heat was merciless in its honesty and validity. She was spread open, vulnerable, with no parts remaining unseen or undiscovered. She imagined Ken hovering over her, threatening to taunt, taste, kiss, caress, bite or fuck her anyway he wanted. In her lust fogged mind she was his possession, his captive and she was his willing prisoner, waiting to be ravished. 

The tension and anticipation was excruciatingly intoxicating, with her mind being consumed by the fiery expectation. Elsa's body arched backwards over the altar emulating the stressed bow she had become. Her arms stretched over her head and slipped through the manacles at the top of the altar. As if by magic the manacles tightened on her wrists and ankles locking her in the perfect position. 

Her body was locked in an erotic arch with the phallus was pressed perfectly against her G-Spot as it began to vibrate. Elsa's eyes popped wide and her mouth hung open as the erotic power inside her was catapulted to a whole new level. She twisted and squirmed as the energy inside her grew to incomprehensible levels. Her arms and legs strained against her bonds as she fought to keep her sanity in face of the unrelenting lustful onslaught. 

There was another part of her mind that glorified her sexual bondage. She had always wanted to be taken and forced into carnal bliss. Now it was happening. She was the altars prisoner as it worked its sexual magic on her body. The helpless feeling only intensified the wanton heat rushing through her loins. She was powerless before the altars lewd and lustful control. She craved and needed more. Her body responded in ways she never imagined. The heat in her womb pushed away all doubts. She eagerly gave into her animal needs and desires. 

Her hips had a mind of their own as they began small thrusts pushing her lover's cock deeper into her love starved cunt. She couldn't move, she couldn't breathe and her mind was lost in the sensual overload. Fear and panic set in as the unrelenting wanton power continued to build. She knew if it continued she would explode and then suddenly the powerful lustful arrow was released. All the tension, pleasurable anticipation and expectations were all released in one singular moment. 

Elsa felt her mind burst in thousands of colorful fireworks at the same time her body cramped in rigid exultation. She finally understood why an orgasm was called a little death. Her mind seemed to leave her body and all rational thought abandoned her. The extraordinary, unparalleled pleasure took over her mind and body leaving her floating in a lustful fog. She screamed her frenzied elation until she was left euphorically breathless. 

Elsa's passionate scream was the signal for the group of locals to enter the pyramid. They began filing into the pyramid and then into the sacrificial chamber. They all took notice of the spectacular naked beauty in the throes of ecstasy strapped to the altar. They all took their respective place and began chanting to the emerging Moon Goddess. 

Elsa's heart beat wildly in her chest frantically pumping blood to all her euphorically stressed body. Her skin flushed red as the heat from her orgasm rippled through her body, but everything centered in the furnace between her legs. Cramping knots in her belly and womb forced her womanly nectar to drench the phallus inside her. Her passionate contractions forced her sexual honey out of her body with it collecting in the altar's channels below. The altar, it seemed, fed off of her womanly juices and the vibrations inside her only got stronger. 

Elsa had never felt anything like the fiery tsunami that took control of her body. As she was finally able to breathe again and her mind floated back to her, she felt the cock's vibrations increase her build towards another explosive cum. Fear started building inside her as wild pleasure began to build in her again. She felt out of control, as the intense pleasure ripped her minds power from her. The scientist inside her vanished and she was now a passionate, needy and erotic woman. 

She heard the villagers chanting in the background. She abruptly realized she was naked, bound to an altar in front of a crowd of people. Before she could be embarrassed the phallus inside her came alive and ripped all logical thought from her. The carnal passion controlled her and her body only seemed to want more. 

Never in her entire life had she experienced the unbelievable carnal pleasure that had just devastated her mind and body. She was afraid that she was losing herself, but she didn't have a choice, the bliss was too intoxicating. She was terrified that she couldn't stop, but she wanted more! Oh God she wanted more! Now it was starting again, building towards an even more devastating cum. The first orgasm had been devastating and now an even more powerful cum threatened her very sanity.  

In a panic she fought against her bonds trying to get away from the altar, but her arms and legs were trapped in the manacles and she couldn't move. The more she fought the excruciating bliss the more it grew until it was her entire world. As she explosively shattered again, more of her nectar poured into the channels, once again feeding the altar. 
