 Part 1: The Girls of District D 

Mike groggily walked out of the bathroom, applying shaving cream to his face as he made his way to the kitchen. The cream quickly eliminated this morning's stubble, leaving him completely clean-shaven without any effort on his part. He actually still preferred to use a razor, but according to Michelle "everyone who lives in an arcology uses shaving cream," and thus she didn't let him use his own shaving supplies whenever he spent the night at her place.

Unfortunately, all that spending the night entailed was sleeping on the sofa-bed in the living room. Mike and Michelle had been dating for a while, but so far the physical side of their relationship hadn't progressed beyond kissing. However, Mike was hopeful that this holding pattern would soon break.

Mike walked into the small kitchen, and ordered up some bacon and eggs with toast from the kitchen unit. While he waited for it to prepare his breakfast, he realized his throat was parched, and grabbed the glass of orange juice that was on the counter. Michelle had probably poured the glass for herself, but he could always get her a new one if she wanted.

When the kitchen unit announced his breakfast was ready, he took it and walked into the living room -- or what qualified as such in arcology housing on a student's budget. He hit the button on the side of the sofa-bed with the tip of his toe, and it neatly converted back into a sofa, after which he sat down.

"Good morning, sleepy-head," he heard Michelle call from behind him. She emerged from her bedroom wearing a loose fitting night-shirt, showing off her marvellous figure. Michelle was about one metre ninety, but her length didn't make her lanky in the slightest; in fact, she was still quite curvy. Her straight dark-brown hair hung down to just under her shoulder blades, and her eyes were a bright emerald green. Michelle's younger sister, Lucy, had confided in Mike that that was not Michelle's real eye colour; she had changed it because she felt her original hazel brown colour was too unremarkable amidst the scores of brown-eyed Japanese girls in the Tokyo Arcology.

With the top few buttons of her night-shirt left open, Mike was able to see the modest curve of her breasts, and even just a hint of nipple. They were only a mere B cup, but they did seem slightly fuller than two weeks ago. Two weeks ago; that was when Kimiko had made the proposal, and Mike still couldn't quite believe that Michelle had agreed to it. Not that he was complaining about it.

"Watch where your eyes are wandering," she said teasingly, but she made no effort to draw her shirt together. "There's no way it could be visible yet."

"I need to get good baseline data," Mike said with a lopsided grin on his face. "That way, we can confirm the changes logged in your biometric chip with visual inspection."

"Right, Professor," she replied. "Save the science for the lab, will you. Although... maybe a manual inspection would be warranted..." She began rubbing her breasts through the shirt, throwing her head back and moaning in an exaggerated fashion, leaving Mike to gape at her open-mouthed.

She stopped, and stuck out her tongue. "You are so easy to manipulate! That look on your face is priceless."

"Yeah, yeah, whatever," he said, shrugging as Michelle walked into the kitchen. He tried to appear nonchalant, but privately he was quite glad that the tray with his breakfast prevented Michelle from seeing what was going on beneath it.

After a few moments Michelle returned with her own breakfast, including a fresh glass of orange juice, quietly sitting down next to him on the couch. "Are you watching the weather report again?" she asked. "It's not as if we're going outside, you know."

"Force of habit," he said simply. Unlike Michelle, he hadn't grown up in the Tokyo Arcology, or any arcology for that matter. He was part of the ever-decreasing part of humanity that knew what it was like to see sky out the window.

"And speaking of habits," she said, gesturing at his breakfast tray. "Why are you still eating that crap? You're not in the English countryside anymore; this is Japan."

"Hey, there's no way I'm eating rice for breakfast! I need a good foundation to start the day. And besides, if you ate some bacon yourself once in a while, maybe you wouldn't need to go along with Kimiko's wild ideas," he said jokingly.

"Hah!" she exclaimed, jabbing a chopstick in his thigh. "If I ate like that, it'd all end up in my legs anyway. And we'd better hurry; you know how Professor Tamura gets when we're late to her class."

 ***