 The story so far

In the 23rd century, Mike is an information science student at the Tokyo Arcology International University, as the old University of Tokyo is now known. Originally from the English country-side, he is an exchange student living in the massive Tokyo Arcology. Arcologies are city-sized megastructures containing all the housing, industrial, food-processing and business facilities needed for their millions of inhabitants, and they have become quite common as the Earth struggles with overpopulation.

Mike met his girlfriend Michelle and her three friends Kimiko, Rose and Maaya at Professor Sayoko Tamura's class on genetic restructuring, which he had been taking to fill up his extra-curricular credits, and to meet more girls.

The four girls had recently started taking breast augmentation formula, a genetic restructuring agent aimed at enlarging bust size, provided by Kimiko's rich aunt. The completely flat Kimiko had always wanted larger breasts, and pressured her friends into joining her, much to Mike's delight.

All was fine until Professor Tamura—who is herself extremely endowed—asked them to take part in testing an experimental rejuvenation formula for the Madihi Fountain of Youth Labs in Casablanca, run by Professor Tamura's acquaintance Dr Bassir. The formula would provide them with additional strength, stamina, vitality, improved metabolism, heightened senses and increased libido, but at this experimental stage would not actually rejuvenate anyone yet. Although concerned about possible interactions between this formula and the breast augmentation formula, they are ensured there is no risk and all five of them—the girls and Mike—agree.

Everything seemed ordinary until two weeks later, when Michelle suddenly grew a full cup size in a matter of seconds, and Mike—who had unknowingly also ingested some breast augmentation formula by accident—noticed his dick seemed swollen. Though they were assured everything was fine after a medical check-up, Michelle remained worried about what was happening to their bodies.

Later that day, Kimiko's chest also grew, though much, much larger, witnessed by Mike. Overwhelmed by their lust, Mike and Kimiko had sex. After regaining their senses, the two of them confessed what had happened to Michelle, consumed by guilt.

The same evening, Rose and Maaya were watching a movie. After the movie, the tall Brazilian lesbian Rose unexpectedly made a move on the diminutive Japanese-Chinese girl. Fuelled by their own horny desires and Maaya's hidden crush on the tall girl, the two of them got it on, only for Maaya to start growing too, and not just her chest. Both Maaya and Rose grow taller, to around two metres fifty and two metres eighty respectively.

The next day, the five of them explained the situation to Professor Tamura. After deciding that the TAIU's medical facilities aren't equipped to deal with something like this, she decides to fly all of them over to Madihi Labs in Casablanca, Morocco, Africa.

After arriving in Casablanca—the richest city in the world—they are met by Dr Lina Bassir, the gorgeous daughter of the other Dr Bassir, her father who is in charge of Madihi Labs. She takes them to stay with her at her massive penthouse apartment in the old part of Casablanca, outside the arcology domes.

After a thorough medical check the Doctors Bassir and Professor Tamura assure the five of them that they are in no danger at present, and that they will be taken off the breast augmentation formula while they attempt to sort things out. Behind his daughter's and the professor's back, Dr Bassir actually increases the dosage of both formulas for the girls and Mike, eager to understand the growth as it may provide the breakthrough he's been looking for.

Mike has a midnight encounter with Lina in the bathroom, which results in an erotic dream about himself, Lina and Michelle, the two girls growing to immense proportions while having sex with him. This only deepens Mike's anxiety about his relationship with Michelle, and he wonders what the future will hold for them.

Part 4: Fifteen minutes of fame

Although she hadn't set an alarm, Lina still woke up at her usual time of 7:30. She used her implants to tell the house net to open the curtains, pushed aside the covers, and stretched luxuriously in the warm sunlight that flooded her room.

Although she really hated how her father was apparently excluding her from the work on the problems with the formula, she had to admit it was kind of nice to have a Friday off. Besides, showing her guests around Casablanca would be nice; she hadn't spent much time with friends recently, and based on last night's chat on the balcony, she could tell she'd get along great with Mike, Michelle, Rose, Maaya and Kimiko.

She absent-mindedly moved a hand over her dark skin, brushing a sensitive nipple in the process, which stood to attention almost immediately. Perhaps she should wait before starting breakfast a little bit. After all, her guests had been very tired last night, and even if they were awake she was sure they'd appreciate some time to themselves.

As one of the head scientists working on the rejuvenation project, she had seen the full report from yesterday's examination they'd undergone at the Madihi Labs, and all five of them had reported excessive horniness. It wouldn't surprise her if Mike and Michelle were having sex right now, which admittedly excited her. Or Rose and Maaya for that matter; she had quickly spotted how the Brazilian and the half-Japanese girl were attracted to each other yesterday, although apparently the rest of their friends hadn't noticed it yet.

Like her visitors, Lina had also been taking the experimental rejuvenation formula. Technically, it wasn't a real rejuvenation formula yet. It improved metabolism, strength, stamina, and had other secondary effects, but it couldn't actually provide eternal youth just yet. However, Lina knew they were close to a breakthrough, and she felt that whatever was happening to the others could provide some important information on how to further develop the formula.

That was however also the source of her worries. She respected her dad, but she also knew that the famous Dr Bassir sometimes forgot he was dealing with people when doing his experiments. She knew there was a chance he'd ignore their well-being if it would help his research, and the fact that he'd been so insistent that she'd take a few days off was not good news. At least Professor Tamura would be there to keep an eye on him, so she wasn't too concerned yet, but she was determined to return to work tomorrow, regardless of what her dad had said. She didn't think she could stay away more than a day.

One of the effects of the formula was a slightly increased libido, and while it was nothing like the horniness the others had experienced due to the combined effect of the rejuvenation formula and the breast augmentation formula, Lina was definitely feeling that. She had become all too aware lately of how long ago it was that she last shared this bed with anyone.

She smiled as she remembered the encounter with Mike earlier this morning. It had been a genuine mistake; she always slept nude, and living alone meant she didn't really pay attention to the door locks. But after what had happened, she vouched to keep "forgetting" to lock the bathroom for as long as her guests were staying here, at least at night. Sure, she'd acted cool—certainly more so than poor petrified Mike—but it had definitely got her blood pumping. She had masturbated herself to sleep afterwards, secretly imagining Mike followed her back to her room and took her right there with that huge—and growing—dick of his.

Of course, she realised that wouldn't happen, as he had Michelle, and she didn't want to come between them anyway. And Rose and Maaya had each other, as well. It was just her luck that the only single person in the group was a girl that, as far as she could tell, was entirely straight. Lina herself was bisexual, but although Kimiko had fawned over her dress—everyone always did with that dress—she had not shown any further interest. That left Professor Tamura, but Lina had no idea if she was interested in girls. Besides, if she could have her pick of the girls, it would be Michelle; tall and fair was more her type.

Despite knowing it could never be, she couldn't help but fantasise about it. She closed her eyes and moved one hand between her legs, while the other stayed at her breasts, squeezing and fondling them. In her mind, Michelle was kissing and stroking her body, while Mike put his huge cock to good use.

Lina kept it a fantasy, even though she'd gotten the full sensory simulation option on her implants a few months back. Although the company that produced them hyped the feature and called it "indistinguishable from real sensation," Lina had been really disappointed with it. It really only worked with pre-recorded scenarios; if she created one on the fly she found the simulated feelings were like a ghost touch, or the memory of a touch, and a far cry from the real thing. When it came to sexual stimulation, her imagination could do just as well, if not better, than the implants.

When her ministrations brought her over the edge, she bit down on her lower lip to prevent the squeal that desperately wanted to escape her mouth from getting out. The walls of her apartment were thick, but not entirely sound proof. Back when she still shared it, she'd heard the muffled sounds of sex from other rooms often enough; but she had also produced those sounds for her roommates to hear, so she couldn't complain.

After she finished, she went to take a shower, making sure to wear a towelling robe for the trip to the bathroom and to lock the door; in full daylight, it'd just be awkward if someone walked in. She also used a different bathroom, as her flat had four of them; the one she'd used last night was closest to her room, and the one she normally used; the previous owner had unfortunately turned the master bathroom which should've been attached to her room into a huge closet. She'd asked the staff to clean and stock all the bathrooms yesterday before her guests arrived, to minimise how often they'd get in each other's way.

By the time she was dressed and started ordering the kitchen units to prepare breakfast, the first of her temporary housemates finally emerged. Kimiko walked in to the kitchen, looking a bit dishevelled.

"Good morning, Kimiko," Lina said, smiling. "Did you sleep well?"

"Alright, I guess," Kimiko yawned, stretching, an action that stretched the oversized men's shirt she had been wearing since yesterday dangerously tight over her huge bust, threatening to tear off the buttons. "Whose idea was it that we couldn't take jetlag pills, again?"

"I'm sure you'll adjust soon enough." Lina replied, eying the massive chest.

"Easy for you to say, you didn't just cross nine time zones." She walked up to the kitchen counter. "Need any help?"

"Yeah, if you could take the plates and cutlery outside... we'll have breakfast on the deck."

"You rich people and your outside," Kimiko joked. "Nothing wrong with an arcology hallway, I say."

"Didn't Mike say he grew up outside an arcology? And he's not rich."

"No, but he's a country bumpkin, that's what." She stuck out her tongue.

Lina watched with growing amusement as Kimiko picked up the stack of plates and first tried to hold it in front of and then on either side of her humongous breasts. At least they seemed roughly the same size as yesterday—about the size of overripe watermelons. If they had grown, it wasn't much, which was good. Lina knew some additional growth would be inevitable, but she was hoping they could keep it within reasonable bounds before a solution was found. Not that further growth wouldn't be exciting to see, she just knew it wouldn't be practical.

"Are you alright there?" Lina asked, laughing.

"Wait, wait, I got this," Kimiko replied, finally settling on holding the stack in front of her face, resting it on the shelf of her breasts. "There, that'll work, I guess. Professor Tamura is going to have to give me lessons on how to deal with big breasts!"

Kimiko walked outside, and Lina followed carrying two trays with salads and fruit, putting all the items on the large teak table on the balcony. They went back and forth a few times, adding more fruit and various types of bread, as well as cheeses and jams.

"There, a nice Continental/Mediterranean breakfast," Lina said when they got everything. "I hope that's okay. If you want rice or waffles or something else, I can get it from the kitchen unit if you want."

"Nah, this is fine," Kimiko said, sitting down on a chair, and putting some food from the trays on her plate.

It wasn't long before they were joined by Michelle and Mike. The way Mike avoided Lina's gaze told her immediately that he remembered their encounter, but she just smiled innocuously and played innocent. Unless he asked her, she wouldn't say.

"Good morning. No one else awake yet?" Michelle asked as she sat down.

"The professor's awake," Lina said. "I saw her earlier after I took a shower, but I think she was working in her room. I'll send her a message that we've started breakfast."

"Rose and Maaya are awake too, I think," Kimiko said, sniggering a little.

"Did you see them?" Michelle asked.

"Not see, no. But there was some... noise from their room as I walked by it."

Just then, Tamura opened the balcony door and joined them. "Noise from what now?"

"Nothing, Professor," Kimiko said quickly.

"You were working already, Professor?" Michelle asked, changing the topic.

"Yeah," she said as she got some food. "My whole schedule's been thrown in disarray with this unexpected trip, and then there's the stuff I have to do for Madihi. The sooner we can find out how to fix your problems, the better. Have any of you checked the net this morning?"

"No, why?" Mike asked.

"You've gone viral."

"What?" Michelle blurted, and immediately checked the video feeds in her social stream. "Oh god, it's true."

She forwarded the video links to all of them, and together they watched clips of Rose and Maaya's rather spectacular entrance to the Tokyo Arcology's transport tubes yesterday, and some close-ups of Kimiko's large breasts. There were further videos form Haneda Airport and their transfer in Amsterdam. One clip was recorded from the vantage point of someone Kimiko had bumped into, and the comments on the video were full of people proclaiming him the luckiest man alive. Those were some of the nicer comments, as many of the threads devolved into discussions of which of the girls they'd like to fuck most.

"Damn, even I'm mentioned in the comments a few times," Michelle said. "You'd think nobody would notice me next to those three."

"I'm mentioned too," Mike said, scowling. "Mostly they're asking what I did to deserve being in your presence."

"Check the title of this video," Lina said, amused. "Giant Girls in Tokyo: Human or Hoax?"

"So, you've seen the videos, I take it," Rose said as she and Maaya finally joined them, crouching under the door coming out of the apartment. "We're the top story on just about every social aggregator."

"Jesus wept," Mike said, burying his face in his hands. "We're such idiots. Half the people who saw us yesterday must've been recording with their retinal implants."

"In retrospect, it was rather inevitable," Tamura agreed.

"I think it's cool," Rose said. "We're famous."

"Well, you always were an exhibitionist," Kimiko joked.

Michelle scratched her neck. "Not much we can do about it now, anyway. I guess we'd better keep a low profile while we're here, so people can't link us to Madihi. Even more so if we keep growing."

"Actually, we might want to do the opposite," Tamura said. "No offense, Lina, but your father tends to get a bit over-excited, and with the huge implications of what's happening here I'm afraid he'd end up using the lot of you as guinea pigs. But if the world is watching, he can't do anything overt."

"Yeah, you're right," Lina mused. "I was worried about that too."

"I don't get it," Mike said. "Surely we're just a mistake he has to fix? Why would he get excited about that?"

"There's more to it than that," Lina said. "What's happening to you could be very important to the project."

"How so?" Michelle asked.

"Well, you know the basic concept of rejuvenation is quite simple, even if it's hard to do in practice. Over a lifetime, the body replaces its cells countless times, and each time the cells and DNA deteriorate a little, which is the cause of aging. The idea of rejuvenation is to reverse engineer a person's DNA back to a younger state, before the flaws occurred, and then use a genetic restructuring retro-virus to revert your cell structure. Your body will then replace its cells with new, younger versions.

"However, that takes a long time. We estimate a full rejuvenation would take maybe eighteen months, and it would be very stressful on your body, not very pleasant. That's where the formula we're testing now comes in; it helps the body cope with the transformation. But it'll still be a long, unpleasant transition."

"So you'd take this stuff at, say, age sixty, and over the course of a year-and-a-half you'd regress to age twenty, then start aging normally again?" Rose asked.

"Exactly," Lina replied. "But your bodies have been producing new cells at a phenomenal rate these past few days. Imagine if we could use that; the de-aging process would take weeks, maybe even days, rather than more than a year."

"And that's not all," Tamura interjected. "We've never seen a body produce so much tissue at such a high rate before, certainly not healthy tissue. Yet it is perfectly healthy, without any of the replication errors you'd expect for such a high rate of cell reproduction. If we can determine how your bodies are accomplishing that, we may even discover how to avoid the problem of cell aging entirely."

"And even if none of that works and rejuvenation is a dud, it could still be worth a fortune," Lina continued. "The breast augmentation you were taking is limited to a few cup sizes; any more and the strain on your body becomes too great. It also takes quite a long time to work. Height augmentation formula is even more limited. However, if Madihi Labs figures out how to make a formula that could give you the figure you've always dreamed of in time for tomorrow's big date, we'd completely crush the competition when it comes to cosmetic genetic augmentation."

"I can see why you'd be excited," Maaya said. She'd always known that even if she could've afforded height augmentation formula, it would've given her ten centimetres at most; certainly not the more than a metre she'd gained now.

"But that is no reason to exploit your situation," Tamura said. "And we'll have to make sure Dr Bassir remembers that. Some publicity would help with that."

"So, we'll go prancing about Casablanca today?" Rose asked, rubbing her hands. "I'll make sure to wear something skimpy."

***

The plan for the morning was shopping, Lina declared. While Tamura headed to Madihi Labs for work, the remaining six of them took the Rolls Royce back into the arcology. The old car headed underneath the domes, using the road network that crisscrossed underground. The tunnels were indistinguishable from one another, giving you no idea where you were, but since the car drove itself you didn't really need to know.

While they were driving over, Mike quickly checked ECNN's news feed, featuring as always Mary O'Shea, Mike's favourite red-headed busty news anchor. There was some of the usual stuff: rising tensions between the Eurasian Union and China over birth control laws, the USA was announcing tentative plans for mining helium-3 from the atmosphere of Jupiter, and French separatists—a small minority who wanted France to secede from the Eurasian Union, calling themselves the "Frau-revoir" movement—had mounted a protest that got out of hand in Paris. However, despite their overwhelming coverage on the social streams, Mike was somewhat surprised, and perhaps relieved, to find that the "Giant Girls" had not yet caught the attention of the mainstream news feeds.
