 The story so far

In the 23rd century, Mike is an information science student at the Tokyo Arcology International University, as the old University of Tokyo is now known. Originally from the English country-side, he is an exchange student living in the massive Tokyo Arcology. Arcologies are city-sized megastructures containing all the housing, industrial, food-processing and business facilities needed for their millions of inhabitants, and they have become quite common as the Earth struggles with overpopulation.

Mike met his girlfriend Michelle and her three friends Kimiko, Rose and Maaya at Professor Sayoko Tamura's class on genetic restructuring, which he had been taking to fill up his extra-curricular credits, and to meet more girls.

The four girls had recently started taking breast augmentation formula, a genetic restructuring agent aimed at enlarging bust size, provided by Kimiko's rich aunt. The completely flat Kimiko had always wanted larger breasts, and pressured her friends into joining her, much to Mike's delight.

Everything was fine until Professor Tamura—who is herself extremely endowed—asked them to take part in testing an experimental rejuvenation formula for the Madihi Fountain of Youth Labs in Casablanca, run by Professor Tamura's acquaintance Dr Bassir. The formula would provide them with additional strength, stamina, vitality, improved metabolism, heightened senses and increased libido, but at this experimental stage would not actually rejuvenate anyone yet. Although concerned about possible interactions between this formula and the breast augmentation formula, they are ensured there is no risk and all five of them—the girls and Mike—agree.

Everything seemed ordinary until two weeks later, when Michelle suddenly grew a full cup size in a matter of seconds, and Mike—who had unknowingly also ingested some breast augmentation formula by accident—noticed his dick seemed swollen. Though they were assured everything was fine after a medical check-up, Michelle remained worried about what was happening to their bodies.

Later that day, Kimiko's chest also grew, though much, much larger, witnessed by Mike. Overwhelmed by their lust, Mike and Kimiko had sex. After regaining their senses, the two of them confessed what had happened to Michelle, consumed by guilt.

The same evening, Rose and Maaya were watching a movie. After the movie, the tall Brazilian lesbian Rose unexpectedly made a move on the diminutive Japanese-Chinese girl. Fuelled by their own horny desires and Maaya's hidden crush on the tall girl, the two of them got it on, only for Maaya to start growing too, and not just her chest. Both Maaya and Rose grow taller, to around two metres fifty and two metres eighty respectively.

The next day, the five of them explained the situation to Professor Tamura. After deciding that the TAIU's medical facilities aren't equipped to deal with something like this, she decides to fly all of them over to Madihi Labs in Casablanca, Morocco, Africa.

After arriving in Casablanca—the richest city in the world—they are met by Dr Lina Bassir, the gorgeous daughter of the other Dr Bassir, her father who is in charge of Madihi Labs. She takes them to stay with her at her massive penthouse apartment in the old part of Casablanca, outside the arcology domes.

After a thorough medical check, the Doctors Bassir and Professor Tamura assure the five of them that they are in no danger at present, and that they will be taken off the breast augmentation formula while they attempt to sort things out. Behind his daughter's and the professor's back, Dr Bassir actually increases the dosage of both formulas for the girls and Mike, eager to understand the growth as it may provide the breakthrough he's been looking for.

Mike has a midnight encounter with Lina in the bathroom, which results in an erotic dream about himself, Lina and Michelle, the two girls growing to immense proportions while having sex with him. This only deepens Mike's anxiety about his relationship with Michelle, and he wonders what the future will hold for them.

When Mike and the girls realise that their public appearances have generated a lot of attention, they hope that the spotlight will prevent Dr Bassir from doing anything too overtly bad to them. However, even as they create more attention by flaunting their new bodies in public, the mainstream media refuses to mention them at all, pressured by the North African Conglomerate and Dr Bassir, and no one is linking their presence in Casablanca to Madihi Labs, which is necessary for their plan to work.

Professor Tamura calls on an old friend, Mary O'Shea, a news reporter for the European Central News Network on-demand feed. She comes to Casablanca to interview Mike and the girls, but not before Kimiko has another growth spurt in public, the result of the increased formula dosage Dr Bassir has been giving them in secret. During the interview, the same thing happens to Rose, who grows even taller during the live broadcast.

Lina discovers that sexual arousal is one of the prerequisites for growth, and Dr Bassir wants to test this theory by adding horniness-inducing chemicals to the food prepared by Lina's kitchen unit without her knowledge. Lina also believes that in order to grow, the person also has to want to grow, but her father dismisses that hypothesis.

That evening, Mike, Michelle, Maaya, Kimiko, Rose, Lina and Professor Tamura, as well as their guests Mary and her assistant Dylan, are all exposed to the horniness-inducing chemicals. Their rising desires lead to a sex-filled night in and around the hot tub, with Kimiko growing truly titanic breasts and Maaya, Rose and Michelle all growing into mini-giantesses.

During this night, Dylan gets it on with Kimiko, who he'd always had a crush on from her days as a professional swimmer. Mike gets an opportunity to prove himself to Michelle as he refuses Maaya's lust-fuelled advances, and Lina joins Mike and Michelle for a threesome of sorts. Michelle proves to Lina that wanting to grow definitely is part of the process, as she shows she can control it quite well.

Unfortunately, the night ends prematurely when all are knocked out cold by a gas grenade. Mike and the girls are taken away by Dr Bassir so he can experiment on them without scrutiny, and the others are left behind.

Part 5: Outgrown

It was already light out by the time Lina woke up, and she found herself lying on top of the covers on her bed. Her whole body felt sore, no doubt from the exertions of the previous night. Especially from when she'd been bouncing on top of Michelle's tit while the giantess fucked Mike, she remembered fondly.

She wasn't entirely sure how it had happened, but last night had been by far the best night of her life. Seeing all the girls grow to such extreme proportions was just so unbelievably hot. The two giantesses Rose and Maaya making out... Dylan getting overtaken by Kimiko's absurd chest... then finally Michelle's stunning beauty as she grew both bustier and taller, and Lina's own participation in that.

Really, her only regret was that she hadn't been able to join in the growing. It seemed to feel so good to them, and she wanted to know what it was like. Perhaps one day she'd be able to experience that as well.

Her hands caressed her dark skin as she recalled the previous night. Her excitement rose as she replayed the events in her head: lying underneath Michelle's massive tits, riding on top of them, all of them falling over after Mike came, and then...

Wait, what happened after that? Lina sat up straight in bed as she suddenly realised she had no memories beyond that point. She didn't even know how she'd gotten in bed. And why was she on top of the covers anyway, rather than under them?

Come to think of it, it was beyond weird she was in bed alone. Why wouldn't she be sleeping with Mike and Michelle after an experience like that? Had something happened to make them not want to be with her anymore?

Frustrated that she couldn't remember, Lina got up. She ordered the curtains open, and sunlight streamed into her room, caressing her bare skin. She couldn't enjoy it this time, the gap in her recollections was bothering her too much.

She strode out of the room, still naked, her heavy Double-Ds bouncing with every step. After yesterday, she didn't exactly feel the need to be modest anymore in the presence of her new friends.

The house was quiet. She walked to the living room, and found it empty. The deck was equally deserted; the chairs and table were strewn about, a result of the activities that had taken place there, and the hot tub was still open, but there was no sign of life.

Lina was starting to get worried. She'd been expecting at least Rose, Maaya and Kimiko to be asleep on the floor in the living room or something, since they hardly still fit in their beds, or even their rooms for that matter. However, there was no one there.

She walked back out of the living room, and stopped at the door to Mike and Michelle's room. She couldn't hear any sound from inside; could her gorgeous giant friend and her boyfriend really just be asleep in there?

She knocked, and when there was no answer, she opened the door. The room was just as empty as the rest of the house so far. She couldn't tell if it'd been used; the covers were messy, but she knew Mike and Michelle had had sex before the interview with Mary, and it was unlikely anyone had made the bed since then.

She checked Rose and Maaya's room next, but it was deserted too. She then looked in Kimiko's room, feeling somewhat foolish; there was no way the Japanese girl's chest could've fit through that door. Unsurprisingly, she wasn't there.

Now Lina was really worried. Kimiko was immobilised by her giant chest, and even if Rose and Maaya had carried her, she couldn't have left the house. She wouldn't have fit through the door, or in the elevator.

Lina was almost beginning to wonder if the last couple of days had just been some kind of weird dream when she opened Professor Tamura's door and found the busty green-haired scientist sleeping, lying on her side, also on top of the covers and naked.

"Sayoko!" She called as she shook the sleeping woman's shoulder, causing minor quakes in her massive J cups.

"Lina, what are you..." Sayoko began groggily. Then, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and sat up, causing even more jiggling action. "How did I get here?"

"You don't remember?" Lina asked, a note of panic in her voice.

Sayoko shook her head. "No... the last thing I recall is having sex with Rose and Maaya, nothing beyond that." She frowned, concentrating. "No, actually, I remember my head getting heavy. I must've passed out, I presume. Did someone carry me here?"

"Not me. I woke up in the same state as you, and I haven't found anyone else yet."

Sayoko looked alarmed. "No one?"

"I haven't checked Mary's or Dylan's room yet, but there's no trace of the others."

Sayoko shook her head, confused. "How could Kimiko have left?" She wondered. "She would've needed to be airlifted from the building."

"That's what I was thinking. It makes no sense!"

The two of them went over to Mary O'Shea's room, and they found the red-headed Irish news anchor sleeping peacefully, her large chest rising and falling with each breath. When woken, she was equally clueless about what had happened. Dylan was in much the same state in his room; the normally shy guy was much too distressed by the news of the others' disappearance to even be embarrassed by three beautiful naked ladies in his room, while he was equally nude.

"Kimiko's gone?" He asked, his voice shaking. "And the others?"

"It seems so," Sayoko said.

"This is ridiculous," Lina said. "I'm calling Michelle."

She instructed her implants to place a call to Michelle's net address. A text message flashed in her vision: user disconnected.

"It says she's not connected," Lina said incredulously. Not being connected was virtually impossible in today's world.

"Try Mike or Kimiko," Sayoko offered. "There's a good chance Michelle's implants have become misaligned due to her growth, much like what happened to Maaya before. She would not be able to take the call if that's the case."

Lina first tried calling Mike, then Kimiko. When that failed, she tried Maaya and Rose for good measure, but the result was the same in each case: user disconnected.

"They're all disconnected," Lina said, bewildered.

"That's ridiculous," Mary said, shaking her head. "They wouldn't be disconnected if they'd gone to the moon."

The four of them left Dylan's room, and walked to the living room, hoping to find clues there.

"Either they died, or someone is deliberately blocking their implants from connecting to the net," Sayoko said. "The same person is probably responsible for their disappearance, and our lacking memories."

"But who would want to do that?" Dylan asked. "Someone who saw our interview?"

Lina stopped in front of them and spun around abruptly, which sent her boobs swinging. "Or it could be the obvious candidate," she said sourly. "I'm calling him."

"Lina, surely your father wouldn't..." Sayoko began, but Lina stopped her by raising her hand.

"It's an automated message," she said. "I'll share it with you."

All four of them watched as a recording of Dr Bassir responded to Lina's call.

"My dear Lina," he began. "I'm sure by now you've noticed that your friends are no longer at your apartment. I'm sorry that I needed to take such drastic action, but I felt it was necessary for the safety of your friends, and that of others."

Lina was fuming. It really was him! He kidnapped them!

"Last night demonstrated that it's not safe to let your friends loose in the world until their problem has been resolved," the recording continued. "If they were to grow at an inopportune time, it could pose a danger to themselves and others. We have therefore moved them to a safe location, where we can make sure no harm comes to them, and they cannot harm anyone else.

"Your friends have also shown last night that they cannot control their impulses, and at their current size the risk is just too great if they were to become aroused in public and would decide to act on it, even if there is no further growth. We also need to make sure they stay out of the media's eye to avoid creating a mass panic. That is why I was left no choice but take this course of action.

"Rest assured your friends are safe and sound. For their security, I will not disclose their location, and because I feel you and Professor Tamura have lost your impartiality on this matter due to your closeness to the subjects, I have no choice but to remove you from the project.

"I'm sorry, my dear. I hope you can forgive me. In time, you will appreciate that what I did was for the best."

Lina's face was contorted with rage. "What the actual fuck!?" She shouted. "He kidnapped my friends!? And that's supposed to be for the best? I'll never forgive him!"

"That asshole," Mary said angrily.

"I can't reach him either," Sayoko said. "I get a similar message when I call him. He seems to have made himself unavailable to us."

"What the fuck!?" Lina said again, sitting down on the couch and dropping her head into her hands. "What does he think he's going to do without me, anyway? It's my fucking formula! I did most of the work creating it!"

"Calm down, please," Sayoko pleaded, putting a hand on Lina's shoulder. "I know you're upset, we all are, but we have to stay calm and figure this out."

Lina looked up at her. "Oh, I'll figure this out," she said, determined. "I'll figure out where he's taken them, get them out of there, and get the whole lot of them arrested."

"That may be difficult," Sayoko said. "Your father obviously has a lot of support in the Conglomerate to even be able to do this."

"I don't care. He's going to pay for this one way or another."

"There is one thing we can do," Mary said brightly. "We can expose him! I'll run a piece on him as soon as I can, and then everyone will know what he's truly like. He won't be able to show his face anywhere after this."

"Yeah!" Dylan exclaimed excitedly. He was as eager as the others to do something, probably because he wanted to see Kimiko again.

"Hold on, let me call my work," Mary said. They watched her as she made the call with her implants, her face turning more and more angry as time passed.

"What's wrong?" Dylan asked, worried.

"I've been fired," Mary answered after she finished the call, exasperated. "The idiots actually fired me. For holding an unauthorised interview and showing nudity on a live feed, apparently. Yeah right, like ECNN hasn't shown worse."

"Obviously, you were fired because my dad pulled some strings," Lina said sourly.

"Precisely so I couldn't do what I was about to do, I'm sure," Mary said, scratching her head. "So much for that idea."

"Not quite," Dylan said brightly, and they all looked at him in surprise. "Who needs ECNN? You're the famous one, Mary. You broadcast that interview yesterday not just through ECNN, but also from your own feed. That video has already been watched almost five billion times! Your social stream has far more followers than ever before! If you expose Dr Bassir yourself, the world will listen, even if you're not part of a network anymore."

"Yeah... you're right," Mary said slowly. "I'll start working on that!"

"Meanwhile, I'll use the workstation in my study to see how much access I still have," Lina said. "I just tried it, and it looks like my Madihi Labs employee code is still valid, I've just been removed from the rejuvenation project. I'm pretty sure I'll be able to retrieve most of the current project data, if I still have access to Madihi's net, especially if I call in some favours. I still have friends there!"

"Good idea," Sayoko said. "We need to find out where they were taken, and we should also continue our own research on the formula. We may be able to find something we can use against your father, or at least, something we can use to ensure our friends' safety if your father does anything bad to them."

"Does anyone mind if I eat something?" Dylan asked, looking embarrassed to have brought it up. "I don't think I can help much right now, and I'm starving. Last night took a lot out of me."

"Out of all of us," Mary agreed. She looked at the table outside. "Plenty of leftovers from dinner, it seems. That roast beef should be good cold, and I could use some protein."

"That doesn't seem like a bad idea," Sayoko nodded. "We can't work as effectively when we're hungry."

"Feel free," Lina said. "I can't think about eating right now. I'll catch you later." She left for her study room as the others began to gather the food from outside.

***

Mike was woken up when someone banged on his door. He opened his eyes, confused and dazed.

He found he was in a featureless, mostly white room. It contained the bed he was in, a single side table with a lamp on it, and a closet containing what looked like some of his clothes. He tried to remember how he'd got here, or even where he was, but nothing was forthcoming.

He sat up when the door opened, apprehensive of who might be behind it. Much to his relief, it was Michelle, his now giant girlfriend crouching in front of the opening.

"There you are," she said, a worried expression on her face.

Mike's heart skipped several beats when he saw the gorgeous giantess. Most of her was hidden by the doorframe, but what he could see... her beautiful green eyes looked at him, her face even more stunning at this size. He could see the swell of her enormous, bare chest, each huge tit easily bigger than him, as she crouched to look into the room.

"What's going on?" He asked her. "Where are we?" He got up and started walking over to her, only to find his enlarged, flaccid penis slapping awkwardly against his legs.
