 Chapter 5 

It had been a long day and they still haven't gotten to the fun parts yet. The whole day had been spent organizing the teams, mapping the pyramid, and laying out search grid patterns. Professor Connors brain was numb and his body exhausted as they trudged back to base camp. It was only after Professor Connors counted heads around dinner that he realized Elsa was missing. 

He smacked himself in the head, realizing his stupidity. He knew she was good in the field, but he should have checked on her and her progress. He realized that his excitement and exhaustion had left his head spinning. He dropped his plate of food and quickly walked over to the survey crew. He began questioning them about Elsa's whereabouts and he got the same answer from everyone. She had laid out their work schedule and then wandered off with a group of locals that seem to be leading her somewhere. 

They worked all day without seeing Elsa. She never appeared for lunch and they just continued their work thinking she was doing some archaeological stuff. When darkness began to fall they assumed she had headed back to the base camp and took off. Professor Connor looked at them as if they were crazy. Elsa had been gone all day and they never bothered to communicate with her or try and find her. 

Ken shook his head and muttered under his breath, "Idiots." With fury written across his face and in his voice he addressed the group, "We're in the jungle and nobody goes anywhere alone. You all knew that so why did you just leave her to fend for herself?" 

All the workers look sheepish, but none of them bothered to answer his inquiry. The most incredible woman he'd ever known was lost in a forest because of these idiots. He had to find her and he had to find her quickly, before something horrible happened. He stomped back and forth for a few seconds with steam coming out of his ears. He stopped and took a couple of breaths, before grabbing one of the security rifles. Ken checked to make sure the rifle was loaded and turned back to the sheepish survey team. 

Ken grabbed the two leads of the survey crew, along with flashlights and water. They all headed back to the pyramid to try and find Elsa. By the time they got to the pyramid night was in full swing and he didn't remember the night ever being so black. Only small slivers of moonlight made it through the trees and revealed any of the details around them. 

As a professor burst into a small clearing around the pyramid, the moonlight revealed some movement, of what looked like people, disappearing into the forest. Their flashlights cut through the blackness, but created eerie shadows that added a spooky feel to the place. As the shadows played around the pyramid Ken wasn't sure which visions were real and which ones played with his mind. 

The survey crew lead walked around and showed the professor the path that Elsa took with the natives. They found large numbers of footprints that seemed to go everywhere. There was not a pattern, nor a location specific to any of the footprints. They did find some footprints that congregated around one corner of the pyramid, but they led to a solid wall. 

Everyone spent the next couple of hours combing in and around the pyramid looking for any sign of Elsa. They couldn't find any signs and it was like she had just vanished into the forest. Professor Connors had assumed he had years mentoring Elsa and they could enjoy their friendship for a long time to come. She was the only woman he'd ever met that truly understood him and was smart enough to keep up with him. All the other women had been brief moments of fun. 

Finally they had searched every speck of ground around the pyramid that they could locate in the dark and they moved to searching the forest. Tracks led everywhere and the forest was so thick it was virtually impossible to find anything. They gave it a halfhearted effort, but everyone knew they would have to wait until daylight for any serious search. Finally Professor Connors called off the search and began their trek back to the camp but on his way back all he could think about was Elsa. 

He was Elsa's mentor, her friend, they bonded on so many levels and he was responsible for her on this trip. She was so young and in many ways innocent. He felt very comfortable and protective of her, but he was still unsure of his feelings about her. As strong as his feelings were for her, he couldn't take it to the next level and he wondered what was wrong with him. She was the almost perfect woman for him, but as superficial as it sounds he needed a hot, rocking, blistering body in his bed. 

As a rock star in the archaeological community he was used to having the sexiest most vivacious women throwing themselves at him. He loved taking a petulant, haughty, scorching hot woman and peeling away all those layers from her as he reduced her to a pure sexual animal. Over the years he developed the techniques, but more importantly the patience to worship at the temple of a woman's body until she surrendered completely to him. 

When she concedes herself to him is when she is the most open and vulnerable. It's that moment that he can see into her very soul and tell who she really is. At that moment he feels almost godlike as they both see her heart and soul. That moment is pivotal in a man and woman's, however brief, relationship. Will they connect feeling each other's hearts joining as one or will there be no connection, with this being a one night stand? So far that lasting connection has never been made. However, he still gave every woman a night of blazing sex that she will always remember. With each conquest his reputation as an incredible lover continued to grow. 

Elsa was his perfect female friend and in his way he loved her, but he never could get past her plain and dowdy appearance. There were times he wondered if he was just being too superficial, but for something to work he knew there had to be at least a little bit of animal attraction. Physical intimacy and sex were very important part of any relationship and it just wasn't there with Elsa. Still there was an attraction and a connection between them that he couldn't deny and if he could get past the physical part there might be something for them. 

The group finally made it back to the camp and everybody immediately turned in trying to get what little sleep they had still available to them. Professor Connors knew he needed to sleep in his body was aching for some recovery time, but he couldn't get Elsa out of his mind and slept fitfully. 

Chapter 6 

Ix Chel glided through the jungle like a sensuous phantom. All the women guiding her to the village seemed to blend in with the forest, but not the moon goddess. It was if the plants and trees knew who was passing. They seemed to part in front of her and clear a path for the goddess. When the plants parted they also opened the sky for the goddess to be bathed in moonlight. 

Her white skin and even whiter vestments seemed to glow almost ghostlike as she drifted through the forest. The moon stones on her wrist and ensconced in her navel shown like beacons in the night guiding the way. If any of the natives had a doubt that this was their moon goddess, watching her float through the forest would have dispelled any suspicions. 

For Ix Chel the power of the moonlight soaking through her exposed skin made her feel heady as the sensual dynamics built inside her. She held her head high proudly reveling in the sensual beauty of this body. There were many times her people have called her and generally the bodies she must use during her earthly forays are only functional. However, this body is strong, athletic, sensual and passionate. She felt like she finally she has a body worthy of her status and beauty. 

This is the kind of physique built for making love. The thought of having men worship at her earthly altar filled her with long awaited desire. She had a lot of work to do, but part of that work was to teach about love and she needed to teach Elsa what her heart and body are capable of. At least that's how she justified it to herself. 

Ix Chel was full of love and lust. Spending all of her time in a mystical state was mentally and spiritually satisfying, but she was in a frozen wasteland and longed for a physical and emotional connection. Despite what everyone espoused, nothing in the universe is nearly as fulfilling as a man and a woman making love. When a man and a woman connect with an emotional, spiritual and physical connection the heavens explode and magnificent grandeur rains on the earth. 

Even in the world of gods and goddesses the explosion of intoxicating bliss between a man and a woman is priceless. This one of the few things Ix Chel missed while in her spiritual state. Sex between a man and woman is astoundingly special, but when you add love in the mix it becomes ethereal. While the act itself is physical the act of joining mind, heart, soul and body becomes a metaphysical union unlike anything in the universe. 

Ix Chel was going to take full advantage of her time in this body to experience the passion between a man and a woman. She wanted to feel a man thrusting inside her and shooting his seed inside her. She yearned for a man that will worship her and make love to her until her legs quivered with blissful exhaustion. In searching Elsa's memories she knew that such a man existed very close by. 

They broke out of the forest into a clearing that was the boundary to the village. People lined the walkway bowing as Ix Chel regally glided by. She heard many people gasp as Elsa's sultry body gave her an even more majestically royal look. She proudly acknowledged their expressions of wonderment with a slight nod of her head. 

She was eventually led through the village to their community structure where all the pregnant women of the village awaited her arrival. The room was full and Ix Chel knew her work was cut out for her. She had a long night ahead. 

Elsa watched from her confinement inside her own body. The walk through the forest amazed her. It was as if all the limbs, leaves and even grass moved aside to let them pass. Not a single piece of foliage snagged or grabbed at her body as they passed. Elsa also felt Ix Chel's power consolidate and build inside her body as the moonlight bathed her. 

As the goddess's power consolidated inside her, she also felt a sensual heat. The Goddess had an arrogance that she expected of a deity. Elsa could feel the list of duties the goddess had to perform during her brief time on earth. However, the goddess seemed to relish the opportunity to be released from her godly duties. The Goddess's desires spread her carnal passion throughout Elsa's body. 

As she felt goddess's fleshly yearnings build Elsa felt her body respond. She felt anxious butterflies in her stomach, while her nipples hardened and her cleft became slick with need. Elsa realized that the goddess was very horny and relished the chance to make love. She could tell the goddess wanted to feel a man worshiping at the altar of her body. Likewise, Elsa wanted to feel the erotic hotness of a man making love to her, but only if was Ken Connors. 

As they emerged into the clearing and all of the villagers began bowing to her. Elsa felt a little giddy. People were treating her like a deity and it sent chills down her back. Ix Chel also relayed her glorious feelings about the entrance. She thanked Elsa for allowing the use of her sensuous and regal physique. She let Elsa know that this was the first time in centuries that she had use of a body that made her look and feel like the sensual Goddess is really is. 

If Elsa had been able to she would have blushed. Having a Goddess gush about how beautiful she is and what a magnificent figure she has was eye-opening. She remembered how she looked in the mirror in a sacrificial chamber. Even she had to admit she looked unbelievably beautiful and exquisitely luscious. However, Elsa just thought it was the makeup and clothes. Ix Chel seemed to think it was her and not the clothes or the makeup. 

Elsa began to see herself differently. The Goddess inside her glorified her beauty and she began to see the stunning radiance she projected. She knew it was her body and face, but the sparkle seemed to come from the Goddesses dignity. Elsa wondered if she could ever have that that kind of self confidence and poise. 

Ix Chel was listening to Elsa's internal thoughts and knew that this gorgeous woman needed some lessons on realizing her potential. Those lessons also needed to include how to use the stunning physical gifts she had been given and reveling in her sexuality. Ix Chel turned her thoughts to all the people waiting for her in the community hut. This was why the village had called to her and her job was to help the new mothers and young lovers. 

There were about 20 women on straw mats waiting for her arrival all in various stages of pregnancy. Ix Chel started with the expectant mothers that were the farthest along. She laid her hands on the extended belly of the first mother and communed with the baby. She spent a half an hour with the first mother and found everything perfect. However, in the next mother she found the baby was breach. Ix Chel spent the three hours coaxing the baby to move into the proper delivery position. 

While she silently communicated with the unborn, she also talked with the mothers. She queried the mothers about their feelings and anything that didn't feel right. For the first time mothers she explained the birthing process and all the various stages of birth. She also explained that the baby was not the end of the birth, but that only ended with the birth of the placenta. 

Elsa watched from her internal captivity with awe. Ix Chel seemed to be actually communicating with the unborn children. She assessed the unborn children's physical health, as well as, the mother's health. She looked for signs of problems with the pregnancy and worked to fix any issues. Elsa watched, learned and the scientist in her tried to understand how Ix Chel was capable of doing this. She could never understand how Ix Chel was doing what she was doing, but marveled at the Goddesses capabilities. 

When Ix Chel took her body Elsa was scared, but as time went on she was in awe of this Goddess. Elsa watched and learned. She watched the way Ix Chel dressed, walked and studied her regal bearing. Yet it was her body that looked majestic with a sinuous, royal demeanor. Elsa learned that Ix Chel's approach to the physical world was all attitude. She watched her deportment so that she could learn how to make her body look like it did when Ix Chel was in charge. 

Likewise she began to learn from the goddess's spiritual guide. She felt Ix Chel pick up on people's expressions or body movements. She knew what everyone was feeling and she seemed to draw knowledge and understanding from every touch. She was learning how to deal and understand people with every contact. 

Every time Ix Chel laid a hand on someone an intimate connection was established. She created a warm cherished contact with each person and their secrets were opened to her. With every touch there was also a sexual component. Were they happy and content sexually? 

Elsa absorbed the knowledge from the goddess and with each encounter she felt her desire grow. She was so engrossed in the goddess's healing she almost failed to notice carnal heat she derived from each person. The erotic heat began to grow until she lost interest in her scientific observations. Instead she focused on the sexually wanton and carnal feelings that seemed to build inside her. Elsa was mesmerized and lost all contact with the outside world as she studied the goddess. 

Ix Chel worked through the night concentrating on all the pregnant villagers. As the sun came up she still had three women to work with, but Elsa's body was fatigued. Ix Chel made a quick assessment of the three remaining women and decided that none were in danger. So she stood up, stretched and her guide led her to an isolated hut with an elegantly decorated cot. 

Ix Chel undid the fasteners on her garment and let it pool at her feet. She stood naked in front of the guide and watched his reaction as Elsa's incredibly sensuous figure was revealed to him. The lust and desire in his eyes powered her intoxicating hunger. Unfortunately there was also fear in his eyes, because after all she was a goddess. The guide hastily backed out of the hut closing the door behind him. 

Ix Chel gave a sigh of disappointment as she lay on the cot. The gorgeous, sensuous body that she now inhabited fueled her passion. Ix Chel felt a desperate need to have a man's enthusiastic touch while filling the cleft between her legs. She ran her hands over her new body in a slow sensuous caress, feeling Elsa's body respond with long denied desire. 

Ix Chel felt Elsa's skin warm with excitement. Her nipples thickened and hardened as her hands cupped and molded her breasts. She felt Elsa's hips began to shimmy and rock with blatant delight. Her body's breathing began to get deeper as she tweaked her hard impassioned nipples. Ix Chel let her hands wander down her ribs, over her tiny muscled belly until her fingers slid into the cleft between her legs. 

Coaxed by Ix Chel's sexual knowledge and desire, her fingers rapidly stoked the fire inside her until it was an inferno. Elsa's body writhed on the cot as a quick but unsatisfying climax washed over her. Ix Chel didn't stop until three more cums left her feeling satisfied and gloriously exhausted. 

Ix Chel lay on the cot and Elsa's body almost immediately went to sleep. Ix Chel stayed alert and began to coax Elsa's most erotic dreams from her subconscious. She discovered that Elsa was a frustratingly shy woman, yet full of passion and desire. Her erogenous dreams included exhibitionism, submission and even a little bit of bondage. However, all of her dreams only included one man ... Dr. Ken Connors. 

Elsa was obviously very much in love with this man. In her dreams he was the only man that could make love to her. The thought of anyone else touching her or making love to her was totally repugnant. Out of respect for her host, Ix Chel abandoned her plans to be taken by every man tribe. She knew from Elsa's dreams that she had to be in love to give her body to a man. Sexual gratification with anyone except her lover could be damaging to Elsa. 

Ix Chel knew this kind of love, because she had experienced it when the sun was her lover. She knew how strong this kind of love could be and how powerful lovemaking could be when you love someone as much as Elsa did. Ix Chel was a little bit jealous of Elsa, because love among the gods lacked the all-consuming explosive passion among humans. That was one of the reasons she cherished times when her people called. During these times she could feel the hunger, the craving, desire and the blistering lust when humans made love. 

The combination of this kind of love and passion is what men and women were meant for. Ix Chel felt honored to have a host that was in love. However, Elsa knew nothing about how to show that love or the physical passion that went with such a love. She was a complete innocent and that was something Ix Chel needed to change. 

Now Ix Chel knew she had a mission. She had to show Elsa how to make love to a man. She had to show her how to make love to him so he would never desire anyone else. The kind of love and passion they could achieve together would be life altering for both of them. 

While Elsa's body rested Ix Chel reached out to discover just who Professor Ken Connors was. Her psychic probing discovered him sleeping in his tent. His thoughts were all about Elsa. He had lost her in the jungle. He desperately wanted to make sure she was found and okay. Ix Chel listened attentively to his dreams and discovered that he loved Elsa as much as she loved him. 
