 CHAPTER 1 -- EARLY TO RISE

Schaffer was awoken by a familiar sensation, opening his eyes and blinking sleepily as he lay in a pile of slumbering aliens, the sky outside one of the outpost's tiny portholes was still dark. It must be early morning, the Borealan sun had not yet risen, and the Polars that lay around him like a pride of idle lions were not yet awake. Their chests rose and fell softly, their breathing deep and regular as their paunchy, furry bodies cushioned and insulated him.

He had been living with the pack for months now, they had saved his life after he had been exiled to a remote listening station in the Borealan tundra by a corrupt Admiral, they had found his freezing body in the snow and had nursed him back to health. They had taken him in as one of their own, made him a part of their pack and their family, and now they lived together in the base with the UNN's consent. Schaffer had been put in charge of maintaining the station's eavesdropping equipment, intended to spy on the other alien nations of the planet, and in return he was allowed to live here along with his pack. It was warm, safe, and they were periodically resupplied with food and amenities. A far cry from the subsistence living the Polar pack had been accustomed to when they had come across him.

He was enveloped by their giant, feline bodies, downy white fur and insulating fat pressing on him from all sides. The Polars liked to sleep in a big pile, partly to conserve warmth in their harsh environment, and partly because of their tendency towards spontaneous and permissive sexual behavior. For that reason he slept in the nude, there were no other humans for thousands of miles and the aliens had no comparable concept of shame, wearing revealing and often purposeless garments that completely failed to preserve their modesty.

In some ways he had 'gone native', turned feral by human standards, choosing to live with his adopted family over the people who had betrayed him and had sought to kill him through exposure and starvation. The criminal organization that had stranded him here had been systematically deconstructed by UNN security services, and the figurehead had been put into a coma after resisting arrest, but even though the whole sorry affair had been resolved he still felt more at home with his pack. It was a simple life, fulfilling, he wanted for nothing and there were none of the day to day worries that had plagued him in his old job. His only human contact now was weekly status reports and the supply shuttle that came by once a month.

He looked around him in the gloom, trying not to disturb the sleeping aliens, someone's fat thigh was cushioning his head and there was a heavy arm draped over his belly. They were in one of the dorms of the small base, originally it had been full of bunk beds and cots, but the aliens had been far too large and heavy to use them and so they had removed the mattresses and piled them on the floor. There were a few of these dorms, and the whole pack couldn't fit in just one, so they tended to wander between the different groups depending on who they felt like sleeping with.

Schaffer realized that he was leaning on Osha, a near nine foot tall female who had taken a shining to him almost immediately upon his arrival, adopting him like a stray animal. Her pudgy thighs were as large as his torso, and made an admirable pillow. He couldn't see the faces of those piled to his left and right, but he recognized the patchy, camouflaged fur markings of one of them and determined that must be one of the twins.

He turned his gaze downwards, seeing what had woken him, a pair of familiar blue eyes staring up at him expectantly as they reflected the low light. Runt was rubbing Schaffer's thigh with his silky hand, so named for his unusually small stature for a Borealan, putting him on par with a taller human in terms of height. Meek and submissive, he had warmed to Schaffer due to their similar circumstances, the little alien tagged along with him everywhere he went like an adoring puppy. He seemed to see Schaffer's initial refusal to sleep communally and participate in their occasional orgies as neglect, and had taken it upon himself to satisfy his needs, a behavior that had continued long after Schaffer had accepted the ways of their pack as his own.

"Runt?" Schaffer whispered, keeping his voice low so as not to rouse the others. "What are you doing up so early?"

Schaffer didn't speak their language and the aliens didn't know English, but they understood each other well enough to communicate through a makeshift system of contextual gestures and basic phrases. The young alien parted Schaffer's legs gently with his fluffy palms, then planted a soft kiss on his inner thigh, Schaffer realizing that his prominent morning wood had drawn the Borealan. Schaffer was still growing accustomed to the pack's laissez-faire attitude when it came to sex, it was both a recreational act, and one of bonding. Runt had interpreted that his dear friend was in need of relief, and Schaffer could think of no good reason to deny him.

His erection bounced in the air, and Runt took that as an invitation to continue, rubbing his furry face against the underside of his member and lapping softly at the human's balls with his obscenely long tongue. It parted his lips and snaked out of his mouth, almost a foot of pink, wet muscle that roved and coiled with a life of its own as its textured surface wrapped the base of his cock and cradled his testicles. Schaffer covered his mouth with his hand, stifling a groan so as not to disturb his sleeping neighbors, and reached down to sink his fingers into the Polar's soft hair. He scratched his scalp, hearing Runt croon happily, delighted to please Schaffer as he painted the human's loins with his viscous saliva.

He took Schaffer's shaft in his hand, wrapping his large fingers around his pulsing member and letting his velvet fur tickle his skin, careful to avoid cutting him with his hooked claws. His drool made his fur wet, the sensation slippery and pleasant as he began to stroke, Schaffer doing all that he could to keep still as the alien licked and teased below.

Runt was so doting, eager and dutiful, constantly glancing up for approval as he worked. The pack structure was still something that Schaffer had a hard time adjusting to, it was just so alien compared to human society, they were led by an Alpha male and then each member of the group was ranked in descending order with Runt at the bottom. Far from abusing him, the pack seemed to take special care to ensure that its weaker members were looked after, Osha especially fawned over him like a concerned mother. Being at the bottom of the pack however usually meant...well...being at the bottom of the pack. Zagza, the enormous Alpha male, seemed to take a special interest in subjecting the small alien to long and exhausting sessions that left the poor creature scarcely able to walk. That was to say nothing of the larger females who seemed to particularly enjoy his oral attentions. From one perspective it might be a blessed existence, the plucky little Polar never seemed to refuse or complain, but Schaffer always found himself rooting for the underdog and wanted his friend to come out on top one day.

Today didn't seem to be that day however, and he lay back, letting his head sink into the soft fat of Osha's thick thigh and enjoying Runt's indulgences. The Polar mouthed and kissed as he crawled his lips up Schaffer's shaft, an expert on human anatomy by this point, pulling back his foreskin and taking his sensitive glans gently into his mouth. He coiled his slimy tongue around the head, feeling Schaffer's member throb between his lips as he grazed it, then sucked him deeper into his throat as he pressed his head down in one smooth motion to kiss the base.

Schaffer jerked, arching his spine in alarm as Runt's smooth throat muscles closed around his erection, massaging and squeezing as the alien swallowed a mouthful of saliva around it. Schaffer combed the Polar's hair with his fingers, scratching him behind one of the round ears that protruded from the top of his head, feeling him shiver appreciatively. Runt struggled, eyes watering, and took Schaffer's erection even deeper. His tongue lolled out to lick the human's balls, his saliva leaking to wet his thighs, the fleshy walls of his gullet rippling and massaging as the alien struggled to hold him there. Finally he pulled back, releasing Schaffer's member along with a mass of stringy drool, clinging to his furry chin and sliding down Schaffer's cock in globs. Runt used it to wet his hand, stroking as he caught his breath, wiping some of the mess away with the back of his forearm.

Schaffer felt something heavy on his head, it was Osha, it appeared that she had been roused by the activity. Her dinner plate sized hand rested on him, her black claws tickling his scalp as she stroked his hair. She didn't seem to want to participate, she was just watching sleepily, yawning widely as Runt bowed his head to resume his work. He started to go faster now, wrapping his tongue around Schaffer's erection and adding a new layer of sensation, encompassing his length in wet muscle as he sucked and bobbed his head.

As much as Schaffer wanted to encourage him to be more assertive, it was very difficult to refuse his eager, affectionate advances. It was as if his one purpose in life was servicing the other members of his pack, and he never missed an opportunity to make himself available to them. Schaffer most of all. It was also fairly hard to communicate to the little Polar that he didn't want sex, especially when he was already burying his face in Schaffer's crotch and pulling his member into his mouth with his agile tongue.

Runt found a punishing pace, sending pleasant shivers crawling up Schaffer's spine as he licked and sucked, swallowing the organ as deep as he could take it as he peppered its length with licks and gentle glances. Schaffer's glans hit the back of his throat, sliding against the slick muscle, the suction the Polar was creating nearly enough to draw his emission from his very body. He let his saliva flow freely, lubricating his gullet, the obscene noises of his wet blowjob drawing a smirk from Osha as she observed them from her reclined position.

Schaffer gripped Runt's silky hair more harshly, taking a handful for leverage and thrusting into the alien's eager mouth as his arousal started to overpower his restraint, fucking the willing Polar in earnest as he looked up at Schaffer with yearning in his eyes. The salacious plea went unspoken, but Schaffer understood it well enough, feeling his orgasm rising in his loins as his alien partner begged silently for him to release into his waiting throat.

"You little..." Schaffer growled, his curse petering out into a pained groan as his erection pulsated, releasing a thick wad of his ejaculate directly into Runt's waiting gullet. The Polar swallowed him deeper, his lips clamping around the base of Schaffer's cock, gulping down each fresh flood of come as it came. The beleaguered human sank both of his hands into the alien's fur, grimacing as Runt drew more of his emission from him, draining him with the cruel massage of his throat muscles as he drank.

Euphoria washed over Schaffer, his muscles tingling and aching as he shot his final load into the alien's mouth, a pang of harsh arousal coursing through him as he watched the alien swallow conspicuously. Runt scraped his lips up Schaffer's still twitching shaft, careful to take as much of his own slimy drool and whatever had escaped from his mouth with him, leaving the human basically clean and panting as he lay against Osha's squashy body. The giant female lay her head back down on the mattress, losing interest and resuming her sleep now that the show was over, Runt licking his pink lips and looking to Schaffer for praise.

He reached down to pet the alien, Runt purring happily and crawling up to lie beside him, wrapping his furry arms around Schaffer and burying his face in the nape of his neck to nuzzle contentedly. Schaffer felt like sleeping too, the damned alien had drained him, but it was still early in the morning and he could probably catch a couple more hours before the other pack members started to wake up. He heard snow battering the windows as he closed his eyes, must be a storm rolling in.

CHAPTER 2 -- ROLE REVERSAL

The snow was really coming down now, and Schaffer was glad to be inside the outpost, the heating system kept them cozy while elements that would kill an unprotected human in a matter of minutes battered the base from the outside. He sipped a mug of steaming coffee, it was a little gritty, but the heat of the beverage spread through his stomach and put a smile on his face. The Polars didn't like the caffeine in coffee, and their tongues seemed almost indifferent to sweet flavors, but a mug of rehydrated milk and cream warmed on a stove top had turned out to be their drink of choice.

Runt sat beside him on a couch in the common room, a large space full of chairs and coffee tables that had been intended for the outpost's original staff to hang out and relax in. Unlike most of the pack, Runt was short enough that he could sit on human-sized chairs rather comfortably, and he shared a seat beside Schaffer as the pair watched the blizzard outside the windows.

They didn't really chat, there wasn't enough of a common language to have in-depth conversations, but they were tactile creatures and Schaffer was happy to just cuddle with them. He didn't miss human interaction, the small talk and forced smiles, the stifling falseness of it all. Here there were no such barriers, mental or physical, and letting someone know how you felt about them was as simple and as uninhibited as trapping them in an unsolicited hug.

Runt leaned down, lying his head on Schaffer's lap and purring as he scratched him behind the ear. The vibrations got him hard, and Runt noticed, dropping quietly off the couch to kneel in front of him, his furry hands rubbing Schaffer's thighs expectantly. Schaffer found him hard to refuse, lying back and relaxing as he prepared for another one of the Polar's servile blowjobs. But as Runt unzipped his pants, releasing his member to bounce in the air, Schaffer took him by the wrist and moved him away. Runt cocked his head at him, not understanding.

"No, you know what, enough of that."

Schaffer lifted Runt by the arm and stood him up, then kneeled in front of him, the alien peering down at him from above with a confused expression. Schaffer was tired of it, the little alien didn't have to be subservient to everyone, Schaffer wasn't, and the two were of a similar stature. It was time to give something back to his friend.

Runt wore nothing but an animal hide loincloth, tied around his waist with a leather belt, his erection already tenting the fabric as if to brush against Schaffer's nose. He was lithe and skinnier than his peers, though still soft around the belly and lower body, and Schaffer began to untie the belt. The loincloth fell away, catching on the alien's member for a moment before dropping to the floor, exposing Runt's erection. He wasn't as massive as Zagza was, the pack Alpha was almost a foot long with a girth that made him very had to take. Runt had about eight inches, not dramatically larger than the average human. His anatomy was red and shiny, with a tapered head and small, vestigial bumps that ran along its length. At some point in their evolutionary history they must have been barbs, but now they were atrophied and simply served as an extra dimension of stimulation.

The tip was already leaking clear fluid in anticipation, and Schaffer wasn't sure how to handle the odd organ, he had always been on the receiving end before today. Runt was trembling, having realized what his friend had in mind, he was standing as still as his quivering legs would allow and seemed unsure of how to proceed. After eyeing the organ for a moment, Schaffer decided that it would be a better idea to simply bite the bullet, so to speak. He wrapped his lips around the tapered glans, and drew it into his mouth. Runt shivered, his furry fingers sinking into Schaffer's hair for purchase, pointed claws pricking his scalp as he felt the alien member pulse on his tongue. It tasted of flesh, with a hint of salt, Runt's musky smell in his nose as he placed his hands on the Polar's downy thighs.

Runt certainly didn't seem to be used to this, he was so excited that he was leaking a steady trickle of precum, his legs shaking as Schaffer circled the tip with his tongue. He recalled how the females responded to his oral attentions, Borealans had tongues that were long and impossibly agile, but they were also rough and oral sex could be a bit of a delicate procedure. Human tongues were soft and smooth, maddening to the aliens, and it seemed to be having the same effect on Runt as he shivered and gasped.

He was a little large for Schaffer to take him to the base, besides that tapered tip looked as if it would stab him in the throat, but this was just the beginning of what he had in mind for the little Polar. He wanted to build up his confidence, show him that despite his small stature, he could be a contender in the pack just as Schaffer was. He wanted the meek Polar to mount him, and this was the best way to get him in the mood.

He slid his tongue up and down Runt's shaft, feeling the smooth flesh and the small bumps as the alien's cock throbbed between his lips, fever hot and dripping like a faucet. He could feel Runt's heartbeat through it, the organ jumping in tandem as Schaffer painted its length with his saliva.

When it was good and wet, he drew back, letting the strands of drool that connected its slippery surface to his lips break as the alien looked down with an excited and somewhat flustered expression on his face. He seemed a little disappointed, thinking perhaps that the encounter was already over, but Schaffer had something else in mind.

He stood and began to unfasten his belt, Runt dropping to knees, ready to reciprocate. Schaffer shook his head, slipping off his pants and underwear, then stepping out of them and lying back down on the couch. He removed his shirt too for good measure, Runt watching him as he waited for further instructions. Schaffer splayed his legs in invitation, and again the alien bowed his head, lowering himself down submissively, assuming that Schaffer wanted to make use of his mouth.

Growing frustrated with his sheer obliviousness, Schaffer leaned forward and took Runt's member in his hand, guiding him forwards and down between his cheeks. The alien gave him a quizzical look, as if to ask him if he was really taking such a submissive position, and Schaffer tried to be reassuring. 

Finally understanding, Runt spat into his furry palm, and coated his member in a further layer of thick saliva to act as a lubricant. His was thicker and slimier than that of a human, viscous like honey as it dripped from the shaft, Schaffer's tentative blowjob rendered pointless. Oh well, Runt had clearly enjoyed it, maybe he'd make a point of doing it more often in the future.

Runt shuffled closer, Schaffer feeling his silky fur tickle his inner thighs, and the Polar pressed his glans against the human's bud. Schaffer surprised himself by how much he wanted it, the anticipation he felt, an emptiness inside him that could only be filled by the alien's member. It pulsed as it pressed against him, beating like a heart, and Runt gave him a look as if asking for permission to proceed. Schaffer gripped a handful of the fur on his hip, and pulled the alien into him, the pair gasping in unison as Runt's rigid member penetrated deep inside him.

There was a moment of pain as the organ's girth stretched him, which soon gave way to a dull pleasure as the two stayed still, growing accustomed to each other's anatomy before daring to move a muscle. Schaffer could feel the Polar's member flexing and throbbing inside him, every twitch making its hot surface bump against his prostate. He shivered and clenched, Runt planting his claws into the cushions that lined the back of the couch as he gritted his pointed teeth at the intense stimulation. They fed into each other, their excitement rising, finally finding it impossible to resist escalating their coupling as Runt began to slowly thrust into him.
