 Okay, there is no sex in this first chapter. And it will take a while to get into the story. Sorry about that. I want to thank my editor, J.Q. Hack. Even though we might not be speaking at this time in life, hopefully someday we will be friends again. And even though I hated changing it to what you had, it is better, so thank you.

=================================================



Outpost 59 Chapter 1

"Ah, Agent Jacobsin. Come in." Micha Forbest said to me as I poked my head into his office.

"Are you all set to go?" 

"Yes, sir." I snapped my heels together, toes facing out, and bowed my head slightly as a salute. 

"Good, good. At ease, Agent." I spread my legs a bit and raised my head. "Now all you need is a quick run through of your duties. First, above all, you must keep this mission confidential. No one must know you are investigating the surge of profit loss from Outpost 59. Second, and I know this will be hard, but there is reason for us to believe that Colonel McFadden is part of this. You will need to get as close to him as possible. Use any means necessary. And I mean any means." Micha cleared his throat and tried not to turn too red.

"I understand, Chief." I said, trying to ease some of his discomfort. "I was trained to use any method necessary. I know what to do and I won't let you down. I knew full well what I was getting into when I joined the agency." 

Micha's look was of pure relief. "You are my best. Always knew it. Finally you have a month before Head Command will send in it's own task force to figure things out. D.C. wants answers without having to involve Head Command, so find out." 

"Yes sir." 

"Now, if you need any help or resources, use this private communicator." He handed me a small silver encased monitor. "New issue. The routing number is on the back panel. It will transfer data up to one thousand light-years. Much further than normal, but it will take a while to get to us. 

The good thing is it will be a completely secure line. There is no way anyone will be able to intercept what you send us. Plus, just ask for anything in the Confederations database, and it will come up. Including any fiction for enjoyment. The boys in the tech lab had fun cramming everything in the chip. Which is about the size of a pinhead. So you have the universe at your fingertips." 

"Thank you, Chief. Anything else?" I pocketed the communicator. 

"Uhh." His face started turning red again. "Did you make sure you packed some frilly female stuff so you actually look like a girl? I don't think I have ever seen you in a dress. No offence." 

I laughed lightly. "None taken, and yes. I have plenty of filmy, frothy things. Gobs of dresses, shoes, under things.

"Okay, just wanted to make sure." Micha cleared his throat..

"Mm hmm. Now I had best go and get my bags. The transport leaves in an hour. May I ask a favor, sir?" 

"Yes, yes. What is it?" 

"Would you see to it that my plants in my office stay watered while I am gone. My jewel flower is a special one of mine." 

"Of course. Now you had better go. Transports are notorious for not always leaving when they say." 

"Yes sir." I snapped a salute and left his office. I picked up my two bags and leather satchel from my office and stuffed the communicator into the satchel. I could catch up on information on the flight. I waved a goodbye to my fellow agents and headed out of the Outland Treasury Department. 

It was an absolutely gorgeous sunny day in D.C. Midsummer was always nice, if a bit warm. It was a shame I wouldn't be here to enjoy it. Don't get me wrong. I love traveling out of the galaxy, but I was more of the earth terrestrial. I liked having my feet firmly planted on terra firma any day. 

I hailed a cab and we headed out to Regan. My transport ship, the Orpheus, was scheduled to leave at 1 PM. It would be a three day flight to the outpost just outside of the Andromeda galaxy. This was to be my first visit to this particular outpost, but from all accounts, it was the most spectacular. 

It was home to almost ten thousand individuals who worked on the base or transported to other substations based about the galaxy. It was also home to a large fleet of military personnel. Hence Colonel McFadden. 

I was fascinated with all I had learned of the colonel. At only thirty, he had been one of the youngest, promoted to that rank in quite a while. Mostly due to a conflict with a new colony in the Pleiades, but still a great honor. 

Unfortunately I didn't have any idea what he looked like, other then what was written in his file. For some reason, a picture hadn't been supplied. So I would have to guess when I got there. Granted, most likely he would be in uniform, but I knew that you occasionally had the lax commander at an outpost. And they let anything go. Very unlikely in my case, but still possible. 

The transport was surprisingly on time and along with one hundred other passengers, we were on our way by 2 PM. My cabin was small, but quiet, which I was thankful for. I needed as much rest as I could get. I did take a few moments to watch us go by Saturn before jumping into hyper space once we left the solar system. My sister was stationed on the small outpost of Saturn with her husband. She was a tech in the engine room. Her husband, a engineer. 

I settled down in my cabin and caught myself up on the problems with Outpost 59. For almost six months now, the average revenue of the post had dropped by 20 per cent while output remained constant. It didn't make sense unless someone was playing with the books. And with the colonel having a good amount of control over the books, it was extremely plausible he was part of it. It would be bad for the military, but it did happen. I hoped that the colonel knew that there was a problem and was trying to figure it out, because I didn't want to have to deal with a traitor. 

The flight was fast, and before I knew it, we were docking at the post. I decided then and there I wanted to make an impression on the colonel. I had a feeling he would be at the gate to see who 

was landing on his post. 

I dressed in an emerald green, velvet, full body suit. The neckline scooped low to give a nice view of my assets. Dark green, high heeled boots, a wide brown belt with a place for my communicator, and a silver necklace, with my credentials encased in a silver capsule, resting in my cleavage, rounded out the ensemble. I brushed my wavy auburn hair into a cloud around my face and secured a small amount with an emerald clip. Yeah it was a bit dressy for the part I was playing of financial analyst, but I wanted to make a statement. If I could get the colonel to eat out of my hand, I would have it made. 

I grabbed my bags and satchel, positioned my communicator, and spritzed on a bit of perfume and headed towards the docking gate. My first impression of the outpost was of lots of silver and the most spectacular view of Andromeda. The docking door had opened to a wide window of the galaxy. Then my attention shifted to the man standing at the side of the gate. I knew instantly he was Colonel James McFadden. He was in the standard gray and silver uniform with his rank on his right shoulder. But where as on most men the uniform look liked any other uniform, on the colonel, it accentuated every gorgeous part of him. It was skin tight, showing off his assets marvelously and I couldn't help glancing at his crotch a few times with pleasure. He was muscular and tall, at least six feet, wavy brown hair that curled over his ears, eyes that were a green hazel. There was a very thin line of dark hair the ran around his upper lip and down to meet at his chin. That in turn met the a similar line that ran up to meet both sideburns. Quite a dashing picture. Then his eyes found me, and I felt the hottest gaze I have ever received, run up and down my body. My pulse quickened and I gasped for breath. Maybe this wasn't the best assignment in the world. This man was dangerous and if his gaze was a testament to anything, he knew how to play sexual games I had no idea existed.

I squared my shoulders and made my way to meet him. I was going to be working with him in a way, and I figured I should get the introductions over with as soon as possible before I lost anymore nerve. 

"Colonel McFadden." I held out my hand and he took it warmly. My blood heated another hundred degrees. "I am Claire Jacobsin, your new financial analyst." 

"Ah, Ms. Jacobsin. It is a pleasure to meet you." I nearly swooned as his deep, dark Irish accent washed over me. Oh lord this was going to be a tough job. 

"The pleasure is all mine," I gasped out and saw his lush lips smile slightly as his eyes darkened. 

"Helson." A man in his early twenties snapped to attention at the colonel's side. 

"Yes sir?" 

"See Ms. Jacobsin to suite sixteen on level one in the alpha sector." His eyes ran over my face again and he smiled more deeply. "If there is anything you require, Lieutenant Helson will be glad to assist you. Dinner for you will be held in the Perseus room in the same sector as you room. It would please me greatly if you were to dine with me at seven." 

I just nodded my acceptance and he released my hand. I felt the lieutenant take my two bags and say "Ma'am", but I didn't pay much attention as my gaze was still on the Colonel. He gave me a 

devilish smile and laughed quietly.

"You need to follow the lieutenant, Claire." I snapped out of the trance his eyes seemed to have put me in. My face turned red and I quickly averted my gaze to the lieutenant. 

"Lead the way, sir," I said with as much confidence I could muster under the circumstance. I started following the lieutenant and heard the colonel's laugh behind me. I forced myself to not turn around and I continued walking. 

The docking bay was on the bottom of the base, level sixteen. We took a lift to the top of the base, and stepped out onto lush cream carpets and warm neutral walls with small round windows cut out every few feet giving one a glimpse of space. The lighting was muted and warm and as we walked we made no sound except that of our breathing. 

"Lieutenant?" I asked. 

"Yes, ma'am?" He answered and turned to look at me. 

"Is this the normal level all financial analysts live on?" 

"No ma'am. Most of them and others of that rank are on level three. This is the officers and diplomats level." 

"Then why am I on it?" Suddenly something didn't feel right. 

"I am afraid the colonel has taken a fancy to you ma'am, if I might be frank." 

"I see. Do all of his fancies come to this level?" 

"No ma'am. You are the first. At least as far as I know. I have worked with the colonel for two years now, and only diplomats or officers have been on this floor." 

"Did the colonel know I was coming and what I looked like?' 

"No ma'am. He did know an analyst was coming, but he didn't know what you looked like." 

"And let me guess. My original room was on the third level until the colonel saw me. Am I 

right?" 

"It appears to be that way ma'am." 

"Mm hmm," I murmured. We had stopped at a door marked with a small symbol of this outpost, and the number sixteen. "Just out of curiosity, where is the colonel's room?" 

The lieutenant opened the door and ushered me inside. "His room is three doors up. Room thirteen." 

"I take it he isn't superstitious?" 

"No ma'am. Now would you like your bags in your room or do you want me to leave them here." 

I glanced around and just about fell over. This room was the most lavish room I had ever had the ability to grace with my presence. Pale cream carpets again, soft yellow walls, and a mix of cream and yellow sofas and chairs. Elegant Louis XIV tables and chairs were space about. The tables held vases of cream and yellow roses. Most likely replicated, but still beautiful. I walked over to one vase and sniffed. 

"They are real ma'am." Henson smiled at my surprised expression. "We have a hydroponics lab on level eleven. It is a beautiful place, and you might want to stop off there sometime. Almost all of the outpost's fresh food comes from there." 

"Amazing," I replied then noticed that he still held my bags. "Oh you can put the bags in my room." 

"Yes ma'am." 

I followed him into my bedroom and was astounded again. A large king sized bed, set up on a dias, dominated the room. The bed was a dark walnut four poster with pale blue satin bedding. The room itself was shades of soft blue and silver and there was a faux fireplace with a hologram fire burning. There were small lights about the room giving it a soft glow. And last but not least, a large picture window with a window seat gave a gorgeous view of the galaxy. 

"I have died and gone to heaven," I sighed. 

Henson laughed. "Almost everyone says that about this room. It is a favorite. Now, the bathroom is through that door and it is a virtual bathroom. It still functions like a real bathroom, but the running water is a hologram. Amazingly enough, it cleans like water." 

"Fascinating," I replied. "Tell me, Lieutenant, is it required that I join the colonel for dinner?" 

"It would be wise ma'am. His version of an order sounds like a request. It would get you on his bad side if you didn't join him." 

"I see." My eyes narrowed. "And what is the dress code?" 

"Semi formal to formal. The colonel is always in dress uniform at dinner. His table is number 13 by the large window showing the galaxy. I would recommend not being late." 

"Mm hmm, very well then. Thank you for bringing my bags." 

"You're quite welcome, ma'am." And Henson left my room quietly shutting the door behind him. 

I stared around then decided that since I had a few hours until seven, I would take a long bath. The bathroom was amazing. A large, and I stress the large, claw foot tub was the focal point of the room. The room itself was in a soft blue with cream accents. Another virtual fireplace was against the wall closest to the tub with a huge cream sheep skin rug in front of it. Heaven. Pure Heaven, I thought and ran to my bags to hunt for my hair laser. 

The bathroom supplied a large selection of some of the most expensive bath accessories in the Solar System. Rare salts from the Neptune seas, blue and green in color, and smelling of crisp apples. Peach bath bombs from Venus, bubbles from the moon Io, sharp and spicy and supposedly quite invigorating. I was almost at a loss at what to choose. I finally decided on the bubbles of Io, a rich cinnamon shampoo from Triton, and a lotion from Venus that was orange scented. Yes, I would probably smell like a pomander, but who cared. I wanted to have fun. 

I soaked for an hour in the luxurious water and was almost sad I had to get out, but I finally dragged myself out to wrap myself in a thick, fluffy towel and lie down in front of the fireplace. I soaked up the heat that was radiated through the hologram and soon dried. I quickly ran my laser up and down my legs and mound. Then I smoothed the lotion all over and ran to get my dress on. 

I pulled up sheer cream stockings and secured them to the lacy cream garter belt I wore. I decided then and there to go without underwear, so all I wore was the garter and stockings.  My dress was a creamy loose confection styled in the old Grecian way. Very loose with a flowing bodice and the sleeves were thin straps of fabric fastened with small gold disks. Two on each arm. I pulled my hair into a high twist and secured it with plenty of bobby pins. I pulled down a few of the curling tendrils around my face and wrapped a thin cream ribbon around my head twice to give it a more authentic feel. Two gold discs in my ear and a wide, gold, cuff bracelet on my upper arm completed my outfit. I slipped on satin flats and headed out of my room two minutes before seven.