 Thanks goes to my editor, J.Q. Hack. If anyone needs a good one, he is it. 

Again, no sex in this one, and actually no sex for a few chapters. Sorry. But please take the time to get into it. And please vote.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

I had to run to the Pegasus room to be there just as the bells rang. I slowed and sedately walked into the dining hall. It was an elegant room with pale blue walls, and the ceiling was draped in a soft blue satin studded with little glints that looked like diamonds. The tables were almost all filled up and I looked around for McFadden. 

A uniformed waiter came up to me and directed me toward a small alcove near the middle of the back of the room. I made my way over and was rewarded to find the Colonel sitting there with a drink in his hand. He stood and smiled with a predator's glint in his eyes. 

"Ms. Jacobsin," he said smoothly and bowed slightly, "you look quite ravishing tonight." 

"Miss Jacobsin, and thank you, sir," I replied raising my left brow. 

"My apologies, Miss Jacobsin." He came and held out my chair for me to sit down. As he pushed my chair in, he leaned down and gave an appreciative growl of approval and I caught my breath when his hands touched my shoulders. "Quite ravishing, and you smell quite exotic. Had fun with the bubble bath?" 

I turned quickly to look at him in surprise and my lips brushed his as he had leaned in very close. My eyes widened, but when I didn't pull away, the tip of his tongue touched the entrance to my mouth. When I still didn't move, it demanded more and pushed fully in and the Colonel claimed my mouth in a kiss of total surrender. This was no sweet and soft kiss. This was a kiss that taught me that my master was James McFadden and I was his to do with what he wished. He pressed his mouth firmly to mine and plunged his tongue in and out in a furious pace that mimicked intercourse. I gasped and he pulled away smiling wickedly. 

"I can just picture what a mouth like that could do," he said, taking his seat again. "You could burn a man up if you just tried." His eyes had darkened considerably and I could see his pulse pounding in his neck. 

I tried to get my blood to cool down and was forced to take a sip of the ice water that was at my place. I rested the frosty glass to my cheeks to cool them down and heard the Colonel laugh. 

"I have no definite plans to burn any man at the moment, sir. And I would appreciate if you would keep your distance." I stated this firmly, hoping he would get hint. I wasn't going to give him any inkling that I knew one day I would be in his bed. It was too soon, besides, I wasn't completely sure myself.

"I see. Well, if it distance you want, you got it. Next time I kiss you, it will be because you beg me. And believe me, you will beg." He said softly then laughed when I gave him a gasp of outrage, then he proceeded to completely ignore my glare as he signaled a waiter and ordered dinner for both of us. He didn't even glance my direction to see if that was okay with me. 

I sat fuming for a while, staring out the window, but it wasn't any fun if he was going to disregard it. I turned to look at him and found him watching me with an intenseness that sent a blush right to my cheeks. "I don't see many women blush these days," he said quietly, then he took a sip of wine. "is it because I embarrass you, or is it because you felt what I did when I kissed you?" 

So much for being vague. This man was to the point as you could ever be. "That depends, what did you feel when you kissed me?" I countered and drank some of my wine also. 

"Oh now, you're not going to get out of it that easy. I'll admit that it was quite potent, but what did you feel?" 

I waited to answer as the waiter brought our dinner. I looked down at the plate that was put in front of me and I looked up in surprise. The Colonel had ordered my favorite dish and I hadn't even noticed. Eggplant Parmesan, smothered in a luscious marinara sauce and more parmesan sprinkled on top. The waiter place steaming garlic bread sticks in the middle of the table and he was now filling another goblet with a rich burgundy wine. 

"Thank you, Evens. Please bring the desert in about a half an hour." 

"Yes, sir," answered the waiter and left quietly. 

The Colonel looked at me. "Eat." He ordered. 

I picked up my fork. "How did you know I like eggplant Parmesan?" 

"You didn't honestly think I would allow some unknown analyst onto my base without doing some research on you, Agent Jacobsin." His eyes narrowed and gave me a scrutinizing look. 

"I honestly don't know what you are talking about," I sniffed and took a sip of my wine. 

"Really? I beg to differ, Claire." He shoved a tablet towards me, my files and information showing all over the page. Pictures of me scanned through in a small box. Pictures from all through my life. Test scores, private information, access codes of mine, account numbers. Everything. Information that would make my life a living hell if in the wrong hands.

I looked at it in shock, then looked at him.

"How did you find that out?" I gasped. I had gone white with the thought of how I could be in deep trouble if the Colonel was a traitor.

" I make a habit of finding out who will be working for me and for some reason, your department did a crappy job of issuing you a new file for this assignment. I was able to have a friend of mine find out who you were within two hours." His look was of pure male arrogance at my department's mistake.

"I had nothing to do with getting my profile fixed and I don't see how your friend hacked into the database. I was just supposed to come and do my job." I had no idea what to do now, though. With my secret out in the open, my job could be over. "So now that you know, what am I supposed to do?" 

He looked at me in surprise. "Keep doing your job, of course. I was actually planning on contacting the Treasury if I couldn't find out what was happening here on the base and having them send me an agent if they could spare one. Obviously they beat me. Granted, it might have been nice if they had told me you were coming." 

"You weren't supposed to know. I was supposed to be just a new financial analyst." 

"And may I ask why I wasn't supposed to know?" He had arched his left brow, his drink poised at his lips. 

I didn't answer. 

"Claire?" There was warning note in his question. 

I glanced up and narrowed my eyes. "Why do you think?" If he had any brains in that pretty skull, he wouldn't need me to answer. 

"They don't honestly think I am involved?" When I didn't answer again, he glared at me. "You have got to be kidding me!? Those idiots! Shit!" He stabbed at his dinner.

"They didn't specify who was at fault, but I was supposed to keep a close watch on all you did. This is big. You are losing close to a million a month." I couldn't believe it. Here I was, sharing info that was classified. I swear, you put a drop dead, gorgeous man in front of me and I was spilling everything. I shook my head to clear it. My boss was gonna kill me if he ever found out. And why had the colonel's friend been able to hack into the Treasury?

"You don't think I damn well know that?" He glared at me. "Why else would I want to get someone here to find out what is wrong?" 

"To cover your tracks. Despite your record, perfect as it is, who's to say you wouldn't become consumed with power. And personally, I don't trust you." Which was a lie. What it really was, was I didn't trust myself around him. God, next I would be spouting passwords.

His head whipped up at my words, a shocked expression on his gorgeous face. Then his look hardened into a mask that made me want to back up and run. So I did the next best thing. I got up and made a quick curtsy to him. 

"And on that note, I will say goodnight. Thank you for dinner, and I will be at my post at seven." I turned and walked quickly away, hoping he wouldn't follow me. I wasn't so lucky. 

"Dammit, Claire!" The Colonel threw down his napkin and jumped up to follow me. He caught up with me quickly and grabbed my right arm as we exited the dinning hall. "Where the hell do you think you're going after that statement?" He was breathing hard and his grip was bruising as I struggled and glared daggers at him. 

"Let. Me. Go." I ground out through clenched teeth. 

"I don't think so. We are not done with this conversation. So where do you want to finish it? My quarters or yours?" 

"Mine." I sighed. There was no way I was going to win this battle. "Lead the way, Colonel," I said sarcastically since he was already practically dragging me. 

"Jamie," he said in a deadly quiet voice. 

"What?" 

"My name is Jamie. I would rather you called me that instead of colonel, sir, or anything else." 

"I don't think that's a good idea." I jerked my arm out of his grasp as he opened my door and waltzed in and plopped myself on a sofa facing the galaxy. 

"And why not?" He sat down opposite of me and just raised his left brow. 

"Because I don't want to become familiar with you. I just want to do my job and go home."

"Fine, whatever. Now tell me why you don't trust me." 

"One, I don't know you, other than what was in your file, which by the way, is seriously lacking and quite vague when it comes to personal information. Two, you're a dangerous man. I sensed that from the moment I met you, and I don't mess around with anybody I find dangerous. It's not safe for my health." 

"Third?" 

"I don't have one yet, I'll let you know when I know what it is." I gave him a nervous look, which just seemed to amuse him

"I don't buy it one bit. You are an Agent and they are not concerned about those things. It's something else that's bugging you. What?" He gave me a very piercing gaze and I tried not to blush. I didn't succeed. He gave a low throaty laugh and his eyes darkened with pure sexual heat. "I thought so." 

He got up and slowly stalked towards me. I knew I had a panicked expression on my face. How could I not? I scooted further back into the sofa and trying to edge away at the same time. I didn't make it far at all. He cornered me against the arm of the sofa by bracing his hands on either side of my shoulders. I tipped my head back and looked at his face. 

His eyes had a hooded look and his mouth was parted as if contemplating kissing. He didn't kiss me though. He just lowered his head until his nose was brushing the underside of my chin. He nuzzled and brushed his lips across my neck coming up to my right ear. Suddenly, he reached out and lightly bit my earlobe. I gasped and from then on, my breathing came out in short pants. 

I reached out and grabbed the lapels of his dress jacket and held on for dear life as he slowly kissed his way down my neck to my collar-bone, sucking on the skin hard enough to leave a red welt. 

"Please," I moaned, my head falling back against the arm of the sofa. 

"Please what?" he rumbled as he nibbled back up my throat. 

"Jamie, please kiss me," I begged. 

"As you wish," he murmured as his lips claimed mine. He sipped and stroked, teasing me with little flicks of his tongue against mine. It wasn't nearly enough for me to be satisfied with. I reached my hand up to the back of his head, running my fingers through his satiny soft hair before pulling his head firmly to mine. 

Now, I was happy. 

Jamie groaned and pulled me closer as his mouth battled with mine for dominance. At this angle though, he couldn't get close enough. He pulled away for a brief moment, chuckling slightly as I moaned and tried to pull him back. He lifted me up into his arms, sat down in the corner of the sofa, and draped me over his lap so that my head fell back against his shoulder. 

Then he devoured me

"Your mouth is so sweet," he murmured. "I feel as if I could drown in its depths." He sent his tongue swirling into the deep recesses of my mouth then pulled back trying to get me to duel with him. I succumbed to the temptation, My tongue tangling with his in an urgent demand to take what was his. His hand slid to the nape of my neck as he pulled back a bit and lightened the kiss, just nibbling on my bottom lip, lush and swollen from his consuming mouth. 

Slowly, so as not to alarm me, he ran both his palms down my shoulders to push the material off my upper body. I felt him pull back as the material slid to my waist, though it didn't really register. 

I slowly registered that Jamie was no longer touching me at all and opened my eyes leisurely, a soft smile on my lips. O glanced down to where his gaze was centered and gasped softly. I tried to remember her dress coming off that much, but couldn't. I went to pull the material to my breasts, but Jamie stopped me by resting his large hands on mine. 

"But . . ." I started, only to have Jamie kiss me quickly to stop my protests. 

"Shhh, I want to look at you," he whispered, nipping my bottom lip then soothing it with his tongue. He pulled back again and swept his hands up to cup my upturned breasts, smiling when I whimpered softly. He flicked his thumbs over the dusky, rose centers. Against the creamy softness of my breasts, my nipples rose to tight points that begged for his attention. It was no hardship to answer to their demand. He bent his head and brushed my tight breast with his lips.

I openly moaned and pushed the tip into his mouth begging for his touch. Jamie flicked out his tongue and touched just the tip then curled it around the bud until it grew into a tighter point. 

He pulled the tip deep within his mouth, suckling it while paying attention to the other tip with his fingers, rolling it between his thumb and finger. I closed my eyes, arched my back, head falling back, and mouth open, a long drawn out cry leaving mt lips. I felt Jamie smile against my breast and looked down to see him slowly pull back, the crest leaving his lips on the last instant. The sight sent arousal crashing through me and I had to fight the waves of dizziness that threatened to overwhelm my senses. 

Jamie looked up and grinned at what I knew was a devastated expression on my face. I felt shattered. In mere moments, this man had brought me to my knees, so to speak, and I knew he held the power to control my body and mind, able to bend them to his will. 

I scooted back away from him, fear flashing through me and reflecting in my eyes. Jamie saw it and frowned, his eyes glinting. He stood slowly, his eyes never leaving my face. He stepped towards me, and when I scrambled backwards even more he growled and grabbed my arms. 

"I will not allow you to act afraid of me. You want me just as much as I want you so don't think that running is going to help you. And mark my words, I will have you." When my eyes widened even more, he continued. "No, not tonight, but soon." He bent and kissed me swiftly on the mouth then turned and walked out her door, closing it behind him with a soft click. 

I heaved in a sigh and slumped on the couch. Had Jamie pressed the issue, I would probably be in bed now with him and I wouldn't have been fighting him. He knew how to render me senseless and it scared me to death to know that he had that much control over me. I glanced down at my naked torso and saw a red imprint on my right breast where he had sucked so hard and left another welt. I would be bruised in the morning.

I got up slowly, not bothering to pull my dress back up. I staggered into the bedroom, dropped my dress and slipped out of my shoes. 

Bed was a heavenly refuge from the outside forces that felt like they were closing in on me. I stared out at the galaxy trying not to dwell on this evening's events. Before I knew it, I was asleep, curled on my side, blankets sheltering me. And I slept like this until I woke, with only a quarter of an hour until I needed to report to work.