 Chapter 7

Professor Ken Connors had a horrible night worrying about Elsa. He began to realize that he really cared for Elsa. He thought more about her this night than he ever had. She was more than a student and even more than a friend. He loved being around her, but the physical passion was not there and he was a very physical person. 

Before dawn broke professor Connors got up and prepared everyone for the search. He just hoped that Elsa was okay. It would drive him crazy if something happened to her. The one thing that really bothered him was he knew her to be a savvy field archaeologist. How she disappeared was still a mystery to him.

As the black sky began to turn gray with the oncoming dawn the entire search party started back to the pyramid. By the time they reached the pyramid the sky was a kaleidoscope reds, oranges and yellows. Ken stared at the sky briefly wondering if this gorgeous sunrise was a prophecy of a great day.

The sun still had not peeked over the trees with the shadows around the pyramid still deep and dark. The group took out their flashlights and did a slow walk around the pyramid. They came back the same corner that Ken saw last night. There was no sign of any kind of activity except on this one corner of the pyramid.

Professor Connors realized that with all the footprints around the corner of the pyramid that this was the key. Just in case he sent all the others in the search party to other areas of the pyramid. However, he stayed and began a close examination of the pyramids corner. At first he saw nothing out of the ordinary, but then he noticed some loose bricks. He slowly and methodically worked bricks out of pyramid until he had a small hole.

Unfortunately, the hole was not big enough for him to get through. He worked on widening the hole until it was large enough for him to crawl through. Before he crawled through he shined his flashlight through the opening to see what was on the other side. What he saw was a neatly folded and stacked pile of clothes sitting on top of a pair of hiking boots.

The hair on the back of his neck stood up in one of those extraordinary moments of discovery. He knew that he had found a clue to Elsa's disappearance. He quickly shimmied through the gap so he could examine the pile of clothing. While he could not confirm that all the clothes were Elsa's, they were definitely the same style and colors. He could confirm that the boots were hers. She had drawn heart on her left boot with a permanent marker and it was still there.

He was excited that he had found a clue to Elsa's disappearance, but confused as to why her clothes were hidden. Whoever had taken her clothes was very respectful. Her clothes had been neatly folded and stacked as though they expected her to return. The first question that rumbled through his mind was, "What is she wearing now?"

Professor Connors was so excited about this discovery that he overlooked any other clues in the little alcove. He made the assumption that her clothes had just been stored here and she had been taken somewhere else. He made a quick perfunctory search of the alcove finding nothing and crawled back through the opening to the outside of the pyramid.

Now he had a starting point. He blew the whistle that he had in his pocket to gather all the other searchers close to him. He told them of his find and the need to search for tracks leading away from the pyramid. It only took a few minutes for the trackers to find a path leading away from the pyramid.

They found two pathways. The first was heavily trampled by many feet and was easy to follow. The second only had a single set of footprints, but all the plants were warped to the side. It was as if a small tornado had been along this path and pushed all the foliage aside. It honestly didn't matter which one they followed because they both paralleled each other.

After about a 30 minute walk they entered the village. It was a combination of modern construction and old adobe style houses. Most of the modern construction buildings were the governmental or common social structures. As they entered the village Professor Connors went to the largest building hoping to locate someone in charge or some kind of law enforcement. He instructed the rest of the men to begin searching all of the houses.

Ken knew she was here, but after 30 minute search they still had not found Elsa. The search party went through the entire village a second and even a third time and still found no trace of Elsa. They were just beginning the fourth search when a regal figure sensuously dressed in a white appeared.

Ix Chel had hoped that the search party would give up. However, when it became obvious that they would not she knew she had to make an appearance. She had expected that this would've been the case during her probes of Professor Connors mind last night. She had watched them search the village multiple times and it became very obvious that Professor Connors would not leave without Elsa.

Professor Connors walked slowly towards the figure seductively clad in white. He could see from her face, hair and skin tone that was Elsa, but that's where the similarities ended. The Elsa in front of him was beautiful, seductive and majestic. She exuded a noble power and a sensuous grace. She was indeed the most magnificent woman Ken had ever seen.

Ken had never seen Elsa in anything seductive. With her breasts scarcely covered, her midriff exposed and her hips barely draped in a seductive skirt, she was the most beautiful woman he ever seen. Her hair was styled differently, but it looked great. In addition, she had small amounts of makeup that brought out her eyes and lips. His mouth hung open in astonishment as his eyes almost bugged out of his head. This was the woman he dreamed of last night. He dreamed of the Elsa he knew and loved, but dressed seductively and she is now.

As Ix Chel walked towards him he was hypnotized by her eyes. Her hips swiveled side to side drawing attention to the brilliant stone swaying in her navel. She didn't even seem to walk, but glided as if on a cushion of air. Then when she stopped in front of him he was in a loss for words. Almost unconsciously he bowed his head and she began to speak in English.

She spoke in a voice that was almost unrecognizable as Elsa's. Her voice dripped with an air of supremacy and authority that was not used to being questioned, "I am Ix Chel. The woman you seek still resides in this body; however, I must use this body for a few more days. She will be returned to you intact and with much of the knowledge I will convey to her. You must however, allow me this time and leave this village."

As she spoke Professor Connors felt her words reverberate in his mind. While there was an authority to her voice in words, there was a sumptuous passion in his head. It felt as if her words were for everybody else, but her thoughts were lusciously seductive. He wasn't sure if he should bow down to her or grab her in his arms and kiss her.

As she finished her commands she haltingly turned and began walking away. Her back was almost as radiant as her front and it was gloriously naked all the way to her hips. For a moment Ken forgot to speak. When he did his voice was laced with Imperial respect, "Wait ... I ... ugh ... Need to know more."

Ix Chel stopped and turned and for a moment stared into his soul. Then with a voice that was more seductive than before said, "We will teach you all you need to know!"

Ix Chel turned and walked back into the hut from wince she came. At the door to the hut she turned and while looking at Ken said, "Come with me and I will answer a few of your questions." 

Ken stood there dumbfounded for a few moments. Professor Connors had never heard of such a thing. It was unheard of, a deity taking over and using a host for a certain period of time. Also he was awestruck by how radiantly Elsa looked and the authority she projected.

As her friend and protector he was very concerned. He had no idea how to get a deity out of a body, or for that matter how she got there in the first place. Ken wanted Elsa back, but had no idea how to do it. The scientist in him thought of all the knowledge that Elsa would have at the end of this experience. If she could retain a quarter of Ix Chel's knowledge she could write her own ticket in academia.

Despite his scientific curiosity he was worried about the little girl and the woman that he cared greatly about. He had found her, but there was nothing he could do right now. He gathered his search party and sent them out of the village. They all began their walk back to the pyramid unsure of what they had just seen.

No one was more in awe or more confused than Professor Connors. As the rest of the search party left he turned and walked through the door and into the hut that IxChel had disappeared into.

 

Chapter 8

Ix Chel stood in the center of the room awaiting the arrival of Professor Connors. She spoke to Elsa with her mind asking, "Is this the man you love?"

Elsa had gotten used to this method of communication with Ix Chel and thought, "Yes he is!"

Ix Chel smiled to herself and then spoke to Elsa, "He loves you too Elsa! However, both of you are fighting the hunger you have for each other. I will show you the craving you both have and your first lesson begins right now."

Ix Chel stood in the middle of the room until Professor Connors came in through the doorway. She immediately saw that he was confused as to why he was here and also the physical changes in the way Elsa looked. He was staring at her like she was the most gorgeous woman he'd ever seen. His eyes hungrily stripped her naked and caressed all of her exposed skin. As powerful as his passion was for Elsa he still held back. She was still his student and his responsibility.

Ix Chel used some of her psychic abilities to calm the professor. She let him know that Elsa wanted him as much as he wanted her. The professor was still reluctant to take the first step, so Ix Chel did it for him. As she built his desire, she undid the fastenings to her bodice and let it fall to the floor.

As she stood topless in front of him she could see him lick his lips and flex his hands as if he wanted to hold her. His desire for her was palatable, but he still held back. Ix Chel slowly and seductively closed the distance between them until her turgid nipples were caressing his shirt. She put her hands around his neck and pulled him down into a soft, needy kiss. It only took a second of the kiss to break through his resolve.

His arms slowly wrapped around her pulling her into a passionate embrace. His lips responded hungrily, with his tongue caressing her parted lips. Ix Chel felt her body tremble with desire as the kiss deepened. One of Ken's hands caressed soft skin of her back while the other moved around front to caress her breasts.

Elsa felt as if her head was going to explode. Her heart was beating wildly and the kiss took her breath away. His tongue slipped between her lips and danced seductively with hers. Ken's strong arms held her tight with his hands caressing her bare skin. When his hand moved around to hold her breast she almost collapsed in his arms.

It was everything she had hoped for and yet more than she had dreamed of. His kisses left her dizzy and disoriented, yet they encompassed all of her fantasies. Her knees began to give way and crumple as she swooned in his arms. She would have collapsed if not for Ix Chel's strength in controlling her body. His caresses, his kisses and his toying with her nipple all at the same time were more than Elsa could take. She watched, all while feeling every touch, as Ix Chel seduced the man she loved.

Ix Chel knew that Professor Connors would have regrets afterwards. She knew the first time she needed to be the seductress. Slowly she ended the kiss and pushed against his chest breaking his arms strong clinch. She took one step back and released the catch on her skirt letting it slide to the floor. Her unblemished skin was on display from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet. Ix Chel watched his eyes as he ravenously ogled her nude form. His eyes were full of lusty desire and desperate to make love to her. His hands rested on her hips and he began to pull her into another kiss.

Elsa almost felt embarrassed standing in front of Ken completely naked. She saw the eagerness in his stance with his hands on her hips and her embarrassment vanished. As his eyes greedily devoured her silky skin she felt pride and even felt sexy at the way he looked at her. She desperately wanted him to pull her in his arms and kiss her again, but she felt that Ix Chel had something else in mind.

Ix Chel stopped as she probed his mind letting him know that he needed to undress. When he finished undressing he was to lie on sleeping mat. Ken went over to the sleeping mat like it was his idea and began to undress. He followed her commands quickly unbuttoning and stripping off his shirt. Ix Chel felt her body tremble with desire as his strong powerful chest was revealed.

Ken's chest rippled with strong powerfully defined muscles. His arms were as big around as her thighs and his stomach was ripped in a powerful six-pack. Ix Chel knew that he could be a very powerful lover. Ken stripped off his hiking boots and undid his pants with his underwear following.

Ix Chel felt her cleft weep and her mouth water as this Adonis of a man was revealed. His cock was just as powerful as the rest of his body. Every part of his body exuded a masculine power, but especially his large voracious cock. It wasn't fully erect, but she knew she was in for a treat. Ix Chel was tempted to let this dominant man take her anyway he wanted. It had been so long since she had a forceful and robust lover. She was definitely looking forward to the time that he could be the aggressor, but for now she had to be the one.

Ken followed her commands, as he went and lay on his back on the sleeping mat. Ix Chel followed up her previous commands letting him know that he was to remain still. She allowed him only the capability to move his hands and arms. She also let Elsa know that she should watch and learn.

Ix Chel knelt at his side and began to kiss up his chest until their lips merged. His arms wrapped around her pulling her into a needy embrace while their mouths grappled for dominance. As their tongues dueled Ix Chel felt their smoldering magnetism burst into a gluttonous, all-consuming passionate fire. She hadn't been kissed like this in centuries. A big portion of this fiery kiss was the love that these two had for each other.

As the kiss continued she felt his hands caressing every inch of her silky skin. His hands roamed down her back and over her butt cheeks before reversing and cupping her breasts. Her nipples ached, begging for his attention and then she got it. As he caressed and pinched her nipples she felt the fires in her belly and between her legs burst into an inferno.

For Elsa this was more than a dream come true. His kisses and caresses sucked the breath from her body. She felt giddy and lightheaded, but her greedy body demanded more. Even her dreams had not been like this, but she wanted more while never wanting it to stop. One of his hands caressed down her belly began to stroke her drenched pussy. It was then that she got her wish. Her insatiable body had been demanding more and now he was giving it to her. She found it hard to breathe as the fire inside her consumed all the oxygen. She felt a climax building and it was already past anything she had never felt.

Ix Chel knew she was losing control the minute Professor Connors began caressing her clit. Her passion felt like a runaway train and she had no way to stop it. She broke the kiss gasping for air and moaning same time. This was the fiery passion that existed only between true lovers. Even though Ix Chel knew she needed to control this seduction, she gave in to his aggressive manipulation of her body. It had been a long time since she had an orgasm and she didn't want to stop this one.

His fingers pinched her nipple and her clit at the same time. The resulting explosion left her delirious with her body shivering in its aftermath. Ix Chel felt her belly clinch and back arch as waves of carnal fire consumed her body. Her body shook with an uncontrolled celestial super nova and quivered in a dreamy erotic fireworks display. Ix Chel felt her body wilt under the rapture as she collapsed on his chest.

Elsa had never felt anything like the orgasm that exploded inside her. She felt every muscle in her body cramp with fiery bliss as her cum took her breath away. When she could finally breathe again her whole body tingled in a way that told her she needed more. Now she knew why all those women came back for more loving and he was only getting started.

Ix Chel let the euphoria flow through her as Ken continued to let his fingers drum against her clit. As she felt another orgasm begin to build in her borrowed body Ix Chel pulled away as she kissed down his chest. His hand slipped from her drenched cleft, but latched onto her lust hardened nipples as her mouth closed in on his steel hard cock.

Ix Chel laved soft kisses and licks over the head of his cock as it lay nestled above his navel. As she sucked the head of his cock into her mouth he pinched her nipples. Her already frantic pussy convulsed in a carnal response to the adoring of her turgid hypersensitive bosom. She gasped and deeply inhaled his cock as sensual tremors seized her body.

When she finally came to her senses Ix Chel had taken his cock in her mouth. The salty taste of his pre-cum tasted wonderful. Her jaw seemed stretched wide with the girth of his cock and he was banging into the back of her throat. Ix Chell showed her how to relax her throat and take almost three quarters of his cock down her throat. His moans and the slight lifting of his hips let her know he loved her deep throating of his cock. It felt incredible making love to the man she loved. She felt powerful as Ken's cock would slide between her lips. She loved the feeling of having her throat filled with Ken while she took him in and out of her mouth.

Ix Chel could feel Elsa getting into sucking her man's cock. She knew that she was giving her man a loving she always dreamed of. Ix Chel began her teaching lessons of how to relax her throat, swirl her tongue and give pleasure to her man. Ken's groans and moans got louder and if possible his cock got larger. His fingers continued to toy with her nipples, keeping her excited and anxious to feel him buried inside her.

Ix Chel could tell that Ken was getting closer and relayed the information to Elsa. She sucked deeper and swirled her tongue around his cock redoubling her efforts. Her efforts were rewarded as the first rope of cum splashed against the back of her throat. Ken voiced a guttural grunt as his body tensed and shook with his orgasm.

Elsa felt a wave of euphoria pass through her as she felt the jets of cum splash into her mouth and slide down her throat. The man she loved was cumming inside her mouth and she could taste his seed on her tongue. This was the first time she had felt a man cum and incredibly it was in her mouth. Somehow gobbling his essence made her feel like a real woman. She didn't want to stop and Ix Chel let her continue to gorge on Ken's cock.

Ken's cock softened only slightly, but quickly regained its steely hardness as Elsa continued her magnificent blow job. However, Ix Chel couldn't wait any longer as she pulled away from his cock. She needed to have her pussy stuffed with this gorgeous hunk of man meat. Ix Chel pulled her nipples out of his grasp as she threw her leg over Ken's hips. She grasp his cock and began running it between her pussy lips, making sure to tease her clit with each stroke.
