 Okay, to all you loyal fans, few and far between, but loyal still. Here is chapter four, finally. I know, I know, long wait. I am working on chapter five as well and hopefully will have it worked out soon. Enjoy!

MJ

|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|

"Witherton!" snapped Jamie, and Devon pulled a fast salute while turning on his heel as he let go of me. 

"Yes, sir?" 

"Do you need to be here?" 

"No, sir." 

"Then get back to your post. Now." 

"Yes, sir. 

"Sorry Claire. We'll talk later." Called Devon over his shoulder as he walked quickly away. 

"Okay, my quarters at seven." 

"Major!" Barked Jamie. 

"Yes, sir." Came the reply. 

"What the hell was that, Claire? And why may I ask did you kiss him?" Jamie walked up close to me and stood towering over, making me feel very intimidated. 

"Not that it is any of your business, but . . ." 

"Oh but it is my business," interrupted Jamie. "I don't need my men getting distracted from their posts just because you make pretty eyes them." 

"Making pretty eyes? Now wait just one minute you arrogant bastard, but it is none of your damn business if I talk to one of you officers or not. And I wasn't making eyes at him."

"Ah, there you are wrong. Everything that pertains to you on this base involves me and is my business. And you were not just talking to him, you kissed him." Jamie's eyes were now narrowed with anger. 

"Yes I did kiss him, but I wanted to wish my lover a hello." I grinned inwardly at Jamie's tortured look. 

"What the hell do you mean lover?" He snarled and grabbed my arms, fingers digging in. I cried out in pain, but he didn't release me. "You don't have a lover." 

"Again, it is not any of your business what I do and don't have, and would you please let me go." This conversation was wearing me out. 

"No. Major Witherton had best not be your lover, or I will make his life a living hell, as well as yours." With that, Jamie claimed my mouth in a kiss meant to order me about. And sadly enough, I complied to his demands and let him take my mouth in a soul shattering, all consuming kiss. 

My arms were let go as Jamie wrapped his arms tightly around my waist, one hand sliding down to cup one of my buttocks, then giving it a firm squeeze. I slid my hands slowly up his chest and around his neck, my hands tangling in his hair, my body flush against his and bent back over his arms. 

Oh god! I felt like I was falling again. The suppressed feelings from the night before came flooding back and I let out a soft moan, his mouth capturing the sound and growling in reply. 

"God you taste so good, Claire," he murmured as he pulled back. He nuzzled the arch of my neck and held me even closer. I felt him sigh and I wondered at this amazing attachment he seemed to have for me. We had known each other less than twenty four hours and here he was making love to me in the simplest of ways. Yet they were some of the most shattering to my emotional well being and mental stability. I felt like I had no will when I was in his presence and that he would command me to his every wish if I complied vocally. 

He had no idea how close I was to giving in. Oh, he was an arrogant bastard. That was undeniable, and I am sure he knew it, but at the same time, here was a man that wasn't afraid to take what he wanted. I wanted him madly, but I also didn't want him to think he had the upper hand. Although I was starting to feel that I had obviously given it to him with me falling into his arms whenever he grabbed me and kissed me. I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer with the physical assault on my senses. At this rate, I would be in his bed by the time the next day passed. 

It was pure torture to my body to slowly push him away when he continued to hold me and nibble my neck. I tingled all over and as I hadn't pushed him forcibly away, he let me go. I breathed deeply to compose myself. 

Jamie gave me a careful look. "Would you please answer my question about Major Witherton?" When I nodded he repeated the query as to whether or not the major was my lover. 

"At one time he was, now he is a good friend." I looked at the Colonel warily. "But I cherish him deeply, so I know that if I ever needed anything, including companionship, he would be the one I could go to, and if there was no one else, I would." Which was completely true. I still loved him. Not the way I had back when I was young, but more as a person I trusted completely. One that I knew would take care of me if I let him or needed him too. It was a trust I knew I would go to if Jamie hurt me, and for one brief moment I saw the look of understanding and acceptance that of what I said. 

"I won't hurt you Claire." The Colonel made a very brash and bold statement considering the whole situation. 

" You can't guarantee that, but for now I will take you at your word. I still won't go along with you ordering me about though. As it is, I could have your ass wiping the floor considering your deliberate ignoring of Section 433 of the code of ethics. You know the one about higher authority and sexual harassment." I gave him a haughty look. 

"Oh come off your high horse, Claire. You know that only works if the victim isn't willing, and considering you practically groped me, it wouldn't fly in any court." 

For once I laughed. "Nope, it wouldn't work, but I am not going to be some toy of yours and I am certainly not going to fall all over you and concede to every wish you set forth with me. If anything, you are on a pretty high horse thinking I will just jump into bed with you." 

A muscle ticked in Jamie's jaw as he glared at me, and I knew he didn't like what I was saying. Finally he sighed and slumped his shoulders slightly. 

"Fine. But," he stepped close to me, towering over me, his smell permeating my nose, " that doesn't mean I won't try." I looked up at him. "Fair enough?" 

"Well, at least you've given me fair warning this time," I gasped out. He was just too darn close to make breathing easy. 

"Good." And he grabbed me around the waist again and pressed his full open lips to mine. 

Hell. Oh well, if I was going to go out, I might as well go out with a bang. I wrapped my arms around his neck and slid one long leg up his thigh to rest near his hip. And I gave a little moan. Might as well make it worth my while. This was too good to resist. I already knew he wanted me. Maybe I needed to make him want me even more. 

The kiss lasted for what seemed forever and for once he was the one to pull away. 

"I think I had best get back to doing something," he wheezed and stepped back. He turned sharply and I saw him weaving off like a drunken man. 

I laughed quietly and sank into my seat to let out a huge sigh. Seeing a loose sheaf of paper, I fanned my flaming cheeks and stared dreamily off into the distance, which was pretty much the wall of the office. 

What a rush. So that was what it was like to hold the power. I liked it. Oh did I like it. With Devon, I had molded to his demands. Not that I hadn't liked them, but wow was it nice to make someone else feel disoriented. At least I knew now that if I stepped up the passionate side of things, I might have more control than I thought. Hmm, maybe that was what I needed to get myself where I could access the personal files. If I played my cards right, I could get the Colonel's private password, or passwords and have a field day with the system. 

Well, there was only one way to find out. I would have to be my most alluring self that I could be. Anything to keep him guessing and wanting more. Anything to say that I wanted him and I was going to have him, but only on my terms. 

Was I nuts? Possibly. Considering I had never seduced a man, I was a little out of my league. But when one is out of their league, there was only one answer. Get help from someone who knew a whole lot more. 

Devon. 

I guess tonight was going to be more than just catching up. I smiled giddily at the thought and jumped back into my work, flying through papers and waiting anxiously for the time I got off. 

When lunchtime came around I declined Helson's offer to eat with him in the mess hall and instead ordered something into my office so that I could have some peace and quiet to look over the list of things available to have sent up from the kitchen to one's quarters. I wanted to enjoy the evening with Devon without having to eat where there was a possibility of Jamie butting in. 

Sometime around mid-afternoon, Jamie came back for a few moments to ask if I would have dinner with him in his quarters. I declined as graciously as I could without giving too much information. Jamie wasn't happy at all and he left with a scowl marring his features. Even that looked sexy on him though. I sighed and decided to ignore the petulance he had exuded. Sometimes men acted like spoiled little boys. It was utterly annoying. 

The rest of the afternoon was a blur as I sifted through files, finding just a few errors in some of the monies, but nothing that was crucial. As I stacked the last of the files for the night, I arched my back and heard it crack. 

I needed a long soak in the tub before Devon came. I dragged myself out of my chair and headed out of the office, clicking off the light. Jamie was waiting for me, a smile on his face as he caught my arm and pulled me close. I was too weary to resist, and I found myself snuggled against his warm chest. 

"Did we wear you out, Claire?" He rumbled into my ear. 

I nodded and sighed, snuggling closer. He felt just to darn good and it felt good to have someone hold me up. He wrapped his arms around me and gave me one of the nicest hugs I could have received in a while. 

"Can I walk you back to your quarters?" 

"Yeah. I would like that," I answered. 

He gathered the files I was carrying and a stack of tablets as well, leaving my arms free for once. 

The walk back to my room was quiet, with just the comfortableness of being together. When we got to my quarters, he didn't bug me to come in and left me inside the door with just a light kiss before he turned down the hall to enter his room. 

I was surprised, but knew it was wisest to just leave it alone. I closed the door and fell onto one of the sofas to just relax for a while before I took a soak in the tub and got into something more comfortable when Devon came.