 This installment ends on a dark note, worthy of my screen name. This note will be revisited a few- more times during this series. Reader discretion is advised.

****************

Ben Kidder woke up in his bed with a smile. He wasn't sure what he had dreamed that night but, as the memories of losing his virginity the night before came flooding back, he guessed it couldn't have held a candle to that. With wakefulness came the awareness of the other minds linked to his. Felicia, his orange tabby familiar, was in the den, feeling worried and anxious. Susan was on her way to work at the call center and Krista was in the bathroom, washing her hands.

Ben stretched out in his bed and groaned in delight. He could still feel the memory of Krista's warm body as it had writhed under him. He wanted a reprise of last night as soon as possible, but he needed to take a leak before that. He rolled out of his bed when he felt Krista leave the bathroom. He pulled his boxers and pants up and zipped up. He left the bedroom and smiled at seeing her. Standing in his hallway, she was a vision of beauty and sexiness, wearing one of his T-shirts that barely came down to cover her ass.

He sighed in appreciation of the sight, prompting her to turn around and see him. "Ben," she said, "you're up." The small smile she gave him made him not so sure if he could speak coherently so he just smiled back at her. "We need to talk."

Ben pointed to the bathroom door and then reached for the doorknob. "Uh, as soon as I, uh," he stammered and nodded towards the door.

"Yeah, sure," she said, "I'll wait in the bedroom."

Ben couldn't help smiling as he went into the bathroom. The thought of having a hot girl, his hot girl, waiting for him in his bedroom, made him have to concentrate on not getting a boner, so he could pee. She was his magically dominated slave, but she had leaped into his embrace and started kissing him last night, which led to them making sweet love. He hadn't given her any orders other than to relax, accept the fact that he had magic and be herself. Her actions had been her own and that fact filled his heart with hope. He has finally found a girl that loved him and all was right with the world. After he finished peeing, he washed his hands and checked his reflection in the mirror. His face was the same as it had always been, but his grin and the glint in his eye were unmistakable signs of how changed he was feeling on the inside.

He went to the bedroom and leaned against the doorjamb. Krista was sitting on the edge of his bed, facing him. His eyes immediately locked onto her thighs that were pressed together so as to not reveal her bare pussy to his hungry gaze. He felt a blush creep up on his face, but couldn't look away.

"Ben," she said, getting him to flick his eyes upwards and meet hers. "I don't think I could ever tell you just how glad I am that you had used your magic to save me. I simply don't know how to properly express my gratitude for you saving my life."

"Boss," Felicia said, prompting Ben to turn his full attention to her. He had nearly flinched at hearing her voice, but he remembered he was the only one that could hear her speak. Her worry was coming to a head and he wondered why she was worried. "I don't know how to say this, cause I suspect it will make you really, really mad, but... This bitch slid out from under you after you fell asleep and then discreetly rifled through all your possessions."

Ben's mouth dropped open. He glanced back at Krista, who was telling him something about how she was always running scared in this big, cold world and how she would love to have someone like him to depend upon.

"After she went through all your stuff," Felicia continued, "she took your computer and went through that, too." Ben gulped at the thought of Krista having seen his porn collection. It served strictly as his one release for all of his base impulses. He wanted to tell her it meant nothing to him and that those pictures and videos were just audio-visual aids, but he felt too embarrassed to broach the subject, especially as he didn't know if Krista had seen it in the first place.

"She saw your porn," Felicia said, making Ben close his eyes and wince, "but she didn't make any comment about it. She was more interested in your banking information and account balance."

Ben's eyes flicked repeatedly between his familiar on the floor by the bed and the hot girl sitting on the bed. Krista noticed and gave the cat a puzzled glance, but then continued with her talk. She was saying something about trust, but Ben hardly heard her as he was focused on what Felicia had to say.

"She took out a bunch of credit cards in your name," Felicia said, making Ben gasp in betrayal. "The physical cards will arrive by mail by the end of the week, but she also managed to take out a few virtual ones and those will be activated by end of business today." 

Ben felt sick to his stomach. His whole world seemed to turn upside down. He knew his familiar wasn't lying to him. Felicia was simply incapable of doing that to him. She couldn't even embellish the truth.

Krista didn't love him. She was going to try and rob him blind for the second time.

He couldn't reconcile this revelation with her feverish thanks of last night and the fact that she had seduced him, or the passionate way she had responded to his lovemaking. All the bad thoughts and doubts he had endured in the spring, when she had conned him out of his parents' money, came back strong and threatened to overwhelm him. She had kicked him in the heart all over again and he held on to his sanity by the thinnest of threads.

Krista couldn't help but notice the shocked expression on his face and she leaned over to bring her smiling face into his field of vision. She waved a hand at him and said, "Earth to Ben, are you even listening to me?"

Ben wiped the tears that were forming in his eyes and sent her the order to shut up. Krista resisted the order unsuccessfully and looked shocked at her inability to speak. "I'm so sorry, Boss," Felicia said. "I know you loved her despite what she did to you and I know you wanted her so badly, but... I'm sorry."

Ben cleared his throat and nodded at the soft words of sympathy. He looked at Krista and sent her the order to say the word "yes" if she loved him and the word "no" if she didn't. He held his breath and waited for the answer, hoping against hope that it will be "yes". He felt her trying to resist the order, but she said, "No," in the end.

A strangled sob escaped his throat as he doubled over in such an intense heartache that it nearly made him feel physical agony. He moaned, wordlessly. Krista got up from the bed and rushed to give him a hug. He pushed her back with an extended arm and said, "Stay away from me!" 

He sent her the order to tell him whether or not she took out credit cards in his name. When she confirmed doing so, he shut his eyes, clenched up his fist and punched the doorjamb, making Krista jump back in fright. His fist started to throb in the most disconcerting way, but he ignored it. He knew it would quickly heal under the effects of his Regeneration feat. He preferred having physical agony to focus on as it made it possible for him to fight the twisting knife of betrayal in his gut.

He couldn't fathom why she would do what she did. If she wanted to go gambling again, despite what the bikers had nearly done to her, and take money from him, whom she knows to be a magician, then she was beyond salvation. He could send her the telepathic order to tell him the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, about her motives, but he didn't want to do that. Not knowing why she had tried to rob him blind for the second time was one of the things that was stopping him from wailing on her. He strongly suspected that if he knew for a fact that she had done the terrible things she had done just to feed her addiction, then he'd lose his cool and even his upbringing wouldn't be enough to hold back his more violent impulses.

"Is your hand going to be ok, Boss," Felicia softly asked.

"Yes," Ben snarled in response. Tears were flowing freely out of his eyes and he couldn't stop them. He felt like a wuss for crying in front of Krista and Felicia. He sent Krista the order to go sit in the den and not move until he came and got her. She fearfully squeezed past him and went down the hall to the den. "Felicia, guard her!"

The cat wordlessly went to follow the girl, leaving him alone to slam the bedroom door shut and fall prostrate on the bed. Left alone, he cried. He let it all out. He cried for his lonely adolescence and all the put-downs the girls he liked had aimed at him. He cried for all the dreams Krista had inspired in him, twice now, and then burned in betrayal. He cried for his future, in which he seemed to be condemned to eternal loneliness.

Ben lost track of time as he cried out all of his many frustrations. When he finally calmed down a bit, his stomach grumbled painfully and he realized he was very hungry. He sent Krista the order to make breakfast for them and to open and warm up a can of cat food for Felicia. As he felt the girl follow his order, under Felicia's close scrutiny, he debated himself over what to do with her.

Now that she had revealed her proclaimed feelings for him as false, he felt that any further sexual activity would be tantamount to rape. No matter how tempted he was by her body, he wasn't going to stoop so low. Keeping her as his sex slave was simply not an option. That only left him with two options he could think of: letting her go free, or turning her in to the authorities. Turning her over to that gangster the bikers had mentioned was simply beneath him. He was leaning towards sending her to jail, as letting her loose doubtlessly meant that she would continue with her criminal activities and he would feel responsible for the hurt that befell her future victims. He didn't want anyone to ever feel like she made him feel.

Calling the police on her seemed like his only option, but he didn't particularly like it. It was so impersonal. The idea of having her hauled off in handcuffs just felt like he was getting robbed of what was rightfully his. He supposed he could use his spells to teleport into the jail invisible and see what her days were like, but that just didn't hold much appeal to him. He wanted to do something else to her. Something more immediate and satisfying. He needed it. He needed to avenge the wrongs she had done to him, before sending her off to be punished for her other misdeeds. He wanted to punish her himself. He wanted to make her suffer and witness it firsthand. 

He sensed she was finishing up their breakfast so he reluctantly put on a T-shirt and went to the kitchen. The food smelled good and was arranged on his small dining table against the kitchen's external wall. Krista pulled out a chair for him. He pointedly ignored it and pulled out the other chair to sit on. They sat and ate the breakfast she made in silence. His hand was feeling much better.

Despite the delicious food, his thoughts were running in circles, centered on how to deal with her. He was halfway though his breakfast when he decided he was simply too devoid of information to make an informed decision. He sent her the order to tell him the truth about what she had done with the money she had conned him out of in February. He felt her try to resist the order and fail. She hesitated in fulfilling his order as she had to concentrate hard on remembering what she had done with the money. Ben's brow drew down in anger. She had taken all the money his parents had managed to set aside after eighteen years of hard work and sacrifice and for her it had, apparently, been a day like any other.

She finally remembered and told him how she went to an Indian casino a few days after she had taken his cash and used it to gamble there, along with the money she had taken from her other marks. She had blown it all in just a few hours.

Her short tale made Ben livid. All the efforts of his parents throughout the years were wasted for half an hour's excitement at the craps table. He wanted to give her the order to stand up and hold still while he made a fist with his right hand, stepped forward with his left foot, pivoted on it and slammed his fist into her face with the full weight of his body behind it. He wanted to see her head bounce off the wall.

The realization that she had turned him into the lowest kind of bottom-dweller, a loser that liked to beat up girls, made his vengeful wrath subside a little. His rational side called and let him know that he was thinking about things all wrong. No one could make him do anything, or turn him into anyone. He was the only one with that kind of power, as far as he knew. All of his urges and thoughts were his and the responsibility for them rested solely with him. Her presence and actions were no excuse for him to abandon his morals and act like an animal. 

"I was going to go all Amelié on this bitch and gaslight her and find out where my parents' money got to and now it's all ruined," he thought to himself. His parents' money was lost to never be recovered again and she had almost managed to play him again, despite him having a magical tether to her brain. Such was the effect she had on him. "It's like she's playing with loaded dice."

As soon as Ben complained to himself about her uncanny ability to make him sweaty and/or compliant, an idea popped into his head, offering him a compromise between his burning desire for vengeance and his aspirations to not be a bad guy. He smiled as he worked out a way to punish her, inspired by her gambling addiction. They finished breakfast and he sent her the order to cancel all the credit cards she had taken out in his name and ordered her to never, ever try to take his money from him again. Much to his surprise, she didn't try to resist either order. She went to the den to use his computer to cancel the cards. He remained seated in the kitchen, working out his idea.

When he sensed she had finished, he sent her the order to make two lists. On one list, she would put ten things she would hate doing, experiencing or having done to her and rank them from worst to least objectionable. On the other list, she would do the same, but list ten things she would love doing, or experiencing and then rank them. He got up, cast the Prestidigitation spell and used it to clean all the dishes and their dirty clothes from last night. He cast a Mending spell on her torn, red thong. It had looked pretty on her last night.

He then joined her in the den and waited a few minutes for her to finish her lists. He took them and looked them over. He sent her the order to redo the bad list without the entries that included her going to jail, or getting maimed and paralyzed in accidents. He frowned at what she had put on the good list. All the entries on it included either gambling, sex with Hollywood celebrities, or gambling for sex with Hollywood celebrities. He sent her the order to redo the good list entirely and to not include any more gambling or sex with celebrities. He did note that one of the celebrities she had listed was Charlize Theron. He forced himself to not be distracted by a daydream of Krista and the statuesque blonde making out.

When she finished, he had her explain a few entries on each list that he wasn't familiar with. He blushed at learning that those were slang terms for kinky sexual activities. He sent her the order to unite the two lists in order, placing the thing she would hate experiencing the most on number one and the thing she would love experiencing the most on number twenty.

Ben then took out a twenty-sided die from his desk drawer and held it up before her eyes. "This is the d20," he said. "It's the basis for my favorite game, Advanced Dungeons and Dragons. Take it!" She took the black dice in her hand and looked at the golden numbers etched into it. "Since you love gambling so much, you are now going to roll this dice and then you are going to do whatever you've listed under the number that comes up. Got it?"

Her eyes flicked between the dice and the list. He could sense her apprehension and excitement at the prospect of what he was going to make her do. She was dreading the idea of doing the things from one to ten and looking forward to doing the things from eleven to twenty, both at the same time. He felt her oscillate between dread and elation until the dice weighed over. It was the gambling that excited her, even if the stakes were unusual for her.

"Cradle that dice, Krista," he told her. "Caress it, blow on it, talk to it. Do whatever it is that you gambling addicts do to make it roll your way, cause you are about to gamble with it. And the stakes are the ones you've made up for yourself."

He felt her shudder in excitement and sent her the order to roll the dice across the table. She held it loosely in her fist and blew over it before rolling it around in her fist and letting it go. The dice clattered noisily on the wooden desktop and rolled almost all the way to its opposite edge before stopping. The number on the top side was four. It was a low number and it meant something she would really not like to experience. Ben sent her the order to read aloud the entry and explain it.

"Number four," she said and cleared her throat, nervously, "suck clean a dick that was just in my ass. It's pretty self-explanatory. I don't particularly enjoy anal sex and I don't want to have a cock with some of my own filth on it stuck into my mouth for cleaning. It's demeaning and unhygienic."

"And it's exactly what we're going to do," Ben said. He sent her the order to do as the list item read. He sensed her dread and apprehension and found himself enjoying those sensations. They felt like revenge.

"Lube," she asked. He smiled and shook his head no. "Butter, lard, Crisco?" Ben just smiled his evil smile. He was starting to really like his idea. He told himself this wasn't anal rape, since she was the one that put the item on the list and rolled the dice. He didn't care that he made her do both of those things.

Krista nodded to herself and took off the T-shirt she was wearing. She stood before him naked as the day she was born and he couldn't help his eyes taking in her curves yet again. Her small, pink nipples were erect. She soon knelt before him and undid the zipper on his pants. She pushed his pants and shorts down, freeing his dick and put her lips over it. He was about to remind her that he was supposed to fuck her ass first, but she started to suck on his cock as it was filling up with blood and he found himself temporarily unable to speak, or send telepathic orders, for that matter.

She slid her lips up and down his shaft, using her tongue to caress it. Her mouth was very wet and, when she pulled her face off his cock, he could see his cock was glistening with her saliva. He smiled. She was improvising a lubricant out of her own spit. She took a deep breath and swallowed all of his shaft, making the head of it slip into her throat. She retched and produced more spit to coat his cock with. Pretty soon, his cock was covered in thick, sticky streamers of her spittle. Her tongue was tickling the sensitive underside of his glans and he realized she was trying to make him as excited as possible to make her anal experience as short as possible.

He stepped back and reluctantly parted from her mouth's caress. He said, "Stand up and bend over!"

Krista slowly stood up and turned around. She bent over and put her hands atop the desk for support. Ben focused on the link between their minds, making it expand and providing him with her sensory input and responses. He wanted to know exactly how he was making her feel. He grasped the base of his cock with two fingers and aimed it at her brown pucker. He felt her disgust when the slimy head of his cock touched her asshole. He made his cock slide around her anus and saw her all but shudder in anticipation of the penetration.
