 Ben Kidder's wake up on Thursday morning was an unprecedented event for him. He was in his own bed, but he was sandwiched between two gorgeous girls and all of them were wearing just their underwear, allowing for a lot of skin to skin contact. Krista was in his arms, facing him, and Raven was sleeping with her back to his. There was barely enough room in his queen size bed for all three of them.

At first, he thought that he was still dreaming, but then he felt the tired mind of his familiar, Felicia. She was sitting on his bedstand, watching over Raven, as per his orders, lest the blonde try to do something in the night. Raven had cried hysterically last night, deeply affected by both witnessing Simon's execution and narrowly escaping her own demise, all the way until she passed out in exhaustion. Nonetheless, Ben had given the order for her to be watched.

He had been just as tired and shook up as her, so he laid her out in his bed and fell asleep right next to her. His last memory before sleep claimed him was of Krista worming her way into his arms.

Susan, his first slave, was at work, demanding attention from the employees at the call center so she could illuminate them about the dangers of alien abduction. He ignored her and focused on the mind of his second slave, Krista. He could feel she was still asleep. He opened his eyes and looked upon the face of his cute, little con artist and gambling addict. There was a bit of dry drool in the corner of her mouth, which made him grin. She looked so soft and inviting while she slept. It was a shame she had tried to rob him blind while she was awake. He was disappointed to feel her breasts encased in a bra that she had bought yesterday. It was a sexy, black, lacy thing, but he had preferred her braless.

"Oh, good," Felicia said, in a tired voice that only he could hear in his mind, "you're up. Does that mean I can finally get some sleep around here?"

Ben squinted at his familiar and then nodded yes. She stood up, stretched and then walked off the nightstand to climb into bed, waking Krista as she walked over her face to slide under the sheets. Krista moaned in protest at the rude awakening.

"What are you doing," Ben whispered at Felicia.

Felicia wedged herself between him and Krista and closed her eyes. He heard her say, "I need my cutie sleep," before he felt her doze off.

He felt Krista's discomfort as she grimaced and squinted at him. He was feeling tempted to dismiss Felicia and get himself a raven familiar instead. Those could at least stay awake for more than six hours a day. He settled for merely shaking his head in displeasure. Aside from the experience point cost, he really liked his cat and could never give her up, though she was far from perfect. Krista yawned and slid her arms out from under Felicia. She propped herself up on one elbow and gave his bedroom a bleary-eyed once over. He felt her disbelief at the dilapidated state of it.

He understood how she felt. The place was a dump that he only got because it had literally been the cheapest place on the market, back when he had been desperately scrounging for his tuition fee. Now, though, he was a level nineteen sorcerer with more than thirty thousand dollars to his name. An upgrade to his living quarters was definitely due.

He felt Krista needing to go to the toilet and she clambered out of bed to go relieve herself. As she did that, she roused Raven and Felicia both. Ben felt his familar's annoyance and ignored it. He rolled over to lie on his back and watched Krista leave. After that, he took a look at Raven. She rolled over on her back, too. After a night of nearly getting bludgeoned to death and then bawling her eyes out, she looked like a broken angel, ready to fall into the deepest, darkest pit of despair at the wrong word or gesture. He swallowed nervously. He never quite knew what to say, or do, when girls cried, and he always felt the need to help them.

His current situation was a little bit different, since he had been in the room with her when the crazy christian trio had beaten Simon to death. He had flinched at the dull thuds of the baseball bat, right alongside her. When he looked into her huge, bright blue eyes, rimmed with red, he saw pretty much the same as what he felt: the desire to not think about last night. He didn't even want to remember it at all.

She rolled towards him and put her hand over his stomach. "Thank you for saving me," she softly said.

Ben nodded. They shared a quiet look of understanding and she looked like she was going to cry again. The toilet flushed in the bathroom and they heard Krista start the water in the sink. They both grinned at the interruption and Ben said, "How about some breakfast?"

Raven bit her lower lip and nodded. "Yes, please," she said.

Ben smiled and sent Krista the order to make breakfast for the three of them. He felt her resist the order unsuccessfully and leave the bathroom for the kitchen, where she got busy with cooking. He raised his hand and put it over Raven's on his stomach. "Listen," he said, "I know that last night was a bit intense for you, what with... the attack... and all that... but, you're welcome to stay here until you get your bearings. Ok?"

Raven nodded, sniffing back a tear. "Thank you," she said. "May I go to the bathroom, please?"

"Of course," Ben said. "It's the white door in the hallway." He pointed out the bedroom door and Raven smiled.

"Thank you," she said and slid out of his bed. For the second time that morning, Ben was treated to the sight of an underwear clad girl walking away from him. He let his eyes wander from her strapless, demicup bra, down her smooth back, to her firm buttocks, covered by boyshorts. He sighed in quiet appreciation.

"Boss," Felicia spoke up, "are you forgetting about her breaking in here and going through your stuff?"

"Of course not," Ben whispered at her. "Do you take me for a complete backbirth?" In lieu of an answer, the cat kept silently staring at him. "Look, I know she's up to no good. She knows about magic. My magic, to be specific. She and that dead guy knew something about it. Plus, the only thing to disturb her last night was the killing. She hadn't even blinked twice at being teleported across town, or me appearing next to her, out of thin air. I need to find out exactly what she knows. She's my first and only lead to answers. I need to know how I got my power. Why I got my power."

"Why don't you just dominate her like Krista and order her to tell you the truth?"

Ben answered her with a reproachful glare. "Because that would be wrong," he whispered.

"You did it twice before!"

"With Susan it had been self-defense," he whispered, "and I had to dominate Krista or she'd be raped and murdered. I'm not going to just violate the mind of everyone I come across. I'm not a monster."

"I though you needed answers, Boss," the cat said.

"I do," he said, "and I'll get them. But not that way."

"So, what, you're gonna wait for her to just volunteer all the information she's got? And I guess you're going to believe her word that it's the truth?" The toilet flushed again and the sink started running. Ben put his finger across his lips and shushed at Felicia. "Yeah, that's a real brilliant plan you got there, Boss. Let me know how it works out for you." The cat yawned, revealing her long fangs, and then closed her eyes and curled up under the sheet to go to sleep.

Ben's lips twisted up in a sour grin. He suspected Felicia to be right about dominating Raven. He needed answers and he needed them way back on Sunday morning. Dominating Raven and simply ordering her to tell him everything was the smart way to go about getting them. He sighed unhappily. He had seen the girl get backhanded by Simon. He had seen the look on her face when Simon had threatened her life. He had heard her beg miserably for her life just last night. He just couldn't bring himself to violate her mind after all that misery.

Raven exited the bathroom and returned to the bedroom, drawing his eyes to her figure again. He couldn't stop himself from feasting upon her beauty. She bent over the chair as she retrieved her clothes from last night. She looked a bit hesitant to put them back on.

"Listen," he said, after forcing himself to look up at her eyes as she turned them towards him, "if you'd like, you can wear something of mine." He pointed to his wardrobe.

She looked where he pointed and asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yeah," he said. "You're the same height as I, without your heels, and I think my stuff would fit you comfortably. Please, help yourself to some sweats, or something. It's all clean."

Raven smiled a radiant smile at him and it nearly made his heart skip a beat. "Thanks! I will!" She reached behind herself and undid the clasp on her bra.

Before Ben could react, her breasts were exposed to his gaze. They hardly sagged at all once their support was removed. With his wide eyes locked on her pale pink areolas, he didn't notice that she barely suppressed a satisfied grin. She walked over to his wardrobe, making her big bosom sway in a most delightful way, and opened it. She rummaged through the contents, making her breasts jiggle. He swallowed against the dryness in his throat.

"Boss," Felicia said, "could you please point your throbbing boner someplace else? I don't want your semen in my fur."

Ben looked away from the gorgeous girl and noticed his erection for the first time. He had become rock hard at the mere sight of her bare breasts and knew it wasn't going to go down anytime soon. His face turned beet red in his embarrassment. He didn't know if she had noticed his boner and he prayed that she hadn't as he bent his leg at the knee and drew it up to conceal his hardness.

"Do you think these would fit me," Raven asked. He looked up to see her big breasts staring at him again. Raven was holding tracksuit bottoms in front of her legs and posing for him. 

He swallowed twice before managing to tear his gaze from her tits and angling it up at her face. Her expression was that of someone innocently waiting for an answer. For all her nudity and his embarrassment, she was acting like there was absolutely nothing out of the ordinary going on. "Um, yeah," he managed to get out at long last.

"Cool," she said and smiled. She immediately began to step into the garment to put it on. Her breasts jiggled and jostled with her every move, making Ben's arousal heighten and his dick begin to leak clear fluid from its tip. He realized he was sweating under the thin sheet and it was barely nine a.m. He closed his eyes to try and banish the sight of that perfect, ample bosom from his mind. It wasn't working.

When he opened them again, she was standing in front of the wardrobe and lightly hopping in place. Ben's mouth fell wide open as he watched her big tits bounce up and down her chest, completely unrestrained. They were even softly slapping against one another as she tossed her long hair back and went back to looking down her body.

Felicia poked her head out of the sheet and looked to the source of the soft, slapping noise. "The fuck is she doing, Boss? Is this some kind of weird, human, mating ritual?"

"No," Ben said. He stopped himself too late and winced as he realized he was heard by Raven.

She stopped bouncing, looked up at him in surprise and then nodded. "Yeah, you're right," she said. "These just don't work. I'll find another pair." She stripped out of the tracksuit and rummaged through his wardrobe, looking for another pair. While she was doing that, Ben restrained himself from admiring her smooth flesh and focused on not cumming in his bed. Her tits had gotten him aroused to the point of madness. He needed to cum badly. He knew he'd spray his seed as soon as he ran a single finger over his glans. He just needed her to leave the room already, so he could take care of business.

"Seriously, Boss," Felicia said, "why the fuck was she jumping just now?"

"Why were you skipping," Ben asked Raven.

Raven turned around and seemed surprised by the question. "Oh, I just wanted to make sure they wouldn't slide down my legs if I moved around in them," she innocently said.

"Sure she did," Felicia said. She chuckled and pulled her head back under the covers. "Boss, could you get her out so I could sleep, please? She's very disturbing."

Ben struggled for words as Raven kept looking at him like she was waiting for some sign of approval from him. He also struggled to not look down at her immense knockers while she was facing him and looking him right in the eye. "Right," he finally said. "Carry on. Uh, all the tracksuits have, um, elastic in the waistband, so, uh, they won't slide down... if you, you know, uh, move around in them."

Raven looked positively delighted by that piece of information and smiled. "Thanks," she said and turned back to the wardrobe.

Ben let out a tense breath and wiped his face in frustration. He didn't want to blow his load right then and there and make her think he was some kind of desperate weirdo. He tried to get his cock to slide back into his boxers so he would be covered if he left the bed to go to the bathroom, but all he succeeded in doing was bringing himself to the very brink of orgasm.

In desperation, he sent Krista the order to come and get Raven out of the bedroom in a way that didn't make her suspect anything. Almost instantly, he saw Krista jogging down the hallway towards him. She was dressed in some new clothes she had bought yesterday. They looked good on her, a classical white blouse and black skirt combo. She dashed into the room, paused at the door and put on a fake smile. "Raven," she said, startling the tall blonde, "won't you come and help me with breakfast? It's the least you could do to thank Ben for saving you last night!"

Raven turned around in surprise and gave Krista a good once over with the type of gaze women use whenever they meet a new woman. It was meant to notice a thousand miniature details of Krista's appearance and bearing, correlate them with everything recently seen in fashion and beauty magazines, and instantly come up with a complete socio-economic profile of the subject before her, along with all of her preferences, ambitions and a pretty good idea of their relative positions in the pecking order.

Ben gleaned his realization of this from Krista's mind. Since Krista had only had yesterday to shop for herself, the picture she presented her rival, Raven, with, was woefully inadequate in her own mind. She blustered through the inequality and stood her ground. "Come along, you can play dress up later!"

"Wait," Raven said, "I need to first put some clothes on. I don't want to get the kind of hot grease that you probably do all your cooking in on my bare skin."

Ben felt Krista's rage at the last statement and struggled to understand which part of it was so insulting that it made her want to kill Raven and throw her body in the river. Krista showed no outward sign of any displeasure. She smiled and said, "Nonsense! I have an apron for you to put on! Now, come along! There's work to be done."

Raven stood still and cocked her head. She scrunched up her cute face in a doubtful grimace and said, "Are you sure you have an apron that could cover all of this?" She pushed her bosom up with her hands, nearly making Ben groan at the sight of it. "My breasts are so delicate and sensitive... I'd hate to be forced to endure scars for the rest of my life, just because you were clumsy and dropped something."

Ben nearly panicked as he felt Krista overflow with murderous rage at hearing Raven's words. Krista, for her part, chuckled and said, "You're so funny! And vain! I had no idea that you were one of those girls that has to dress up just to trim her own nails." She gave an exaggerated eye-roll. "I mean, that kind of stuff must get really old with your boyfriends, like, real quick."

Raven smiled and said, "I've never had a boyfriend complain about anything I ever did. Not a single one of them. Not even once."

Once he saw all the hatred he could feel inside of Krista wasn't going to result in bloodshed any time soon, Ben rolled his eyes at the cat fight in front of him. It was so silly and stupid that it almost made his wood lose strength. He sent Krista the order to turn Raven around and away from him and keep her occupied while he got out of bed and went to the bathroom.

Krista gently put her hands on Raven's shoulders and turned her around to face the wardrobe. "Well, then, let's focus on finding something you can cover yourself up with," she said.

Ben seized his chance and slid out of bed to do the awkward, three legged shuffle to the bathroom. Once there, he pulled out of his mental link with Krista, sick and tired of her petty cattiness, and slid his boxers off his cock. He stood up straight, locked the door and seized his shaft. He used a finger to spread the pre-cum all over his glans and lubricate the way for his foreskin. He tugged it back and forth across the head of his cock and was almost instantly on the verge of cumming. He shut his eyes and played the image of Raven bouncing her huge boobs in his mind. He groaned and shot his load into the mirror over the sink.

He gasped for breath for a few moments, before he managed to recover. He wiped his cum from the mirror and tossed his boxers into the dirty clothes hamper. They were the only thing there. He shrugged and decided he'd just Prestidigitate them clean after his shower. He got in his tub and turned on the water. He set it to lukewarm and let it soak him from head to toe. He quickly and efficiently lathered himself up before rinsing it all away.

In less than twenty minutes, he was clean, shaven and wearing clean boxers. He left the bathroom and was delighted by the smell of food. He grinned and went to the bedroom to get dressed. When he came to the kitchen, he was pleasantly surprised to see the girls were both alive and well. There were no bloodstains to be seen and they both appeared to have all of their appendages present. Both girls smiled at him warmly as they finished setting the small, kitchen table.

Each girl pulled out a chair for him and then gave the other one a look as if suddenly realizing that there were only two chairs set at the table. Raven and Krista both sat down in their chair at the same time and shot the other one a look of animosity. They both looked over to Ben at the same time and realized their mistake. They jumped out of their seats and gestured for him to sit down instead.

Ben raised his hand to preempt their sales pitch over which seat was better for him and said, "Sit down, both of you!" He turned on his heel and went to the den. He picked up the chair from his writing desk and brought it to the kitchen. The girls scooted their seats a bit back to let him sit down with them. Each now occupied one side of the table, while the forth was against the wall.

The three of them enjoyed their breakfast in relative silence. The girls flanked him and flashed warm, inviting smiles at him. Krista pointed out that she made it all and Raven retorted that she helped serve it. Ben ignored them and shoveled scrambled eggs into his mouth. They were really soft and really tasty. He moaned in appreciation, making Krista smirk at Raven. Raven responded by quirking an eyebrow and then stretching her arms above her head and yawning, making her ample bosom stretch the red cardigan she was wearing. When she lowered her arms to continue eating, she shot Krista a smug grin.

The rest of the food was consumed without open warfare breaking out. Ben looked at the two beautiful girls smiling at one another. Despite looking perfectly civil, he felt like they were going to start a fight at any moment. It was one of the most disorienting sights of his life. He sighed and decided to break them up. He sent Krista the order to clear the table and wash everything the old fashioned way.
