 Ben Kidder woke up on the floor of his den, in front of his couch. It was Saturday morning and his back was sore from sleeping on the floor for half the night. The many minds connected to his let themselves be known. Felicia was impatient and hungry. Susan was telling her lover in Corporate that she was going to get taken by aliens and the other three girls were still asleep.

Krista was draped over him and Lisa was sleeping on top of Raven on the couch. Her head was pillowed by the blonde's big tits and there looked to be a small line of drool across them, originating from her mouth. All four of them were naked. Ben groaned at the memory of last night. He had tried to set the girls free but they had resisted his efforts in a way that he hadn't quite been able to overcome.

The four of them had spent the night fucking. He had passed out in ecstasy again and again, only to be woken up by a soft pressure on his hardening dick a few hours later. The girls would stroke and suck him to hardness and then one of them would ride him, while another would sit on his face. The third would kneel next to them all and exchange kisses and spanks with the girls while allowing him to fingerbang her. The combined orgasms he felt through the telepathic links to their minds would overwhelm him and send him off to dreamland after he shot his load into a girl's pussy and he'd sleep for a few hours before they'd wake him up again.

He gently rolled Krista off himself and got up, stifling a groan as he stood up and his neck stiffened painfully. He grimaced. Between his stiff back and neck, he was starting to feel like an old man. He didn't worry too much about it, though. He knew that his Regeneration feat was going to rid him of the pains very soon. It was the sole reason he had spent half the night balls deep in pussy and didn't have a sore crotch in the morning. He yawned and shuffled off to the kitchen.

"Hey, Boss," Felicia greeted him. "Why are we back to the keeping the cat food in the cabinets thing again? You do remember that I don't have opposable thumbs, right? I mean, I preffered it when we kept my food out in the open, Boss."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Ben quietly said.

Felicia jumped up on the counter and sat down to give him a good look while he opened up a cabinet and took out a can of cat food. "You dog," she said.

"What was that?"

"I said, 'you dog', Boss. You spent half the night fucking the hotties in your den. Though, you don't look too pleased about it."

"It's just 'cause my back is sore," he said and opened the can of her food.

The cat snorted a laugh and said, "I bet you wish you were a cleric with a bushel of healing spells right about now, Boss!"

"Yeah, I do," Ben said. "At least then I wouldn't have a familiar nagging at me all the time." He cast the Prestidigitation spell to heat up her food and make it taste like steak.

"Pfffft, you know you love me, Boss." 

Ben set the can down on the counter and Felicia dug into it with gusto. "Not even a 'thank you'," he asked.

"Thanks, Boss!"

"Much better. Now, tell me what the girls were doing while I slept."

Felicia chewed on a big piece of food and said, "Oh, they were mostly whispering amongst themselves and talking and occasionally groping and kissing, too."

"Whispering," Ben asked. His brow drew down. "I don't like the sound of that. What were they talking about?"

"Well, I spent half the night asleep myself, Boss, but, from what I gathered, they wwere mostly getting to know one another."

"Getting to know one another?"

"Yeah, like where they grew up and what kind of music they liked and stuff like that, Boss. Then they did a little dress-up and fondled one another. It all looked like one big sleepover party, except that they rode you like a bronco, every couple of hours. I gotta tell you, Boss, you've got impressive stamina!"

Ben grunted and said, "Thanks." He poured himself a mug of water, made it steaming hot with the Prestidigitation spell and put in a tea bag. "So, they didn't, you know, plot, or anything like that?"

"Plot?"

"Yeah, like, you know," Ben said, "like, how to play me and manipulate me to their own ends. Stuff like that?"

"Yes and no, Boss. While they were playing dress up with Lisa, they talked her into being the lowest on the totem pole and submitting to the other two, sexually, and Krista told Raven that she knows a guy around here that can make a grade-A fake ID for her, complete with background and such."

"Way to bury the lead," Ben said. "Who is this guy? Where do I find him?"

"She didn't say, Boss. What she did say was that he owed her one and that he would probably do his best work for free. Raven was all peace, love and harmony after hearing that and the three of them seemed to start to really get along together before the last time they rode you."

"So, no plotting against me," Ben said.

"No, Boss. None whatsoever."

"Did they act suspicious around you?"

"Nope," Felicia said. "They even played with me a little, some time around midnight. What makes you think that they would be hatching a plot against you?" Ben just shrugged in response. "That's sad, Boss. You know, not every girl is a monster that is out to rob you blind, or contaminate your precious, bodily fluids. Besides, you can always just order them to tell you the truth, Boss."

"Don't be quoting Doctor Strangelove to me, cat," he said. "It's just that I don't want them to think that I'm some kind of lame, weirdo loser that only started to have meaningful experiences with girls four days ago, you know?"

The cat pulled her head out of the can and licked her whiskers. "But, Boss, you are a lame, weirdo loser that only started to have meaningful experiences with girls this week. How can you hope to hide that from them?"

Ben barked out a soft laugh and flicked his finger at the top of her head, playfully. "Shut up, you," he said.

"Look, all kidding aside, Boss, I think that they're good girls, deep down inside. Well, ok, Krista should never be left unsupervised. Like, not even for a second. But the other two seem nice. Well, Lisa does. Raven's a bit iffy, too, if I'm honest, Boss."

"See what I'm dealing with?"

The cat conceded his point with a soft grunt and put her head back into the can. "Could you make this taste like it had hollandaise sauce on it, Boss?" He did and she said, "Thank you!"

Ben stroked her head and left the kitchen to take a shower and shave. By the time he finished, the girls were still sound asleep. He got dressed and went to the kitchen. Felicia was licking her fur. "Hey, did the girls stay up the whole night," Ben asked her.

"Pretty much, yeah," she said. "They finally fell asleep the last time you did, Boss."

Ben nodded. That would mean that they only had three hours of sleep. He decided to let them sleep some more. He went to the den and gently picked up Krista to carry her to his bed. He laid her down and covered her with a sheet. He went back to the den and looked at Lisa sleeping atop Raven. Neither looked very comfortable so he gently picked up Lisa and put her in bed next to Krista. He brought a fresh sheet to cover Raven with.

After that, he quietly made breakfast for himself. A big bowl of oatmeal that he made taste like fillet mignon in gorgonzola sauce. By the time he ate half of it, he changed its taste to that of chocolate cake.

He spent the rest of the morning scouring the newspapers and online adds for a new place to live. He wanted a better place that was closer to the university campus. It also had to be affordable and bigger than the one he lived in. Even if he didn't keep the girls around, he would need the space to host his group's AD&D nights when school started up again. 

Nothing caught his eye, without violating his still limited budget, so he switched to rereading the spells of yesterday. He found that he no longer needed to cast Read Magic on himself. The spell had taught him how to read them on his own, without needing to cast it. He double checked his conclusions and sighed. The price of freeform magic was human life. He could tell that sacrificing animals to power it was not possible.

He set aside his frustrating work and paced the kitchen. The girls were still sleeping and softly snoring. He tried to come up with another way to use his limited spells to make money and was deep in thinking about the possible uses of his Stone Shape spell when he felt Raven wake up. She was slow to rouse fully and went to the bathroom to wash the grime of last night off herself. Krista and Lisa soon followed her lead. Ben couldn't help but wear a persistent, glad grin as three nubile, young women paraded around his house wearing nothing but their birthday suits.

The girls complained of being hungry and Ben told them he'd have breakfast ready by the time they got dressed. He made more oatmeal and cast another spell of Prestidigitation. Raven came into the kitchen first, wearing a white wifebeater T-shirt and her customary black boyshorts. She took her seat, wearing a glad grin at seeing Ben's expression and gestured at the door.

Krista walked in, wearing transparent harem pants and a red, silk scarf wrapped around her breasts and neck to serve as a halter top. Ben saw her lacy, red thong and knew that the day was going to be a scorcher, not only because of the air temperature outside. She sat down opposite Raven and Lisa came into the kitchen wearing a mockery of a French maid's uniform. The frilly, black "dress" with the white apron in front of it, was only a few inches long. It came down to the tops of her hips and left her pussy and ass exposed to everyone's eyes. Ben saw that she was freshly shaven. Above her waist, the uniform consisted of two wide strips of black fabric that went over her tits, covering just her nipples, and were then tied off around her throat to look like a choker with a bowtie in front. It took Ben a few moments to spot that she was wearing fishnet stockings, that only came up to mid-thigh, and a pair of black pumps.

Ben gaped at her obscene dress and she blushed visibly, while keeping her eyes down in a submissive posture. Before he could say or do anything, Krista harrumphed and Lisa knelt on the floor. She didn't look very comfortable and Ben focused on his link with her mind. Her knees really hurt her. "Stand up," he said.

Lisa reluctantly did so, keeping her eyes to the floor. "Ben," Krista said, "the servants should be made to kneel."

"Why do your knees hurt you so much," he asked Lisa.

Lisa hesitated before saying, "When I was eleven, some kids threw rocks at me while I was climbing a tree. They hit me and knocked me out of the tree and I landed on my knees. I ended up in splints for a month. I can walk and run and everything, but they really hurt while I'm kneeling."

"New rule in this house," Ben said. "If, and I do say if, we are going to do the whole sex slave harem thing, then all kneeling will be done on cushions. Ok? It is forbidden to kneel without a cushion!"

All three girls agreed. Lisa pulled out the third chair at his kitchen table for him to sit in. Ben smiled and gestured for her to sit down instead. She hesitated and he gestured again, this time with an accompanying nod. She sat down and Ben could feel the texture of the chair's seat against her freshly shaven and very sensitive pussy lips. It made him smile.

He served each girl with a bowl of oatmeal. They all affected insencere smiles and thanked him. "What would you like your breakfast to taste like," he asked them. They raised their eyebrows in confusion and hesitated answering.

"A hot fudge sundae," Krista said at last. Ben made it so and gestured for her to eat her food. She took a mouthful and immediately began to moan in delight. She pulled her spoon out of her mouth to wave around as she moaned some more.

"Ok," Raven said, smiling widely, "can I have mine taste like caviar?" Ben shrugged at her request and made it so.

"I'd like prosciutto and melon, please," Lisa said. Ben made it so and nodded at her.

Raven started making choked up, disgusted noises and looked to be on the verge of vomiting. She looked around and finally spat out her mouthful on the table, next to her own bowl. "Bleh," she said. "What the hell, Ben?! I asked for caviar! This tastes like salted fish shit!"

"Well, yeah," Ben said, confused, "that's pretty much what caviar tastes like. And I did make your food taste like caviar."

"Bullshit," Raven said.

"Have you ever had caviar before," Krista asked.

Raven looked put upon for a moment, but then said, "No."

Krista dipped her spoon into Raven's bowl and took a little bit of her oatmeal to taste. "Yup," she said, "that's caviar."

Raven looked unconvinced as her eyes darted from one face to another. "Oh, come on," she said. "You're pulling my leg! There's no way rich people pay lots of money for something that tastes like this!"

It took Ben, Lisa and Krista a minute to convince her that they weren't pulling a prank on her and she finally said, "Can I have another bowl of oatmeal, please?"

"Sure," Ben said, slightly confused. "Or I can just change the taste of the one you've already got."

"You can do that," Raven asked.

"Yeah," Ben said. "No problem."

"Listen," Raven said, "can you make it taste like strawberries? Just taste like them, nothing else. No actual strawberries, or essence of strawberry in it. Can you do that?"

"Sure," Ben said, smiling. He made it so. "I already did."

Raven tentatively spooned a little bit of oatmeal into her mouth and started to moan ecstatically. "Lemme guess," Krista said. "You're allergic to strawberries?" Raven nodded yes and began to shovel spoonfuls into her mouth, looking incredibly delighted. "And yet you love the taste of those little, red murderberries." Raven shrugged and kept eating. "Ben, could you change mine into Peking duck?"

Ben spent the next ten minutes changing the taste of Krista and Lisa's food, while Raven stuck with the taste of strawberries. By the time Krista was scooping up the last of her oatmeal she said, "You know, this reminds me of a very important issue that we haven't addressed yet." She put her spoon in her mouth. It tasted of millefeuille.

"And what's that," Ben asked while Krista savored her dessert.

"Your magic," she said. "If you're going to go on a quest to hunt down cultists, or whomever, we need to know what you can actually do with your magic."

Ben's brow drew down. "Why would you need to know that," he asked.

"So we can help you with your tactical planning and stuff like that," Krista said. She started counting on her fingers "We need to know if you can heal us if we get hurt, if you can heal yourself, if there are things that can make people immune to your magic, what kinds of spells you can cast, what are their limitations... Any number of things that enter into a tactical equation." Ben looked at her dubiously. "I mean, come on, Ben! You're a badass, but no one makes it big by working all on their own. You need someone to help you, even if it's only with the little things. You can sound off your plans on us and we can give you our honest opinions... Four heads are better than one, you know! Besides, who can you trust if not your slave girls? Am I right, gals?"

Ben sent Krista the order to tell the truth about why she wanted to know the details of his magical ability. She resisted the order unsuccessfully.

"I want to know so I can protect myself against this kind of thing ever happening to me again," she said. " I want to know exactly what kinds of miraculous things you can do for me. I know you can teleport and make me orgasm on command," the other two girls perked up in interest at hearing that, "and I tingle with excitement whenever I wonder what else you've got up your sleeve." She paused, saw Ben's frown and held up her hands. "But I would never use that information against you, Ben! I swear it!"

He sent her the order to tell him the truth about when and how she would use any weakness he told her about. She resisted his order and looked like she was going to bite her tongue before she said, "If you pushed me too far, I'd sidle up next to you, all smiles and sultry stares, and strike hard and fast while you were distracted."

Raven and Lisa gasped in shock. Ben just glared at Krista. She stood up and put her hands on her head in a blind panic. "It would never come to that, Ben," she pleadingly said, "you've got to believe me! You're a good guy and it would never come to that, I swear! I mean, I'm just trying to look out for myself, you know? Shit! This is all coming out wrong! Ben, listen to me, I'm not looking for a way to hurt you. I swear that I'm not looking for any kind of vengeance!"

"Yeah, that," Ben said, "that's enough, Krista."

"Look," Krista said, "you can order me to tell you the truth! Order me now! I'll tell you that I only don't want to feel utterly helpless. That's it. That's all that I want. An illusion of control, of being able to fight back if things went to shit. Or, or to fight for you, if we came across another one like you! You know? I have zero, I repeat, zero intention of ever-" She fell silent when Ben sent her the order to stop talking. Tears were glistening in the corners of her eyes and her lower lip was trembling.

Raven and Lisa looked anxious and worried, too. "See," Ben said, "this is why I hate the idea of keeping you as my slaves. Look at you! All three of you are scared of me. I hate that. I can't imagine ever growing to like that. I just... I think it might be best if we part ways after all."

"No," all three girls exclaimed at the same time. Krista sat back down.

"I'm not leaving your side," Lisa firmly said.

"Ben," Raven said, "I'm not scared of you, I'm scared of what others might do to me if you send me away from you! I swear! Order me to tell you the truth! I know you wouldn't hurt me! You had me over the barrel already and you proved what you're made of. You could have used the spell that was meant to turn me back to blackmail me into obedience and you didn't. You just wiped it off me. I trust you, Ben. You can only scare me by sending me away from you."

She stood up and took his hand. She brought it up to her mouth and kissed it. "And for the record," she said, "I don't want to know any more about your magic than what you are willing to share or you decide that I should know. I mean it. If you don't want me to know anything, I'm perfectly fine with that. I trust you and your judgement."

"Me, too," Lisa said. 

Ben could feel that she was not afraid of him and that gave him comfort. He looked over at Krista and concentrated on his link to her mind. He felt that she was afraid of him sending her away. His calm expression was again praying upon her nerves. He knew that she couldn't actually find anything to fight his magic with, only another caster that was able to cast antimagic field would be capable of doing that, but the matter-of-fact way she said she'd sidle up to him, smile and strike still unnerved him. He imagined that there were very few underhanded moves under the Sun that she didn't have experience with.

"Ok," he said. "I'll tell you about my magic when it becomes neccessary. If it becomes neccessary. Not before." The three girls relaxed and he pulled out of his links to Lisa and Krista's minds. "I will, however, reveal one thing to you right now." He used his Prestidigitation spell to clean up all the dishes in a flash. "There is no need to clean while I'm around." He stood next to Krista. "If that fact can sway your mind over whether or not to strike."

Krista choked back a sob and he went into his den. Raven and Lisa put their hands on her shoulders and whispered comforting words.

He sat down at his desk and put all the spell drawings he had into a drawer. The girls slowly shuffled into the den to sit on the couch. Raven sat closest to him, while Krista sat farthest away. "So," Ben said, "now that we've had that awkward confession, shall we talk about this arrangement of ours?" All three girls looked hesitant. "I'll start. I'm not comfortable with the idea of keeping sex slaves, as I've already told you. However, I am inclined towards letting the three of you stay with me for some time. At least until the spells of domination end. Now, what were you girls talking about last night, while I was asleep?"
