 Chapter 9 

Ix Chel went back to sleep after the encounter Professor Connors. She woke Elsa's body as the sun dipped below the treetops. 

Elsa felt has if she had been dreaming. She knew that weird, erotic dreams seemed to fill her mind. Despite the intense sexual need in her body, the images in her mind were vague enough for her to be unable to recall specifics. All she knew was that the need for sex was overwhelming. She thought about Ken's protective visit with the resulting passion and her desire only increased. 

Ever since Ix Chel took over her body, the steamy heat inside her only seemed to build. Never in her life had she felt the kind of desperate erotic need that she felt now. She wanted someone to make love to her. She needed someone to stoke the fire into an explosive climax. Her earlier encounter with Ken only stoked the furnace between her thighs. When she thought of someone making love to her there was only one person she thought of ... Ken. 

This was such a departure from her normal scientific self, but one she embraced. She had always read about this kind of overwhelming desire, but feeling it was unbelievable. Her normal logical self, seemed to have been transformed into an emotionally charged nymphomaniac. She needed sex, love and the passion that surrounded both. Ix Chel seemed to be at the root of it all. Since her body had been taken, her long suppressed passion blossomed. Now she craved love, ached for sex and desire for Ken seemed to be the only thing she could think of. It was not a bad thing. 

Her native guide respectfully entered the hut. After clearing his throat he mumbled, "I see you're awake now," the guide's deep voice boomed. "It's time to bathe." 

"Bathe?" Ix Chel questioned. 

"It is twilight and all the tribe gathers at the water's edge to wash at this time," the guide explained. "The rain has stopped falling and we're late. Please, I will lead the way." 

The walk took about fifteen minutes to reach the hidden river. The river was not very wide, but appeared to be approximately four or five feet deep. As they approached Ix Chel commented that the river water was clear blue and looked refreshing. There were a couple of dozen villagers—men and women—already washing when they reached the water's edge. 

Elsa glanced sideways and they were all naked. She would be blushing if she could control her body. The idea of exposing herself to the entire village had her embarrassed, but she had no control. She watched from inside her internal prison and something changed. Ix Chel was going to proudly display her body to the crowd. Ix Chel's pride in her appearance made her suddenly feel proud of her body. 

Ix Chel seemed to love her body and looked forward to showing it off. If a Goddess wanted to display her body to the bathers, why was she shy about doing it? Something about all those eyes stripping her naked made her want to give them what they wanted. The heat in Elsa's loins seemed to catch fire as she thought about having everyone ogle her. She picked up Ix Chel's thoughts began to appreciate the nobility of her willowy, sleek form. Ix Chel made her look at her body in a whole new light and it was a mixture of pride and sensual heat. 

Ix Chel seemed to relish the idea of exposing herself to the enthralled village. She loved her new athletic body and savored the opportunity to show it off. She felt Elsa's insecurities and she knew she needed to teach her about life, love, sensuality and sex. This would be one of those lessons. She would show Elsa the power of beauty and the clout of being female. She would show her that the female form is a thing of beauty. This young woman had a body made for loving and it should be exalted. She was going to do exactly that. Show off the gorgeous form she had captured and show Elsa how thrilling and exciting a little exhibitionism could be. 

Ix Chel strolled to the edge of the river and posed for all the eyes watching her. She shifted her hips as she haughtily surveyed her subjects. Her elegant stance seemed to radiate steamy sexuality and all the villagers felt the energy. Ix Chel noticed that the men's cocks began to thicken and stiffen. A smile radiated on her face and she shifted her hips in a slow sensual dance. None of the villager's eyes wavered as she continued her seductive movements. 

The guide boldly walked beside her and made a show of stripping to his waist. His skin was the shade of dark chocolate. He turned towards Ix Chel as his hands went to his khaki shorts. When he shucked them to the ground, she raised her eye brows in appreciation. His dick was impressive and stiff. He stared at Ix Chel with lust in his eyes before he moved into the water. 

For Ix Chel the sight stoked the sexual heat still pounding inside her newly acquired athletic body. It had been a millennium since she had been able to provoke such lust. The sight of all those hard cocks had the erotic butterflies in her stomach churning and her folds weeping. 

Even so, Ix Chel was proud to undress under his and the entire village's watchful gaze. All the men had that look on their face, the one that she'd seen before, an almost superior glare that made her tingle. None of the villagers had pretence of keeping their eyes anywhere except on her body as she removed her clothes. She tantalizingly released the clasps on her top and teasingly revealed her host's breasts. 

Ix Chel saw the entire tribes eyes swivel to her breasts and she stood taller thrusting out Elsa's magnificent breasts. As Ix Chel surveyed her subjects she felt the thrill of all the desire pouring through her stiffening nipples. Ix Chel caressed her breasts and teased her nipples as the men licked their lips. The thrill of human desire and passion coursed through her. She loved these desire filled moments. Her time in a human body elicited the kind of desire she missed and craved. 

When her breasts were revealed, Elsa would have sucked in a breath if she could have. The embarrassing thrill coursed through her and she felt the desire building from Ix Chel. She looked down and saw her nipples engorge sending a greedy hunger throughout her body. Never in her life had she been topless in front of a crowd, but the titillation turned her on. 

Instead of being embarrassed Elsa felt a thrill. She took in all the ogling stares from the crowd and the stiffening cocks from the men. Her excitement was dizzying and spun her around. This was all new to her but she was learning from Ix Chel's regal pose. Ix Chel let the villagers stare open mouthed and stood haughtily like the goddess she was. As Elsa felt her hands begin to undo her skirt and in her mind she shivered, because she would soon be totally naked in front of the crowd. 

Ix Chel undid the fasteners on her skirt and teasingly held it in front of her for a few seconds before she let it drop. She watched all the villagers eyes travel from her thick wooden nipples down flat belly and ending at her bald mons. The sexual tension around the river grew stronger as everyone gawked at the naked goddess posed in front of them. Her glowing, noble white body stood out new stark contrast among the dark skinned villagers. The disparity in their color was almost as exciting to her as the sight of the men's long, thick cocks. 

Almost. But not quite... 

It felt like every man around her was closely watching her as she stood, proudly naked. She stood tall and shifting her hips gave her breasts an erotic wobble. She knew what she was doing as she attracted every eye to her seductive movements. Ix Chel felt powerfully sexual as the river became her own playground. She continued to titillate everyone around her creating a heavy dew of lust. 

The thought that they all wanted her created an intense thrill and it was almost a disappointment when as Ix Chel walked deeper into the water. It wasn't as cold as she had expected. She couldn't help but glance at her guide as he handed her the soap. She glanced at the stiff beast that protruded between the guide's almost black thighs. 

It was impossible for Elsa not to peek towards all the lusty men around her as Ix Chel began to wash herself. The men's cocks were actually lengthening in their hands as they soaped them while watching her. She told herself to look away but how could she? All her life she'd known that men only wanted sex, but even in her wildest fantasies she'd never imagined this. As Ix Chel washed her body Elsa felt all the villager's eyes caressing her. She had never been this turned on and wanted even more. 

Elsa gave a quick look around her. Every single gaze was homed in on her. Her breasts were covered with soap and her nipples were rock-hard. Her soapy hands, on their own, left her breasts, roamed down her tight belly until it found her slick cleft between her legs. Had she really been in such a trance? Two young guys nearby—eighteen or nineteen—were soaping themselves, but their actions weren't far short of openly masturbating as they watched her. 

A shiver ran through Elsa and Ix Chel. Should they both have been this turned on? For Elsa this was something she never even dreamed of. The exhibitionism and lust were something she never imagined and it filled her with consummate desire. 

Suddenly Ix Chel's guide was taking her hand again and practically dragging her through the water to the bank. Ix Chel was not through basking in everyone's lustful stares. She jerked her hand away from his and gave him a dagger filled stare. She could tell he was being ruled by the object between his thighs and a lesson needed to be taught. Women are not sex objects. They are to be loved and cherished. Sex between a man and women is a scared bond and not to be sullied. 

His faced turned hard and vicious as she cast him aside. He grabbed her hand again in a vice like grip, pulling her towards the village. His intent was clear, but she is a goddess and a woman. She protects her body. She only gives herself to those she chooses and those worthy of her gift. 

The moonstone bracelet and the one in navel began to glow in protective power. Suddenly the look on his face turned from angry to intense pain. He dropped her arm as if he had been scalded stepping back. She reached into his mind scolding him in a venomous psychic attack. The guide dropped to his knees holding his head between his hands. 

Ix Chel had made her point walking back in the water to resume her bathing. No one came near her until she let it be known that she was finished. All of the previously hard cocks wilted under the punishment the former guide. When she finally finished Ix Chel went made her own way back to the village and her hut. 

Elsa gained insight, knowledge and strength in the encounter. She realized as a woman she is in charge of her own destiny. Although she didn't have the tools the goddess had, she knew she would have to find ways to achieve the same result. It was then that Ix Chel intruded into her thoughts and gave her ways to control a would-be aggressor. 

Chapter 10 

As Darkness fell a tribal elder bought Ix Chel her evening meal. He apologized for the former guide and confirmed that he would not be bothering her again. He bowed and left her in peace. Ix Chel ate alone thinking about the incident at the river. When she finished, she left her hut heading for the community building to help her people with their health and love. 

Before she began tonight's lessons, she checked on all the previously checked pregnant women to make sure there were no changes. She followed up with thorough checks of the three pregnant women she missed last night. All three had healthy babes, but all had questions about nutrition and child-birth. Only when all of those were done did she bring in the young couples awaiting her lessons. 

Ix Chel looked around at the innocent and expectant faces. There were also faces that showed fear of her. They knew she was a goddess and she had powers that had been demonstrated at the river. She realized that before she could begin, she needed to address the incident at the river. Ix Chel scanned all the young eager faces and began, "Many of you saw the incident at the river today. That incident is going to be our first lesson for tonight." 

"Sex without love and respect is an empty physical act. Making love is a uniquely human action that many of your gods are jealous of. Our spiritual bodies cannot join or feel the way you do and we cherish those times that we can be part of your physical world. Making love is a physical joining of two bodies, hearts and minds. It is something to be cherished and not thrown away. Today a man wanted to have sex with me without any affection or even my permission. That cannot be tolerated for any woman, not just a goddess." 

"For the young women here, never feel forced into sex. If someone says they won't love you without sex, then they are not worth your time. Making love is only special when it's with someone special and then it can be earth shattering. However, if someone tries to force himself on you, then I as your goddess, expect you to defend yourself and your honor." 

"For the young men here, never force a woman into sex. There will be times that your body craves sex more than life itself, but don't give in. Without loving, caring or passion for the person that you make love to, sex is meaningless. You must value the beloved offering that your woman is giving you. She is allowing you into her body and her heart. These are precious gifts and not to be taken lightly. If you don't honor her, then expect her to fight you." 

"The young men here tonight, I thank you for coming, but want you to leave. Tonight's session will be for the women on how to make love. We will also look at when to make love, then how to defend yourself. Your defense classes will only be used if someone tries to force themselves upon you." 

Ix Chel gave the young men time to exit before continuing her lessons with the young women. As they were filing out she shouted, "Tomorrows lesson will be only for the men!" 

Ix Chel looked at the young women patiently waiting for her. She made the decision to begin with self-defense. Softly she began, "Any time you feel pressured into having your first course of action is to leave. If he persists try running away. Flight should always be your first course of action any time you feel threatened." 

"If flight is not possible or if you are being attacked, the male body has several vulnerabilities." She demonstrated each weakness by showing its position on her body. "The first is the Solar Plexus. It is located here below the sternum and above the stomach. A sharp blow here will knock the breath out of an attacker, but it will be short lived." 

"The second spot is the nose. The nose is easy to break. A quick blow with your fist will break it, but a better strike is an upward blow with the heel of your hand. Either will cause intense pain and make your attackers eyes water." 

"The third spot is the groin. A good hard kick here will take any man to his knees. He will never be your friend after this, so only use it when you have too." 

"The fourth is the eyes. You can scratch or claw, but the most effective is to dig your thumbs into his eyeball. He will scream and yell and once again go to his knees. You must be brutal on this one. A light attack will not get you anywhere." 

"The fifth is the knees. This needs to be a hard blow to the knees to be effective. Although, a kick that bends the knee sideways doesn't require as much force and can very effective." 

"The Sixth is the instep. This requires some good shoes and a flat surface to be effective. Stomping on someone's instep while on sand does not work. Good strong shoes can help here." 

Ix Chel looked around and every young woman was staring at her with magical awe. They couldn't believe their Goddess was giving them this kind on instruction. She chuckled to herself and continued, "Of course most work better in combination. For example: A strike in the Solar Plexus, followed by the heal of the hand against the nose and a kick in the groin, will leave your attacker on the ground. This will give you plenty of time to run away." 

Ix Chel smiled at the girls and asked, "Do any of you have any questions?" She looked around and while no one raised their hand, several looked like they were afraid to ask a question. She didn't want to embarrass anyone so she added, "If you want to ask a question in private please come talk to me later." 

Ix Chel looked out over the impatient girls in the audience. There were looks of confusion, embarrassment and anticipation. She glanced around the room looking for reactions as she slowly released the clasp on her bodice. As her proud, bountiful breasts were revealed she saw looks of jealousy, awe and wonderment. Her hands cupped her breasts and massaged her nipples while she scanned for reactions. As she anticipated every eye was glued to her breasts watching her toy with her nipples. 

Elsa was taking mental notes. She found the whole self-defense lecture very interesting. She had never been accosted, but that may change with her modifications in wardrobe and attitude. She had already decided that her old clothes had to go. She loved the way she looked when Ix Chel dressed her. Likewise, her whole attitude changed on the way she approached life and love. She expected to challenge all the bimbos that vied for Ken's attention. Self-defense may come in handy. 

Even though the men had filed out, Elsa blushed as Ix Chel began to get undressed. She had no idea what the goddess was going to do, but she somehow knew she would be embarrassed. 

Ix Chel looked out over the group of girls and saw no questions, so she finished getting undressed. Then she began the sex part of her lecture. "How many of you have touched yourselves?" 

No one raised their hand, but several girls looked embarrassed, while some even blushed. She knew almost every girl had explored her body as she grew up. Still she decided to start from scratch. 

Ix Chel looked down at Elsa's breasts and as she toyed with her nipples she narrated, "See how my nipples get hard and perk up when they're played with?" She glanced around the room and all eyes were glued to her fingers pinching her nipples. Showing off and displaying her body to all the girls made her nipples get even harder. Exhibitionism always seemed to turn her on, even when she was just giving a lecture. 

Ix Chel looked up to see all the eyes in the room were waiting for her. She continued, "A woman's body is filled with erogenous zones. Your nipples, just like mine, are probably the second most erogenous area on your body. Some women have even been known to have an orgasm as they nursed their new babies." 

"All of your body's are going to react differently than mine. Every one of you has things that will excite you, that won't do anything for the girl next to you. Do any of you know why that is?" 

All the girls looked around at each other, some blushing, while others just looked down at their feet. Ix Chel never really expected an answer, but gave a little bit of time just in case somebody would venture a response. After almost a full minute of painful silence she said, "Eighty percent of making love is in your head and your heart. Since each of you thinks and reacts differently to different circumstances, why should you react the same when making love." 

"So there is no right or wrong when making love. If you love the man making love to you, then you will be receptive to him. No matter where he touches or kisses you it will be wonderful. This also means that you need to be communicative with your lover. It may be the way he nibbles on your ear or kisses your neck, but when he does something that excites you, let him know. Letting him know does not necessarily mean that you have to speak to him. Sometimes if you squirm, moan or whimper these actions will tell him that you love what he's doing to you." 
