 Sera stood in Yoko Toriyama's office. Like before, the room was immaculate, designed after the futa who sat across the desk from her. Hair coerced into a full, but strict bun that let a few locks loose to frame her cheeks and lips. Dark eyes studied her behind thick lashes. Yoko had her hands folded, crushed under her bosom as she leaned toward the Latina, eager to hear of the futanari she'd visited about KFI. With every detail spoken, a little thump vibrated Yoko's desk.

"I think that's everything," Sera said once she finished relaying the events, omitting how she had fucked the tri-cocked futa, and that Yoko's limo was flooded by the prolific one. Though prolific barely scratched the surface of what that futa was capable of.

"Excellent. They sound lovely, Sera, thank you."

"No problem," Sera shifted her weight from foot to foot, trying to bounce her breasts into a comfortable position. They'd kept growing during her little adventures, faster it seemed, and now obscured her navel from view without a bra. At their size, her attempts at conservation were wasted. Every shirt she wore either stretched to reveal a literal foot of cleavage, or was designed to already do so, made worse by her lack of relief since dealing with Piper. Standing around Yoko didn't help either.

The woman before her, unassuming beyond her luscious chest and alluring face, was one reason for Sera's discomfort. Since meeting a couple of months ago, they'd talked and discussed their unusual bodies. Yoko, aside from possessing a dick three feet long and just as broad, also gave off a potent pheromone while aroused, and there was no mistaking when she was. The splatter of pre-cum was like a gushing faucet in the silence.

Yoko hummed as her hands ducked from view, "I think we both could do with some relief, don't you?" She stood and strode around her desk, massive cock bouncing in time with her steps. Two bowling ball sized testes hung in her sack, swaying with her meaty thighs. The cock was a strange thing to behold, covered in satin-like skin, yet sporting dozens of veins across its surface and a draping hood of foreskin. Yoko peeled it back to show off her swollen, purple glans.

With or without pheromones, Sera doubted she could resist such an offer. The fabric of her shirt distorted around her nipples, tenting as her arousal spiked. She tugged her top off, grunting as it caught on her breasts, and almost snapped the bra with her vigour. As if to celebrate their freedom, her tits slapped against her belly and jiggled, while the areolae engorged and pushed her cocks into the open. Each shaft twitched in the open air, smooth save for the bulbous crowns. Cream-tinted pre-cum oozed from their peaks.

"I'm listening," Sera said and ground her thighs together. Pussy juice lubricated the skin, allowing them to glide across one another and stimulate her eager snatch further. Dampness spread across the crotch of her pants. A moan slipped from her lips when she grabbed her tits, squeezing them from base to tip, where she wrapped her hands around her throbbing cocks. Embarrassment tainted her arousal as Yoko looked her up and down with careful eyes.

"My, you are stunning," the vastly-endowed futa said, a smile on her lips, "Come over here and wrap those tits around me." She hefted her own dick, which extended past her head and arched a brow at Sera, who stroked her own pair. Milky pre-cum coated the shafts and dribbled down her boobs, offsetting her natural bronze complexion. Her areolae were a darker shade and her members darker still.

Sera stepped close, brushing her tips against Yoko's monument. At the same height, both could appreciate how the cock towered over them, a true idol for all futanari. She parted her tits, still stroking her phalli, and wrapped them around it. The heat was intense, pouring from the rigid shaft. Her own dicks were icy springs by comparison.

Each pump of blood through the monolith was like a geyser shooting. Sera gasped as she mashed her bosom around it, dick-nipples finding and rubbing each other as she sank down its length, then rose up. Only her family could tit-fuck such a monster, a fact Sera took pride in as she elicited a low moan and mumbled Japanese from Yoko. 

She squeezed her tits along the shaft, seeking the niche spots. Yoko's own pre gushed, dousing the act in slime. Like the cock itself, the fluids were hot and sang to Sera, even as they poured across her breasts and washed away her own, meagre pre. Her hands slipped along the sides, forcing her to put her forearms into play. The pressure forced thick doses of cream to escape her nipples, sullying Yoko's clothes.

A puddle of pre-cum had formed at their feet now. It grew with every squeeze of Sera's tits, as did the wetness on the Latina's pants. She moaned as Yoko pulsated between her oversized mounds, each heartbeat echoing in her body as delicious echoes of pleasure. She wished Piper were there, the audacious futa wouldn't think twice about turning this into a threesome.

Sera's hips rocked with her torso. Seeing this, Yoko pushed her arms aside and took hold of her tits. Her grip was firm, jetting her with another helping of milk and pre, while Sera shoved the last of her clothes down, peeling her panties away with a lewd slurp. She kicked them away, the underwear landing with a viscous smack, and shoved a pair of fingers inside herself. As she scratched the lurid itch, Yoko massaged her tits along her cock, urging thicker loads of pre-cum.

The slimy emissions had started dense, but now they were like syrup as it poured across Sera's breasts. Sera spread her legs, feet squelching in the saturated carpet, and rocked her hips to the Yoko's rhythm. The feminine stimulus had her cocks spraying milk now.

"We're being wasteful," Yoko said. Before Sera could ask, the futa angled her dicks to her face and swallowed them both. The sudden surge in pleasure brought a third finger past her folds, stretching her insides and hitting three spots at once. Her walls quivered around the invaders, milking them like a cock. Meanwhile, her other hand busied itself with Yoko's prick, rubbing wherever she could. Then she realised her own wasted chance.

Sera stepped away and pulled Yoko's behemoth with her, angling so the spewing slit faced her eye-to-eye. Yoko proffered her hips as well, pushing the massive head against Sera's lips just as a burst of pre escaped, dousing Sera in the salty, slimy viscous fluid. The smell suffused her sinuses and compelled her fingers deeper, while her mouth opened and kissed the peak. There was no way she could take this thing in her pussy, let alone her mouth.

A pulse and moan later and the smell turned to flavour as pre-cum coated the insides of her mouth. Sera gagged as it forced its way down her throat, but kept her place, making out with the slit. Across from her, Yoko had better success taking her twin cocks. Her breasts were squished flat together as the hung futa deepthroated them both, gulping down every ounce of milk. Their moans rose in tandem to the other, before Sera's overtook the race.

Her stomach and pussy clenched. Pressure built within her tits, swelling them into obtrusive orbs on her chest. She moaned, frowning as she focused on keeping the pleasure at bay, yet it wouldn't be denied. The mounting orgasm hijacked her fingers first, forcing them to wriggle and thrust and curl inside of her, before claiming her mouth, straining it to take even an inch of Yoko's cock. Her throat worked of its won accord, glugging down every gush of pre-cum.

Then the orgasm caught her mind. Resistance died with a scream as her back arched, her mouth fell open and her eyes rolled. Yoko jerked at the sudden release down her gullet, yet didn't release the cocks, swallowing as loudly as possible. Bliss-laced shocks arched through Sera's pussy as it added to the puddle beneath her. Her clit throbbed and twitched against her palm, stimulating itself and prolonging the climax.

She staggered as she came down from the high, pulling her cocks free and spraying Yoko with their dying spurts. The older woman hadn't cum yet, though a trickle of juices streamed down the inside of her leg, and her pre-cum had turned a murky colour. So close, Sera thought as she sat down in a chair.

Yoko grinned and stood there, stroking her massive shaft as she waited for Sera to get her second-wind. A single orgasm, while providing a blessed relief, was never enough to sate a futa. They'd go at it again and again until exhaustion won out.

Sera idly circled her semi-erect dicks. Her breasts had deflated, but were already filling once more. They'd be full again in five minutes, painfully so in another five. No, not even that. She had maybe two or three minutes before she was desperate to cum again. She'd forgotten that her boobs were filled with an obscene, thick mixture of cum and milk. The dual production more than halved the time her family usually enjoyed, though most didn't suffer from it until they were in their twenties. Just another price of being born a futa and a hyper in her family.

Though that raised an intriguing idea. Sera stroked a cock as she observed Yoko, licking her lips at the voluptuous futa's body. Even those in her family, sometimes demeaned as human cows, would welcome such a figure. But that wasn't what made Sera's dicks leap back to attention. She couldn't help but wonder what her and Yoko's young would turn out like.

If they inherited both their genes in equal measures, how insane would their own breasts become? Sera could only assume that Yoko's massive testicles would be added, while the dick-nipples would be truly enormous. At least a foot-and-a-half each, given Yoko's own three-foot length. She bit her lip and stood, the idea refusing to leave her mind.

"You know, Yoko," Sera said as she pressed close to the futa, trapping their combined trio of cocks between them, "I feel like fucking your pussy. Is that okay?"

"I can't allow that," Yoko sighed, "It wouldn't look good for me to be pregnant at this time."

"Aww," Sera pouted and pressed harder, mashing their tits together and breathing into the futa's ear, grinning at the sharp intake of breath, "But it'd feel so good. I'd get you off real quick too. Come on, just a bit? I won't cum in you. I'll just slide each of my hard cocks up your pussy one at a time. One-two, one-two. I'll even play with your clit and balls. That'll get you off, right, Yoko?"

"Yes, it would," Yoko said, eyes trailing as drool fell from her chin, a puny drop on her full chest compared to the ongoing flood of pre.

Sera smirked and leaned away, slowly urging the woman to turn around, "Just relax. I'll be careful." She bent her over and crouched down, putting her face level to Yoko's snatch, a sight equally as stunning as the rest of her. Not a pubic hair in sight, allowing the plump folds to shine all the brighter. Her tight asshole rested just above it, peeking from between the lush cheeks. Sera had no desires for it, however, and fixed her attention on the leaking pussy.

"Hmm, such a strong smell. How long has it bene since this hole got any love?" Sera teased as she leaned closer, almost touching the lips with her nose. The odour encompassed all else as she inhaled, equal parts sweet and musky. It slithered through her nostrils, to her brain and crawled through her body. Her cocks jerked and launched more pre-cum as the scent reached them.

"It... it has been a while," Yoko admitted and spread her legs slightly. Beyond her target, Yoko's balls hung proudly. Sera weighed one in her hand, gasping at the astounding heft.

"Don't worry," Sera said as she massaged each orb and breathed across the sensitive folds, "I'll make it up to her for you." As if sensing her intentions, Sera's breasts were already full. In another minute or so they would start to ache, demanding that she relieve them. She left Yoko's balls to grope her own heavy bosom, streaking the other futa's legs in her cream.

"T-thank you," Yoko said.

Sera leaned up and back, pronouncing her chest and aiming a cock at Yoko's slavering hole. Once inside, there would be no turning back. The Latina traced the tip along her friend, and confidant's hole, beaming at the low sigh of want and quiver as she did so, before pressing the head inside.

A series of impatient knocks banished Sera from her own thoughts. She fell back and stared, in shock, as Yoko turned. What had she been about to do? A rhetoric question. The answer was obvious. She'd been the one orchestrating it, after all. Sera glanced at Yoko's face, a mixture of surprise and unmitigated lust in her gaze. She didn't wait and got dressed, mumbling apologies all the while. Yoko didn't say a word even as she rushed from the office and back home.

"What the fuck was that?!" Sera groaned as she flattened herself on the couch. It was a house owned by her family, one designed to give them a place to express their milk and live in comfort away from the farm. Not that many of them left, finding it either too convenient or too nice to leave for long. Not Sera. She was the freak of the family, born with the hyper gene, but unable to express the milk they wanted. Not to mention having dicks for nipples.

Her fears over what had almost transpired with Yoko dissipated as the pressure in her chest flared. She needed to be milked. Soon. Sera muttered to herself as she headed to the milking room. None of the hypers ever left the farm. The equipment required to contain all their milk was expensive, not to mention inconvenient for them, since they often got aroused during the act. Being alone was no fun.

Yet, there Sera sat. The tips of her cocks were hooked up to the breast pump, since it wasn't designed to handle something of their size. It whirred in the background, sucking dribbles of cum from her. Slow as it was, the container soon filled with her viscous seed-milk. She replaced the bottle. And did so again. Once more. Then again. Each bottle filled faster, the flow adjusting as her inadequate pump stimulated her glans.

The table she leaned against soon overflowed with bottles, yet her breasts were still full. Not to the point that they ached, however that was only a matter of time at this rate. She shouldn't have left when she did. Or at least not without some knowledge on how a hyper develops. Was it normal that she could practically feel her tits producing more milk, replacing every drop that was lost twofold?

The pumps wouldn't cut it. At this rate, she would use up every bottle in the house. Even the gallon jugs kept around for emergencies wouldn't keep up at this rate. And, as she postulated, her thoughts became reality as she found the final bottle. It would fill in seconds at her level of production. 

Without another option, she got up and went to the bath, letting the pump milk her into the tub. She knelt on the floor, scowling at the uncomfortable contraption. Even the pump from the farm was better than this thing, though neither came close to a mouth. Or a hand. 

"There's a thought," Sera muttered and stroked a cock with her finger tip. If not for their unusual location, they wouldn't be noteworthy. Smooth, dark skin broken only by a single vein along the bottom, and barely six-inches in length. Almost any woman could deepthroat them with ease. Said woman could be her.

She reached down to her pussy, stroking it at the thought of sucking her own cocks. Like anyone from her family, she'd sampled her product, though when she did it was part of a prank by her sisters. They thought, given her reaction, it was disgusting. She wasn't about to let them know that she had enjoyed it. But here, alone in a house and in desperate need for release, she could indulge to her heart and stomachs content.

No one was around to shame her for enjoying this freakish body. Sera switched off the pump, sighing as she popped the cups free of her dicks, and climbed into the tub. It was just large enough to accommodate her breasts, which pressed into the sides. The slight pressure was enough to release thick streams of milk.

Her ass splashed against the layer of milk already there. Its viscosity astonished her, not only for how it stayed in place, despite the subtle curse of the tub, but for how dense and richly coloured they were. She dipped a hand in and couldn't make out her skin tone through it. And this was the equivalent of pre-cum. A thinner fluid dripped into the mix as her pussy drooled.

Sera licked her hand clean, unable to stifle her moans as the flavour sang on her tongue. Overbearing sweetness was girded by the natural tang of her cum, striking an addictive balance, one that had her shovelling handfuls past her lips before her conscious mind realised it. Each gulp became a rush of heat and desire within her, fuelling the already blazing desire palpitating within her cunt. But that wasn't her goal here.

Mastering her lust, Sera lashed her hands to her cocks and raised them both. She leaned over her tits, their shapes round and firm with the pressure of her cum and milk, then raised each cock. If Yoko could suck both, then she could too. A grunt of frustration came as her jaw refused to accommodate both. As if to voice their own annoyance, her cocks spurted across the room, splattering her bounty against the wall.

"Whatever. I'll just do it one at a time," Sera muttered and shoved one past her lips. Everything melted away as her awareness became a peephole, only capable of experiencing a few things at once and, for the moment, those things were the sensations of sucking her own cock, of guzzling her cum and milk, and the drug-like taste. She swallowed, pulling her dick deeper, until it struck the back of her throat.

She gagged, pulled away, then dove in once more. Another gag. Spittle oozed past her lips now, tinted a filthy white from her milk, and bubbled as she tried again, this time keeping head in place. Amidst the discomfort, her consciousness bloomed. She had one hand on her spare cock, stroking it and spraying the bathtub in her waste, while the other hand toyed with her clit. Her arm kept her enclosed cock in place. Then the world receded back to her mouth and the pleasure within.

After five or six tries, her gag reflex gave way to a sense of fullness in her throat. She huffed great breaths through her nose, drowning her sinuses in the sugary musk. Her tongue worked of its own accord, writhing beneath the intrusive cock, welcoming it with a lurid dance. Without any balls, her chin sank into her breast as she took the last inch inside, the pressure squeezing thicker doses of milk down her gullet. She reared back and sank down, lips working in a perverse suckling as her gob swallowed like an eager cocksucker.

A stream of milk went down the wrong hole. She coughed around her member, refusing to remove it, even as her nose dripped with milk and her throat clenched in an effort to expunge the substance. Despite her stubbornness, it overwhelmed her and she pulled free. The sound of sloshing water caught her attention.

She glanced down and saw why. The drain was struggling to handle her egregious production, unable to siphon her viscous ejaculate faster than she released it. Her other cock squirted without pause, the flow merely ebbed when she retreated towards her breast, before exploding as raced back to the tip. A volatile spurt brought her attention to her feet, which were almost submerged in the dense cream.

They weren't the cause of the sloshing, however. Her pussy was responsible for that, as her fingers worked to bring her to a shattering climax, the beginnings of which convulsed and tingled within her core. A gurgled moan escaped her as she drooled the excess milk from her airways. Once clear, she wasted no time in swallowing her cock once more.

Sex saturated the air now. Even half buried in milk, the musk of her snatch wafted into the air, adding its own tangy aroma to the bouquet of lewdness. Sera kept her dick within her mouth this time, suckling properly as she rocked her head to and fro, treating her freakish endowments as she'd wanted them to be; nipples. Nothing more.
