 I'm a little excited I am waiting in line for my last physical before we are released from school. I'm eighteen though my actual birthday was three days ago, they only release the adults from the boarding school on Fridays. There are signs all over talking about what us gals have to look forward to. There is still one sign warning about things to look out for in your prospective owner however. None of them are exactly things you would want in the man fucking you anyway.

I mean seriously why would you want a man with no bathing habits on top of you let alone nearby. There is a worse one, rather long detailing signs of a murderer which is scary in and of itself. Moving forward in the line I see another sign, this one about the glories of our not really anymore new society. Granted there is no crime anymore since they managed to get machines capable of producing food and mining for us, and the space program is finally getting to the point of actually moving people to new planets.

You would think life is perfect wouldn't you, well in a lot of ways it is. The mining on other planets has allowed Mars to be populated with a breathable atmosphere. There is no crime as mentioned there are still serial killers hence the sign warning about things to look out for, the cure for the hormonal balance responsible for it is in the testing phase at least. There is one part of life that could be improved however, namely for women.

Women never have to pay for anything, you would think no one would with machines doing food and mining except well you are wrong. Men devised a way to remove all STD's which is a great thing of course, they also devised a way to make woman crave cock. Not all women and some men of course crave cock somehow all of the advances in science did not remove homosexuality. So women have been reverted to a sort of slave cast even the super smart ones, they do scientific studies or well whatever they were interested in doing still, but they also are treated with the chemicals that render them subservient to men.

It isn't all bad of course women are allowed to choose a man to service multiples are possible though there is a catch. Women serving more than one man are serving all men. They give you a collar to wear and any man asking is to be presented with your pussy, mouth, or ass. There are leeways of course if you have just finished shopping and are loaded down you cannot be asked. On a man's arm you are also not to be asked, though you are obligated to present your body for touching.

In my case the best part is simply a woman is free to choose when she stops servicing any particular man, so long as he is not in the middle of sex with you. It is the best part in my case because my chosen man is still in school he is a year behind me. Which is also the funny part, his birthday was the day before mine men stay in school until they are nineteen and finish training for their chosen task. My chosen man is Marcus, a beautifully chiseled strong man with lovely brown hair blue eyes and a deep voice.

My musings on my chosen man and wishes he was a year older than I am fade away as the orderly comes by to collect my clothes. I am nervous as I step up to the tattoo machine, Bridget ahead of me turns back to tell me it doesn't hurt that bad. I put my hand on the clasp and watch my arm get pulled into the machine it asks for sex with men I say yes, sex with women I have to think on for a second or two then say no.

There are some groans at my answer, I do not know why but a lot of the women in my age range find me very attractive. I do not get it I am only five foot even my breasts are not that large, large enough as Marcus would say. I have flame red hair that is never orderly and my nose is a little large on my face. Not to mention the freckles, when they passed a freckle wand over me it hit me about a billion times. I groan at the pain of the needles it moves fast at least, I am tattooed with the little sign generator in about five minutes.

It really is a marvel of technology it is simply a tattoo that puts a sign in your arm. Currently mine says available as does everyone getting out today, once I find my chosen sex partner it changes to owned. Not that a woman is particularly owned, we can leave whenever we want it is still the term they use. Next station changes the sign on my arm to owned, I tap it twice then run my finger across it to show available. Safety feature to be sure the darn thing works, if it does not once you stick your arm in the next station it erases and tattoos you again.

At the next station I get asked if I am sure on my choices. There are a number of calls for me to change to yes and yes for fun. I affirm I am sure with my choices and move on, for fun is a snake's nest. Anyone who says yes and yes for fun means their second yes, whether for men or women means they are only half owned, any one of the second sex can ask for and are obligated to receive sex with you the same way as multiples. I am somewhat interested in women but not nearly enough to warrant going through life like that. When I reach the second to last station I am very nervous, this is where they make us needful of cock, pussy or both.

I sit on the chair like protrusion as asked put my feet where indicated and hands then squeak when I am locked in place. The machine makes noise as it adjusts for me Bridget just ahead is about eight inches taller. It takes a sample of my blood out of my palm then slides a vibrator into my pussy and ass. I'm not enjoying this very much until the vibration starts.

Moaning in no time the machine beeps then sticks me with a needle. Expecting to feel weird or something I take the card it sticks out at me and get up. Bridget looks at me and I notice she has a slightly desperate look to her.

"I didn't react quite as fast to the vibrators so it I guess gave me something to make me want sex a lot more. I really want to get out of here and fucked, I am surprised you didn't choose both, everybody knows you kissed Megan on a semi regular basis."

"What everybody does not know is Megan wants to get out of here and with her chosen girl. She just happens to be a redhead and short like me, I am interested in women but not really all that much. I took pity on her and her begging, took a week." Bridget laughs then follows the guide into the question rooms.

"Maya you are just a tease and you know it." Marge says from behind me.

"Well yes that to but darn it I am very sure on my choices. I am not interested in women enough for fun or to be owned by." I say turning around and pinching her nipple.

The guide comes back and beckons Marge and I to follow her. Marge goes into the first door on the right, I go to the last door in the hallway. I move in and sit down in a very comfortable chair that dwarfs me.

"This is just a formality you understand. Maya are you sure you wish to stick with your choices for the next ten years?" 

"Yes I am sure, I find women interesting and attractive, right now however all I can think of is men, one in particular."

"Yes Marcus he is in for one more year, in fact he gets out in exactly three hundred sixty five days." The man behind the desk is looking at a monitor sticking out of the desk.

"Yes I am desperate to be in his arms finally. I know I will have to make do until then."

"If you can't choose a man in the ones waiting for you choose one of the men released later today, if you have not chosen anyone by midnight you will accept anyone who speaks with you. I also need to remind you that two women serving the same man are counted as multiple lovers and get a collar to wear. It might interest you to know that two women can partake of each other for the enjoyment of their men. Let's see, since you have not chosen women you do not get the eyepiece. Are there any questions?"

"I have one actually, I found games to be of interest and would not mind helping design them. Is there anyway to do so without finding a game designer to be owned by?"

"Well of course, let me put your information in, once you have found an owner you will be contacted by at least one company. I will remind you here you will not earn money, neither will your owner from you but it will be something to do all day while he is working. Oh it says here the sciences were showing interest in you, are you sure you wish to do games?"

"Yes, I only showed interest in science because I wished to see games move into a full body experience. I know it is under development but the science involved is a little much for me. Brings to mind one more question, would I be asked to provide sex while working on games?"

"According to this you showed great promise in sciences but games it is. Now as for sex it is not required, it also does not alter your ownership if you partake within the confines. There are beds and other surfaces provided for these purposes any man or woman may ask, if you are interested you are free to engage in sex. You likewise can do the asking. Now remember there are equality laws, no one company can employ more than one half of it's work force as female, most are a little favored of men so you may have your pick of companies to join. Since women do not get paid most companies hire as many as they need in men then accept women to produce things faster. Alright we are finished, with one last item. You will not receive a phone, they have made advances and now there are little bars on every building and every room. You will see them once you leave any person wishing to speak with another simply touches the bar then says a name. Oh I almost forgot, you are a woman now, when you get hungry go to any restaurant or store and you will be free to take whatever you wish. If you are owned your owner will be charged the price, you also get free games of the ones made by the company you choose. Any other games you should ask your owner, he will be free to return at any time any reason."

"Oh dang, that brings up another question, what if I had chosen women only?"

"You are bright, in that case you become listed as a man and you would be paid for your job. Yes I know that means two women being paid for their work, they also make less than a regular man would so it equals out. Same with men who choose only men, they both get paid and make half as much unless one does not work. Which is boring I am sure, if you decide to say yes to both in ten years you would not receive payment unless you decide to be owned by a woman. Now if there are no more questions simply go out the door behind me."

I get up and go giving him a smile and getting one in return as I go. Marge and Bridget are standing in the hallway as I go through the door. The three of us fall into step comparing results.

"I chose only men and asked for games." Bridget says first making me gasp and give her a hug.

"I chose the same." I say without really needing to.

"I chose only women and games, isn't that a kick in the butt. Here's the good part, I am of interest in games so I get my pick of all of them and I will be called first I am sure. If you two want I can put in a good word for you with the same company and we can work together." Marge says making us both gasp.

"Yes you can help me with my problem areas." I say making Marge laugh.

"Are we talking sexual preferences or games?" I pinch her nipple again getting Bridget to laugh.

"I'm curious, where is the eyepiece?" Bridget asks at the door out.

"Oh they put it in the eye, trust me it's painless. Makes life easier for me and calls, I can see the screen in my eye. You two have a bright little mark on your arm, as do I when I look."

"Yeah but we are not men now either." I say poking at Marge.

Laughing we all exit the school then pause off to the side to let our eyes adjust to the light. There are a large number of men and woman standing around waiting for us to move closer. When we do Marge waves and heads for the women, Bridget and I head for the men. A few men touch me, one even puts his finger inside of me and brings me to an orgasm but none wish to own me besides a few older men that I decline. Explaining I do not have a wish to be owned by a man old enough to father my parents I go and sit on a handy table and bench. After a little while Bridget comes over and sits with me.

"I had a few interested, but none wished me to work, makes you wonder what they taught them in school."

"I know the feeling I only had a few older men interested in me. Which is fine if you like them old enough to have fathered your parents but so not for me."

We both watch as Marge walks over with a redhead on her arm. Bridget teases me about Marge wanting me, which gets me to laugh. Marge with me when she gets close enough and is let in on the joke.

"So misguided women this is my owner and I hers. Her name is Penelope, Penelope these are my future coworkers Maya and Bridget. Listen I got an offer already well several, the company I picked has agreed to hire you two as well. You will get the information as soon as you find an owner and go home. My condolences on not finding one already, the men are let out in two hours go find a place to eat. We would join you but we are going home to consummate."

"Great, just in case one or both of us get other offers which company?" I ask getting a nod from Bridget.

"Oh right I forgot, you should not receive other offers though in case there were offers being made already. The company is called Shadowlight they are new and only have one game out but they are looking to make even more and doubling their workforce. The man on the phone sounded positively thrilled when I said you two hired with. Maya you are apparently the talk of the gamers, imagine an interest of sciences choosing games." Marge says getting Bridget and Penelope to stare at me open mouthed.

"I was interested in science to see about making games full body experience. I know it is in development, games though are my interest, well games and Marcus on top of me. Bridget could you eat?"

"I could yes, no point in sitting around here we have been declined by or declined the men here already. Besides maybe we can find an owner at the restaurant."

"Try out the bar there is a map search feature that will float along with you if you ask."

We follow Marge's advice we go over to the bar on the building nearest to us. After a little discussion on what we want to eat we follow the directions of the floating box it is a fast trip at least. It is a full restaurant with servers surprising us a little. Many of the men inside look at us as we come in, a server comes over then directs us to sit at a bar section for the available. I am a little surprised when I end up sitting next to a man.

"Hello there I am Maya I just got out today." I say holding my hand out to him.

"Hello to you I am Jantos. So men only for you and your friend, why are you both unowned still?" He says his voice is really quite nice, deep like Marcus getting me interested in him.

"Hello I am Bridget, I had guys who didn't want me to work Maya had older men only offering."

"Hello to you as well Bridget. Work you say, what are you interested in doing?"

"Games for the both of us, we already have a place lined up. With Shadowlight, our friend is women only and of interest to games so was contacted already, we were part of the hiring of her." I answer for us scooting a little closer to him.

"I get the feeling you are interested in me."

"I am yes for the year, I have a man chosen for me he however is my age so is in school for one more year. You have his voice and I admit I could live with a man who has my chosen's voice for a year."

"Tempting I admit, however I am more interested in your friend Bridget. I do know someone who happens to be at work, I took off early to get a look at the new gals, got hungry and stepped in here first. Let me make a call I think you will like him."

Jantos gets up and goes to the bar along the wall, I look to realize there is no bar on the bar only the walls. A server comes over to take our order, Bridget and I decide on what we want. While Jantos is still talking on the phone Bridget trades seats with me. When he comes back he is smiling even bigger than he was on the way over.

"Oh good you are interested Bridget. My friend and hopefully yours as well is on the way. He's taking a taxi to be here sooner, seems he is hungry as well so rather good timing on our part."

"I'm curious, do you men need to find an owner before midnight or is that just us women?"

"Just you women, at least part of the rules was written by a guy I am sure. We don't get the chemicals either, just women at least some of the women. I notice Maya you are not as forward as Bridget is being." Jantos says with a smile, Bridget has put her hand in his lap and is idly playing with his cock.

"During the exit of school we end up sitting in a station that clamps us down and checks us with vibrators. I reacted very quickly, Bridget on the other hand was slower she was decidedly anxious for sex after. I'll have to remember to ask Marge if she got a shot as well."

"I suppose now would be a good time to tell you both we are coworkers. Ah my food is here, I was starting to think it was forgotten."

His food is here looking and smelling really good, the server assures Bridget and I that our food will be here soon. Bridget and I watch Jantos eat for a moment until he remembers we are sitting there.

"Sorry I am hungry. Maya if what I was shown is correct you are so going into coding. Bridget you I'm not so sure about, your coding was good, your art was the same so I guess I am going to ask what you want to do."

"I want to do art, I like sound but art is really what I like best. I get a sense of satisfaction out of putting a tree there and a rock here and connecting it with grass and dirt."

"That sounds good to me, though not what we are doing with our next game. It's a space adventure so not much in the way of trees or dirt. Oh hey Mikael, this is Maya the one for you hopefully and this is Bridget she's become attached to me." Jantos says the last up to the man who has put a hand on his shoulder.

I look up at him and drool, I admit it he is very handsome in a rugged sort of way. His nose is crooked a little, he has a little shadow on his chin and his eyes are a piercing jade green. His close cropped hair is almost black and he has muscles everywhere. He comes over and puts a finger under my jaw to close my mouth.

"Hello Maya, I am becoming very glad I agreed to Marge's condition. I am interested in taking you home if you are interested in going." His voice is deep as well, not as deep as Marcus or Jantos but very nice.

"Yes, the sooner the better." I reach out and stroke him loving the size he is reaching in my hand.

"Eat first then consummate." Jantos says as the server comes back with Bridget and my orders.

Mikael orders for himself then prompts me to eat. I do after giving him a little I don't know where that thought came from. Neither does Bridget, when she asks I have to shrug.

"I always thought it was part of the training you receive in school. Though if neither of you knows why it must be part of the chemicals or it's not just chemicals you are injected with. In any event women let her owner eat first, old form of etiquette I suppose." Jantos says making me understand why I fed Mikael, not feeling better of course just knowing.

Jantos and Mikael have to get Bridget and I to stop stroking their cocks twice while we eat. Bridget and Jantos finish eating before we do they look at me to see if they can go consummate, I look at Mikael he waves them off with a laugh. I can't help but whimper a little, I really want to go consummate my relationship. Mikael gives me a hug then has me help him finish his meal. When he finishes finally he practically pulls me out of the restaurant, he has longer legs than I do.
