 With our morning meal finished I meet Mikael at our door on my knees. I am extra excited today it is the last day of Megan's time as a public property. Mikael comes over with a smile and presents his cock to me. I wrap my hands around it and stroke him loving the feel of his cock change from soft and pliable to hardness. I lean forward and wrap my lips around him then bob my head.

I just love the feel of his hard cock in my mouth, the fleshy outside and the hardness underneath filling my mouth. I am still not very good at doing this sadly I really want to please him with every part of me. Cursing my small mouth I bob on him using my tongue and wrapping one hand around his balls to fondle them. I am rewarded with the taste of his pre fluids and bob my head faster eager for my reward.

Mikael pulls me up with a whimper of disappointment, I have found I really like the taste of him. I moan when he enters me, this feels just as good as tasting his fluids. I am fucked against the wall right next to the door my body bouncing up and down. I reach an orgasm quickly at his eager fucking of me, with his cock so deep inside of me it is only a matter of time before I am pregnant with his child. This pleasant thought is chased away by Mikael speeding up sending me crashing into a second orgasm as his cock swells up and floods me with his fluids.

I wrap my legs around him and hold on as he pulls me off the wall then opens our door. I am carried to the lift feeling a little more of his fluids entering me as he directs the lift to the ground. When we reach the ground I am placed on my feet, I grab his arm and press in close with a big smile thinking that time he put a child in me. I have to practically jog to keep up with Mikael, I would ask why the hurry except I know.

Megan is getting out tonight and he wishes to know if we are having dinner at the eatery or meeting her at our home. If we are meeting at our home I am tasked with going shopping before I go to work, I am not relishing that one. I have never gone shopping before and while I know what to get I am unsure on well everything else. When we get to where Megan should be we find her giving a blowjob, I am a little envious I did not get to taste Mikael today.

We get waved at by Megan as she continues to bob her head on the smiling man. After we have sat down on the wall right there he puts his hands to her head and starts to face fuck her. You can tell when he finishes, he pulls her head to his crotch and groans giving out a few short thrusts before pulling out of her mouth thanking her and saying he will miss her. A smiling Megan comes over and gives me a kiss letting me taste the man she just enjoyed.

"I found out, I have to go back to the station to get released, they remove the collar there and the dress. I will hopefully get dropped at our home after that, shouldn't be later than eight tonight if I have to walk. Assuming the van works of course, if not I will call the station when it is five minutes late and call Ernie."

"Alright I guess we are going shopping then. Yes Maya I will go with you it's not nice to send you to the store for the first time alone. We need to find two games, one today and one tomorrow so you two can go buy it and try out the collar all you want."

I hug Mikael happily Megan gets a rather excited expression herself. Even after a man asks her to bend over she is smiling as he shoves his cock into her. Mikael takes me across the walkway to the bar and orders a taxi we have to wait a little longer than expected. Following Mikael into the taxi I find out why, Ernie is driving.

"Hey sorry for the delay I had a fare. Big news though, I talked to the public property station, I can go pick up Megan at five, the van comes at five after here so she will be dropped at your place at perhaps five thirty. Perhaps five seconds after you get Megan the collar guys will show up, they float around the city higher than taxis go."

"Oh excellent, we want a return trip as well so stick around." Mikael says as we land.

Hugging to Mikael even closer than normal, I am not good with brand new never done before things, we go into the store. First thing we do is head for the games the one for today is easy enough to find Mikael knew which one he wanted. The game to come get tomorrow is a little harder, eventually we decide to get Megan and I here to pick it we do not know which ones she likes.

The food part is a little harder than that, I have never done this before and Mikael usually orders it. The problem with ordering it is it takes a day to arrive, we do not have enough for all three of us to eat tonight and in the morning. We go along the sections filling out how much we need of each item. I ask if we can do steaks tonight, Mikael smiles at me and orders several steaks. When we come to eggs I have to remind Mikael of my love for sunny side up. He groans then orders up enough whole eggs for me to enjoy my way. A fairly good sized stack of cards in hand we move to checkout, where a bored looking young man is waiting.

"It says here this is different from your usual ordering, would you like to make this your default order?" His voice is a little nasal though he is rather cute.

"No I am taking on a second woman for five days, helping out a woman who was a public property, she is free this afternoon."

"A second property, some guys get all the luck. I must say your current is very attractive."

"Thank you, you should get a Friday free and go to the school, the guys waiting when I got out didn't want a woman who worked. You are cute enough that one will go home with you." I smile at him a little, thinking if he had a deeper voice I would like him.

"I am getting this Friday free, going to try and get one who wants to work here. Wouldn't get sex all day but a conversation would be nice. Let's see, your order is coming right up, do you want a cart or are you good to get all this home?" He points to a few things coming out of the wall on a conveyer belt.

"Is that all of it?" I'm lost here there are only eight head sized box type things on the belt.

"Not quite no seems to be a slight problem with the eggs. Hang on should be fixed in a moment. Oh and your game, should have come out already." He fiddles with the machine.

There is a beep noise, then an odd bit of grinding and two more boxes come out, a second or two later the game. Mikael grabs a good sized shoulder bag gets everything into it then puts it on my shoulder. I am rather amazed at the weight of it, or rather lack of. We wave to the nice man who helped us and go out to find Ernie still sitting there literally he is sitting on his taxi.

"They kept telling me about fares in the area." He climbs down, I can't help but giggle.

Mikael and I get in the taxi I crawl up into his lap still holding the bag close to me.

"I have two questions, first why is all that food so light, and why am I clutching this bag to me?"

"It comes in a powder you will notice the steaks are boneless when we have them. It is possible to get unpowdered food it costs more however three of us is stretching my funds as it is. As for clutching the bag to you, safety feature I suppose, with you clutching it, it is harder to get anything out of it. I'm your owner so I paid for it I suppose a hold over from when people would steal to be sure I get my moneys worth."

"First shopping trip I see. I remember the first time I went shopping with my gal, back then most food was not powdered, needed to drag the owner along. I was the envy of most of the men at the store that day I got us there in my taxi. Not this one my first taxi was retired some ten years ago old bird still had plenty of go, these new ones I admit have more go than she did. I liked her better a bit roomier, or maybe I'm just expanding faster than I think."

We land then Mikael and I get out heading for the lift until Ernie yells after us. He gets out of the taxi then comes over not looking all that expanded.

"Hey I almost forgot Megan will be my last fare tonight. Maya you probably will get some from the collar crew, if you could still give out some after would you mind letting me have some?"

I look up at Mikael, he shrugs I look at Ernie, he's not to bad looking, a bit on the older side but I could stand letting him ride me.

"Sure Ernie, your cute enough, say that reminds me tomorrow Megan and I will go shopping in the morning. There are a lot of people walking around then, we may not be up to a return home walk."

"Not home, you two will go pick a game then go to the office, Megan can play the game there or test the one we are working on." Mikael puts in before Ernie can say anything.

"I'll put up a flag for you two, means you are important and will get an eager taxi if not me." Ernie smiles at me then heads for the taxi his cock standing at half mast.

We go up the lift Mikael has me open the door I still find it difficult it keeps asking for the code. I don't really like calling myself masters property. Mikael likes to tease me about it gently he admits he isn't terribly happy with the terms being bandied about on women. Mikael has me put the powder into the machine, simple enough process it opens up sections for me to stick the appropriate box into. Mikael has to come help with the steaks there is not a section for that. He inputs the code and a new section opens, this box put in I drop the bag on the table. The game is sitting on the sofa for later, likely while we wait for Megan.

Mikael wants to go fast to work so I climb onto his back and hang on while he jogs. We pass Megan not being fucked I yell to her that she can pick a game tomorrow. She waves after us with a smile, somewhat shocked that Mikael is not breathing all that heavy I get down at the lift to the office.

"Are you sure you do not mind me having sex with other men?" 

"Yes I am sure, we would not be taking care of a baby that comes out of you no matter who put it there."

"I know it's just I have a wish to bear a child from you. I know a silly sentiment especially from a gal eager to have a collar and be obliged to give sex to all comers."

"I'm still not sure I like this selective breeding program they are doing. On one hand it would be nice to watch you swell with a baby and it might even be mine, who knows I could have put one there already." Mikael rubs my belly I coo and press into him tighter hoping he did. "The bad part though is when you look at history some of the brightest minds came from not smart parents."

"Yes but keep in mind the only ones affected by it are women, there is nothing keeping a smart woman from being owned by a not smart man. I mean look at me, here I am trying to get pregnant from you and I have found five errors in the coding from you alone." I poke at him and finish talking as the lift door opens.

"Ah finally you two show up come on this is interesting." Jantos is standing at the lift door.

We follow him over to Bridget's station she is playing the new section of the game. At first I don't see anything strange at least until Bridget opens a door and there are two men having sex. I find it a little interesting to watch then realize we weren't doing sex scenes in the game.

"I did not put it there, though I do not see why not. Perhaps work the code so the user sees a different pairing, so it can work off the player's preference, they would see two men, two women or a man and a woman." Jantos looks at me like I am insane then groans.

"If we do that it could not be sold to schools it is a big market."

"Porn can not be sold to schools and look at how big that market is." Marge says coming up and giving me a hug.

"There are more adults on the planets than kids, porn is a huge market games are a huge market. If we put sex in we only lose a small part of the market and we would be different from most of the games. I really think we go back through the planets and add women and men to have sex with along with random pairings to discover. We are all here because of sex some of us are trying or are already pregnant, can't really make an immersive game without lots of sex." Mikael says rubbing my belly again.

"Alright you sold me, Andy since you probably put that in there anyway you are in charge of adding sex partners for the player. If you need help ask Marge she swears she is almost done. Maya you are not giving birth right this second get back on the bug hunt." Jantos claps his hands and looks at everyone.

Marge and I head to our station to get some work done, I fill her in on what Megan and I will be doing tomorrow. I find a few more problems in the coding as Marge tells me she and Penelope are considering adding a man. I am a little surprised at this until Marge tells me Penelope is on the breeding program. I stop working to just stare at Marge until finally I ask.

"You realize if Penelope is on the program and I'm on the program you probably are on it as well. Do you think you could stand to let a man ride you?" Marge stares at me for a second.

"I hadn't really thought about it. I probably am on it, or more likely I'm not on birth control because I'm women only. Hang on I gotta make a call, our plan was to walk around together so I can say who is single and let her get owned again." Marge gets up and goes to the bar.

I go back to my work not really thinking about the breeding program until I get a feeling. A strong desire to have Mikael fucking me falls over me I get up and go to him. He looks at me a little surprised then gets up and takes me to the sex area. I am not in need of foreplay I am quite ready and eager to be fucked, Mikael slides right on in. Whatever got me needing Mikael inside of me also has me reaching orgasm lots easier. 

Our coworkers are watching as I moan and yell out my orgasm. Mikael for his part is eagerly fucking me. I wrap my legs around him to move with him enjoying everything about this fucking. Marge puts her head next to me getting me to look over that way she is bent over the bed. I reach a second orgasm about the same time I notice that Palmer is behind her moving back and forth. Mikael just keeps on fucking me, I'm eagerly letting him. 

I reach a third orgasm watching Marge be fucked next to me. I can't help but be a little jealous of her breasts, they are larger than mine. Mikael gets my attention when he falters in his steady pounding of my little body I encourage him to flood me. He does not disappoint me, he groans and presses deep inside letting loose his fluids. Mikael lies on top of me both of us watching Marge be fucked until Palmer groans himself and presses to her. He stays there for a little while then pulls out and goes back to work.

"You know if I had known how good that felt I would have said men for fun." Marge rests her head against the bed and just stays there.

"Marge have you and Penelope been eating at the eatery or well a restaurant of some sort?" I just had to ask, this is getting a little strange.

"No Penelope stays at home remember, I always have food and we can take turns eating each other while we eat. I know what you are thinking you told me what you think about the food at the eatery. I think it's all food or some other way of transmitting a message to our bodies. I called Penelope while you decided to get fucked, she thought it was a great idea if I try and get pregnant with her."

"I didn't decide I just had a very strong urge to get Mikael inside of me. I think maybe we can stop wondering if I am or not. I always had strong sex urges when I was ready for pregnancy in school. Mikael unless you wish to fill me again you should go back to work." I noticed Jantos was looking at us and not entirely happy.

Mikael gets up and goes back to work, Jantos looks at me and Marge then sighs and goes back to work.

"Tell you the truth I'm a little jealous of you and Megan, the multiples collar sounds really good. Penelope had the idea of going to the school on Friday and finding a man. We looked it up last night if she finds a man we both get a collar. This one was definitely written by a guy, guys do not get a collar only us gals and it's easy to do. It's been rewritten recently if you had been mine with Penelope we all would have a collar."

"Marge I think I have let his fluids do their duty long enough, let's go back to work."

We get up and go back to work I find another problem in the coding. Andy enlists Marge to help him with adding the lovers. The rest of the day goes by quickly, it seems in no time Mikael is having me shut the computer down. We share the lift with Jantos and Bridget, Bridget has a big smile on her face.

"I'm excited, if you got needy today that means I went fertile yesterday. Just think I could already be carrying a child from Jantos."

"I thought you didn't know if you were on the program or not."

"I checked a couple days ago, just about every one of us that got out when we did is on it." Jantos looks a little unsure.

"Well darn program I wanted to get the business up and running before I started having kids."

We all look at him confused until we reach the bottom, Jantos starts laughing. We go our separate ways, Bridget and Jantos to their home and us to ours. I want to hurry up and get home so we will be there for Megan Mikael makes me walk at a more sedate pace. The why becomes apparent when we get close to our lift, Ernie's taxi lands right in front of us spilling out a very excited Megan.

She runs over gives me a hug then agrees to go home with Mikael. There is a beep from Ernie's taxi, he is leaning against it watching and waiting for the collars. He motions us closer for no real reason the landing van is far enough away one man gets out and comes over to us with a strange looking thing in his hand. He goes over to Megan first holds it up bidding her to stay still then pulls it away to reveal a collar pink like before. He comes and puts a collar on me leaving a slight tingling sensation.

"Now that you are both collared I'm going to go over the rules on this. I'm sure you know this first part you are both men only so any man who asks for sex gets sex. There are circumstances that preclude this happening and I am sure you know them. There is a new one just came through earlier today, if you two go places together you can interlock arms and be treated the same as on a man's arm. There have been complaints about to much sex from collar wearers. If either of you leaves your owner, you both lose your collar. Now you need to be broken in so go on up I will entertain your redhead here." He has a nice voice, not really cute however.

Megan and Mikael go on up in the lift, Ernie stays leaning against the taxi as the collar man comes to me and asks me to bend over. I do gladly he's not someone I would want to have sex with normally. He feels at me then shoves his cock in, I moan at the intrusion, he may not be cute but his cock is lovely. He calls me beautiful a few times playing with my breasts as his cock shoves in and out of me. I manage to reach two orgasms before he floods me with his fluids.

I get thanked then he pulls out and goes back to his van, as it lifts off and disappears above us I go to Ernie. He asks if I am sure, I smile at him so he smiling back asks if I would get on my back. I move to do so on the walkway until he pulls me over to his taxi and opens the passenger door. I get in and get on my back looking up at a rather bland roof. Ernie climbs in after on top of me, his cock is not as long as the last in me though it is thicker.

Finding it a little difficult to stretch out for him Ernie takes it slow, short thrusts get him all the way inside of me after an orgasm. I wrap my arms and legs around him as he starts moving, just loving the feel of him in me with that thick cock. Ernie fucks me slower than the collar man did, I get to just lie there and let him fuck me to several orgasms. I have another when he reaches his orgasm, his fluids filling me up at a fast pace sends me off to another orgasm. After I can't do much but lie there it was just so good, we both jump when Mikael knocks on the open door.
