 I am so excited waiting for the taxi Mikael and Xander have to keep a firm grip on me to keep me from just running. I still can't believe it's finally time Marcus is getting out in about five minutes. Well the men are released starting in five minutes it's hard to know when he will come out. When the taxi lands Mikael gets in first then collects me from Xander so the crowd of anxious men wanting me can't get to me. I am left rather upset by this, not because I can't get asked for sex but because I am supposed to get in after my owners.

Asked for sex is in there on things I want to happen, I am very needy for sex starting this morning. The first game we made with me as the sexpot as the news called it was a raving success, sold better than any game before, billions were sold. There was some consternation when Jantos announced we were not making another game yet. We were busy doing programs for the testing of the full body in the game. I wanted to add sex, a number of my co workers wanted to the sciences were willing except they had a problem with it for men.

Women worked I tested it myself, even for men worked so long as they wanted to be entered. When it came to the cock and the spurting fluids they couldn't get it to work, the system always shorted out. Something about how the system transferred sensations to the body was the answer they said. Still besides that the system is moving along swimmingly, it is so far along that Jantos has gotten us to work on a game utilizing the system. Of course in the interest of the military side said game is more of a combat experience than anything else still it should get people excited for the new system.

There is another reason why so many men want me I had twins, twin girls in fact. This is rather rare, science can't figure out why but twins have happened less in the last hundred years than any time in recorded history. That may or may not have an effect on people wanting me, as a side effect of having kids my breasts got bigger. They did not go down later, I was told because I liked my new breasts, which I did I could stop feeling like a little kid when I looked down.

When the taxi lands I look around as Xander gets out, I gasp when I see our driver is Candice, she has a collar now. She is owned by Ernie and quite happy, apparently the older men that had tried to own me didn't want their gal to work. Ernie was the only older one who did and she wanted to drive taxi, along with liking older men.

"Candice do you get asked while driving?" I can't help but ask this is new she didn't have a collar last week.

"No I can't get asked while in the taxi, if I get out on the other hand I get asked. It's great, Ernie can't provide sex as often as I want it and one of the younger taxi drivers owns me as well."

I get ushered out of the taxi right into Xander's arms Mikael gets out and holds my other arm. A second later Candice gets out talking about her love of return riders. I direct us to the table I had sat on last year when I was released eventually Candice joins us looking tired. About sixty men have been released in between us sitting down and Candice joining us.

"No sign for taxi drivers?" Mikael asks as a number of the new releases look at the taxi.

"No I'm the wrong person to send for that, I have enough men at home the collar just means I can have a lot of sex when I really want to. Besides new release men get a message if they want to taxi, only the women need to get a person to look for them."

"I still say everyone should get an eyepiece on release. Without an eyepiece I miss out on a lot of things. Oh Candice we are making progress on the game, Jantos finally decided on a through history ground war game. Sciences are ecstatic because military likes it, they are going through with the training their soldiers with knives and swords. We started working on coding for bows and crossbows we will do it multiplayer so people across the planet can play."

"Oh that sounds interesting, Ernie will be happy he likes those games."

"Using the bows and crossbows will be hard, bows especially there's no button to press you pull back and let go of the string. Hey isn't that Marcus?" I follow where Mikael is pointing I have to sigh not Marcus.

I start yelling when the door opens again, this time it is Marcus. Xander gets up then puts Candice on my arm she was on his other arm to get a break from sex. He goes over to Marcus who is still trying to get his eyes used to the light. They hug then come this way Xander leading Marcus still can't see, the setting sun is in his eyes. When they get close Mikael finally let's go of my arm and I run to Marcus, a whole three steps before I am wrapped up and spun around in joy.

"Maya you look different, besides no clothes." Marcus had eventually set me down with his back to the sun at arms length to look at me.

"I had twins I kept the breasts because I don't feel like a little kid when I look down anymore. I also need you in me, I went needy this morning, Mikael and Xander would not fuck me, they kept saying I am being saved for you."

"So two owners, do you like it?"

"I love it I am one of the most popular collar wearers around men have flown from everywhere to ask me for sex. Helps the first game I helped make featured me as a sexpot. Working on a new game now, you might like it for sciences and the military."

"Don't forget the camera crew that followed you around as you got asked for sex. I think that was the most popular porn for a long while." Xander says making Marcus laugh.

"Well if you are really happy I see no reason to take you away from it. Besides I didn't put it but I do want to try sex with men. Is there room at your current home for me?"

We have to call Mikael over for that one, it's his home Xander and I are his property.

"Sure, we can expand the bed again put you on one side of Maya us on the other. If you prefer we can add a second bed, the other bedroom is slightly occupied with the new game system still in development."

"I think let's try expanding the bed first, and I was told about the new system, seems I am going to be helping develop it. If you call now will it be expanded when we get back? I want to have my Maya finally."

"I would think so, and you can check your messages. Don't ask her to come home yet, she's horny enough as it is."

We head for the bar on the closest wall making me think back on the day of my release. I relate the experience to Marcus who laughs at the men who had not asked me, the ones who did and how I found Mikael. Xander has me check my messages, I have a few two are special, one from Marge asking if I got Marcus, I reply in the positive adding staying at same home. The next is from Megan saying they are coming here in two days.

I relate that one to Xander and Mikael then explain Megan to Marcus. Candice wonders if she can get asked one more time, I second that one looking at Marcus. I get a grin at that then Marcus let's go of my arm and asks me to bend over for him. I do so moaning in delight when his hands fall on my hips, I am moved about then filled with the man I have been waiting for. I am not disappointed, his cock is every bit as good as I hoped, he is long and quite thick.

Marcus moves in me quite fast apologizing he just can't contain his excitement. I am finding his excitement quite intoxicating moaning and groaning as he fucks me hard and fast. Candice ends up next to me being filled by Mikael he fucks her just as fast. So there we are two collared gals being fucked with something of an audience. My breasts are bouncing about as I am given the one thing I have been wanting this whole time, Marcus' cock inside of me.

He is going quite deep into me I have only ever had one man this deep. Marcus is groaning behind me telling me how long he has been longing for this very thing. I tell him I have been wanting this and his fluids in me, when I start to beg for his fluids Marcus speeds up. I crash into an orgasm screaming his name then having a second when Marcus pulls me tight and floods my insides with his hot fluids. Marcus has to hold me up after my knees don't want to work anymore.

Marcus picks me up and carries me when Mikael finishes with Candice. Xander takes Candice's arm to the taxi Mikael gets in first to take me from Marcus. While we are waiting for him to get ready to take me Marcus asks me the question I have been waiting for. I turn to putty when I say yes, Mikael groans when he takes me, I really want sex. After Marcus and Xander get in I am laid across all three until I start trying to suck on Xander, Marcus pulls me up so I am sitting on him.

I try and move farther over to get Marcus back inside of me I am foiled by Mikael holding my foot. There is still a crowd outside our tower, along with some reporters. Mikael has Xander show Marcus where home is while he goes and speaks with the reporters.

"Do you always have a crowd outside your tower?" Marcus asks on the lift still carrying me.

"Our tower and yes I am popular. The reporters likely want to know what our plans are now that you are out and ready to fuck me."

"They also want to know if Maya is a sexpot in Shadowlight's next game. That is why Mikael is speaking with them." Xander says as he opens the door.

Once we are inside I am all over Marcus, I grab him around the neck and sit up to plant kisses all over his face. Xander let's Marcus know we have guests in two hours then shows him to the bedroom. I don't even get put down, Marcus instead carries me far enough onto the bed to put me on my back and slide inside of me. I am screaming his name immediately with my orgasm and wrap my legs around him to move under him. Marcus tries to go slower this time, I am having none of that, begging him to fuck me hard and break me in.

Marcus obliges fucking me hard and fast sending me to orgasm after orgasm. His pistoning cock feeling so good in me and all I can think of is getting his fluids. When Marcus floods me with his fluids I keep moving desperate to be fully broken in.

"You need to do her twice more, in the living room and the new system room." Xander says from the doorway.

Marcus picks me up and carries me into the living room putting us both atop the sofa. While he is fucking me here I can't help but admire his face, and his cock. It's impossible to not admire the cock inside of me making me float up to orgasm almost effortlessly. When he floods me for a second time I keep moving desperate to be broken in fully.

I am pressed against the wall of the new system room, my legs around Marcus as he fucks me hard. Marcus is looking tired, I'm feeling a little sore but I need to finish. His cock at least has not lost it's hardness as it pummels my tired pussy.

"You got enough left for one more orgasm?" Xander had been on the phone, he has joined us now looking a little excited.

"Yes but this is hard now I'm tired do you have something in mind?" 

"Well we could try me in you, how I had it the first time, I was breaking Maya in and Mikael broke me in at the same time."

"Alright just to try it and I need a little help, she's drained me pretty good already."

I moan when Xander gets behind Marcus, Marcus groans when he is entered. Xander starts moving getting Marcus to move in me, I am moving with Marcus both of us moaning. I reach another orgasm my insides gripping at Marcus making him groan then shoving deep into me he let's loose his fluids. Xander groans as he floods Marcus while he is still filling me.

Somehow I get carried to the sofa, Marcus falling on top of me until Xander pulls him off me. I get pulled up so Marcus can sit then I am reclined against Marcus in his arms. Idly I kick at Xander earning me a groan of exasperation.

"So did you like being in the middle?"

Marcus and I both say yes, I'm tired and starting to nod off. Marcus holds me tight to him.

"So which one of you two is the bottom when it's not Maya?"

"We trade off on that, Maya has turned a little demanding, she likes when we sit on the sofa with one of us behind her in her ass. To be honest though, I find I like being the bottom to Mikael better than him on the bottom."

"So you're saying Maya is all mine if I want?"

"To a certain extent, we both love to fuck her and she loves to be fucked. We can keep each other pretty well satisfied though so you are welcome to do her as often as you want. I'm not sure you can keep her satisfied Mikael had to expand the agreement on how many per day to and from their office, was two now it's four and he's thinking six would be better."

"They told us the birth control would have that effect on me, I am quite fucked out now. I have my man and hopefully carrying his child tomorrow, I think I should get dinner going." I get up Marcus helps me then gets up and comes after when I lean against the table.

"Here let me help."

"I'm OK, I can't let you help either I feel wrong when someone else presses a button. Rather like I've failed my owner, I've complained and many other women have as well. The sciences swear they don't know why we feel that way, they are looking into it."

"Well I don't have to push a button, here I'll carry you." Marcus puts action to words and picks me up making me giggle.

"Well this is unexpected and welcome. Xander how many am I making for again?"

"Ten are going to eat, don't forget the bread again."

I groan at that, forgetting the bread is how we discovered I can't let anyone else cook. I had forgotten the bread for dinner one night, Mikael got up to get it. When he sat down again I was crying and carrying on something fierce about how sorry I am to fail him. I was nine months pregnant at the time, science figured it was just my hormones fluctuating so we tested it after I gave birth, same thing happened.

"Marcus you know I'm glad you decided to let me stay as Mikael and Xander's, otherwise you would have to do the command. Very annoying thing, new owner's have to give a command otherwise the gal can't say much besides how much she likes him and what he's decided on. We found out Mikael is the one in charge of me. They adjusted it soon after Xander took up ownership of me so only the primary owner has the restrictions come into play." I talk as I am busy pressing buttons to make lasagna with peas on the side and garlic bread for ten.

"Oh don't forget a bowl of parmesan, Marge and Penelope like to add it." Xander says before Marcus can speak.

"I like parmesan as well. So what else have they done to you gals?"

"Well collars being popular for one, when I got out there were not very many and it was hard to find a public property. The same night they add something to the food or whatever to make us women crave having a collar. Why Megan ended up with Mikael and me for five days, I asked if she had an owner and offered Mikael if she did not. Mikael was very nice and called her prospective to find he needed five days after she was available. She's a big porn star now and very happy on the coast, she drops by from time to time usually during a publicity tour or scouting for new men. I ran into Xander the day after getting my collar, Mikael liked him and vice versa so they became an item and I got a second owner."

"Tell him about the women not working motion." Xander says as he gets up to get the door.

"About six months ago a motion came up to restrict women from working except in certain capacities, mostly porn. I was seven months and fat as a cow, being well famous the reporters came to me. I was very vocal on how incredibly stupid that was. I talked about the new system which I wasn't supposed to and how I'm the person behind getting it to work Jantos had told me that one the day before. I went on to talk about other things that women have done, I think the kicker was pointing to my belly and saying if it wasn't for women there would be no men and we damn well should be able to work if we want."

"The motion died that day in fact. I also think the political's have decided to ask Maya if they want to adjust women again." Jantos says Bridget on his arm smiling at me and Marcus.

"I think they are just doing it quietly, why I can't let anyone else cook, same with the collars. Mikael where am I sitting now I think Marcus wants to put me down." Marcus is wobbling a little holding me up I think I wore him out with four times.

"The chair there on the end like always of course."

Marcus puts me down then sits next to me Jantos comes over and introduces himself. Bridget gives Marcus a hug and a kiss then pulls back to look at him.

"Marcus you look tired, how many times did Maya get you in her?"

"Four, Bridget I'm confused on one thing. Maya was telling me about collars and something in the food making women want them and yet you do not have a collar."

"I want one, if you asked me to come home with you I probably would say yes. Jantos likes sex a lot and I can try out our coworkers so there isn't a point in getting one I'd never walk alone."

"Maya you should go outside more often there's about twenty men still there hoping you come out alone. Marcus it's about time, this is Penelope my own little redhead, not as little and I'd ask if we could trade if I could ever live it down from Penelope." Marge says as she bursts into the room with Penelope on her arm giggling.

"I went needy this morning I thought Jantos was going to tell everyone on why I did not come in. Marcus no trading, though if you can get Penelope away from Marge I won't complain."

"Little miss men only won't have sex with me, she'll have it with Penelope and half the other women in our office but not me." Marge and Penelope go sit down Marcus looks at me.

"We sit next to each other, Marge agreed because I look different than Penelope. We're great friends so I didn't want to add sex and then have the big argument in the office. I'm pretty sure she teases me about not having sex with her, not like she doesn't get enough anyway. Marge has more men in the office then Bridget and I combined, we both have high sex drives when we are pregnant and still nothing compared to miss women only who is pregnant again."

"Me pregnant was your idea Penelope just went along with it when I called her."

"I only suggested you could since you are on the breeding program. Don't be adding words to my mouth. I say enough as it is."

"That is for sure, there are still a few guys out there hoping you come out." Ernie says as he comes in Candice on his arm, she waves.

"Ernie you are running late, Marcus this is Ernie, a really great guy and the first one to ask me for sex after getting the collar. Now that we are all here, Marcus if you could tell us where you are working while I get dinner."

I get up a little timidly worried my legs aren't recovered I find they are working great. Moving as fast as I dare I get plates out and put them before Mikael, Xander and Marcus before everyone else. Another one of those little adjustments, I feed my owners first. When I get to Marge with a plate she grabs my hand and makes me listen.

"It seems I am to be a consultant for a company working with sciences, called Shadowlight. There will be a man there in the morning when I go in to help me with what I am doing." I have to stare at Marcus for a second before I am running around the table and jumping into his arms.

I get to kiss him for a little while before Mikael tells me to finish handing out food. I get up quite happy, not only am I working with Marcus, he was pressing into me in excitement I'm getting more of him in me later. I get the plates out to everyone then me getting groans, I hadn't brought out the bread or parmesan bowl yet. I get those last getting a few spanks in the process and giggling. I sit down and wait for the bread to come back this way Marcus gives me some parmesan when he gets it.
