 He sat high on the cliff side, a silent sentry virtually motionless, eyes sharp and roaming, observing the countryside and forest below. Remaining still, he blended into the craggy surface, unnoticed by anyone who may be passing below. The camouflage was unnecessary. Even if he were seen, no one would make the treacherous climb, let alone confront him. A flash of color in the forest caught his attention, and his faced turned immediately to observe this unexpected intrusion. His eagle-sharp eyes took in the woman, red-headed and ripely curved. Intrigued, he knew he must see her more closely. Standing, he stretched his wings and rose into the sky.

She walked lazily through the forest, lost in thought, lost in the beauty of her surroundings. She knew that she should not be wandering through this forest, especially alone. How often had she been warned as a young girl to stay away from the enchanted forest? How many stories had she heard about young ones foolish enough to wander in and never return home? But she was an adult now, and those stories were intended to frighten children, keep them from wandering away and getting lost. A grown woman now, she sought somewhere quiet, away from others...a place where no one could intrude on her thoughts. 

His curiosity only grew as he drew closer to her. Even by human standards, her behavior was odd. The nearby villagers rarely entered the woods and certainly never alone. And she did not seem to be keeping vigilant watch for any dangers that even an ordinary forest would hold. Almost above her, he made the decision without even thinking, a rare occurrence for him. He swooped low on silent wings, grasping her in his claws, lifting her free of the ground.

The shadow in front of her caused her to snap her head up and register the Griffin headed directly toward her. As the claws took hold, she managed a startled gasp before the treetops were beneath her. She saw the earth spiraling away as he carried her to the rugged cliff side into the mouth of a large cave. She had grown up with the stories of magical creatures. She knew that she would be a meal for the creature's nestlings or a snack for the Griffin himself. She braced herself for the worst as he glided into a cave opening on the cliff. He dropped her gently into a pile of animal hides. Blinking, her eyes adjusting to the light, the young woman looked around the cave, realizing that she was now in his lair. He had made the decision hastily, and was not sure exactly what had compelled him to take this woman. 

Her green eyes were wide, her auburn hair loosened, framing her pale face. He leaned forward, catching the fabric of her bodice on the edge of his beak. Carefully, with little effort, he sliced the fabric of her dress, tugging the pieces of the garment from her body. As the woman lay there, the Griffin was astonished by her form. Though she wrapped her arms around her body protectively and tried to curl up to cover herself, she could not hide her beauty. Her skin was pale, the color of rich cream, and her hair reached down to her waist. She was not thin and waifish as some of the girls he had seen from the area passing through. She was sturdier, with large full breasts and round hips. She stared back at him, almost defiantly, watching him warily. Her gentle curves intrigued him. Her spirit drew him in. He knew that he wanted her.

He could feel his member throb, begin to grow, peeking from its sheath. Using his great beak he nudged her arms away from her body. Though she shuddered and her eyes grew wide in fear, he saw that she did not protest and wondered at the strength it took to remain so calm up to this point. He eyed her trembling form for a moment, and then spoke. "What is your name, woman?" His deep voice filled the cave.

"A-Almeda," she stammered, startled by his voice. "My name is Almeda." Her voice grew stronger. "Please don't hurt me." It wasn't the begging and pleading he expected. It was a request, simple and straight-forward.

"My name is Medwin," his voice rumbled through the cave again. "My hunger is great. My needs are many."

Comforted by the tenor of his voice, Almeda sat up and slowly reached out a tentative hand. Carefully, she touched his beak, stroking it gently. She let her hand slide over his beak and up to his head, letting her fingers run through the feathers almost as if running through someone's hair. As the enormous Griffin stood there, letting her stroke his head, her confidence became more evident, her touch less timid. She did not seem to notice his member unsheath in slow gliding length as her hand slid down to his neck. Her hand moved to his neck and then chest, which she stroked and caressed tenderly, almost lovingly. He turned his head quizzically studying her. She was a puzzle he was determined to solve. As she traced the sinewy contours of his chest, she felt a low rumble, like a cat's purr, followed by a caw of delight. 

She froze, her eyes wide with alarm when she saw his cock extended, a throbbing half a yard she gauged, roughly the length of her forearm and just as thick, tapered at the end. Medwin ducked his head to look into her eyes, his deep voice rumbling, "I will not hurt you." 

Almeda could see the kindness in his eyes, felt the sincerity of his words. She did not know why, but she let a wave of peacefulness wash over her. She nodded her head once, acknowledging her trust of his reassurance. Medwin leaned his head forward, letting his beak nuzzle at her neck. Almeda reached a hand up, letting her fingers stroke his head. The Griffin reached out a claw and tenderly ran it through her hair. The talons did not scratch her and the tenderness of the action soothed her fears, eased her apprehensions. 

He nudged her with his beak, easing her forward. She moved to her knees underneath him as he sat back on his haunches, letting his cock rise. It almost danced before her, like a swaying cobra hypnotizing her. With a trembling hand Almeda took hold of his huge member and began to run her hands down its length, squeezing as she went, aware of how it throbbed and pulsed. Her own heartbeat quickening, she brought the enormous cock to her lips. Hesitantly at first, then more eagerly she began to kiss and lick at it. The taste was gamey and tangy, more masculine than she had ever experienced before. She began to kiss and suck on the tip, drawing more of him into her mouth. Gently, he pressed his throbbing member forward, deeper into her welcoming mouth, stretching her jaw to almost breaking, until it reached the back of her throat. 

Despite the tears that slid down her cheeks from the pain, she closed her eyes, savoring the taste of him. His heady musky smell overtook her senses. The smell surrounded her and filled her nostrils, clouding her thoughts, so that she was only aware of him and his desire. His taste filled her mouth, seemed to travel down her throat, and she felt hungry, eager to have him inside of her, completely filling her. 

Without hesitation now, she reached her arms out, running her hands over his cock, squeezing, starting at the base and sliding forward, one hand following the other. She felt the rumble of pleasure in his chest. His tail, firm and velvet soft, wound its way up her legs, spreading her thighs as he caressed them. Almeda let a muffled moan escape as the tip of Medwin's tail teased the curls between her thighs. As his tail pressed against her pussy, wetness seeped down, and her hands began to slide back and forth along the shaft of his cock. He withdrew slightly as he began to tremble, and Almeda knew that he was ready to cum. His tail spread the lips of her pussy, her wetness flowing, and he slid along the length, not quite entering her, but sliding along her clit. He slipped a foreleg around her and let a claw stroke her back tenderly. Her senses were flooded with twin sensations as she felt her orgasm building and the giant Griffin began to cum, filling her mouth. 

She almost choked when her orgasm overtook her, and she tried to cry out as his hot seed gushed into her open mouth. Still, she managed to swallow as much as she could, his pungent semen spilling out of her full mouth. He pulled from her and let the last burst of seed paint her face. She moaned, another orgasm grabbing hold of her. She writhed against the feel of his tail between her legs. He let the end lap at her like a tongue, stroking her pussy. The tip teased the sensitive spot just inside her, then glided upward and swept her clit. The Griffin delighted in seeing her shudder in response to his touch. Her gyrations, the writhing, the bucking of her hips as he teased out another orgasm, brought to mind an intimate dance that they were sharing, moving together. And as he felt the shudders and convulsions that passed through her, he was ready to take her completely.

He paused as she came down from her most recent orgasm, giving her a chance to catch her breath and meet his gaze. "If we continue, there is no going back," Medwin stared her in the eye. "Being with one of my kind is not easy for a human. If you allow me, I will lead you to great pleasure, and I will guide you as long as you trust me. However, you will belong to me; you will be mine. The choice is yours, but once we continue, you can never be the same." 

Almeda held his gaze. She considered all she had learned about him thus far. She felt a warmth and gentleness in his manner. If he had no regard for her, she would have been ripped to pieces by now. She considered what her current life held, everything she would be leaving behind. Becoming his was going to mean stepping into the unknown. She took a moment to weigh the decision carefully before answering. 

"Yes," she whispered, nodding her head.

"Yes, what? Tell me what you want," Medwin directed her. "Name your desires. Own them."

Taking a deep breath, she met the gaze of his golden eyes. "I want you to be my master." Her voice was low, but steady, gaining strength as she spoke. "Take me. Own me. Fuck me. I am yours; I belong to you now." 

He nodded once, and it almost seemed as if he was smiling. He leaned forward and reached behind her with his beak, nudging her, teasing her forward. He let his tail slide under her full buttocks and lifted her to him. Her thighs, slick and glistening, parted to him as he lowered her. He shuddered with ecstasy at the image of impaling her perfection onto his welcoming cock, slowly, gently. She was lost in the pleasure as he spread her wide, gliding deeper into her. Her moan of pleasure became a cry of pain. Her back arched. "Yes! Yessss!" she screamed, tears of both pleasure and pain sliding down her cheeks.

He watched her emerald eyes, studying the emotion roiling in their depths. She met his gaze, the pure desire blazing white hot, and he drove, with one final thrust, his full length into her. She moaned, her body filled with him, her grinding hips telling him how much she wanted him.

"Ride me," he rumbled low in her ear. "Belong to me." She let her hips grind, losing herself to his power. Her breasts heaved with his cock deep behind them, and she wondered how he fit inside of her. But even at the feel of having him inside of her, all around her, she held onto him, her fingers digging into whatever she could hold as she grasped at him, tried to pull him closer. 

"Mmmmmmm...my pet," he let a claw stroke softly down her back.

"Please," she begged, gasping, "please fuck me. Please own me and fuck me. Make me yours." She was so much stronger than he had ever expected, so hungry for his powerful sex. She rode him hard and he rose up into her, hard, strong strokes spreading her pussy, splitting it with his power. He let the pure animal instinct take over and fucked her yielding body. She took everything that he gave her, screams of pleasure overriding the gasps of pain. 

Gently, he lifted her with his front legs, turning her even as she was still impaled on his cock. He placed her on all fours beneath him, her body shuddering as he took her, continued to fuck her. Long, deep strokes drew tears of pain down her cheeks. Tears of joy, pleasure, and bliss trailed behind, easing the memory of the pain. An arm slid under her, cradled her possessively, protectively to him. "You will belong to me," he growled in her ear. "In all ways I will mark you as mine. But you must let go, own your desires like a wanton slut. Let your dark side be free. Respond to me, to those desires you hide from even yourself, the desires you don't want to face."

"I'm yours," she moaned. "Let me be your slut, your pet. Ride me; make me cum. Take me in every way and own me. Please..." She cried as he pulled from her pussy, another orgasm shuddering through her, leaving her feeling empty as he withdrew. But the emptiness lasted only a moment as his cock thrust into her ass, filling her body once again. She screamed as he split her open in one savage thrust, then begged him to continue. 

She could feel his cock running up her spine as he continued to fuck her. His belly fur was rough against her satin skin as he hovered over her, held her to him; his claws raking at her. Tears continued sliding down her cheeks, but she didn't notice. She was only aware of how he seemed to reach up to her throat as he thrust into her. As blood slicked the passage of his cock in her ass, she knew that he should be ripping her apart. Somehow, though, she was able to take him completely. 

"I am yours," Almeda moaned out. "I belong to the beast." 

"Mmmmm...mine...forever..." Medwin rumbled.

"Yours...forever..." Almeda pledged. 

As her words trailed off, he came, his seed spurting into her. As the powerful blasts pulsed into her, it soothed her ravaged flesh, healing her raw wounds. She felt filled, the burning pain soothed and eased as if by lotion. He withdrew and let himself enter into her pussy, pumping once and then a second time to release the rest of his seed into her. She let out a soft moan as he withdrew, leaving her with a small geyser of seed spurting into her. 

"Clean me," the Griffin's voice rumbled softly. The woman turned and let her tongue slide over him, licking at his softening cock. She noted the mixture of herself and his cum was tangy on her tongue, soothing her as it slid down her throat. His claw, light on her back, caressing, soothed her body and soul. Finally, as she lapped at the last traces of his creamy seed, his member slid back inside of its sheath. 

Almeda leaned against him wearily, and he held her to his chest and glided downward to the crystal-watered river that ran through the forest. "Bathe yourself," he directed, nudging her toward the cool waters. She waded into the river and let flowing waters lap at her. As she bathed and floated, she felt as if her old life were drifting away. 

It seemed to her she had been floating for hours when he called to her, her limbs left weighted as she made her way to him. Within moments she was kneeling on the hides in his cave, one of them wrapped around her shivering frame. She knelt against the giant beast, her cheek nuzzling the velvety roughness of his chest, his wings wrapped around her. Her voice was low but clear as she answered his unasked question. "I will stay if you will have me."

His caresses and nuzzles were tender as she felt his collar close around her. She smiled, amazed by her ecstasy of becoming the Griffin's pet. 

She curled up next to him on his bed of hides, the rumbling purr of his contentment lulling her to doze, a blissful smile of sleep curving her lips for the first time in memory.