 Kawaii, cuteness in Japanese culture, is literally translated to adorable, precious, lovable, or innocent. Lolita fashion, a Japanese fashion subculture, combines Victorian clothing from the Rococo period with gothic elements. The Lolita look consists of high heel/platform shoes, stockings, a bell shaped knee length skirt/dress, blouse/petticoat, and a fancy hair dress. Punk Lolita, a style of Lolita fashion, employs tattered clothing, fishnet stockings, safety pins, and plaid. The key to the style is in the layering of fabrics.

Confused? Just take a look at me, Tamiko, the 21 year old, Japanese girl. I am the one standing on the right. My cousin Chokichi, next to me, is smiling with his teeth shining and eyes squinting. He is wearing a shiny new suit. On the far side is Kaiko, my older sister. She is wearing Gothic Lolita style. In front of us, with my sister's camera, is the conductor in his stiff and sharp uniform. His face behind the camera is smiling and showing too much enthusiasm. He clearly fantasizes about young, good looking ones like us.

So take a look at me, while the conductor still waves for us to adjust our poses and counts down to the shot. My boots are over the calf. The shiny white patent leather contrasts with the black shoe strings that create neat triangles going up the boot. The boot, of course, is oversized. They create a powerful feeling of being able to stomp over anything, including men. The platforms and high heels make it a bit wobbly to walk.

Over the knee socks lurk out of the boots. The left one is striped black and white. The right one is stripped black and red. A fishnet covers them both. Above the socks is a stretch of nude thigh skin. My thighs are, of course, stubby, like any short Japanese girl's. I am five feet two inches.

The black skirt stands out in a bell shape. That leaves plenty of free air space under my hips. Every time that the train door opens at a stop, the cool fall air is swirling a memory of rainy train platforms and fallen golden leaves under my bare thighs.

A thick white leather belt with metal studs hangs around my hips. Fine, little chains hang from one stud to the next in a u-shape. The top is a black blouse with white pattern stitching. The elbows are bare skin. The forearms and wrists are clad in a black and white tube.

If you are a guy, you are probably bored by now by all the girly fashion stuff. Chokichi only cared for the leather choker around my neck with the chain that hangs down the middle of my chest. Around my belly button is a ring sized for a middle finger. He tried leading me around the train for the first half hour of the ride. I kept smacking him to make him stop. Kaiko only giggled at my exasperated face.

Snap -- the picture was finally taken. "Bye, bye, pervy condi," called Kaiko with an overly sweet smile. Her raising cheeks and squinting eyes made it impossible to talk sweet and see at the same time. The train conductor walked down the train car still facing us and bowing. Every moment that he could spend with us young ones was precious for the slightly gray heard man.

"Onsen party is the phattest party of the year. The band 'Blood is the New Black' will play. All the hottest boys and girls will party. There are not rules. The party is on land administered by the Aino People. That's a native tribe from before Japanese people had arrived in Japan. They don't care. The party location, a hot spring is too far up the mountain for them to bother patrol," said Chokichi to me. It was the first year that I was old enough to go.

Kaiko led the way into the next train compartment. The train had new and firm upholstery on the benches. Shiny metal poles stood near the next and were everywhere else along the ceiling. I followed curiously looking.

The next train compartment was a fashion smorgasboard of other young people traveling to Hokkaido, Japan's second largest island. The windows on the outside were black, because we were traveling 700 feet below the seabed. Any moment, we were going to surface on Hokkaido. That would be my first time.

My eyes flurried everywhere. A girl had screaming pink hair. The hair was shaped into straight dagger like strands that covered her face hair line to chin. Beneath the veil of hair, she had a metal mask with spikes. Her eyes had purple and black makeup lines that made her look even more intense.

Another girl had two inch long butterfly wings attached to her eye lashes. Neon pink dots covered the butterfly wings. The dots contrasted lovely with the poison green wig. Her lips were painted with pink lip stick to exaggerate the curves of the lips. Her true almost skin colored lips made it easy for the bright pink to create an illusion. Only tracing her lips carefully made the trick visible.

Two girls reclined aloof of the crowd to twirl pink mini vinyl sun umbrellas. They were dressed exactly the same in cute Lolita outfits with skirts, large high heel boots, and a hundred details of zippers, buttons, and embroidery.

The guys tried to draw attention by playing music from small speakers and passing little artisan crafted liquor bottles around. Some of them also dressed in costumes. Others had spiky hair and sharp suits. The regular people of the commuter train had fled in discomfort.

"Kon Ni chi Wa" and "Ha ji Me Ma Shi Te" were exchanged. Puckered girl lips kissed the air, while cheeks softly touched. Cutesy, Japanese eyes smiled at each other with overacted friendliness. Crass guys insisted on drinking shots out of bottle caps. I took shot. My neck tilted back with heft. The guys raised the fists and their mouth drew wide open to cheer. Eager for the same praise, the next girl waved her little hand to get a bottle cap full as well.

When the train ran into the final station, police lined up along the train. Row by row, they stood in neat uniforms. Their faces talked of a middle class life and earnest dedication to execute their orders. They formed tight ranks for the festival goers to stream straight to the transit buses without wreaking havoc on the city. Plainly dressed older women paused to look over the wall of police officer at the parade of youth culture from the centers of Japan, Tokyo, Yokohama, and Oasko.

The buses were bouncy. The tires were black and uncovered. The paint had peeled. The springs in the seats lowered a foot down. The prefecture had retired the buses for junk yard recycling. The young party organizers had been excited about the deal.

We went to the back of the bus. In front of me was an ocean of colorful hair and head coverings. Blues, reds, and greens were popular for hair. Victoria miniature hats were popular as well. An animated guy, about 23 years old, stood in the aisle in the front of the bus. His hair was read and poured over his head like a layered mushroom. He had a black wool coat with many buttons. In his hand, he held a black box with two red wires, and bronze colored electrodes.

"Onsen gameshow, come play. I put two wires in your nostril. And, then I shock. The contestant that takes the highest level shock wins. Each side of the bus is one team."

A guy with a wide body and thick short hair raised his fist into the air. Ten seconds later, he had two bronze electrodes in his nostril. He was breathing dramatically pressed air. His body leaned forward. The bus chanted "Jiro, Jiro, Jiro." The host wannabe dialed the box to level 2. A click sounded that even I could hear faintly at the back of the bus.

After a second of motionless pause, the contestant screamed in victory. The two girls behind the guy got especially excited and bounced high on their seats. He kept pointing the thumb up to receive higher level shock after the next, until he was lying on the floor with a pain torn face. He was waiting for the nose to start feeling normal again. The bus crowd cheered and laughed, while the rain soaked autumn trees of the national forest past by.

The contestant of the other side was skinnier and lost two levels too low. As punishment, the first contestant got to sit on the face of the loser. Every bump in the road made the seat bounce a foot down. The bus crowd cheered at the dilemma of the loser sinking under the winner's ass.

By the time the contest reached me in the back of the bus, the rules had changed. Girls received the electrodes against their nipples under the clothes. My competitor was a girl with long black natural hair. Her hair was hanging down the side of her face. The rest was twirled in a bun behind her face. She wore a long black skirt and only a python skin tube bra that showed bottom cleavage. Her upper arm had spiral metal ring. She looked like a female sexy Ali Baba.

The first electric zaps had a gentle tingling. If anything, it felt strange like biting on aluminum foil. I giggled with excitement as all the faces were looking my way laughing and cheering. I lifted my body a little more erect and showed the okay with my fingers.

The next shock took my breath away. It wasn't exactly a feeling. It was a stunning jolt that left me unsure to what had happened. The game host called something out at my baffled open face. My sister had gone one level higher. I gave the okay.

The game host's fingers felt my nipples under my clothes. His smooth fingers touched my gentle nipples. The pointed electrodes pushed against my nipples. The game host counted down. I shook my hands rapidly to dissipate anxiety. Zing -- I jumped up to stand on the bus seat. I felt like my chest had been slapped with a leather belt. I held my nipples to let them cool down. The bus crowd was cheering with waving arms.

"Tamiko is the winner," cheered the self appointed game host. He held up my arm straight overhead. Chokichi and Kaiko gave me the thumbs up. The Ali Baba like dressed girl lay down on her back with an upset face. Her nostrils were raised up.

Then, I sat down on her face. At first, it was purely mechanical. I lowered my skirt over her face. A moment later, I became aware of the smooth light purple panties that I was wearing. I noticed her nose pushing against my sex. The bus crowed anticipated every bounce that would send my butt down on her face with the worn out upholstery. The girl under my ass was naughty. Her tongue licked my beneath with tiny little at like lips. She taunted me. I got up.

The bus shortly arrived at a makeshift clearing in the forest. Heavy bus tire had destroyed the grass and small bushes. The lot was turned into a parking lot. Pine trees stood tall and green, when we stepped out into the moist soil. Our shiny sparkling clean shoes had to step through heavy bus tire tracks. The profile of the tires was clearly visible in the pliable dirt.

The contrast of crisp new clothing and the outdoor dirt became only stronger, when we ascended a trail up the rugged mountain. Platform patent leather boots had mud spots on them. Occasionally little brown mud spots were found all over people's costumes. The rare girl had fallen with a knee covered in a mud circle. Tears were in her eyes for the ruined clothes before the festival. The trail was a fashion challenge with the rocks, tree roots, and dirt in between. Yet, the air was exhilarating fresh and tasty.

An hour in, sprinkles of snow began next to the trail. The trail itself remained snow free from the hundreds of feet stomping along. Farther, a thin snow blanket formed. The trees were already bare for winter at the higher elevation. The fashionably dressed crowd froze on exposed knees and sweated in the back from the steep incline. The party atmosphere drowned into a little core of knowing expectation held close to their heart.

Finally, they had arrived. The first tall black sound stage had a band of five playing upbeat music to a small dancing circle. Nestled among the trees were overhead gas heaters. New arrivers clumped beneath them to warm up.

From the warmth of a gas heater, I could see that around me were a lot of forest trees, little rock piles, and the like. Every open space had a sound stage, gas heater, food stand, or other surprise waiting. Trees were decorated with painting and colorful objects hanging from them. There were so many choices of either joining the house music crowd with their upbeat bouncing around or the punk crowd with their intensely emotional music.

Of course, the specialty of the onsen party was the hot spring. Multiple pools of natural hot water invited for swimming. The monkeys, the year round landlords of the hot spring, had to be treated carefully and respectful to protect them. Yet, the people needed more protection from the ever stealing monkeys. They loved candy and shiny toys. They'd swoop from above onto the unsuspecting and be off, before one realized what had happened. And, the monkeys thought nothing of darting into the middle of a crowd. 

Among all the stylish party goers in cute costumes with laborious details was one girl completely in the buff. She moved noticeably slower than everyone else. She didn't look around her to take in all the sights. In slow seductive motions, she glided towards her goal. Watching her was mesmerizing.

"Kaiko, what is wrong with that girl?" I asked my sister.

"She is pretending to be the onsen oyasi. The Aino people, the native tribe here, believe that every thing has a spirit, ghost, or demon. They call them oyasi. A bear has an oyasi. A lake has an oyasi. This hotspring has an onsen oyasi. This onsen oyasi is supposed to be a naked girl with magical powers. Every year a few crazy girls pretend to be onsen oyasis. Tradition says that every boy has to obey every with of an onsen oyasi. Some boys do and some boys don't."

I was intrigued. I followed her at a safe distance. What would she do? What would that crazy girl be like? I had seen crazy girls flashed boys under the table in fast food restaurants. Supposedly, some girls tried to kiss their dentist, when he had to come close to look inside their mouth. What would a crazy girl at a part with no laws do?

Soft steam came off her skin in the cool forest temperatures. She followed a path higher. We passed a stand with tasty looking ramen soup that I wanted to go back to later. We passed a stage with a Japanese hip hop band. There were less party goers and more organizers setting up, as we ventured to the edge of the festival. I kept following the perfect buns.

The naked girl stepped around a large tree and out of sight. I quickly caught my steps across the maze of tree roots to avoid losing her. She stood right behind the tree. Her green eyes with yellow around the green looked directly at me.

"Tamiko, how wonderful to see you."

"How do you know my name? Did Kaiko tell you to play mischief with me?"

"I know your name, because I summoned you here."

"Haha, very cute, onsen oyasi."

"My name is Aiko. Come take a bath with me."

"Is this the women's section? I didn't bring my bathing suit."

"Tamiko, look around you. We are alone. Nobody will disturb us here."

"Okay."

I peeled myself out of the clothes that I had neatly put on. When I was down to my lightly purple panties and bra, I paused for a moment. The material of the underwear was very soft and thing. The air was chilly.

Aiko was already submersed in the hot pool of water among big rocks. Clouds of steam hung above the water. A few monkeys with gray fur and fiery red phases hung out on the other side of the pool. Snow crested on rocks not too far away.

When I stepped into the water, the heat was at first painfully hot. Letting the water rise up my bare legs was like stepping through a wall. The idyllic, dreamy face of Aiko encouraged me to move on. Standing on tippy toes, letting my bum and sex lower into the water was a heavy barrier of courage. I let the hot water sting my skin.

Soft sweat clouds had collected on my forehead, when Aiko embraced me softly with her arms. I felt her smooth skin intimately holding me. Her breasts pushed against my back unabashed. She pulled me closer into the center of the hot spring. Soon, my boobs submerged into the water. My thoughts were on pause. The blood was rushing to my skin to move the heat. Tingling was all over.

I thought I had felt a wet kiss from Aiko's lips on my neck. All the body contact made it hard to identify. Her body was wrapped around mine from behind. Occasionally, her knees bumped into my legs from behind as we moved through the blissful water. I felt like re-entering a womb like state from the soft caress of the water.

Aiko's movements and touch were very caring and sensual at the same time. It made it hard to deny her little maneuvers of moving me around the hot spring. Her hands changed around my body. She touched my boobs without hesitation to lift me a little to the side. Boundaries were blurred.

When she turned around and kissed my lips with a wide open mouth, I protested: "I am not a lesbian. I don't know you."

"This is the onsen party. There are no laws. I am the oyasi, you must obey my wishes."

I thought about it for a moment, while her tongue explored my mouth. Her tongue was a strong bendy muscle deep between my teeth. I was curious about her. I glided my tongue along her teeth. They felt like ivory guardians. I tasted the underside of her tongue. The saliva was sweater here. I felt her tongue. The upper side of the tongue was a bit rougher.

Did the little contact at the mouth also make her whole body feel so good? Feeling permitted as she kissed me, I explored her large round tits. Mine were always small. They felt like a flat brief case rather than a ball. Hers were round and had a bouncy feel. She twiddled my nipples in a sexual and confident way. I was the unprepared lint licker.

"This is just party crazy, right? We are not going to have sex," I asked with a worried tone.

"Just onsen party crazy. There are no laws," breathed Aiko back in a sultry voice. Then her head disappeared in the water. Her tongue reappeared at my clitoris.

In air, there is a slight moment advance warning before being touched. We can feel the warm air that envelops bodies. Under water, the touch is sudden without forewarning. The constant caress makes it harder to make out subtle caresses from another person. So immediately, there was a good pressure and tongue flicking at my clitoris. Her arms wrapped around my thighs to keep under water. I didn't know what turned me on more, her body wriggling against my thighs to stay under or her mouthing of my clitoris.

"Okay, you gave me lip kisses, I will kiss you back," I replied.

Aiko pulled herself back onto a smooth boulder. Her back was arched across the boulder. Her pussy was slightly above the water. She had almost no hair and then only thin hair, as we Japanese have. Her labia were small and neat. I moved forward through the resistence of the hot water.

My hot lips sunk onto her sex. My tongue glided in between her vagina lips, as if they belonged. Everything was so smooth and neat about her sex. A soft taste of almost strawberry pineapple covered her. I lapped my tongue up with extra pressure, when I reached her clitoris.

Aiko's body had a smooth belly with lines visible of her abdominal muscles. Her skin was flawlessly white. Her breasts were naturally and dispersed into a small mound on her chest, because she reclined. Soft moans and high pitched shrieks escaped her mouth as I licked her. It felt odd to lick another girl's vagina for the first time. Yet, I really liked her response to it.

"I want to feel you," breathed Aiko. Her voice was heavy with sexual tension. She repeated herself again.

I let her guide me however she wanted. I was new to this. Soon, our legs scissored each other, so that our pussies could touch. I was a little turned on not a lot. At first, I felt awkward about tilting my pelvis to rub my vaginal lips, clitoris, and pubic bone against her. However, her body was so electric with moans, tension, and twitches that I really want to be part of it. I wanted to drive her more. So, half my pussy strokes were meant to incite more pleasure in her. Yet, as I got into the pussy rubbing, I increasingly pushed in ways to feel my own pleasure buttons pushed.
