 Paul signed up for the experiment, when he arrived, he was guided to an empty room. He was instructed to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to conditions of the experiment. He looked around seeing the screen in the otherwise empty room, and that there was only one other door. He touched the screen and it lit up and after asking for his personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description that he was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on his body. He went ahead and clicked the understand button. It went on to inform him that he would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes he would have to be unclothed. 

Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' He clicked agree, and read that the exit door would lead him to the options room and from there he would select what environment to test. His clothing would be on other side when he exited and he would be required to fill out a short survey about his experience. There were safeguards and he would never be in any danger. He opened the door seeing the a wide range of doors in front of him. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. He glanced around, there were very few doors for male participants. He walked along and finally selected the one that said P: Plain. He noticed the environments were in alphabetically order and wondered what a plain environment would be like. The neutral voice said, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Paul stepped into the room, it was sandy and he realized that plain had meant a desert plain. The sand was not all that abrasive and he wondered what the temperature was in the room. He took a few steps getting used to the feel of the warm soft white sand shifting under his feet when a woman appeared. He had thought he was going to be alone, but evidently not. She was barely dressed with golden blonde hair and a stunning body. He moved towards her when he felt her spear at his throat.

"Hello," he managed to say as he watched her eyes appraise him. Paul felt nervous, he was twenty eight and not in the best condition of his life. His corporate job had made him soft and it showed.

"I am here to guide you," her voice was soft and lilting.

"Okay," he readily agreed, "could you move the spear?" he asked as he looked up at her, noticing that her white garment was strategically slashed for optimal movement. 

"You must agree to provide me with what I need," she said. Patricia was enjoying the role of the warrior, as an aerobics instructor she had the body for it and now she had the power.

"Of course, anything you want, just name it," he had no idea what he could provide her as she lifted the spear and he stood before her.

"Come, we shall talk as I take you to my tent," Patricia thrilled in the sensations. It was everything they said it would be, the perfect environment, and the clueless man. There were certain rules and she let them drift in her mind. It wouldn't do to break them otherwise this would all be for nothing.

He walked slightly behind her as she walked faster than him, "Your tent?"

"Once my people filled this area. We ruled the plains in peace and prosperity. Our men traded, farmed, and raised children. The women hunted and everything was fine. Then the raiders came and destroyed everything, burning, pillaging, plundering, destroying what they could not take. I was out on a vision quest and returned home to the smells of destruction."

He listened and decided this was all part of the experience. "What do you need from me?"

"Listen," she chided and shortened her stride so that he could walk beside her. "Women ruled, we chose our lovers and our mates. Good men were fought over for breeding rights. When hunting a man was often shared among the hunters." She glanced over at him noticing how his body was responding. "I shared men with my fellow hunters but never chose a life mate." She stopped as they had reached the top of the rise. She noticed he was panting slightly as he bent over to catch his breath. "There is my tent, and there you shall join me in the mourning ritual."

He glanced out spotting the dark spot among the sand and asked, "Morning ritual? but it's afternoon."

"Not morning as in time of day, but mourning as in grieving for my tribe." She turned away from him, she was ad libbing and hoped she didn't trip over her own words.

"Fine, what do I have to do?" Paul asked as the skidded down the sandy slope.

"First we must cleanse our bodies," she said. Patricia was enjoying this more than she expected and she wondered if he were willing to do this type of thing more often. He was handsome if a tad out of shape.

They were approaching the tent and the closer he got the more he wondered how big was the environment room.

"You shall attend to me," she said as they entered the tent.

"Tell me what to do," he found himself at a loss and sort of excited about this ritual.

"Remove my clothing." He felt odd as he removed her garment revealing her smooth toned body. She stepped towards a large tub he hadn't noticed before and stepped in. "Clean me," she commanded. He took a large sponge and stepped into the tub. He felt odd obeying her even as it felt the most natural thing to do, once her body was cleaned the water was growing cold. "Clean yourself," she said as she stepped out of the tub, he watched water dripping off her rose tits as he quickly cleaned himself off. He felt better than when he had entered this place as he left the tub. 

"Are you ready?" she asked turning to look at him, eyes drifting down taking in his body.

"Yes," he decided against a silly answer as he didn't want to annoy her.

She laid down among dozens of pillows and he followed. "It is quite simple, there were twenty three women in my tribe, of those five were too young to have hunted, twelve were mothers and the last six were my hunting sisters. For each mother lost one of my mates would suck my breasts for a count of ten and for each of my hunting sisters he would spill his seed inside me. As I have no mates, you shall have to fill in." She was glad her tan was hiding her blush and she noticed his jaw drop. 

"That could take all day," he replied as his body stirred to action, imagining fucking this luscious women six times.

"Once you are unable to spill your seed another activity will be substituted if necessary." Her heart was racing, her blood pounding in her ears as he moved to a breast. She could feel her heart beating out the time, when he switched to the other for a count of ten. She was losing count of how many times when he stopped. 

"Are you ready?" He was overwhelmed by her and saw her nod. As he leaned over her she shifted and suddenly he was under her. Her hands were on his chest and he watched as she lowered herself onto his throbbing hard cock. It was all too soon when he let go and filled her. It didn't stop her as he thought it would she just kept riding and he felt his cock stay hard inside her. He was surprised about that and gave it no further thought as he felt her body grip him as pleasure coursed through her. His body responded by spurting again and she took it in stride. He wondered how long she could keep him hard and cumming but he didn't really care at this point. She pulled him into a sitting position and offered her tits to him. He greedily sucked as his body shoot off a third time, switching to the other nipple feeling her body collapse around him squeezing his cock. Paul relaxed and felt his cock spit out a fourth load. He could feel the head of his cock throbbing as she fucked him through five, and after that he felt himself softening. She stood and he watched as a strand of his cum spread between her cunt and his cock. She turned around and sat down facing away from him. 

"One more," she moaned as she guided him back into her.

He didn't think it could be done but the feel of her body pulled him back to being rock hard. His hands reached around her to play with her tits, he felt a little guilty that she hadn't cum as many times as he had. He held back through two intense orgasmic waves of her body, by the third he was doomed. He felt the cum sputter out of him in short gushes. He sank back onto the pillows and yawned. He watched her stand up and saw her smile as she redressed. Paul wasn't sure what he expected now but a nap was high on his list.

"Thank you, rest now. You have earned it."

Paul stretched and glanced down seeing his happy stiff cock soaked in fluid. It was the last thing he remembered seeing when he woke up. He expected to be in the sandy plains, but instead was in a sterile room with his clothing beside him. 

The neutral computer voice was saying, "Thank you for your participation. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Had it been real are all some trick of his mind? Paul had always felt too commanding at work and longed to come home to a take charge kind of woman. She had been some woman. He glanced down, his cock was still slick but had finally settled down. He dressed and went over to the screen and tapped the next button. If it had been real he wanted to know who she was and if she was interested in more.

The first question flashed across the screen. 'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' He selected, 'I want to do it again.' Maybe not right now but eventually he thought.

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. He quickly tapped yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for him to type his response. He wondered how to phrase it politely and said, "The mourning ritual."

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you. She enjoyed the experience as well."

"Yes," he was excited as he saw a door slide open and the woman step through. She was clothed very differently but he would recognize her anywhere. "So were you part of the experiment or another guinea pig?"

"You were my experiment," she smiled. He was wearing a tailored suit and she wondered what he did for a living as she moved towards him.

"Anytime," he softly said as he looked her in the eye.

"How about now?" she jokingly said.

"Well, I don't know about my lower half but the rest of me would love to experiment."

"Hungry? I am. How about a nice meal and we can take things from there?"

"Whatever you want," he gallantly offered his arm and felt reassured when she took it.

"By the way, my name is Paul."

"Patricia," she said as they strolled out of the room.