 **This is the first entry in what I hope may become a series, which springs from a sexual fantasy version of a disease outbreak survivor story but is in no way based on any real people, places or events **

*****

Today's game was a new concoction, inspired by my love of having multiple women in my bed and my love of playing games with them. 

Lindsay, a natural redhead, lies to my left. To the right, there is Alex and Kimmy. Alex is a petite blonde with glasses and Kimmy is a brunette with luscious fake breasts and absolutely no pubic hair. Before we went "to bed" earlier this evening, I placed a small beige pill on their tongues and kissed them goodnight.

They won't be waking up until I'm ready for that. 

In the meantime, I get to play the game.

As I explained to them before they took the pill, I plan to violate each of them in a different way. When they wake up, I want to see if they can correctly guess what I did to them.

The longer I've been here in the palace, the more pleasure I've gotten out of creating these games.

Lucy, my attendant, brought me my evening dose before she locked me in the room with my three ladies. I dutifully swallowed it, smiled and kissed her goodnight.

The dose will give me the virility to play my games.

It only takes a few minutes for the dose to go straight to my balls, and I start to feel them ache with desire as I lounge in the bed beside my three game pieces in their skimpy lingerie.

I breathe in their freshly washed and anointed scents, reflecting on my good luck. They call this place the palace, but really, I am not the king.

This is just the best prison and hospital I could ever ask for.

When the blight struck, it make 99.99% of men infertile. Nearly half of the male population died. I was one of the few who survived with his manhood intact, thanks to a natural immunity.

Here in my palace, the only one in a three-state area, I spend about 8 hours a day with my cock being sucked by a milking machine. Usually, this happens while I am in a chemically-enhanced sleep and after I take two shots of the dose. 

Another few hours of each day are occupied with meals, working out and constant health checks.

But for about eight hours every evening, it is my time to play my games. Women are so keen on becoming pregnant that most will participate in anything I can imagine in order to be guaranteed a splooge of active sperm. They always know the nature of the games in advance and they always sign an agreement.

Lindsay is beginning to snore and now I know it is time for the game. She is my first player.

She was sleeping on her side, facing me, but now I turn her on to her back and peel her nightgown off over her head. It is surprisingly difficult to get the thin material out from under her body without her help — but it is a good sign that she is dead asleep. 

With her naked, I remove my own clothes and begin to kiss her body. I tickle her nipples with the head of my cock, make it hard, then slap her in the face with it. 

She sleeps through it all. I notice a smile curling on Alex's lips, but that is the only movement from either of the other two players. 

I turn Lindsay over onto her stomach, and pull her mane of red hair to the right while I turn her face toward the other women. With my foot, I spread her legs sightly, and lick my way from the base of her neck down to the crack of her ass.

Lucy had made sure all of the women were thoroughly cleaned. My assistants always make sure playthings are clean, but more importantly, she makes sure the players are the type I would find sexy.

I take my time, inspecting Lindsay's ass and pussy from the bone prone position. I lick her sphincter and press my tongue inside.

She is still sleeping. Perfect.

From a drawer next to the bed, I grab the lube. I squeeze it out onto her asshole and then put a dab in my hand. After rubbing it onto the head of my cock, I cleaned my hand on Kimmy's nearby nightgown.

As I touched the tip of my head to the ring of her asshole, I felt no resistance. She didn't clench her muscles or take a deep breath the way women do when they are awake. Her body was totally relaxed and I was totally ready.

I pushed my way slowly inside her warm ass, feeling it stretch around me as I opened her up from behind. Her hair ruffled and her ample ass jiggled as I slowly began to thrust. 

After a few minutes of thrusting, I decided that I wanted to have some fun with my hands too.

I pulled out of her ass, and stood beside the bed. Pulling from her ankles, I dragged Lindsay to the side of the bed and let her legs dangle to the floor.

From there, her ass was available to me doggy-style and my hands could play with her tits while I pounded her asshole. Her young, fleshy breasts were a small handful with puffy nipples that hardened as I played with them.

I fucked her ass from this position until I was nearly ready to cum. But first I had one more position in mind.

I rolled her over, grasped her ankles and lifted her legs into a v-shape. Bending my knees again, I slipped my dick into her now-reamed out hole.

Humping her this way made her breasts jiggle and her red hair bounce on the bed. It was a perfect view as her pussy turned pink and it seemed like she was having a wet dream of her own. 

When it was time to cum, I shoved my dick balls-deep in her ass, let go of her ankles and grabbed her tits so hard that it left pink hand marks for several minutes afterward. I grunted as one of my drug-enhanced loads pumped into her bowels.

Another, fun idea came to mind. I wanted to do it before I took a quick nap.

"Lucy, come in here please," I said, pressing the green button beside the door.

She was inside a moment later, obediently asking how she could help. She stared and me and my naked cock, never glancing at the playthings on the bed. 

"Get a straw from the kitchen and come back here quickly."

When she returned, I instructed her that she would have a treat tonight.

"Use the straw here, stick it into Lindsay's asshole and suck out my cum."

Lindsay's ass had begun to pucker in the minutes since my forced-entry, but Lucy diligently put some lube on the straw and shoved it in. I held one hand on her head as she sucked down two mouthfuls of warm, white jizz. 

My other hand, on her neck, could feel her swallowing. 

With the task finished, Lucy asked if she could be of any more help. I had her re-dress Lindsay while I washed my face. 

Lucy locked the door again as she left, and it was my turn to rest a bit before the next game. 

This time, I chose to strip Kimmy. Her augmented breasts shook with that firm jiggle of silicone as I freed them from the thin fabric.

Grabbing her ankles, I dragged her about three-quarters of the way down the bed and turned her over.

I laid down above her on the bed and grasped her hair in my left hand. With my right hand, I pulled open her mouth and then slid downward.

With her open mouth above my mostly-softened dick, I lowered her face onto my hips. My cock was warm in her wet mouth, and she drooled a bit as she slept with me inside it. 

This was where I planned to take a nap, until the dose kicked in again and I was ready to move to the next step of my evening.

When I awoke, Kimmy's breathing had tickled my balls and brought my dick back to attention. It was aching with the drive to be used. 

I kissed Alex, who slept beside me, and then took hold of Kimmy's head. With one hand grasping over each ear, and her mouth still wide open, I began to pump her mouth on my cock. 

As I grew harder, I also grew bolder, pushing deeper down her throat. Even as she gagged and drooled on my girth, she stayed asleep. 

I looked at Alex and saw the smile curling on her lips. Lindsay had turned away in her sleep, I could see only the back of her red head.

Before I go too far, I decided to have fun with Kimmy's large knockers.

I lift her head, pulling my cock out of her warm mouth and slide off the bed. Once I'm standing, I slide her body to the edge of the bed and then gently onto the floor.

I sit her back against the side of the bed, and I squeeze her tits around my dick. I thrust between them, with the spit and drool from her mouth providing lubrication. Her nipples harden after a moment and I pinch the alternating sides as I go.

When I begin to feel close to cumming, I release her breasts and return to the warmth of her mouth. 

From here, I can rub on the inside of her cheeks and over the center of her tongue. But what I want to do, is ram her throat.

She is so relaxed, she takes it deeper than I would have expected. Deep enough that I feel almost like I'm humping a very wet pussy. Deep enough that I can lean forward, lift Alex's dress and begin to lick her clit while I finish off in Kimmy's mouth.

I give her time to breathe between deep thrusts, but soon I am ready for the big one. I stick my left index finger inside Alex's tight cunt, put one hand behind Kimmy's head and pull her balls-deep on my cock.

I can't help but grunt as I send wave after wave of fresh jizz directly down her throat. By the third pulse, I realize that she is gagging a bit and I relax my grip on her head. The fourth pulse sends a little dribbling down the side of her mouth.

This time, I don't call for cleanup yet. I'm feeling good, but the dose has me worked up to a peak and I am not yet satisfied. There's still Alex, half naked, in front of me and it is time to bury myself in her waiting muff.

I slap Kimmy on the side of her face with my cock and then climb up on to the bed. Kimmy's face, messy with drool and cum, face will be cleaned later. 

Alex's clothes are quickly pulled off and thrown onto the floor. My dick is throbbing, but I want to make it last so I call for Lucy as I drag Alex's body toward the edge of the bed.

I'm pinching Alex's nipples between my fingers as my dick drools and I explain to Lucy what I'm planning. Once the explanation is done, she tells me that she's excited to be invited into the game and ready to begin.

I tear her clothes off, sending buttons flying around the room. After a quick suck on her exposed nipple, I turn her around and push her down to the floor so that she is sitting on the floor between Alex's spread legs.

Lucy's job, from this position, is to lick on my balls and tickle my asshole just enough that it distracts me a bit from Alex's tight teenage cunt. I also told Lucy to feel free to throw in a little dirty talk.

Her tongue is running from my asshole to my scrotum as I push into Alex's warm flower. She is as tight as I imagined, and so I am moving slowly as I push my way in.

When I bottom out, I hold still for a moment, feeling her warmth on my shaft and Lucy's tongue on my sack.

As my instincts take over, I start to thrust lustily into Alex's body. Lucy alternates between her assigned tasks and I am grateful for both her encouragement and her distraction. All of my senses are firing hot.

Alex's nipples harden on her breasts and bounce as I trust harder. Looking at them, I have to suck them, and so I do.

My hands wrap tightly around Alex's hips, squeezing her ass cheeks as I press inside of her and grind my cock as deeply inside her as I can. I am distinctly aware that my orgasm is building and I want it to launch as far into her belly as I can put it. 

Lucy knows I'm getting close and she begins to leave my balls alone, focusing instead on her words of encouragement. She tells me how hot the situation is and how much Alex wants my cum. 

On my final thrust I grunt and moan. My cock throbs as gob after gob of hot cum empty into Alex's womb. 

I can tell this was a big load, so I line Lucy up. As soon as I pull out, Alex's tight pussy expels a small white waterfall which splashes into Lucy's open mouth and onto her face.

It was so hot, but my boner was still hard, so I decided to take one more conquest tonight.

When Lucy tried to stand up, I grabbed her and bent her forward. Her mouth opened, as if to ask a question, but before she could utter a word I slammed my cock into her naked pussy.

Now, Lucy had been my assistant for several days and in my briefing about her I learned she was incredibly shy. As with all assistants, an impregnation will end her service but I would not let that happen without having a little fun.

As I stood there, with her torso hanging off the end of my dick, I tapped her on the shoulder and told her to call in the cleanup crew. I knew she would hate having other women working in the room while she was naked and I was fucking her from behind, but this is my palace and her last task in it.

Her body flushed and her pussy grew even warmer when the three cleaners entered and began to wash the other playthings of the night. Meanwhile, I fucked Lucy slowly for the most part. 

But when one of the cleaners came close, I sped up a bit, just to make Lucy moan.

The women finished their work quickly, re-dressing Alex, Kimmy and Lindsay in their original clothes and returning them to their original places. The last step was administering the small shot of antidote that would wake them up on cue.

As the shot was put in each woman's arm, I sat down, with Lucy still spinning on my cock. 

My three playthings awoke quickly and looked around with a certain amount of disorientation until I called for their attention. 

"Can you guess how each of you were used?" I said as I slowly bounced Lucy on my lap.

Kimmy, the first to guess, wrongly thought she'd been fucked. Lindsay correctly guessed that she'd been analized. Alex also correctly guessed what had happened to her.

I made Lucy tell each of them the story of my night our own fucking sped up.

Because she had lost, I told Kimmy to kneel between my legs. Her punishment, so to speak, would be eating Lucy's cream pie after I filled her with my last orgasm before bed. 

This was a good game. I might have to play it again some time.