 Sune (pronounced Soo-nee I have been told) is sort of an “official” god from FR or D&D. Don’t know which really. She really is a goddess of love and beauty and a matron god of prostitutes. However, the story about her I have made up myself. I have no idea if it’s true the “official” version of Sune. 

This story contains sex and sex really. If this offends you or is illegal were you live stop reading. Or continue reading just don’t give me any trouble about it.

Feedback is always appreciated.

.Scyta

I walked through the twisting alleys of the town were I had arrived earlier tonight. 

I was on my way back from the blacksmith were I had placed my steed. 

It was very fortunate that I reached this town since my horse had started limping only a few hours before nightfall.

With my steed taken cared of I was heading to the town’s only inn.

Town and town, it was really more a large farming village.

The darkness had fallen and the majority of the town’s inhabitants had gone to bed with it.

The streets were dark and deserted. Only a few brassieres scattered around the few intersections lighted the way.

Suddenly a drunken beggar staggered out from the shadows and blocked my path.

His clothes were filthy and threadbare. His hair and beard thick and tangled and had probably not been washed for years. What skin I could see was covered in a several layers of grime. 

He smelled strongly from liquor, which were fortunate since beneath the liquor smell he just smelled, period.

“You a paladin of, watcha name, Sune?” He blurted out.

“Yes, I am, sir,” I answered politely according to the code.

Now before I continue let me introduce myself.

My name is Tania Reynn and I’m like I said a Paladin of Sune.

Sune is the pantheon’s goddess of love and pleasure.

The priestesses in her temples provide guidance in questions concerning love and they bless marriages to keep them forever full of love.

They also provide pleasure for anyone who desires so after they made a sacrifice in the temple.

This has led to that Sune also is the matron of the ladies of the night.

As a paladin of Sune I worship her in her aspect as the liberator and warrior.

When Vur the patriarch the pantheon and the other male gods imprisoned the female goddesses and made them their slaves, they overlooked to imprison Sune since she already gave them what they wanted, pleasure.

When Sune heard about the atrocities the male gods performed on the female gods she became filled with fury.

She borrowed her sister Dusk’s, goddess of war and hunting, armor and spear. 

Armed and armored Sune fought for and freed her sister goddesses.

She then in her wrath sought out Vur to take revenge. The two fought for a long time but Sune eventually lost. 

Vur threw her down on the ground, tearing off her armor he then proceeded to rape her.

As she was speared on Vur’s member Sune realized that the reason she had lost was because when trying to take revenge she had lost her righteous cause and that Vur was in his right to take her since it would grant him pleasure.

Love and pleasure was what her body had been created for after all. When her duty wasn’t to fight for what’s right, it was to grant pleasure.

To symbolize and honor that insight, the paladins of Sune‘s sanctified plate armor have a feature that have made us famous or infamous depending on your view.

“Is it true that you people walk around with your cunt on display?” the drunk asked bluntly.

“Yes it is, sir,” I answered truth fully, even though I winched at his choice of word.

“Well can I see?” He more demanded than asked.

“Of course, sir.” I said and removed the sash I had tied around my waist so it covered the front of my waist and legs. 

The drunk beggar’s eyes almost popped out of his head when the sash was pulled away.

Were on a normal full plate armor there would have been a reinforced codpiece there were nothing.

Framed by steel, my naked crotch made a triangle of flesh. My pussy with its trimmed blonde hair was proudly displayed.

I wasn’t the least embarrassed by removing the sash and the drunk’s unhidden staring at my most private body part didn’t bother me.

My pussy is what defines me as a being and represent my faith to Sune. 

I would proudly walk around displaying it for the whole world to see and I do except when I come to a city or a town. Then I wear the sash around my waist for modesty.

Other peoples modesty that is, because I know that my bare sex could offence among people who isn’t devoted followers of Sune.

However, I happily will show it for anyone that asks

The reason is our armor reveals our groin is two fold.

The first is by displaying our pussies paladins of Sune declares for the world that we are servants and followers to Sune, better than any heraldic motive on a tabard or shield could ever do.

The second reason is a practical one.

In following the story of Sune the warriorness and her eventually defeat in the hands of Vur, we paladins of Sune have pledged an oath that if we are ever defeated in combat we will let our subjugator ravish us, just like Sune was ravished by Vur.

Walking around with the groin removed from our armor both give our opponents a promise what they will get if they win and if they should actually win we don’t have to struggle out of a suite of armor for them to fuck us.

Of course, the first reason is the official one. The second is told in the novices dormitories in our order’s barracks. 

Now malicious slanderers say that the fate of a Paladin of Sune is to be raped.

My answer to that is that they are completely right.

Eventually every paladin of Sune will lose a fight and if we live through it, our bodies will be ravished for the pleasure of the victor.

Personally, I can’t wait.

Then I will finally serve Sune in her true aspect as goddess of love and pleasure.

I was pulled back from my thoughts and flinched when the beggar gingerly reached out and touched my mound.

I wasn’t happy about having his dirty fingers pawing me between my legs but I didn’t pull back. Instead, I spread my legs a little for better access.

If the drunk derived some sort of pleasure from fingering me it was my duty to Sune to provide it.

His fingers brushed through the neat blonde bush on my mound and continued over my nether lips. He spread them, letting the tips of his fingers rub up and down my sensitive inner folds.

I stifled a groan but could not keep from flinching again when his dirty fingernails scratched me painfully. 

His index and middle fingers played over my hole before he roughly pushed them up my tunnel.

This time I failed to hold back a cry of pain when he forced his fingers up my dry passage.

It was obvious that he had some knowledge of female anatomy since after he had manage to bury the fingers to his knuckles, he mashed my love bud with his thumb, grinding it painfully.

I bit myself in the lip to keep from crying out again but he probably was certain he was giving me pleasure.

I willed my pussy to become wet or rather I wished it. Thankfully, my body soon responded to his finger fucking and my juices started to flow. Providing some desperately needed lubrication and relieving some of the pain.

“You like that?” the drunk asked me.

“If it pleases you,” I answered surprised over how calm my voice was.

The drunk’s eyes were riveted on my pussy and his hand that was playing with it.

Myself I was trying not to look at either my own groin or the beggars face but a sharp pain when he accidentally jabbed his nails in to the walls of my tunnel made me look down.

I noticed how he was inconspicuously trying to rub his crotch with his free hand without me noticing.

“Sir, in the name of Sune, if you want to pleasure yourself, go right ahead and take it out and do so,” I told him.

The drunk look up at me in surprise for a moment. Then he broke out in a wide grin revealing black rotten teeth.

With his free hand he quickly yanked lose the rope he were using as a belt, letting his trousers fall down around his ankles. 

He grabbed his hard cock in his fist and begun rubbing it up and down in rhythm with the finger fucking he was giving me.

He continued with this for less than a minute before asking the question I had been waiting for.

“Well, me’darling, how about a fuck?”

“I’m sorry, sir but I have given a holy oath that only those who defeats me in a trail of arms may use my body for their pleasure.” I explain. I’m ashamed to admit that I actually thanked Sune for not having to sleep with him.

“Oh,” he said disappointed but I didn’t even manage to count to ten before the follow up question I was expecting came.

“Then how about a suck?” He asked.

“I’m sorry, sir but the oath apply for all my orifices.”

“Oh,” this time it had more disappointment in it than before.

He continued to masturbate while fingering me for a couple of minutes.

Even though I wasn’t allowed to sleep with him, this was probably the most intimate contact with a woman the drunk had had for years. I was very happy to be providing it.

He suddenly spoke.

“Since I’m taking care of your cunt with my fingers, wouldn’t you be so kind to use your fingers to take care of me?”

Unintentionally the drunk had found the loophole in my oath. While my orifices was reserved for those who defeated me, I was free to give pleasure with my hands.

I wasn’t happy about having to jerk this drunk off but then I wasn’t happy about this whole situation.

I took comfort in the knowledge that I would be doing the sacred work of Sune by masturbating him.

“Of course I will sir,” I answered him. I reached down with my hands and grasped his hard, yet smooth cock.

I began stroking his shaft up and down rhythmically while with the other I played gently with his balls.

After just few minutes the drunk moaned and I felt the first hot spurt of his sperm hit my hand.

Quickly, almost by instinct I aimed his cock at my pussy so the following jets hit my mound, covering it with white warm jism.

Sune’s sacred text states that a man’s cum has to end up in one of the female’s orifices or on her breasts.

Both my breasts and my butt was incased in metal and there were no way in hell I was going to drop to my knees and take the spurts on my face and in my mouth.

Not that I dislike when a man cums on my face or in my mouth.

I still remember with fondness those times when I was still a novice and Sune yet had to chose me as her paladin, when I were helping out in the temple. 

As a nearly appointed novice, not even an oiled neophyte, I had only been allowed to serve those that came in for a quick blessing and after a small donation was granted the simplest of pleasures.

Naked in all my glory I had stood besides the high bunk where the worshipers lay. With my hands I had massaged them, first to readiness then to completion.

I remember how the little bell they rang when they neared their peak sounded. When I heard it, I had to bend over them with my face over their waist, holding their glands aim just centimeters from my open mouth and receive their eruption.

Every time it had happen I had prayed to Sune, thanking her for giving me the fortune of being the one who the man beneath me was honoring with his seed.

Even though it wasn’t allowed my quick and nimble tongue often cleaned their shaft after the service and more than once it had been my hot mouth that brought them to their peak.

Of course, in the temple I had washed the worshipers’ crotches carefully with rose water before the service.

The beggars crotch had probably not seen water for several years and the thought of holding my face and especially my nose less than a couple a feet’s from it made me shiver.

The feeling of his hot heavy streams hitting my pussy made me shiver from pleasure instead of disgust. 

I prayed shortly to Sune taking her for granting her two subjects pleasure.

Then when he was over his peak and finished his eruption, I quickly cleaned him with my sash and sent him on the way.

Next, I wiped his seed of my pussy with the sash before once again draping it modestly around my waist.

I managed to get back to the inn, outside which I had talked to the owner booking a room just after I got into town, without any more incidents.

Opening the door and stepping in I entered a large common room that was almost indistinctively from hundreds of taverns around the lands. A huge fireplace in one wall, a number of tables, chairs and benches scattered around the room and a big bar along the wall opposite of the fireplace.

Only five or six hard drinking locals were still in the tavern. 

As I said, the town was more like a farming village and most followed the daily pace set by the sun.

Everyone turned towards the door when they heard it open and saw me walk in.

The moment they spotted me, I knew that the same thing that always happens would happen here too.

First came the question that determines my identity.

“You the paladin of Sune, Olav has told us about?” One of the anonymous guests implored.

“Yes,” I replied as I always do.

Next came the demand.

“Let us see you cunt then,” some other anonymous guest told me.

Then finally came the show.

I moved the sash out of the way, widening my stance so that I gave the room the best possible view of my groin.

The whole room became silent. The only sounds that could be heard were the homely burning of the fire.

Every single soul in the room was staring between my legs. Consuming the sight of my pussy, all swollen and puffy from the rough treatment it had just received.

After a minute or so, the inn keeper cleared his throat.

“That will be enough of that, miss. Your room is ready. If you walk up the stairs it’s at the end of the corridor.” He said and I followed his request letting the sash fall back covering me. “You go up there and get settled and I’ll come up with your dinner. After you eaten I can bring up hot water for washing, if it’s to your satisfaction.”

“Yes, thank you, very much so.” I answered politely and walked up to my room.

When he brought me my food, he told me that he would come up with the bath water as soon as the last guest left.

No more than half an hour later he came back with two buckets full of steaming water. 

He poured them in a small tub he lifted down from a pin on the wall.

He made two more trips before the tub was full.

After he finished emptying the last bucket I paused from tidying away my belongings and turned towards him. 

“If you want you may stay and watch me bath and pleasure myself. Afterwards I’d happy to take care of your hardness with my hands and let you finish in my mouth,” I offered before finishing what I was doing.

It’s an offer I make to inn keepers most of the time I stay at an inn.

It honors Sune but I have also noticed that I doesn’t have to part with so much of my gold the next morning. 

The innkeeper just stood there silently slowly watching me while he considered my offer.

There was quite a lot of me to watch.

I had already started undressing. The only thing I still had on me was a thin tunic that ended just above my waist.

The material in the tunic was so sheer that you could easily see my small firm breast with their hard pointy nipples. 

My whole body was well toned from my training and fighting. The only thing that I never manage to firm up was my cute butt. No matter how much exercise I got, it always retained its soft full feminine curves.

I made sure to give him a show, moving around the room so he could see me from all angles.

I even made a point of bending forward in front of him so could see my buttocks spread, revealing my small, brown puckered hole and my moist pussy beneath it.

After a couple of minutes I turned towards him again.

His eyes were riveted on my body. Droplets of sweat banded together on his forehead and I could see his hardness straining his britches.

“So will you stay?” I asked.

The innkeeper let out a deep sigh before he answered.

“No I better not. My Griselda, my wife is expecting me and she takes care of all my needs”

“Are you sure?” I said and lifted my tunic over my head giving him a nice view of my full naked breasts.

I was now so wet myself that if he changed his mind and told me to fuck him, I would have jumped him, ripped his clothes off and raped him on the spot, regardless of my sacred vows.

He let out another deep sigh.

“Yes, I’m quite sure. I bid you good night, my lady.” He told me and left the room.

After he left I prayed to Sune for her to bless the innkeeper and his wife with many moments of shared pleasure and to keep their obviously strong love for each other burning until the end of their lives.

I slipped down in the tub. The water was almost scolding hot and my whole body felt flushed by the heat.

Now it was my turn to let out a deep sigh. I just sat there for a moment letting the warm water relax my weary muscles and pulling the fatigue out from my limbs.

Slowly I begun massaging my neck, then my arms with my hands. I moved over to my breast, caressing them and playing with my stiff nipples. Then I rubbed my way down my stomach and onto my legs.

I kneaded my way along my thighs from my knees towards my crotch. When I reached it I sent another prayer up to Sune before plunging my fingers up my hungry pussy.

I almost came right then and there and I know that it would had been only the first of many orgasms I would honored Sune with that night.

Like the rest of the town, I got out of bed at the break of the day.

After a quick breakfast, I gathered up my things and headed for the blacksmith to see if he had figured out why my horse had become lame the previous day.

He sure had.

When I arrived, he was busy nailing a new shoe on the lame leg on my steed.

The problem had been that the old shoe had become lose and a sharp pebble had got stuck underneath it, hurting the horse. By removing the shoe and the offending pebble, the steed was once again fit and ready for anything.

After paying the blacksmith and buying some supplies, I left the town with in an hour after getting out of bed.

The first thing I did after passing through the town gates was removing the sash around my waist.

I don’t want to cause offence but when I don’t have to worry about it, I want the world to see who I am.

I followed the imperial high way for a couple of hours until I came to fork in the road.

A small neglected road branched off the highway. 

As a paladin of Sune, I have sworn to protect the weak and defenseless. The highway runs between fortified, prosperous towns and cities, and it patrolled by cavalry to keep robbers and raiders away. So I know that along the highway I would not find the kind of people it was my duty to help.

Therefore, I took the neglected road out into nowhere.

After that I let my horse chose the way whenever the road we were on branched off. I had faith that Sune would guide me to where I was needed without me interfering. 

Around noon, the road I was riding along was nothing more than a small forgotten trail, going through a sparse bush forest. 

My stomach was growling and I was looking for a spot to stop and have lunch when I saw smoke rising not far ahead.

“Looks like someone else is having lunch,” I told my horse, “think they let us join them?”

The smoke cheered me up. I wouldn’t have bothered with a fire myself and eaten my lunch cold. This meant I would get a warm meal and after being on the road as much as I have, you learn to appreciate warm food.

I spurred my steed into a faster pace toward the smoke.

A couple of minutes later I rode into a small clearing the trail passed through.

The smoke came from a campfire of to one side of the clearing underneath a huge oak tree.
