 This story contains depictions of characters growing larger, becoming more masculine, and having sex.

If that is not your cup of tea, turn back now.

*****

For Lady Mara of the Silver Coin, adventuring in the name of her deity was not about excising monsters from forgotten keeps, or fighting for just causes, but was instead all about acquiring wealth for her church and herself. Clad in the finest armor money could buy, armed with the most powerful weapons she could attach enchantments to, the female paladin was one of the greatest warriors in the realm and she commanded a high price for her services. 

Many nobles had halved their coffers to have the half-elf serve as a member of their honor guard. As such, she was known in every court of the realm. Not only for her battle prowess, but also her breathtaking beauty. Her silver hair, a symbol of the deity's benediction, was the envy of ladies in every court. She had been blessed by her mother's lineage with all the fine features and grace of the Eastern Wood Elves, but she was also built like her father of the northern tribes. Many a cocky knight had found himself thrown, armor and all, for insulting her honor.

Despite her celebrity, it as not unusual for the paladin's parties to include those who might be less savory than the normal adventurers. Those outside the law had lots to loose for equally big gains and they were just as willing to pay her toll.

This time however, she was working for free. She had teamed with up a pair of goblin rogues from the Upper Rim after they came to her with a request she could not afford to pass up. They swore they had stumbled upon ruins that were the lost Elven city of Gelanthas while fleeing after a raid of the Dwarven mining city of Karadun. The pair were the only survivors of their party after huddling in the remnants of what they claimed was an Elven vault. They had brought coins bearing the sun sigil of the High Elves that once lived in the Swallowed City.

It had taken weeks to get to the cave they said led to the ruins, but she was eager to explore.

"You are positive this leads to where you found the coins?"

"Yes, pretty lady," the one called Uji said.

"Very sure," the one called Lju added.

They led on through the gloom with their uncanny eyes. She could see them, as she could all creatures considered evil, but her Elven heritage had not provided her with their own magical vision. She drew her enchanted dagger to use the flames to light her path and the found herself awestruck. There in the dark were the crystal walls of her ancestral home, their structure capturing the fire light and refracting it between towers. Only a few seconds passed before the whole cavern was lit with the ghostly blue flame of her blade.

"Pretty lady make ruins beautiful!"

"Pretty lady is so awesome!"

Mara found herself blushing at the goblin's earnest praise. Most everyone else only gave her accolades in hopes of getting a discount, but there was something about the two diminutive thieves that stirred something within her. "Lead on, you two, we have a treasure to find..."

The trio picked through the tumbled buildings and roadways. Most of the city was settled into a bowl-like crater, with the walls encircling the highest point. She tried to recall maps of the lost city, but even the landmarks she remembered proved useless as so much had been moved by the cataclysm that had made the city vanish below the earth. Finally, the little goblins led her to their hiding spot. She had to lift a huge slab of petrified tree the pair of thieves had simply slipped under but it was worth it. As she entered the room, the light of her blade shimmered on a dragon's horde of silver coins.

Whispering a prayer of thanks to Sivmera, she swept her makeshift torch around to see if anything more substantial remained. Which is when she saw the doors at the end on the hall. Stretching from floor to ceiling, the sun sigil was embossed on the dust covered surface.

"It wouldn't open," Uji said as they came to stand before it.

Lju nodded. "The door needs elf blood to open."

In the time it took the statement to register, the goblins were already on her. They tore at the straps of her armor, peeling her out of her burnished plates. Her chest plate and gauntlets clanged to the flagstones. Flailing to get away, she nicked both herself and Uji with the dagger before Lju knocked it out of her hand. The flaming blade sailed through the air to stick miraculously in the crack of the door. A loud boom made all three of them stop fighting.

There was a cascade of clicks as the sun sigil began to glow blue as well. Then the sound of grinding gears as the vast metal slabs began to swing open. Mara took the opportunity to grab her companions by their throats and hold them at arms length.

"We're sorry!"

"We just didn't know what else to do!"

"The runes in the books were old..."

"We weren't trying to kill you, honest!"

"We love the pretty lady."

"The pretty lady is our friend!"

"Alright! Enough! This horde is more than enough to buy my forgiveness, but do not ever cross me again or you will burn. Got it?"

The pair of Goblins nodded and she dropped them. She stooped to grab her dagger and then walked into the vault. Shelves filled with items stretched as far as the eye could see. Whispering the words to detect magic, she found that most of them however were mundane. There was one thing nearby that the goblin ladies grabbed before she could say anything to stop them.

There was a flash and a chime, their auras began to change, and the pair cried out. Mara reached out to grab the artifact and then found herself floating after her hand gripped glass. The chime swelled to a constant hum. The goblins were each floating across from her and they were changing! Most noticeably, they were getting taller. Both of them quickly doubled their height, becoming at least five feet tall, if not more. 

Now they looked emaciated, more like skeletons than goblins. The hum changed, a second note joining the first. Their bone-thin bodies began to gain mass. From their toes and fingertips, muscles swelled into being. Calves, thighs, biceps, and more grew to sculpt their bodies into those of fighters. Then, as slight curves caught up to their new stature, Mara realized they were each changing to match her own bottom heavy appearance. Their skin lightened from deep green to something brighter as their measurements inched closer to her own. The chime faded. They settled to the floor. They looked at each other with curiosity.

"Let's go again!"

"Find something else!"

"No, don't-" she started to say. However, the goblins were already moving. Granted, it was not very fast as they stumbled with their new legs, but their new size also meant she could not pick them up to keep them from grabbing something.

After Lju fell on her butt, she rushed after Uji and tackled the overgrown goblin. They scuffled on the floor of the vault until Mara managed to pin her opponent's wrists. Straddling the squirming goblin, the paladin realized just how much her companion had changed to look like her. Something about that pulled at her self-admitted narcissism. Her gaze lingered on the nice bust line she was used to seeing in the mirror, her knees gripped hips she was used to squeezing into tights. She bit her lip as she focused on keeping Uji under her and found herself fixated on the goblin's own, matching lips.

She had completely forgotten about the other goblin until Lju jumped on her. Tilting to the side, they crashed into the shelves. Above, something rolled off into space before plummeting to the floor near them. As the artifact shattered, it sprayed them all with something glittery.

Both of the goblin's yelped as Mara felt a pressure in her pelvis. Something stirred against her crotch both within her pants and from below as well. A hard object began to push into her back. Lju tumbled backwards and Mara glanced over her shoulder only to gasp at what she saw. The goblin's tight canvas pants outlined the biggest, thickest penis the paladin had ever seen. A throb next to her thigh and a feeling of flesh sliding over flesh said she too had a growing member.

While Mara had never been with a lord, she quite enjoyed the touch of another woman. There had been tools before, implements of penetration, but this was something else! She had a real, flesh and blood member. One with sensation and heat. Wrapped up in the stimulation, Mara began to grind on Uji's own burgeoning cock. The subdued goblin bit her lip appreciatively and began to moan. From behind them Lju screamed as she realized what had happened.

"Pretty lady, am I man now?" She asked as she dropped her pants and started to pull at her cock. Her wrinkled foreskin pulled back with each stroke, showing off a shiny dark green head. The paladin licked her lips and was unable to pulled her gaze away.

"I am not, mmm, I am not sure," Mara said around her own rising moans. "Whatever happened, it affected all of us and—ah!"

Lju grinned as smacked Mara in the face with her cock. "Pretty lady likes Lju's man-parts. Lju likes pretty lady. Man parts make Lju feel good. Won't pretty lady help Lju feel good?"

Her grip on Uji forgotten, Mara lifted her hands to the pulsing green cock at her lips. She marveled that she could grab the length with both hands. Sliding her hands down to pull the skin back, she kissed Lju's head. After that, she took stock of how the goblin had changed. So far as the paladin could tell, she only had a shaft growing out of the front of her pelvis and there was still a dark green slit below that. Shifting one hand into the goblin's entrance, she started to lick as her fingers began to cycle.

Meanwhile, Uji took advantage of her release to rip Mara's jerkin. Pulling the armor padding apart, she then tore at the binding that kept the paladin's bust in place. As the half-elf's modest endowments sprang free, they seemed to grow more than just recover and soon they hung low enough for Uji to sit up and suck on hanging nipples.

Driven wild by the twin stimulation, Mara began to suck on Lju, sinking more and more of the goblin's thick cock between her lips. She could swear the was more girth than there had been a moment ago and as she felt her jaw slowly widening, she knew that was the case. Something about that thrilled her. There were not many women stronger or more masculine than her. Now, she had two willing companions.

"Can both of you stop a moment?"

Surprisingly, the goblins did just that.

"I am really enjoying what is happening here, so I am going to-"

"Keep sucking on Lju?"

"Let Uji have a turn?"

"More than that. I am going to let you both fuck me."

Uji put her hands over her mouth. "Pretty lady swore!"

"Well, yes, I am a knight...coarse language is sometimes necessary. Anyway, Let me get the pants and greaves off..."

The trio stripped down, exposing themselves. Mara hefted her new endowments, a more lady-like build had always been an idle fantasy, but now that she had them, she was not all that enthused. They were heavy and cumbersome and were pulling her off balance. 

While she was thinking, Uji took the initiative and pressed her face between the paladin's cheeks. Her tongue snaked into her hole, causing a shudder that made Mara slump against the shelves. She dropped to her knees. Uji grabbed her ass to spread it open. The goblin stuck her tongue in further, teasing her. Lju knelt and shook her girthy member. Mara eagerly swallowed it.

Even as she worked her boobs while Mara sucked on her, Lju's curiosity had her looking at other objects on the shelves. Some silver somethings caught her attention. She let go of herself to grab and pull them down, making sure not to drop other things on the threesome. The three silver objects were oblong shaped with one end flared wider than the other.

"Pretty lady, I found something pretty."

Mara sat back to look at the item, pushing Uji to the ground in the process. The other goblin did not seem to mind, as she simply rolled over and turned her attention to Mara's twitching pussy.

"Well, um, I am unsure what these are..."

"Lju thinks they're things for fun!"

"I..what?"

The goblin grabbed one and squatted. With both hands, she shoved the artifact into her pussy. At once, her cock surged larger as veins popped up from the sudden rush of blood. She stood back up and made a couple experimental movements. Then nodded to herself. 

"Yup! That feels great! Uji! Hey!"

The other goblin slid out from under Mara, her face shimmering with glit. "What this?"

"Sex toy! Make you huge!" Lju said tapping her massive erection.

"Use on pretty lady as well?"

"Yeah!"

"Wait, I am not so sure about-" but Uji had already snatched both from Lju. She inserted hers first, swelling her cock to a size that matched Lju. Then the pair of them tackled Mara.

"Pretty lady! Be big like us?"

The rounded tip pushed against her butt instead of her pussy. She squirmed and it slipped easily into her slick snatch. For the third time that day all three women were hit with shared sensations. Mara felt herself changing, her bust and hips slowly shrinking as she got taller. At the same time, she watched as the goblins both grew more voluptuous. 

There was a tingle between her legs as the awareness of the toy inside began to increase. Deep inside, she felt her body begin to heat up. At the same time, she watched the goblins each grow a pair of massive, veiny balls. She had a feeling she knew what the sensation had been.

"Pretty lady look like elf boy now."

"Still really pretty though!"

"We going to fuck now?"

Mara nodded and grabbed hold of Uji. Lju moved behind her and gripped her hips. Both goblins penetrated her at the same time. After that, they alternated their thrusts. It was only a moment before Mara clenched around Lju and screamed around Uji. The goblins did not stop. If anything, they sped up. Mara's world became stimulation and moaning as she lost herself to the heightened sensitivity of her body.

Lju orgasmed first, pumping her full of spunk with several huge throbs and making her tummy bulge a little. She stepped back, still coming and coated Mara with thick ropes. Uji groaned and pulled the half-elf against her, shoving her length down her throat. More goblin spunk flooded the paladin's body, distending her stomach even further. The goblins swapped ends and began again, leaving Mara to float away in a happy haze of endless sex. She knew that she would carry their children, bu just unsure what that would mean.

-- 

Eight months had passed since then. The vast ruins had been excavated. The effort had brought peace to the Upper Rim as the races of Dwarf, Goblin, and Elf united to recover the lost city. Whatever magic they had encountered in that vault had changed Uji and Lju. In the months following, the duo showed signs of being great geniuses. They designed great machines to help with the digging and pioneered a means to preserve the ancient documents.

Mara, too, had been changed. Something about the bond the artifacts had created was causing her to grow more and more powerful each day. Though the goblins had grown to the size of an average person, she once more towered over them. Even as her pregnancy advanced, her body had become stronger and more masculine, in an Elven kind of way. Though she did not have balls, she did not seem any less virile than the goblins. As her body had built so had her cock, growing to a size that outstripped many knights. She was still highly desirable at court, as she bed Lady after eager Lady and filled them with her seed. Soon she would be back on her horse and then, she would be unstoppable.