 Sorry the wrong version was uploaded and this is the correct version. I hope you enjoy the story.

OuPa99

Chapter 12

Ix Chel could feel Elsa's anxiety, but there was reason for her concern. Ix Chel had always been a passionate deity and her times in human form were times she treasured. If the truth be known, she loved the passion, excitement and the raw physicality of humans making love. For the first time in centuries she found an accomplished lover who was in love with the person she possessed. The passion between these two lovers had been off the chart epic and she wasn't ready to give it up

Her walk back to the village was not her usual graceful glide. Her body and especially her legs were still trembling from the bliss she had just experienced. In addition, her mind was distracted trying to find some way to stay in this body. Several times she stumbled and many times thorns and branches snagged her skin.

When she arrived at the village she went straight to her hut. Elsa and her body were completely exhausted and shut down immediately. While Elsa and her body slept Ix Chel retreated to a dark corner of Elsa's mind to try and think about what just happened. The love and wanton desire between Elsa and Ken was something she had missed for centuries. She had made a promise to Elsa, but she didn't want to give up this incendiary kind of passion.

Unfortunately the moon controlled her power and with the arrival of the new moon her time would be at an end. Ix Chel began to search her memory to see if there was any way to make this transference permanent. She loved the gorgeous athleticism of Elsa's body and with this body she knew she could have anyone she wanted.

Then there was Ken. He was so ruggedly handsome that it made her mouth water with eagerness. She remembered the way he looked at Elsa just that gaze made her tremble with anticipation. However, none of that compared to the way he made love to the woman he adored. Their love and passion was off the charts. Even the secondary role she had taken last night had been more powerful than any drug. She had been pursued, loved, fucked and dominated by a mortal male the likes of which she had never known.

While Elsa slept, Ix Chel tried to find a way to stay in this body. There was a way, but she would have to give up all of her powers and her immortality to do it. In addition, Elsa would be permanently erased from her body. Of course, Ix Chel didn't have any problem with that. If she decided to take that step and lose her immortality and powers, killing Elsa's essence was only a minor inconvenience.

Ix Chel spent the rest of this day in a quandary. Should she keep her promise to Elsa while keeping her powers and immortality, or give in to the incendiary passion that she so desperately craved? Just the thought of the way Professor Connors conquered her last night made her shiver. He blasted her to blissful heaven leaving her quivering and barely able to walk. She frantically wanted more of this rapture and it seemed like that was all she could think about.

******

All Professor Connors could think about was Elsa. While Ix Chel was supposedly a benevolent deity, he still didn't trust her. If he wanted Elsa back he knew he had to take her and somehow remove the goddess from her body.

All of his research showed that two people with a strong bond might be able to do it. In the research they called it a cord. The cord could be achieved with just a strong sexual component, but if love was involved in the cord could be exponentially strengthened.

Based on his research, sex provided the physical connection. Of course this all had to be done on top of the altar, because the altar was the transference device. The love that he had for Elsa would feed his strength into her and allow her to use their combined power to push out the goddess. At this point it was still all theory, but since the sexual component allowed the transference in the first place, he thought this had a chance of working.

He knew he needed his strength and after his research he tried to get some sleep. There was really no chance in that. His heart was aching for Elsa and his mind was trying to work through all of the preparation to get her back.

Everything that he had read about Ix Chel showed that she was strongest in the evening with the moon high overhead. Professor Connors surmised that she would be the weakest when the sun was high overhead. Therefore he had a planned to kidnap her from her hut at high noon and keep her in the bright sun as long as possible.

Through the opening in his tent he saw the sky began to lighten as the morning sun came up. He began to hear everyone stirring around outside as they woke up. The smell of coffee lured him outside. He knew he couldn't sleep so he might as well fortify himself.

As he joined the crowd around the cooking fire everyone looked at him with a sly grin. Several of the young archaeologists asked him about Elsa and where she was. Professor Connors told him that she had found something and was doing some independent research. He hoped she would be back tomorrow after her research was done.

After Professor Connors had finished his little white lie he noticed several of the older members of the team snickering. After he got a cup of coffee Professor Connors walked over to the lead and asked, "Why is everyone giving me that shit eating grin?"

The lead Pathfinder grinned and said, "Boss, you and Elsa woke up most of the camp last night with her screams of passion. Her cries and screams went on for well over an hour and I know that woman had never been loved like that before!"

The Pathfinder broke into a Cheshire grin and slapped Professor Connors on his back. "Yeah boss, that was an incredible performance last night. All of us would've liked to have seen that hot little number squirming in passion. Way to go boss!"

Professor Connors mouth fell open as he blushed furiously. He had totally forgotten about the entire camp last night and now everyone knew he and Elsa were together. Without saying a word he turned away and after two strides he began to grin to himself. Yes, last night was incredible, but if he had his way every night would be like that. It's just as well they heard everything last night, because if his plan goes well tonight he will be making love to her all over again.

He spent two hours going over yesterday's progress on mapping the pyramid and handing out assignments for today. He told them once again they were on their own while he had to go check on Elsa and her projects progress. Once again he saw several people give him a sly grin as he mentioned Elsa's project. The lead Pathfinder even gave him a thumb up along with his grin. Professor Connors was going to have to get use to everyone knowing about him and Elsa, because he was never going to give her up.

After a very quick yet starchy breakfast the professor and the entire crew went back to the pyramid. While everyone else was working on their assignments he went to open up the sacrificial chamber and make ready for his attempt to save Elsa. Opening up the pyramid was slow methodical work, but things went faster once the outside had been breached.

After he got inside sacrificial chamber he rigged a lock so the door cannot be opened while they were inside. He knew the villagers had called Ix Chel and he didn't want them interrupting his attempt to rid Elsa of that deity. He finished by lighting many of the candles and also some of the incense that he found in the chamber.

When he was finally ready he gathered up some rope, cloths and chloroform. Once he had everything in his pack he started towards the village. He said a small prayer as he walked to her village hoping that everything would go well and that Elsa would be back to him this evening.



Chapter 13

Professor Connors stood over Elsa's body. She lay on her sleeping cot completely nude. When he thought about it made sense that she would sleep nude during the heat off the day. Still, it was an incredibly arousing site and for a few moments he gazed at her spectacular form.

The heat left her skin covered in a light sheen of perspiration. As her breasts slowly rose and fell with her breathing the water droplets sparkled like rhinestones in the sun. Despite her spectacularly nude form, it was her innocent, serene face that drew him to her. At this moment she didn't look like the deity that she had before. Instead she looked like the soft, vulnerable and loving woman that Elsa was.

He wanted to hold and cuddle with her, but he knew if he woke her up the goddess would arise. Quietly set down his backpack and took out a cloth and chloroform. Somehow he felt guilty about what he was getting ready to do. He knew this was for Elsa's good, but doing this to someone you love just felt wrong. He hardened his resolve and doused the rag in chloroform. He gently laid the soaked rag over her nose and mouth. Watched as her brow wrinkled from the pungent smell, but for only a second and then her face went slack as she succumb to the chloroform.

He had brought rope to tie her up for the trip back to the pyramid, but that seemed even worse than the chloroform. Professor Connors gathered up her goddess clothes and stuffed everything in his backpack. He slipped on his backpack keeping the chloroform handy in case she woke up. He scooped her up in his arms cradling her gently against his chest as he slipped through the hole in the back of the hut that he had created.

The trip back through the forest was long and hot. He had a hard time walking because he kept staring at this gorgeous creature in his arms. He realized that he had been in love with Elsa for a long time, but refused to give in to their love because of the student teacher taboo. There were several times he almost tripped over roots because he was staring at her beautiful face and sinfully delicious body.

It had taken almost losing her for him to come to his senses. He sincerely hoped that his plan would work, because it was a chance he could still lose her. After about 10 minutes Elsa began to awake and he had to put the chloroform cloth back over her face. He kept the cloth over her face for the remaining 20 minutes of the walk. Even as slight as she was, his arms began to ache as they got to the pyramid.

The hole in the side of the pyramid was not big enough for him to carry her inside. He gently reached through the hole and set Elsa lightly in the dirt inside the pyramid. He crawled through the hole after her and opened the door to the sacrificial chamber. He reverently picked Elsa back up and carried her up to the altar. Once he placed her on top of the altar he bound her hands and feet to the restraining loops on the altar.

Only when she was securely bound did he go back and close the door to the sacrificial chamber. He locked it using his improvised lock and went back to Elsa. He took the chloroform cloth off her face and for a moment just stared at this innocent woman who captured his heart. She looked stunning tied to the altar. With her hands tied over her head her ribs were pulled tight against her skin. Her full breasts seemed to sit up and beg for attention while her nipples were hard and puckered in anticipation.

Her sleek, sexy waist had been stretched thin when she had been bound to the altar. Only the moonstone ensconced in her navel drew attention to her stimulating tummy. Her hips almost seemed tilted up so that her womanly slot was in perfect position for making love. With her legs spread wide from the restraining loops, she was his for the taking. Almost on their own his hands caressed up over her legs to the juncture between her thighs. Her glistening womanly petals seemed to pucker and call to him, begging him to play. Gently he caressed her dewy lips with his finger finding her already wet and ready for him.

He realized what he was doing, quickly pulling his hands away from Elsa's inviting body. He took several steps backwards away from the altar, feeling his desire lessen with each step backwards. Never in his life had he experienced such a powerful sexual urge calling to him. Even several steps away he could feel the urge to ravish the gorgeous creature served up on the sacrificial altar. As he watched Elsa began to writhe and moan on the altar, it appeared that no one was immune from the altar's steamy and suggestive call.

Professor Connors suddenly remembered the siren's call in Greek mythology. However, unlike the sirens that lured men to their death, the altar only seemed to work when women were involved. This transference device could lure women willingly into its web of sexuality. He understood that once its sacrificial victim was strapped to the altar, sexual pheromones would be released and any man close by would be powerless to resist.

Professor Connors knew what his part in this sacrifice would be. He knew as he got close to Elsa he would lose control and make love to her until the altar had done its work. He knew there had to be a sexual component to free Elsa from the goddess's control, but he didn't know if he was doing the right thing or not. He had to save her, so he began stripping off his clothes until he was completely naked and slowly approached the altar.

As he approached the sexual urges built and began to consume him. He licked his lips in anticipation, while his hands moistened and flexed waiting to caress her soft skin. His cock began to slowly harden and his mind could only think of one thing ... watching Elsa explode in uncontrollable ecstasy.

Ken noticed Elsa's body was writhing in sexual torment. Her hips were rocking back and forth trying to find some stimulation. Meanwhile, her back arched and her arms pulled against their bindings begging him to play with her turgid nipples. It was then that he noticed the phallus had emerged from the center of the altar, but it was lodged between her ass cheeks.

Elsa squirmed on the altar, trying to find anything that would quench the fire inside her. It was a sight too erotic for Ken to ignore and his hands caressed the inside of her widespread thighs. As his hand reached the liquid furnace between her thighs, Elsa wailed with desperate need. His fingers stroked and caressed her clit while his mouth latched onto her pleading nipples. Her whole body arched towards him in a frantic prayer for more.

Elsa suddenly awoke with a wild hysterical craving. Her body was on fire with a passion she had only felt once before. She tried to move her arms or legs and realized that she was once again strapped to the sacrificial altar. However, this was different because she felt Ken's fingers strumming her clit and his gluttonous lips on her electrified nipples. She didn't know how she got here, but she desperately yearned for more.

His fingers slid past her pussy lips and began caressing her G-spot as well as her clit. She arched her hips higher to get more of this incendiary loving anguish. It was then that she felt the phallus pressing against her brown star. It seemed determined to breach her sphincter and for a moment she panicked. The phallus trying to enter her backside was dirty and depraved, but it also felt like it was part of the redemption. Ken's maddening strokes against her G-Spot and clit soon made her forget about everything except her rapidly approaching orgasm.

Ix Chel awoke and immediately realized that she was back on the sacrificial altar. She felt the phallus against her sphincter and knew that Ken had figured out how to purge her from Elsa's body. She wasn't ready and screamed, "No ... No ... You can't do this I am the goddess Ix Chel. You can't push me out of this body! I'm not ready! I command you to let me go!"

Ken was already under the spell of the altar and never heard the goddess's commands. He wouldn't have responded anyway. He felt the tension in Elsa's body and knew she was rapidly approaching orgasm. Ken slid his middle two fingers into her womanly slot and rapidly thrust his fingers inside her. He swiftly pounded his fingers against her G-Spot, while his palm continuously smacked her clit. As he felt her hips rising to meet his thrusts, his lips continued their assault on her aching nipples.

Ix Chel struggled and pulled with her arms and legs, trying to get free. Unfortunately, no amount of squirming, tugging or pulling could free her from the ties that bound her to the altar. In addition, all of her twisting and struggling pushed the phallus hard against her anus. Ix Chel desperately tried to fight the scorching sexual passion building inside her borrowed body. Unfortunately, she knew it was a losing battle. The altar controls the transference and once started it can't be stopped ... not even by a goddess.

Elsa felt the frenzied carnal bliss rushing towards her and then suddenly it exploded inside her. She thrashed on the altar in heavenly ecstasy, with her hips and belly dancing on top of the altar. Her womanly juices dribbled onto the phallus below, lubricating the shaft between her ass cheeks. At the height of her climax Elsa felt the phallus breach her sphincter and slide inside her ass. The painful violation of her virginal ass was raw and yet exciting. It was carnal and lewd and at the same time agonizing and electrifying.

At that moment she felt Ken's lips leave her tortured nipples and kiss down her undulating tummy. His lips and tongue latched on to her clit while his fingers still stroked her G spot. Almost immediately the pain went away as her next cum began to build. She felt her hips heaving as Ken sucked her clit with his mouth and the phallus slid deeper into her bowels. She had never felt anything like this blissful anguish. Ken continued drinking the nectar from her womanly fountain as the phallus took her backside. For Elsa it was lewd and kinky, but at the same time hot, steamy and sensual.

Elsa willed her hips to tilt upwards and for the first time in several days her body responded to her request. She felt Ix Chel's control slipping and with a joyful euphoria she screamed, "Ken ... Take me and make me yours!!!"

Ix Chel felt her control of Elsa's body slipping away and tried to push Elsa's spirit back into her prison. The first orgasm and the phallus in Elsa's ass were the beginning of her exit. She fought against the altar and Elsa, but she knew it was fruitless. She felt herself get even weaker as Elsa's second orgasm ripped through her. She knew that Elsa felt the rapture from Ken's loving touches, and she was already losing touch with Elsa's body. Ix Chel wanted to feel the bliss currently coursing through Elsa, but she only felt some tremors.

Elsa hadn't realized just how removed from her body she had been. The orgasms Ken had given her before had been nothing short of earth shattering. However, every cum exploded inside her now was like nothing she had ever felt. She realized that Ix Chel had absorbed much of her bliss and now she was getting it full blast.

Elsa looked down and could see Ken's head between her thighs. She saw his lips pucker as he sucked her clit into his mouth and felt a wave of euphoria flash through her. She threw her head back and arched her hips into his talented mouth. As she fed him the nectar from her dewy bowl she felt the phallus sliding in and out of her bowels. Then like a runaway train her third orgasm blasted through her.

As she trembled and writhed between his mouth and the phallus below, he climbed on top of the altar. His strong and virile cock poised to take her and drive the goddess out forever. He ran the head of his cock through her wet lips and began to enter her sweetness. Elsa felt like she was a virgin again. With the phallus firmly embedded in her ass, her pussy was already overextended and bursting. As he began to enter her she felt blissfully stretched and incredibly full.
