 Rosanda was in another fit of crying when she heard a new knock on the door. Her brow furrowed. Didn't the investigators leave? Was this related to the weird sound she had heard earlier? She thought it was a gunshot, but she was in a large castle. Not every sound in every area of the place was crystal clear to her. 

"Who's knocking?" She wiped her eyes and put her glasses back on. 

The voice was heavy and commanding. "Your king." 

Her face was so hot that she wouldn't have been surprised if steam shot out of her nose. 

How dare he try to get some pussy while she was practically grieving! 

Rosanda stomped over to the door and screamed at it, uncaring of the status of her target. "My brother was murdered! Fucking murdered, and whether it was by the current lord of the land or the former doesn't matter! Either way, he was murdered by someone that was supposed to protect him! I am not mentally stable enough to put my feet on your royal cock!" 

She panted as she waited for his response. 

"When I heard that you lost someone, I wanted to comfort you. I must apologize to you, though, if I led you to think that I wanted to take advantage of a grieving woman." 

Something similar to nausea, but not quite, boiled in her belly. His voice had felt so sincere to her. Rosanda wanted to believe that he honestly wanted to comfort her. 

"He was only five years old when he went missing." Her voice lacked the crossness from before. "For a child to suffer so needlessly, it's disgusting, and I don't know how I'm meant to go on with this knowledge." 

"Would you rather have never known?" 

The side of her head tilted up. She tried to analyze her feelings, but she couldn't find a good answer, other than a single, delicate statement. "I don't know." 

"It's fine to not know. It's impossible to know everything. Don't ever feel dishonest or foolish simply because you don't know something, especially when the question has a complex implications. Inventing an answer simply to keep yourself from saying you don't know, that would be the incorrect path." 

Rosanda stepped near a lit sconce on a wall. She looked down at a stubborn fleck of dry paint that seemed to have taken shelter under her index finger. As she nervously tried to dig it out, she said, "It seems that there is wisdom in the royal family." 

Kutberth I said with a sober tone, "It's fine that you don't know what to think. You've experienced a tragedy, and as long as you aren't harming anyone, you are free to react as you please. I won't demand that you open this door. I'm going to wish you well and leave you here." 

"Wait, please!" 

Shit. Why did she say that? Why the fuck did she say that? 

"What is it, Miss Lunai?" 

She put her fingers against her lips for around four seconds. Each one of those seconds seemed to wrap around her brain, deepening the mortification as she realized she wanted him to embrace her. 

"Your Majesty, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm an inconstant creature." There were a few gasps, and then she mentally scolded herself for not giving into her more innocent desires. If she didn't do something to appease her mind and body, she would fret over the unexplored possibilities in the future. "If you'd be so kind to this civilian, would you please ... would you please hold me for a moment?" 

"Certainly." 

And she went to the door. She pulled the simple latch keeping the door locked. She let the man in, and then she closed the door, putting the latch back into its place. 

Then he was on her, his hands swiping all around. Her body was almost as well kneaded as dough, especially her back. It was like magic there, melting her body into him. He smelled wonderful, silk and cologne, warmth and masculinity. The cane hanging from a button of his waistcoat pressed into her, and she didn't care. 

And even as her white skin flushed into a soft pink, even as her glasses fell off her head and bounced on the floor, even as her nipples tingled under her clothing, Kutberth I did nothing but hold and caress her, bending a little so he could put his lips to the top of her head. 

She couldn't see very well, but she was crying so much that it didn't matter. She was a person who needed touch and she was shivering from that need. She was shivering as the need was met. She was shivering from her near despair. The cold couldn't be blamed, though. The cold didn't trouble her at all. 

"It's over now." He actually tried to comfort her with words. "The boy isn't suffering anymore. There's only peace." 

It was generally believed that whenever a child died, their soul went on to the happiest afterlife available. There was no proof for this, but many people still believed it. 

Still, the thought of innocent little Toby, dancing around in a happy afterlife, his red hair glistening in the light of bliss, gave her a little bit of solace. 

She wondered if the tears of a commoner could stain the king's lavish red coat. There was a pretty combination of black and gold embroidery on it, but she couldn't really tell what shapes the stitches were set in. She wiped her eyes with her sleeve, and she tried to focus on them. He was pretty close. 

Ah, there they are! The pattern sort of resembled winter jasmine. The black parts were the stems and the gold parts were the flowers. 

A shy version of regret crept into her heart, and she stiffened in the king's arms. She turned her head and tried to find something else to look at, but the world was blurry whenever she wasn't looking at something close to her. 

"I need my glasses." 

"Do you?" 

Her face turned up to him. "What?" 

Kutberth I's mouth was on hers, sinking deep, his voice vibrating into her throat. 

"Hm!" Rosanda twisted in his arms, unsure if she felt betrayal or relief. The tip of his tongue slid and flicked against hers, sending buzzing pleasure through her body. She knew her pussy was flexing, wanting something thick deep inside. 

One of his hands tugged and tangled into the bun at her nape, and he loosened it, pulling on the smooth, white locks. Rosanda was bent against him, held in place. Her fingers made irritating scratching sounds against his coat. The king didn't seem to care about it. He seemed to be claiming her mouth and enjoying the process. 

The confounding, delicious moment went on for some time, and then he pulled back and murmured to her, "I couldn't help myself. You're such a treat." 

"But ... but!" 

But, didn't he say something about not wanting to take advantage of her? "I have an idea, Miss Lunai." He had a sinful smile, a demon's smile, and she secretly loved it. "If you're going to be miserable, then you should be miserable in luxury. Please, come with me. I'll open an apartment in Penthorn Palace, and you will be safely kept as a Royal Mistress." His fingers loosened in her hair, giving her more freedom. 

Her jaw lowered as she looked down at his coat again. An official Royal Mistress? 

Everyone who looked at her would immediately understand that her career was basically fucking the king. The difference between a mistress and a whore was the exclusivity. She didn't really think there was anything wrong with being a man's mistress or a whore, nothing wrong at all, but she really didn't want to walk down that path in the palace, specifically. It seemed dangerous to her, especially when one considered how petty and gossipy nobles and royals could be. The Royal Court wasn't a place she was accustomed to. She could easily be eaten alive. 

Nervously, she licked her lips, and then she said with a feeble tone, "I'm fond of my career, and I'd rather not experiment with another ... and," she made a point to sniff loudly, hoping to gain some sympathy points, "I want people to think of me as an artist, nothing more." 

Her hair was yanked again. Rosanda squealed, but she listened when he responded to her protest with a blasé tone. "That's fine, we can have an arrangement similar to what your step-mother had before her ridiculous lies were revealed." 

It was tempting, damn tempting. She could see the prince ... Alex ... again, if she became part of the Royal Court. 

But ... she'd probably end up doing ... certain things with the king ... 

It would be quite lucrative. From an economic and an artistic standpoint, this was an excellent idea. She'd be getting paid to paint, and at full price instead of the smaller portions she'd take when she was painting for Kosette. 

But ... but ... no. She didn't want to be fought over. 

"Your Majesty, I must refuse." 

"What?!" His voice rose. Rosanda trembled under him. His brow was marred by anger and impatience, but then that changed. He seemed to soften, and his voice followed suit. "Is it because of your loss? Do you need more time?" 

Hmm ... she was in something of a convoluted mental state. It wouldn't be good to pack up her belongings and move into a palace while she was concerned over her likely dead brother. 

"Your Majesty," she said, hoping her eyes seemed pitiful, "you are a very astute ruler. It's true. I do need some time to cope." 

She sighed when the man nodded and stepped back, removing his hands from her. She felt her hair slide down her neck and back. 

"I'll give you until the Fertility Ball," Kutberth I said as he bent down. Rosanda heard her glasses' frames gently scrape the floor as he picked them up. After he straightened his back, he put the glasses in her hands. 

"The Fertility Ball? I don't understand the significance." Rosanda was frowning as she put her spectacles back onto her head. 

The king leaned a bit to one side, mirth wrinkling his nose. "You should be receiving an invitation soon, Miss Lunai." 

"An invitation?" Rosanda stared at him for a bit. She was to receive a royal invitation to a royal ball? Did that mean she'd have to purchase a ball gown for once in her life? She knew how to dance, but she didn't really go to the fanciest of balls. She mostly went to more casual affairs. "Sire, I don't believe I'd fit in well. I wouldn't know how to behave." 

Kutberth I waved his hand in a circle, dismissing her statement. "You'll do fine, Miss Lunai." He gave her a polite bow, but he was grinning like successful a con-artist. "Now, I should leave you, before I truly take advantage of you." 

She gave him a courteous goodbye and unlocked the door for him. She gave a trembling, weakened exhale as he left. 

*** 

"What are you doing to our gardens?!" That was the strained voice of the duchess. Her hood fell back and her hair seemed to flutter behind her as she rushed over to the men that had been digging up the cold earth for quite some time. They had already made several holes, and they had already found several skeletons, much to Esther's boredom. 

Esther turned to the blonde woman and gave a cool explanation, holding up a warm lamp and lighting up their faces. "We're searching for bodies. We've already found several." 

Duchess Adurant's own lamp was lowered as her face paled. She noticed the bones the men were unearthing. Her mouth open, and closed, and opened again. Her free hand rubbed into her face as she cried out, "No ... no ... no! This is too revolting!" Her irises seemed to ricochet like a child's set of toy balls as she assessed the situation. Then her eyes paused, and she screamed out, "Even the rainbow roses! Even the rainbow roses!" 

The men had pulled a bunch of bare, ice covered plants that were actually rose bushes. Underneath their roots, the men found children's bones. The decaying bodies had likely served as fertilizer. 

Rainbow roses were the most popular roses in all the land. 

Apparently, the duchess loved them, because when she saw the bones under the rose bushes, she went down to her knees, her skirts and cloak shrouding her form. She seemed to bend over, and then she vomited onto the ground. 

Esther wanted to comfort her, but it was best to remain neutral and uncaring when she was working. Fortunately for the Duchess, her husband was approaching, and when he was near the duchess, he knelt down beside her and put an arm over her shoulders. His free hand went to his uneven face, and he hid his eyes. 

Esther sighed. 

One of her men swept up snow and dirt as he rushed to her. "Agent Urvine, we've found the housekeeper!" 

Adrenaline had Esther's heart dancing. "Where is she?" 

"She's on the top of a damn tower!" 

"What?!" 

Esther followed the men, her fingers so tight on her bag that they hurt. They stopped at a corner of the outer wall of the castle. And somehow, Tilly the housekeeper had her arms wrapped around the pointed tip of the tower's roof. Her round face was strangely calm, but pink. She didn't have a cloak; her brown hair was loosening from it's bun. She was trembling, but it was likely from the weather. 

A bit of panic went through Esther. "We need to get to the top!" 

"I'll let myself fall if you come for me!!" That was the yelling of Tilly. 

Esther dropped her bag, put her hands near her mouth, and shouted up at the housekeeper, "What are your demands?!" 

"Get some paper and a pen! I have knowledge for you!! And bring the Duke here!! He needs to hear what I have to say!!" Tilly's feet dangled in such a way that reminded Esther of a playful child. 

"Alright!! I'll send my man to get everything you need! Wait for us! Don't do anything insane!" She gave the order, and once her man was running off, Esther wondered how long Tilly had been hanging up on the tower's roof. People had been searching for her, but they mostly looked in the castle's keep. Did she hide inside the tower until she wanted to be seen? 

A few men came to Esther at a satisfying speed. They had their pads and pens ready. Soon after that, the Duke himself arrived, his gloved fingers twitching, his face shiny with tears. 

"Tilly!" Duke Adurant's voice was cracked. "What in blazes do you think you're doing?!" 

The housekeeper didn't give an answer. She just asked, "Have you got your pens ready, then?!" 

Esther told her, "We're ready! Say what you need to say!" 

Tilly seemed to take a breath, and then she screamed down to them her story. 

"The former duke and duchess were depraved monsters! They paid men to steal children from Lealna and they kept the children in the dungeon! They had my husband bury the children in the night! Their poor, wee little bodies were damaged beyond any hope for dignity!" 

Duke Adurant put both hands to his face. His chest puffed up. Then he cried out a wordless noise. 

"Not done!! Not done, Your Grace!! I must finish!! Please!! You need to know of your parents' fate!!" Tilly wiggled a bit on the tower, but she held on. "Your parents went at each other like mad!! They knocked over an oil lamp, and they started the fire!! That's true! Your father knocked your mother to the floor, and she didn't get up, but I attacked your father! I had stolen one of his other canes, then I set it on fire and bashed his head in! I didn't worry about the fire! I was planning on setting the room on fire anyway!" 

Tilly panted a bit, her arms seeming to strain, but she went on. "I waited nearby, to be sure that they'd die from the smoke, but you, Your Grace, you came, and you weren't meant to!! You were meant to be asleep!!" 

She struggled a bit more, and Esther thought she saw regret up there on her face. "I couldn't let you save them! I pushed a shelf onto you!! Then I went on to destroy the cane I pilfered! I didn't want you to die! I thought someone would notice the fire soon enough, and you'd be rescued! I felt grotty for doing it; I truly did! When you came out all red and and dismal, as if you pitched a fit and rolled around in the fire, I wanted to die, but I couldn't do anything except let this matter fade away!" 

"I couldn't reveal your parents' crime! It would shame your family, might even put you under suspicion! I threw the dungeons' key in the river! I decided that if the crime should be found, then you, Your Grace, should be the one to seek it out! You should be the one to have the dungeon door opened! That way, suspicion would be taken away from you!!" 

One of Tilly's feet pressed into the roof of the tower, and she screamed out, "Did you take all of that down?!" 

Esther heard her man give a positive response. Then she hollered up to Tilly, "Yes! We have it all written down!" 

"Good!!" Then Tilly kicked herself off the tower. 

Duke Adurant reached out to her, even though he couldn't do anything. 

Esther noticed that before Tilly's body hit the ground, her hand moved against her throat, and blood flew out of her. When her head crashed into the earth, blood splattered. A stained knife clattered onto the ground. Tilly had been hiding it. She had slit her throat, just in case the fall didn't kill her. 

*** 

Duke Adurant wasn't charged with anything. He wasn't brought to court. However, in order to pacify the people of Lealna and anyone else in his lands that were concerned, he was ordered by the king himself to perform a few actions. 

First, a special tomb would be created and built in the biggest public graveyard in Lealna, all at Duke Adurant's expense. All of the bodies would be placed in simple, but well made stone coffins. The identities of the victims couldn't be properly deduced. Even if a family member came forward and said their relatives had gone missing, it wouldn't be enough evidence to prove anything, except, perhaps, for the trophies. 

The trophies were placed in a sturdy metal case in Lealna's great courthouse, aside from the pomander. Any person would be free to inquire about the case, and see if they recognized any of the objects. Alternate burial arrangements could be made if required. 

Duke Adurant was also required to have his parents' bodies exhumed and have them placed in simple, ordinary coffins. The coffins would be placed in the most mediocre public graveyard, with tiny little tombstones. The elaborate, expensive tomb and set of coffins Duke Adurant had granted his parents would be sold to the highest bidder. 

The coffins wouldn't likely be reused, though. The precious metals adorning the wood would probably be removed and re-purposed, while the wood and fabric parts of the coffins would probably be burned. It should be noted that the duke was allowed to keep the profits from selling these items, since he wasn't being accused of anything. 

Duke Adurant was ordered to have the incident published in every newspaper in the Duvanu province, along with an apology. He was meant to apologize for not learning about the crimes sooner, and he did so without any struggle. 

Duchess Adurant took on a task, even though nobody had told her to do it. She sold off all of the late duchess' jewelry, and she spread most the profits over a few struggling orphanages in Lealna. She saved a portion, though, for Rosanda Lunai. 

Before all of these actions were taken, though, Rosanda finished the painting of Andreo, took the payment for the commission, and then she insisted on leaving Castle Adurant. She couldn't stand the place anymore, even with such kind hosts. It wasn't until a week or so later when she received the money from the duchess. Rosanda almost felt guilty over it. 

Then, a few days after that, Rosanda read in a newspaper that the duchess had claimed she was abstaining from eating meat and sugary products for a whole month. 

Maybe the family wouldn't be shamed, at least, not for long. Charity often counteracted bits of dishonor. Rosanda imagined that if the couple continued showing their regret for the situation for just a bit longer, maybe their reputations wouldn't wither and die. 

Rosanda arranged to have Toby's grave dug up, and the coffin opened. It was obviously empty in there. She was unable to determine which one of the many skeletons belonged to Toby. So, she placed the silver pomander inside the coffin and had it buried again. 
