 Sister Moon shone in the night sky as my cloven hooves plodded through the forest by the sea. I was walking through the forest on that summer night, as was my wont when I felt restless. To call it night is not quite accurate though; in truth, the hour approached dawn. Suddenly I caught the scent that belonged to an elusive vision of divine feminine beauty that had been haunting me in my dreams, beckoning me to join her in the heavens. Visions of celestial rapture, of stars adoring her beauty, praising her for all eternity, had filled my thoughts and inspired songs about her, which I sang day and night. 

Hers was a feminine scent that evoked strong desires in me. Desires not only of the flesh, but also to join the mysteries of the universe. It was a scent so rich, so strong with the promise of heavenly wonder that I felt compelled as never before to find the source of this bewitchment. With a lusty gleam in my eye I trod on to find her.

I found myself in a dense thicket. The thick walls of foliage blocked out even the moon, leaving me enveloped in darkness. Yet I could still smell that bewitching scent, calling to me. I pushed through and saw a glimmer of light. Thinking it must be Sister Moon, I trod forward through the dense brush.

When I stumbled into a glen I found the vision that had been haunting my dreams. For here was Brigid, a goddess of such radiant beauty and purity as I had never seen before. The beauty I had sensed but not seen in my dreams. Bare-skinned with auburn hair and blue-green eyes like the sea, she glowed as if a thousand stars were shining inside her. Indeed, the light was concentrated most in her forehead, illuminating all and filling me with its celestial brilliance, its hope. My heart was filled with joy near to over-bursting. I had found the One.

At first I was so struck with her beauty that I could not speak, let alone move. I could only stand there at the edge of the glen like a dumb statue. Sensing my shyness, Brigid smiled and crooked a finger, beckoning me. I walked toward her. When I stopped a few feet away she said, "Pan, I have been waiting for you."

My mind reeled. Brigid was waiting for me? How could this be? I was not worthy. I was only god of shepherds, whereas she was a Goddess. The Triple Goddess.

"But—" I started to say.

Brigid placed a finger on my lips to hush me. "I have heard your songs praising me. They make me glad."

The touch of her finger on my lips was like lightning, filling me instantly with such intense energy and heat, as I had never experienced before. My eyes lit up and the hairs on the nape of my neck stood on end. I stood there with a foolish grin on my face.

"Oh my, Goddess," I said.

Brigid smiled. "Kiss me," she said softly but with an insistence that told me that to disobey would hurt her.

Gently I cupped her face with my fingertips, leaned toward her and pressed my lips against hers. Brigid's lips were the softest, the warmest, the sweetest lips I had ever had the pleasure of kissing, like touching sun-drenched rose-petals. The warmth of her kiss traveled through me like liquid fire.

Feeling bolder, I wrapped my arms around Brigid as we continued to kiss. It felt as if her inner heat burned even stronger within my arms, adding fuel to the inferno that was rapidly building inside me. Her body pressed against mine, flesh-to-flesh, molding to my contours, and mine to hers. A prelude to becoming one.

Brigid's lips broke from mine. I felt her hot breath on my ear as she said, "Take me."

Needing no further encouragement, I gently laid Brigid down on a blanket of grass. Strange that the grass was not bedecked with dew, as one would expect at dawn. Strange too how preternaturally soft the grass was, softer than cashmere. I did not marvel on this too long, of course. Desire for union with Brigid demanded my attention.

Holding in check the compulsion to rush into the union, I lay close to Brigid's side, a furry flank lying across her legs, my manhood turgid. As we continued kissing, tongues dancing together, my hand caressed her breast. Her nipple stiffened under my fingers, and I bent down to take it into my mouth. She cooed in response. I grunted in pleasure.

My mouth kissed its way down to Brigid's auburn garden. Her musk filled my nostrils with its powerful sweetness. Her legs parted as I kneeled between them. I ran my hands up and down her fair legs. Mmm, so smooth and soft. I kissed her feet and toes before leaning in to kiss her thatch of auburn pubic hair.

While my tongue teased Brigid's love nub, my fingers snaked into her obviously aroused womanhood, eliciting a moan of bliss from my Goddess. I worshipped at her altar, sipping her ambrosia and speaking in tongues, until I could hold back no longer. I had to be inside her. I clambered up until I was lying on top of Brigid, my weight supported by my elbows. With a sigh I guided my manhood into her sex.

In response Brigid loosely wrapped her legs around mine. Our bodies moved with a dance-like rhythm, slowly at first, and then faster, with urgency. The sounds of our lovemaking resounded in the forest glen.

Suddenly I found myself on my back, Brigid on top of me, astride my hips. Her hands were planted on either side of my head. Her face was just inches from mine, her hair framing my face. She was breathing hard, her hot breath playing on my skin in short bursts. Here eyes, so full of fire, held mine. Her hips rocked and rolled on mine with a naked insistence.

Brigid rode me hard. With a cry her body went still before shuddering. At that same instant my body shuddered in ecstasy as well. I saw in my mind's eye the heavens open up and welcome me with a brilliant starburst. I was one with Brigid and, by virtue of that union, with the universe in all its glory. A sublime joy filled every part of me, making me feel as if I were rising above the earth entwined with Brigid, high into the heavens.

Brigid collapsed on top of me. We kissed deeply and murmured words of love to each other. She rolled to my side and we lay together for what seemed an eternity, stroking each other and talking. When I gazed into her eyes, I still saw the purity and goodness—her goddess qualities— there that I had seen before. But now I saw something else as well. I felt it too. I now knew her humanity. And she was no less the goddess for it. 

We made love over and over again that day, climbing heights of ecstasy I had not known existed. After we made love in the grass for the last time, we bathed in the warm sea, watching the sun set amidst the purples and golds in the sky. It was a great day to be alive. Brigid had blessed me with her love, lifting me to the mysteries of the universe while giving me rapturous joy. I grinned before kissing her again, as the waves eddied around us. I loved a goddess, and she loved me.