 A Tale from the Erotic Adventures of Solomon Magus

*

'Twas in Javan that I first met the lady known as Pandora.

I had come to that land of volcanoes and effervescent pools of water to sample the hot springs, which were well known for their apparent healing properties. And since I was recovering from a rather harsh punishment I received at the hands of the Rab Gibor and his cohorts (the embarrassing details of which I must leave for another time), the waters seemed an ideal remedy for my various aches and pains.

Thus I arrived in Asa, one of the many small villages throughout Javan that offered a curative spring.

As I strolled down the dirt street, a light mist occasionally caressed my face as steam clouds floated past every now and again. Even the walls of the gray rock one-story buildings glistened with a fine layer of moisture.

And, of course, there was also the ever-present odour of brimstone.

When I asked a nearby villager to point out the healing abode, it turned out I had just passed it.

An attractive woman of some twenty-odd years greeted me as I entered.

"Blessings on you, my lord," she said, her soft voice already a soothing balm. "My name is Pandora. You have come to bathe in the waters?"

She wore a short-skirted chiton, a garment common to both men and women in the Isles of the Gentiles, and she wore her braided blonde hair held up by several decorative combs.

"I'm Solomon Magus. I've heard many reports of the waters' healing properties."

She smiled, and then said, "The reports are true. Come, let me take you to a chamber."

There were several rooms in the dwelling that had obviously been built around the natural rock formations, and each chamber was of an irregular shape and size; but all of them possessed a deep pool of steaming water that gave off a stronger brimstone pungency than outside.

As we entered one room in particular, I gestured toward the pool and remarked, "Are you sure you do not mean to cook me in that?"

Pandora laughed aloud, her voice full of youthfulness, her mauve eyes sparkling. She shook her head. "It looks hotter than it is."

I looked dubiously at her.

She held out her hands. "Let me take your garments. Then step into the water slowly; that way, your body will adjust gradually to the heat."

I pursed my lips, peered at the pool hesitantly. But I finally set down my traveling bag, unfastened my long robes and slipped out of them.

"By the gods!" exclaimed Pandora as she noticed the proliferation of bruises on my body."

"The consequence of an unfortunate set of circumstances and foolishness on my part," I explained quickly and simply, since I did not wish to go into details.

"Then after your bath, you must allow me to apply some of my healing salve to your injuries."

I nodded. "My thanks, Pandora. To be honest, I have used up my own healing pastes and have not yet had an opportunity to acquire or make more. And I will certainly pay you extra for your medicines."

I followed the young lady's instructions and descended gradually into the pool of water. It was hot but, as she had said, not unbearable once my body had acclimated itself to the heat.

I closed my eyes, sighed with contentment and relief as the water covered my body and began to soothe my sore bones and muscles.

Some time later, quite refreshed and invigorated by the apparent magic of the water, I sat naked on a milking stool as Pandora daubed and massaged her slave onto several small cuts and bruises.

"Where do you come from, Solomon?"

"Originally, a little town called Vellore in Elishah. Then, one day, when my parents and I were on our way to Madai, pirates attacked our merchant ship. I alone escaped alive, only to be shipwrecked on the island of Ithamar where I studied the magical arts for seven years under the tutelage of Narmada Magus."

"You're a wizard, then?" Pandora exclaimed, her eyes wide with interest.

I nodded and took a sip from a cup of tea that she had given me earlier. "Seventh in a line of Magi that originally hail from Arpakshad."

"Then perhaps you may be able to help me..." With that, she scurried out and returned a few moments later. She held a small but rather ornate box, which she handed to me.

"It was a present," she explained. "From a woman who enjoyed the benefits of the pool. She said once I opened it, that which I desired would be mine. But I have not yet found a way to remove the lid."

I lifted the box, glanced over the intricate and decorative carvings that encircled it. But the closer I looked, even I could not find a latch, trigger or keyhole with which to unlock it.

"It may be magically sealed," I commented. "And if I were to try and use my magic powers on it, I might destroy not only the box, but us along with it if it is triggered to explode."

Pandora looked downcast. "I do not think the lady would have done that."

"What is it you desire?" I asked, my curiosity aroused by the stipulation placed on Pandora and the box.

She blushed slightly. "My lord, it has been my fervent wish for seven years to lose my maidenhood. But alas! My parchment of innocence is so tough that none have been able to penetrate me.

An eyebrow slowly raised in surprise. "Others have tried?"

Pandora nodded.

"And now you want me to see what I can do?" Already my manhood stirred slightly.

The young woman noticed it immediately and licked her lips. "If you are successful, and I pray you will be, then I shall not expect payment for your time in the water, nor for the medicines I placed on your wounds."

I examined the box again. How it could allow her to lose her virginity was beyond me. It also brought back memories of the so-called Staff of Radames --- what if something more sinister lay within? Perhaps, in reality, it was not meant to be opened.

"Will you try?" Pandora inquired again, a hint of pleading in the tone of her gentle voice.

"Very well," I finally replied. For by this time, my staff had reared its bulging head, the full height and length of its shaft throbbing for attention.

"O Solomon!" gasped Pandora as my tongue sought out her most intimate cave. Her fingers caught the tendrils of my hair, pulled my head closer so that it was all I could do to catch my breath.

Her parchment was indeed firm, more so than any I had encountered before; but I was sure that with prolonged oral attention to this most treasured spot, I would easily be able to penetrate to the uttermost depths.

Along with a touch of magic, perhaps.

Thus my tongue lingered upon the opening to her chasm, my spittle drenching her lips, laving them and centering on the tiny nub from which she received currents of Bliss time and time again.

Now a fourth time I brought her to the edge of overflowing, and I glanced up to see her head thrown back, her eyes rolling up, her sweat-beaded breasts shimmering in the moonlight that streamed through an open window.

(And, I daresay, passers-by on the street could not have failed to hear her cries of ecstasy).

At length, the time came when I felt the deed was ready to be done.

I quickly positioned myself between her slick, quivering thighs and set the tip of my thickened shaft against the membrane of her chasm.

I spoke those ancient words, felt the telltale tingling along the length of my scepter. Even as it began to expand, I thrust quickly and roughly, knowing that any sort of hesitation would no doubt render injury to both of us.

Pandora screamed.

But at the same time, I knew my time spent watering her garden had not been in vain; for I felt the tearing of her parchment against the length of my shaft, the gush of warm, fresh blood on my inner thighs and the hot, slippery depths of her cavern walls.

Even as she screamed, her nails raked eight bloody tracks across my back.

All this was enough to carry me to the peak of my own excitement. With a powerful cry, I fired my arrows into her, shooting to the very target of her being as I continued with long, easy thrusts.

Pandora's cries of pain segued to gasps of pleasure as my magically enhanced staff filled her completely. She sobbed with release and gratitude into my shoulder, and then hugged me tight as if never desiring to never let me depart.

And, for a while, I did not.

The sun rose bright on a new morning with Pandora's warm body snuggled against my own.

I lay quietly, holding her in my arms, and looked about the room. Then my eyes fell upon the box she had showed me the night before.

It looked like four latches --- one on each side of the box --- had somehow opened.

The hairs on the back of my neck rose of their own accord.

As gently as possible, not desiring to wake her just yet, I set Pandora's head on the pillow, slipped from the bed and approached the box.

I picked it up, turned it in my hands. There were, indeed, four latches. All that remained was to remove the top.

But when I touched the lid, I remembered what Pandora had said --- what she desired, she would have. According to her, I'd already fulfilled her wish. Was there something more?

I took the box to the bed, set it down and woke Pandora.

She stared in amazement at the box. "How did you do that?" she asked.

"'Twas not I who did it," I replied. "Perhaps the sound of your Blissful scream, perhaps some other form of magic." I shrugged, simply because I didn't really know. "But I think you should open it. The gift was yours."

Pandora grasped the lid and pulled it off while I secretly made mumbled preparations to magically defend her should something untoward appear.

Immediately there erupted from the interior of the box, a vast array of colourful rays of light that enveloped both of us, swirled and swept around the room. For a moment, we were disoriented and slightly blinded.

Then the lights dissipated and we gazed upon a wondrous sight.

Lying asleep upon the bed was a young lad of some thirteen years, his body thin and frail looking, but otherwise alive and unharmed.

Pandora broke down and wept heavily.

A short time later, as the three of us ate breakfast, Pandora explained what had happened.

"Part of the story was true," she said. "But part was false. You see, when I was sixteen, my parents died in an earthquake. My brother and I were left to fend for ourselves. Having no other choice, we took to thievery and one day unknowingly robbed a wizard. She promptly caught us. Then she cursed me, saying that even though many men would desire to have me, none would be able to take me save a man with an enchanted rod. She magically imprisoned my brother in the box and she said he would be freed when the curse on me was broken. It has been seven years; and look --- even though I have aged, Leandros has not. But at least he's alive. I don't think the wizard ever believed anyone could break the curse."

I shook my head in wonderment. "I am happy for you, Pandora. And it is nice to see that you have taken a path in which you are helping others rather than stealing from them."

I reached into my bag.

"No!" exclaimed Pandora. "I told you not to pay me ---"

"This is not payment," I answered. 'This is my gift to you." And I handed her a small amulet.

"What is it?"

"A symbol of our friendship and love," I replied. "If you hang it on your wall, it shall bring the blessing of El-Bara upon your house."

"I have nothing to give you in return..."

"You have already given me your virginity," I said. "There is no greater thing you could give. I do not need anything more. Now, shall we partake of some more breakfast? I daresay I die of thirst this morning."

Pandora laughed, hugged me and gave me a kiss.

That was not the last I was to see of her.

Later, Pandora would become my first wife.