 Gavyn made a left into his driveway. It didn't look to much like a driveway though. It looked more like a dirt pathway big enough for a car. 

"Well, here we are." Gavyn came to a stop and put the car in park, then turned the vehicle off. As he unbuckled his seat belt he noticed Nicole open her own door and get out. She leaned against the car while he locked it up.

"It's a nice house. I like the color." Nicole said. Gavyn didn't think she really understood the severity of what happened to her so he decided to go along with the small talk.

"Thanks. I painted it last summer after my parents died." He was sorry he said anything at all when she gave him a sympathetic look. She didn't say anything though and he was glad she didn't. He felt stupid as it was. Sighing, Gavyn mad his way to the front door. From the corner of his eye, he noticed Nicole try to follow him. She lost her balance and fell into a heap in his drive way.

"Are you all right?", Gavyn asked as he went to her side. Nicole lifted her arms as if to say she gave up. He took that to mean she was all right.

"Today has just been absolutely horrifying."

"I'm sure it has been." Gavyn made that remark as he went to lift her into his arms.

"You really don't have to carry me. Wow this is embarrassing." Gavyn could tell from her tone of voice that she hated being seen as weak. He couldn't really blame her.

"Don't worry about it. You don't really weigh that much."

"Well thank you. And also thank you for doing this. Taking care of me I mean."

"Don't mention it." Still holding Nicole Gavyn opened his front door and walked into the living room. Gavyn couldn't help but feel like it was as if he was carrying her over that threshold thing. He set Nicole on the worn down couch and shut the door. "I'll be right back. Don't move."

" I think I'm to dizzy to go anywhere." She reached up to grab her head. Gavyn left the room for a minute and then came back with two Advil. As he handed her the tablets he watched her face fall.

"Am I supposed to do something with them?" She reached for the medicine and held them away from her.

" You swallow them." Gavyn knew his statement had sounded like a question but she took the water from his other hand and swallowed the tablets.

"What exactly is their purpose?"

"They'll help you feel better and take some of the pain way." Gavyn was confused. Didn't the girl know over the counter drugs were?

"Oh, Gods, thank you. I hurt all over which is strange because I'm not supposed to fee..."

---------------------------------------

Stopping mid-sentence, Nicole realized her mistake. She couldn't very well tell him that she wasn't supposed to feel pain, let alone anything else.

"Your not supposed to what?" Gavyn looked puzzled. She decided to lie to him.

"I don't remember what I was saying or even talking about. Sorry."

"It's understandable; don't worry about it. I'm gonna go get some salve for the cut on you forehead." Gavyn went into another room and Nicole relaxed into the soft sofa. Before she knew it, she had fallen asleep. Unfortunately she was awoken by a stinging sensation coming from her forehead. Nicole gasped in surprise and pain when she opened her eyes to Gavyn dabbing some kind of burning liquid to her head.

"You won't need stitches. The cut isn't to deep so a band-aid will be all right for now."

"You know, I really can't thank you enough for this." Nicole's eyes were at half mast and Gavyn could tell she really needed to get to sleep.

"I'll go get you some PJ's so you can get out of those clothes and sleep." 

"Oh, uhm, thank you."

"Sweats and a t-shirt good with you?"

"That's fine. Anything to get out of these gross clothes." Gavyn laughed and left the room. Nicole didn't know what to make of this boy but she was very grateful he was there to help her. She laid back down on the couch while waiting and fell asleep again.

------------------------------------------

Making his way to the dresser that held most of his clothes, Gavyn grabbed the first t-shirt and sweats that touched his hands. He sighed. The clothes would be way to big on her but they would have to do.

Walking back into the living room he stopped in mid-stride. Nicole had stretched out on the couch. Her chocolate hair was strewn about the cushion she had laid her head upon. With one arm draped over her stomach and the other hanging off the edge of the couch Gavyn thought she looked absolutely adorable. That is until she tried to roll over and ended up on the rug.

"Oh crap! Are you all right Nicole?" He rushed to her side and helped her sit up. "Are you hurt?"

"It's just my ankle. I think I might have twisted it. Perfect!"

"I could still take you to the hospital." Gavyn went to grab his keys but the look she gave him suggest he'd better not touch them. "Never mind then. I'll just get you an ace-bandage for your ankle." He was glad when he saw her visibly relax and nod.

"That would be so much better thanks." 

"Okay. I'll be back here ya go." Nicole took the clothes he offered and their hands brushed. He couldn't quite believe it but he felt a surge of tingles the moment their fingers touched.

To Gavyns surprise Nicole grabbed his hand and turned it palm up. He watched her eyes as she studied the lines that criss-crossed themselves. She looked confused and then he noticed her eyes grow wide as if in realization. She let go of his hand quickly and took the clothes in her hands again.

"I'll be right back. Don't fall or anything while I'm gone." Nicole smiled at his light hearted mood but Gavyn noticed her smile didn't quite reach her eyes. She looked disturbed.

"I'll do my best." She said with a shaky breath.

--------------------------------------------

Nicole glanced down the hall way; making sure Gavyn was out of sight. She dressed quickly and threw her wet clothes into a pile next to the couch; hoping that was okay. She sat back down on the couch and waited for Gavyn to come back. He wasn't Gavyn though. No. She knew his real name and where he belonged. He belonged in Olympia. That thought led to another.

"The Scroll!"

"You all right?" Gavyn had just stepped into the room when she shouted.

"I was just thinking aloud. Nothing really." She hoped he would let it rest. As she turned to look at him, she found him staring at her. "Are you all right?"

"Yeah. I'm fine. Here you go." He came out of his stupor and tossed her the ace-bandage.

"I have no idea how to use this ." Nicole tossed it back to him. 

"All right. Just sit down and I'll take care of you... I mean your ankle." Nicole sat down on the couch with her right ankle out. Gavyn wrapped it with incredible speed and care she couldn't help but notice. "You're all set. I'll help you get to the room." Her took her hands and helped her stand up and then led her down the long hallway to the guest room.

"Thank you again for everything." She smiled at him and before she knew what she was doing she moved a piece of black hair out of his eyes. Her eyes went wide again and her hand fell to her side quickly.

"Well, uhm, my room is just across from yours so if you need anything..." Nicole nodded when he didn't continue. "It's not much but the bed is pretty comfy. I'll see you in the morning." She gave him another nod and disappeared inside the room. She heard him go inside his own room and close the door.

It was too dark to see what the room looked like but it was warm and she found the bed easily. Nicole sat down and laid her back against the headboard. She was exhausted but knew what she had to do. Holding out her hand she summoned the scroll. A luminescent golden glow came from her palm and the scroll materialized. Unrolling the it with great care she began to read.

-------------------------------------------------

Changing into his own pajamas, Gavyn winced. The bruises from the fight that night still hurt. He slowly lowered himself onto the bed and closed his eyes. His mind raced through the events of the day. He's won a fight, lost the girl, found the girl, talked to the girl; he had even held hands with the girl. Smiling into the darkness, he fell asleep.

--------------------------------------------------

Pandora, 

You have a mortal year to recover the infamous box that once held the ills of the world. We, the Titans, will relinquish your curse and you will live freely and in any way you choose as a goddess once more. The box must be returned to us before the year is out or we will, indefinitely, send you to the fiery pits of Hades to burn for all eternity.

We have sent you to the boy, whom you know as Gavyn Bennet. I am most certain you know by now who he is the reincarnate of. My sweet, I bid you adieu. A year is what you have, and we look forward to you becoming a goddess again and serving with us. But always know that there is also a spot in hell awaiting you at years end if you are to fail us. I, Cronus, hope that you are most successful.

Nicole read the scroll twice. They knew who Gavyn really was. He was the reincarnate of Hercules. She had read his whole history in the palm of his hands when their hands had touched. As she thought of him her eyes started to mist over. Nicole knew what crying was but had never done it in her life. She'd never had the need to. She looked down and the scroll had disappeared into thin air. 

Nicole stretched across the bed and sobbed. She had Hercules. She had a year. She had a thrown awaiting her in Olympus. There was also one awaiting her in Hell. Shaking with fright Nicole glanced at the ceiling and fainted dead away.

-------------------------------------------------------

Gavyn woke up several times in the short night. The first time he awoke, he checked on Nicole. She was sound asleep on her side breathing lightly. The second time he found her clothes and decided to wash them. She would need clothes in the morning. The third, and last time, he woke up it was already 7 in the morning and school started at 9. He decided he'd check on Nicole again and see if she wanted to go with him. They could find a place for her with one of his friends. It sounded like a good plan to him.

Gavyn knocked on her door and cracked it a bit. She was seated on the rocking chair near the window.

"Nicole? Would you be willing to go to school with me? We can find you a place with one of my friends." He made his way into the room and sat down on the bed.

"Hmm? Oh yes that sounds nice. It would be easier wouldn't it." Nicole's gaze never left the window. Gavyn wished he had a way to make her feel better about this situation.

"All right then. I'll just go get you clothes. I washed them early this morning." Gavyn left and came back only to find Nicole in the same position he'd left her in. He placed the clothing in the center of the bed.

"Thank you Her..." Nicole stopped and looked at him. "Gavyn."

"It's no problem. You sure do say 'thank you' a lot. I'll let you take your shower first. It's just through that door there. Everything you need will be in there." Gavyn knew he sounded stupid. He was babbling on and on. " Okay I'll leave you to that."

"I'll just let you know when I'm done then." Nicole made her way to the bathroom slowly and shut the door behind her. Gavyn felt awkward just standing there so he made his way to the living room. Sitting down he turned on the TV, not really watching but waiting for Nicole, wondering why she looked like she was in an altered state.

--------------------------------------------

A shower proved to be very difficult for Nicole. She'd never had one before. Immortals were just always clean; it's the way it was supposed to be! She fortunately figured out the knobs that controlled the water and got in. The water cascaded down her body and through her hair. Nicole realized that this was sheer bliss.

When she finally felt clean enough she got out of the shower and dried off. Going back into the guest room she put on her clothing. It wasn't what she was used to wearing but apparently it's what the Titans thought mortal girls should wear. There was a bra and underwear; these were familiar to her. She put those on first. Then came the jeans. They faded shade of dark blue and only came to the top of her hips; showing her figure off. Her shirt was an Indigo color and hugged her curves snuggly. The sandals were wedge and gave her an extra inch in height (which she was glad for). 

Fully dressed Nicole decided she would go talk to Gavyn. She found him seated on the couch watching a loud box. She remembered it was called a TV.

"Hey there. You look like you feel better." Gavyn had stood up and was making his way towards her.

"Yes, I feel much better. I can honestly say that that was the best shower I've ever had." Nicole laughed inside when she made her own private joke.

"I'm glad to hear that. I'll go take mine real quick and we'll be on our way. You can have a bowl of cereal if you'd like." That being said he left the room to take his shower.

Since it was finally daylight Nicole could see the living room more clearly now. It was actually quite cute. The wall paper was a light shade of blue and the furniture matched it perfectly. There was a chair in the corner next to a well stocked book case. Another chair occupied the space adjacent to the couch which was facing the television. The carpet was a cream color and it looked really soft to her. A phone hung on the far wall that led to the kitchen, and Nicole realized that she had never used one before.

"Okay, are you ready to go?" Nicole gasped in surprise as Gavyn walked into the room. "Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you." He looked sincere enough.

"No it's fine." Nicole held her hand to her chest trying to get her heart to calm down. "I'm ready to go."

"Lets get going then."

"All right." They went to the car and made their way to the school.

----------------------------------------------

They hadn't talked at all during the long trip to the school. Gavyn was glad when they finally made it to the school parking lot. He parked in an empty spot and noticed that not a whole lot of people were there yet. He remembered that they were pretty early. 

Gavyn turned the car off and got out of the car. Nicole went to do the same. She shut her door and leaned against it. Gavyn came to stand next to her.

"There's my friend Ben over there." He waved to a tall boy with dark mahogany hair standing with a girl at a Ford pick-up truck. "With him is..." He felt stupid for not remembering the girls name. He had just seen her last night! "Anna!" Gavyn felt proud of himself for finally remembering and turned to Nicole. She was smiling at him; and this time her smile reached her eyes.

"Hey man, what's going on?" Ben and Anna had made their way to stand in front of Gavyn and Nicole. "Who is this?"

Gavyn would have introduced Nicole but she beat him to it.

"Hello, I'm Nicole." She shook both Ben and Anna's hands.

"She's new and Anna I was wondering if I could ask a favor of you." He grabbed her hand with both of his and looked into her eyes.

"I...Uh... Of c-course. What can I d-do?" 

"Hey,' Ben shouted. "I'm the only one who's allowed to make her blush." Gavyn patted her hand and let it go.

"So sorry." Gavyn said to Ben. He then turned back to Anna. " I was wondering if you could help Nicole." Anna nodded and smiled at Nicole.

"I was kicked out of my home and I was mugged and have no clothes and no where to go." Nicole decided not to let Gavyn tell her sob story and he didn't really mind. He looked to his friends and noticed that Anna was on the verge of tears, Nicole looked embarrassed, and Ben's mouth just hung open.

"Of course you can stay with me," Anna shouted and then, to everyone's surprise, threw her arms around Nicole and hugged her tight. Nicole didn't seem to mind because she hugged back.

"Thank you so much Anna. You have no idea what that means to me." Anna let go of Nicole as she said this and held onto her shoulders.

"Don't mention it." Anna put Nicole's arm through hers. "Come on. I'll take you to my house. Wait do you go to school"? Nicole only shook her head. "Oh ok. You must have graduated early. We'll talk about it later. Bye boys. We'll see you later! With that the girls walked away arm in arm to Anna's car.

"Holy crap dude," Ben said as soon as the girls were out of earshot. "Where did you find her."

"She's the girl I said I saw last night. I found her unconscious in the middle... Ben!" When Gavyn took his eyes off the girls and turned to his friend, he noticed that he wasn't even paying attention.

"Okay. Unconscious." Ben finally turned towards Gavyn.

"In the middle of the road." Gavyn finished. "She didn't want to go to the hospital so I took her home and patched her up there." He looked down at the asphalt. " She said something funny though." Ben gave him a look that suggested he continue. "When I asked for her name she said 'I am Pandora, keeper of the box'." Gavyn couldn't help but feel some kind of memory that he didn't think was his. But it just felt to real not to be.