 While this is not my first time writing a smutty fiction, it is the first time I've published some. Hope you enjoy!

---

Spring came to Greece with lush grasses and trees and flowers in bloom. And with spring came the time of the Pansélinos rites, a ritual that existed between two Greek cities of Thais and Metea, both under the protective watch of the goddess Selene. 

The ancient stories stated that every year a man from Thais who had reached sexual maturity would go to the city of Metea to couple with a woman whom the temple priests had deemed worthy enough for the ritual. Once at the temple, both sacrifices would be bathed and cleansed, and kept separate until the next day. 

Sacrifices would be provided with temple priestesses instructed in the art of sexual arousal in both men and women alike. Three women would be assigned to both the man and the woman, to ready themselves for one another. For you see, the Metean female represented the goddess Selene in human form and would look favourably upon both Metea and Thais in exchange for extremely pleasurable sexual gratification.

Kyros tried to sleep that night, the temple quiet but his mind was frantic. What would the Metean girl look like? Would he please her? He had yet to even meet his temple priestesses and in preparation for the Pansélinos he had not released himself for a week. 

It was a trick that the temple priests told him of back in Thais. They had instructed him to stroke himself until he neared the edge and stop, in order to build up his divine milk. He had done this three times a day the week leading up to the Pansélinos and was amazed at the heft of his full and straining balls. The priests told him that the amount of milk that he produced would please Selene greatly if he followed their advice. 

What he had not anticipated was the sheer sensitivity of his cock. He'd caught sight of the slight peak of a slave girl's wine coloured nipple through her thin robe and felt the blood rush to his cock immediately, his balls trembling at the sight. 

Even now, all he wanted to do was grease his hand up with some olive oil and stroke his cock viciously until he emptied his balls of all the cream that was stored there. He absentmindedly began to slowly hump his bed covers but knew it would do him no good. He lay there, breathing deeply until the morning came.

---

In her temple chambers, Palegia groaned in deep frustration. Her nimble fingers pressed her thin robe between her legs, rubbing the somewhat coarse material between her womanly folds, trying to find it-

"Ah!" she gasped, rubbing the hardened nub once more, tightening her legs around her own fingers as she pressed, a tightening sensation building in her loins. She'd been sexually tense for the past week, a suggestion from the priests of the temple. Normally she would let her fingers slide over her slick lips, aching to touch her clit, her hips thrusting against her own hand as she came...

Rolling her slim body over, she moved her hands away and resolved herself to ever so slowly rub herself against the bundle of bedclothes under her hips as she struggled to slow her breathing. Palegia knew she couldn't allow herself release, not yet. It was all for Selene and Metea. She knew she had to control herself, only until tomorrow. 

The next morning she woke with her robe and sheets still pressed intimately in between her legs.

---

Kyros watched, eyes glossed over with lust as one 

of the Serene Temple priestesses, Phila toyed with his cock. Her tongue teased the puckered edge of the foreskin that still covered his sensitive head, her wet appendage occasionally dipping inside to touch his tip.

He was lying on a preparation bed, his hips near the edge so that Hebe, another priestess, had full access to his maddeningly full balls. Phila stood near his hips while Aris, his third priestess, stood near the head of the bed, massaging his chest and teasing his nipples, occasionally leaning forward and suckling from his hardened nubs, brushing her own exquisitely naked breasts against his lips.

All three girls were utter beauties, chosen for reason alone. Though they were of different sizes; Phila slim and petite, Hebe of average build and Aris, her glorious hips wide and full, all three had amazingly full and supple breasts. Their nipples were beautiful hardened peaks, little buttons that he wanted to suckle.

Each of them, according to temple and the Pansélinos rites had their womanly mounds shaved smooth, granting him the joy of being able to see just the slight pink nub peeking out from their lower lips, taunting him to touch them.

He had been shaved as well by a lovely young slip of a girl, no more than 18. She'd done her best to not arouse him too much, but seeing her there, delicately scraping the bone razor over his softest skin had raised him to half-mast. He'd mumbled some apology but she had only giggled and smiled, gripping and sliding her hand around his cock from root to tip, slightly tugging on him when she reached his head before turning and leaving.

Moaning, he resisted throwing his head back to peer down at Phila once more, her talented tongue slipping his foreskin over the head of his cock, already purple and swollen from a week of no release as well at their attention, and slowly slipped her lips over just the head. Kyros felt his hips roll in response, a small giggle coming from Aris above him. The press of his balls against cock was his only warning before he felt Hebe's warm flat tongue against his perineum, stroking the skin smooth as Aris leaned over and gentle teased his nipples with the tip of her tongue, ghosting over the erect flesh. Squeezing his eyes shut, he mouthed at the underside of Aris' breast, seeking her teat, the silky smooth weight against his mouth heavenly.

Phlia's mouth enveloped him, his cock sliding down her throat as her lips came into contact with the skin of his abdomen. He grunted loudly and his cock snapped back with a wet smack against his stomach; he'd very nearly released just then. Hebe lightly lapped at his perineum, feather light touches of her tongue.

He moaned in frustration, knowing it would be quite some time before the other sacrifice was to be ready.

---

Palegia was in utter bliss. In the Pansélinos room, she lay in an intricate harness that hung from the temple ceiling, meant to derive the most pleasure for the Selene sacrifices. The harness was made of the softest pure white silk that warmed under her as she reclined. A piece of silk held her back, slipping under her arms as another strip of silk cradled her hips. Two separate silk pieces held her knees and wrists captive, spreading her legs wide, opening her up to the world...

...which consisted of three of the most talented priestesses, readying her for sexual conquest.

Currently a sweet young girl named Calixte was coaxing a series of gasps and moans from Palegia's lips, her tongue lapping gently at her exposed clitoris, red and wet. Galena and Zelia, her other priestesses, were suckling from her breasts like new born babes, desperate to get a drop of milk, teeth lightly pulling on her overly sensitive buds.

Calixte began redoubling her efforts, her tongue bathing her whole womanhood in warmth, her tentative fingers prodding at her entrance. Palegia felt a smooth cool finger slide into her causing her to squeak in pleasure, her hips bucking upwards to meet Calixte's small thrusts. Soon she was moaning, the coil within her about to spring...

Calixte cruelly pulled her finger from her depths causing Palegia to cry out in frustration, her head falling back. Galena had stepped away, leaving Zelia to rub her erect nubs with the pads of her fingers. Palegia didn't know how much more she could stand; the three women had been arousing her, bring her so very close to the edge and stopping for what seemed like hours. She was beginning to feel like a caged animal, ready to pounce on the first person willing to grant her an orgasm.

She glanced over and saw one of the temple priests enter, three nude priestesses in tow - and the answer to her sexual prayers. The Thias sacrifice stood there, slim and muscular, one of the priestess's hands wrapped loosely around his cock, stroking slowly. Palegia actually licked her lips at the sight of that cock, hard and slick, ready to give her what she so desperately needed. 

Noticing his balls, she stared at them, massive and smooth hanging down causing the sensitive skin between the nuts and his cock to stretch in subtle folds. Palegia suddenly wished that he could enter her while she held herself up on her hand and knees, the feeling of those loaded balls hitting her clit in time with his powerful thrusts...

Moaning with desire, she fought helplessly with her restraints, eager to couple with the man. The party approached, the priest smiling at her futile efforts. "My child, you will have your reward soon enough," said the elder man, his eyes taking in her youthful glow as it travelled down the naked planes of her body. "I am here to oversee the Pansélinos and that it is done properly. Kyros, please, take your position."

Palegia watched as the young man – Kyros – was half led by the priestess, her hand still firmly wrapped around his massive cock, her thumb playing with his foreskin which hid his cock head from her. She guided him between Palegia's legs and she stared up at him, her face and chest flushed with excitement as she wanted nothing more than to touch him. 

He spread his legs wide and she realized that the priestess who had led him over was now kneeling between them, laving his smooth balls and taking them in her mouth, sucking them. Palegia watched in rapt fascination as Kyros' eyes rolled back in his head, his mouth dropped open with a grunt, his hips thrusting forward slightly, brushing against the outside of her womanly lips. 

She moaned at the brief accidental touch, fighting to throw her head back to watch his foreskin puckered cock as it slowly pumped the air above her lips.

A noise caught her attention and from the corner of the room, Palegia watched as Calixte and Zelia become wrapped around two of Kyros' priestesses; Calixte stood, cradling one of the women's heads as she suckled from her breast, her own fingers sliding back and forth between the slick wetness between her own legs and Zelia had the other girl pressed flat on her back, her legs straddling the girl's head as she slowly rode the girl's mouth while the priestess's fingers traced her own wet clitoris. 

Palegia felt her own inner muscles clench at the sight of such wanton sexuality, barely registering the drone of the priest's words as he presided over the rite about to happen. Galena's gossamer touch on her breasts brought her back from the orgy, her fingers lightly brushing her nipples, causing them to harden once more. She moaned, ready for Kyros to be in her, fill her.

"-and with the great goddess Selene, let the rite of Pansélinos begin." The priest's voice boomed out, echoing in the hall over the soft feminine moans from the corner. Palegia watched as Kyros moved closer, his hands finding the pale white flesh of her hips, his hands tan and rough, contrasting with her own skin. The priestess stood, her own hands coming up to tweak Kyros' nipples, darker against his already bronzed skin.

She watched in awe as he took his cock, and only now did she notice the slight upwards curve it had to it, and began to gently tease the honey soaked wetness of her lips with his foreskin covered head, the slight pucker grazing her overly sensitive clitoris, ripping a gasp from her lips. She gazed at him through heavy lidded eyes, his own wide at her reaction before smiling softly and repeating the action, maneuvering his cock head around her lips, brushing her clit harder and longer this time. 

Sucking air through her teeth in a slow burning hiss, she watched him pull his cock up, a long thread of her own womanly honey connecting them, dripping from the small collection inside his foreskin. He rolled the skin back as some of the lubrication flowed back down to her along the string while most dripped from the tip of his purple cock head, shiny and smooth.

"Please," she begged, trying to buck her hips, the silk resisting her movements. Instead, he reached down and pulled back the hood of her clitoris and touched his straining cock head to the small wet nub, her cry loud in the marble room. He continued to rub her clit a few more times before wetting his cock again with her soaked lips, and angling it at her entrance. 

Slowly he pressed into her, her body holding no resistance, however he was large and the tightness of her alone caused him to grunt in pleasure. She watched as he pressed more of himself in, feeling herself stretch deliciously around him, the curve of his cock rubbing against the front of her vagina as he moved. 

She moaned, trying to pull him in faster, earning her a grunt and a thrust, his cock deep inside of her, her womanly lips fitted nicely around the base of his cock, stretching to fit.

Pulling out slowly, Kyros watched as his dick slide out of her, wet and glistening in the lamp light. He gripped her hips and slide back in, gritting his teeth in pure pleasure of her tightness, her body gripping his sensitive head. He felt himself go, his body craving hers, pumping faster, instinctively. 

He looked over to see that Phila and Aris had distracted the priest, his robe already on the floor and reclining on a set of pillows as the two girls knelt between the man's legs, Aris making quick work of his small dick, her lips wrapped around it while Phila was taking on the man's wrinkly but huge balls. The man looked like he was in ecstasy. The other girls were entertaining one another with their fingers and mouths, a small orgy all around them.

Kyros glanced back down at Palegia, her full breasts bouncing with his every thrust. Her nipples were dark pink and large, little buttons adorning her chest. He suddenly wanted to see what they looked like with jewelry clinging to them, delicately gripping those fleshy nubs. Peering down, he caught sight of her other nub, dark pink as well as it peeked out from its hood, the surrounding skin smooth and pale. 

Slowing a bit to fondle her, his fingers tracing that smooth skin, brushing her clitoris. She gasped loudly, begging for more. How he wished to nurse from that nub, lap at her honeyed juices...

He picked up the pace once more, ramming into her relentlessly. A sigh slipped from her lips as she thrust her chest up, her head thrown back. He leaned forward and captured a nipple in his mouth, pulling and sucking, trying to elongate it with suction alone. She bucked hard against him and he grabbed her hips and stepped forward, pulling her up so that he could now lift her up and down on his cock. She moaned as this new position caused his cock to rub against the front of her vagina, and he redoubled his efforts, thrusting harder and faster.

"Please, Kyros, please... I just need..." she muttered, her head thrown back.

"Need what?" He asked around her nipple, massaging it with his tongue, his cock straining to release.

"Release, Kyros! Let me find that sweet sweet bliss, please!" Palegia groaned, gripping his cock inside of her.

He returned them to their previous position and began pounding her unmercifully, his hips jack hammering into her pelvis with a speed he didn't know he even possessed. And soon he could feel it, the tingle in his balls and the warmth in his cock. Her cries were become shorter and louder and he felt her clench, a great gasp coming from her before she began to moan, her hips continuing to buck. 

Liquid warmth ran down his legs and the gazed down in wonder, watching as his movements inside of her caused a spray of clear liquid to burst forth from her with each thrust, coating him from the waist down. The knowledge that he had done this to her did him in and he felt the white hot rush from his balls to his cock as he grunted, emptying himself into her. He kept pumping, jerking her body over his cock, using her to milk himself. 

He was suddenly grateful to the priests telling him to not release for a while, as it was the most amazing feeling he'd experienced, her body holding him tight, the flow coming from him almost unending. Kyros smiled to himself as he watched some of his cream begin to spill from her, falling with an ungraceful splat onto the marble floor. Reaching down, he pressed against her clitoris, causing her already trembling body to buck, pressing him deeper inside of her and expelling more of his seed. 

Palegia gazed up at him, her mouth open as she panted, her eyes glazed over in pure lust. "That was perfect," she muttered hoarsely, halfheartedly tugging at her restraints.

Kyros smiled at her and reached out to release her, burying his half flaccid cock inside her. She moaned as her arms were untied, then her legs as Kyros picked her up, her own legs wrapping around him. He moved them to a set of pillows and lay her down, rolling them over so that the straddled his hips. They kissed deeply as she began to rock her hips slowly, his cock beginning to harden once more.

He gazed up at her, a mischievous smile upon her lips and all he could do was thank the goddess Selene for this night.

---

Fin.