 Why do I always get stuck doing these kinds of things, after all, my older sister would be moving into granny's house now that granny had moved into the assisted living facility. Of course I knew the reason, granny was perfectly fine with allowing Eve to live in her house with her furniture, but she didn't trust her to leave her personal stuff alone. I hope that granny will leave the house to one of the family members who will treasure it as much as she does. But for now it would be occupied by my sister Eve. She's such a whore.

I spent a couple of hours searching the various rooms and collecting the items granny had included on the list, her jewelry was all in one place, and her papers were in a box underneath her bed, but the envelopes with money in them were stashed all over the house. The last item on the list was a box hidden in the nightstand. Once I finished sifting through the stuff in the drawer, without finding any box, I pulled both drawers completely out of the nightstand. There was a void underneath the bottom drawer containing a cedar box with a key for the lock. I sat the box on the nightstand then pushed the key into the lock and gave it a turn. When she opened the box and looked inside I saw a book that looked like it might be a diary, a small eyedropper, a small glass bottle with liquid inside. The liquid was cloudy with a small amount of residue settled at the bottom. I took the book and opened the front cover. Written on the inside of the front cover was a list of women's names, including granny's name. As I flipped through the pages in the diary I found entries from as long ago as 1832. These were sexual encounters that were written by different women with decades long gaps between some of the entries. Some writings were in a language I didn't recognize, other entries were written in Spanish and some were written in English. 

There was a piece of folded paper tucked in between pages near the middle of the diary. Written on the paper was the name Paq'o, everything else was written in that same unknown language used in the diary.

The last entry in the book was written by granny only ten years ago. Apparently the stories I had heard from family members through the years about granny's lifestyle were true.

I read portions of some of the passages, they were filled with references to Paq'o's potion and how the women were able to have sex as a man or as a woman after taking the potion. I decided that the potion must be an aphrodisiac and if Granny could take it and have this kind of hot sex, why can't I? So I decided that I would take a tiny amount of the potion to test the effect. I know it was a crazy thing to do.

~~~

Later that evening after I had showered and lay across my bed I started to feel horny so I began to rub between my legs. After several minutes of pleasuring myself, I started to feel a familiar sensation in my core, I could feel the heat and my juices were starting to flow, my clit became engorged and harden, yes this was definitely needed after a long day. Suddenly I felt something pressing against my hand, and it was getting bigger, oh my god, what is going on? I could not believe my eyes, my clit had grown to the size of a cock and was still growing right before my eyes. But it wasn't a cock it was my clit, now it was huge.

The shock of it all chilled my arousal and my clit began to return to its normal size. 

~~~

After I calmed down, I began to think about all the times I had wished I could know how it feels to have a cock. I thought of all the things I would do with it. Naturally the first thing I did was to jack-off.

~~~

When I felt my husband Mario crawl into bed later that night I snuggled up to his back with a naughty grin on my face, I placed little kisses on his neck, upper back and shoulders as I softly raked my fingernails over his arm while waiting to see if he wanted to play. I could feel blood rushing to my core, and Mario's hand on my thigh. I moved my hand to his stomach, lightly caressing him with the tips of my fingers. I pushed an arm underneath his neck and pressed my soft breast into his upper back. I gently bit his shoulder as my other hand moved down to his shaved mound above his swelling cock. I could feel my juices begin to flow and my soft pussy-lips becoming engorged but I didn't feel my cock growing yet. 

We had hot sex and my pussy orgasm twice, but my new cock did not get hard. I have seen Mario get another erection soon after he had cum, but apparently I can have only one erection per day.

~~~

Two days later, I was ready to tryout my cock again, going and entire day without sex was torture but if my cock got hard tonight going without was worth it. I was even tempted to take another dose of the potion, but I thought better of it, after all it looked like that bottle has lasted granny for many years. I watched the clock as I waited for my hubby to come home. 

As I lay across my bed watching porn on my laptop I thought of all the ways I could use my cock, I wanted it sucked, I wanted some ass and some pussy. The first item on the menu was hubby's mouth, I could feel tightness starting to build in my stomach and my clit began to throb, looks like its showtime tonight I thought. While I waited for Mario to come to bed, I looked at the big curved cock on my computer screen; I remembered that I haven't even measured my cock. Just as I was about to get a ruler out of my nightstand, Mario walked into the room and sat on the bed. He asked me what the rush was for him to come to bed. Do you want some more of big daddy tonight? I rolled my eyes and sighed. You're so lame; I said.

No silly I have a surprise for you, then I pulled back the covers, Mario's eyes panned down my voluptuous body until they reached my big shapely thighs, his jaw dropped open in amazement when I opened my legs, my cock was about three quarters chubby, and nearly as big as his. Mario asked me what the fuck is that. I grinned and said; it's my cock. I took some aphrodisiac potion that I found at granny's house. Mario didn't take his eyes off of my cock. Can I touch it; he asked, as he was already reaching for it. As soon as his fingers rubbed over it lightly, it became instantly hard, Mario looked up at me. I said; go ahead and hold it, it won't bite you. Mario slowly grasped it, and said; damn this feels like my cock feels. That goofy smile had not left his face since I pulled back the covers. I said go ahead, suck it, you know you want to. 

Mario looked at my cock again, and then looked into my eyes. I lay on my back and spread my legs. Mario licked his lips and said; o k. Then he climbed on the bed, got on his knees, leaned over and took my cock into his mouth. He was hesitant in the beginning, but with my encouragement he relaxed and began to suck my cock like an old pro. He alternated between licking my pussy and sucking my cock. It was obvious to me that he was enjoying it as much as I was, and I couldn't help but wonder if he had sucked a cock before. 

I allowed myself to enjoy the cock sucking and cunnilingus until I felt my pussy begin to spasm, I quickly pushed Mario away. I couldn't allow myself to cum and loose my erection before I could fuck his tight asshole. I took control, I surprised myself with how aggressive I had become now that I had a cock. I had Mario lay on his stomach while I used my fingers to play with his asshole; I even spit on his asshole like I had seen in porn, but decided spitting on him was gross. I mounted Mario and ground my cock against both of his ass cheeks, then I rubbed it along the crack of his ass, I felt him tense up. When I reached for the lube, I saw a frightened expression on his face. I put lube on my fingers and on his asshole, and started massaging his asshole with my slippery fingers to try to loosen him up. I was actually starting to think that he was going to go through with allowing me to fuck him. I got so excited until my cock began to throb and bounce with every heartbeat. Then I rubbed the head of my cock on his asshole and pushed forward. Mario jumped off of the bed, I laughed at his reaction, and tried to comfort him with sweet-talk, and promising him that I would be gentle the same as he is with me. He climbed back in bed and assumed the position again, but as soon as he felt my cock trying to enter his asshole he would squirm or move or start to get up, I finally just said forget it.

I told Mario he was too much of a pussy to take it in the ass. I promised to remember that the next time he wanted to fuck me in my ass. But he did fuck my pussy while I had a hard on. He was the hardest I have ever seen him when he was fucking me, he couldn't take his eyes off of my hard cock as his cock slid in and out of my pussy. He even took his cock and laid it next to mine to compare their size; I thought my cock was thicker than his. I had to admit that it was hot watching Mario's cock slide in and out of me while my own cock bounced every time he shoved his cock into my swollen pussy. 

Before I came, Mario sucked my dick a second time. I watched in awe as Mario performed deep throat on me with ease. All the while he was sucking me; he also had four fingers in my pussy massaging my g spot.

When I told him I was getting close to coming, he began to fuck me again; he was also jerking my cock in rhythm with his thrusts. The feeling was so intense until I had to ask him to stop several times before I finally came all over his cock.

As I drifted off to sleep, I wondered how big my cock would get, and who would be the lucky woman I would fuck? I couldn't wait to send dick pics to some of my online friends.

~~~

Over the next few weeks I also noticed that my desire for women was even stronger than it had been before I swallowed the potion. I had even had to hide my erection when out in public. 

~~~

Recently, I had a ladies night out with my friend Lea; I wore a pair of Mario's khakis, one of his starched white dress shirts, loafers and a baseball cap.

Lea and I were sitting at the bar people watching when I spotted the big boned and big breasted brunette. After we exchanged glances a few times during the night, I approached the busty brunette and started a conversation with her. I was surprised at how aggressive I felt as I talked with her. Hiya, I'm Jacy I said; as I stuck out my right hand to shake her hand.

Hey there, nice to meet you, I'm Kay; she said with a smile. 

What ya drinking; I asked.

Tequila of course; replied Kay with a giggle.

We talked while consuming two rounds from the bar, before taking to the dance floor. We stayed out there for several songs, swaying to the music as the sexual tension between us became more and more intense. When a slow song finally started as they always do, Kay paused then started to walk off the dance floor, I touched her forearm to stop her, and the two of us moved into each other's arms and quickly found each other's rhythm. I could feel the vibration of Kay's heart beat through her fluffy d-cups that were pressed against my own c-cups. Kay's curves and the scent of her perfume mixed with her natural fragrance was causing the unmistakable new sensation that now happens in my cock, my erection was growing and the expression on Kay's face and the question in her eyes said she felt it. 

Once the up tempo music resumed then we joined Lea at the bar for one more drink before it would be time for the three of us to return to reality and our husbands. After exchanging contact information with Kay, Lea and I headed for the parking lot.

~~~

As we walked across the dimly lit parking lot I wasn't ready for the night to end so I invited Kay to go for a ride with Lea and I. I suggested that Lea could drive and I climbed into the back seat with Kay. I asked Lea to drive to Ward Lake and back to the bar. Ward Lake is located just outside of town in a rural area. It would be dark and deserted out there. I didn't waste any time making my move. As soon as we drove out of the parking lot my right arm went around Kay's neck and I began to nuzzle her neck and give her little kisses before making my way to her mouth and pushing my tongue down her throat. My left hand moved along her hip, up her stomach, to her chest and gave her breasts a squeeze. Our kisses were filled with heat and passion.

I want you to suck my dick. I practically growled.

Those must have been the words she wanted to hear, she pulled back from me and reached for the button on my jeans and began to get into my pants, before pausing for a moment to squeeze my rock hard dick. I shifted slightly to make it easier for her to reach into my boy shorts and rub my cock. She grabbed my shaft and slowly stroked its full length several times. 

My big cock was throbbing and my pussy was wet. Kay buried her face in my lap; she played with my swollen pussy lips and kissed all over my pubic hair. She kissed her way up my pole, until she reached the head; she then moved her mouth up and down its full length several times before she changed to sucking and licking the head after it popped out of its foreskin. She alternated between sucking my entire dick and stimulating the head for a few minutes until I started rolling my hips and thrusting. After another minute or two of licking and sucking my pussy juice started to flow. She increased the amount of pressure on the head and maintained a constant up and down motion until I came hard.

I said: You suck dick good baby.

Kay sat up and look at me intently, then said; are you a man or a woman..

I jokingly responded; I'm both.

A short time later Lea pulled back into the parking lot and stopped beside Kay's vehicle, she got out of Lea's car and climbed into her own.

~~~

The next day I gave my granny a hug and a kiss on her forehead before taking a seat near her bed. After granny assured me that she was being looked after properly and she was doing fine, I pulled the box containing the old leather bound book and the container of potion out of my bag and sat it on my lap.

Granny I found this in one of your nightstands, what is this all about; I asked.

Granny looked at me for a long moment before she spoke. What do you mean, what is this all about; she asked.

I said; granny I opened the box and I've read some of what's in the book, and I also swallowed a drop of the potion.

Granny raised her right hand to her mouth and looked to be deep in thought; then she asked me what happened after I swallowed the potion.

I said; granny I grew a cock from my clit, and it's huge. It's nearly nine inches and super thick. And lately I have been feeling an overwhelming urge to have sex with both women and men. I hope you don't think badly of me but I liked women and men before I took the potion, but the desire I feel now is completely different.

Granny spoke in a whisper; then it's you, I kind of thought you might be the one.

The one what: I asked.

Hand me the book; said granny.

Jacy, I have something to tell you, and you have to keep it to yourself.

I said OK.

Jacy; said granny, you and I are descended from royal stock. Our ancestor was an Inca Chief who was born intersex.

She instructed her medicine man to cook up a brew that would break the spell and permit her to become female only. 

The potion had the opposite effect, instead of shrinking her over-sized clit to the size of a normal clit; it caused her clit to grow to the size of a large cock. The writings from Paq'o are the instruction for creating the potion. 

The Chief was so happy with her cock she decided to pass the secret potion to her female descendants. Paq'o enchanted the bottle so that only a female descendant possessing sexuality identical to that of the Chief could open it. 

By tradition the women, who have taken the potion entered the dates in the book when they were under its influence. Each woman wrote of her sexual exploits from both their point of view as a woman and as a man.

I'm no longer strong enough nor do I have the desire to use the potion. It is your time.

Jacy, in my opinion you are the first female descendant since me who has a strong enough sex-drive and good enough judgment to be in possession of the potion. It is your responsibility to identify the next of our female descendants to pass the potion to when you can no longer enjoy it.

~~~

I was anxious to get home and write about the hot sex Mario and I have had since I swallowed the potion, as well as that time I masturbated with my eight inch black dildo while showing my cock to the world on my webcam. And I blushed as I thought about the naughty ride out to Ward Lake with Lea and Kay. 

~~~

For the next few days I went about my normal routine, until the day I stopped by Carmen's house.

~~~

Just as I was about to back out of the driveway Carmen walked out of her garage carrying a big plastic trash bag filled with clothes. 

Hi Jacy; she said.

I smiled and said hi back to her. 

I tried hard not to stare at the sexy Latina woman intently. Even though she was nearing 40, she was still the same youthful and energetic person she had always been. She was curvier now, but she still had that radiant smile and her signature long jet-black hair that hung to the middle of her back. 

Carmen was the person from our town who made it big, she had been in a band with a group of guys when she was in college, and she had played piano and sax as well as provided vocals for the band. Their band had hit songs and toured nationally and internationally. They performed together until they all made enough money to allow each of them to do whatever they wanted with the rest of their lives. Carmen had moved back here and settled into a big house but not a rock and roll star kind of big. 

~~~

Carmen sat the bag on her driveway as she stood beside the driver's side door of my SUV, she had a towel around her neck and she was drenched in sweat

Jacy, how ya been, asked Carmen as she propped an arm on the door?

I've been alright, how have you been; I asked.

I've been great, thanks. I'm sorry about that; she said.

Sorry about what; I asked.

I was supposed to put those clothes outside of my garage for you to pickup, but I nearly forgot about it. I was on my treadmill; she said.

Oh, no worries; I said, as I inhaled Carmen's musky scent, which caused a surge of sexual energy to come from all parts of my body and converge in my clit. I could feel my cock begin to become engorged. I hoped I wasn't blushing.

Carmen paused for a second when her eyes briefly left mine; it was then that I remembered that my dress was hiked up past mid-thigh and from where Carmen was standing she could clearly see what was between my legs at the moment.

Carmen quickly regained eye contact and continued to talk.

I noticed that Carmen looked between my legs again before she headed back into the garage to get the other bag of clothes she was giving me to take to the women's shelter where I worked as a volunteer.

As soon as Carmen was out of sight, I looked down between my legs to check for what Carmen might have seen. My dress was pulled up far enough to expose my huge erection that was straining against my panties. Carmen had certainly seen my cock.

~~~

That night I received a text from Carmen saying that she had something else to give me if I could come by her house tomorrow. 

~~~

I pulled into Carmen's driveway, punched in the code that opened the garage door and went inside the house through the kitchen entrance. I turned on the coffee maker and made two cups of coffee. As I was sitting both cups on the breakfast counter Carmen walked into the kitchen wrapped in a thick terrycloth robe, and drying her long black hair with a huge towel. 

Hiya Jacy, thank you for doing that; said Carmen as she leaned in to kiss me on my cheek.
