 Hello, it's your humble omniscient narrator again. This guy Jon Thomas sure has a lot of people in his head. He has me working overtime trying to tell all their stories.

Here's the latest Passion play inspired by his friend Jacy, from Texas.

~~~

Jacy Etergen is descended from royal stock. Her ancestor was a female Inca Chief who was born intersex.

She instructed Paq'o, her medicine man to create a potion that would free her from her curse. He came up with a concoction that was supposed to break the spell and permit her to become female only. 

As all of us know, mixing potions is an inexact science, and not surprisingly Paq'o's home-brew had the opposite effect. Instead of shrinking her over-sized clit to a normal dimension; the potion caused it to develop a mind of its own and transform into a long thick cock whenever it wanted.

The lady Inca Chief was a size queen, and now that she was packing, she was so happy with her really big penis; she decided to pass the secret elixir to her female descendants. 

Paq'o enchanted the bottle so that only a female heir possessing a sexual nature identical to that of the Chief could open it. 

Jacy is the latest female Inca Princess since her granny who has a strong enough sex-drive, and good enough judgment to be able to open the enchanted bottle. 

The thing that none of the female Inca Chief's ancestors realized is, Paq'o mixed her blood in the potion; this allowed her to live within anyone who drinks it. 

She will live inside of Jacy until Jacy is no longer strong enough or have the desire to satisfy the lady Inca Chief's lust for pussy. At that point it will be her responsibility to find the next female heir to pass the potion on to.

~~~

It was Friday evening in the master bathroom at stately Etergen manor, on the quarter acre lot that served as their estate.

Jacy and her hubby Mario had just finished fucking. Now she was sitting on the commode letting his spunk drain out of her Cono, while he stood at the sink a few feet away from her washing his Polla.

A short time ago they'd finished an hour long session of bumping uglies. While they were humping they were also working each other into a frenzy, by talking about their favorite fantasy again. 

In it, Jacy played the role of the soccer mom, who was also a member of the P T A, and church choir. She had once again invited her dark black landscaper to plow her asshole with his big black cock, before emptying his nuts in her guts.

That particular scenario was more for Mario's pleasure than it was for hers. You see, the thing that always gets Mario the most fired up, is the thought of Jacy getting nailed by a big black dick. On the other hand, Jacy loves to make Mario happy, so she goes along with role-playing that she's getting stuffed to overflowing with ebony man-meat. 

What he didn't know though was every since she drank Paq'o's potion, the Inca Queen who lives inside her wants some pussy from time to time.

As she flexed her pucker to squeeze the last slender ropes of Mario's nut juice out of her dumper, she was hoping they'd find someone for both of them, during their weekend getaway in Dallas beginning the next morning.

~~~

A few hours later they were checking into their hotel, and Jacy had already resigned herself to taking one for the team. She was standing to Mario's left while he was dealing with the hotel check-in clerk. That was when it happened. She suddenly felt an uncontrollable desire to look at a studly looking guy sitting in the lobby. When she caught his eye she puckered her lips and sent a kiss in his direction, though she didn't know why she did it.

After the rugged looking man signaled his mutual interest with his eyes, she nudged Mario before leaning in closer and whispering to him. She said, "Baby I think I see the man for us. Don't look now, but he's the cowboy sitting over there at the bar. I've already made a connection with him."

~

Jethro Bodine was a ranch hand by trade. Yep they still exist in Texas. He was in town for a weekend of rest and relaxation, meaning he was going to a whorehouse to buy some pussy. For some unknown reason he'd been compelled to chill in the hotel lobby until it was time to head out to the cathouse. As his luck would have it, he'd just made eyes with a cute small town married lady. Based on the way she'd flirted with him, she was probably in the city with her hubby, to get down and dirty. If that was what they were looking for, he was the man for them.

He'd done it plenty times before. Women from the city often times have a romantic notion about rugged cowboys like him. The pencil dick husband usually wanted to watch their wife get fucked hard by a real man. The ones who weren't in denial would often times join in.

~

When Jacy and Mario headed for the elevator, she veered over to the bar for a second, to give Jethro a piece of paper with their room number written on it. As she walked away, she looked over her shoulder and said, "See you in an hour."

~

Jethro didn't acknowledge her, but he smiled to himself discreetly. She was cute, and he liked redheads. Especially the ones built for comfort like Jacy. They always seemed to be just a little bit dirtier in the sack. 

Her hubby was tall and wiry; those kinds of guys often times had a long thick pole. That was another reason Jethro preferred to come to town alone. He was a switch-hitter and he didn't need the other cowpokes on the ranch knowing his business.

The hour went by quickly for him, thanks in part to the shots of tequila he drank. By the time he was walking into the elevator and punching up their floor, Jethro's engine was primed and ready to roar.

~

At that moment up in Jacy and Mario's room, drinks had been made, and the lights were low. Mario was still fully dressed, but Jacy was wearing her sexiest panty and bra set underneath a lacey cover-up.

When the knock on the door echoed through the room, Jacy flashed a nervous smile at Mario as he went to let Jethro in. She loved feeling the flutter in her stomach just before a new lover would join them. She'd positioned herself on the side of the bed facing the door, so the first thing Jethro would see was those pale thick thighs of hers. 

As soon as Mario greeted him, Jethro walked into the room as though he owned the place. "Howdy partner," he said to Mario while tipping his oversized cowboy hat. Then he turned his attention to Jacy and smiled at her, before he tipped his hat again.

He was standing with his bow legs shoulder width apart. His strong delicate hands were on his hips. His doe eyes and slightly heart shaped face had a hint of femininity, even with a three day growth of stubble.

He looked deep into Jacy's eyes, and spoke in a somewhat feminine sounding voice that had some bass in it. "Howdy ma'am, Jethro Bodine at your service," he said.

Before the words had finished flowing past his lips, Jacy's smile froze, and her eyes bucked open, when she felt her clit-cock becoming a big thick schlong. She immediately thought to herself, "What the hell is going on? That's only supposed to happen when I'm about to lay some pipe in some woman's hot juicy slit."

She was jerked back to reality when Jethro said, "What can I do for you?" He was licking his lips and unbuttoning his shirt. He didn't know why, but he was feeling more macho than he ever had before. Of course there's always an exception to a rule, but this is no time to get philosophical.

As he slowly walked toward the bed he was tweaking his nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.

By the time he was standing in front of Jacy, her clit had grown into her eight inch long, impressively thick schmeckel. Her legs opened uncontrollably, unveiling her trouser snake straining against her undies.

Mario's facial expression was a cartoonish mixture of shock and surprise, when Jacy spread her legs. That big dong of hers was stretching her cute panties to the height of a circus tent. 

Oddly enough Jethro didn't bat an eye, and kept right on getting undressed. He shucked his flannel shirt and tossed it to Mario, and then said, "Make yourself useful, and help me out of my cowboy boots." 

He put a hand on a kneeling Mario's shoulder to balance himself as he pulled one boot off, and then the other. His feet were like his hands, they were more delicate than you'd expect a cowboy's to be.

A moment later he was standing inches away from Jacy wearing only his skinny leg jeans, while looking down at her with a cocky smirk on his face.

Mario was standing where he'd have a good view of Jacy's handiwork. He was unzipping his fly as Jacy undid Jethro's. He was planning to beat his meat senseless, while his schwanz loving wife serviced their guest.

When Jacy unbuttoned the last button on his button fly jeans and peeled them off of him, she let out an audible gasp before she could stop herself. Her big studly cowboy was wearing lacey pink panties, and the bulge underneath was shaped just like the plump mound of a vulva.

When she slid down his skivvies, she found a thick mane of neatly groomed pubic hair, surrounding a pair of thick coochie lips. 

What neither Jacy nor Jethro understood or realized was, it had been the power of Paq'o's potion that brought the transgender man, and chick with a dick together.

Meanwhile Mario couldn't believe what he was seeing. He suddenly felt unsteady on his feet, the shock and excitement of it all was nearly too much for his brain to comprehend. The manly dark skinned cowboy had a cooter, and his ample bodied redhead wife had the type of tally whacker he dreamed of watching fuck her.

The unveiling of Jethro's punani, together with the rise of Jacy's clit cock, had gotten Mario so excited; he almost had a spontaneous ejaculation.

A few minutes later the three of them were buck naked and lying on the bed together. Mario was leisurely touching himself in a most inappropriate way. If he'd done that to someone on public transportation, he would've gotten kicked in the nuts, and arrested.

At five foot nine, Jethro was shorter than Jacy, yet he was in the more dominant position, as they lay there embracing each other. He was all man in every way but one, and even down there, his clit was thick and over three inches long. He was grinding it against Jacy's leg while he tongue kissed her and played with her titties. 

The way he was controlling the situation, you would have thought he was the one packing eight inches of tube steak instead of Jacy. He sucked her breasts, and planted hot kisses around her face, neck, and shoulders. All the while his cunny was creaming and begging to be fucked, and so he climbed aboard Jacy and rode her. He was grinding his crotch on her, and bucking his hips. Even though she was the one with the shaft, he was the one doing the thrusting.

He put his arms behind her knees and put her in the full buck position. He squatted and then mounted at an angle that allowed him to long dick himself on Jacy's tool.

All the time Jethro was working her, Jacy was grinning from ear to ear. She couldn't believe her luck; she was getting fucked, at the same time she was getting some kitty.

Jethro was using his body as well as any man Jacy had ever been with. In fact if she wasn't seeing it was him, she'd swear it was Mario riding her. Jethro's rhythm was perfect, as he swiveled his hips every time he pushed his tunnel of love, down on Jacy's peter. Even though it looked like a massive pecker, it was really just her clit, and it was sending shivers of pleasure throughout her crotch. 

In the position Jacy was in, all she could do was use her hands to run them all over his body, and play with his own good sized clitty. It was the size of a big thumb, and as hard as a rock. When Jacy felt herself getting close to cuming, she started jacking Jethro off. Her ministrations of his big button were right on time and exactly what he needed. Soon he picked up his pace and they were both headed for that little death we all feel when we bust our nut.

After they'd both had the last orgasm of the many that had happened while they were fucking, both of them laid on the bed for a moment to gather themselves.

Meanwhile, Mario had shot a load a long time ago, and was already getting chubby again. He felt like he was in the twilight zone as he surveyed the scene in front of him. The visual was surreal; Jacy's curves looked womanly in spite of the log lying across her thigh. Jethro's toned muscular ebony body, with his broad shoulders and thick chest were in complete contrast to the pretty pussy between his legs.

Mario was use to Jacy's cock, besides a chick with a dick, kind of turned him on anyway. 

We all have our kinks, don't we? 

The problem he was trying to fight through where Jethro was concerned was that he looked so much like a man, in spite of having that cute little box.

While he was contemplating his next move Jacy had been eyeing him. She could almost hear the gears in his head creaking and grinding, as his mind tried to sort through the dilemma of whether or not he could stick his dick in a honey pot with a man attached to it. 

It's an acquired taste I guess.

While he was filibustering about what he was going to do, Jacy said to him, "You're taking too long to make up your mind, so I'll tell you what's going to happen. You're going to turn him over and get some of his poontang from behind, as soon as I'm finished with him." Then she lay on her stomach with her head between Jethro's legs, and took his clit-dick into her mouth. It wasn't long enough for her to bob up and down, so she sucked on it like it was a piece of hard candy.

She swished it around in her mouth until she'd gotten her fill of pussy juice, and then she sat her big pussy on it. In Cowgirl position she couldn't feel anything, so she reversed it. Now the angle was perfect for Jethro's stubby three and a half inch member to caress Jacy's g-spot.

Apparently the old adage that it's not the size of the boat, but the motion of the ocean has some truth to it. In this case you can also add that it matters who's steering the boat. Even though Jethro had a little dingy, he was able to bring Jacy off, over, and over, and over. When she'd cum all she could, she turned around, leaned down and kissed him on the mouth,. "Now turn over cowboy, and give my hubby some of your snapper," she said, while biting her lip.

As soon as Jethro was on his hands and knees Mario realized what a genius Jacy was. From the rearview Jethro's bottom looked like any other split-tail. Mario quickly forgot about the man above the waist and went to town on Jethro's nappy dugout.

He was working hard, and giving it all he had. He had decent length, but not as much girth as Jacy's big clit-dick, and she had left Jethro's fuck hole gaping open.

Regardless, Mario gave him a really good fucking, and Jethro came one last time when Mario shot his wad.

A short time after they'd all showered, Paq'o's potion went dormant again. Jethro was gentler now, and Jacy returned to being a sweet soccer mom. Mario's pervy side was well pleased and satisfied again, until the next time he'd want to watch Jacy fuck someone.

Jethro gave Jacy one last hug and a sweet kiss, before Mario walked him to the door, and gave him a handshake and a bro-hug before they said goodnight.