 Darkness gathers and innocence withers. Braya, brave barbarian of the Eastern Mountain clans, at once the destroyer of the vile Morgana and yet her savior, is possessed by the sorceress's spirit, enslaved to her designs as much as her lusts. At her side rides Morgana's sole surviving son, Melehan, lover of malice and murder, together they quest to claim Camelot's greatest artifact for one final confrontation... 

Braya and Melehan moved through the jungle ruins, her fur cloak doing little to keep the humid mists from drenching her enormous breasts in a sheen of moisture. Vine choked monuments, dedicated to mighty witches of the past, loomed high among the trees, yellowed to the afternoon sun.

Melehan stroked his stubbled chin, lost in contemplation. "Was it really wise decision to leave the king behind?"

"The wisest. He will hold the lands for us, and Sybilla will hold him for us." Braya spoke with an arrogance unbecoming of her self, Morgana's spirit and will having slowly subsumed more and more of what remained of the barbarian.

"A pile of rubble ruled by a buffoon and his new whore." said Melehan, untroubled by the long trek and horrid heat. "I look forward to the songs they'll make of them."

Their approach to Amazonia was in utter silence compared to the storm and fury they brought to Avalon. All of the Black Moon hung back in Camelot, like a viper poised to strike, while the venom worked its way silently to the heart of the jungle, unmarked and unnoticed by all.

Melehan brought his sometimes horse, sometimes confidante, Carnarent, behind him. The black stallion regarded its strange surroundings with great calm, its eyes both malefic and intelligent. Ahead the brush became less dense, the ill-kept road more prominent and clean.

A great, crumbling wall spread out before the trio, its edifices sculpted in the shape of voluptuous women, of stern features and muscular bearing, more akin to Braya and her barbaric people than the refined countenances of sorcery.

Below the wall loomed a gate, so high it made its guardians seem superfluous. Melehan smiled when he beheld them. They were as shapely as their surrounding statues, but made real in the flesh. Nubile hips and ripe breasts jutted from subtly muscled figures, their tanned legs and luscious thighs glowing like gold in the sunlight.

"They're shaped like she-Orcs... but without the absurd faces." said Melehan, already his lusts stirring as they drew nearer to the woman warriors.

Braya continued on, never averting her gaze from the Amazon that had stared her down once they came into view. "May they die like greenskins too. Dying in my sleep would be more glorious than falling to them." Mmmm, testy testy. Is that envy I hear? "The Amazons have no honor, sorceress. They are fickle and come by their power through magic alone..." Braya huffed, her voice quieting as they drew nearer to the guards. "They did not earn it."

The trio stopped before the two women when one said "Halt!"

The lead Amazon stomped forward. Melehan snickered at her haughty stride but did nothing to change his gaze from her ponderous bosom, overflowing from her notched leather tunic to showcase the golden round flesh of her cleavage.

The Amazon, being at least six feet tall, looked down on Braya, her face shadowed in her helmet. "Before discussing anything, tell your man pet to lower his impertinent gaze!"

Melehan laughed and palmed the hilt of his blade. "I will not."

The guard's eyebrows arched, her eyes like crystalline green fires. "You are in Amazonia... you will obey the law." 

"Will I? I rather think I'm on the bridge to Amazonia." Melehan regarded her with cruel lust, his face stretching into a grin. "And here the jungle rules..."

Braya stepped forward, forcing a smile. "Rest assured... warrior of Amazonia... he will follow all laws within the city." The Amazon's other companion eyed Braya's toned and curvaceous physique with a mix of condescension and desire.

The lead Amazon snapped her head back to Braya. "And what is your business in our Paradise?"

Deceit seethed in Braya's heart, and terror erupted when she realized Morgana spoke through her with her own voice. "To pay homage to the Lake. Its power is known from all over Camelot, from here to the Eastern Mountains!"

The sorceress's grip over her flesh had grown even more since their trials in Avalon.

The guard narrowed her eyes and then spun around, taking up a brisk pace. "Very well. Follow me. We will handle your horse." She looked over her shoulder at Braya, not noticing Melehan's rapt attention on her bulbous, round ass cheeks, bouncing with each step. "You will be held accountable for your man pet. Any violation of Her Law will be cause for gelding."

Braya glanced at Melehan.

"Understood."

***

Braya and Melehan were lead into the city by the Amazon who had accosted them at the gate, since introduced as Captain Honora. Melehan had long ceased staring at her magnificent buttocks, and let his eyes wander across the wonder and squalor of Amazonia.

Shattered ziggurats scraped the azure sky, wild trees burst out of toppled libraries while moss and vines strangled the yellowed stones. Cracked feminine statues possessed of hourglass physiques stood wrapped in white, orange and blue blossoms.

Amazons of unreal beauty and voluptuous form strode down every street, each adopting the haughty air of a goddess, which was only exacerbated by a parade of "hmphs!" as Melehan passed them by. Beyond their mountainous bosoms and the canyons of tender cleavage sprung from within, and past sculpted bellies and proud, swooping hips, trained a retinue behind each and every one.

Behind them scurried lesser, average women, of mortal height and beauty, always out of breath to catch up to the Amazon's powerful strides. From behind those women trailed men in white cloaks, pallid faced and of thin limb, many carrying heaps upon heaps of scrolls.

The only ones who walked besides the Amazon's themselves were other Amazons and hulking men with burly muscles that would put even the chiseled frames of Orcs to shame. Their faces were dull, foreheads broad and loped along the ground like apes.

Melehan snickered at the simpletons. They did nothing in return.

But others did notice.

From each crumbling roof was perched a construct of white, pearlescent armor, their plated visages and darkened brows reminded the prince of his father, The Black Knight. Not a bit of their flesh was revealed, each more bulky than even the Amazon's prized, muscle bound man pets. Glowing eyes glowered at Melehan's approach, their armored heads turning like a crop of hawks.

"The interior of the Palace of the Empress must never be seen by man eyes." said Captain Honora, her harsh voice breaking Melehan out of his concentration. Before them loomed the place in question, its pillars gleamed like polished coral, the roof, composed of a crystalline pyramid, captured the sun's brilliance but even its architectural genius was unable to withstand the ravages of time, sagging to the left of its center.

"Of course." said Braya, turning to Melehan. "Tend to the horse and we will meet somewhere more suitable." A dark cast came over her face for a moment, her voice shifting into a whisper. "Remember the plan, my son."

Melehan thumbed the demon head pendant around his neck, eyed the fanged pendant that lay between Braya's tight swells of cleavage and nodded.

Honora laughed. "No. We have Kamera, Mistress of Horses for that. Understand this, little man, there will not be a place you go unattended. We know your ways. You will never be alone."

Melehan smiled darkly, watching as the honey blonde Kamera came sauntering out of the palace, her sizable chest swaying from side to side. "Oh this suits me just fine, captain."

***

Kamera brought the tethered horse into the Empress's stables, marveling at its sinuous muscles and the odd intelligence exhibited through its inscrutable eyes. She giggled as it playfully licked her neck and hands, admiring the sheer power and majesty of the animal while she ran her hand through its mane. She could have sworn she saw the beast leering into her jiggling bosom until a dark, elegant voice interrupted her thoughts.

"Truly, a work of art is he not?"

Kamera spun around, startled at the appearance of the foreigner. "Oh yes, man lord... I didn't mean to dally with your horse-"

"Shhh... no need to explain, my girl." Melehan walked forward from the shadows, stroking the beast on the head. "He quite likes women..." He turned his head to Kamera, his piercing gaze forcing her to look down, "As do I." He grabbed her arm and pushed her against a stable gate, licking and kissing her neck.

The Amazon snarled, remembering herself and her proud heritage. "Mind your place, man beast!"

Melehan smiled. "I know my place well, wench... and it's above yours."

She struggled, groaning in his grasp as her breasts bounced and jiggled within her leather byrnie. "I'll tear your head off!" Her enchanted Amazon strength tested his own... but only for a moment, his will to conquer greater than her will to resist.

"Such fire! May the rest of you be as passionate!" He had a vice-like grip on her as he plundered her lips, moving down her vulnerable neck before kissing the swell of her pert globes. He tore her armor away from the sides, the lower straps snapping as her generous chest spilled out, while his own armored attire unraveled off his body like black mist, revealing his engorged cock, quivering and eager to sink itself into her moist slit.

The two fell down into the hay as he slid his shaft into her trembling body. "Rejoice slut! You will be among the first of your backward kind to taste this glory..." He sighed as he felt her warm sheathe eagerly wrap around his cock, her breath heavy as her own body betrayed her, drinking in the pleasure of her impalement.

"Let the dark claim you..." he hissed as his thrusting pace quickened, her outrage and terror giving way to forbidden pleasure, her sex moistening as desire roiled up through her core. She heard sibilant whispers at the edge of her hearing as the torch light in the stable flickered while pools of shadow built up in dark corners. She let loose a sharp moan as he buried his face into her bouncing breasts, her voice barely audible over the terrified neighing of the horses.

Melehan's eyes flared into brilliant violet orbs while shadows coiled beneath his skin, intense arousal having revealed his true nature. Kamera looked into his lustful stare, her body caught in a tug of war of desire and panic as tears streamed from her eyes. His nerves were awash in pleasure as he channeled his inner darkness into her. Tingles rushed down her spine and her body eagerly received the magical sensations; goosebumps spread across her arms while she arched her back.

She felt snake-like tendrils of evil writhing through her veins, dancing up her thighs and caressing her belly, her mind melting underneath the dark prince's touch. She mewed with pleasure as his defiling touch tempted her to give in and surrender everything to his order, his Black Moon. She had memories and love for her Empress, for simple pleasures back in the palace, but she climaxed violently, unable to resist the corrupting surges of euphoria.

Her pussy spasmed as her muscles grasped around his invading organ, her body eager for its own damnation. She moaned in surrender, her contracting sex gripping and releasing her violator with impassioned throbs. Melehan mashed his hands onto her swaying tits, his fingers squeezing around their softness and slammed himself as deep as possible. He growled and his manhood jetted thick ropes of dark seed into her hot depths.

Her toes curled and her fingers crunched around straw; her mouth opened in soundless ecstasy. Soft hips bucked like a whore gone berserk, ravaged by a chain of unholy orgasms while her purity was burned away before the prince's insatiable lust. The prince mashed into her lips, sucking on her tongue as she kissed back, lost in the sensation of feeling his rhythmic pulses of corrupting seed rush and seethe into her vulnerable womb and spirit.

His evil burned through her, twisting her from the inside while her blood boiled with infernal lust, her body remolded as a servant of darkness. She pulled away from his lips as she was overcome with the tingling pleasures of her change. Skin tingled as her golden complexion faded and a pale cast took its place, her ass cheeks rounding out even more in the prince's groping hands, filling up his palms by the second. She sighed with content and her eyes turned as black as coal before radiating with the same enchanted violet light as her master.

He kissed her still, their raging passions calmed. The two moved as long lost lovers. Kamera welcomed her new master, holding down his muscled back as she let her soft breasts squeeze and press out onto his chest. Her lewd moans grew muffled between their mouths. She writhed underneath him, her shapely belly contorting like a snake, until he pulled away. A disappointed whimper peeped from her lips.

Prince Melehan sat back, taking his cock out of her as he relaxed for a moment. He looked over his first convert. Her skin was chalk white, like a woman dipped in alabaster, her honey blonde tresses had turned midnight black, and if he looked closely, he thought he could see frothing puddles of corruption in her hair, like a broiling cauldron. All the while her sculpted, pouting breasts heaved in the dim light, ivory globes glistening with perspiration as her lavender eyes stared ahead, lips curling into a wicked smile.

"Well then... we're off to a good start." He spared a playful squeeze on her moist breasts before standing up, letting a dark mist settle on him as it solidified into a solid clothes. "My mistress rewards those who serve. Spread her will, her darkness and you shall have all that you desire."

Kamera looked up at him adoringly with a grin, pleased that this strange man had shown her the truth of life. "Yesss master..." Her supple thighs were still damp from their corrupting union, but with a simple thought she was able to summon grasping, sinuous and smoky tendrils from her loins, the etheric essence of the evil that now coiled through her being. "By your will."

***

"It is by my will and my will alone that the denizens of our great land even draw breath, much less toil and thrive." said Empress Cella from atop her throne, its velvet cushioned back and gold gilded lion armrests overshadowed in opulence by its occupant. Cella was more dressed than her fellow Amazons, but still no less revealing.

Amber curls flowed down golden shoulders, framing a face for dreams. High cheekbones stood out in the wavering torchlight, a gentle chin and a refined a nose centered her visage, her heavy lidded eyes as emerald as the surrounding jungle.

Beneath a perfectly formed neck pouted two equally well formed breasts, mammoth in size, their roundness accented with a dusting of shimmering sparkles and a necklace of silver strands and diamonds smothered between her luscious globes.

Her royal sarong, blue and bright, brought out her sun gold complexion and highlighted the line and curve of her sculpted legs. Draped in pearls as white as moon and feathers as pale as bone, she was at the cross roads between noble and savage.

"Your domain is mighty, great queen." said Braya, taking a quick sip from her wine goblet as the other Amazon royals and priestesses at the table beheld her with cold and silent glares. Don't make me laugh, Braya. Even when my glories were still building, the lands I possessed dwarfed this little spit of jungle dirt they have the nerve to call 'great'.

"But as for your request... nothing can be certain. There is another that requests that honor..." The Empress eyed Braya deeply, "one that is more worthy of it, in blood and deed." She inclined her head to the right side of the gigantic table.

Over rows of buxom and resplendent warrior goddesses, sat one beauty at a dark corner, her face shadowed by a pointy hat, her heavy breasts like billowing globes, soft as satin and as dark as copper. The woman's face split into a grin when it met Braya's weary eyes.

Levina.

"A witch." said Braya, her voice hollow.

The Empress smirked. "Yes, very astute. Levina came weeks ago and has helped us immeasurably. Given me divinations more clear than our own priestesses..." The Priestesses of the Goddess visibly bristled at the remark, a sea of voluptuous bodies draped in cerulean silk shivering with bitterness. "... slew the Ogres of the Green Fen. Prevented three assassination attempts from the new Black Moon warlord that rises in the east."

I made no such order. Already the demon bitch readies her puppet.

The Empress continued, her long and bejeweled fingers glittering in the light as much as the thin sterling necklaces that plunged into her succulent valley of cleavage. "She has... given value, you see..." She flashed an adoring smile at the busty witch, who bowed in turn, before turning back to Braya, "before taking value."

Braya stared at Levina with barely concealed hate, her broad barbarian face assuming a cold and distant cast. "The witch is generous, your majesty." She took another sip of her wine goblet, not once taking her eyes off Levina.

Empress Cella rested her delicate chin on a lone finger. "Hmm. Are all barbarians from the east as sparing with their words, or is it just you? Because even now, I am beginning to doubt the purpose of your visit here-"

The warrior sighed loudly and then said under her breath "I can play this no longer..." Braya stood up from her seat, knocking over her goblet and rattling plates. "No, Empress of Amazons, when the mountain folk speak, it is for good reason, not idle flattery!"

Cella convulsed within her throne, her gigantic tits jiggling to her outrage. "WHAT!?"

Yes, what indeed. I knew I shouldn't have let you have your own tongue.

"You will not have me treat with these jungle harlots as equals, sorceress..." said Braya to herself, before looking back to the Empress. All the table was in a roar, the venom held in their glances and stares unleashed in a tidal wave of insults. Still, Braya spoke over them. "I would still see your Lake, Empress!"

Anger turned to laughter. Knights in pale plate had meanwhile entered the room, swords drawn, advancing towards Braya. Empress Cella laughed deeply. "Oh the nerve of you outlanders. All of you besmirched and stricken by the spiritual excesses of men and you most of all, with your... your arrogance!"

Braya roared and drew her blade and smashed the table. "My arrogance? What of yours, Empress? I've seen slaves before, but never in so called paradise, never so many of my own sisters, held in shackles by their own kind-"

"LOOK!" shrieked the Empress, wagging her finger at Braya's blade. "Look how she is overcome by man rage! Infected I say! She must be purged!"

"PURGED!" cried the Amazons in unison.

Empress Cella leaped down from her throne and marched over to the main table, her impressive height casting a long shadow over all. "And I shall kill you myself, savage bitch!"

The knights took Braya to the ground, disarming her as she grit her teeth. Beneath all their notice however, was the beginning swirls of violet light that spun in her irises.

Oh my pet... you may just get the death you crave... and I, something more...

***

Melehan slumped down into his chair with delight as Kamera bobbed on his cock. Her great, massive globes pressed around his hardness, each silken thrust punctuated with a wet slurp from her plush lips.

She was now quite unlike her sisters. Of night black hair and creamy skin, she resembled a Black Moon witch from the height of that accursed order's power, but far more muscled and robust than they in their prime.
