 Alex

Standing in the doorway to Elise's house, I drank in the sight of her. She was slightly tan, more so than usual for winter, and she looked incredible in her black stretch pants and form-fitting purple turtleneck sweater. I had missed her while away at college. Winter break had arrived, and the first thing I had done after greeting my folks was to call her. 

Now, as I looked across at her, eyes level with her chin, I felt a slight stab of betrayal. The thought that my best friend would soon become like the rest of the infected was almost too much to bear. After seeing the look on my face, she moved forward to wrap me in a hug. Despite her new size, she felt like the same warm friend. We had never been more than that, though I suspected she might have obliged if I felt so inclined. I cared for her deeply, but if I were honest, she had never been my type physically. 

Elise had always been beautiful, with thick, dirty blond hair that she liked to wear in a high ponytail, big brown eyes the color of dark chocolate, a patrician nose, and enough thickness in her lips to make a man quiver with excitement. The rest of her, however, was a little too athletic and slim for my tastes. Romance notwithstanding, we'd been each other's closest friends ever since her parents had moved into town in the third grade.

When she pulled me in close for a hug, I couldn't help noticing a lovely scent. A clean, floral smell. It was subtle, unlike perfume, but just as intoxicating. Had she always smelled so good?

"You're back!" she squealed. Elise lingered in the hug a bit longer than usual and brought her cheek to rest against my temple. 

"It's been lonely here without you. You don't know what it's like going through the changes." 

Elise had been living at home while attending a local private college. Pulling me by the hand, she took us into the house. 

"Well, I guess we have a lot of catching up to do", she said over her shoulder, grinning. As she walked, I checked her out from behind. Last fall, she had been about average height for a woman - 5 foot 5 inches. What struck me now, as she walked sinuously down the hall, was not just her change in height, but form as well. The noticeable muscle of her calves was clear through her sheer stretch pants, where they had been faint before. Though she had been athletic growing up, attracting plenty of male attention, her new look was altogether slightly more...curvy. She now had hips I didn't recall, and though her ass had always been sexy with a perfect heart shape, now it was slightly fuller. When we had hugged earlier, I couldn't help noticing she had filled out up top as well. Sue me, but I'm a boob guy - a fact Elise knew about me, to my eternal shame -- I'd always pegged her for a large A or possibly small B cup. But now...yeah. What mashed up against my chest during our embrace was certainly not a B cup. All in all, I had to admit that Elise was no longer the twiggy girl I remembered.

She brought me out of my thoughts by looking over her shoulder as she walked. My eyes darted back up to her face. Busted! She smirked and goaded me, "So, you'll have to tell me all about your college girls. I'm sure I'm not the only one with stories!" 

We arrived in the family room and sat on the couch. "Shoot, where are my manners?" Elise sprang up almost immediately and went to the kitchen for a drink. "Want something?" she shouted.

"No, thanks."

"My parents aren't home, but they'll no doubt want to grill you later on your first semester at college." 

Setting her drink on the end table, and flounced down next to me on the couch. She sat so close that our thighs touched, and I couldn't help comparing -- hers slightly eclipsing mine in length. It was a little intimidating to see my previously-much-smaller friend this way. Now that we were close, I caught another whiff of her scent. 

"So, spill it. What have you been up to?" she said, slapping her hand on my thigh to punctuate her question. I eyed her as she left it there. 

She never used to be this touchy-feely. Could that be the virus? Maybe she was just lonely. Anyone would be, facing the kind of rejection she undoubtedly had been. That was probably it.

"Ok, so why didn't you tell me on the phone?" I asked. Growing up as neighbors, we had shared everything with one another.

"What, and have my best friend reject me because I'm turning into one of those freaks? The changes are bad enough, and seeing the fear in people's eyes when I go into public." 

Eyes downcast, she muttered, "You don't know what it's like... I couldn't stand losing your friendship." She was clearly nervous, hoping for some word of encouragement. 

"Remember Billy Statnik?" she asked.

"Yeah, why?" I thought about the reserved guy in our senior class the year before who had clearly had a thing for her. Billy was on the short side for a guy at about 5 foot 8 inches, but he was pleasant, and probably not a bad match for Elise.

"He stayed local after high school, and I finally agreed to go out with him when he asked me out a few months ago. When I became infected, he was very supportive...until I started growing. He liked some of the changes" she said, holding her hands up to indicate her chest. 

"Once I grew taller than him, however, he quickly changed his mind about me." Pain crossed her features again. "It's bad enough when the body you've known since puberty starts changing dramatically. It's so much worse when the people you rely on reject you because of it. I've been missing your friendship a lot. She gave my leg a little squeeze. 

"I don't want anything to come between us." She looked back up into my eyes, hopeful and vulnerable.

"El, come on. You know you could never lose my friendship. And, if you hadn't noticed, 'those freaks' are becoming more and more common. There are many of them in my classes at school. There seem to be more every month. You know there's no cure for the disease. It's lucky they found a way to at least mutate it to be non-fatal. In some ways it's actually beneficial. I mean, look at you. Sure, you're taller, but it's turning you into a complete stunner!"

Elise blushed and looked at the cushion of the couch. "I guess I can't say it's been all bad." 

"Do you want to talk about it? Some of the lectures in my intro pre-med course this semester have covered the virus. Although it affects people differently, as I'm sure you're aware, I might at least be able to help you understand the things you're going through." I was trying my best to radiate a cheerful demeanor, and from her warm smile, it seemed to be working. 

Did she always look this captivating? Was that eyeliner? That couldn't be right...Elise never wore makeup. Still, now that we had locked eyes, I almost had trouble keeping my train of thought. I felt my heart start to beat faster. I shook my head to clear my mind.

Some recognition dawned in her eyes and Elise shuffled over a foot or two on the couch nervously. "I'm sorry. Are you feeling OK? The doctor said I affect some guys in strange ways when I get close."

Since she had relocated on the couch, my awareness of her dialed back a bit. For some reason that disappointed me. There was something stimulating about her look that spoke directly to my instincts.

I nodded. "Right. Yes, I'm fine. We did learn something about that.

OK, so tell me everything. When did you catch it? What kind of symptoms have you had? How are your parents taking it? Details." 

"Actually, we're pretty sure I caught it from Billy. Like most men, he never even knew he had it. I'm sure you know better than most that males and females react to the virus differently."

"So what other symptoms are you showing?" I pressed.

"We've done nothing but talk about me! What about you? Besides, most of the stuff is pretty... um, embarrassing."

"Come on Elise, we've been best friends forever, and you know I'm fascinated by this stuff. Just imagine I'm a doctor." I smirked, miming a professional demeanor, "doctor-patient confidentiality, and all that." It felt good to talk to Elise face to face again. Her presence was cathartic.

She grinned. "Well, alright. I suppose you are training to be a doctor, right?

The first signs were awful. I don't know why, but at random times of the day I would suddenly feel hot all over. I felt an aching in my boobs, and...this is hard to say...I would...uh...come."

She rushed on defensively, "It's not like I was touching myself, or even thinking dirty thoughts! They came on completely without warning, sometimes right in the middle of class. I tried to hide it, of course, but it still looks a little weird when I'm sitting there panting, bent over, staring at my desk with my legs clenched"

Picturing that, I started to get a little flushed again.

"None of the other students noticed, I don't think, but I guess they train the professors to look for signs now that the virus is spreading. My English professor suggested I get tested by a doctor. Not long after, I was officially diagnosed with it."

"God, I'm so sorry. It must have been difficult for you. I wish you had told me about it on the phone. I'm sure it would have been nice to be able to tell someone other than your parents and boyfriend."

"Yes, but that's not the worst of it. When I would...you know, it left me feeling even more needy after it finished. Sometimes, when I'm alone, I try to, um...relieve the feeling, if you know what I mean, but it never helps. It's like I can't get enough. I feel like my body is out of control. It passes in an hour or so, but you can't imagine the embarrassment. There's no telling when they will happen, but I get one every few days, on average."

"So how did the growth start?" I prompted, trying to hide my growing excitement. 

"Speaking of that, how tall are you now? I'm about 6 foot, and you've got to be several inches taller than me."

"Yesterday I measured 6 foot 5 inches."

"Wow" Tall women had always been beautiful to me. Slightly intimidating, but there was an underlying sexuality about the intimidation.

"Yeah, the growth surges started about a month and a half ago. I got the first of them after a particularly intense orgasm. I've had four so far, each time I grow two to three inches."

"Are they painful?"

"Not really. There's a pressure all over, but no pain, exactly. The first time I was wearing a pair of skinny jeans, so my growth did cause my pants to become painfully tight. Since then I've taken to wearing stretch or sweat pants all the time. There's no way to know when I'll grow again."

"And what about the...other changes?" I asked timidly. 

"Oh, you mean these?" She cupped her breasts with her hands and hefted them, giving me a saucy look. "I thought you might like these. Alex the boob man." The way she said it, with a smirk, was a side of her I hadn't seen. Was she teasing me?

She got up from the couch, swayed her hips one way then the other in a bit of a fake strut, and turned around to give me a bit of a show. "Yes, well, as I said, not all the changes have been negative."

I was having a hard time thinking straight now. Overpowering wafts of the same clean, floral fragrance I smelled on her earlier assaulted me now. As before, the effect was intoxicating, and the stronger they came, the more trouble I had focusing on what she was saying. It was very difficult to look away from her new body. Oddly enough, though I felt uncomfortable checking out my best (and, I reminded myself, platonic) friend, she didn't seem bothered by my lingering gaze. We had never been sexual, but had talked about our experiences with each other, so the subject was not verboten between us.

As she sat back down, I tried to focus again.

"So I get that you're getting taller, and that you're...uh, filling out in a really good way, but are you suffering any other effects?" 

"You think I'm sexy?" she said, blushing this time. "That's so sweet! I always thought I wasn't your type"

Right; that. 

"Well, I've always thought you were beautiful, but I confess that I thought we were better friends than lovers. I don't know what's wrong with me, but I have to admit that right this second, I'm having trouble imagining you as anything other than a desirable woman."

"Well, I...nnnnnnngghhh" She cut off, doubling over on the couch in what looked like intense pain. 

"Oooooohh....not....now." Her muscles tensed, and I could see them bunching up under the stretchy material of her pants. Her hands were clenched on her knees, knuckles white from the effort to control the sensation. 

I just about lost it watching this statuesque vixen having the orgasm of her life right in front of me. But we were best friends, and that mattered most. 

"Should I go? I mean, I don't want to leave you if you need my help or something, but if you're more comfortable alone, I completely understand." 

My body fought my noble intentions as I said this. I knew I should give her privacy and look away, but I was entranced. My face was on fire now, and I felt a wetness in my boxer shorts where a bit of pre-cum was leaking from my rapidly growing member. 

Elise sat, her breathing shallow but intense, for several moments. Finally, she responded in a small voice, "Don't go. Please. Stay with me." Her trembling hand lighted on my leg as she looked into my eyes.

I shook, trying to master myself. I'd never seen her like this, and feared that what I wanted to do would ruin our friendship forever. But her body language screamed of raw, uncut desire. Her hips tilted slightly, moving reflexively against some unseen partner; her back arched, pressing into the couch. Eyes lidded with pleasure. Lips red and full. Inviting. 

The second another waft of her smell hit me. My super ego quit and turned over the helm to my Id. Leaning over, I put my arms around her and kissed her. Lips touching hers, I noticed that they were every bit as soft as I imagined they could be. But this was no lover's first kiss; I ground into her, mashing our lips with a fury ignited by the fire in my loins. It felt electric.

Elise moaned, reaching up to hold me at the back of my head and pull me to her more forcefully. She bit my lip lightly, hungrily devouring my tongue with her own. After what seemed like an eternity, she could apparently stand no more. The kiss broke off and she stood, pulling me by the hands. I had to lean over in an attempt to hide my now massive erection. 

Elise was about to turn when she noticed my predicament and smiled. "Hmm, so yeah, not all bad." 

As she turned again toward the stairs, her warm, smooth hand enfolded mine. "Let's take this upstairs. My parents should be gone for a while, but it's best to be safe," she breathed.

It almost physically pained me to relinquish her touch, but I followed sedately at the promise of bliss yet to come.

Each swing of her hips was a sweet elixir drawing me forward. It took every ounce of willpower to refrain from grabbing her as she ascended the stairs, the glorious form of her ass teased me mercilessly as she used every fiber of her sublimely feminine form to climb them seductively. 

I caught the aroma of something slightly different now. The floral scent was masked by something...earthy. Looking at her, I remembered that she told me how horny she had felt after the orgasms, thinking she must be feeling this way now, and wondering if that was linked to the earthy notes. I couldn't help but look for signs of it. It was difficult to tell, but a dark spot appeared to be a wetness that had wicked through the thin material of her pants and panties. If that was true, she must have been absolutely drenched. Desire throbbed in me, driving me wild.

Finally reaching her bedroom, it was just as I remembered it, save the large king bed that had taken the place of her double. I looked at Elise inquiringly. 

"My parents had to buy me something bigger when they realized the growth were not likely to stop any time soon."

"Oh, right," I said, remembering that all infected women eventually reached a height between 9 and 12 feet. At least, they all had so far. 

She shut her door, locked it, and turned, stepping close enough that I could smell her acutely. Almost mad with lust, I realized I was committed. If what she felt was like this, my admiration for her self-restraint had just gone way up. She grabbed my hands with hers. I had only a moment to note that they were now larger but slenderer and more delicate than mine before she drew them to her the cheeks of her ass. I reveled in the feel of her perfect form. The play of her toned muscles as she shifted evident through the sheer material of her clothes. 

"Any second now," she whispered down into my ear.

"Any second now, what?" I asked, focused more on massaging the perfection that was the back side of her. My hands roamed, caressing the upper parts of her hamstrings and feeling tautness there too. Her size belied her incredibly feminine form.

"Uuuuuuuuggghhhhhhhhhhh" she moaned as she closed her eyes. The sound coming from deep within her.

"Thiiiisssss."

As she said it, she started to grow. She wrapped her hands around my back and pressed me to her firmly, grinding her crotch into my upper pubic area and lower stomach. As if she were climbing, I felt her perfect ass within my cupped hands actually enlarge slightly and rise with her lengthening legs. The stretchy material of her pants and sweater expanded as she panted and moaned. Pressed against her so tightly, I felt her breasts swell and push me away from her ever so slightly as she ground them into my chest. It took only moments, but she was noticeably taller now. Whereas I was eye-level with her chin before, now I stared straight at the middle of her neck. I looked up into her eyes, which were still heavy from euphoria.

Elise finally came back to the moment and loosened her tight embrace. "Sorry, was I too rough?"

Though aching a bit where she had squeezed, not knowing her burgeoning strength, my libido raged in such a torrent that the pain seemed distant. Taking a deep breath and looking up at her eyes, I smiled. She looked down like an angel, beaming at me in excitement. 

"It's so good to be able to share that with someone." she said. "Especially my best friend." 

I took a step back to take all of her in. "That wasn't just 2-3 inches," I said skeptically. "You must be at least 4-5 inches taller than you were"

"No, that one felt different.... Better," she said, still shuddering. I devoured her with my eyes, taking in each little detail; the perfect length and shape of her legs, the heavy curve of her breasts and hips. 

As she grabbed my hands with hers, I realized that they had grown as well. Holding my palm against hers for a moment, I compared. Her fingers were a good inch longer than mine, though still superbly feminine. 

She looked down at me adoringly, demurely asking, "Can you help me with these clothes? Even stretchy clothing can be pretty uncomfortable when it's this small."

Only too happy to oblige, I pulled the bottom of the sweater up over her head as she lifted her arms. I struggled a bit to reach with her arms fully extended, but managed it with her help. As I discarded the sweater, I looked back at her chest. She was wearing a sports bra, presumably for its stretchy quality, which her breasts now overflowed, seeking escape in every direction. She helped to free her heavy breasts by pulling the too-tight top over her head and throwing it aside. "I think you might like these" she said with a wicked smile. 

I was floored. Elise had looked bigger than when I last saw her, of course -- I felt that as we hugged, but these...these were the most incredible pair of breasts I'd ever seen. What would have likely been a healthy D cup on a normal woman was now magnified by Elise's stature, and what resulted was truly magnificent in proportion. 
