  Alex "You see this one on the left?" I nodded, intently scrutinizing the image of an array of cilia under high magnification Dr. Dodbele was regarding. "These are the pheromone receptors of a human female that has been infected with the virus. Here..." he cut off, pulling out another image. "...are the same receptors ones from a healthy, uninfected woman."  I goggled at the juxtaposition; the difference was remarkable. The first image showed chemical receptors that were an order of magnitude larger than those found in the second. The color of the tissue surrounding them was also flushed, I assumed from increased blood flow. He continued, "My research indicates that is not the only contributing factor." Sliding out several more magnified images on the desk, he selected two and set them next to one another. "As you recall, I collected samples of your pheromones in multiple scenarios. This was done using swabs taken from your sweat while subjecting you to a series of stimuli. I prepared and analyzed these samples using a gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer. Here are the mass spectra from these samples."  There were at least a half dozen charts with spikey lines on a Cartesian graph. Each was labeled with an emotion, except one -- that indicated "UNINFECTED MALE" at the far right of the series. "Each of these spectra correspond to a particular stimulus you were exposed to. These stimuli roughly correlate to an emotional state, to the extent that peer-reviewed medical journals have been able to discern." I must have looked confused, because I was. It looked like a lot of squiggly lines.  "See these?" He indicated some of the peaks on the spectra.  Nod.  "Those are mass lines that indicate the presence of a particular chemical element or molecule." He pointed to one above the number 32. "This one is oxygen, for example." He slid the chart with the word "AROUSED" at the top next to the one on the far right. Sitting side-by-side, the disparity was immediately obvious -- the one for my aroused state had two pronounced lines to the far right, indicating some complex molecules that were present in my sweat and not in that of the normal male. Wow, this was pretty cool stuff.  I was eager to demonstrate my understanding.  "So, I take it these compounds are the pheromones I'm emitting?" I pointed to the two lines on the right that were absent in the other spectrum. "Exactly" he grinned. "You catch on quick." Then he arranged several of the emotional states in a row -- AROUSED, ANGRY, INJURED, HAPPY, CONTENT, DEPRESSED. Each subsequent chart showed the same two lines, but with generally diminishing intensity.  I asked the obvious, "So then, if these are correct, my pheromone output is linked to my emotional state?" "Right again." His eyes twinkled. "What's interesting here is that there may be a way for you to actively control the intensity of your emissions. That is, assuming you can control your emotions." Woah. I thought of the implications. So, lust causes my body to create pheromones at an accelerated rate, engendering a proclivity for sex in female infected, which reinforces my emotional state, leading to an even higher pheromone concentration... A classic reinforcing cycle.  Now it made sense -- sometimes I felt like an animal around Elise when we were physical. Other times, when she was tender with me, my passion was more of a smolder than an inferno. "Professor" I said, my mind working to make the next deductive leap. "What about the aggregate effect of multiple sexual partners on my pheromone output? As I mentioned, I've been told that this is increased with each infected partner I take." "Hmm, interesting." He turned, pondering to himself. "While I have no evidence at this time to support a theory, the only reasonable hypothesis would be that intercourse with infected women is acting to increase your pheromone output, so I would deduce that your producing glands are in some way altered. It may serve as a type of gain for the dynamic system created by your partnership with female infected." A sobering thought. I would have to be careful in the future. "But what about the other analyses you've performed?" "Quite right" back in lecture mode, he continued, "The semen analysis indicated you are normal in all the ways we typically evaluate male potency. Sperm count is average, motility is good. All metrics quantified to within a single standard deviation of the mean. "In order to dig a little deeper, I used spectroscopy to evaluate the DNA makeup of the sperm in your semen. That was where things got interesting." He laid out two charts, presumably my sperm makeup and that of a normal male. "As you can see, the makeup is subtly different between the two. Unfortunately, I do not have matching analyses from infect women's gametes, but the only reasonable conclusion here is that these characteristics are critical to bonding with the female infected eggs."  "Professor, this is incredible! Could this be used to assist in correcting the fertility issues humans have been experiencing?" "Possibly. I cannot say with any authority; that's really beyond my field of expertise. However, I've taken the liberty of sending a sample of your semen to Dr. Sharon Gilles for a detailed workup. She runs a lab specializing in DNA analysis and gene splicing." Hmm, I didn't know how I felt about my little Alex juniors circulating amongst the scientific community.  Noticing my troubled look, the Professor mollified me, "Don't worry, there is no risk of any offspring from this. The semen will be used strictly for lab analysis, and all appropriate documentation has been filed. In addition, your samples were not sent with any personally identifiable information, so the results cannot be traced back to you." That made me feel a little better. At least I wouldn't have an army of scientists and doctors trying to harvest my sperm. Then again, if this could really help save mankind, shouldn't I pursue it? I decided to wait and see what Dr. Gilles came back with.  I glanced at the clock. 1:45!  "Professor, I have to run to my last final. Thanks for going over the results with me. This is fascinating stuff. I'm heading home for the summer directly after this final, but I'd love to continue assisting you in the fall if you'd permit me." "Absolutely, I'd love to discuss a formal internship for you in the fall semester. These results are groundbreaking, and I plan on submitting them for the consideration of the American Journal of Medicine.  I'll be citing you as a key contributor." He smiled, anticipating my elation at the news. What a break! I'd be published -- kinda -- at 19!  "Wow! I don't know what to say, Professor. Thank you!" Cruising out of the room, I headed off to take my last final. Three months of as much Elise as I could handle, an internship with the esteemed Prof Dodbele, and an article citation in a peer-reviewed medical journal in the offing. Not a bad start to summer break. ********************** As I drove back into town, I couldn't believe how much everything had changed. I really needed to get home more often. With Elise's visits and mountains of schoolwork, I just hadn't had the chance this semester.  The new cars built for women were everywhere on the road; driving was becoming somewhat difficult due to lack of visibility. I felt like the only normal vehicle in a sea of huge cars, each nearly the height of a tractor trailer and as long as the old 15 passenger vans. Abandoned shops, restaurants, and bars greeted me as I motored down Main Street, heading toward my old neighborhood. Elise had talked about the new planned community built for both sexes on the other side of town. I guessed that was where all the business was heading.  Mom and Dad hadn't moved, but our street was changing nevertheless. They had vented to me on our weekly calls about the sad state of the neighboring properties. It seemed that more than half of the houses were now unoccupied, their previous owners having relocated to women-friendly residences. The wilderness was again winning in a war of attrition against the signs of civilized society in the neighborhood. I pulled into the driveway and noticed our yard in stark contrast to the Miller's abandoned home. You could set your watch by the precision with which the hedges and grass were trimmed and edged. Dad could always be depended on for that.  "I'm home!" I yelled. A flurry of arms greeted me as my mom wrapped me in a big hug. Dad stood at a more respectful difference, but still gave me a hug when she pulled back. Mom had still avoided infection then, somehow. I would have been fine with it either way, but deep inside, a part of me never wanted my mom to change.  Dropping my bags, I let them draw me into the family room to sit down and chat. Mom got up to get drinks and cookies. I caught them up with what was going on at school, and retreated to my room to spend some time decompressing. Ten minutes later Mom poked her head in my door. "Alex, honey, I almost forgot -- Elise dropped this off for you." She handed me a thick envelope with my name on it. It felt like fine, heavy bonded paper. I opened it up.  "You know I've always loved Elise, Alex, but when she came to the door... How are you both adjusting to her condition? I mean, she's good to you, isn't she?"  She started rambling, "Because, you know, not that I don't trust her; she's like the daughter we never had, I mean, not like a daughter as in, your sister, just close. Well, what I mean is that I've heard about how rough some of those ladies can be when they get big, intentionally or not, and I want to make sure she's not hurting you." As she babbled, I put down the card and looked at her.  "Mom, you have absolutely nothing to worry about. Elise wouldn't hurt a fly. You know that. She's no different now than she's ever been." "Good! I'm glad that I've been worried for no reason. And you treat her like a gentleman!" she warned, waving her index finger to carry the point home.  She rushed toward me then, giving me another crushing hug. "I know you will. You'll always be my special guy. "I'll give you some privacy now." She withdrew, shutting the door behind her. Looking again at the card in my hands, it was indeed a nice piece of vellum. It was largely blank, reading only: Please join me at my new home for an intimate evening.  Tomorrow night, 6pm. Mmmm. She clearly had something planned to go to such effort. I wonder... Better wear something nice.  ******************************** Arriving at the address, I walked up to Elise's new, and very imposing, home. I'd never seen one of the new dwellings up close. Purpose built for women, it was hard to believe it was designed for a single family. Standing a good 40 feet tall, it looked like a small office building in the shape of a two story colonial. It was at least 120 feet wide, but the most impressive aspect was the scale of the features. The windows looked immense - easily twice the height of a man. I craned my neck up as I approached the gigantic front door, marveling that Elise would eventually be tall enough to necessitate such a portal. The door had two handles, one for each gender. The women's knob was roughly at my eye level while the other was at the height I was accustomed to. Inset doors intended for male use were deemed to be unnecessary added complexity; home builders preferred a single door. It was hinged slightly off center instead of at the customary edge. This allowed nearly half the door to act as counterweight to the other half as it rotated open within the jamb, significantly reducing its moment of inertia and making it possible for a man to operate, albeit with difficulty. I pushed the lower doorbell button and waited. Looking down, I confirmed that I still looked presentable for our big date. The single suit I owned didn't fit me very well since I had bulked up, so I went with a pair of linen khakis and a short sleeve button down shirt. Not exactly formal wear, but nice enough for a fine restaurant in the summer.  Moments later I heard footfalls. My gaze was searching the wrong spot for her face when Elise greeted me. Wow. She was...there were no words.  Her hair was up, beautifully coifed at the back of her head and fixed in place with an elegant pin. It served to highlight her facial features, which were somehow more pronounced and softer at the same time. Her beauty stole my breath. Noting my appreciation for her efforts, she gave a little twirl.  "You like?"  Why must all women ask dumb questions like that? I felt awe and lust in equal measure as I hungrily devoured her nearly ten foot frame with my eyes.  She wore a deep green dress with a single strap over her left shoulder. It draped upon the luscious upper slopes of her pronounced chest -- had those grown again? -- just above my head. Embracing her waist and hips mercilessly, it showcased her narrow midsection and upper thighs in relief. Below this, it opened into a plaited and billowy skirt which swished this way and that as she moved. Her strappy sandals didn't have much heel, but they hid little of her large feet, each roughly the length of a pad of legal paper. For all their size, they were delicate and graceful -- perfectly shaped toes and nails painted in a deep blush. I swallowed, "Uh, I don't think like does justice to what I feel about the way you look right now" Her smile lit the porch, and she reached down to touch my face, a palm on each cheek. Her slender fingertips met at the back of my neck. She tittered, her laugher musical. "You say the sweetest things. "I'm sorry Alex, but it's been two weeks, so I have to..." Her grin was massive. With that, she reached under my arms and hoisted me up, drawing me to her chest and giving me the biggest hug I've ever received. I felt her cheek rest upon the top of my head as my torso was sandwiched between two huge, soft pillows. She held me like that for a second, and I reached my arms around the back of her, barely able to encircle her upper body. I heard her draw a deep breath to fill her lungs with my scent. Her embrace tightened. She must have reacted to my essence. Snaking her right hand lower while holding me, she started to massage my firm glutes, breathing heavier all the while. I could feel the hammering of her heart in the pulse at her neck. My body started to resonate with hers, my thoughts becoming clouded as I took in her floral scent. I wanted this. Suddenly, she set me down in a hurry. "No. That's for later. First, we eat, and catch up."  I looked up to her biting her lip as she clamped down on her raging lust, slightly disappointed we were not going to be starting the evening with dessert... "A fine idea; the anticipation will make it all the sweeter. "So, where are we going? Can I see your new place?" I admit, I was curious. "Plenty of time for that later, but for now, allow me to take milord out for an enchanting evening." Elise giggled as she locked up the house and walked toward her car.  I stood on the porch like a slack jawed idiot for a few seconds, just watching her ass sway hypnotically in her dress as she retreated. I had heard her words, but I just couldn't help myself. Running up to her, I put my hands on her great hips as she walked, sliding them down to the cheeks of her ass to feel the subject of my leer moments before. Giggling again, she turned her head and slowed, rewarding my boldness by exaggerating the sway of her curves.  "Mmmmm. It's about time you harassed me. I dream about you copping a feel of my ass all day."  She leaned over slightly, offering me an easier target. "It begs for your touch." The material of her dress was gossamer, and I could feel no underwear beneath my fingertips. No panties? Maybe a thong... Hmm, I'd find out later.  "You tease!" I said as she pulled away. Her laughter was musical.  "We'll have to take my mom's car, I'm afraid. I can't quite fit in my old one anymore." she looked a bit sheepish. I had read about these new women's cars. She opened the back door for me and I looked inside. Ugh, I felt like an infant having to ride in a car seat, but I guess there was no other way. Elise hoisted me up and -- thankfully -- let me belt myself in. Our dinner destination was part of a new shopping and restaurant district designed for women. Seeing so many of them strolling about the boulevard was pretty intimidating. Most were holding hands with their men as they walked, but I was a little shocked to find some of the largest carrying their male companions.  Many heads turned in my direction as I walked, some of the women catching my scent. Nothing I wasn't used to from school, of course, though I'd never been around so many at one time. Elise was vigilant, however, quick to give them each a look that sent them scurrying on. I was relieved when we finally arrived.  The hostess, a pretty young woman in the midst of her change, guided us to our table. I should be used to these large tables by now, but no. At least this place was nice enough to have men's chairs instead of just using boosters.  "Can I assist you into your chair, sir?" she offered with a smile, bending down to get closer to me. Her eyes bored into mine. Elise was quick on the draw, snapping at her, "We're fine, thank you." I accepted her help getting up. Use the step stool, or accept a hand -- surreptitiously placed on my butt -- from my girlfriend? Not a tough choice. I couldn't help feeling like a little child though. The table surface was almost as tall as I was. The hostess stared at me for another moment or two and finally departed. Elise calmed down somewhat. "Hussy...  "Sorry about that Alex. I was told this place was-" I cut her off, "Don't worry about it. I'm used to being eyed like a piece of meat by now. It's mostly the pheromones. One of my professors conducted research into the effects. He even helped me understand how I might be able to suppress them. In fact, I'm using a technique right now, but it's probably not working that well, since I haven't seen you in a few weeks. That dress you're wearing doesn't help either." Elise's eyes sparkled with amusement in the dim candlelight. "Yes, it's still a struggle to keep my hands off you from minute to minute, so whatever you're doing, you haven't quite perfected it yet." "Ahhh, it's so good to be back." I relaxed. Elise was my anchor in the new world. Looking around, I said, "It's all so different now though" "Yeah, I'm getting used to it myself, but at least I don't feel like such a freak anymore. I just feel bad for all you poor guys. I can't imagine how difficult it is." As if to prove her point, a young man appeared and poured us water, though he had to have us hand him the glasses. They were simply too difficult for him to reach gracefully. We read through the menus, and I caught her peering at me. She had hardly taken her eyes off me all evening. I loved the way she watched me. The way her gaze fondled me.