 Alex 

Light. Intense light. 

As I came around, I was deeply disoriented. Almost like waking up in the middle of a REM cycle. 

Where am I? What day is it? 

Looking about, I realized I was strapped to some kind of bed in what appeared to be a medical facility. The room was nondescript and large enough for women, but the bed I lay in was obviously sized for men. 

I was alone. Without windows and only a single closed door, I had no sense of time. 

No IVs or other medical paraphernalia were evident on my body, but there was a cart with medical effects next to my bed. Other diagnostic machines sat dormant nearby, and I spied what looked like a closed circuit camera directed at my position. 

My gym clothes were torn - wait - the gym...there was something... I remember trying to set up some stupid competition between those two women at the gym, hoping to redirect their desire for me into aggression towards each other while I made my escape. I thought it worked, too. 

But then, how am I here? Let's see...they had gotten into a heated shoving match and Beth helped me...oh shit! 

Beth. 

It started to come back. She helped me toward my car, but as soon as we left the building she grabbed me. The back seat of her car had restraints, and... there was a sharp pain in my arm. Some kind of injection? 

That was all I could remember, until now. 

I tried testing the strength of the straps holding me - they weren't budging at all. The door unlatched and began to open. 

A huge woman entered; she must have been at least a couple feet taller than Elise. I expected a white lab coat or scrubs, but she wore neither. Instead, she had on a gray pantsuit and high heels. She was well into her middle age and one of those women that could legitimately be called 'big boned', as she didn't appear fat - truly fat women didn't really exist anymore. Her attitude was strictly business as she set the men's duffle bag she carried on a small table in the corner and proceeded to make several marks on her clipboard. 

"Ah, you are awake." Her accent sounded east European. 

She paused for a minute, seemingly expecting a response, but given nothing, she continued. 

"Your name is Alex?" 

My blank stare continued. 

"I am Olya. I will be explaining your role to you for tonight." 

I snorted, "You can't be serious. Why would you think I'll cooperate with you?" 

Unfazed, she said, "Your compliance will not be in question once I administer the proper medication." 

As she completed her sentence, she reached to a hook next to the door and removed a key that was well beyond my reach. Unlocking a drawer in the medical cart next to my bed, she removed a syringe and pharmaceutical bottle and proceeded to load the hypodermic. 

I thrashed against the bands holding me, but her huge hand ruthlessly clamped my upper arm to the bed frame, stilling my motion so she could inject me. 

A flash of heat followed, but otherwise I felt nothing. 

Dropping the needle into the sharps container on the cart, she stood back up. 

"Now then, while the drug takes effect, allow me to explain your situation to you. 

"Your life, as you know it, is over. You are now the chattels of the Matriarchy. Soon, you will be sent to reside within one of our compounds and will live out your days among us, contributing to our society." 

The deadpan with which she delivered this news shocked me almost as much as the words themselves did. Terror washed over me. 

"However, as a new addition to our stables, it's customary to auction you to the highest bidder for a temporary period of service to recoup the cost of...acquiring you. Following this, you'll be returned and sent to your new mistresses to serve." 

I wanted to rant and rave, to threaten that 'they'd never get away with this', as in some cheesy action movie. But this wasn't fiction, and something told me that not only did they have connections sufficient for the typically interested parties to turn a blind eye, but they had indeed been getting away with this for some time. Further, anything I told them about people coming to find me they would only use against me. Weighing all this, I maintained my silence. 

Still, I started thinking about the chance of rescue, and had to admit it was bleak. Why hadn't I left word where I was going? Stupid! El was resourceful and determined though. I started to feel better just thinking that she was out there for me. Having seen what my woman could be like when I was threatened, I could almost feel pity for my captors. 

"Now then, to tonight's events. But first, let's have a little test to make sure you are properly conditioned, shall we?" 

Unlocking the restraints with another key on the ring she grabbed previously, she moved back and allowed me to a moment to sit up and free myself. 

"Stand up and remove your clothes," she instructed in an authoritative tone. 

"Are you insa-" 

I had only gotten part of my incredulous remark out when my body reacted. Almost as if it had defected, it ignored every command I sent it to stay seated. Seeing how pointless my attempts to disobey were, I gave up and let it happen. 

I stripped right there in front of her, burning with shame. At least I was able to turn around as I did. It seemed as long as I didn't try to actively counter her order, the drug allowed my freedom. The whole thing was sickening. Where the hell had they gotten a drug like this? The implications were mind-blowing. 

She nodded sharply and moved to pick up the bag she had carried in, "This is your attire for the evening. You will put this on when I leave the room. 

"Someone will be visiting you within twenty minutes to take you to the showcase. While there, tonight's bidders will be given the opportunity to evaluate you prior to the start of the auction." 

Any sense of indifference or aloofness that she may have had in her bearing until then disappeared, and the intensity of her glare increased ten-fold. 

"Tonight's event is a prestigious affair in our community. You will comport yourself with dignity, class, and charm for the duration. You will be respectful of and attempt to obey all women who address you, referring to them always with the honorific 'Mistress', or by whatever title they nominate to you. Order of precedence for your obeisance will always be designated by the first Matriarchy member you meet upon reporting to a new location. 

"You will make every effort to please all women of the Matriarchy and the winner of tonight's auction; the latter only until such time that you are returned to us. 

"You will make no attempt to escape, and will feel honored to be included in our forward-thinking and morally superior society." 

I almost felt the weight of the shackles of her commands laid upon me as she enumerated them. They etched themselves in my brain, and I could feel myself responding to them, but I noted something else as well: I did not feel honored as she had directed. I could tell that I should be, but I just...didn't. 

Mulling over why this was, I mused that it was likely because all the commands but that last were directing me to act, not think or believe. Was it possible that other men in my position would feel the way they were ordered? Such a level of mind control was an extremely scary thought. Regardless, I figured I should probably fake it. 

"Prepare yourself." 

With that, she left, closing the door behind her. 

As her command triggered with her departure, I immediately began to dress for the showing. I unzipped the bag and upended the contents on the bed. 

Victoria's Secret. Of course. Personally, I'd never gone for this kind of thing, but they had branched into men's lingerie not too long ago, and apparently they were a big hit with ladies. It made me think about how different things were only two years ago, when a sexy look on a man was a fine suit. 

Naturally, since men were no longer breadwinners, a woman's association of a man's financial success with his business apparel was now defunct. More important things like virility and sexual attributes were prized now. Male lingerie was formulated to emphasize such features. 

Personally, I found it ridiculous. Most men did, of course. It was absurd what some of the products promised to do for the image of a man's penis size. Then again, I had never needed it to enflame the desire of women. Could this be how women had viewed bustiers and thongs before the virus? 

Smiling at the memory of jokingly asking Elise if she would ever want to see me in anything like this, I recalled her sarcastic response: "Definitely. You can never look too big..." Breaking down into a giggling fit, she finished "...that is, if you can find one that fits you." 

The happy memory transported me from this nightmare for a few moments until I realized my body was still attempting to carry out the order to dress. 

Spread on the bed before me was a garment for the torso, a pair of boxer brief-like underwear, and a small piece that I didn't recognize. 

The first was similar to a robe, but it had shoulder pads like a blazer and was cut to accentuate the vee of a man's chest. A wide opening was present in the front below the waist for an unoccluded view of the 'goods'. 

The boxer briefs felt like they were made of thick silk. As I slipped them on, I saw that the panels of material were designed to tuck and cinch strategically to tighten up and lift the butt and exaggerate the relief of a man's package, which was bright red contrasting with the black of the rest. 

After putting on the robe and underwear, I looked down at myself and felt very awkward. I hope they wouldn't make me wear this for long. A woman would be more likely to laugh at me than find me sexy. 

As I stood puzzling over what to do with the third piece of clothing, another warning knock came from the door and a young woman entered. 

Spinning around, I tried to cover myself with my hands and caught her grinning down at me. She was very short for a woman; perhaps only 9 or 10 feet tall, with straight brown hair and a dusky skin tone. Her beautiful features were delicate, hinting at a possible latin descent. She certainly had the body for it. A slight chest but wide hips and a bubble butt were obvious beneath her painted-on pencil skirt as she turned to shut the door. 

Regarding me again, she giggled and knelt down in front of me so we were nearly eye to eye. I could smell her fruity scent. 

"Hi Alex, I'm Isabella. It looks like you might need some help with that." she said playfully, a crooked smile on her face. 

Her rich brown eyes so captivated me that I even momentarily forgot that I was half naked in front of her. I immediately pulled the robe tighter to cover myself, clearly beyond what it was intended to do. 

Blushing, I was finally able to mutter, "Erm, yeah. I guess so. I've never worn this kind of thing before." 

Her laugh was musical in the face of my embarrassment. 

"My God, I could just eat you up. I'm not laughing at you, I swear. I see this a lot. 

"If I wasn't under a strict hands-off policy prior to the auction, you'd be in for some trouble." 

She tilted her head and gave me a sultry smile, biting her lower lip lightly. 

"However, that doesn't mean I can't have a little fun in the line of duty. Let me show you what you do with this," she indicated the mystery piece I was holding, grabbing it from me with her left hand. 

Isabella reached forward to pull my underwear down, and I instinctively resisted. 

"Alex," she admonished, "wouldn't you rather do it willingly than make me force you?" 

She was right. Better to at least feel like I have some control. I lowered my hands and turned my head, feeling objectified as her hungry gaze devoured my exposed body. 

As my underwear slipped down, she gasped at the sight of my cock. 

I could hear her panting. She reached for me with her right hand outstretched, transfixed upon her target. 

My muscles tensed, I stood there as this attractive stranger lightly caressed my limp cock with her fingers. With deliberate slowness, her soft fingertips traced the length of my silky skin. Just before she reached my glans, she circled to the underside, where the densely packed nerve endings were sending my brain heavenly signals. She lifted my growing cock up so she could get a better look. 

"It's OK, I promise," she soothed. "I'm just going to show you how to use this," holding up the piece in the other hand 

"You see, this ties around your penis, like so." 

She started to attach it to my length so that the two features on the band were positioned directly atop my most sensitive spot, underneath. 

"This will give you light stimulation with even the smallest movement, causing you to remain in a semi-erect state." 

Wow, they had thought of everything. Now that I had it on, it did seem to be working. With the way it was balanced, even the slighted shift was enough to send me to half-mast. I was barely going to fit into the underwear, but maybe that was by design. 

Checking for the time, she said, "Oh, shit. We need to get you to your viewing booth!" 

With her scrutiny ended, I gladly pulled on the diminutive drawers laying at my ankles to cover myself. Damn. I had to say, between the material, the color, and the design, I looked huge. 

As she turned to leave the room, I reached up and grabbed her fingers. 

"Isa-" 

Whoops! "I mean, Mistress Isabella...thanks." She knelt again, listening. "This is very difficult, but you're...not what I expected." 

I bumped the side of her arm playfully and gestured forward, "Shall we?" 

Her dazzling smile was my reward. Maybe the Matriarchy wasn't all dominatrices and abusive mind control after all. 

Isabella led me out of my room and into the hall. Luckily, it was warm. I chuckled noiselessly, wondering if they were trying to prevent shrinkage. 

The hall looked similar to a hospital. We passed many doors on both sides, which I gathered were prep areas like the one I woke up in for other men, though I didn't see any other men as we walked. Judging from the number of doors we passed, the throughput capacity of this place, and all its associated implications, were mind blowing. 

I had a front row seat to view my hostess' perfect derriere as we walked, and soon I became so enthralled by it I couldn't have told you whether the last couple turns we took were left or right. I started to suspect her selection as a guide was intentional for her attributes. 

So absorbed was I with the way the thin material of her skirt creased and stretched on her supremely kissable behind that my pecs bumped right into it when she stopped. I had to catch myself from reaching up to put my hands on her hips to get a better feel. 

She gave a little grunt and turned around to regard me with a knowing smile, unsurprised that I was now considerably better off than 'half-mast'. 

"Careful now, little stud," she chuckled. 

"In you go." 

The open door in front of me invited me into a warmly lit room. It was small, richly appointed with wood paneling and Victorian decor, a wingback leather chair and fainting couch were present, both sized for men's use and positioned opposite a large two-way mirror. To each side of the mirror on the same wall there was a large flat panel monitor. 

The rest of the room was essentially a set, with accoutrements of the fantasy positioned throughout. I felt like I was in a porno film. Then again, that probably wasn't far off. 

Isabella crouched near the door as I took it in. 

"Try to make yourself comfortable Alex. Remember, we want you relaxed. It's important than you put on a good show tonight to encourage active bidding. But with your physique and that innocent, sexy look, you are literally the headline attraction tonight, so be confident." 

Me? Please... I was just a normal guy. Was it my infected status? Had to be. 

"But, I've never modeled or anything before. I don't know what to do. I'm going to make a fool out of myself." 

"If you feel nervous, try to think of something funny. It'll put you at ease and make you feel natural. Trust me, I used to do a little modeling where I came from, and it helps. 

There are displays to the sides of the mirror as well. We'll be playing a little...male entertainment there. It'll help you stay in the correct mood." 

Isabella looked left and right briefly, and smiled back at me. 

"Tell you what, just imagine this." 

Moving to the other side of the hall, she reached up with her arms to run her fingers through her hair behind her head, spreading her legs and sticking out her glorious ass. Isabella looked over her shoulder and stared right into my eyes, biting her lower lip. 

Then she started the show. Spreading her legs wider, she bent at the knees. I was apoplectic as she proudly continued thrusting the most beautiful posterior I had ever seen in my direction. 

Her breasts fondled the wall on her slow grind back to full stature. Her glutes tightened and relaxed while she tilted her pelvis repeatedly. The motion drew my attention toward her unseen sex, pleading to be filled and promising velvety bliss for anyone able to get beyond the thin barrier of her clothes. 

My cock was fully primed when she turned around and bent to give me a peck on the cheek. 

"It's been a real pleasure Alex. I mean that. Go into the room and make yourself comfortable. You'll receive the rest of your instructions via the intercom." 

She bent and smothered my mouth with her luscious lips while her fingertips held the back of my head. 

"Goodnight, handsome." 

"Goodnight, Mistress Isabella." 

I entered the room as she shut the door behind me. While I tried to lounge, I instinctively focused on subduing my now throbbing erection. Just then I heard a voice over the intercom. 

"Good evening Alex." 

**************** 

My face burned with shame. The act I had put on to satisfy the voice in that little room, showing myself off... I felt as though I had swum through filth. Much of it I'd feel uncomfortable doing even for Elise. This, I mentally spat, is my value. An object to be displayed and used; a puppet who's strings would be held by one woman or another, passed around until they've had their fill. Desperately, I had tried to resist them, but the drug brooked no defiance. 

After bidding had completed, I was led back to another staging area where I was given a less revealing outfit to change into. My handlers all seemed quite impressed with the results of the auction. 

Picking up the pair of slacks and button down shirt they laid out for me, I dressed quickly and was ushered to my "date" for the next 48 hours. My face was impassive as I followed on my invisible leash. She awaited me in a richly appointed lounge. Setting her champagne flute down as I was led into the room, she uncrossed slim, toned legs and rose to greet me. 

Though my mind recoiled from the sexuality on display before me, I had to admit she was stunning. Her form was statuesque; curves in all the appropriate places, and a bust line like none I had seen. Resplendent, she was bedecked in sparkling jewelry and an immaculate coiffure. 

Her beauty was mature, and though from further away I would have estimated she was mid-thirties, her eyes and bearing hinted she was likely somewhat older. Her facial features held the kind of classic, natural beauty that would have at one time landed her a wealthy husband regardless of her temperament. 

I tried not to let resentment touch my face. Underneath, however, I seethed at the woman that would buy me, and no doubt others, like so much ripe fruit. Remembering my instructions, I chose silence over rebuke. She received a stiff nod. 
