 Chapter 1: The Weekend

The next morning, Britney got up and took a shower. She smelled like sex and needed to remove any and all evidence of the previous night's activities. She threw on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt and went downstairs to eat breakfast. Her parents were both already at the table.

"Good morning Mom! Good Morning Dad!"

"Hi Honey! Did you sleep well? Mom said you got in pretty late."

"I slept well, thanks! What are you two going to do today?"

"Funny you should ask," replied her mom. "Your dad and I need to go up to Grandma's and help her clean out her garage. I was hoping you'd go with us."

"Oh, you know I would, but I was going to spend time with Katie this weekend. She leaves for college in a couple of weeks and I won't get to see her for a while."

"That's too bad. Grandma will be so disappointed." That's when she noticed what Britney was wearing. "Britney! Do you think it's appropriate not wearing a bra in front of your father?!"

"Geesh Mom, I just got up! And I don't think Dad cares, do you Dad?"

"Umm, I hadn't noticed, and I'm staying out of this conversation."

He got up and walked out of the kitchen. Actually he had noticed, but he could never say anything about it. It wouldn't be appropriate, no matter how he approached the subject. Annoyed and distracted by her husband suddenly leaving the kitchen, Britney's mom gave up on her bra lecturing and returned to her original conversation.

"So, your father and I will stay at Grandma's overnight and be back Sunday evening. There's leftovers in the refrigerator for your dinner. OK with you?"

Britney was thinking to herself, "Hell yah! A weekend without you nagging me? That would be awesome!" But instead she answered, "I guess so, do you mind if Katie comes over?"

"If her parents approve, I don't mind."

"Thanks Mom!"

Her parents left about 45 minutes later. She watched their car pull out of the driveway and drive off down the road. The moment it was out of sight, she ran upstairs and called Katie. "Hey Katie! It's me Britney!" ... "My parents just left for the weekend!" ... "Yah! Come over as soon as you can!" ... "That's right! We can have some real fun until Sunday night!" ... "Great! See you soon!"

Britney and Katie had known each other for years and were very close. They shared everything together, and Britney couldn't wait to tell her about last night! The doorbell rang and Britney hurried down the stairs, her tits bouncing freely under her t-shirt. She opened the door and let her friend in. Katie took one look at Britney and knew instantly that something was different.

"Oh my God! You got laid, didn't you?!"

"Is it that obvious?"

"Yah! You've totally got that after-sex glow!"

Britney proceeded to tell her friend all the details about her date last night. She told her about the clothes she wore, the different ways they fucked, how many orgasms she had, and how they lost their clothes. Katie couldn't believe that she wore such a skimpy outfit.

"No way you walked around in public with your tits and ass showing! I don't buy it!"

"OK, I'll show you!"

Britney ran upstairs and came back down with the clothes. She removed her t-shirt and shorts and slipped into the skimpy outfit.

"Well, what do you think?"

"I absolutely love it! It's so naughty! And you didn't wear any underwear with it?"

"Nope!"

"You are such a slut! Where did you get it?"

"I made it."

"You made that? No way! Was it hard to do?"

"Not really. My friend Sophie taught me how. It was pretty easy."

"Would you help me make something like that?"

"Sure! But I didn't think you were that kind of girl!"

"I didn't think you were either, Britney!"

The two friends laughed and went upstairs to create some new outfits. They were giddy with excitement! After rummaging through Britney's closet and dresser, the girls picked out some old clothing to modify.

Katie was more full-figured than Britney, so all of her clothes fit tight on her, which was just fine. She cut the bottom two thirds off of a tank-top. The shirt barely contained her large breasts! Her nipples poked under the fabric and a considerable amount of under-boob was exposed! Next, she took her jeans and made cut-off shorts out of them. She cut them so short that most of her ass cheeks were exposed!

Britney also modified a tank top, but she chose to cut out the sides. She left the front of the shirt just wide enough to cover her tits from the front, but from the sides, they were fully exposed! Instead of a pair of cut-off shorts, she converted some old jeans into a short mini-skirt! The two girls admired themselves and their new outfits in the mirror.

"We look so slutty!" exclaimed Katie.

"We sure do! You know what? We should go to the mall and show off our new outfits!"

"What!? Seriously!?"

"Sure, why not? You have something better to do?"

"Well, no. But I thought this was just for fun?"

"Yah, but where's the fun if we don't get to wear them anywhere?"

"I suppose you're right."

"Of course I am! And if you don't mind, can I make a suggestion?"

"Sure, what?"

"You really should lose the pubic hair!"

"What are you talking about?"

"I'm talking about all those kinky hairs poking out below your shorts!"

"Well, I hate shaving!"

"Then we'll just have to wax it! And luckily for you, I have another Brazilian wax kit!"

"Is that what you used?"

"Yah! It's fantastic! And it leaves no bumps or irritation." Britney had Katie take off her clothes and lie down on her bed. "You just relax and I'll take care of the rest." She went to the bathroom and came back with the waxing kit.

After prepping Katie's pubic area, Britney carefully applied the wax, ensuring that none got on her labia or clit. While they waited for the wax to harden, Britney invited Katie to touch her pussy and see how smooth it was. Katie reached up under her skirt and rubbed her fingers on Britney's mound. "Wow that really is smooth! Like a baby's butt!"

"I told you!"

Katie continued stroking Britney's smooth mound, "I do like that!"

Britney let out a pleasurable sigh, "I do too... But right now it's time to remove the wax. You can scream into my pillow if you like!" Katie readied herself the best she could. "OK, on the count of three. One! Two! ..." There was no three! Britney suddenly ripped the wax and all the hair from Katie's pussy!

Katie screamed, "OUCH!" She sat up and cupped her groin! "You Fucking Bitch!" 

"Don't be such a baby! It doesn't hurt that bad!"

"How would you know? Do you even have pubic hair yet? Oh, that's right, you're still waiting for it grow in, along with your boobs!" Katie was always teasing Britney about her breast size.

"Fuck you! At least I'm not a big hairy Neanderthal!"

"You're just jealous!"

"Yah, whatever! How's your pussy feeling?"

"It still burns, why?"

"I'm sure this soothing skin tonic would make it feel a whole lot better!"

"Give it to me!"

"No! Not until you apologize!"

Katie wasn't one to give in too easily, but her crotch felt like it was on fire. She needed that tonic. "OK, I'm sorry."

"Not good enough!"

"I'm sorry for insulting your beauty! You are far superior to me in every way! Now, can I have the tonic?"

"Only if you let me apply it."

"Fine!" Katie laid back down on the bed.

Britney applied the tonic to Katie's raw pussy skin. The liquid immediately extinguished the burning sensation!

"Oh my God! That feels so much better!" gasped Katie

"And now it's time for the final step in the process: a special skin lotion with cocoa butter, aloe, and other nourishing ingredients. It will prevent the skin from breaking out in a rash."

Britney began rubbing the lotion into Katie's skin. As expected, her pubic area was now extra sensitive to touch. Katie squirmed in pleasure as her friend massaged around her pussy! Seeing her reaction, Britney began gently teasing Katie's clit. She let out a soft moan, "So good." Her nipples hardened and became erect as Britney continued to pleasure her! "Finger me, please! Finger me!" Britney slipped a finger into Katie's now wet pussy and started massaging her G spot! "Oh God yes! Don't stop! Don't stop!" About a minute later, Britney felt Katie's pussy tighten around her fingers as she approached orgasm! "Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaaah!" she screamed as the wave euphoria flowed through her body! Britney waited for Katie's orgasm to finish then removed her wet finger from her quivering twat.

"Thanks! I really needed that!"

"No problem! That's what friends are for!"

Katie reached down and rubbed her fingers over her mound, "Damn! This is nice!"

"So that means you're ready to go to the mall now?"

"Absolutely! Let me get dressed..."

Chapter 2: The Mall

Katie struggled to get her top to stretch over breasts! "I don't know if this top is going to work."

"I think it's perfect!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes! The boys will love it!"

"OK, if you say so..."

The girls hopped into Britney's car and headed to the mall. As they drove, every bump in the road caused Katie's boobs to bounce and gradually slide out from underneath her tight, short shirt!

"See I told you this shirt wasn't going to work! I look like fucking Winnie the Pooh!"

"Are your nipples showing?"

"No, not yet..."

"Then you'll be fine! Just make adjustments as needed."

"Easy for you to say! Your tits aren't trying to escape from your shirt!"

"True, but they aren't exactly hidden either!"

Katie looked over at Britney. "You're right! I can see your itty-bitty titties trying to act all grown up under a big girl shirt!"

"Fuck you bitch! They're not that small!"

"Whatever... It's no wonder you stopped wearing a bra, you don't have anything to put into one!"

"Very funny! I might not have a porn star body like you, but I can fuck like a porn star!"

"One night of wild sex doesn't make you a porn star!"

"Yah, well, I bet I can catch a guy before you do!"

"Oh, so you want to bet, do you? OK, how about this? The winner gets bragging rights and the loser has to walk out of the mall topless!"

"Damn Katie! I didn't know you were so desperate for someone to look at your tits!"

"I'm not! But I'm pretty sure that everyone will be staring at your little pom-poms when we leave! So do we have a deal?"

"We do!"

The friends shook hands, got out of the car, and started walking toward the mall entrance. As they were walking, a gust of wind caught Britney's shirt and blew it to the side exposing one of her breasts! She screamed out loud as she tried to cover herself. Katie started laughing hysterically at her!

"Laugh it up Buttercup! But you might want to check yourself out too!"

"Why?"

"Look!" Britney pointed to Katie's exposed nipples.

Sure enough, while she was distracted by Britney's wardrobe malfunction, her top had slid up. She struggled once again to stuff her tits back under the skimpy shirt. After regaining their composure, they finally made it to the mall entrance without any further incident.

Once inside they walked from store to store window shopping, hoping to catch the interest of the other mall-goers. The chance of exposing themselves in public made both of the girls horny and excited. As a result, their nipples were hard and more visually obvious underneath their clothes. They approached an old man sitting on a bench. He noticed them right away and smiled. As they walked by, Britney pulled her shirt to the side for a brief moment and flashed her tit at him! He chuckled and slapped his knee in delight. The girls laughed and decided to go into Spencer's Gifts. They sold more adult-oriented items, so no one would probably make a fuss about how they were dressed.

They made their way back to the vibrators and other sex toys. While they were looking at the merchandise, they noticed that the store clerk was staring at them. He looked socially awkward and they suspected that he had probably never had a girlfriend. So they decided to have a little fun with him. Britney leaned over to look at some items, knowing that her shirt would fall away and expose her breasts! She looked out of the corner of her eye to make sure the clerk was watching. He definitely was! His eyes were the size of saucers as he enjoyed the view! Britney stood back up and suggested to Katie that she reach up for the item on the top shelf. Katie knew exactly what would happen. When she reached her arms above her head, her shoulders pulled her shirt upwards, and sure enough her boobs spilled out below! She handed the item to Britney and pretended not to notice what had happened. She looked over at the clerk and smiled.

That's when Britney pointed at her and said, "Oh my God! Your top!"

Katie acted surprised and immediately pulled the shirt back down over her tits. The girls laughed out loud and continued looking at the merchandise. Britney picked up a wind-up toy penis and showed it to Katie.

"I think it's supposed to vibrate and dance," said Katie.

"Let's see what it does..." Britney wound up the toy and bent over to put in on the floor. When she did, her skirt rose up and exposed her ass and pussy to the clerk! She made it a point to remain in this position long enough to ensure that he got a good look! The girls laughed as the toy danced all over the floor. When they felt that they had teased the clerk enough, they each picked out a vibrator and walked up to the register to pay. Katie was first. She smiled at the clerk and handed him the merchandise.

"Hello!" she said.

"Hi" said the clerk, "Will this be all for you?" He was clearly embarrassed and avoiding eye contact with her.

"Um, no, I'm going to need some batteries to go with it, please!"

"They are over on the wall behind you. I'll go get them for you if you like."

"Oh, thank you!"

While he left to get the batteries, Katie pulled her shirt up until the bottom of her nipples began to show! When the clerk returned, he eyes fixated on the substantial amount of under-boob in from of him! He rang up her order without ever taking his eyes of her breasts. "That will be $18.95 please." Katie handed him a $20. He made change and handed it back Katie, again without taking his eyes off of her breasts!

Britney placed her merchandise on the counter. "I'm going to need batteries too, please."

"Um, OK." The clerk went to retrieve the batteries.

When he returned to the register, he rang up the order, but continued to stare at Katie's boobs. This made Britney jealous! "Hey! You know, it's not polite to stare!"

"What?"

"You're staring at my friend's tits!"

"Oh, I'm... I'm sorry..."

"You should be! If you're going to stare, you should stare at both of us!" Britney pulled the sides of her shirt together, completely exposing her tits to the clerk! "You like these?"

The clerk stared at Britney's perky little breasts! His eyes then darted from Britney's chest back to Katie's, and then back to Britney's. This continued for several seconds.

Finally, Britney spoke up, "Can I have my bag and change please?"

The clerk blindly handed the merchandise to Britney. "Um, thank you and come again."

"That's the reason we bought these vibrators! Bye!" The girls giggled and walked out of the store. The clerk watched them leave and adjusted the erection in his pants.

Britney and Katie reveled about their time in Spencer's. "I can't believe you flashed your tits right in front of him!"

"Well, I couldn't let you get all the attention with your under-boob!"

"That poor guy probably spooged in his pants thanks to you."

"Ha! If he did, I bet it was the first time he came without using his hand!"

The girls laughed and decided to go to the arcade, where they were sure to meet some boys! As expected, the arcade was teaming with them. They were mostly junior high age and younger, but there were a few older high school boys. Britney and Katie decided to play air hockey. Britney knew that she would be leaning over the table a lot and that her tits would be visible to anyone watching her. As for Katie, she risked her boobs spilling out from under her shirt as she moved to hit the puck.

It didn't take long for an audience of boys to gather around the girls. The boys pretended to be interested in the game, cheering every time one of the girls scored a point, but in truth they were all watching their giggling breasts as they played! Katie's tits slid out several times, and she would wait until a break in the game before stuffing them back under her shirt. As for Britney, her tits were on display 100% of the time, if viewed from the correct angle.

After a few games, two college boys approached them and placed their quarters on the edge of the table. "How about we play doubles next game?" one of the boys asked. Britney and Katie checked them out. They were tall and handsome with an athletic build. Liking what they saw, the girls agreed to play with them. They played a couple of rounds and got friendly with each other. The guy who had paired up with Britney was Todd, and Derek was with Katie. The guys then suggested that they play some billiards. The girls admitted to not knowing how to play.

"That's OK, we'll teach you how," said Todd.

The pool tables were at the back of the arcade, away from the video games and most of the kids. Some of the other boys tried following them, but Todd and Derek scared them off, so they had the area to themselves. The guys used billiards as an excuse to get very close to the girls. They could stand behind them and wrap their arms around their body in order to show them how to hold the cue stick, line up their shots, etc.

Of course the girls played into their plan by not objecting to where the guys touched them and by purposely pressing their boobs and other parts of their bodies against theirs. For example, when Todd was coaching Britney on how to hit the cue ball with the stick, she moved the stick so that his hand brushed against the side of her naked breast! She did this often enough that Todd realized the he could probably cop a feel and get away with it. So the next time he leaned over her to help her make a shot, he slipped his hand in through the side of her shirt and grabbed her tit!

Britney just giggled! "Not right now, Todd! I'm trying to make a shot!" Since she didn't make him stop, he slipped his other hand in through the other side and fondled both of her breasts! "Oh come on! You can play with my tits later! Right now I want to play pool!"

He suddenly stopped. "Did you say later?"

She looked him straight in the eye, "I certainly hope so! Now you go sit down and let me play!"

He obeyed her orders and sat down. Derek had been coaching Katie the entire time as well. All Katie had to do to catch her guy was to let her boobs fall out of her shirt a few times. After the third or fourth time, she told Derek that she was tired of stuffing them back under her shirt and couldn't wait until they could go someplace where they could take their clothes off together.

"You want to get naked with me?" he asked.

She turned to him and said, "I thought you'd never ask! But I want to finish this game first!"

Derek sat down next to Todd. They whispered to each other while they watched the girls finish their game of pool. As the girls played, they purposely exaggerated their actions. When reaching for a shot across the table, Britney bent over and lifted her knee up to the table, exposing her pussy under her skirt! Todd and Derek went crazy, whistling and cheering! Katie, wanting to outdo her friend, announced that she was going to try a fancy trick shot. She hopped up onto the table and attempted to make a shot with the cue stick behind her back. When she arched her shoulders back, her boobs spilled out from under her shirt again! Only this time she left them stay out while she made the shot. She also spread her legs so her pussy could be seen through the opening in her shorts! Again, Todd and Derek went wild! They were enjoying the show, but they couldn't wait for the more intimate fun that the girls had alluded to!
