 Chapter 1: Aftermath

Britney sat down on the sofa and continued talking about the intense orgasms she had with Todd. She motioned for Katie to sit down next to her on the sofa.

"I shouldn't right now, I'm still dripping."

"Damn! Derek really filled you up huh?"

"He sure did! I've never had this much cum inside of me before!"

Britney looked over at Katie's pussy. She watched a thick drop of semen dangle precariously from the edge of her labia. "Um, Katie, you know, I could clean that up for you..."

"Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting?"

"I sure am!"

Katie grabbed Britney's hand and they went upstairs to Britney's room. Britney laid down on her bed and had Katie straddle her face! Britney started by licking up the cum that had dripped out of Katie's pussy then moved in deeper. The moment she inserted her tongue between her labia, a large volume of cum came gushing out! There was so much that it nearly filled her mouth! Britney eagerly swallowed it down! She enjoyed swallowing cum, but this time was a little different. This time she felt like she hungered for it, that she needed it! She continued to lick and suck Katie's pussy until all of Derek's cum was gone. The stimulation had given Katie an orgasm, and she needed to rest.

"OK, I'm done." She started to lift herself off of Britney's face.

Britney growled, "No! I want more!" and grabbed Katie by the hips, pulling her back down onto her face!

"Britney, stop! I said I was done!" Britney didn't respond and continued sucking on Katie's twat! Katie reached down and twisted one of Britney's nipples!

Britney immediately let go and yelped in pain, "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!"

"What the fuck's wrong with you?"

Britney appeared disoriented, "What?"

"You were acting pretty weird there for a moment!"

"Oh, sorry. I guess I just got carried away."

"Yah, you think?"

"Well, whatever I did, I didn't mean it. I don't know what came over me?"

Katie smiled and giggled, "I did, you silly!"

Britney thought for a moment and then laughed when she caught on to the joke, "Oh yah, that's right!"

"Thanks for the orgasm by the way! That's two you've given me today. I think it's time I returned the favor!"

The two friends were often intimate, so they knew how to please each other. Katie positioned herself between Britney's legs and started licking her pussy! After a few minutes, she noticed that Britney wasn't responding like she normally would. "Hey girlfriend! What's wrong?"

"I don't know. I'm just not feeling it."

"I'm doing that thing to your clit that usually drives you wild!"

"I'm sure it's not you. I'm probably still recovering from those orgasms I had earlier. How about we go get something to eat instead?"

"What? You're giving up sex for food? You must really be hungry!"

"I don't know why, but I'm starving!"

The girls got dressed and headed out to get a bite to eat at their favorite hamburger joint. They ordered the typical cheeseburger, fries, and drink. Britney couldn't wait to start eating. "Oh man! I am famished!" She took a few bites of her burger and immediately spit them out. "Eeew! This tastes awful!"

"Really? My burger tastes just fine."

Britney tried taking a few more bites. Again she spit it out. "Here you try it. Tell me what you think."

Katie took a bite of Britney's burger. "There's nothing wrong with it!"

"Seriously? It tastes like cardboard!" Britney tried some of her fries. She spit them out. "What the fuck? These taste like cardboard too!"

"Are you OK? Maybe you're sick and it's affecting your sense of taste?"

"Other than being really hungry, I feel fine."

"Well, that's strange. You want to get something else?"

Britney sat quietly as she thought about what she hungered for. When she realized what it was that she wanted, she was suddenly very alarmed, "Katie, I think there really is something wrong with me!"

"What? Do you fill sick? Are you going to throw up?"

"No, nothing like that."

"Then what is it?"

"I don't know why, but I'm really hungry for cum!"

"Well, aren't you a horny little bitch!"

"It's not like that Katie. I don't feel sexually aroused right now. But I have a strong craving for it! I think that's why I ate you out earlier. I saw Derek's cum dripping from your pussy, and I just had to have it! What the fuck's wrong with me?" Britney grabbed a menu from the table and started fanning herself. "And why is it so fucking hot in here?!"

"I didn't want to say anything earlier, but when I went down on you, I noticed something different."

"What was different?"

"Well, your pussy. It was..." Katie hesitated.

"Go on, it was what?"

"It was huge inside! Normally my tongue is a tight fit, but this time it slid right in and I could flick it around and not touching anything!"

"What? My pussy isn't a giant gaping hole!"

"I wouldn't lie about something like that."

Britney brought her hands under the table and discreetly touched her pussy. Her labia and clit felt normal. "There's no gaping hole!"

"Stick in your finger!"

She slowly inserted a finger. At first everything felt normal, but then all of a sudden her pussy opened up like an ocean anemone and a fleshy hole appeared between her legs! When she removed her finger, the hole closed up and her pussy returned to its normal appearance! "Oh my God Katie! What the fuck!"

"Todd probably just stretched you out. It should tighten back up on its own."

"No Katie! That not what I just felt! My pussy opened up like a mouth!"

"Huh? A mouth? What are you talking about?"

Britney reached under the table and touched herself. Again her pussy opened and closed on its own. Britney became hysterical, "This can't be happening! This must be some kind of nightmare!" She started slapping her face. "Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!"

Katie reached across the table and grabbed her by the wrist. "Britney stop!" Her skin was cold and clammy. "OK, there's definitely something wrong with you!"

"Yah! I have a mouth between my legs!"

"Britney, that's impossible! You must be delirious!"

"I'm not making it up Katie! Ever since Todd and Derek left, I've felt different inside!"

"Different? How?"

"I can't explain it, but I think Todd did something to me!"

"I think you're right! He and Derek started acting really weird after his cum disappeared inside your pussy. And he said that he was sorry for what had happened to you. He definitely knows something! We need to find him and get some answers!"

"OK, but we don't know where he is."

"I suspect that they hang out at the arcade a lot. Let's start there!"

"I don't know if I can move. I feel dizzy!"

Katie helped Britney to her feet and walked her out to her car. It didn't take long to reach the mall, but by the time they got there, Britney was feverish and shaking!

"Hold on just a little longer. I'm sure Todd will know what to do!"

They hurried to the arcade to look for Todd. As Katie suspected, they found him playing pinball with Derek. "Todd! Derek! Thank God we found you!"

Todd took one look at Britney, "Oh no! Not again!"

"What do you mean, 'not again'? Do you know what's wrong with her?"

"Yes, she's been joined with a symbiont!"

"A what?!"

"I'll explain later, right now we need to feed her!"

"We tried that already. She couldn't eat."

"Not food! Cock! She needs cock!"

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Come on, we don't have much time!"

Todd and Derek picked up Britney and carried her to his van. She was semi-conscious as they laid her down in the back. "OK, watch out! This could get messy!" Todd started to remove his pants.

"Wait! What do you think you're doing?"

"I need to feed her!"

"Get the fuck away from her!"

"You have to trust me! I know what I'm going!"

"Like Hell you do! Don't you dare touch her..."

Britney briefly drifted back into consciousness, "Oh yes! Feed me! Please feed me!" She pulled up her skirt and spread her legs for Todd.

Todd dropped his pants and released his huge cock. Britney's pussy, sensing the nearby cock, immediately blossomed open! The large hole quivered in anticipation!

"Oh my God! What fuck is that!?" screamed Katie.

"That's her symbiont!" Todd inserted his entire cock into the hole and started thrusting in and out! "Come on! Time to eat!" he shouted. The strange pussy tightened around his shaft and started making loud slurping sounds as it began milking his penis! Todd stopped his thrusting and let the pussy take over. "That's it! Work for your meal!" It didn't take long for the pussy to make him orgasm. "Oh God! I'm, I'm, I'm cumming!" Unlike a regular orgasm that lasts 3 to 5 seconds, this one lasted nearly 30! The strange pussy had the ability to prolong ejaculation until all reserves of cum were completely drained from its provider. Todd almost passed out from the extended pleasure!

When his cock stopped spurting, the pussy released its grip and Todd pulled out. The opening closed back to normal and loud gargling sounds could be heard as it ingested the fresh cum. "Watch out! They often spit up after the first few feedings!" Todd warned. Sure enough, the pussy started making retching sounds. Within a few seconds the labia separated and it vomited cum all over the back of the van and all over Britney! "That's what happens when it eats too fast!" The pussy opened up begging for more! "Derek! It's still hungry! Your turn!"

Derek got into position and inserted his cock into the pussy. Just like with Todd, it immediately started feeding. After draining all of Derek's cum, the pussy appeared to be satisfied and returned to normal. It was only then that Britney regained consciousness. Her fever was gone and she was no longer hungry. She sat up and wondered what she was doing in the back of Todd's van!

"What's going on? Where am I? And why am I covered in cum?"

Katie filled her in on what had just happened.

"What? They fed my pussy? No! This can't be happening!" Britney covered her face with her hands and began crying hysterically.

"Britney, try to calm down. I'll explain everything that's happened to you." said Todd.

"Oh, so now you want to talk?!" scolded Katie.

"You don't understand. Derek and I couldn't be around when Britney's symbiont gained consciousness."

"What's a symbiont?" asked Britney between sobs.

"I promise to explain everything, but we need to go someplace where we can talk privately."

All four of them went back to Britney's house where Todd explained everything in minute detail. He began by describing how a pussy changes shape to accommodate a large penis and how a Meltdown orgasm can only be achieved through direct stimulation of the uterus. "This is why these orgasms are so rare. They require the largest cock in the smallest pussy. And even then, there's no guarantee that it will happen at all. But when they do, it's a magical, transcendental experience for the woman lucky enough to have one!"

"So, that's why I felt like I was in a dream world when I passed out?"

"Yes, exactly! But it wasn't a dream. Your consciousness actually passed into another dimension!"

"Normally I'd say you're full of shit, but after what I saw between my legs, I'd believe anything right now. Go on. I'm listening."

"While you were in that dimension, an alien lifeform attached itself to your body. When you regained consciousness, you brought that lifeform back with you! The lifeform, which we call a symbiont, was the same shape and size of your vagina when I was fucking you, so it integrated itself into that space of your body, replacing your real vagina."

"Wait a minute! You're telling me my vagina is gone and it's been replaced with some alien creature?"

"Yes. And when the symbiont entered our dimension, its initial experience was that of being fucked by a large penis and being fed semen. This stimulus has been permanently imprinted into its behavioral characteristics. It adapted its physiology to survive in our world solely by ingesting cum. It has also fully integrated itself into your body, sharing your organs and nervous system. For example, when it's hungry, you will be too. Likewise, when the symbiont craves getting fucked by a large penis, you will have the same craving."

Britney sat still in utter shock and disbelief! "So you're telling me that some interdimensional creature is living inside me?"

"That's correct."

"And this creature has replaced my vagina?"

"Yes!"

"And why me?"

"We aren't sure. It all comes down to chance. Being in the right place at the right time."

"You mean the wrong place at the wrong time!" interjected Katie.

"What we do know is that it only happens while a large cock is in a small pussy during a meltdown orgasm. We have theorized that large cocks act as a sort of lure for the symbiont in the other dimension."

"And this creature only craves fucking and eating cum?"

"Yes."

"And that's all I'll crave as well?"

"I'm afraid so."

"Well this is bullshit! I can't live like that!"

"Actually, if you try to understand the symbiont, you can both benefit from the relationship."

"And just what benefit could there possibly be by having an alien vagina?!" shouted Britney.

"Calm down and I'll explain..." Todd proceeded to outline the following rules and conditions:

"The symbiont needs to feed at least every 2-3 days from a large cock. You'll know when it's hungry because that will be all you can think about. If you satisfy its cravings, you will be rewarded with the most intense pleasurable orgasms you could ever imagine! When the symbiont is happy, you will be happy! If you fail to satisfy its cravings, your life will become a living hell! It will control your consciousness and force you to satisfy its needs in any way possible.

"The symbiont must feed from a cock large enough to fill its internal cavity. Its mouth and stomach are located at the posterior end, so the cock must be long enough to be able to deposit the cum into its mouth. The cock must also be thick enough for the symbiont to grip onto while it's feeding. Unfortunately, anything other than the largest of cocks will be too small for the symbiont to feed on.

"The symbiont breaths through your labia and receives sensory input through your clitoris and nipples. Therefore, you cannot wear underwear or other tight-fitting clothing. To do so would suffocate and blind it.

"When the symbiont needs to feed, it will assist you in finding an appropriate food provider. It will send signals to your brain to guide you and identify the closest, appropriately sized cock. When in close proximity to the provider, it will release a pheromone to arouse and attract the provider.

"If a suitable food provider cannot be located, you may pacify the symbiont's hunger by consuming semen orally until a provider can be found. This is not a viable substitute for a regular feeding, as it would require a lot of semen to be ingested."

"Other than some magical orgasms, you haven't mentioned any benefits yet!" said Britney sarcastically.

"Hold on! I'm getting there." Todd listed the following benefits:

"Natural Immunity: Hosts of the symbiont report never catching colds, viruses, or other diseases.

"Sufficient Nourishment: Provided the symbiont is kept fed as needed, it can provide enough energy and nourishment for both itself and the host.

"Heightened Sexual Enjoyment: Hosts report improved enjoyment from non-penetrative sexual activities. Partner's also enjoy consuming the symbiont's urine, which is expelled during sex, and mistaken as female ejaculate.

"Rejuvenation: Hosts have reported a reversal of the aging process and improved physical condition.

"Telepathic Abilities: Mental communication between the symbiont and the host develops slowly, and can eventually grant telepathic and other psychic powers to the host."

"Oh wow! That sounds great! Anything also I need to know Todd?" Britney glanced over at Katie and rolled her eyes.

"Yah, there are a few more things:

"Prolonging the symbiont's need to feed will result in the host losing control of her mind. The symbiont will take over the host's body and seek nourishment on its own.

"The symbiont should be provided a varied diet. After 2 or 3 feedings from the same cock, you should find a new food source. This makes a monogamous relationship impossible.

"Penetrative sex by anything other than a large cock should be avoided.

"Hosts can no longer consume regular food. Only semen may be ingested."

"So let me get this straight, I have to have sex with a giant cock every other day, I can't wear any underwear, I'm only allowed to eat cum, and I'll be rewarded with mind-blowing orgasms and possible super powers?"

"Yes, I'm afraid so. I'm so sorry Britney."

"Don't be sorry! The more I think about it, I could really get into this! Of course I'd have to get used to not eating regular food, but the rest of it sounds awesome!"

"Well, I'm glad you understand. Any more questions?"

"Yes, are there others like me?"

"A few. Like I said, the instances of entering into the other dimension and bringing back a symbiont are very rare. And most of the hosts don't survive very long."

"What do you mean they don't survive very long?"

"Well, most of them refuse to feed their symbiont, go crazy, and kill themselves. But it seems that you were inclined to live this type of lifestyle from the beginning, so you'll probably be just fine."

"Just one more question, why did you and Derek run off earlier today? Were you not going to share all this information with me, knowing what had just happened?"

"Yah! That was very irresponsible of you!" interjected Katie.

"If we hadn't, there was a good chance that the symbiont would have killed you!"

"I don't understand."

"The symbiont is unconscious when it first enters our world, and doesn't fully integrated into its host's physiology for several hours. When it awakens for the first time, it's scared, confused, and desperately seeking comfort. The symbiont's desire to suckle at that time is so strong that it would have ripped itself out of your body to attach itself to one of our cocks!"

"Oh my God! It can't do that now, can it?"

"No, it's now fully integrated into your body and can no longer remove itself. And it wouldn't want to anyway. It's part of you now, just as you are a part of it."

"Oh, that sounds so sweet!" gushed Katie.

"Shut up!" scolded Britney.

"Well, if there are no more questions, Derek I need to get going."

"Hold on a minute, Todd, I'm not done!"

"Yah?"

"If we hadn't found you in the arcade, would you have come back to check on me?"

"Umm, yah. Sure! I would have called you!"

"Really? You would have called me to see if I was OK?"

"Yes, I would have."

"How would you have called me, Todd? I never gave you my phone number!"

"Umm, umm..." Todd knew he was caught in a lie. "Derek would have called Katie!"

"I never gave my number to Derek either!" announced Katie.

Britney was furious! "You never had any intentions on checking back with me, knowing full well what had just happened to me! Did you?"

"Umm, we were going to stop by your house after we were done at the arcade."

"Enough of the lies!" shouted Britney. She grabbed the baseball bat by the front door! "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't bash both of your heads in right now!"

Todd started stuttering, "We, we, we didn't mean it..."

"ARGH!" Britney swung the bat toward the guys and hit a nearby floor lamp! Shattered glass went everywhere! Todd and Derek recoiled in fear. Britney raised the bat, preparing to take another swing.

"Britney stop!" Katie grabbed the bat from behind. "You're over-reacting!"

"No I'm not! You saw what they did to me! They ruined my life!" Britney collapsed to the floor and began sobbing uncontrollably.
