 Chapter 1: Welcome to College

It was early afternoon when Britney and Katie finally arrived at the college. After finding a place to park and making their way onto the main campus, the orientation signs directed them into a large building called Campus Commons.

As they approached the building, Britney stopped, "Hold on minute, let me make myself more presentable!" She loosened the lacing on her top so it would show more of her cleavage. Her nipples were just barely covered! "What do think?"

"Nice! Very Nice! How do I look?" Katie was wearing a denim one-piece romper that buttoned down the front. She had all but the top buttons fastened.

"Here, let me fix it!" Britney undid most of the buttons above her waist. She stepped back to admire the modification, "Yah! Much better!"

"You don't think it's too much? I'm afraid I might fall out if I lean forward!"

"Don't lean forward then!"

"Ha! Ha! Very funny!" Katie refastened a couple of the buttons. "Now I'm ready!"

"You're such a prude!"

"Whatever!"

Inside was abuzz with people and excitement! Katie and Britney queued up in a line below a banner that read: New Student Orientation. When it was finally their turn, a handsome guy in a polo shirt and khaki pants called them to the table.

"Hello Ladies! Welcome to State College! My name is Scott. I'm one of the resident advisors. May I have your names?"

"I'm Katie Grant."

"And I'm Britney Davis."

Scott thumbed through several boxes of thick manila envelopes. "Alright, here's a packet for Katie, and one for Britney! Inside you'll find your assigned dorm room, key card, and other important information."

"Thank you!" replied the girls.

Scott then directed them over to an area that had been set up with chairs. "Please have a seat over there. The housing director will be giving a presentation in about 15 minutes. Afterwards you'll be broken up into smaller groups and given a tour of the campus and housing facilities."

"Will you be providing any of the tours?" asked Katie.

"I'm afraid not. But I'm sure I'll see you again during the orientation."

"Oh, I certainly hope so!" Katie winked at Scott and smiled!

"OK, um, thank you ladies, now if you'll excuse me, I have other new students to help."

"OK, bye Scott!"

"He was cute! You should have given him your phone number!" suggested Britney.

"Oh, thanks for reminding me! I need to call my mom!" Katie took out her phone and called. After a brief conversation, she ended the call. "She says Hello to you. And she heard about the boulder on the highway! I told her it must have happened after we passed through."

"Please, don't remind me..."

"Sorry! Hey, maybe you should call your mom too?"

"Why!?"

"Well, you don't want to seem too happy to be away from her, right?"

"Yah, maybe." Britney rolled her eyes and reluctantly called her mom. After checking in and letting her know that she made it safely to the college, her mom started nagging again. "Oh, Mom, I'm sorry but the housing director is about to start his presentation! I don't want to miss anything he says, especially about the dorm rules! Give Dad and Grandma my love. Love you too! Bye!" She ended the call. "What a Bitch! She started to tell me not to waste Grandma's money on junk food! I wonder what she would do if she found out her precious little girl only eats cum? Oh, she makes me so mad!"

"Don't let her aggravate you so much! Besides, we have more important things to talk about!"

"Oh, yah, like what?"

"Like whether or not we want to hook up with those guys over there? They've been checking us out ever since we sat down!"

The girls pretended not to notice them and looked through their orientation packets instead. Within a few minutes, the guys came over to them. "Hello there! I'm Chris and this is Mark. We were wondering if you might want some company."

"Hiya, Chris! Hiya Mark! I'm Katie and this my best friend, Britney! I don't think we'd mind if you sat with us, right Britney?"

"Not at all!"

The girls scooted down a seat so the boys could sit on each side of them. Chris was going to sit down next to Katie. Britney's nipples immediately hardened as he walked in front of her, and in her mind she could picture Chris' large cock swinging under his clothing!

"Wait!" she shouted. "Chris, how about you sit next to me?"

"OK!" He sat down next to Britney as instructed and Mark sat down to next to Katie.

Katie looked at Britney with a bewildered expression.

Britney looked at Katie and then shifted her eyes down to own her nipples. When Katie noticed the little tents under her top, she understood. Chris also noticed Britney's nipples, and couldn't take his eyes off of them! As for Mark, he was enjoying a side peek at Katie's boobs though her unbuttoned top! The guys made small talk with the girls, asking them where they were from, what they were planning to major in, etc. They were desperately trying to make a good first impression.

After about 10 minutes of idle chatter, Britney interrupted them. "Guys! Stop trying so hard! You've already picked us up! Come back with us to our room after orientation and Katie and I will show you a good time!"

The guys were caught off guard. "Really? Are you serious?"

"Well, yah! You obviously like us, and we like you! Right Katie?"

"That's right!" she replied.

The guys' faces were still full of disbelief. "You don't believe us? OK, hand me your packet!" Britney took out a pen and wrote down their dorm building and room number, followed by her cellphone number. "You guys give us a call tonight and we'll arrange a time for you to come over, OK?"

The guys finally realized that they weren't being played, and accepted the reality that they might be getting lucky tonight! About that time, the presentation began. Katie and Britney listened attentively to what the housing director had to say, while Chris and Mark continued to stare at their tits! After the presentation, everyone was broken into groups by dorm building, so they were going to be temporarily separated. Britney took Chris by the hand and looked him straight in the eyes. "You won't forget to call us tonight, right?"

"We'll definitely call you! Don't you worry!" he answered.

"Good, because Katie and I will definitely make it worth your while!" She then pulled him in close and kissed him passionately on the lips!

Katie and Mark did the same. "Don't disappoint us!"

"We won't! We promise!"

"OK, bye guys!"

As the guys left in their group, Katie whispered to Britney, "What the hell is going on?"

"It was the symbiont. It told me choose Chris!"

"It talked to you?"

"Not exactly... It projected another vision in my head. It showed me Chris' large cock! I saw it as if he was standing naked in front of me!"

"Todd did say that it would help you find guys with big dicks, but I'm not sure I like that you passed Mark onto me without asking first. Luckily both guys are really cute, so I don't mind!"

"That's just the thing Katie, I didn't have a choice in the matter. The symbiont made me choose Chris!"

"It was controlling your mind?"

"Maybe. I don't know. I just hope it recognizes the guys I find attractive and only chooses them."

"Well, if I see you hitting on an ugly guy, I'll step in and stop you!"

"Thanks!"

The girls joined their group and toured the campus and dorms. About two hours later they returned to the Commons building and were released until orientation activities resumed the next morning. Almost everyone went to their dorm rooms to unpack. Katie and Britney did too.

Their room was a typical dorm room with two closets, two chest of drawers, two beds and two desks. Britney and Katie looked at the room and frowned.

"I don't like it!"

"Me neither!"

Katie did some calculating in her head. "I think it will work!"

"What will work?"

"If we move this desk over to that wall, and turn the bed along that wall, then the other bed can slide up against it."

"And we'll have one king-size bed! Katie you're brilliant!"

The girls rearranged their room according to Katie's plan. Being satisfied with the setup, only then did they unpack their clothes and other belongings. When they were done, the room looked cozy and comfortable. It was 5 pm and Katie was hungry.

"Let's go get something to eat!" She immediately regretted what she said. "Honey, I'm so sorry! I forgot!"

"No! Don't apologize for being normal! You go ahead and eat. I kind of wanted to walk around and get familiar with the building and the surrounding area anyway."

"OK, I'll be back as soon as I can!"

After Katie left, Britney started exploring. It was a 3-story building with two wings. Each floor had a single bathroom on each wing, one male and one female. Since their room was on the wing opposite the female bathroom, they would have to walk the farthest to get to the showers. Britney thought this was the perfect opportunity for some exhibitionism! As she walked down the hallway, she read the names on the doors of all her dorm-mates. If the doors were open, she would stop and introduce herself. If she happened to find them attractive, she would flirt and make it known that she was available! Katie returned from the cafeteria a little after Britney returned from her self-guided tour.

"How was the food?"

"It was OK. Not as good as Mom's of course. Oh, and I met a couple of cute guys!"

"Me too!" Britney proceeded to name them all off, including their room number, where they are from, what they look like, etc.

"Wow! How do you remember all that after only meeting them one time?"

"I don't know, I just remember. Strange, huh?" Suddenly Britney's phone rang. She answered it. "Hello!" ... "Oh, hey Chris! We've been waiting for you to call. We were starting to worry you and Mark might have stood us up." ... "Can you come over in 30 minutes? Katie and I are going to go take a shower first." ... "Sounds good! We'll leave our door open for you guys in case we aren't done in the shower when you get here. Come on in and make yourself comfortable." ... "Awesome! We can't wait either!" Britney put down her phone and looked at Katie. "Are you ready to get laid for the first time as a college girl?"

"You know I am!"

 

Chapter 2: The First Night

The girls took off their clothes, wrapped a bathrobe around their body, and walked down the hallway to the showers. Along the way, they stopped to talk to the other residents. Britney introduced Katie to them, again recalling perfectly everyone's name and where they were from. The girls weren't the least bit concerned about how exposed they were wearing just a robe! Eventually they made their way to the showers. The showers were divided into separate stalls, so they wouldn't get to shower together, but they could stand naked together in front of the mirror along sink cabinet. As they showered, Katie complained that she needed to shave her legs and arm pits again. Britney realized that it was time for her to do the same, but she was pleasantly surprised to find that she didn't need to.

After drying off and standing in front of the mirror, Britney asked Katie to look at her arm pit. "Do you see any hairs growing back?"

"No. None at all. In fact, I don't even see any follicles!"

"This is really strange Katie! Even my legs are smooth!"

"It must be one of the side-effects of your symbiont."

"I know, it's like my symbiont knows what I like and don't like, and tries to make me happy! First it erased my scar, then gave me bigger tits, and now eliminated all my body hair! This is great!"

"Well, try not to brag too much!"

"Sorry!"

"We better hurry, I bet the guys are waiting for us!"

The girls finished up in the bathroom and walked back down the hall to their room. When they got there, Chris and Mark were already there, sitting in the chairs. "Hey guys! Sorry to keep you waiting."

"No problem. We've only been here about 5 minutes." replied Mark.

"We like what you've done with the room." said Chris, "Its interesting making one big bed!"

"Oh thanks! Britney and I are very close. We do everything together, including sleeping."

The guys gave them a funny look.

"I know what you're thinking!" said Britney, "No, we aren't lesbians, but we do enjoy satisfying each other when the need arises! Isn't that right Katie?"

"That's right! And right now we're both very horny!" The girls removed their robes, walked over to their guy, and straddled him on the chair! They started French kissing, twisting their tongues together in each other's mouths. The girls reached down and pulled their guy's shirt off, and pressed their naked torsos together! The guys grabbed their girl's ass cheeks and pulled them in closer! The kissing and petting got heavier and Chris reached down to touch Britney's pussy.

Britney suddenly jumped off of him! "No!" she shouted! "You can't touch me there!" She was afraid that her pussy would open up and Chris would know she's some sort of freak!

"Geez! What's your problem? I thought you wanted to fool around?"

"Oh I do! I definitely do!" Britney was feeling really embarrassed. "It's just that..." She needed to come up with a reason, any reason, for her odd behavior. "I, umm, decided that my pussy is for cock only!"

The guys were staring at Britney like she was crazy. Katie realized that she needed some help, so she quickly intervened. "Britney and I have a wager going on as to who will masturbate first, and the loser is the one who puts anything in their pussy other than a hard cock! That means no vibrators, dildos, or fingers!"

"So if you had fingered me, I would have lost the bet."

"But that's not masturbating if I do it." replied Chris.

"It doesn't matter! Katie and I are very competitive. She would have disqualified me!"

"That's right! I plan to win this bet, even if it's on a technicality!"

"So how about you guys get naked already? Or are you a couple of cunt-teasers?"

Mark started to strip down, but Chris suddenly looked a little uneasy.

"Don't tell me you're scared to be naked in front of your friend?" asked Britney.

"No, it's nothing like that." replied Chris.

"Then what it is?"

"I'm not bragging, but I have a freakishly big dick. I haven't been able to have sex with most of the girls I've been with because it hurt them too much. I'm afraid that might happen again and ruin the mood for everyone. Plus, I don't want Mark to feel inferior."

"Chris, would it make you feel better to know that I chose you specifically because of your big dick?"

"Really? How did you know?"

"I just did, OK! Call it a girl's intuition. Now do you want to get laid or not?"

Chris immediately removed his clothes. His large cock sprang to attention! Mark glanced over at his friend. "Damn Chris! What have you been feeding that thing? It's huge!" Everyone laughed.

The girls had them sit back down on the chairs. "You two relax and let us do the fucking!" said Katie proudly. Katie straddled Mark again and lowered her pussy over his hard cock! She grabbed into the back of the chair and started bouncing in his lap! Mark fondled her breasts and ass as she fucked him!

Britney didn't immediately mount Chris. "Listen, this might get a little weird, but please don't freak out. I guarantee you will enjoy it."

Chris looked her directly in her eyes, "Go ahead!"

Britney slowly lowered herself down onto his giant cock! To her surprise, her pussy acted normal. Inch by inch she sunk his cock deeper and deeper inside until it completely disappeared!

"Wow Britney! I've never met a girl who could take the whole thing on the first time like that!"

"I'm pretty sure you've never met a girl like me, period!"

She raised her pussy up to the top of his pole, and slid it down again! Still nothing strange had happened, so she picked up the pace. Soon she was bouncing up and down just like Katie was on Mark!

"Oh God! Britney you feel amazing! I've never been able to do this before!"

"I'm so glad I could accommodate you! You feel pretty damn amazing yourself!"

Britney suddenly felt her symbiont awaken! A rush of mental awareness flooded her body! She glanced down and watched her nipples harden!

"Oh! Look who's enjoying herself!" exclaimed Chris.

"OK, get ready! Weird shit is about to happen!" warned Britney.

"What are you talking about? This feels... OH MY GOD! What just happened?!" The symbiont suddenly grabbed hold of Chris' cock and pulled it in deeper!

"Stay with me Chris!" Britney wrapped her arms around him and held him tight. The symbiont started nursing! Muscles around its inner chamber started contracting rhythmically around Chris' cock, creating a constant sucking sensation!

"This is incredible! How are you doing this?"

"Enjoy the ride Chris! Just enjoy the ride!"

"Oh God! Oh God! I'm going to cum!"

"Hang on Chris!"

"Ah! Ah! Aaaah! Aaaaaaaaah!" cried Chris as he started cumming! The symbiont telepathically took control of the muscles responsible for his ejaculation and kept them pumping past the normal 3-5 second male orgasm! "Oh God! This is incredible! Ohhhh!"

The symbiont continued milking his cock until it was completely drained and stopped spurting! Having been fed, it released endorphins into Britney's nervous system! Milliseconds later when they hit her brain, she was rewarded with a multidimensional orgasm! She arched her back and screamed out in sexual ecstasy! Time stopped and her mind was transported to a world of pure happiness and love! She floated in clouds that caressed every part of her body, inundating every nerve with a feeling of pure pleasure! Her consciousness wanted to remain there forever, forsaking her human body for eternity. Suddenly a flash of bright white light returned her to reality! She slowly regained awareness of her surroundings.

"Britney! Britney! Come back to me girlfriend!"

She opened her eyes and saw Katie, Chris, and Mark leaning over her. "Where am I?"

"You're lying on the bed in our dorm room," answered Katie.

"Yah, you passed out after having what I think was some kind of super orgasm!" said Chris.

"Yes, and it was beautiful! Thank you Chris!"

"No thank you Britney! I've never cum so hard in all my life as I did with you tonight! I thought I was going to pass out too!"

Britney reached up and started stroking Chris' cock! "How about we do it again?"

"How about we trade partners? I wanted to fuck Katie to begin with, not her friend with the small tits!"

"What the fuck did you just say?" Britney immediately sat up on the bed.

"I didn't say anything!"

"Yes you did! You said you wanted to fuck Katie instead of me!"

"Great! She's a psychotic bitch too!"

Britney was furious! "Oh, so you think I'm a psychotic bitch? I'll show you psychotic!" She took a firm grip of his cock and pulled him over to her desk.

"Ow! Ow! Ow! Take it easy!"

Britney grabbed a pair of scissors out of the desk drawer. "You said you have a problem finding girls who can accommodate your big dick! How about I solve that problem for you?" She positioned the scissors at the base of his shaft and started to squeeze the handles!

"Oh God! Somebody stop her!" he cried.

Katie quickly intervened. "Britney! Put the scissors down now!"

"But you heard what he said!"

"He didn't say anything!"

"Yes he did! He said that he wanted to fuck you instead, that I had small tits, and that I was a psychotic bitch!"

"No he didn't!"

Britney suddenly realized that something was wrong. She dropped the scissors and collapsed on the floor.

Katie looked at Chris and Mark, "I'm so sorry. She's been under a lot of stress lately. It's probably best that you leave now."

"You don't have to ask me twice!" replied Chris. He and Mark quickly put their clothes on and left the room.

Katie helped Britney back to bed. "I heard him say those things! You got to believe me!"
