 Chapter 1: The Weekend

The weekend arrived and the college was crawling with students moving back into the dorms! Most of the time you couldn't walk down the hallways because of all the suitcases and boxes in the way! Britney and Katie were happy that they were already moved into their room and stayed out of everyone's way. But they made it a point to say hello to all the handsome guys as they passed by their door! The girls were of course dressed in some of their most alluring clothing! Britney also had the opportunity to meet Dave's grandmother. After all the introductions, Grandma and Britney sat down at one of the tables in the dorm's common area.

"I'm glad to finally get to meet you Mrs. Kalinowski!"

"Oh, just call me Grandma K, like everyone else does."

"OK Grandma K! Dave has told me a lot about you."

"And he's talked a lot about you too, Honey! And I can see why, you're quite the looker!"

Britney started blushing. "Thank you! Dave also told me about your sister Eileen and her abilities."

"Oh, he did? We tend not to talk about her too much."

"Well, he only told me because it seems that I have similar abilities."

The old lady's attitude suddenly became very somber! "Oh my poor Dear! I'm so sorry! You don't deserve this, no one does!"

"So you know why I have these abilities?"

"Yes. Yes, I do. A romantic encounter gone awry, am I right?"

"Yes, so it would seem."

"The creature that lives within you will take care of you, but you must also take care of it in return!"

"Yes I know. I was wondering if you could share any information about how your sister managed her life with her symbiont?"

"Well, she had to have frequent relations, but I'm sure you already knew that. It was difficult for her, because back in our day young girls didn't act that way. So, she ran away and joined a traveling carnival. It kept her moving from town to town and allowed her to have the relations that she needed. Plus, her special abilities proved very profitable for the carnival owner, so they took good care of her!"

"What abilities did she have exactly?"

"Oh, she could do the most amazing things! She could read minds, foresee the future, move things by just thinking about them, and she could make people do things against their will!"

"Really, like what?"

"Oh, silly things like bark like a dog, walk like a penguin, stuff like that."

"Was that all?"

"I'm certain that she could do a lot more, but she never told me and I didn't ask."

"What makes you think that?"

"It seemed that where ever the carnival went, really peculiar occurrences followed!"

"Like what?"

"I'd rather not say. Some things are best left unsaid."

"Please Grandma K, it's important!"

"I'm sorry, but I've already said too much! It was nice talking with you Britney. Good day!"

"But Grandma K!"

"I said good day!"

The old lady stood up and walked back to her grandson's room. Britney had hoped to learn more about her condition, but it seemed she was left with more questions than answers.

Britney went back to her room and told Katie about her conversation with Dave's grandmother.

"So you can apparently move things with your mind and hypnotize people?"

"At least that's what her sister could do."

"That's interesting! Try moving something! Let's start with something easy like this pencil!" Katie set a pencil on the desk. "OK, try to push it with your mind!"

Britney focused on the pencil. "Nothing's happening!"

"Try picturing it in the location you want it to go!"

Britney focused harder on the pencil, but still nothing happened. "I don't get it. I can read Doug and Dave's minds all the time, and I could picture Chris' large cock under his pants."

"Well, what was different then compared to now?"

Britney thought carefully, then it dawned on her! "Katie! I think I know what it is!"

"What? Tell me!"

"I need to be sexually aroused!"

"Seriously?!"

"Yah, every time I've been able to use my powers, I was horny and my nipples were hard!"

"So your symbiont needs to be awake?"

"I think so. Let's try it!" Britney removed her top and started massaging her nipples. As they hardened, she felt the symbiont awaken. "OK, it's awake! Let me try moving the pencil now." She focused on the pencil. In her mind she pictured where she wanted it to go. Britney and Katie were both surprised when it rolled across the table!

"Oh my God! Britney! You did it!" shouted Katie.

"Wait, wait, wait! Let me try something else!" Suddenly the pencil stood up vertically on its tip! "I think I'm getting the hang of it! Now watch this!" The pencil then rose above the desk and floated over to Katie. "Hold out your hand!"

Katie held her hand out and the pencil came down and rested in her palm. Of course Britney actually didn't do anything. She simply instructed the symbiont to do it for her.

"Britney that was amazing!"

"I know right!? Do you mind if I try some mind control on you?"

"I don't know if I like the idea."

"I promise I won't make you hurt yourself or do anything that will make you mad."

"OK, but if you humiliate me, I'm going to twist your nipples until you cry!"

Britney focused her attention on Katie.

"Nothing's happening!" touted Katie.

"Shush! Be quiet!" Again, in her mind Britney imagined what she wanted Katie to do, which in turn told the symbiont what to do. Katie's facial expression suddenly went blank and she acted like she was in a trance! Britney took out her smartphone and began recording. "OK, Katie, remove your top." Without any hesitation, she pulled her top up and over her head. "Now, remove your bra." Katie reached behind her back and unhooked the main strap. When she did, her large breasts spilled forth, escaping the confines of the double-D cup! Her tits bounced and shimmied, and finally settled on her chest. "Now, I want you to lick your nipples!" Katie reached down and lifted her fleshy melons up to her chin. She stuck out her tongue and began licking one nipple and then the other! "OK, you can stop licking them and put your top back on." Katie put her top back on without the bra, the fabric stretching tight across her unrestrained breasts underneath. Britney stopped recording and then broke her concentration with Katie.

"Like I said, nothing's happening!" touted Katie again.

"Are you sure?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" Britney motioned to the bra laying on the floor. Katie leaned over to pick it up. That's when she felt her tits shift loosely under her top. "What the hell?!" She sat back up and grabbed her boobs with her hands. "How did you remove my bra?!"

"I didn't! You did! Here watch..." Britney handed her the phone.

Katie started watching the video. "I never did this! Wait! What the fuck!" Britney busted out laughing! "That's not funny Britney!"

"Yes it is!"

"No it's not!"

"Would you have done that if I asked you to?"

"You know I would, just because you can't, because your tits aren't big enough!"

"Then why are you so angry?"

"I'm angry because I didn't know I was doing it! Promise me you won't ever control me like that again!"

"Sure, whatever!"

"Promise me!"

"OK, I promise not to control you ever again!"

"Thanks! Now let me delete this video!" She removed the recording from the phone and threw it back at Britney.

"Hey! Be careful! You could have broken it!"

"Whatever!" Katie contemplated putting her bra back on. "Nah, I think I'll go all-natural for the rest of the day." She reached up and tickled her nipples until they hardened. "Yep, this looks much better!"

"For once, I agree with you!" said Britney.

The girls spent the rest of the day flirting with all the guys who passed by their door. Britney of course remembered each and every one of them, thanks to her symbiont's memory skills.

Chapter 2: Saturday Night

Later that evening, Doug and Dave stopped by to visit.

"So what did you talk about with my grandma?" asked Dave, "She was pretty riled up afterwards."

"I asked her about her sister and confirmed that she was indeed a host for a symbiont like me."

"Then why was she upset?"

"She mentioned that her sister might have been responsible for the strange happenings that followed the carnival. When I asked her for more details, she stopped talking and left."

"She never said anything about any strange happenings to me."

"I don't think she meant to tell me. Do you happen to know what carnival your great aunt worked for?"

"She never said, but I remember seeing the carnival's logo on some of her belongings after the funeral. It was a monkey riding a unicycle wearing a jester's hat."

"There can't be too many carnivals with that kind of logo. I'll look for it online and see what I can find!"

Just then there was a knock at the door. It was Dennis, one of the guys that Katie met when she was soliciting donations for Britney a few days ago. He was one of the lucky ones who got to see more than just her breasts that day! Dennis was tall and muscular, and resembled a young Clark Kent, including the glasses. Katie wanted to find out if he was a Superman in bed!

"Hey Katie! Some friends and I were going to play some parlor games over in the rec room, and I was wondering if you and your friends wanted to join us?"

"I'd love to play Dennis! How about you guys?" Britney, Doug and Dave all agreed. "Um, Dennis, will your roommate be there?"

"Of course!"

Katie glanced over at Britney and winked. Britney knew that he must be one of the well-endowed guys that Katie took note of for her.

The rec room had a large round table which was perfect for playing cards, dominoes, dice, etc. There were also a couple of TVs, some couches, a ping pong table, and other recreational equipment.

Dennis introduced his friends, "This is Randy, my roommate, and Becky and Silvia our next door neighbors."

Katie introduced Britney, Doug and Dave to the group.

"This is perfect! We can pair off evenly into four teams!" said Dennis.

Britney suddenly intervened, "Great idea! Doug, you pair up with Becky, and Dave with Silvia! I'll pair with Randy and Katie with Dennis!"

"Who died and made you queen?" asked Katie with a snarky attitude.

"Trust me, I know what I'm doing!"

Everyone was happy with Britney's suggestions and sat next to their partners. They played a bunch of different games and were having a lot of fun together. Britney tried not to read anyone's mind during game play, but she did pry a little into Becky and Silvia's thoughts to know that they were really attracted to Doug and Dave! Doug and Dave were attracted to them as well, but Doug was still hung up on his girlfriend back home. Britney attempted to talk to Doug telepathically. She reached up and nonchalantly tickled her nipples into an erection! When she made the connection, Doug stopped what he was doing and looked directly at Britney.

"Doug, I know you're attracted to Becky, and she's really attracted to you!"

"I know, and I feel guilty about it!"

"Why?"

"Because I promised my girlfriend I would remain faithful."

"And did she make the same promise to you?"

Doug didn't answer right away. He was recalling the night they said goodbye to each other and realized that she ever made the same promise.

"She didn't, did she?"

"No she didn't!" He was angry at himself for not realizing sooner. "Thanks Britney!"

Britney severed their mental connection, and she watched as Doug suddenly showed more interest in Becky. Katie was of course turning on all the charms for Dennis! If everything went as she planned, their night would definitely be ending in some hot and heavy sex! As for Randy, he didn't seem especially interested in Britney. And Britney wasn't especially attracted to him either. He wasn't ugly or anything, just not her type. But she sensed that he had a big dick, and her symbiont was due for a feeding, so she went along with plan.

As the night progressed, it was evident that the all of the couples wanted to get to know each other more intimately, so Britney decided to liven up the game by suggesting a clothing penalty every time someone lost. Everyone liked the idea! However, this time Britney used her mind reading skills to manipulate the game. She ensured that Doug, Becky, Dave and Silvia would lose their clothing before everyone else. She wanted to make sure they had the best opportunity to get intimate! After several rounds of play, she had coaxed all four of them down to their underwear! Becky and Silvia were now very nervous! If they lost the next round, they would have to remove either their bra or their panties! Britney sensed their apprehension, so she made herself lose the next round. Everyone at the table was eager to see her have to finally remove some of her clothes.

"Oh, damn! I lost!" said Britney.

"That's right you lost! Now lose an article of clothing!" said Randy.

"Lucky for you I'm not wearing a bra, huh?" Britney removed her top and exposed her breasts to everyone at the table! With her symbiont being awake, her nipples were rock hard.

"Hey Britney! Are you cold or just excited to see everyone?" teased Randy.

Everyone else at the table cheered and applauded. Britney sensed some relief from Becky and Silvia. She was certain that they now wouldn't mind removing their bras when it was their turn. So, after the next round of game play, they lost. Becky and Silvia feigned embarrassment. They acted like they couldn't go through with it.

"Come on girls! Those are the rules!" Britney reminded them. "I had to take my top off, so it's only fair that you do too!"

After further encouragement from everyone at the table, Becky and Silvia succumbed to peer pressure! They closed their eyes, reached behind their back, and unhooked their bra strap. At the same time, they release their hold on their bra and let it fall from their chest, releasing their beautiful breasts for all to admire! Becky was a petite blonde with blue eyes, freckles, and perky tits with tight pink nipples and areolas. She was the cute 'girl next door' that everyone had a crush on. Sylvia was Korean with straight black hair, brown eyes, and rather large breasts for an Asian. Her dark nipples and areola complimented beautifully with her golden skin. She was alluring and exotic. The guys now couldn't take their eyes off their partner! Their lust for each other overcame them and they began making out! The girls ended up sitting in their guy's lap while they kissed and groped each other! 

"Hey, maybe you all should take that back to your rooms, huh?" suggested Britney. It was the excuse they were waiting for! The couples collected their clothing and quickly hurried off together. Doug and Becky went to his room and Dave and Silvia went to hers. "Have fun you guys!" Britney shouted.

Katie and Dennis got up from the table too. "We're going to back to our room!" said Katie, "Do you mind going with Randy to his room?"

"No problem! You two have fun!"

"Oh, we will!" replied Katie devilishly.

Britney and Randy were left alone at the table. "So, I guess we ought to back to your room, huh?" asked Britney.

"Or we could stay here and play some more games."

That's when Britney realized that Randy wasn't attracted to her either. "Yah, sure! That would be OK too. I suppose I should put my top back on then, huh?"

"Might be a good idea."

Britney peered deeper into his mind and learned that he was actually gay! She also learned that he was keeping it a secret. "Um, Randy."

"Yes?"

"Are you gay?"

"No! I'm not gay!"

"Oh come on, you can be honest with me! I won't tell anyone!"

"What makes you think I'm gay?"

"Not wanting to go back to your room with me."

"Maybe you're just not my type?"

"Oh, you mean I'm not a guy?"

"I didn't say that!"

"Look, women have a sense about these things, and I get the strong feeling that you're gay."

"OK, so what if I am?"

"Then why keep it a secret? College is the time to find yourself and be the person you want to be!"

Randy paused for a moment, "It's my dad. If he found out, he would disown me and stop paying for my college. My plan is to finish college first, then I'll come out of the closet."

"Well, if you're wanting to keep it a secret, don't you think we should go back to your room to keep up the appearance?"

"You have a point. But what do you care?"

"Let's just say we're in the position to help each other. I can help keep your homosexuality a secret, and you can give me something I need."

"And just what do you need from me?"

"Your big cock!"

Randy suddenly looked surprised! "And just how do you know I have a large cock?"

"Umm, Katie told me."

"Oh yah, from her sorority pledge. So what about it?"

"I need you to fuck me with it!"

"I already told, you're not my type! I'm not sexually aroused by women!"

"But you got hard in front of Katie!"

Randy didn't say anything.

"Oh! You were watching Dennis, weren't you?"

Randy neither confirmed nor denied the allegation.

"I wonder if that's something Dennis should know about, hum?" Britney was attempting to blackmail Randy.

"It would be your word against mine!" Randy stood up from the table. "We're done here!"

Britney could tell that she wasn't getting anywhere with him, so she knew she would need to resort to mind control. She followed Randy back to his room. She stood in front of his door and pulled her top down to expose her breasts. When the symbiont made contact, she instructed Randy to open the door and let her in. He obeyed and Britney entered the room. Once in his room, Britney began removing her clothes. "Go ahead and take your clothes off too, Randy." Randy removed his clothes. His giant cock hung down limp between his legs. The symbiont sensed the presence of the large cock and released its pheromones. The cock immediately hardened into full erection! Britney remarked at its length and girth, and what a shame it was that Randy was denying women its pleasure! She sat down on the edge of his bed, laid back, and spread her legs. "OK, I want you to fuck me now!" Randy obeyed. He approached Britney and guided the tip of his cock toward her pussy. He inserted the head into her opening and then drove the entire length deep inside her! Her labia were stretched so tightly around his staff that her clit popped up like a nipple! Randy began thrusting his giant cock in and out of her pussy. She could feel it stretch her internally as it passed in and out of her canal!

Within moments the symbiont took over. It gripped the thick shaft and began the milking process. Randy tried to keep thrusting, but the symbiont had such a strong grip on his cock that Britney's entire body moved with him, as if he was pushing and pulling on her leg! Cum soon erupted from his cock! For a nearly 30 seconds it spurted thick jizz directly into the symbiont's mouth! When it was finished feeding, it released its hold on Randy's cock and flooded Britney's nervous system with endorphins. The telepathic connection with Randy was severed as Britney's consciousness vanished into her own orgasm! Randy was suddenly returned to reality and awoke to find his cock buried inside Britney. His initial reaction was that of disgust, and he pulled out of her immediately. He felt nauseous at the thought of having had sex with her. A few minutes later, Britney returned from her orgasmic dimension and regained consciousness. She looked over at Randy. He was sitting in the chair with his now limp cock hanging over the edge of the seat.

"You are a bad person! I don't know what you did or how you did it, but it was wrong!"

"I'm sorry Randy, but I really needed this!"

"Please leave! And don't talk to me ever again!"

Britney put on her clothes and left his room. As she walked down the hall, she paused outside of Becky's room. Inside she could hear the soft moaning of sexual pleasure. She wondered what they were doing. Suddenly she could see inside the room! The symbiont had granted her photokinesis! They were currently enjoying oral sex together in the 69 position! She walked down to Doug and Dave's room. Inside she could see Silvia riding Dave cowgirl style! And in her own room, she saw Katie and Dennis going at it strong! Dennis was holding Katie upside down! She was sucking his dick while he ate her pussy, in a standing 69 position! Britney was happy that all her friends were enjoying themselves, especially Doug and Dave, but she was feeling melancholy. Her encounter with Randy was a necessity, a means of feeding her symbiont. Yes, she enjoyed her orgasm afterwards, but she felt guilty for using Randy. And she felt lonely, not having anyone to enjoy the night with. She decided to head back to the rec room and watch TV until Katie and Dennis were done fucking. And knowing Katie, they would be busy for quite a while!
