 Chapter 1: The Full Pitcher

Katie unlocked the door and stormed into the room. "That is that last time I ever do anything like that ever again!" announced Katie. Doug followed behind her. She was caught off guard finding Britney standing naked with Sam in the middle of the room. "And what the hell are you two doing?!" Sam was frantically buttoning her shirt.

"Oh, nothing! I... I was just going to go take a quick shower!" Britney quickly put on her robe.

"Yeah right! You're a terrible liar! Anyway, I got your damn semen! I hope you're happy!"

"What happened?" asked Britney.

"Go ahead! Tell them what happened Doug!"

"Well, since we were on a roll, so to speak, we decided to hit up all the dorms. Everything was going great until we visited this one particular room."

"And?"

"I'm getting there. It was a suite with six guys in it! All of them agreed to donate to the cause. Except at the last minute, instead of cumming into the pitcher, they aimed at Katie and blasted her!"

"That's right! I got cum in my hair, my face, my eyes, everywhere! It was so fucking humiliating! Aarrrgh! I need to go take a shower right now!"

"But the good news is that we completely filled the pitcher!" Doug handed over nearly 32 ounces of semen to Britney and Sam. "Here! Take it! I've seen and smelled enough cum to last me a lifetime!" Doug left the room right after Katie.

Sam and Britney stared at the pitcher. "That's a hell of a lot semen!" exclaimed Sam.

"It sure is! Doesn't look delicious?!"

"Eeeew! No!" Sam made a revolting face. "I went down on my abusive boyfriend a couple of times, I hated it! The taste, texture, and smell, so disgusting! Just looking at this pitcher makes me want to vomit!"

"It's definitely an acquired taste! And right now it's looking really good to me!" Britney picked up the pitcher and started to bring it up to her lips.

"Wait! What are you doing?"

"I'm suddenly so thirsty!"

"No! It's for the experiment! You can't drink that now!"

"Please! Just a couple mouths full! I need it!"

Sam gabbed the pitcher and took it away from Britney. "This is for mixing with the tapioca!"

"Then mix it with the pudding! I want some now!"

"OK! OK! Give me a minute and we'll get started!" Sam opened up her backpack and took out some beakers, siphons, and other measuring devices. She mixed up another 10% pudding solution and gave it to Britney. She had no problem keeping it down! "That's great! It shows that the symbiont remembered the last dosage!" said Sam excitedly. She wrote the results down in a notebook.

"How soon before the next dose?" Britney was eager to swallow some more!

"Based on the amount that you ingested and the average human digestion time, I'd say you could eat again in 20 minutes. Are you feeling the same energy rush that you felt before?"

"Not so much. But I'm still kind of tired from the hospital, so that might affect how I feel."

"Well, let me know if you sense any changes with you or the symbiont. We still don't know how the pudding will affect either of you."

Katie returned from the showers a little while later. "Have you ever tried to wash cum out of your hair? It's not easy! Oh! If ever see those guys again, I'm going to let them have it!"

"What made them think they could do that to you?" asked Britney.

"They said afterwards that they were doing me a favor, and that any sorority girl should be prepared for a gang bang at any time. What jerks!" Katie removed her towel and started drying her hair with it. She didn't care that she was naked in front of Sam. "So, how's your science project coming along?" Sam was staring at Katie. She was completely enthralled with her nude body! "Hello! Sam!"

"Huh?"

"How's the weaning process?"

"Oh! Britney just swallowed another 10% pudding mixture with no gagging. We are about to attempt a 20% mixture." Sam measured out a precise amount of pudding and semen, mixed it together, and handed it to Britney.

"Through the teeth and over the gums, look out stomach, here it comes!" joked Britney as she swallowed down the thick mixture.

"How do you feel?" asked Sam.

"A little nauseous, but not too bad. I think I'll be OK."

"That's great!" Sam wrote down the results in her notebook.

"Hey! I was wondering," asked Katie, "if this works, and you get Britney weaned off of semen, will the symbiont still need to feed directly from a cock?"

"I was wondering the same thing, and I think I have a solution." said Sam, "I found a large strap-on dildo online that has a tube in the middle for pumping out fake cum. It could easily be filled with pudding!"

"Ooooh! Show me!" said Britney excitedly.

Sam sat down at Britney's laptop and navigated to the website. The girls spent the rest of the evening looking at dildos and other sex related items. Every 20 minutes they would pause to prepare another dose for Britney. They would repeat the same dosage until Britney no longer felt nauseous or had any other ill effects. As the night progressed, the pudding content of her doses increased, as well as the contents of their online shopping cart! Britney discovered that Sam had an interest in BDSM (Bondage & Discipline, Domination & Submission, and Sadism & Masochism), so her cart contained a lot of leather clothing, whips, chains, and other erotic items! When Britney was able to consume 100% pudding without any nausea or retching, she pressed the purchase button on the website in celebration!

"Sam you did it! I can't believe it! Thank you!"

"You're so welcome! I'm actually surprised how easy it was to re-condition your symbiont. I expected it to take at least 6 weeks or more."

"Well it didn't and now I can eat pudding! Yea!"

"I'm happy for you two, I really am. But it's late and I've an early class tomorrow. So can we go to bed now?" whined Katie.

"Sure! Sorry to keep you up so late!" said Sam. She kissed Britney good night and took the remaining semen with her.

"What are you going to do with that?" asked Katie.

"We can use it in lab for research and analysis. It's not often we get this much to sample!"

Sam left the room and Britney and Katie got ready for bed. Britney took the time to eat one more pudding before turning in!

"Careful! You eat too many of those and you're liable to give yourself a stomachache!" warned Katie.

"Let me know how you feel when you finally get to eat after two weeks of nothing but cum!" Britney scraped the bottom of the cup with her spoon to get the last of the tapioca. "Mmmm! So good!"

Chapter 2: An Unexpected Reaction

Britney tossed and turned all night. As Katie had warned her, the pudding had given her a stomachache. Around the middle of the night, Britney woke up Katie. "I'm not feeling so good!"

"I told you not to eat so much pudding! But did you listen? No!"

"It's more than just a stomachache, I feel bad all over!"

Katie turned on the light and was horrified by what she saw! Britney looked like death warmed over! She had dark circles under her eyes and her skin was pale and sickly! "Oh my God Britney! Something's definitely wrong with you!"

Britney pulled the sheets back to sit up and screamed! Between her legs she saw green slime oozing from her pussy! She tried to stand up but a fierce pain in her groin prevented her from moving! "My symbiont! I think it's dying! I can't sense anything from it!"

"Oh God! Oh God! What do I do?" Katie started to panic.

"Go get Sam!"

Katie put on her robe and ran upstairs to Sam's room. "Sam! Come quick! Something's wrong with Britney! She thinks the symbiont's dying!"

"Oh no! I was afraid this might happen! I hope were not too late!" Sam grabbed the leftover semen from her refrigerator and rushed back downstairs to Britney.

When Sam and Katie got back to the room, they found Britney curled up in the fetal position on the floor! She was cold, clammy and semi-conscious!

"Oh no Britney!" Sam rushed to her side. "This is all my fault! I should never have thought to change your diet." Sam started crying uncontrollably.

"Don't blame yourself Sam, you were only trying help!" reassured Katie.

Sam wiped the tears from her eyes and opened the jar of semen. "I hope this helps. If it doesn't, I don't know what else to do!" She helped Britney swallow down the milky fluid. Sam then sat on the floor and rocked Britney in her arms. "Britney, please don't die! I need you!" About an hour later, Britney suddenly regained consciousness. "Sweetie! Are you OK? What's happening?" cried Sam.

"It's the symbiont! It's conscious again!" Britney quickly covered her pussy with her hands! "Oh no! It's going to vomit! Sam! Katie! Get out of the way!" Britney leaned back and spread her legs. Her pussy started retching and heaving! Suddenly her labia folded back and the front of her pussy blossomed open, exposing the symbiont's fleshy opening! It started forcibly expelling the green slim, spitting it out across the floor! "This is so disgusting!" Britney was frantically shaking her hands as if the slime had gotten all over her. "How gross! It's splattered everywhere!"

"Don't worry about that! How are you feeling?" asked Katie.

"Better I think."

"You look better! Your skin color has returned!" said Sam. Britney stood up and sat down in one of the chairs. Sam rushed to her side. "Oh Baby! I so glad you're OK! If I had lost you, I don't know what I would have done!"

"I hate to be the barer of bad news, but I don't think we're out of the woods yet!" said Katie.

"Why do you say that?" asked Britney.

"Look!" Katie pointed to Britney's pussy. It hadn't closed back up like it normally would!

"Oh shit! Not again!" Britney lamented.

"What do you mean, not again?" asked Sam.

"The last time this happened, the symbiont was hungry and had to be fed immediately!" answered Katie.

"Where are we going to find someone to feed it and this hour?!" said Sam hysterically.

"Quiet!" Britney was trying to listen to the symbiont. "It's trying to communicate, but I don't know what..."

Britney suddenly stopped talking and her eye's rolled back into her head! She had entered into what seemed like a trance. Sam and Katie tried to wake her, but it was no use! Britney was unresponsive to their efforts! Britney suddenly stood up and walked out the door naked. Her friends tried to stop her, but anytime they went to touch her, they were stopped short.

"Oh no! The symbiont has taken over her body! We were warned that this could happen!" said Katie.

"What can we do?" asked Sam.

"I don't think there's anything we can do!"

Sam and Katie followed Britney down the hall. She stopped at Dennis and Randy's door. Suddenly the door opened and Randy walked out naked with a massive erection! He approached Britney and inserted his cock inside her! The symbiont immediately began feeding! After a minute, Randy removed his now flaccid cock from inside of Britney and returned to his room. Sam and Katie noticed that his eyes had rolled back into his head as well. The symbiont had taken control of him too! Britney walked upstairs to the second floor. She stopped at another door. Within moments another guy with a large cock came out and fed her!

"The symbiont is locating all the guys with large cocks and is feeding off of them!" whispered Sam.

"Thank God it's the middle of the night and everyone is asleep! How on earth would you explain this to anyone?!" whispered Katie.

They followed Britney to two more rooms. After the fourth feeding, the symbiont released control of Britney. Her eyes returned to normal and she regained full consciousness. She had no recollection of what had happened and was confused to find herself on the 3rd floor. Her friends covered her with her robe and started walking her back to her room.

"What am I doing here? What's going on?"

"Your symbiont took control of your body and fed itself four times!" said Katie.

"Oh my God! The symbiont forced me to have sex with four guys?"

"No, there was nothing sexual about! You stood outside their door, they came out, inserted their penis into the symbiont, allowed it to feed, and returned to their room." explained Sam, "I don't think they even sensed the ejaculation!"

Britney was still disoriented. "I really want to go lay down right now."

"Sam, can she stay in your room? I need to clean up the mess in ours."

"Sure! No problem! I'll take care of her!" Sam walked Britney down to her room and helped her into bed. Sam laid down next to her.

"Sam, I really wanted to be able to give up cock and semen for you! I really did! I want to be intimate only with you, and no one else! But this damn symbiont is going to force me to live promiscuously! It's not fair to you! You deserve better than me. I'm sorry!"

"Hush! Let's not worry about that right now! I love you, and I know that we'll be able to work through this. You sleep now. Everything will be better in the morning!"

Chapter 3: A Very Bad Decision

The next morning Britney was awakened by Sam kissing her neck and nibbling on her ear. "Good morning Sweetie!"

"Oh, morning Sam."

"Hey! Show a little more enthusiasm, will ya?"

"I'm sorry. I guess I'm still disappointed about last night."

"How do you think I feel? I almost killed you!"

"Well, maybe it would have been better if I had died."

"Shut up! Don't you dare talk like that!"

"Think about it Sam. Would you want to live a life where you can only drink cock juice and have to get reamed by a giant meat stick every couple of days? And for what? Being able to do some stupid mind tricks?"

Sam jumped out of bed. "Listen to me Britney Davis! I don't want hear any more talk like this! You're a beautiful person and a lot of people love and care about you!"

"Yah, well, I don't feel beautiful. And it's only a matter of time before people get tired of me and my 'special needs'. I've definitely got too much baggage for anyone to deal with!"

"Uggh! You're obviously not being very rational right now! I've got to get ready for class. I'll see you this evening, OK?"

"Sure."

Sam leaned down and kissed her. "You work on improving your attitude, and maybe we'll do something special tonight, OK?"

"Like what?"

"Improve your attitude and you'll find out!" Sam winked at her, threw on a robe, and left to take a shower. Britney reluctantly got out of bed, put on her robe and left to go back to her own room.

Katie was getting ready for class as well. "It's good to see you! You gave us quite the scare last night!"

"Whatever. I see you got my cunt vomit all cleaned up. Sorry about that."

"It wasn't too hard to clean up off of the floor, but it might have stained the sheets."

"First dirt and mud, now vomit. It seems I'm more trouble than I'm worth!"

"Now you're talking stupid! I can replace the sheets, but I can't replace you!" Britney fell onto the bed and covered her head with a pillow. "Don't you have class today?"

"Not until this afternoon."

"Well, don't forget to set an alarm. You don't want to be late!"

"Yes mom!"

Katie shook her head and left for class.

Britney slept for a few hours and then got up out of boredom. She sat down at her laptop and began surfing the web. She searched for 'girls who guzzle cum' and looked at the results. "Oh, now here's something that's perfect for someone like me!" she said to herself. "They'll treat me like I deserve to be treated, that's for sure! Now how do I register? Ah! Here it is! Just fill in the blanks: Name, Location, Phone Number, and Email Address. Next screen. Submit a photo. Hold on..." Britney removed her robe and took a nude selfie of herself with her phone. She sat back down at the laptop. "Ok, photo attached. Next screen, submit profile. Perfect!" Britney waited impatiently for a reply. "Come on! Come on!" she said nervously. About 20 minutes later she received a text message:

Hello! I just reviewed your post on our website! You definitely meet all of our criteria! We have a studio not too far from you (about 45 minutes away). Could you meet this afternoon for an audition? Thanks, John.

Britney immediately texted back: Yes, I can meet you this afternoon! This will be my first time and I'm really excited about it! How many men will participate?

John Replied: We love first-timers! I can guarantee at least 50 men, probably more! And just so you know, there's no guarantee of payment. If your video gets good reviews and shared with our affiliates, then we will negotiate payment based on website feedback.

Britney: Payment not necessary! I want to participate for the experience! Please send me your address and I will leave immediately!

John: For security purposes, we cannot disclose our exact address. Please contact me when you reach the rest area on Highway 45 at exit 231. I will meet you there and take you to the studio.

Britney: OK! I should be there by 12:30.

John: Perfect! See you soon! Can't wait to meet you and introduce you to the profession!

Britney showered and dressed as fast as she could. She looked through Katie's drawers and found her extra set of car keys. She left a note for Katie:

Hope you don't mind that I borrowed your car. I need to accept what I am and act accordingly! If I don't make it back, your car should be at the rest area on Highway 45 at exit 231. Thanks for everything. Britney

Britney hurried out of the room and found Katie's car in the parking lot. She started to have second thoughts about what she was going to do. She felt guilty about how worried Sam and Katie would be, but then she remembered all the trouble she had caused and how she couldn't live she way she wanted. "Fuck it! They're better off without me!" She put the car in gear and drove off toward her destination.

Chapter 4: The Audition

Britney arrived at the rest stop around 12:45pm. She texted John to let him know that she would be waiting for him on the bench in front of the restroom entrance. He replied that he would be there in about 10 minutes. Shortly thereafter, Britney was approached by a middle-aged man in a ball cap and dark sunglasses.

"Hi! Are you Britney?"

"Yes I am! Are you John?"

"Yes! Nice to meet you! Wow! You look just like you do in your photo!"

"Is that unusual?"

"We get a lot of girls that lie on their application."

"Well, I'm not lying! Can we go now? I want to get started as soon as possible!"

"Sure Babe! Come with me, I'll drive!" Britney followed John to his car and sat down in the passenger seat.

"Do you mind putting on this blindfold? Like I said before, we have to keep our studio location a secret. And I'll need you turn off your smartphone too."

"Sure! No problem!" She powered off her phone and put on the blindfold. "I have to tell you, John, I'm really excited to be doing this!"

"Great! We love it when our applicants are really motivated!"

"And you will be recording the entire event?"

"Yes we will! In fact, we have a state of the art production studio!"

"And you'll post my video online immediately?"

"Typically our videos post in less than 24 hours. It all depends on how much editing is required."

"And can I make more than one video?"

"That would be up to the producer." John pulled into the parking lot of an old office building. "OK, we're here! Stay seated with your blindfold on. I'll help you out of the car."

John parked and escorted Britney inside the building and led her down a hallway into a room. "OK, you can take off the blind fold now." The room was bright and clean. There was a sofa, a couple of chairs, a coffee table, and a wall-sized mirror. "Make yourself comfortable. The video director will be in shortly to discuss the details of the production."

"Thank you!"

A few minutes later, another middle-aged man walked into the room. "Hello! I'm Mike. You must be Britney."

"Nice to meet you Mike!"

"I'm the chief director for the studio. I'm going to go over some of the details before we begin."
