 Chapter 1: Uninvited Attention

The next day, Britney did indeed attract a lot of attention. During her classes, she noticed a lot of guys staring at her. When she would turn to look at them, they would immediately look away. She knew that they had seen her video. During one of her classes, a group of guys sat directly behind her. She didn't have to read their minds to know what they were thinking, as they asked her directly.

"Excuse me," one of them asked, "is your name Britney?"

"Yes it is, why do you ask?" Of course she already knew why they were asking.

"We were wondering if you're the same Britney from the Bukkake video?"

"Maybe I am. Why?"

"Well, we just wanted to tell you how much we enjoyed it!"

"Oh really? Thanks!"

"Yah, you have a fucking hot body!"

"Thank you so much! Did you happen to jerk off while you watched my video?" The guys were suddenly too embarrassed to answer. "It's OK, you can tell me. That's what the video is all about, right?" The guys all admitted to masturbating. "And since my video just posted yesterday, that means you all jerked off last night?" The guys all nodded. "Oh, what a shame to have wasted all that tasty cum! I would have let you shoot it in my mouth after class, had you waited!"

"Really?" The guys were suddenly filled with excitement.

"No! Now fuck off and mind your own business!" Britney stood up and moved to another seat in the classroom away from the guys. Normally she would have loved the attention and probably even sucked their cocks after class, but she wanted to remain faithful to Sam. She and Sam also hadn't decided on how to manage her feeding requirements, so she didn't want to do anything to jeopardize their relationship.

As luck would have it, the topic of discussion in Britney and Katie's human sexuality class was fetishes. The instructor, not wanting to embarrass anyone and to encourage maximum participation, asked all the students to write down any questions that they had about sexual fetishes on a note card and turn them in anonymously. She would then read them aloud and discuss them with the class. After collecting all the cards and sorting them by topic, she returned to the podium to talk about them.

"OK class, in my 11 years of teaching this course, I have never encountered so many questions about one particular fetish. Over half of the cards that I just collected are related to Bukkake! For those of you unfamiliar with Bukkake, it is when multiple people ejaculate with their penises on a person's face or body at the same time. It comes from the Japanese verb bukkakeru which means 'to flood'. As a fetish it is one where the feeling of servicing other men is a real turn on. Being the center of attention is a driving motivator here also." Some of the girls in the class began expressing disgust, stating how gross and nasty that was! The instructor interrupted them. "Let me remind you that fetishes are neither wrong nor right. Their degree of acceptance is based on cultural values and traditions. For example, eating guinea pig might be considered taboo in our country, but in many South American countries it is a food staple."

One of the guys in the class suddenly asked a question, "Would it be possible to watch a video of Bukkake? You know, for those in class who are unfamiliar with what it is?" Most of the students agreed that was a good idea.

"It's typically not appropriate to watch porn in class, but since it does not involve sexual intercourse, I'll allow it this time." The instructor turned on the over-head projector. From her laptop she searched for Bukkake and clicked on the first video that was listed. Of course the video was Britney's!

"Oh my God! This can't be happening!" whispered Britney to Katie.

"Keep quiet and maybe no one will recognize you." Katie whispered back.

As the video started playing, the instructor described what was happening. "Here we see a young beautiful woman waiting patiently. She's naked and holding a bowl under her chin to collect the excess semen. Some variations of this fetish require the woman to drink the semen after all the men are done ejaculating on her, which is what she will probably do afterwards. As the men are about the ejaculate, they will approach the woman and release their semen into her mouth and onto her face and body."

A loud murmur erupted throughout the classroom. Suddenly someone shouted out, "Hey, the girl in the video is in this class! Look there she is!" Every pair of eyes in the classroom were suddenly staring at Britney! The entire class burst into laughter and mockery! The instructor, immediately stopped the video and turned off the projector. Britney was completely and ultimately humiliated! It was one thing to have one or two people in class recognize her from the video, but not the entire class!

The instructor tried to contain the situation, "Class! Listen to me! We must not judge our classmate! We must respect her decision to..." but no one was listening.

Katie whispered to Britney, "Come on let's get out of here! I'm sure it's not too late to change to another class."

"No! I'll take care of this!" replied Britney. She stood up and walked to the front of the classroom.

"Britney! Be careful!" shouted Katie.

Britney looked back at her, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing!" As she approached the podium, she asked the instructor to have a seat with the rest of the class. The classroom fell silent. Britney surveyed room. There were approximately 30 people total. She felt confident that she could control everyone. She walked in front of the podium. "I need everyone to focus their attention on me! I'm going to perform a magic trick for you!" Britney unbuttoned her top and exposed her breasts to the class! The class erupted into whistling and cheering! Her nipples hardened and she quietly concentrated on the minds of every person in the room. As she made a connection with each of them, the room fell silent. "Listen to me! When I count to 5, no one will remember anything about what happened in this class today, no one will remember seeing my video, and anything to do with 'Bukkake' will have no interest to you. Do you understand?" Everyone responded affirmatively in a dull monotone voice. Britney returned to her seat. "1, 2, 3, 4, 5!" Everyone in the class suddenly regained consciousness and Britney quickly buttoned her top!

There was a murmur of confusion as people awoke from their trance. The instructor was especially confused to find herself sitting with the rest of the students. She walked back up to the podium, "Umm, class, can anyone tell me what we were talking about?"

Britney answered, "You were discussing fetishes!"

"Oh, that's right! We were!" The instructor shuffled through the note cards. Britney watched her as she skipped over the cards that must have referred to Bukkake. "OK, one student has asked about foot fetishes. Foot fetishism is defined as a pronounced sexual interest in feet. Victorian men developed fetishes focusing on feet, shoes, and boots..."

Katie looked over at Britney, "Why are you buttoning up your shirt?"

"Oh... I was teasing some of the guys in my last class."

"Really? I thought you were going to behave yourself now that you're with Sam?"

"They were harassing me about my video."

"What video?"

Britney forgot that she had hypnotized Katie along with everyone else in the room and that she now had no idea about her video. "Oh, they caught me watching some porn on my phone before class started!"

"What the hell were you watching?"

"Umm... Just some lesbians getting off!"

Katie looked like she was going ask another question, but decided to drop it. "OK, whatever floats your boat!" 

Britney was glad that Katie had dropped the subject. She was mentally exhausted from the mind manipulation that she had just performed on the entire class and was finding it hard to concentrate. She also didn't want Katie to know that she had hypnotized her, even if it was unintentional.

Britney still had two more classes to attend that day and she wasn't going to make it. She needed to either sleep or ingest a shot or two of semen to regain her mental clarity. She texted Doug and Dave on her phone and asked if they could meet her in front of the Psychology Building and that she needed a shot of their juice! The guys texted back that they would be there in less than 5 minutes. When they arrived, they found Britney sitting on a bench.

"Oh thank God you're here! I'm about to crash!"

"Yah, you look completely out of it! What happened?" asked Dave.

"I had to make an entire class forget about my video."

"Wow! I can only imagine that took a lot of mental energy!"

"Yah, and if I don't get some cum right now, I'm going to pass out! Could you guys help me?" She handed each of them a small paper cup from a drinking fountain. "Do you mind?"

"No problem! We'll be right back!" The guys hurried off to the restroom. They returned a few minutes later with two full cups!

"Wow! You guys came a lot!"

"Yah, Becky and Silvia have busy schedules this semester, so we only have time to get together on the weekends."

"Well, I really appreciate this!" Britney leaned back in the bench and gulped down the thick white fluid, savoring the taste and texture as it passed over her tongue and down her throat! She immediately felt a rush of energy flood her body. "Oh God! I needed that! Thanks again guys!" She used her tongue to lick the inside of the cups clean.

"No problem Britney! We're here for you any time!"

Britney, now recharged, skipped off to her next class!

Chapter 2: Power Play

The rest of the week was pretty uneventful. Britney had quelled the video situation by either ignoring, scaring, or hypnotizing anyone who harassed her about it. The experience helped her expand and refine her psychic abilities. She realized that hypnosis could be extremely valuable in her feeding requirements. It was always easy to get guys to have sex with her, but afterwards she risked exposing the secret of her condition to them. Britney theorized that she could invite them over, fuck them, and then make them forget the entire encounter. Since she was due for a regular feeding, she called Chris and invited him over. She wanted to test her hypnosis theory on him. Since Chris already knew about her condition, there was little risk of him telling anyone, if he hadn't already. Sam also used this as an opportunity to delve into her BDSM fetish! The package of toys and clothing that they had ordered online had just arrived!

When Chris arrived, he was surprised when Sam answered the door. The fact that Sam answered when he was only expecting Britney was a surprised in itself, but was surprised him the most was the way she was dressed! Sam was wearing a spiked leather body harness with a matching collar. Other than that, she was completely naked! Her nude exposure to Katie, Doug, and Dave, and their positive responses, had bolstered her self-esteem and confidence. Plus, she was confident that Britney would make Chris forget ever seeing her in the first place.

"You must be Chris! Come in! My Master has been waiting for you!"

"Who are you?"

"I'm my Master's slave." Sam gestured for Chris to enter the room. When he did, Sam immediately locked the door behind him.

Chris was shocked to find Britney laying on the bed. She was wearing a black patent leather corset with exposed breasts and thigh-high fish-net stockings! In her hand was a black riding crop.

"Chris! Come over here and fuck me! Drive that monster cock of yours deep into my pussy!" Chris was clearly uncomfortable with the situation. He either didn't like being dominated or he didn't like having Sam in the room with them. He wanted to leave, but the symbiont had already released its pheromones! The pheromones forced Chris' sub-conscious to crave sex so strongly, that it overrode his rational judgement. He stood in the room, paralyzed with indecision. "Slave! Remove his clothes!"

"Yes Master!" Sam approached Chris and removed his shirt. When she dropped his pants, his monster cock sprang up in her face! It was fully erect and throbbing for action! Sam marveled at the size. She had never seen one so large before. She wanted to touch it! She wanted to feel it's weight in her hand!

"No slave! That cock is for me! You will not touch it!" ordered Britney. Sam obeyed and stepped away from Chris. "Now then Chris, I'm not going to tell you again! Come over here and fuck me! Fuck me now!" she demanded.

"No! I don't want to!" he cried.

"I don't care what you want or don't want to do! You are going to do what I tell you to do! Do you understand?!" Britney wacked the crop against the bed, making a loud snapping sound that startled Chris! He choked on his answer. "What? I couldn't hear you! Speak up!"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Yes Ma'am, what?"

"Yes Ma'am, I understand."

"Then why are you making me wait?!"

"I'm sorry, Ma'am!" Chris reluctantly approached Britney on the bed. She changed position, spreading her legs and presenting her pussy to him! Chris guided his cock forward and pressed the head against her pussy! Her labia separated, and the head disappeared inside! "Keep going Chris! Sink your entire shaft into my aching twat! Bury your cock inside me!" The entire length of Chris's cock slid inside Britney's wet pussy with little resistance. "That's a good boy Chris! Now pump your cock in and out of me!" With tears in his eyes, he halfheartedly began thrusting. "Not like that Chris! Fuck me like you mean it! I want to feel your balls slapping against my asshole!" Chris increased the rate and force of his thrusting. "Oh yah! That's it! Fuck my pussy hard! Punish my pussy! Don't stop until you cum! You hear me Chris? Do not stop fucking me until you cum! Fill my pussy with your cream!" About that time the symbiont grabbed onto Chris' cock and started milking it. Chris was unable to move. His cock was securely and firmly stuck inside Britney's pussy! He stood by helplessly as the symbiont induced ejaculation. For nearly 30 seconds, his prostate muscles pumped every last drop of his semen into Britney!

When the symbiont was done feeding, it released its grip on Chris' cock and inundated Britney's bloodstream with endorphins. Chris fell backwards and landed on the floor while Britney lost consciousness and delighted in her endorphin induced orgasm! Chris immediately got dressed and attempted to leave, but Sam was blocking the door.

"Master said for you to wait here until she returns. She has a reward for you!"

"I don't want anything from her! I want to leave and get as far away from you freaks as possible!"

"I'm afraid I cannot allow you to leave!"

"Oh, and you think that you're going to stop me?!"

Sam suddenly grabbed Chris by the arm and twisted it behind his back, painfully immobilizing him!

"Ouch! OK! OK! No need to get violent!"

Sam released his arm. "Have a seat Chris and wait for my Master's return!"

Britney's orgasm lasted about 5 minutes! Sam and Chris watched as her body slowly writhed in pleasure on the bed. The sexual ecstasy that she was experiencing was so intense that her nipples were rock hard and her clit had fully engorged with blood, doubling its size! When Britney's consciousness returned to her body, she suddenly sat up and gasped. It took her a few moments to gather her bearings and realize where she was and what she was doing.

"Master? Have you returned?" asked Sam.

"Yes I have, slave!" She looked directly at Chris. "You have pleased me well, Chris! You will pleasure me again when I call upon you!"

"Hell no, you crazy fucking bitch! I don't know what you did to me, but I..." He suddenly stopped talking. Britney had established a telepathic connection with his mind.

"OK, let's try this again. Listen carefully. The next time I call you, you will come over and fuck me. When you are done fucking me, you will promptly leave and wait for me to call again. And when you exit this building, you will awaken and remember nothing of our time together. Do you understand?"

"Yes." Replied Chris in a monotone voice.

Britney severed her connection with Chris' mind. Sam watched in amazement as Chris quietly stood up and walked out the door. She peeked out the window and watched him walk out of the building. The moment he stepped outside, he stopped, looked around in a confused daze, and then left.

"That was amazing Britney! How did you know how to do that?"

"How dare you call me by my personal name! When you're wearing that collar, you are my slave and will address me as 'Master'! Is that understood?"

"Yes Master! Please forgive me!"

"I will forgive you this one time!"

"Master is so very kind to her slave."

"Yes she is! That is why I will allow you will eat my pussy! My clit is still engorged and requires your attention!"

"Yes Master! I will graciously obey your request!"

Britney laid back down on the bed and spread her legs, and Sam immediately began licking her pussy! "That's a good girl! If you please me well, I will reward you with nectar!"

"I am your slave. I do not deserve anything other than your subjugation, Master."

Britney immediately sat up on the bed and whipped Sam with her crop! "Insolent fool! How dare you tell your master what you deserve! Now you will be punished!"

"I am very sorry, Master, I did not mean to disrespect you."

"Sorry does not make up for your indiscretion! You must be punished! Only through punishment and discipline can you learn to be a proper slave!"

"Please punish me Master!"

"Bring me the discipline box!"

"As you request Master." Sam went to the closet and brought Britney a box full of whips, chains, and other bondage related items. Britney looked through the box and removed some rope and handcuffs. "Go stand in the center of the room!"

"Yes Master!"

Britney then handcuffed Sam's wrists and tied the rope to the chain connecting the handcuffs together. She then threw the other end of the rope over the sprinkler pipe that was hanging from the ceiling and hoisted Sam's arms above her head. She pulled the rope so tight that Sam had to stand on her tip toes to keep in contact with the floor. Sam had been immobilized in a standing position! "Is my slave comfortable?"

"Not so much Master!"

"Good! Now you will receive your punishment!"

"Thank you Master!"

Britney removed a ball-gag from the box and fit it over Sam's mouth. Sam was now unable to move or speak. Britney then removed a transformer and some electrical cables from the box and set it down on the floor. The cables had a clip on one end and a plug on the other, which connected to the transformer. Britney attached the clips to Sam: one on each nipple and one on her clit! She then plugged the wires into the transformer. She then plugged a control box into the transformer. It had a voltage dial and press-button switch. And finally, she plugged the transformer's power cord into the wall outlet.

"OK, slave, are you ready to be punished?" Sam nodded her head. "Good! A proper slave should always be willing to be receive punishment. Because punishment is the only way to correct a slave's behavior and make them a better slave to their master. Do you agree?" Sam nodded her head again. "Great! Then let's get started! I'm going to use shock therapy to correct your bad behavior. I can control the intensity and the duration of the shock with this control box. I will shock you however many times that I deem necessary, until I am satisfied that you have learned your lesson. Are you ready?" Sam nodded again. "OK, here goes!"

Britney turned the dial to the lowest setting, 1, and pressed the button. The transformer hummed and delivered a shock to Sam. Sam giggled through the gag. Britney frowned and turned the dial up to 2 and pressed the button. Sam made a squealing sound. "This is not for your enjoyment slave!" Britney turned the dial to 4 and pressed the button. This time Sam responded more appropriately! She screamed behind the gag and the muscles in her torso tensed! "That's more like it! My slave needs to take her punishment seriously! Have you been punished enough?" Sam shook her head. "I didn't think so either!" Britney turned the dial to 5 and pressed the button. Sam screamed again and her muscles contracted even more! "Had enough?" Sam shook her head again, so Britney turned the dial to 7 and pressed the button. This time Sam's scream was even louder! Her back arched and she thrusted her hips forward! "Finally, my slave appears to be taking her punishment seriously! But I don't think that's enough!" Britney turned the dial to 8 and pressed the button! This time Sam's scream was followed by whining! Her back arched like before and her hips moved more violently! Britney released the button. Sam's breathing was quick and shallow. Britney could tell that Sam was sexually aroused and about to have an orgasm! "I think my slave has almost learned her lesson! But not yet!" She pressed the button again and this time held it down longer. Sam responded the same way, screaming and thrusting her hips! Suddenly something happened that surprised that both Britney and Sam! Sam began ejaculating! Thick white cum erupted from below her clit and dripped down onto the floor! When she stopped spurting, Britney released the button. "Has my slave learned her lesson?" Sam nodded her head. "Good, then I'll release you."
