 Chapter 1: An Unexpected Visit

It was Saturday morning and Britney was the first to wake up. She turned on her side and watched Sam as she slept. Sam's rings had proved a bit challenging during their love making last night. Care had to be taken not to accidentally pull too hard on them when they had their bodies wrapped together in sexual passion. But the occasional nipple or clit pain was something that Sam had fully accepted and had become an erotic turn-on for her. Britney reached over and gently tugged on one of her nipple rings. Sam stirred but did not wake up. Britney tugged on it again, but more forcibly. This time Sam immediately awoke! She looked over at Britney, "Master has awakened her slave with punishment. Her slave must have offended her!"

"That's right slave! You should have awakened me by pleasuring my pussy with your tongue!"

"I'm sorry Master! I am a bad slave!"

"Yes you are, and now you must be punished! Stand up!" Sam obeyed. Britney went over to the punishment box and removed a 1-pound fishing weight. "Spread your legs slave!" Britney attached the weight to Sam's clit ring. "Does that hurt slave?"

"Yes Master, it hurts!"

"Good! I'm going to go take a shower, and you are going to stand here until I get back. While I am gone, I want you think really hard why you are being punished."

"Yes Master, I will."

Britney put on her robe and exited the room.

One her way to the showers, Britney stopped to talk with Doug and Dave.

"Hey Britney! How are things going?"

"Really good! How about you guys?"

"It's the weekend, and that means we get to spend time with Becky and Silvia!"

"You have big plans?"

"Nothing special. Probably do the dinner and movie thing, followed by some hot romance!"

"That sounds like a great plan!"

"Hey, maybe you and Sam could join us? The girls are always talking about how much fun they had hanging out with you that one night! And we really haven't had a chance to get to know Sam yet."

"Well, it would all depend on Sam's behavior. Right now she is being punished, and I'm not so sure if she deserves to go out."

Doug and Dave had the most confused look on their faces. "What do you mean she's being punished?"

"She disrespected me, so I'm teaching her a lesson."

"Huh? What are you talking about?"

"OK, listen! It's out of character for me to tell you outright, but Sam has a big BDSM fetish!"

"Really?"

"Yah! But you can't let her know I told you, OK? She gets a lot of enjoyment from shocking people when they find out."

"She seemed really timid when we first met her. I'm really surprised she would go to such an extreme!"

"Well, the compliments you gave that night you saw her naked really boosted her self-esteem and confidence."

"So, you're saying that we are partially responsible?"

"No. Nothing like that. You just provided that little extra push that helped her come out of her shell. And don't worry, she has never been happier! Trust me, she loves her new lifestyle!"

"Well, if Sam behaves and deserves a night out, you are welcome to join us!"

"Oh, we'll definitely join you, but I won't let her know. It will be good motivation for her to behave! What time should we meet you?"

"How about 4:30 pm in the common area?"

"Sounds good! We'll see you then!"

Britney returned from the showers about 30 minutes later. When she entered the room she found Sam standing exactly where she left her. Sam had tears in her eyes. "What's wrong slave?"

"I'm sorry Master, but I came again!"

Britney looked down and saw the small puddle of cum on the floor. "Why slave? Why do you do this? You know it disappoints me!"

"That's why I'm crying Master! I love you and I want to be a good slave, but I can't help it when I cum."

"Let's say you're telling the truth and that I believe you."

"I would never lie to my Master!"

"Don't interrupt me!"

"Sorry Master!"

"So if you can't control when you cum, does that mean you were not being disrespectful to me yesterday?"

"Only if you say so, Master."

"Maybe I was being too harsh? Maybe you're not as bad of a slave as I thought you were?"

"Master?"

"Perhaps I'll give you a chance to prove your loyalty? I've been invited to join Doug, Dave, and their girlfriends for dinner and a movie tonight. Maybe I'll allow you to accompany me?"

"I will do whatever my Master asks of me."

"It all depends on your behavior slave! You can start by licking your cum off the floor!"

Sam carefully got down on her hands and knees to lick up the cum. When she did, the weight attached to her clit ring hit the floor, relieving the pain to her clit and groin. When she was done licking up her cum, she attempted to stand up. The discomfort from the weights was too great and she cried out in pain!

"What's wrong slave?"

"Master, the weight is heavy and is causing me considerable pain!"

"That's not my problem! You earned that punishment and deserve the consequences!"

"Yes Master!" Sam mustered the strength to resist the pain and stood up. When she did, the weight began to swing between her legs, increasing the pain to her clit. "Master Please! I request your mercy!"

"Have you learned your lesson?"

"Yes Master I have!"

Britney removed the weight and Sam breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank you Master! You are very kind and gracious!"

"Yes I am! Do not forget that either! The next time I have to punish you, more weight will be added to all of your rings! Now, show your Master how grateful you are and eat my pussy!" Britney removed her bathrobe and sat down on the side of the bed. She leaned back and spread her legs, presenting her wanting pussy to Sam!

"Yes Master! Right away!" Sam kneeled down in front of Britney and began licking her clit and sucking on her labia. She inserted her tongue as deep as she could and slid her nose in between the cleft of her pussy! She loved the feeling of Britney's wet twat on her face, so much that she wished she could spend all of her spare time in such a position! After providing several minutes of intense pleasure to Britney, Sam was rewarded with the symbiont's magical nectar. She swallowed it down and relished the narcotic high that followed! "Oh Master! I love you! I love pleasing you! I am your slave forever!"

"As I am your Master! You have done well pleasuring me, and are released from my immediate custody. You may tend to your personal needs. I will call upon you when I deem it necessary!"

"Thank you Master!" Sam stood up, and she and Britney kissed. "Britney, I won't lie, those weights really do hurt! But oh my God! When I cum it is so worth it!"

"Promise me you'll use our 'Safety Word' if you're ever in too much pain."

"I will, but so far the more pain I endure, the more intense my orgasms!"

"Well, I don't know what I'd do if I ever seriously hurt you, so please don't let it go too far. Promise?"

"I promise!"

"Well, if we're going out tonight, we need to get ready! I think we might need to do some shopping!"

"I agree! But first I need to take a shower and eat some breakfast. I'll come back afterwards."

"No problem! I'll see you then!" Sam borrowed Katie's robe to cover up with. They kissed good bye, and Sam left to go back to her room.

Britney started cleaning up and putting all their sex toys away. Suddenly there was a loud knock on the door! "Did you forget something Sweetie?" Britney was horrified when she opened the door! There in the doorway stood her mother! "Mom! What are you doing here?"

Her mom stepped into the room and slapped her across the face! "You don't deserve to call me your mother!"

"W-What are you talking about?"

"Don't play dumb with me your fucking little whore!"

"What?"

She slapped Britney again! "What on earth possessed you to make suck a disgusting, depraved video? Were you deliberately trying to embarrass me?"

"Y-You know about the video?"

"Yes I do! And apparently everyone has seen it too, including some of my so-called closest friends! Do you know what it's like to have everyone staring at you in Church? All of them knowing that my daughter is a little porn star?"

"Mom I'm sorry!"

She slapped Britney again! "Sorry does not even begin to make up for what you have done! And did you think I wouldn't find the backpack full of all your bras and underwear? I imagine that you've been traipsing around campus dressed like a prostitute and fucking every boy that you meet, huh? And look at this room! What's with the beds? Are you and Katie sleeping together? I knew you two were more than just good friends! So what are you? Lesbian? Bi-sexual?"

"Mom, let me explain!"

"There's no explaining your way out of this, you little slut! Grab your things, you're coming with me!"

"No Mom! I'm not leaving!"

She slapped Britney again! "Stop defying me, you filthy little bitch!" She raised her hand to slap again, and suddenly stopped mid-swing. "What? What's happening?"

Britney had taken hold of her mother's arm through telekinesis! "Shut up mother!"

"What are you doing?"

"Just giving you a taste of your own medicine!" Britney began forcing her mom to slap her own face! Again and again, she struck herself, each time more forcefully than the last!

Her mom began crying! Mostly from the terror of what was happening, but also from the pain she was inflicting on herself! Her cheek had turned bright red from the beating! "Britney! Please stop! You're hurting me!"

Britney would have continued to hit her until her mother's wrist broke, but she suddenly stopped! She remembered the promise she had made to Katie not to hurt anyone. And this was her own mother! Despite how angry she was at her, Britney still loved her. She released control of her mom. She was ashamed of what she had done to her. She reached out to hold her hand, "Mom, I'm so sorry!"

But her mom recoiled in fear! She was now terrified of Britney! "Stay away from me you... You witch!"

"Mom, it's not what you think! It's not entirely my fault!"

"No! Get away from me!" She started screaming! "Help me! Somebody help me!"

Britney realized that she had no other choice but to hypnotize her. After establishing a telepathic connection with her mom's mind, she stopped screaming. "Sit down mother!" Her mom calmly sat down. "Now you listen to me, and you listen carefully..." Britney proceeded to outline a set of rules and conditions for her mom to follow, and had her repeat each one back to her. Confident that her mom had been sufficiently hypnotized, she brought her telepathic session to a close. "OK Mom, when I count to five, you will awaken and remember nothing of the argument you had with me. One, two, three, four, five!"

Her mother suddenly looked confused. "Britney? What am I doing here?"

"Don't be silly Mom! You stopped by for a visit! Don't you remember?"

"Oh, yah, that's right! I wanted to talk to you about something."

"Was it about my Bukkake video?"

"Oh, I don't care about that. College is a time for exploring yourself and having fun! As long as you enjoyed making the video, I'm happy."

"Thanks Mom!"

"Oh! I like what you and Katie have done with your room! It's very inviting!"

"I'll be sure to let her know you like it."

"Where is Katie, by the way?"

"Oh, she and her boyfriend are away for the weekend. He wanted to introduce her to his parents!"

"Oh! That sounds serious! Tell me Honey, have you met anyone special?"

"Yes Mom I have! Her name is Samantha."

"Samantha!? That's such a pretty name. Do you think I can meet her?"

"Sure! She should be back shortly. By the way, did Dad come with you?"

"Oh yes, he's waiting down in your Rec Room. For some reason he thought we'd be arguing. You know how he hates conflict."

"Well, can you have him come down to the room? I'd like him to meet Sam too!"

"I'm sure he'd like that! Hold on a minute and I'll call." She took out her cell phone and called her husband. "Hey, it's me! Can you come down to Britney's room?" ... "No, we're fine! What would make you think I'd be mad?" ... "Well I'm not! Now come down here, Britney wants us to meet her girlfriend!"

Moments later there was a knock at the door. Britney jumped up and answered it. "Daddy! I'm so glad you're here!" She gave him a big hug. "Come in and sit down! Mom and I were chit-chatting until Sam gets back." Her dad sat down. He was clearly distressed. "What's wrong Daddy? Why are you so nervous?"

"I thought you two would be fighting."

"Fighting about what?"

"Well for starters, about that dirty video that you made!"

Britney's mom spoke up, "Oh, leave her alone about that! I'm sure you did a few wild things while you were in college!"

"So you're not angry at Britney?"

"Oh heavens no! I'm proud of her! She's been discovering herself and finding happiness in her life! Why would I be angry about that?"

Britney looked back over at her dad, "Don't worry Daddy! Everything is fine!" About that time there was another knock at the door. "Oh! That must be Sam!" Britney jumped up to answer the door. "Come on in Sam! I want you to meet my parents!"

"Y-Your parents? They're here?"

"Yah! They stopped by for a surprise visit!" Britney led Sam into the room. "Mom! Dad! I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Sam! Sam, these are my parents, Karen and Bob."

"Nice to meet you Mr. and Mrs. Davis!"

"It's nice to meet you too, Samantha!"

"Oh, you can call me Sam!"

"OK, Sam! Britney told me that you're very special to her."

Sam grabbed Britney's hand in hers. "And she's very special to me too!" Sam and Britney kissed each other.

"Oh, I am so happy for the two of you! Don't you think they make a cute couple Bob?"

"Um, yes they do! They certainly do!"

Sam, Britney and her parents visited for nearly an hour. When her dad noticed the time, he suddenly interrupted the conversation, "Oh my! It's getting late and we need to get going. We've got a long drive ahead of us."

"Oh Bob! Do we have to leave so soon? It seems like we just got here!"

"If we wait too long, we'll get stuck in traffic and..."

"Boo! You're such a party-pooper Bob!"

"Maybe you'd like to drive home then?"

"Umm... No! You can drive!" Britney's parents stood up to leave.

"Well, it was good to see you, Mom and Dad!"

"You too Honey! I'm so happy to see that you're doing well." She gave Britney a hug. "And it was wonderful to meet you Sam!"

"You too Mrs. Davis!"

"Karen, do you mind waiting in the Rec Room? I want to talk to Britney alone for a minute."

"Sure! No problem."

After Britney's mom left, her dad shut the door. "Britney, I can't even begin to image what just happened! Your mother had me drive all the way up here to bring you back home! She was fuming mad and I had to listen to her bitch and complain the entire time! Now she's calmed down and happy! What did you say to her?"

"We just had a little talk about how I'm old enough to start making my own decisions in life. I guess she realized that it was time for her to let go and to be happy for me! And I hope you're happy for me too Daddy!"

"Britney, you'll always be my little girl! And no matter choices you make in life, I'll always be in support of them!"

"Thanks Daddy! I love you!"

"I love you too, Dear!" He turned to leave the room.

"Oh Daddy!"

"Yes Hon?"

"Go easy on Mom. Don't ask too many questions, just enjoy her new attitude!"

"Believe me, I'm not going to do anything to provoke her! And Sam, it really was nice to meet you!"

"You too, Mr. Davis!"

"Goodbye Britney!"

"Goodbye Dad!"

After the door shut, Sam turned to Britney, "They seem really nice! Your mom wasn't the monster that you described!"

"That's because I hypnotized her! She came up here to bring me back home! I couldn't allow that to happen, so I changed her mind!"

"How much of it did you change?"

"Oh, just enough of it to keep her from ruining my life, and maybe a little more!"

"A little bit more? What's that mean?"

"Let's just say that I buried all of her inhibitions somewhere she will never find them!"

During their drive home, Britney's mom couldn't stop talking about Britney and Sam. "The girls certainly looked happy together!"

"Yes they did."

"I wish we could have stayed longer and gotten to know Sam better."

"Maybe next time."

"How about Thanksgiving or Christmas? We could invite the girls to stay with us!"

"That would be nice!"

"It was silly of me to have worried about Britney and make you drive all the way up here for no reason. I'm sorry Hon!"

"It's OK, I don't mind."

"Hey! While we were driving through the mountains, I saw a sign for a Bed and Breakfast. Why don't we stop there on the way back? We could make it a romantic weekend getaway!"

"Really? Are you sure?"

"Absolutely! It's been a long time since we've been intimate."

"I thought you weren't interested in sex anymore?"

"I thought so too, but I've suddenly realized that that's what our marriage has been missing!"

"I'm very happy to hear you say that! What made you change your mind?"

"I'm not sure. Maybe it was seeing how happy Britney and Sam are together? I have to admit that the thought of them having hot lesbian sex together has made me really horny!"

"Hey! That's our daughter you're talking about!"

"Like the thought didn't cross your mind too?"

"Maybe a little..."

"Anyway, the sign also said that they had an outdoor Jacuzzi! I've never done it in a Jacuzzi, let alone outdoors before!"

Britney's dad pressed down on the accelerator! "I'll get us there as fast as I can, Dear!"

Chapter 2: The Shopping Excursion

Back in her room, Britney and Sam were still talking about her parents.

"How long will your hypnosis last?"

"I'm not sure, forever I hope!"

"What happens if it wears off?"

"Then I'll just have to change her mind again." The girls laughed.

"Oh, by the way, my piercings have created a couple of challenges!"

"Oh? Like what?"

"Well, they're quite obtrusive! When I got out of the shower and was drying myself off, the other girls in the bathroom noticed them and were staring at me!"

"I'm so sorry!"

"Don't be! I loved the attention! One girl asked why I would do such a thing to myself."

"And what did you tell her?"

"I told her it wasn't my decision and that my Master did it to me!"

"Did that shut her up?"

"It sure did! I think she and rest of the girls are scared of me now!"

"Awesome! And what's the other challenge?"

"Oh yah, I can't wear underwear or other tight fitting clothes! They cause my clit ring pinch! This is all I had that I had to wear." Sam was wearing a flower-printed sun dress and sandals. The outline of her nipple rings could be seen though the fabric.

"That's pretty!"

"Sure, but not for a slave! I need clothing that will go with my collar and piercings!"

"Well, my Dear, that's why we are going to go shopping! Are you ready?"

"Lead the way Master!"

After reaching the mall, the girls visited a lot of stores searching for clothing that would be compatible with Sam's piercings and her new fashion style. Sam wanted to buy a lot of Goth and Emo styled outfits, but Britney had a different idea. She picked out a tiny mini-skirt and showed it to Sam.

"Oh! I'd never wear something like that!" said Sam.

Britney looked her straight in the eyes, "Are you sure?"

Sam stared at Britney for a moment. She realized that agreeing with her might be in her best interest. "Well, I guess I could wear something like that..."

"I thought you might! And I think this top would go great with it!" Britney grabbed a spaghetti-strap crop top off of the garment rack. "Here, go try them on!"

Sam walked over to the dressing rooms. "Are you coming with me?"

"No. I'll wait out here. You go ahead and change!"

Sam entered one of the changing booths and closed the door. She slipped out of her sun dress and tried on the skirt and top. She wasn't used to wearing such revealing clothing and felt naked and exposed! And the feeling was making her extremely horny! She opened the door just enough to peak her head outside. "Hey Britney!"
