 Note: Ki is short for Zakki (pronounced Zuh-kye).

*****

"So far we've got zombies trying to eat you, amnesia, a few disturbing flashbacks, and the ability to light yourself on fire. Does that about sum everything up?"

"I think so. There may be a few other things that I've simply forgotten."

Ki sighed. "Tell me again why Lord Rushington thought it was a good idea to send you out with a zombie."

"He said anyone could control a zombie in the weakened state he was in. He was only a level two."

"I guess he didn't mention that you needed to have him crated by nightfall in order to prevent him from regaining strength and trying to EAT you."

"No, he never mentioned that."

"Elysia..."

"What? I can't do anything about it now, and I wasn't eaten as you can clearly see."

"Only because I happened along at the right time. A moment later and you would have given yourself up to that monster."

"Well, I couldn't just let Snowbelle and Kojak die. He threatened to kill them."

"So you would let him eat you instead? You know what? Nevermind. That heart of yours is going to get you killed one day."

"Then it will be worth it. Anything I love enough to die for will be worth the price I paid."

"No. Nothing is worth living in this world without you."

"I do believe that is the sweetest thing you've ever said to me, Ki."

"Don't get used to it," he said gruffly. She laughed and kissed his cheek. He caught her eyes in a stare that had her frozen where she stood.

"Ki..." she said.

"Mine," he whispered before capturing her mouth in a biting kiss. Her hand grasped the back of his head, tugging him closer. He broke the kiss to run nibbling kisses down her neck. His mouth opened wider.

She shoved him back a step and placed a single finger over his lips. "No biting." He captured the tip in his teeth and gave it a slow lick, holding her gaze. 

Grabbing her wrist, he placed her hand along his cheek and leaned into it. "You torture me, my love. I would make you mine for eternity."

"I know," she said, her eyes beseeching. "But I need to remain mine a while longer."

Ki nodded, her grateful smile worth his continued suffering. "Tell me again what you remember of that night with my brother." Elysia shook her head. "It may help you recall more. Come. Tell me."

She sighed. "He was pulling me through the forest. I did not know where he was going nor what he intended. I had the feeling he was going to do something horrible, but I did not know what it was. Then nothing, as if something is missing from that portion of my memory.

Next he had me backed against a tree in the center of a clearing. He had my hands pinned above my head. My bodice was ripped, exposing a breast. I was panting, probably from trying to fight him off. He grabbed my breast, and I recall trying to bite his neck. He slapped my across the face in response. The force split my lip, so I spit at him, my saliva filled with blood.

It landed on his cheek, but he simply wiped it off with the back of his hand, a sick smile on his face. He licked it clean and grabbed my chin, forcing me to expose my throat. I felt anger, rage at being held captive by this monster. My blood boiled hot. 

He released me instantly. Shaking his hands as if he'd been burned, he glared at me with intense fury. He was about to attack again when we heard voices shouting. They were yelling at him to let me go and back away.

It was the villagers, I believe. He snarled at them and tried again to grab me, but I dodged him. Fire arrows hit the tree, and he hissed and ran.

I was crouched near the tree when the men ran past. There were nearly a dozen, but I couldn't be sure. A few women came behind and stopped for me. They place a blanket over my shoulders and led me away.

They spoke to one another as if I were not even there. 'She must have been the new sacrifice,' said one. 'From another village, no doubt,' another whispered, as if afraid someone might hear. 'At least she was not one of ours,' said the oldest woman.

I do not remember anything that happened after that except when I awoke on Lord Rushington's lawn. I could not tell you how long it was after that happened, either."

"He treated you well, you said?" Ki asked.

"Yes, he was kind and acted like a father to me. I think his son may have been jealous and that was why he sent me away."

"He did not send you away. He tried to have you eaten by one of his zombies!"

"I do not believe that was what happened."

"Well, we cannot know anything until we ask him."

"No. Let him be. I am where I belong now. He played his role, now let him live in peace." Elysia ran a hand through his dark hair lovingly.

"Fine, but only because you wish it."

Elysia laughed. "As if you would otherwise." He growled playfully and tugged her into his lap, nuzzling her neck. "Ki?" He breathed in deeply and placed a kiss on her shoulder.

"May I make you mine another way?" he asked gently. "I would not turn you, simply bring you as close to me as physically allowed."

"You would..."

"I would." He licked her pulse.

"But I thought-" she gasped when his cold hand slid beneath her tunic. "It was not-" her words froze when a hand closed over her breast.

"I'm allowed to break a rule here and there," he murmured. "I will have you as mine one way or another."

"But you cannot...ah!" Ki's fingers plucked at her nipple with adept curiosity.

"I cannot what?" he whispered in her ear, sliding his tongue to trace its soft shell. She moaned as he coaxed her legs apart with his free hand. "Were you not going to tell me what I cannot do?" he teased.

"No."

"No?" Ki asked as he gently lifted her silken body to bring her to his room.

"Wait, Ki! We cannot just-" his lips cut her off, stealing her breath in a wondrous kiss until she lay limp in his arms. "Ki," she moaned his name.

"Shh, little one." He carried her up a hidden staircase to his bedroom, whispering to her every way he wished to love her. "... and when you are soaking my hand I am going to plunge myself into your depths and make you scream that first time I take you. My name will be all you can think, my body all you can feel. All of your senses will be filled with me, and you will be mine." He laid her on his down-filled bed with a soft kiss placed on parted lips. Warmth filled him at the sight of her watching him with that loving smile. She lifted a hand, calling for him to come to her.

"Zakki," she said as he knelt over her fragile body. "Will you be mine as well?"

He chuckled quietly. "I have ever been yours, little one. From the day I witnessed you being sold to my father whose intentions were to hand you over to my elder brother as future bride. There wasn't a single day when my eyes would not follow your every move, when my thoughts would not race with images of you, when my lips did not beg for your kiss, nor my body not long to be inside yours. I have yearned for you since the first day I learned of your existence. I have always been yours. Now, you will be mine," he said as he untied the laces of her riding boots.

"I wish I could remember back then. I only know I felt something for you, as I feel it now, like my heart would burst from my chest at the thought of being yours, though I hardly remember a thing about before. I have no real memories of you, just a pressing feeling that I somehow know you and would give anything to be in your arms."

"You are in my arms." Ki slid the final piece of clothing away to expose her naked body to his hungering eyes. He licked his lips as he stared down at her. 

Elysia suppressed the urge to cover herself and instead removed his shirt. He was amenable until her hands fell to his waist. He hissed. She chided him with a look and unbuttoned his slacks. "I cannot be the only one naked," she teased. 

He growled and trapped her hands above her head. She gasped in fear before coming back to the moment; his concerned eyes drawing her away from the tormenting memory. She smiled and tugged a hand away to cup his jaw. "I am fine." 

Ki pulled her flush to his chest, shocking her with the speed he used. He kissed her cheek and whispered, "I love you, Elysia." She trembled at the stark need his voice contained.

He urged her back, and she watched as Ki removed the last hindrance from his body. A shy hand reached out to stroke his thick chest, hairless but for the line that traced his sternum to his navel and down to the jutting proof of his desire nestled in jet black curls. Curiosity had her following that line, her hand slowly dipping to caress his belly and brush his hip as she skirted the place he truly wished her hand to be.

Ki was far more bold in his approach, his hands and eyes devouring every inch of her flesh. He paused to knead her breasts as they filled his hands. One remained there as the other teasingly mimicked the path hers had taken. Her stomach tightened as he moved over her. Her breath caught when he delved into her damp curls and his finger traced the seam of her lower lips. Then, he pushed through. Elysia gasped as he circled her hot little bundle of nerves; her hands grabbing the bedding to hold herself still.

Ki took hold of one and placed it over his thick arousal. A drop of liquid formed at the tip as he thrust a single finger into her wet sheath. She bucked, clenching her fists. He hissed at her grip on his cock and slowly pulled back only to lunge forward again. She was deliciously tight. Her walls pulled him deeper, begging for more. He happily obliged slipping another finger inside her moist well as he pumped himself in her hold.

Elysia's gasps and moans built to a scream as her first orgasm hit. "Ki!" He slowed his movements, once again fingering her clit. She bucked a few more times before settling down. He kissed her gently, gradually deepening the kiss until she was wild for him, unconsciously urging him to take her now.

Instead, he chose to turn, moving her so she straddled his waist. Her deeply blush was clearly visible to his keen eyes. "Ki?" He rolled his hips against her buttocks, forcing her to brace her hands against his chest and sliding her down his length. Her eyes darkened as she intentionally repeated the unexpected movement. Ki groaned his approval as she continue to glide over his hot organ.

A short lunge at the right moment had his cock slipping inside her tight channel. Elysia gasped when he hit her small barrier. Ki paused, allowing her the choice. She rocked once, twice, learning the feel of him before slamming her hips down to force him past her maidenhead. She fisted the blanket in her hands and ground her teeth to choke back the scream that threatened to follow.

He allowed her only a moment's respite before gently pulling out and shoving back in. She shuddered, opening her eyes to find him watching her in the dim light. As she slowly became accustomed to the feel of hard length inside her, Elysia began to match his rhythm. Their moans and pants filled the air as each lost themselves in the feeling of pleasure.