 Chapter 8

Evening has fallen and in a small clearing a small fire burned under a small kettle of what smelled of slightly moldy oats and dried meat. Three hairy men, one of them with a badly bloodied arm, sat around the kettle with spoons, making disgusting noises as they ate. They spoke coarsely in a guttural dialect of a barbarian tongue that neither the lady Isana nor her maiden Alicia knew.

The lady and her maiden sat at the base of a tree, their hands and feet were bound together with course rope that itched and rubbed against their skin. Isana looked on in disgust at her captors. 

A deep loathing and contempt for them burned in her stomach. She focused on her hatred of them as much as she could. Although she wouldn't admit it, she knew deep down that she had to hold onto her hatred. As soon as she lost her grip on that, she would fall into the grips of fear, and once fear had her, she wouldn't be able to fight them and she knew she had to fight them. Alicia on the other hand had long fallen into the grips of fear and was as much a captive of fear as she was a captive of these barbarians. 

As they sat bound, one of the barbarians who appeared to be the leader walked up to the camp and in an angry tone barked sharply at the group. The three men began to protest whatever they had been apparently accused of by their leader. Isana did not understand their words but from the way they behaved, she deduced that the men sitting around the fire were supposed to be doing something else besides stuffing their bellies. She watched intently as two of the brutes stood up, obviously annoyed at the interruption of their meal, and walked their separate ways into the woods. The remaining brute, the one with the bloody arm, and the apparent leader sat at the fire and they continued to eat from the kettle. 

Isana wondered at this and then whispered, "Alicia, how many barbarians were there?"

"I'm na-not sure, La-lady," Alicia stuttered in fear.

"I think there were seven. Three were just there and that one that walked up makes four. Where are the other three you suppose? And where did those two who just left go?"

"I-I d-don't know, ma-my Lady."

Isana looked over to her maiden and whispered, "It'll be alright. They will come for us. They will rescue us."

"Yes my lady," Alicia whispered back.

Just as the two women finished, there was a throaty yelp from deep in the trees. One of the two brutes that had just left burst through the tree line into the camp and spat out a rambling banter that apparently not even the other barbarians could understand. His expression was one of terror. The leader stood, grabbed the man by the shoulders and shook him as he tried to get his bantering subordinate to make sense. 

A short back and forth dialog later, the leader began to show the same concern that his subordinate was showing. The leader looked over to the bloodied brute who was still sitting next to the kettle, pointed in the direction where the horses were tied up and spoke rapidly, obviously meaning that he was to get the horses ready to ride. The leader than spoke to the still terrified brute and as he spoke, looked in the direction of the two women. As the terrified brute began to walk over to them, it was clear to Isana that something had happened and that they were getting ready to leave. 

As Isana was thinking of a way to delay their departure, she heard a small grunt from behind her that was followed by a swirling hiss that flew by her ear. Just then, the terrified brute grasped his neck as he fell on his back. While writhing on the ground, he made a nasty gurgling sound, as though he were choking. 

The leader turned and saw his subordinate on the ground and quickly made his way for the two women. He was almost to them when a large figure leapt from behind a tree landed on the ground between the leader and his quarry. The figure had his sword at the ready and sprinted for the barbarian leader who was fumbling for his still sheathed weapon. The figure did not wait for his opponent to ready himself and struck him down in a stroke of his blade. The barbarian fell to the ground as though struck by the wrath of God. The figure stood with his back to the women as he raised his sword again and thrust it deep into his felled victim. 

At that moment, a whinny of a horse sounded in the distance. The figure looked off in the direction of the sound and ran off in pursuit. As the figure disappeared, Isana and Alicia sat in awesome horror at the sight before them. The visceral carnage of the two slain men that lay in front of them seemed so surreal and yet so honest. 

At that moment, there was a great whinnying from the horses and sounds of heavy blows being inflicted upon flesh. There were further whinnying and then nothing. The silence was almost as terrifying as the sight of those men being slain. The silence continued for a few moments and then the figure returned to the camp. 

He appeared from the tree line from where he had originally disappeared. He walked slowly towards the leader's body. As he got closer, Isana began to see the features of the man's face that was half illuminated by the small camp fire. His long dark hair looked tangled and matted, almost wild. His face was filthy, but under the grime, she noticed the high cheek bones and deeply set eyes. He looked feral but somehow familiar. As he got closer, she began recognize him. "Aldwyn?" she wondered allowed. The man turned to face her. It was Aldwyn. Aldwyn sprinted over to the women. He pulled his dagger out the barbarian subordinate's neck as he stepped over the corpse. He wiped the blade on his sleeve before cutting the women's bonds. 

As he finished freeing Isana's hands, she rubbed the chaffed skin around her wrists. The bonds had left their mark but somehow feeling skin where she had once felt rope was somehow confirmation of her freedom. 

As Aldwyn finished freeing his lady, he turned to Alicia who was crying tears of both terror and joy. With her freedom granted, Alicia let out a squeal as she embraced her lady. The women held each other as if to share souls. Aldwyn sat back not interfering in the emotionally charged moment. After several moments, Aldwyn spoke, "Lady, we must leave. We must get back to the caravan. These woods are not safe."

With the memory of the carnage he had inflicted on the barbarians still fresh in her mind, and its remainder still about her, the Lady did not dare consider refusing anything Aldwyn said. Somewhat unsteadily, both the lady and her maiden rose from the ground still clinging to each other. 

"We'll have to use one of their horses," Aldwyn continued, "My horse can't carry three." Aldwyn lead the way to where the barbarian horses were tied up. 

As the knight untied one of the reigns from a tree branch, the lady's foot touched what she thought was a loose tree root. Upon looking down, she saw it was the brute who now had more than a bloodied arm. She retracted her foot and looked away from the carnage. 

Just as she was regaining some of her composure, she felt her shoulder being nuzzled by a rather large nose. Aldwyn had the horse by the reigns, "Lady, if you would please mount the horse, we must be on our way." Isana tentatively began to mount the animal with the guiding assistance of Aldwyn. Eventually, Isana was fully seated on the horse. Alicia followed her lady's example and mounted the horse, sitting behind her lady with her arms around her lady's waist for support, in more ways than one. 

Isana felt the body of her maiden pressed against her back as Aldwyn lead the horse by the reigns, on foot. In that moment she once again felt the intimacy of herself and her maiden. In spite of, or maybe even because of, the day's and night's events, she was keenly aware of how connected she was to this golden girl. 

Before leaving the camp, Aldwyn stopped to kneel down over the leader's corpse and took something off the body. What it was, the women could not see, but as Aldwyn knelt there, he studied the object in his hands intently for a moment. Isana could hear the sound of Aldwyn's grip tightening around leather. It was obvious that he was exceptionally angry at whatever he had seen in the object. Unceremoniously, he stood to full height, wrapped whatever it was he had in his hand, tucked it into his clothing, grasped the reigns and began to lead them out of the camp. 

The camp now behind them, they set off down what was supposedly a trail, Aldwyn leading the way. Isana and Alicia could barely see anything in front of them. How Aldwyn could make his way through the forest in the dead of night was a mystery to them. As they plodded along, the women became accustomed to the rhythmic jostling of the horse and the sound of hoof beats on the earthen trail. 

Time had little relevance on the trail. It seemed a long time but after what could have only a few minutes, Aldwyn stopped and whistled a certain tune, and in reply a horse made a similar noise. Aldwyn tied the reigns to a tree branch and spoke in a low voice, "Wait here, I'll be a moment." With that, he walked slipped off into the darkness of the trees. 

Alicia's arms grew tight around her lady's waist. Isana clasped her hand to those of her maiden's, reinforcing the grip. Again, the timelessness of the forest drew out the interval of Aldwyn's absence. Then as quietly as he had disappeared, he reappeared, this time, mounted on a horse. He reached for the branch to which the reigns of the women's house was tied, undid the knot, and with reigns in either hand, rode off with the women in tow. 

As the knight rode along, leading the lady and her maiden back to the caravan, the lady leaned back to say to her maiden, "I told you, we'd be rescued."

Chapter 9

Early the next morning, the knight Waren began to ready his contingent of horsemen, to continue in their pursuit of their captain and their lady. He was seeing to the preparation of the horses, when one of the men on watch called out, "Riders approaching!" There was a mad scrabble among the men as the prepared for combat. Waren drew his sword and ran in the direction of the man on watch and prepared to face an assault. 

As he looked on, he saw that it looked to be only two horses, and three riders. "What is this?" Waren wondered to himself, "They intend to assault us with only two horses? This has to be a trick; worse yet a diversion." Waren was about to call the men to hold their positions and prepare for an assault from the sides when suddenly he recognized the lead rider. "Stay your weapons!" Waren cried, "Your captain returns!" Cheers went up among the men as word spread along the caravan. 

The knight Aldwyn stopped his horse just inside the caravan's camp parameter, dismounted in one deft jump and landed on the ground. "Bring food, water and blankets!" the knight barked at the crowd of men that had come to see their leader return. 

Turning to his subordinate, the knight ordered, "Get the Lady and her maiden to their carriage. See to it that they are well taken care of. Post guardsmen around the carriage until we get underway. Prepare to break camp." Aldwyn turned again to assist Alicia dismount their horse. 

"Of course sire," Waren said in aw as he realized who his captain had in tow. 

Before carrying out his orders, Waren dared a question, "How did you..."

"I slaughtered them all in the night," the knight interrupted bitterly as Alicia's feet touched the ground.

Waren again dared to ask his superior a question, "Sire, if the enemy is dead, then..." 

"I will not risk their capture again," the knight interrupted again, almost wrathfully, "Not until we reach King Dietrich's court will the lady go without the strictest protection." The lady Isana finally steeped down to the ground. Waren saw the look of deathly intention in his captain's eyes as Aldwyn began to escort the lady and her maiden to their carriage. Waren went about his orders with less fear of the enemy than of his superior. 

Chapter 10

It was still two days ride to the court of King Dietrich and the caravan had been on the move since the return to the knight with the lady and her maiden. They stopped at noon to rest and water the horses. The lady and her maiden had not emerged from their carriage since their return. The knight Aldwyn had remained with them, overseeing their care. At the noon rest, he emerged from the carriage.

As Aldwyn knelt by the stream, cleansing himself, his subordinate Waren approached, "Sire, the Knight Sheridan wishes to speak with you."

"Just as well, I wish to speak with him," the knight replied to his lieutenant as he stood, "Where is he?"

"He rides with his cavalry," Waren replied.

Looking to the head of the caravan, Aldwyn saw the banners of Sheridan's cavalry and started off.

The knight Sheridan stood next to his horse, patting its neck as it drank from the stream. One of Sheridan's men called, "My lord, the Knight Aldwyn approaches." 

Sheridan turned to see his old comrade in arms approach. Seeing Aldwyn again brought a grin to his battle-scared face. His bright blue eyes flashed as he met his old friend in a clinched handshake and then a brotherly embrace. "Ho Aldwyn, it has been too long my friend."

"Far too long," Aldwyn agreed, "Though your cavalry seems a little sluggish than I remember. Have you been telling them your war stories instead of training them again?"

"What stories?" Sheridan replied in mock surprise, "As I recall, it was you and your dragoons who were always hogging all the best battles."

"Yes," Aldwyn replied, "but as I recall, it was you and your chasseurs that always seemed to show up right after the worst of it and then take all the credit. 

"Hay, at least then we actually got some licks in, but what did you bring me out here for? You said in your message that we were going to get a chance to get some barbarians, but here we are and you've killed them all already. What are we here for? To act as your reception and parade for when you enter the gates?"

"That's what I need to talk to you about," Aldwyn's voice dropped low, "How many people knew of the lady's departure?" 

"Only both our kingdoms," Sheridan answered, "It was common knowledge that the lady and the prince were betrothed for some time now."

"I meant how many knew the exact route and timing of the lady's departure,"Aldwyn replied, "That was not finalized until a few weeks ago and the departure wasn't publicly announced until a few days ago. Surely this raid took time to prepare and launch."

"You suspect a spy in your court?" Sheridan replied in shock.

"Or a spy in yours, or possibly both courts, but that's beside the point," Aldwyn answered, "The point is there is someone passing intimate details of our courts to the barbarian tribes. Worst of all, I think I know who did this and why."

"Who?" Sheridan asked amazed, "Who did this?"

"I'll give you a hint," Aldwyn took out the item that he had taken from the barbarian leader.

"It a dagger," Sheridan stated, apparently missing the hint.

"Look at the emblem on the base of the hilt," Aldwyn corrected.

Sheridan peered at the branding on the leather grip. The symbol had been worn somewhat, but still unmistakable. "The Wilburn clan?" Sheridan paused. "Ho, don't tell me..." Sheridan couldn't bring himself to speak the name.

"Damien. Yes, I hate to say it but it looks like he's finally crawled out of hiding," Aldwyn spoke mournfully. 

"I knew that bastard child of Theron would be the end of me the day I met him," Sheridan ranted, "I should have killed him when I had the chance. But what ransom could he expect from kidnapping your lady?"

I don't think he intended to ransom her," Aldwyn answered, "I think he was trying to claim her as a war prize."

"But the war's been over for six years," Sheridan confused by this thought.

"For the barbarians, it doesn't matter if a war has been formally declared. Anything acquired in a raid can be declared a war prize. According to tribal traditions, if Damien claimed the lady and married her, by right he would be entitled to everything that belongs to her, including her title, which would make him heir to the throne."

"Her father would never allow it!" Sheridan spoke sharply.

"Exactly. Currently the tribes are divided and squabbling among themselves, but if there's anything that would unite them, it's their hatred of us," Aldwyn leaned close to whisper into his comrade's ear, "I think Damien wants a war, so he can unite the tribes under him."

"But his bother Thor is..."

"Thor is about the only legitimate heir to his father's throne that Damien hasn't had killed yet, and Thor is a barely a meddling imbecile, let alone any form of leader. Do you really think it would take much for Damien to usurp Thor?"

The danger that Aldwyn had just suggested was dawning on Sheridan's face. "What should we do?"

"We must find the spy in our courts and fast. Until then, we both must safeguard the lady. Agreed?"

"Agreed," Sheridan replied solemnly as he returned the dagger to Aldwyn. 

Aldwyn stepped back from his comrade to spoke in a normal tone of voice, "I must return to my lady and we must resume our journey as soon as possible." With a slight bow from each of the men, Aldwyn turned and began to make his way back to the carriage of his lady. 

A moment later, the knight Sheridan bellowed, "Saddle your horses! Prepare to ride! We ride until nightfall!"