 The Evening Alone

For the next week, our journey seemed to go rather uneventful. Lara was my constant companion while Oliver ran the ship. I hadn't realized that not only was he their prince, but also the ship's captain. I never heard anyone call him by any formal title, unless that was the clicking sound I heard, but it all sounded the same to me. Everyday Lara showed me different parts of the ship so that by the end of my second technical week on board, I'd seen the entire ship and met most of the crew members. Everyone I'd met were so friendly and as curious about me as I was about them. I learned how the ship's engines work, where they exercise, rest, bathe, and more. I made regular visits to Iman and Byer so they could check my health and ensure that I was not suffering from other symptoms that might have been leftover from the original injuries.

My filters faded quickly and finally, the day came when Byer said he thought I was ready to have them removed. Oliver had wanted to come with me when this day arrived, but he had a ship to run so it fell to Lara to be there. The removal didn't take as long as I feared, but finally being able to touch my eye lids again felt wonderful. We celebrated by enjoying a long hot bath before my private dinner with Oliver.

Valente was already there when we arrived and she talked to us about what has been going on with the investigation on the tracker, which as far as I could tell, hadn't seen much progress. It turned out that I was right about the tracker finding the picture Oliver had in his quarters, but the tracker was able to keep his identity hidden. Sadly, since the device was removed from my body, any chance they had to figure out who was sending messages to Fleck and Wyman were also lost. Even though this opportunity was lost, I wasn't sorry. The nightmares had stopped and even though Oliver and I hadn't made love since my arrival, I'd never felt more loved.

I enjoyed being able to wash my face and hair as we chatted about how we were days from their home world. Lara helped me pick out a nice sexy gown and styled my hair as we prepared for my private dinner with Oliver. This was the first time since I had my filters put on that we'd had such a private meal, and I would also like to end our evening doing more than just cuddling. I mean, it wasn't that I'm a sex fiend, it's just, since the nightmares had stopped, I'd wanted to enjoy some quiet intimate time with Oliver that we hadn't been able to have due to all the work he must do to run the ship. The dinners were set on the small table and Lara stood guard outside of our room. She knocked once so I knew when he was close and I stood by the window with my back to the door. I heard the door slide open as I looked out at the universe.

I felt Oliver's hand on my shoulder as he said, "Good evening Alexis."

I turned around and said, "Good evening Oliver."

He gasped, "You're eyes. They're beautiful."

I smiled and said, "Thank you. Byer was surprised how fast they healed."

"As am I," said Oliver, touching my face. Then smelt the air. "What smells so good?"

"Dinner," I smiled. "I thought we could have a quiet night in."

Okay, maybe not quiet, but a night in, just the two of us was what I really want. Oliver smiled a wicked smile at me. "Why Ms. Perry, I do not think you're being fully truthful with me."

I tried to fain ignorance. "I have no idea what you mean Mr. Stone. Shall we eat?"

We sat in the plush black chairs and enjoyed a romantic dinner of foods that are of his world. I don't know what they were called, but thanks to Lara, I was able to find what he liked best and have them prepared. Lara and I worked hard to keep this evening private so she stood guard at our door which usually meant I was alone in the room and Oliver was working somewhere on the ship. Except tonight, she was there to ensure our privacy. The meal was quite enjoyable and soon, the electricity between is unmistakable. Oliver leaned over and kissed me the way he did that night in the restaurant, only this time, he doesn't apologize and we're not behind a red curtain.

"Oh Alexis," he said breathlessly. "We don't need to be quiet this time."

"I know," I giggled.

With that, he scooped me up into his arms and kissed me as he carried me the short distance to the bed. He slipped the gown over my head and it fell onto the floor in a heap. I, in turn, removed his shirt. There I sat in bra and panties, and he in his pants. I kissed down his neck and ran my fingers over his chest. My fingers ran softly over his hair as he pushed me back and kissed my forehead, then pulled me up and kissed me deeply. Our tongues danced in an erotic coupling and I felt my heart race.

His touch was gentle as he rubbed my arms, then reached behind me and unhooked my bra as my fingers gently went up and down his back. I felt the straps slide down my arms as my breasts sprung free. I brought my arms around and soon my bra was off and I heard it hit the floor as his hands began to caress me. My nipples became erect under his fingertips as he gently tugged on them. I gasped at the sensation and began pushing off his pants, freeing his erection. He pushed me down onto the bed and began kissing down my neck, nibbling his way down to my breasts. I moaned softly as he kissed his way to my left nipple, then suckled it gently. My hand grabbed fistfuls of his hair as he kissed my chest and moved across to my right breast and nipple. He came back up my neck and kissed me again.

I pushed his pants off the rest of the way and he kicked them to the floor. My hands slid down his back, I grabbed his firm ass, then reached under him and began stroking his penis. It felt so thick and hard in my fingers and I couldn't decide if I wanted it deep inside me, or in my mouth. I pushed him onto his back and began kissing down his chest, down his stomach, and along the hair trail to my destination. I heard Oliver moan and gasp as I took his cock and slid it into my mouth. He seemed surprised at first, but then laid back and seemed to enjoy what I was doing. I licked the tip, enjoying the salty taste of what I would call that the leaky semen fluid that men expel. I took him in as far as I could, while avoiding my natural gag reflex, occasionally letting my teeth drag along the sides.

His hands grabbed my hair, as he seemed to guide my head. I felt his penis thicken in my mouth and soon he pulled me off, flipped me over, and was on top of me. He kissed my mouth and placed his legs between mine. There was the familiar sound of a foil packet, then I felt the pressure against my sex, I reached down and guided him into me. He slowly entered, filling me, expanding me, until he was fully in. Feeling him inside me, I moaned. We kissed and he began to move, slowly, in and out. He pulled his chest up, putting his weight on his arms, and looked down at me. His eyes were burning with desire as our bodies began to perform our erotic dance. I wrapped my legs around his hips as he began to speed up. He kissed me again as I felt my climax building. I moaned louder and he smiled. I felt his pace increase and soon, I was at the brink of my climax. I looked up at him and he seemed to know what my words could not express.

He leaned into me and whispered in my ear, "Don't hold back this time, let it out."

His words were enough for me and my body exploded around him. I screamed his name in ecstasy as my body violently shook. I felt him join me in a climax for the ages. I was sure we had shaken the entire ship, but neither of us cared.

He was resting on my body, panting; my legs slid down and fell onto the bed. We were spent, and sexually satisfied. I was holding him, but I had no strength in my arms. He raised his head and kissed me softly. "Oh Alexis," he whispered, "that was amazing. You're amazing."

I smiled, I doubted I could talk while he was on my chest, but I decided to try. "Thanks," I said breathlessly.

He slid off and his penis fell out of me. He lay next to me, and smiled. "In all my years, I have never had sexual relations with a female that makes me feel the way you do."

I smiled and blushed. "I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing."

"Oh my dear Alexis Perry," he whispered as he pulled me into his chest and the room went dark. "It's a good thing. A very good thing."

That night, we made love three more times before he had to leave to run the ship the next morning. Our room smelled heavy with sex, and I blushed when Lara came in to escort me to breakfast and a bath. She didn't say anything, but we both knew what had occurred, and she seemed to smile her understanding.

Oh yeah, I knew I was definitely in love.