 The Message

I was in the dark, my brain was still cloudy, I tried to move my arms but they seemed to be above my head. My eyes fluttered open and I saw I was in a dark room and I felt some metal bands around my wrists. I pulled and I heard what sounded like chains rattling.

'Think Alexis, think! I remember I was on a space ship, with Oliver. He brought me here because... I was... attacked, nearly killed. We were nearing his world. Lara, my guardian, she... I sent her away... to rest... and I was... having drinks with Valente. VALENTE?!? Oh god, SHE'S THE TRACKER!!! She's the spy!'

A large metal door opened and light poured in. I had to blink several times to get my eyes to adjust, and there enters my worst nightmare, Agent Fleck. Only now, he was no longer wearing his sunglasses, and I saw why. His eyes were more like dark slits and it confirmed what I feared, he was more lizard than man.

"Well, well, well. Look who's finally awake."

"Fleck," I growled. "Always an unpleasant surprise."

"I told you Ms. Perry," Fleck hissed. "I never fail."

"It would seem that way," I said.

"Once I have secured the item from Stone, I will complete what I started with you in your apartment."

Fleck seemed to be enjoying himself a bit too much, so I said, "But how will Oliver even know you have me? I'm sure by now he's figured out Valente was your mole."

Fleck smiled at me. "Hmm, I don't think so Ms. Perry."

"Why?" I asked.

"Because once you were in our possession, she drank the liquid so they would think she was poisoned too," he said laughing.

'DAMN!' "So you think Oliver's just going to hand over the object without being sure I'm alive?"

"Good point Ms. Perry," said Fleck considering my words. "Perhaps a video is in order. Hope you're ready for your close-up."

With that, he turned and left me alone in this dungeon. 'Oh god, how could I have been so trusting? Oh Lara, I hope you're not going to be punished beyond words when Oliver finds out you weren't with me. But then again, he did say I could visit Valente without you. OH VALENTE! If I ever see you again, I will kill you.' Now I understood why Oliver wanted to kill Fleck. Suddenly, capital punishment made sense, and I was with Oliver. 'Oh, Oliver! Why didn't I tell you how much I love you?' I shook my head in disgust, angry with myself for being so foolish and guarded with my feelings.

Then a plan started to form in my mind. Fleck said he would use me on the video. Perhaps he would even let me talk. I didn't think he would try to rape me on the video, as he wanted Oliver here to watch it live so I was hopeful this would work. Oliver was pretty smart so it might just work. Now, I just had to be careful as Fleck was no idiot either and if he figured out what I was up to, it may cost me more than my ass. I sat back and tried to make myself as comfortable as possible. I looked around but the room was too so dark to see much of anything. My eyes were still trying to adjust to the darkness again when the door opened and Agent Fleck, with Agent Wyman at his heels entered carrying what looked like video equipment. "Oh look," I said as I squinted. "You brought your bitch. Oh wait, my mistake, it's just Agent Wyman."

Fleck's hand moved so fast I didn't see it coming, but I felt it as it struck my face hard causing me to cry out. "Oh Ms. Perry, I see your mouth still does not know when to stop."

I smiled though the pain and said, "Got a problem with the truth now?"

SMACK! 'I'm really getting tired of him thinking I'm a fucking piñata at a kid's party.'

"Now Ms. Perry," he hissed. "You're going to relay a message to Mr. Stone for us. Any funny business and I won't wait for him to join us. Understand?"

"Yeah," I said, "I understand."

Wyman came over and positioned me the way Fleck seemed to want me. This included tearing my shirt so my left breast and bra could be seen. "Welcome back Ms. Perry," sneered Wyman.

"Agent Wyman," I said coolly.

It was now that I saw his eyes were like Flecks, snake-like slits. This just confirmed what I saw in my nightmares and I shivered. Wyman stepped away as Fleck spoke.

"Now Ms. Perry, this is going to be short and sweet. You're going to tell Stone that he is to bring me the object himself, alone in one Earth hour. No guardians, no tricks, or I'll be sending him your heart in a box. Do you understand?"

I swallowed knowing he was completely serious and he would be taking his revenge on me before he ripped my heart out. Flashes of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ran though my memory.

"Yeah," I whispered. "I think I've got it."

"Okay Ms. Perry," Fleck smiled "It's show-time."

Wyman moved by the door and suddenly I realized I didn't have all the details I needed. "WAIT!" I cried.

"What?" snapped Fleck.

"Does he know where 'here' is?" I asked.

Fleck drew his hand back, then paused. "Good point Ms. Perry. I really thought you were just being cheeky but I see the logic of your question."

SMACK! I cried, "WHAT THE HELL?"

"Why waste the momentum," said Fleck. "I'll take care of the 'here' as you call it. You tell him to take the small shuttle and I'll take care of the rest."

"Got it," I said.

Fleck turned to Wyman, then paused and looked back at me. "Anything else I missed Ms. Perry?"

I shook my head and said, "No, I think you've covered it. Unless you want me to remind him not to communicate with any other guardians."

Now Fleck and Wyman both look confused. Wyman asked, "What do you mean?"

Yeah, Oliver was right, Wyman was defiantly not the brains of this group. "Well, when I was with Valente last, we were less than two days from his planet. Now, I have no idea how long I've been here as I've been unconscious, but I'm sure he's close enough now that he could easily communicate with some new guardians."

Fleck glared at me and asked, "What are you up to Ms. Perry?"

"Nothing," I said hoping he believed me. "I just know if it were me, I'd be wanting some guardian back up."

Fleck seemed to consider my words carefully and said, "Ms. Perry, I must say, you are not as stupid as I once thought. Perhaps when this is all over I shall keep you as my concubine."

I swallow at the unpleasant thought and asked, "Perhaps. But then whose heart will you send Oliver?"

SMACK! I cried out from the pain. 'Damn that hurts!'

"Don't push me Ms. Perry," he warned.

"Fine," I said stretching my jaw. "I'm ready when you are."

Fleck turned to Wyman. "Let's get this over with."

Wyman positioned what I believed was the camera, pushed some buttons, and pointed to Fleck. Fleck smiled into the camera and started. "Hello Stone. I have someone here who'd like to say something to you."

Fleck stepped aside and Wyman focused the camera on me, and then pointed. That was my cue. "Greetings Oliver Stone," I said, keeping my voice as flat and unemotional as possible. "Agent Fleck and Agent Wyman have captured me and are holding me prisoner. If you wish to keep me alive, you must follow these communications correctly. You are to bring the item the Queen gave you to Agent Fleck and Agent Wyman. Take the small shuttle and Agent Fleck will give you further instructions once you leave the ship. Do not communicate with any guardians from your planet or bring any guardians with you. Failure to comply with these communications will result in a box being delivered," I swallowed hard before I said, "with my heart in it. You have one Earth hour to comply with these communications."

Fleck stepped back in front of the camera and slapped me hard causing me to cry out in pain again. Then he turned to Wyman and said, "As you can see Stone, I have no problem hurting her. You have one hour."

Fleck nodded his head and Wyman pushed some buttons and nodded. Wyman gathered the equipment and Fleck turned and said, "Well done Ms. Perry. We'll see you in an hour."

Fleck turned on his heels and left, slamming the door behind him. I sighed and leaned back against the wall. 'Oh Oliver,' I prayed, 'please, please, catch my clues and rescue me. Please.' I felt my tears roll down my cheeks.