 My Wounded Hero

I was lying on a firm bed. I'd been here before, I knew it. My eyes fluttered open and I realized I was in the same bed I first woken up in, only now the room wasn't white, but pale green. I looked around the room while I tried to remember what had happened. In my mind, I saw flashes of the dungeon, Fleck and Wyman, the video, the arena, the fighting.

"OLIVER!"

I climbed out of the bed and of course, the alarms started going off, and I didn't care. My shoulders screamed in pain, and my hands are barely working, but I didn't care. I had to find Oliver. Iman and Rashad came running in and turn off the alarms.

"Alexis Perry," snapped Iman. "What do you think you are doing?"

"Where is he?" I asked.

"Alexis Perry," said Iman, "you need to get back in bed and allow us to examine you."

"Where IS he?" I demanded.

Rashad looked at me and said, "Alexis Perry, you-"

"WHERE THE HELL IS HE?" I yelled.

Rashad and Iman looked at each other than at me. Iman said, "If we take you to him, will you then let me examine you, Alexis Perry?"

"Yes," I said quietly.

"Follow me," said Iman.

Iman and Rashad led me out of the room, across the hall, and into another room. There was Oliver, unconscious, hooked up to different machines. He looked so small, so helpless. I knew Iman wanted me back in my room, but I walked over to Oliver, and gently took his hand. His hand was warm, but it did not respond to my touch.

"Oh Oliver," I said as my tears began to fall. "There is so much I want to tell you. So much I want to say that I haven't. Please don't die." I leaned down and kissed his forehead, then his lips. My tears fell on his face. "Come back to me," I sobbed. "My life is nothing without you. I love you."

I stood up straight as I felt Iman's hand touch my back, turned, and walked out. As I returned to my room, I climbed onto the bed and realized my wrists were bandaged up. Iman and Rashad ran their checks as they had done before. Both of my shoulders were seriously damaged and it will be hard for me to move my arms for several days, possibly weeks. My wrists had been cut to the bones from the cuffs and it would take some time to heal. My face was only slight bruised and not nearly as damaged as the first time I was here and Iman feels it heal in a few days. My chest and stomach took the least amount of damage and had already healed. Iman ordered me to stay in bed. I told them both I won't unless I can be in Oliver's room. After some arguing, we compromised, I was allowed to spend one hour with Oliver, if I spent two hours in bed to let my shoulders rest, and my body heal. As they left, Lara entered, looking a bit sheepish.

"Greetings Alexis Perry," she said.

"Hi Lara," I replied.

"I'm happy to see you are awake," she said.

"Thanks," I said.

"Have you seen him?" she asked.

"Yeah," I said coldly. "I get one hour with him if I stay in this damn bed for two."

Her eyes twinkled. "Have you had your hour yet?"

I looked into her face and smiled. "No, I haven't."

"Well then, I believe you need to have your hour. May I escort you?"

"Yeah, please."

Lara helped me out of the bed and escorted me back into Oliver's room. She grabbed a chair, and sat it by his bed, then stepped out of the room. I knew she was guarding the door for me to ensure I would have my time. I knew she could hear me and I didn't care. I took Oliver's hand and squeezed with what little strength I had. Nothing. No response.

I took a deep breath, and spoke. "So, it seems that I've had both of my shoulders damaged, probably dislocated them both and tore the ligaments and tendons in them. My wrists were cut up pretty badly from the cuffs and I might suffering from extreme exhaustion. My chest isn't too badly damaged as I wasn't on the island too long. Also, they're not sure if the drug Valente gave me has any other lasting effects. I managed to convince them to give me an hour with you as long as I stay in bed for at least two. I wanted to have my bed moved into your room but Iman just wouldn't go for that no matter how hard I fought. I mean, the arrangement sucks but it's better than nothing.... I saw you kill Fleck... you were so brave."

My voice cracked as I sobbed, "Then... I saw Wyman... and... it was my nightmare all over again.... I had found a gun... they must have brought it back from Earth... and I had it to protect myself. But... when I saw you... fall... I don't know... one minute I'm looking at Wyman's evil smiling face, laughing at me, and the next, I'm firing an empty gun and he's lying on the ground dead.... Now you're here... and if you don't wake up soon... I'll have to go back to Earth alone. But know this, Oliver Stone... I'm taking that picture of us with me."

I chuckled. "I don't know if you figured out my message or not, I'm just glad you came to my rescue. I just wish I could have rescued you too.... Oh Oliver, there is so much I wish I had told you. So much I wish I had said. My stupid insecurities kept you from knowing how much I love you, how deeply in love I am with you. Now, you're lying here, and I can only hope... and pray, that you'll wake up soon. Please Oliver, wake up."

Oliver didn't move. He just laid there. I held his hand, prayed he would wake up soon, and told him stories of my life before him. I even started to share the memories that came back to me when Iman did the memory scan to find the device in my body. When Iman was finally able to come in, and told me my hour was up (even though I was sure I had more than an hour thanks to Lara), I went back to my room. Lara and I talked. She told me that she was suspicious of Valente when she learned I had gone missing. They searched the ship until the video message confirmed their worst fears. Oliver had caught my clues in the message and ordered Valente taken prisoner immediately. She refused to admit any involvement, but after a check of her station, they discovered the device she used to transmit information to Fleck, and how he was able to send that video message and spy on us.

Then she told me about how Oliver had a plan in case I was captured, and it only took a moment to put into action. Valente was smart, but didn't know any attempt to cloak an outgoing message had been blocked so it was intercepted by the guardians of the planet and they were in route to our ship when the shuttle was sent out. Oliver had it set to transmit all communications to our ship, and theirs. Fleck had overstepped by attacking Oliver, and the King was furious. The rumor was that the Queen was outraged, but no one was sure who she was angry with more, the King, Oliver, Fleck, or me. When Lara finished her story, she asked me to forgive her.

"Forgive you for what?" I asked.

"I put you in a situation of great danger," she said. "I am a guardian who has sworn to protect the creature with who I was asked to protect. I am your guardian, I have sworn to protect you, and I failed."

"Valente had all of us fooled," I said. "It wasn't until I woke in the dungeon that I realized she wasn't really my friend."

"Yes," said Lara. "Many were shocked when she was imprisoned. She was a good liar."

"And you didn't let me down," I said as I held her hand, or rather, let it rest in mine. "When I saw you running in with Oliver, I knew I was saved. But I do have one question."

"What?"

"Who's Loquita?"

Lara started to laugh. "Loquitia is what you would call a goddess. And I needed you to not yell anymore."

"Yeah... sorry about that," I giggled.

"It's okay," she said. "I doubt I could have done much better if I had been in you place."

I grimaced and asked, "What will happen to me if he dies?"

"I do not know," said Lara honestly. "It will depend on what the King and Queen decide."

I nodded my head and closed my eyes. There was so much to process. I felt tears welling up in my eyes. I told myself not to cry, but soon, I couldn't stop the flow of tears. I felt Lara's arms wrap around me and I heard her soothing words, almost song-like, assuring me everything will be all right, assuring me Oliver will be fine, just assuring me.