 Life Back on Earth

The trip took even less time that I had expected. Soon Lara and I were on Earth, and back at my old apartment. It looked just as it did before I left, before my attack. My floor safe was closed and undisturbed, but I knew the letters and notes were gone. I discovered that we had only been gone four weeks, not five weeks as I had thought. I introduced Lara to Earth culture including food, clothes, and I even taught her how to drive my car. The marks on my wrists were fading fast and I was sure by the start of school, no one could tell I had ever been hurt, physically. I got my land-lord to let me move a two bedroom apartment telling him that Lara was a long lost half-sister from my father, when he was in high school. We claimed she tracked me down wanting a relationship with me, as my father and her mother were dead. This was why I had been gone for the last four weeks without giving anyone any notice. Maybe it was because I was such a good tenant, or he was just taken by Lara's natural beauty, but he let me move, without increasing my rent or asking too many questions. My new apartment didn't have a kitchen island which I was grateful for.

Next was to get Lara the necessary paperwork so she could get a job. She wanted to work as near me as possible and I knew we needed a new campus security person so it would be a perfect fit. Now, I wasn't always an honest person, but for the most part, I am a good person, and I know the value of friendship. During college, I had started typing essays for a bit of side cash and in doing so met up with some shady characters who, when necessary, were willing to help me out from time to time. I wasn't someone who took advantage of this service often, as I rarely needed it, but now I had a serious need. With a few phone calls, and a small amount of cash (less that it might cost someone else), we had all the necessary paperwork to prove that Lara, now Lara Stone, was a citizen, a resident, and legally eligible to work. I won't lie, her choice of a last name stung, but since she couldn't use mine without it looking too suspicious, I accepted her choice. She said she chose Stone as her last name because of how much Oliver meant to both of us. My next step was to use what little influence I had to get her a job. As it turned out, my principal loved her and was more than willing to make her the newest member of the school's campus security team.

For the next year, Lara and I would carpool to and from work together. She became the students' favorite on the security team, especially when she had to break up a fight between two very large boys by picking them up and carrying them to the office. A picture of this somehow found its way into the yearbook. My principal was a man of his word. I got to keep the literature elective and the advanced English class. I was busier than I had ever been before. I taught creative writing, poetry, classic literature, Shakespeare, and so much more. I couldn't remember when I had worked harder or loved it more. Keeping so busy helped me ignore the pain deep inside my heart. It was only during those occasional down times that I had when I would dwell on the loss of Oliver. I even got permission to have my students perform two plays, 'A Christmas Carol' in the winter and 'The Diary of Anne Frank' for the end of the year.

However, there were challenges for me that I had neither expected nor anticipated. It seemed everywhere Lara and I went, I was seeing Oliver, or men who I thought were Oliver. I even chased one poor man for several blocks convinced it was Oliver, until Lara pulled me off and I realized it wasn't him. We started referring to these events as 'sightings' and it got to where if I had one, I'd tell Lara right away and she'd tell me why it wasn't Oliver. Usually it was the eyes, but occasionally it was other features, like skin tone or hair color. Sightings would trigger nightmares and it was rare that I didn't cry myself to sleep.

My self-imposed isolation also fed the rumors that Lara and I were lovers. The rumors circulated around the school, but I just ignored them. I knew the truth, I knew who had my heart, and whom I loved. Lara finally dispelled this rumor when she was seen kissing a man she'd met one night at a local bar we went to for a drink. It was nice to see her smile and pay attention to someone else, besides me and I didn't object when she asked to go on a date one night. I had research reports to grade and the idea of a quiet evening at home sounded good to me. Finals were in a week and the papers were the culmination of a year's work my students had done, and not having Lara here would allow me to finish much faster. I was wearing my yoga pants and an old t-shirt that I had cut the sleeves and collar off when the phone rang.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Alexis Perry," said a scratchy mechanical voice. It had a familiar tone to it.

"Yes?" I said.

Click. I looked at the phone and checked. Dead. 'Damn!' I grabbed my cell phone and called the phone company. A pre-recorded voiced said that they were aware of problems in my area and they were working on it. I wished I knew who called. I checked the caller ID but it said nothing. I figured it was part of the glitch with the phone so I went back to my papers. Lara returned from her date just after midnight and was just glowing. She quickly told me that her date went well and she tried to call but the phone wasn't working. I told her about my mysterious phone call, how when I contacted the phone company I got the message that said they were aware of the problem, and trying to fix it. We both concluded that the caller was probably just trying to sell me something and we headed off to bed.

I finished grading my papers, administered my finals, and watched my students perform a play I taught them. This school year was everything I had hoped it was and more, and yet, I still wasn't happy, and I knew why. I had everything I had ever wanted in my career, but not someone to share it with. I mean, Lara's a great friend, and she's been every bit a loyal guardian, but she wasn't Oliver.

The last day of school was much different for me as an eighth grade teacher. Instead of being in the classroom keeping kids entertained, I was on the field with the kids at their promotion ceremony. Lara was nearby escorting parents to their chairs and I escorted my literature students to the field. I had been asked by the student body to give a brief speech at the ceremony, and I couldn't say no. Normally, this meant I was to sit on the stage, but I wanted to escort my students to the field, so I when they called me up, I walked the same way my kids would when it was their time. I smiled at the audience, took out my speech, and began.

"Today we are here, to celebrate the accomplishments of our students, as they end one chapter of their lives, and begin their next adventure, high school. For the last three years, we have worked together, learning and growing. Teachers have spent countless number of hours preparing lessons, and in return, our students have learned about the world though literature, history, scientific experiments, and mathematical equations. You came here as young eager children, and you leave us, teenagers on the brink of adulthood. Some of you have dreams of colleges and universities, some wish to join our armed forces, some haven't decided yet, and that's okay. Just remember to do what you love the most, and that love will echo in your work. You will meet people who will influence you and the decisions you make. Some will use that influence for good, while others for evil. Understanding this difference and making the right choices is sometimes difficult, but when you know deep in your heart and soul what is the right choice for you, you must stand by it, no matter what anyone says.

"Today is your day to enjoy your accomplishments. Celebrate with your family and friends. Today is your day and no one can take that away from you. Take this feeling with you everywhere you go. Remember how good it feels, and how this is just a sample of what you'll experience when you graduate high school, graduate college, or complete whatever goal you have set for yourself. Nothing or no one can stop you, if you truly believe. Believe in your dreams, and don't let the occasional nightmare get in your way. We all have trials and tribulations, and they help strengthen us, and shape us to be the person we are meant to be. In closing, let me remind you all of a quote from the great philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, 'That which does not kill us, makes us stronger.' Thank you."

The applause was thunderous as the students gave me a standing ovation. I took a few quick bows then stepped back and took my place on the stage to pass out the certificates for the students. One by one, student had their names called, came up, collected their certificates, and returned to their seats. Many would give me a hug before returning to their seats and it was all I could do to keep from crying. When the last student came up, the last certificate was given, the last hug exchanged, the principal thanked the parents and guests for their time, and concluded the ceremony. As I was stepping down from the stage, a man caught my eye, briefly. He had black hair, light brown eyes, like creamy caramel, and I gasped. Then some people moved in front of him, and try as I might, I couldn't see this man again. When they finally moved, he was gone. I shook my head and scolded myself for being so foolish, walked down to the field and was greeted my students and their families.

When I returned to my classroom, I found a box on my desk. Inside were a dozen long stemmed red roses, but no note. Lara walked in, smiled and asked. "What that?"

I held up the box to show her. "It was here when I came in."

"Ooooh. Who are they from?" she asked. I could hear the excitement in her voice.

We were thinking the same thing. "I don't know. There was no note."

"Do you think it's from-"

My door flew open and the students who had performed the Anne Frank play came in and cheered, "SURPRISE!"

I smiled and said, "Hi gang!"

"You got our roses," said the girl who had been Anne in the play.

"Yeah," said the boy who played Peter. "We all chipped in and got you these."

My heart sunk. It was such a wonderful gesture from my students, and as much as I loved these flowers, I knew why they didn't make me as happy as I had hoped. I smiled as big as I could so I wouldn't hurt their feelings.

"They're lovely. But there was no card."

"Check again," said the boy who played Otto Frank.

I looked into the box and there, under the roses, was the missing card. I pulled it out and read it aloud, "Thank you for teaching us the true meaning of freedom. Love, The Cast and Crew of 'Anne Frank'." Tears began to well up in my eyes. "Thank you kids,"

I hugged each one and thanked them all. They left and Lara said, "That was nice."

"Yeah," I said. "But it was weird how the card was under the flowers."

"How so?" she asked.

"Usually these cards are on the box or near the top."

"Maybe it got knocked around," she said

My door opened and Mrs. MacLauchlan stepped in and said, "I thought I heard you got flowers."

"Hi Mrs. MacLauchlan," I said. "They're from my 'Anne Frank' kids."

"Oh," she said.

"You sound disappointed," said Lara.

Mrs. MacLauchlan turned and saw Lara. "Oh Miss Stone, I didn't see you there."

"Ms. Perry had asked me to help her load her car," said Lara.

"Oh yes, the annual classroom shut-down," said Mrs. MacLauchlan.

"Yeah," I said wishing she'd leave. "My kids did a wonderful job cleaning my room, as always."

Mrs. MacLauchlan sneered then said, "Loved your speech Alexis."

"Thanks," I said smiling weakly.

"So, see you at the party tomorrow?" asked Mrs. MacLauchlan.

"Yeah," I said, "We'll be there."

"Wonderful," said Mrs. MacLauchlan and left the room.

I sat at my desk and admired my roses. "They are very beautiful," Lara said.

"Yeah," I said, then sighed. "I had another sighting today."

Lara frowned and said, "Alexis Perry, when are you going to-"

"I shook it off," I said raising my hand. "I didn't try to chase this one. I told myself I was being silly."

"You know as well as I do if he was here, he would have found you by now," said Lara as she walked over, grabbed a chair, and sat next to me.

I blew out a breath of air and said, "Yeah, I know Lara."

She reached over and took my hand. "I miss him too."

With that, we both held each and cried.