 My Second Meeting with the Queen

Our journey was so much more uneventful than the last time I made this trip, and on so many levels, I was grateful. I was both nervous and excited as we got closer, and would spend my spare time listening to stories of growing up, their schools and educational system, different celebrations, and much more. The crew seemed to enjoy sharing these stories with me, and in exchange, I shared with them about growing up on Earth, the places I lived, visited, and anything else they were interested in hearing about. Lara would even join in and share about her working at my school, learning how to drive, and being accepted by most Earthlings.

When we arrived on his planet, I looked out the window in our room, and saw a large group of creatures standing by where we were to land. It looked a bit like someone had poured a bag a skittles with all of the beautiful colors I saw from the different skin and hair colors of the creatures. At first, I was so taken by the sight that I don't consider why they were there. Then, I realized they were there to greet us, or me. I started to think I had made a huge mistake about coming here. I had chosen to wear my best jeans, and a plain pink blouse because I thought it looked nice on me, but I started to think I should have worn clothes of their world instead. I felt myself begin to panic when Oliver came in and took my hands into his gently.

He said, "My love, we are home. What's wrong?"

I pointed out the window and said, "Are they all here... for me?"

"No," said Oliver. "They're here for us."

"Are you sure I'm the right woman to be Queen?" I asked. 'Cause right now, I've got my doubts.'

"Alexis, if I didn't think you were the right woman for me, I wouldn't have asked you to be my life-mate. Don't worry about being queen right now. My people will grow to love you as much as I do."

He leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips. I felt that familiar flame rise up though my body when I heard the sound of someone clearing their throat. We turned and saw Lara smiling at us. "I really hate interrupting such a romantic scene, but it's time to greet your people."

I hate to admit it, but I was glad she stopped us when she did. No telling how much more might have happened had she not. Lara led us to the outside door, and stood aside as we walked out and were met with the loudest sound I'd ever heard. Thousands of different colored creatures were there, cheering and waving. It was as if we were some kind of celebrities. 'Was this was it was like for the Beatles when they came to America in 1964 the first time?' I thought. I stood there stunned for a moment, then I noticed Oliver smiling and waving. He glanced at me and I smiled, first at him, then at the crowd. I began to wave, and the crowd began to cheer even louder and it made me smile even bigger. Oliver took my hand, together we walked down as Lara and a couple of other guardians followed us into the castle.

Once we were out of sight of the crowd, and my eyes had adjusted to the darker room, I saw a group coming toward us. It took me a moment to realize it was Oliver's mother, my future mother-in-law, the Queen leading the group. She seemed to be smiling at us and I was more than a little nervous to see her again, especially since our last meeting wasn't as pleasant as I would have liked.

"Welcome home my son," said the Queen as she came toward Oliver with open arms.

"Mother," said Oliver.

He released my hand and embraced his mother in a big hug. Then they separated and she looked at me smiling. "We meet again Alexis Perry."

"Your majesty," I said, but didn't curtsey like I had done before.

"Mother," said Oliver smiling, "I'd like you to meet my fiancé, Alexis Perry. Alexis, this is my mother, Queen Helena."

Suddenly she grabbed me and hugged me so tight I almost couldn't breathe. Then she whispered in my ear, "Thank you for taking care of my son."

"Um... you're welcome?" I whispered back.

She released me, held me at arm's length, and said, "I can't wait to get to know you better. When is the big day?"

'Big day? Oh no!' We never talked about when we'd get married. I was so focused on the trip that I'd forgotten all about the wedding. Oliver smiled and said, "Soon Mother, very soon."

He winked at me and I said, "Oh, yeah. Very soon."

"But right now Mother," Oliver said, "we have some business we need to take care of."

"Well, your rooms are ready," said Queen Helena. "Should I have the guardians get your things?"

"My Queen," said Lara as we all turned and looked at her. "If I can be spared for a moment, I will go and retrieve their things. May I take Pham with me?"

"I don't mind," said Oliver.

"Thank you Lara," I said. "That would be wonderful."

Lara gave me a quick wink and her and another guardian left. We watched them walk back to the ship, and we continued walking with Queen Helena. "My son, you were gone so long. I hope you had a nice time on Earth."

"I did," said Oliver. "I was given a unique opportunity to hear Alexis speak to a class of students at a ceremony dedicated to them. She spoke so eloquently and I could tell how much she loved being a teacher, and how much her students loved her."

"It must have been so hard for you to leave them behind," she said to me.

"It was," I said. "But it was harder to leave Oliver behind when you sent me home."

"I hope you aren't still angry with me about that?" she asked.

"No," I said. "Oliver explained it all to me on our trip back. Actually, I'm grateful."

"It was so hard to send you away and not let you see him one last time, but I feared for your safety. I must say though, you are quite a forceful woman."

"So I've been told," I said looking up at Oliver.

"It's part of what made me fall in love with her," said Oliver.

I blushed as Queen Helena said, "I can see that."

"Mother," said Oliver, "if you don't mind, Alexis and I have some things we need to take care, and the sooner we take care of it, the better."

I just smiled as she said, "Well then, I'll see you two at dinner. We're having a few guests over to meet our future princess and queen."

"We are?" I asked and I was sure the nervousness could be heard in my voice.

"My dear girl, word of our last meeting has been shared by many and they all want to meet the one who captured my son's heart, and stood up to his parents," she said winking as she stopped and faced me. "You know, I was sure the King was going to have a fit after the way you spoke to him. It was quite clear how angry you were, and yet, you never showed any fear. Now off with you two."

She kissed Oliver on the cheek, hugged me, and left. Oliver took my hand and said, "We have a meeting with someone my love."

I looked at him confused and asked, "We do?"

"Yes," said Oliver, "and I want this one over with as soon as possible. Oh, and it's not a 'we' as it's much as it's a you."

Suddenly, I realized what he was referring to, my meeting with Valente. "But what about Lara?"

"Don't worry," he said, "she'll meet us there."