 The Confrontation with Valente

Oliver led me to where Valente was being held prisoner. We arrived to see Lara and Pham waiting for us with another man. As we walked in, they all stood up straight and Lara said, "Greetings sir. Greetings ma'am."

I was confused by her formality but Oliver just took it in stride and said, "Greetings Lara. Dawson. Is she ready?"

Dawson looked us and said, "Yes she is sir."

"Good. Oh and Dawson, this is Alexis Perry, my fiancé," said Oliver. "She will be speaking to her, alone."

"Are you sure sir?" asked Dawson.

"Yes we are," said Oliver in a forceful tone. "Not to worry, we will all be near."

Dawson walked over to the door and Oliver motioned to me to follow him. Lara handed me a tablet and winked at me. I nodded as he opened the door and I walked though. As I heard him shut the door behind me, I saw Valente lying on a bed. She looked up at me, sat up and said, "I was wondering if I'd ever see you again."

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

"I hadn't heard if you lived or not," she said, her tone was cold.

"I lived, no thanks to you."

She exhaled through her teeth and said, "What do you want?"

"I want to know why you betrayed me," I said.

"Betrayed you?" she asked.

"Yeah, when I met you, I thought you wanted to be friends."

She smiled and said, "You were so easy to manipulate."

"Why did you do it?"

She frowned. "Does it really matter?"

"It does to me."

"Huh, too bad you don't matter to me anymore."

"Then at least tell me why you let them video you violating your body so they could make you look like me."

She looked at me confused. "What are you talking about?"

"The video Fleck sent had a scene where several lizard-like creatures violating a woman who at first looked like me, but after a closer look, I realized that her vagina was the wrong color. Mine is pink and the woman in the video, well, her's was green." 

She laughed. "You're not going to fool me Alexis Perry. I know you're a terrible liar."

"I can prove it," I said.

"Okay," she snapped, "let's see."

With the tablet Lara had handed me, I cued up the video and showed her the violation at normal size. "Looks just like you," she said.

"At first, I thought so too," I said. "But something about this bothered me so I zoomed in here you'll see the issue."

I zoom in on the nipple and she looked a bit confused. "It's just a shadow."

"Yeah," I said. "I thought so too, at first. But then I saw this."

I waited for the scene of the lizard-like fingers pulling and the lips of the sex and zoomed it in to show her. She looked at it for a moment, then jumped up, took the tablet from my hand and threw it at me. I ducked, just barley in time as it smashed against the cell wall.

She screamed, "THAT BASTARD!"

"Who?" I asked.

She began clicking at me for a minute, then said, "Oh right, you don't speak our language do you? Why would you? You're not from our world! Who am I upset with you ask? The one you call Oliver. Did he tell you how he promised to make ME his queen! He seduces me with promises of becoming his princess, his queen, and then before I know what's happening, he's fucking my roommate and has the nerve to act like it's no big deal! I'm one of his people! I'm from this world! I'm one of his kind! Hell, I even loved the bastard for a time! And then one day, he comes back and announces that he's chosen his life-mate! And it's you! YOU?!? I mean, you... you're an Earthling! What do you have that I don't? What makes you so special that he turns his back on his own kind? You don't speak our language! You don't know our customs! You have pale skin, light hair, blue eyes, and hair down there."

She pointed toward my crotch then continued. "Tell me, is it because you're willing to fuck a total stranger in a public place? You want to know why I did what I did? BECAUSE HE CHOSE YOU INSTEAD OF ME! I was there in the ship you thought was a restaurant! I saw how easily you let him FUCK YOU! Did you really think we didn't know what you two were doing? Just like in those Earth movies! You're nothing but an Earth whore! Tell me, did you fuck him in your classroom too? Did you fuck him on the street? Did you take him to your apartment and fuck him there? Or do you only fuck men in restaurants under the guise of privacy? Tell me Earth whore, how many men did you fuck before you met him? Better yet, tell us both how many you fucked after he left?"

I turned around, saw Oliver standing in the doorway and from the look on his face, I could tell he was furious. "How dare you call my fiancé an 'Earth whore' you traitor!" he roared.

"'Fiancé'? FIANCÉ! You've chosen the Earth whore over one of your own?" she asked.

"I chose the female I loved," he said.

"Then make her answer my questions!" she screamed. "If she loves you so much, make her say how many men did she fuck after you left?"

"None," I said coldly.

"LIAR!" Valente screamed.

"After he left, and the notes promising me an explanation stopped," I continued. "I couldn't get him off my mind, and I couldn't seem to bring myself to even consider dating anyone else. I spend a year crying and wondering if I had pushed too hard for answers. It was only under the pressure of some friends did I even attempt to try dating again. I went out a few times with some really nice gentlemen, but it never felt right. I'll admit I kissed some of them, but there wasn't that same chemistry I had felt with Oliver, so it never went any further. So to answer your question truthfully, Valente, none."

Valente screamed and lunged at me so fast I didn't realize she was moving until she was on top of me. I hit the floor with force and had the wind knocked out of me. She hit me two or three times before Pham and Lara rushed in and pulled her off me. Dawson rushed in and put something on Valente's arm. Soon she stopped screaming and her body went limp. They laid her on the bed, then Oliver stepped over and helped me to stand back up. We all walked out and Dawson locked the door. Oliver, Pham, and Lara clicked at him, then we all left. The walk back was quiet and tension filled. I felt foolish for thinking she would tell me anything, and even more so when I realized she was just using me to extract her revenge on Oliver for something he did when he was younger. I didn't know if Oliver believed me or not about what I said, but at least we knew why she did what she did.

Oliver, Pham, and Lara let me into a small room and shut the door. "Are you hurt?" Oliver asked taking my hand.

"Shaken, not stirred," I said.

"Alexis," said Oliver, "I had no idea she was so upset with me."

I shrugged my shoulders and said, "As long as you believe me, I really don't care."

"About what?" he asked.

"About what I said that made her go into such a rage," I said.

"Of course I do," he said, "I had regular reports on your movements until about a month before I returned."

I smiled and remembered that he had me followed by Lara's father and brother. "Oh yeah, I forgot," I said.

"Besides," said Oliver, "you've never lied to me about your past. Why would you start now?"

I smiled and hugged him. "Thank you for believing in me."

"Thank you for loving me," he whispered in my ear.

Lara cleared her throat and said, "Sir, as much as I hate to disturb you, I need to help Alexis Perry prepare for your dinner with the Queen."

"You're quite right Lara," said Oliver as he released me. "I will have you escort her to her room. I will see you again at dinner, my love."

Oliver kissed me on the cheek, and opened the door. Lara led me from the small room and back to the castle.