 The Compromise

Over the next week, I was with Queen Helena at one function after another. She was working with me to help me know what would be expected of me when I became the new queen. I still heard the cruel gossip when Oliver wasn't around, yet the Queen said nothing, as if she didn't hear them. Her training was valuable and I was very grateful for it, but it restricted the amount of time I got to see Oliver so we haven't had any time to plan our own wedding, even though I kept getting asked about the when and what about it. The whole schedule was beginning to wear me down, and my nightmares returned, so I was not sleeping well either. Then Oliver sent me a message to meet him in the garden after the next dinner party so we could plan our wedding. This was the first highlight I've had since we had arrived. Lara and I planned how she would get me there without raising suspicion, and my excitement almost gave our plan away.

Lara led me to the garden entrance and I quietly walked in. I saw Oliver standing by what looked like a fountain with colored water, and his back to me. He must have heard me walking as he turned around and said, "You look so beautiful tonight."

"Thanks," I said. "It's so wonderful to finally see you without a crowd of people in the room."

"I know," he said taking my hand and led me deeper into the garden. "I see Gamaley's visit was successful."

"Yes, thank you," I said. I wanted to tell him how this gift allowed me to hear the cruel things his people were saying about me, but I chose to keep quiet.

"You're welcome," he said. "But tonight is about planning our wedding, not your beautiful ears."

"I've wanted to do that since we arrived," I said.

"If we don't plan something soon, my mother will do it for us," he said.

"Do you think she'll be okay with the dresses I brought back from Earth for Lara and me?"

"I don't see why she wouldn't," he said. "But she has been so pleased that you've been wearing clothes of our world she may want you to wear her wedding clothes."

"It's a nice thought, but I'll wear my dress," I said.

"Then it's settled my love," he said kissing my hand, "you and Lara will wear the Earth dresses you've brought back with you."

I smiled. 'That was easy,' I thought. 'Too easy.' "What aren't you telling me Oliver?"

Oliver stopped and looked deep into my eyes. "Part of me wishes we had gotten married on Earth so we wouldn't still be separated. I mean, I know the marriage wouldn't be totally recognized here, but at least I'd be able to see you on a daily basis, and not just in a public forum. My mother is pushing for a huge ceremony where you're crowned queen immediately after. I'm not ready to take my father's position yet, and I'm sure you'd like some more time not being queen. I like the idea of having you as my people's princess. You're already my princess."

I smiled at this thought. "So how are we going to do this?"

"I'll see if I can get her to compromise, tell me about Earth weddings," he said.

I describe the ceremonies and receptions as best as I remember. I've only attended a few weddings, and was never actually a part of one until now so my experience was limited. He seemed to be more interested in the reception than the ceremony, so we spent more time talking about it than anything else, as we continued our walk in the garden. Soon we found ourselves back at the garden entrance with some plans in the works. I knew the bulk of this ceremony will be more of his culture than mine, but my only regret was my father couldn't give me away. However, this would have been the case if we'd gotten married on Earth so I don't dwell on it too much. We kissed goodnight and Lara escorted me back to my room. The entire way back, I kicked myself mentally for not telling him about the gossip, but I didn't wish to anger him so I just stayed quiet.

We walked in and I was ready for my nightly ritual of scrubbing, stripping, and bed when I realized that Lara had become quite rigid. It took me a moment to realize why, we weren't alone.

"My Queen," Lara said.

I looked up and there was Queen Helena sitting in a chair waiting. "Good evening Lara. Good evening Alexis. Did you have a nice visit with my son?"

At this point, I wasn't sure if I was in serious trouble, or what. Knowing I was busted, I sighed, "Yes My Queen, I did."

She smiled big and said, "Lara, could you take Ibarra and Lilja and give me a few minutes alone with Alexis?"

"Yes My Queen," she said.

Ibarra and Lilja quickly walked out of the room and Lara closed the door as she left. I knew she was standing just outside, but now I was standing here alone with my future mother-in-law and I didn't know if she was angry with me or what. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit My Queen?"

She smiled big and said, "Please, call me Helena, and sit down."

I sat in the other chair facing her and said, "Helena, if I've done something to offend you or broke a rule, I didn't mean to-"

She raised her hand and I stopped talking. "I'm surprised you and Oliver haven't tried to see each other more since your arrival. It just proves how much you love each other and how much you're trying to respect our ways. As far as how I knew, that's my little secret. I do know that you two need to be wed soon or my people will start to wonder if he's serious about you. I've heard the gossip, and the cruel things my people have said about you. I also know that you're not ready to be queen yet."

"But how-"

"Actions speak louder than words," she said. "I can see how hard you are trying, and maybe I've been pushing you too much. I'm sure the gossip and the whispers have fed your doubts about being our new Queen. It's just, I was just so excited to see my son so happy, and I knew you were the one when you were willing to kill for him."

I swallowed hard, "It wasn't something I really thought about as a symbol of love."

"But if you think about it, it was," she said. "He came to rescue you at risk of his own life, and then when his life was in jeopardy, you rescued him."

"By killing Wyman?" I asked.

"Lara told me that shortly after you operated your weapon, you collapsed into her arms. She said it was as if you were a woman possessed by an unseen force the way you operated that weapon. Iman told me the damage to your arms was so great, you shouldn't have been able to work that weapon successfully, and yet you did. I was also told of your bravery at how you resisted the trackers attack on you, including how the one you called Fleck tried to kill you then have unwelcome sexual relations."

"We call that rape where I come from," I said. "I wasn't going to give that monster what he wanted, especially after the way he treated me the first time we met."

"Have you ever protected another male like you did for my son before?" she asked.

At first, I found this to be an odd question, but then I thought for a moment and said, "No, ma'am."

"As I thought," she said.

"So is this what you wanted to know, if I truly love your son?" I asked.

"No, I know you love my son. You have demonstrated that over and over again. Just like I know you haven't told him about the hurtful words his people say about you. You don't wish to bring him any pain. Only a woman who truly loved a man would keep such a painful secret. I'll bet you didn't even tell him tonight, did you?

"No, I didn't."

"As I thought. What I'd like to discuss with you is when you are going to marry my son."

"Soon," I said. "Time was the only thing we didn't discuss."

"In a week, it will be our annual Harvest Celebration. Even though the harvest isn't as critical as it was when the celebration was established, it is a tradition we kept. It's a common time for young couples to wed as it's seen as a blessing to wed on such a day. It's believed that if a couple that can wed on the day of harvest celebration, will bear strong, healthy children."

'CHILDREN! Oh no!' I hadn't even thought about if Oliver and I can even have children. "Um, Helena, I'm not-"

"Alexis," she interrupted, "we have medical knowledge that your people haven't even thought of yet and trust me, if you can't bear his children now, you will be able too soon. I'm willing to wait a while before you give him daughters."

'Daughters? Oh right.' "What if all I can give him is sons?" I asked.

"Then they will be fine young men and you will be a great mother, and an even better queen."

I smiled and said, "Thank you Helena."

"Now, tell me about what a wedding on Earth is like," she said.

Just as I did with Oliver, I explained what I could remember from the few weddings I had attended. I explained the ceremony, including: the roles of the best man, the maid of honor, and how the bride's father escorts her down the aisle and presents her to the groom. I explained about the tradition of 'something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.' Lara was going to cover my borrowed item, my grandmother's bracelet is my old, and my dress is new. I joked that my blue eyes should cover the 'something blue' item. Then I talk about the reception, including the food, dancing, throwing the bouquet, the garter toss, and everything else I could remember from what I'd seen in person, and on television. When I told her about the dresses I brought with me from Earth for Lara and me to wear, she asked if she could see them, and I agreed. It required my getting Lara, as she had them hidden so Oliver wouldn't see them before the wedding.

Lara escorted us to her room and showed us the hidden small closet where our dresses had been stored since my arrival. My dress was a full-length strapless white gown, with silver trim around the pattern in the skirt and bodice, and a short train. I had a sheer veil and a jeweled comb that would decorate the veil and my hair. The shoes were white wedge heels and I had a garter belt that Oliver could throw if we were to include that. Lara's gown was silver and strapless, with a small white jacket to cover her shoulders, and silver wedge heels. Lara rested her hand on my shoulder as Helena looked carefully at our dresses. I feared she won't like the dresses and would make us wear something else. When Helena looked at us, I felt Lara's hand slide down to my back, and out of sight.

"These are magnificent. Many women of our world would be honored to wear such fine gowns for such a special occasion. Don't be surprised if others try to duplicate your dresses after your ceremony. Do you have clothes for Oliver as well?"

I looked at Lara and we realized the same thing, she didn't hate our dresses and we didn't think of his attire. "No, I don't. I just assumed he'd be required to wear the clothes of his world for this."

Helena smiled big and said, "And you would be accurate. Now that I know what your gown looks like, I can have his clothes made to match, somewhat. We will plan your wedding, and then after you and Oliver have had your time together, we will resume your training. When the time is right, you will become our new queen. You will silence the naysayers and prove to them you are the perfect choice, and the right women to lead us all."

I smiled big and hugged Helena without thinking about if it was proper or not. She hesitated for a moment then put her arms around me and hugged me back. "I always wanted a daughter," she whispered in my ear. "My son could not have chosen a better woman than you."

I fought back my tears as Lara escorted us back to my room then started to leave when Helena said, "I think this will be a ceremony that will be remember for eons. I'm sure you're rather tired and I have much work to do. That is, if you don't mind my setting this all in motion."

"I don't," I said. "As long as Oliver is happy with everything as well."

"You are like no one I've ever met before Alexis," said Helena. "You are still concerned with my son's happiness when all he needs to make him happy is you. Good night my dear. We have a lot of work to do to get this ceremony ready by Harvest Celebration, and I need to see my son."

Queen Helena left and Lara quickly returned smiling and said, "She likes our dresses."

"She's willing to work with me on the wedding," I said shocked.

"You're getting married at Harvest Celebration in a week," she said.

I collapsed into a chair and said, "I'm really getting married, to Oliver."

"Yes, and soon you will be Princess Alexis," she said.

'Whoa, Princess Alexis, am I really ready for this?' I thought. Ibarra and Lilja returned and helped me get ready for bed. That night, I was unable to sleep as I was so excited at the thought of the wedding, and so scared that I was about to become a princess.