 Chapter 12

At midday, the caravan arrived at the court of King Dietrich. With their arrival, so did the stories of the treacherous journey that had been the lady Isana's lot and how the knight Aldwyn had been the hero and had single-handedly slain the barbarian kidnappers and rescued the lady; Most of these, gross elaborations and exaggerations of the truth. 

Word of these tales reached the court before the lady Isana did. As the lady's envoy entered the hall of King Dietrich, there was a flurry of questions from court members, trying to ascertain the facts. Finally after much colloquium, the king called for silence. The Lady and the Knight Aldwyn came before the king. 

The heavy oak doors opened as the Lady Isana stepped into the cavernous hall, the knight Aldwyn at her side. The long stone arcade of the hall was lined by court-goers and guardsmen in ceremonial garb. The hall ended at the elevated platform of the King's throne. Isana felt the eyes of all the people around her upon her. This strange place and strange room left her feeling vulnerable and exposed. She also felt the reassuring presence of Aldwyn at her side. He had gone through worse for her already and she knew she could count on him here. 

As she reached the end of the arcade, she stood before the King Dietrich, an older man of graying blond hair, a white beard, and piercing blue eyes. His stature, she could not guess from the elaborate layers of clothing that covered his body, though his position on his throne left no doubt as to his position in the court. 

"Kneel," Aldwyn's voice barely a whisper. The lady suddenly remembered that kneeling before the king was customary before being greeted. With as much grace as she could, she knelt before the king, as did Aldwyn timing himself to match his lady. 

"Lady Isana," King Dietrich's voice resonated in the hall, "What is this I hear that you were kidnapped and rescued in the span of a day? Stories of this have flooded the city and even reached this court before you. Many variations abound and none are sure of the truth of any of it. Please tell us, what was this escapade that has delayed your arrival?"

Unsure of whether the King was actually angry or just being formal, the lady rose to her feet and spoke, "King Dietrich, some days ago, I was enroot to your kingdom when the caravan that carried me was attacked by barbarians. They took me and one of my handmaidens hostage. That night, a single man, the valiant knight Aldwyn came forth from the forest and freed me and my handmaiden, dispatched our captors whose numbers were seven times his own, and safely returned us to the caravan where we have made all speed to your court."

"Is this valiant knight to whom you refer the man at your side my lady?" The king asked.

"Yes," The lady answered, "I owe this man my life."

"And you sir Knight, what do you say? Do you wish to add anything to your lady's account?"

"Yes," Aldwyn stood, "If I am to be considered responsible for my lady's rescue, then I must also be considered responsible for my lady's capture."

A great murmur rose among the court, until the king called for silence again.

"In what way were you responsible for the lady's capture?" the King enunciating his words very clearly, expressing no connotation.

"On the first night of our journey, I was standing watch when I noticed fresh tracks which belonged a breed of horse favored by the barbarians. I thought them to be the tracks of traveling merchants at first, but then it occurred to me that the tracks could be a sign of a raiding party. I should have returned to my lord's lands immediately, but instead I pressed on. While I did send for reinforcements as a precaution, I was still in error. I was charged with the safe conduct of my lady and she narrowly escaped disaster. If I am to be credited with my lady's rescue, then I must also be credited with her capture."

"Do you believe your faults deserve punishment?" the King asked in a contemplative tone.

"Yes, Sire."

"What punishment do you believe you deserve?"

Aldwyn stepped forward, knelt before the steps to the king's throne and said almost mournfully, "Whatever punishment you see fit." With that, Aldwyn bent his head down, assuming the position of a condemned man. 

The court rolled with murmurs again, and Isana was dumbfounded. This was unheard of. Aldwyn was tempting both the wrath and mercy of the King. Quickly the rolling murmurs of the court died and the hall reverberated with silence. The king remained utterly still. It was obvious he was contemplating the situation.

Finally the king spoke, "Dear Lady Isana, as it was you who was chiefly offended by the actions just confessed by this Knight, it is for you that justice must be made. What punishment would you consider appropriate?"

Isana had barely heard the king, as she was still frozen from the shock of Aldwyn's confession, but quickly she quickly began to form an answer. "My King, it is true that my capture was due in part to the actions of the Knight Aldwyn... but I consider his culpability a cup in a well in comparison to those who planned, and committed this act against my person. While he offers his life as justice, I do not wish for his life."

"But what should his punishment be for his trespass against you? A cup in a well is still a cup and all must be accounted for."

Isana again took a moment, then a thought, "My King, there is a form of settlement that is commonly used in civil matters in my father's lands that would satisfy me. It is called a ‘debt of service.' The Knight would be required to perform any act of service to me at my request to my satisfaction." 

"Sir Knight, would this be an acceptable form of penance?"

Aldwyn raised his head, "If it is acceptable to my Lady, it is acceptable to me."

"Then the matter is settled, Sir Knight Aldwyn, you are hereby indebted to the lady Isana an act of service to be called upon at anytime at the Lady's discretion."

"The Knight rose to his feet and bowed deeply, "Your majesty's judgment is as wise as it is fair," And Aldwyn stepped back to his place beside his lady.

"Now to your responsibility in matter of the Lady's rescue," The King spoke in a reverberating tone as he stood from his throne. The King stepped down from his platform and stood on the same level as Aldwyn. Standing on the same level as Aldwyn, it was apparent that the king's true height was several inches shorter than that of the knight, but crown that he wore made up the difference and then some. The king then placed his hands on either of the knight's shoulders, a gesture which was reserved for honored guests, or those whom the king intended to give honors. "Friends," King Dietrich boomed, "After my son's wedding to this lady is complete, we shall see this knight made a Hero." The bestowing of the title of Hero was one of the highest honors the King could give. Aldwyn was speechless, which was just as well since the king spoke again, "Now, see to it that this lady and her entourage are taken care of. Court is now in recess. I shall take my leave."

As the court began to disburse, the knight Sheridan approached his king and reverently bowed, "Sire, if I may, I have an urgent matter to discuss."

"Of course," King Dietrich replied, "Walk with me." With that The King and his knight walked off to the side of the hall to a doorway and disappeared. 

From behind, two maidens of Dietrich's court stepped to the sides of the Lady Isana and the knight Aldwyn and lead then to their respective quarters that had been prepared for them. 

Chapter 13

The maiden from court lead the lady to her quarters. As the lady entered the room, the maiden mentioned that her handmaiden was asleep in one of the rooms. The lady thanked her and dismissed her with the instruction that she was not to be disturbed for the rest of the day. As soon as the maiden left, Isana went to Alicia's bedside.

Isana sat on the edge of the bed where her golden girl lay asleep. Seeing the utterly placid features of Alicia's face gave Isana a peace of mind unlike anything in the world. Somehow, even after all the turmoil of their journey, seeing that angelic face made the world seem so much better. Gently, the Lady crept over to Alicia and with the weight of a feather, placed a kiss on the golden girl's forehead. 

As she began to withdraw, there was a rapping at the door. At first the lady was startled, but then looked over to see if her handmaiden had been stirred by the noise. Still she lay in that bed, undisturbed by the world around her. Reassured by this, the lady carefully removed herself from the bed, and briskly made her way to the door, intending to throttle whoever was at the door.

She pulled the heavy door open to find the Knight Sheridan standing before her with a rather surprised look on his face. "I thought I left instructions NOT to be disturbed," the lady managed to keep her voice low enough to not wake her maiden, but her tone was obviously one of undisguised anger. 

"My apologies lady, but the King sent for you," Sheridan was obviously unprepared for the lady's response.

"Very well," Isana's irritation was subsiding, "Lead on."

Though several hallways, the Lady was lead to the royal quarters. Finally they stood outside a set of ornately engraved doors. Knight Sheridan spoke, "My King, The Lady Isana is here at your request."

"Send her in," came the resonate voice of the king. 

Sheridan opened the doors, and stepped aside to allow the Lady to enter first. The room was rather large. The walls lined with shelves stacked with manuscripts, scrolls and bound papers. The middle of the room was a large desk covered in papers, topped with lanterns. Above the room was a rather impressive chandelier which lit the room remarkably well."

"What do you think of my study?" the king's voice coming from the right of Isana. Looking to her right, she saw that the king was looking straight at her, holding a manuscript in his hands which he had been apparently been reading. He had since removed the excess grab of his title, wearing only a simple tunic which probably served as an undergarment for his royal clothes. His head now bare reveled long white thinning hair to match his beard. 

"Impressive," The lady replied.

The old King smiled, turned to his knight and dismissed him. Sheridan left, closing the doors as he did so. The king returned his attention to the lady. "Your noble father told me you had a sharp mind. I didn't realize how sharp until your arrival. You impressed me with your speech in court, and I am not easily impressed."

"Thank you, kind King," the Lady replied.

"Please Isana, let us speak simply. In here, you may refer to me as Dietrich."

"As it pleases you, Dietrich."

"There are a few matters I would like to discuss with you," the king began to walk, "Let us have a seat at the table." As the Lady followed the King around the desk, sure enough there was a table with a few chairs around it. It too was covered with scattered papers. 

Isana waited for the king to be seated before taking a seat across from him. The king looked as though he were mentally collecting himself. Finally he spoken with a solemn tone, "Do you know of my son's... disposition?"

"Yes," Isana answered.

"You are well informed," the old king paused, "If you know of my son's disposition then you also know of the rumor regarding the... conception of an heir to my throne."

"Yes," Isana became a statue. The shock that he would bring this subject up so plainly left her unable to think.

"Allow me to assuage your fears," "I would not force myself on you. In fact, my physician, in whom I have complete confidence, tells me that I am beyond the point of which I can sire children."

"If that is the case, then how did such a rumor get started?"

"I planted a few seeds in the fertile minds of court and fortunately, they bore the intended fruit."

"You started this rumor? For what purpose?"

"In the event of your pregnancy, the common people will naturally accept the idea that you bore the seed of my son. As for the court, they will still have every reason to believe that your child will be of the royal line. There will never be any question of your child's legitimacy."

"And what of your son? Is he so unwilling? Even for the sake of continuing the royal line?"

"He says his passions burn only for the man he loves. Besides, he cares not for the life of court. He finds the protocol and ceremony of it tedious and burdensome. His gifts and talents lend themselves to the arts. He does not have the head for politics. Fortunately I think you do."

"Are you suggesting that... once you're gone that... I would take your place as sovereign?"

"Yes."

"Your son is alright with all of this?" 

"I love my son as a father should. I have accepted him for the man he is. He does not want the responsibility, so I won't give it to him. I have made other arrangements for him."

"But, who would be the... true father?"

"That is a matter I leave entirely up to you."

Isana couldn't believe what had just transpired. Not only would she sovereign, but she would be able to freely choose the father of her child. For a moment, she felt a surge of power that made almost light headed, but then to weight of the responcibility began to settle. It felt incredibly heavy, but then the king spoke again.

"Now to a more immediate issue," the King said changing the subject, "Did your knight tell you his suspicions regarding your attempted kidnapping?"

"Yes," Isana replied.

"But did he tell you who he thought was responsible?" Dietrich asked.

"One of the barbarian chieftains," Isana answered, "He didn't give a specific name."

"During your rescue," The King elaborated, "Your Knight found a ceremonial dagger on the body of one of the dead. That kind of dagger is issued only to the Sentinels; a small select group of soldiers of the Wilburn clan reserved specifically to guard the chieftain. The last chieftain of the Wilburn clam was a man called Theron; one of the most powerful chieftains before and after the last war. He died under strange circumstances about a year ago."

"He was an arrogant, manipulative, and brutal man," Dietrich continued, "He was also a womanizer. In addition to his wife, with whom he had seven children, he had at least four mistresses and countless illegitimate children. One of those children is named Damien."

"Damien, much like his father, is manipulative, brutal, and arrogant, but he also much cleverer than his father. It is no secret that he has wanted his father's throne, but all the legitimate male heirs come before him in that right. All except one of those legitimate heirs have mysteriously died. Some were poisoned, some killed in hunting accidents, and some have just disappeared. While there is no proof of treachery, it is widely believed that Damien was responsible for the deaths of those heirs and even his own father, with the aid of some or all of the Sentinel guards. The only remaining heir is Thor and he, of all the possible heirs, is by far the most unsuited to the position. 

"His reign has been one failure after another. Most of his people hate him and would gladly receive a new chieftain. If this is true, it was Damien's plan to have Thor take the throne, allow him to flounder, then with the support of the people, overthrow Thor, and take the throne for himself."

"So it was this Damien who tired to have me kidnapped," Isana interjected.

"Yes," Dietrich answered, "Not only would this give Damien the right to your father's lands, and the excuse to start a war, but also according to their customs, a chieftain must be married before his coronation."

"So as long as he intends to take me as his bride, he can't usurp Thor," Isana was starting to comprehend the intricacy of this Damein's plan, "But once I marry your son, he can't take me, correct?"

"No," The king replied mournfully, "In fact, you will be even more desirable since you would also give him claim on my kingdom as well as your father's lands."

"Then why did he not wait until after the marriage to strike?"

"He saw an opportunity to take you and went after it. Besides he was probably counting on me allying myself with your father against him, making my lands fair game as well."

"Clever bastard."

"Indeed. That brings me to the main reason why I wanted to talk with you. Your security and safety is now directly linked to the welfare of your father's lands as well as mine. I feel it only prudent that you be assigned a permanent staff of guards that would answer only to you."

"Of course," Isana did not like the idea of being constantly guarded as a prisoner in her home; however the alternative prospects were far grimmer. 

"I realize that such measures may be inconvenient, even confining, for you," the king said with a contemplative tone, "But I believe a suitable arrangement could be made if the right man were found to take charge of your security. It would require someone with extensive experience with personal security, someone who is devoutly loyal to you, someone who you trust, and someone who understands the enemy. Can you think of someone with those credentials?" 

Chapter 14

One of the maidens from court had lead the Knight Aldwyn to a well furnished room that already had a bath next to the fire. "Here is your room. If you require anything else please don't hesitate to ask," said the maiden.

"Thank you," Aldwyn replied, "As a matter of fact, I do require assistance with cleaning a wound in my shoulder. If you could send for a nurse, it would be greatly appreciated."

"Of course sire," The court maiden replied and then backed out of the room. 

Aldwyn took a moment to inspect the room. It was well furnished, but his eyes were quickly drawn to the bed. The bed looked quiet ample, even for his large frame. It also looked soft as a cloud. It looked divine to his tired eyes. He knew he would sleep well tonight. He would sleep well tonight even if we were sharing a stall with the swine, but that bed would certainly make it more enjoyable. 

A knock at the door broke Aldwyn's concentration. "That must be the nurse," he thought to himself." "Enter," He called. He began to remove his shirt, "It's a wound in my left shoulder. It isn't deep, but it does need to be cleaned and the dressing should be changed."

"Quite," chirped an all too familiar female voice.

Removing his shirt the rest of the way, Aldwyn looked shapely at the nurse who stood before him. "Allegra? By what devil's trick did you get in here?" 

Allegra grinned coyly as her dark eyes sparkled with the light of the fire, "I have my resources. Speaking of which, did my resources prove useful in that last little assignment you gave me?"

"Yes," Aldwyn's voice relaxed as the surprise wore off, "Your report was most informative."

"Just out of curiosity," Allegra asked in an almost uninterested tone, which she only used when she was exceptionally interested, "What was it you really wanted to know about the dear young prince?"

"My lady wanted to know more about her future husband before she was married to him. It seemed a reasonable request, though some might have found the idea of my lady making official inquiries into the prince's character to be inappropriate. Thus she asked me to make some discrete inquiries, and I delegated it to you. By the way, I trust your compensation was satisfactory."

"Of course," Allegra knew he was lying. "Well shall I clean your wound?"

"Yes," Aldwyn replied, knowing Allegra was up to something.

Allegra stepped towards Aldwyn, and removed the old bandage. A line of slightly fowl-smelling puss surrounded by reddened and inflamed skin was revealed. After a momentary inspection, she retrieved a bowl from a shelf and scooped some of the water from the bath tub. Using a cloth, Allegra began to deftly clean the wound with the precision of a monk's calligraphy. 
