 Chapter 3: First Fantasy

For George, it had been a day unlike any other. Out of the ashes of one of the worst days of his life in which he had been picked on, scolded, beaten up, and humiliated, sprung a new day that had quickly become the most joyous he had every experienced. He had serendipitously found a magical Persian tar which when played correctly unleashed the essence of a sexual Genie servant who was now bonded to him for life. He had named her Dawn, after her striking pair of light blue eyes flecked with red and gold, which reminded George of a sunrise. The rest of her was just as beautiful, long and feathered honey-colored hair, a lithe and curvaceous body, and a disposition so enchanting one would have trouble not melting into a puddle of hapless goo the moment she said hello. But for George she seemed to have the opposite effect. When before he had felt meek and timid, he now felt stronger and livelier around her. After spending the day getting to know her, Dawn had revealed to him that she was in love with him and that, magical bond or no, she always would be.

After many years of fear and self-loathing, this revelation had a great impact on George. He had never believed that anyone would ever love him. The hope that his bad days were behind him had broke him down. As Dawn hugged him tightly, years of pain seeped into the collar of her light blue pajama top. She had allowed him to feel safe, and their bond had grown even stronger.

Now that his life had turned a corner George was emotionally exhausted, not to mention physically thanks to the copious amounts of amazing sex. He felt like he needed a nap but it was still mid afternoon and he was worried that if he went to sleep again Dawn wouldn't be there when he awoke. Instead, he decided a nice leisurely movie would help him rejuvenate and allow him to spend more time with his dream girl. She agreed excitedly as it was to be her first cinematic experience.

"Why don't you pick," he offered.

She beamed at him and moved to the DVD collection next to the TV. George loved the way she bent and posed for him as she perused the collection. She would stand on her toes to reach the top of the shelf for some random box and then twist to show off the curve of her perfect butt and her graceful legs. "Hmmm, King Kong..." she said, "nah, too long." Then she knelt and thrust her ass into the air as she reached for another box, "Saw, eww gross." She continued through the collection being sure to give George all the best views of her delicious figure. She would make sure the outline of her perky breasts was visible even though she was facing away from him.

Eventually she found a movie that excited her and dived into George's lap to show him. "Harry Potter?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Please! It looks like fun," she gave him a sexy pout and bounced up and down, which did wonderful things to her braless tits.

"Ok, ok! Put it in." She began to pull his cock out of his pants, "The movie you little minx!"

"Darn, I thought I had you there," she laughed. She jumped off his lap and moved to the entertainment center. It took her a few minutes, but she figured out how the TV and DVD player worked and returned to George's lap.

As the movie played, Dawn watched in complete fascination. She would gasp and clap excitedly at Harry's victories, and boo his enemies. All the while she would bounce on George's lap as he wrapped his arms around her taut stomach. She was particularly fascinated by the wands. "Ooh, that is neat! I want a wand George!" she exclaimed. Then she stopped bouncing as a sudden realization hit her, "Wait a second...I DO have a wand." She crawled off of George's lap and pulled out his hardened cock. "8 and a half inches of pure mahogany," she said as she stroked him slowly.

George was only beginning to recover but he reached his full length in record time thanks to her expert ministrations. However, he was still a little sore from their previous encounter in which he had, almost literally, fucked her brains out. "Oh babe, I don't want to tell you to stop but..."

"Do not tell me then," she interrupted, "just relax and let me give you a little taste of what is in store for you for the rest of your life."

"But I'm still recovering from last time and I don't want you to miss the movie."

"I can do both and besides," she flashed him a sexy grin, "you are always just one wish away from being ready."

He thought for a second, which wasn't easy at that particular moment, and said, "I wish to be completely rejuvenated so that I can enjoy a relaxing handjob from my beautiful girlfriend."

The tingle returned along with the flash of gold from her eyes. He felt completely refreshed and his cock seemed even harder then it had been before. She moved in close to kiss him and purred, "Mmmm, you are so sweet. I am very lucky to have such a great guy as my boyfriend." She smiled happily, "I cannot believe I just called you that. You do not mind, do you George?"

"You know I don't. It's official now."

"Could you...say it again?" she said sheepishly. Her eyes glistened from the light of the TV.

George could tell this meant a lot to her. He looked deep into her eyes and said, "Dawn, you are my wonderful, intelligent, beautiful girlfriend and I am your ever-grateful, and endlessly awestruck at everything you do, boyfriend."

Dawn leaned in to kiss him again and let it linger for while. She continued to stroke him slowly with both hands as her lips danced across his. George ran his fingers through her hair and caressed her cheek were he felt a little dampness. It wasn't a lot but it made him feel really good to be able to make her that happy with so small a gesture. Then he thought that maybe it wasn't so small a thing. After all, it had meant so much to him just to hear her say three little words. 

As they kissed he thought about what it must be like for her to have to be prepared to be treated like a slave. However, try as he might, he just couldn't think of her that way. If anything, he felt enslaved to her. It was a feeling he relished. He decided then that he wanted her as Dawn, not just his Genie; and that would mean she would have to find an identity outside of her need to gain his approval. He wanted her to love him because he deserved it, not because some Major Genie two-thousand years ago decided she would on some cosmic whim. It was a tall order, he had no idea how to go about it, but it was something that he felt very strongly about.

In any case, he wanted very much for her to know how much she mattered to him. He just couldn't think of the right words. He knew what he thought he should say, that he loved her too, but he still wasn't ready to say it. With nothing else on the tip of his tongue, except hers, he filed the thought away and let himself enjoy her attentions.

True to her word, she was able to watch the movie and give him a stellar handjob at the same time. She had produced a bottle of some gel-like substance out of thin air and used it to keep him slick and cool. It was very slow and easy, unlike their previous encounters that day which had been explosions of passion, sweat, and screams. As she watched and stroked, she continued her youthfully exuberant exclamations at the movie. Whenever a character would perform a spell with a wand, she would use her "wand" to do the same thing. "Wingardium Leviosa!" shouted the on-screen Ron. "Wingardium Leviosa!" exclaimed Dawn, and the bottle of slick gel floated over to her so she could apply more to George's turgid shaft. The two broke down into hysterics. 

After a little more than half-way through the film George was on the verge of a large climax. Dawn paused the movie so that she could devote her complete attention to him. She knelt on the floor between his legs and continued her slow methodical movements. She looked directly into his eyes and he could see her own passion building up as well. It took him a moment to remember his wish that she feel any pleasure she gave him and realized that she was about to cum too. Still she stroked slowly, though she gripped his cock a little more tightly.

"Oh George," she said in a husky voice, "you make the best wishes." Her lips trembled as she breathed ragged breaths. Her nipples poked through her shirt. She had a hard, glazed look about her. "Cum for me George," she said in almost a whisper, "Cum all over your girlfriend's face. Cover me with your cum." 

He felt the steady rush of his orgasm pour through him. He grunted as long white ropes of his cum drenched her nose, chin, and lips. More coated her forehead and cheeks and dripped down in large gobs to the floor. She moaned loudly as her own climax overtook her. "Oh yes! Give it to me George! So much...so much cum!" she yelled as she jacked him off.

George looked down at her lightly glazed face in awe, both of Dawn and her enthusiasm, and the size of his ejaculation. He couldn't remember ever cuming that much before. He watched her in silence as she caught her breath. Her breasts heaved in her light blue top. Once she regained control of herself she reached down underneath the waistband of her pajamas and dipped her fingers into her sopping pussy. She brought them up slowly to her face where she mixed them with his cum and sucked the mixture off her finger. "Th...thank you George," she said with a shudder.

"Um...you're welcome babe. Are you ok?"

Dawn continued to suck globs of his cum from her fingers, "Yes, but I think I may have something of sperm fetish." She giggled as she made more of a mess trying to clean herself up than George did messing her up. Eventually, she gave up trying to get it all before it dripped on the floor and summoned the magical washcloth to finish the job properly.

As Dawn cleaned George first and then herself, George said, "That was intense! Was that you or me?"

"You mean that impressive load? A combination really. Part of it was the fact that I am quite good at giving handjobs, another was the fact that you were fully rejuvenated and had been stimulated for a long time. But you have been giving me loads like this all day, this is just the first one you have actually seen."

George thought back and realized she was right. He had always cum inside her up to that point. "But I've never done that on my own," he said.

"Yes, well, you had never been with a woman before. Your body knows when it is alone. With a partner, our systems go into overdrive. Human systems do anyway. My systems are always turned up," she said with a saucy grin.

"Well, whatever the reason, that was amazing."

"Thank you very much Hotstuff!" She jumped up onto his lap and leaned in to kiss him again. 

But then he remembered that she had just been slurping down his cum like she was at a wine tasting and stopped her. "Whoa, whoa. First, I wish for both of us to be completely clean and refreshed so that we can enjoy the rest of this movie together. Like normal couples do, not sex crazed magical Genies and Masters."

Tingle. Flash. "Thank you! And phooey," she pouted.

"Hey, I said like normal couples. I think normal couples like to fool around a little during movies. Don't they?."

She nearly tackled him and kissed him with infectious enthusiasm. "This couple does!" she said when they finally broke from the kiss.

Eventually, they put the movie back on and actually managed to watch it the whole way through without any more wishes. Though that didn't prevent them from indulging in a few gropes, fondles, kisses, and embraces. George spent a good portion of the film sneaking grabs at her perfect breasts and butt while Dawn made half-hearted attempts at stopping him.

As the credits rolled all semblance of normalcy evaporated, and the pair dissolved into a sea of passionate tongue twisting. But after a while their kissing became slower and more tender. Dawn surprised him by finding a sensitive spot on his neck where she licked and sucked for bit. The sensations made George squirm and laugh. It wasn't until the DVD switched back to the title screen and replayed its theme song a few times that they stopped. George held her tightly as she lay on top of him and stroked the silky golden-brown hair that he loved so much. She scrunched her arms up between them and laid her head down on George's broad chest as she purred softly.

Finally, George asked, "So how did you like the movie?"

"It was great! It was a little preposterous, but so exciting! That's a fantasy story?" she asked as she turned to meet his eyes.

"Yep, there are bunch more in that series too. We can watch the rest sometime if you like."

She flashed him a heart stopping smile, "I would like that very much, as long as we can watch them together." She gave him another sweet peck on the lips. "I think fantasy might be my favorite type of story."

George suddenly had an idea that was too good to let go. "Dawn, come up to my room. I want to show you something."

She shivered slightly, "Ooh, goody."

-----------------------

The two made their way across the house and to the stairs. Normally such an activity would have been quite forgettable. But with Dawn involved, the simple act of moving from one place to another took a great deal of effort. She led him by the hands while she would periodically sneak flirtatious touches to his muscles and his cock. Even when she wasn't playfully nipping at him, George found it difficult to keep his hands off of her. When they reached the stairs Dawn went first, giving George an unparalleled view of her delicious curves, barely hidden behind her light blue pajamas. Without thinking, George reached up, gripped her butt roughly, and kissed the small of her back. She feigned a gasp and turned around. She sat on a step a few higher then George, spread her legs, and pulled him on top of her, moaning lustfully as they started making out again.

While George was indeed ready for another round of passionate love-making, he had a gift for her that he was certain she would like that wasn't something he could wish for, and he was very excited to give it too her. At least as far as he could figure, he could only wish for something if it involved sex. What he had in mind was more cerebral. But despite his heroic attempts at disengaging from her delectable mouth, Dawn kept him entwined. With no other recourse, George wrapped one arm around her bare waist and swung her over his shoulder. She yelped and giggled and kicked her legs up and down as George carried her the rest of the way up the stairs.

As they entered his room, George slid Dawn off his shoulder until she was cradled in his arms. He then laid her down on his bed gently. She struggled to plant kisses on his face and neck all the while.

He laughed, "C'mon babe, I have a present for you."

"Really?" she squealed.

"Yes. But sit right there. I need to do some digging first." Dawn gave him a look that seemed to say "huh," but she obediently complied. She reclined on his bed, making sure to twist and bend in a way that would give him the best view of her body.

George stepped over a few piles of dirty clothes and almost tripped over the Persian tar which had been Dawn's home for more than two-thousand years. He picked it up and leaned it against the wall next to his guitar. The ivory carving at the top was still cracked wide up the center. George noticed that Dawn was watching him nervously as he handled the tar and then relaxed when she realized he was merely putting it away.

"Don't worry," he said, "I'm not going to put you back in your vessel."

Reassured, Dawn smiled and nodded. George moved to his closet and began tossing smelly clothes, shoes, and a few old action figures out of the way. As he worked he asked, "How did you fit in that thing anyway? Even being a gas it still would've been a tight fit."

She giggled a cute giggle, "I was not a gas George. I was raw potential. I was everything and nothing at the same time. You make it sound like I could fill a balloon."

"You are, at the very least, a force of nature. But seriously, were you hiding in a black hole or something?" he asked as he moved a large stack of comic books.

Dawn watched him very closely, periodically raising her eyebrows at the different items he produced from his seemingly bottomless closet. "Actually, I do not think I have been entirely clear about how a Genie's vessel works. You see, the tar was not the actual vessel itself. It is merely the doorway to the vessel. The actual vessel is a small demi-plane, a tiny universe completely serperate from your own, which is only accessible through the doorway's magic. Think of it like this: my vessel is a room with a locked door. This door can take on many forms, in this case, a tar. The key to this door can also take on many forms, in this case, a specific song."

"I get it...I think. And if someone where to open the door to the vessel without the key..."

"That would be very difficult to do. First, the doorway is virtually indestructible and tamper proof to all but the most powerful beings, and I cannot even speculate as to who those beings would be. Secondly, even if they opened the door to the vessel, the magic of the vessel requires the key for the Genie's essence to be released. So they would go to a tremendous amount of trouble for nothing. They would find the vessel empty. The only exceptions that I know of are the Genie Kings and Major Genies."

George took in all that she said in quiet contemplation. The more he found out about Genies, the more he felt like he had won some kind of cosmic lottery. "So what is it like inside this little universe? Are there tons of pillows laying around a giant hookah, like in the TV shows?"

"Like I said before, it is difficult to explain logically. All I can really say with certainty is that I do not want to go back."

"Why is that?"

"Well, before, I was pure potential. I did not have a personality or emotions or even a body. There was everything, but nothing at the same time. Now that I am fully formed and self-aware, I am afraid that I would be very lonely inside all by myself. I would not be aware of anything going on outside the vessel and I would be afraid that the vessel may never be opened again. And...it is the only place where I could not feel you."

George paused his rummaging and sat back on his knees. He felt a sudden twinge in his heart at her mention of being lonely. Loneliness was a feeling he knew well. Dawn kept talking.

"Of course, I would go back inside if you wished it. And if someone else somehow managed to open the vessel with me inside, I would still belong to you. It is just that..."

"Dawn."

"Yes George."

"I won't ever make that wish," he said very sternly, "you're never going back into your vessel." He looked over his shoulder at her, "Understand?"

"Y...yes Master. I did not mean to imply that you would. I mean...it would be acceptable if you felt it necessary. I am sorry," she lowered her head in shame.

George was slightly alarmed at the honorific. He had never been prone to outbursts of any extreme emotion. The memories of his old life, the life before Dawn, had created a fatherly need in him to protect her. But he realized it had come out sounding like a dog owner yanking something out of a young pup's mouth. He felt suddenly terrible for his lack of tact. 

He sighed heavily and said, "I didn't mean it like that Dawn. That was rude and uncalled for. I got carried away. What I meant to say was that I wouldn't do that to you, not after what I've been through, and certainly not after...forgive me?"

Their eyes locked. Understanding and grace filled her countenance. "There is no need George. You were remembering what it was like to be lonely, and you took a stand against it, not me. I am proud of you actually."

"Yeah, well, I still feel bad. Don't really know where that came from."
