 As the plane made its final approach to the short runway I peered out the window to the minuscule island below. Wayne and I hadn't been on a vacation in years. We were both looking forward to getting away and this was the destination we chose. There were no pools, hotels, casinos, cars...nothing. It was perfect for us.

"I'm so glad to have my feet planted back on the ground. I hate those little shit planes." I said to Wayne

"I know babe, me too." He replied.

"I will unload your crate and be back for you folks in three days. Still don't know why you people chose to come here." Grunted the pilot. "Magical my ass! Freaky is more like it!"

"Yeah, so we heard." Wayne answered. "That's why we are here. Just don't forget about us."

We each grabbed one end of the crate that embodied all we would need for a three day stay, which wasn't much. We carried it onto the beach.

"Let's change and head up that ridge before making camp and eating babe." Wayne suggested.

I put on my daisy-duke shorts, white tank top and hiking boots while Wayne opted for army shorts and runners. He looked so handsome with the sun beaming down on his well tanned chiseled body. I would take advantage of him every chance I got over the next few days.

Wayne was one of the top lawyers at his firm and hadn't had any time off in the four years he had been there. I needed a break from the hospital. I worked in the terminal ward and seeing so much death takes its toll on one's mind. Hence this much needed getaway for us both.

I walked ahead of Wayne, pushing my way through the thick undergrowth. The air was thick and damp which made it difficult to breathe after over an hour of hiking. I stopped momentarily to catch my breath and felt Wayne's hands around my waist.

"God you have a lovely ass." He said quietly in my right ear.

"Thanks babe now hands off." I replied without turning around. "I think I hear water running and I could sure use a cooling off before heading back"

Suddenly we came to an opening and there in front of us was the most amazing, breathtaking image I had ever seen. A waterfall! The sun dancing over the water created several individual rainbows and the cool spray could be felt from where we stood.

"Get naked babe we're going in!" I said enthusiastically.

I stripped down leaving only my boots on for traction and Wayne did the same. We started up the rocky slope and stopped. We could see from this vantage point that there was a space behind the waterfalls. Perhaps a cave? We pushed on being careful of our footing until we found ourselves on the ledge that led under the falls.

I grabbed Wayne's hand. We slowly and gingerly made our way out. The spray of the water intensified as we grew nearer and the coolness caressing my body caused tiny goose bumps to form. We embraced one another once under the falls and allowed the water to beat on our bodies, trail into each indent and crevice to cool us from the outside in.

It felt so good being pressed into his hard body. My nipples were erect partially due to the cold water but more so due to my arousal. This was heaven! We lingered in a passionate kiss and I felt his manhood begin to come alive against my left thigh. He had awakened a deep stirring in me and I wanted - needed - to make love to him that very moment.

"Let's go behind the falls so I can make love to you until you beg me to stop." He yelled above the loudness of the roaring falls.

I took his hand and we slowly turned to walked into the opening out of the falls.

"Hey we aren't the only ones who have been here. Check it out. We have a bed!" he said with excitement.

Someone had taken the liberty of laying tropical leaves in a patch work pattern on the floor of the cave which looked comfortable enough. We jointly knelt on the greenery and it was amazingly comfortable. He kissed me deeply, his tongue darting around mine making my pussy ache and become moist.

He gently laid me back and began nuzzling and nibbling on my neck.

"What the fuck is that?" he said as he sat up beside me

There on a perfectly square stone was an amulet of sorts. When he peered into the greenish colored stone he saw a primitive drawing of a man and woman and when he turned it slightly sideways one way or the other the man had breasts and the woman a penis.

"What is it hon?" I asked.

"Not sure but the image on it is weird." He said nonchalantly. "I guess someone must have left it behind." He placed it back on the rock and lay back beside me.

I took his handsome face in my hands and whispered, "I love you."

He ran his hand through my long, unruly hair and kissed me gently on the lips. His other hand found its way to my breasts where he teased one then the other with his finger and thumb. Pinching and rolling my nipples like dice. I moaned quietly wanting more...much more.

He took my nipple into his hot mouth and sucked it gently while his other hand found its mark on my pussy. I arched my back with pleasure urging him not to stop. My other nipple was in his mouth and his fingers were now manipulating my already swollen clit.

"Oh baby, make me cum." I whispered

His tongue trailed along the curves of my body sending tiny shock waves through my body stopping at my mound. He gently lifted my legs in the air and began to lick and lap at my clit.

"Oh that feels so good!" I moaned with delight.

He stuck his finger deep inside me, thrusting it in and out while sucking my clit.

"Oh fuck yes! Harder!" I screamed

My orgasm came quickly and furiously. I could feel my cum release all over his finger. I pulled his finger out and brought it to my mouth, licking the creamy silk fluid from him. He then stood and offered me his hard cock. I eagerly took it to my lips. I teased the head with my tongue then went down one side, then the other before taking it deep into my throat.

"Oh fuck baby! You do that so good!" he managed to whisper.

He grabbed my hair and was fucking my face as I gently massaged his tight swollen balls with one hand and fingered his ass with the other.

"I want to shove this deep inside you and savor your orgasms." He said.

He lay down on the palm leaves and said, "Mount me. Ride me hard baby!"

I stood up above him, spread my legs and lowered myself onto his swollen shaft. I took it all the way in and brought it up just leaving the head of his penis inside my cunt. I did this several times knowing it drove him wild.

"Fuck I wish you could know how this feels babe. How it feels when I blow my load deep inside you." He said

"I wish you could experience my orgasms to babe. They are so fucking intense." I replied.

Just then the cave took on an eerie greenish hue and an intense white light shot from the amulet. The next thing I knew I was inside Wayne's body looking down on myself. "What the fuck?" I said with astonishment.

"Oh my God!" He said with panic in his voice. "I'm in your body but I have my thoughts, memories and everything else. This is fucked up! I think we should get out of this fucking place!"

I reached up and grabbed him by the hair; my hair! Wow this was so weird!

"We've always wanted to know what the other was feeling," I said. " To experience what the other person did during sex. Let's not pass this opportunity up!"

After digesting what I said, he eagerly agreed and we quickly changed places so that I was on top in his body.

I pulled his legs up around my neck and thrust my cock...his cock....deep inside his twat. I could feel his pussy muscles contract around my shaft and let go with each plunge and see his nipples growing hard and erect.

"My God I can feel your cock deep inside! Stop for a second! Fuck I can feel it throbbing! I feel tingling almost like tiny electrical shocks and pressure I think." Wayne said with amazement

"You're about to cum babe. You will be able to experience my orgasm!"

With that I began to thrust and pound harder and faster into his pussy. He groaned, arched his back and grabbed my hair. "I think I'm going to cum!" He yelled.

His face contorted, his mouth opened wide and he screamed and winced as his first orgasm came.

"Honey it was amazing!" He panted. "It was like pressure building up, a little electrical currant and then millions of little pin pricks deep inside me and then, and then....I can't explain it! It was like a need to pee and an explosion all at once! It was just fucking amazing!"

All I could do was laugh at his reaction to a woman's orgasm.

I gently moved my cock in and out and within seconds he had cum again. "Wow I can feel the pussy juices flowing down over your cock...my cock!" He said while still breathing heavily.

"I need to know how it feels when I eat you out!" He said, almost begging.

I got up and sat on the edge of the makeshift bed still glancing down with amazement at my new cock. I had him stand in front of me and put one leg up so I could see his ( my) wet pussy. I licked his clit and he instantly shuddered with excitement.

"Oh my fucking God!" He yelled.

He quickly laid down on the greens and spread his legs wide offering me his juicy cunt. I eagerly lapped at the juices that poured freely from his pussy then darted my tongue deep inside savoring the sweet nectar.

"Oh babe I am going to cum again!" He yelled "Fuck me with your fingers babe! Hurry!"

I stuck two fingers deep inside him while lapping at his clit. He grabbed my hair with both hands and began grinding his pelvis forcefully against my face. I could feel the pussy muscles contracting against my fingers and then the warm liquid flow. I pulled out my fingers and licked the sweet juice from each of them. He was still breathing heavily and moaning with ecstasy when I glanced up.

"Unfucking real!" He said with excitement. "I can't believe how amazing it feels to be eaten!"

He stood and I got the chance to see through his eyes what he saw when he looked at me. Just peering at him made my cock jerk uncontrollably.

"I want you to suck my cock so I can experience what it feels like for you." I said as I rose from the bed.

He sat down on the edge of the bed as I stood before him. He licked the tip of my (his) cock and the warmth of his breath and satin touch of his tongue caused my cock to throb up and down. He then licked my cock down both sides and took each ball into his mouth, taunting them with his tongue before taking my cock deep into his throat.

"Oh my God!" I yelled as he formed a tight seal around my manhood and began pulling my shaft in and out of his mouth.

His tongue teased my shaft with each in and outward motion and the slight rub against his teeth made me shudder. I grabbed his hair in my hands and began thrusting forward and back shoving my cock deeper each time.

"I can feel my balls getting tight and a pressure building inside. I think I have to pee!" I exclaimed.

"That's because you are about to blow your load." He said with a grin.

"No I don't want to cum yet. I want to feel this cock inside you! Let me fuck you with your cock!" I begged.

I laid him flat on his back and shoved his legs up over his head. I grabbed my cock and began to enter his wet pussy. I teased his clit with the head of my cock then drove my cock deep inside. My sheath welcomed the wet velvet inside. My balls began to swell and the blood pulsing to my cock only made it larger. I could feel his moistness around my cock. With each thrust I felt our public bones grind together. I drove it harder making his pussy muscles tighten around my shaft and could feel myself hit bottom which made the head of my cock tingle.

I looked down and watched in amazement as my cock thrust in and out of my body. The image was electrifying! I wanted to go deeper, to bury my balls inside him as well. I didn't want this to end. He was licking and sucking my nipples and biting me gently about the chest while his hands trailed over my body and onto my ass cheeks.

The heat and sweat between the two of us only aroused me more. I kissed him deeply while peering into my own eyes and thrust my cock deep inside several more times. He ground his hips back to me with each inward motion I made and his (my) nails trailing down my back made me oblivious to everything around me except him.

"Oh fuck I think I'm going to cum!" I yelled as I peered into my own eyes.

The pressure had built right to the tip of my cock and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest, a pulse beating in my temples and my face flushing as I blew my load into him. The orgasm seemed to come from my spine and was so intense that my asshole actually ached. My arms and legs were shaking violently, and the guttural, moans and groans that came from deep within me were uncontrollable.

"My God babe! That was fucking amazing." I managed through the heavy breathing.

I lingered there savoring the experience. I felt my hot cum run down my balls and into the crack of his ass. As my breathing returned to normal so to did the cave. The greenish hue had disappeared and I was once again back in my own body.

We made the trip back up to the cave three more times before the plane returned and each time we wished for the same thing and each time was more unpredictable and thrilling than the previous. Our last trip up to the falls we made sure the amulet was back in its original spot so that others who ventured to this island could experience its magical gift as well.

"Well anything creepy or unusual happen while you two were here?" The pilot asked as he opened the cargo door.

"Well you wouldn't believe us even if we told you." Wayne answered while shooting me a quick wink. "But you should bring your wife here sometime though. It would be an experience you would never soon forget."

"Well I may just have to consider that son. I have to admit I'm just a bit curious about this damn place" He said with a grin.