 "Allen."

"Mmm?" he mumbled, swatting at the air. "Who is it?"

"Val. It's getting into the afternoon. I suggest you wake up."

"Huh?" Allen opened his eyes, attention landing on the form of Val standing over him, nudging him awake. He squinted, adjusting to the light in the room. "Hey. What time is it?"

He raised his upper body, getting a good look at the clock in order to answer his own question. Noon. That was one hell of a rest. And before it... Flopping back into the bed, Allen smiled at the memory. That was not a night he'd soon forget, if ever. Val played his body like a flute until it had no music left to give.

Suddenly being woken up by the beauty looking over him didn't seem so bad. Throwing the covers off, he swung his feet off the bed, finding himself completely naked. Of course, so soon after waking he couldn't give too much effort to caring other than a blush in front of Val. She smirked at seeing his cheeks redden.

"You do know I've seen it all before. Much more than seen, in fact."

"Gah, you'll ruin my morning, lady!" Allen stumbled to the closet, throwing on some underwear and pants. It was starting off so well, too.

"Ruin? How so?" Her tone played with him like a cat would a ball of string.

"Sass has no place in the morning, and that seems like when you're most full of it."

"Oh, you love it. And besides, it's not technically morning any more."

"On a Saturday? Yes, noon is still in the morning." Allen walked over to the window, peeking outside. The sun broke through the shades like an unwelcome guest, making Allen squint and look away. "Fine, then, sun. Screw you, too." He'd get a look outside later.

Walking into the kitchen, Allen grabbed his thermos, hoping his Friday self had left him some coffee. Unfortunately, he'd really needed it yesterday, so there was hardly more than a swallow left. Shrugging, he downed the rest. Could be worse.

"So tell me, what is it you do on the weekends?" asked Val, leaning on the doorway to the kitchen.

"Depends. Most of my recent weekends involved a lot of reading and cross-referencing and other nerd-like things. I spent a lot of time looking for that jewel—the Binding Stone, was it?—and when I got close to finding it, I became a little obsessed." He looked away from Val, rinsing off the thermos, fighting to keep from saying anything more. He still wasn't sure if he forgave her for taking it. He understood why, but that didn't extinguish the part of him that wanted his due compensation.

"Anything else? Surely you have hobbies?" She stepped behind him, laying four hands on his shoulders with a light rub.

"Didn't you read this stuff from my head?"

"No. As I said earlier, I only tried to take what information I absolutely needed. I strayed away from more personal memories."

Allen wished he could believe that, but Val was smart enough to know how to play it right, how to fake knowing less than she did. He slammed the thermos down with a bit more force than he intended. Val had been nothing but kind so far. Why was he still doubting her?

He needed some fresh air.

"Let's go for a walk."

"A walk?"

"Yes. A walk. You know what a walk is, don't you?"

Val slapped him in the shoulder, crossing several of her arms. "Of course I do. And I thought sass wasn't allowed in the morning."

Allen grinned. "Only when it's not coming from me. Now get some proper clothes on and hide those extra arms. We're going to a park."

"That sounds wonderful. I've been cooped up here too long, and all those years as a statue did little for my joints."

They seemed to work fine last night.

Walking back to the closet, Allen put on a t-shirt and glanced at himself in the mirror. His short brown hair was starting to get away from him, partially because he was overdo for a cut, but also because he was too lazy to keep it nice. 'Presentable' had a vague definition.

"Is this acceptable?" asked Val.

Allen turned and at the sight of Val, tried to give a low whistle. He failed, but that didn't make the sight any less impressive. Val had adorned a red dress, one that sparkled in the subtle shifts in light. It hugged her curves wonderfully, almost as if it had been made exactly to her specifications. It ended just low enough to cover everything and a bit of her upper legs, but high enough to get any man's gears churning. Her shoulders and a small portion of her arms were covered, revealing part of her biceps that usually lay hidden beneath her golden brown skin. Not skimping on cleavage, her dress showed off her assets as much as possible while still staying legal for public wear. It was a dress true to Val's personality and her station.

"Hot damn, Val. If I was a cop, I'd arrest you for looking too good."

She rolled her eyes. "I know just enough to realize how corny that was." A grin broke through her irked expression. "But thank you." She offered an arm. "Will you be my partner in crime?"

"Goddamn. Yes, I would. As much as it pains me to say it, though, that might not be the best for walking in. Dresses like that are for formal stuff, like a nice dinner or ball."

"So I should change out of this?"

Allen bit his lower lip. He'd love nothing more than to parade Val around like that, but her height would already grab enough attention. Wearing that dress in the park would be like announcing their presence with a megaphone. He didn't want to take any more risks with Lust on the loose.

"Yeah. A skirt or pants and a shirt would do the trick."

As the dazzling dress faded away, another outfit slowly taking form, Allen sighed. Maybe later...

"When you change like that, where do the clothes come from? And shouldn't the sleeves be wider so they could fit your other arms?"

"Oh, no," said Val, watching her body to ensure the clothes formed correctly. "The clothes are an illusion. The only thing I've ever worn are the small silk garments over my breasts and waist. My arms are still hugging my stomach and chest, as to avoid accidentally bumping into things, but they come through this 'dress' just fine without larger sleeves."

"That's a neat trick."

Val now stood in a much more practical outfit: a basic pair of pants that hugged her legs and a button-up shirt with rolled-up sleeves. Not as nice as the dress, but it would have to do. Allen scrunched his lips, analyzing the outfit a moment before stepping up to Val. One little adjustment. He unbuttoned a few buttons from her shirt, revealing just enough of her cleavage to make him smile. "That's better."

Val snuck out a hand, grabbing the back of Allen's head and thrusting it into her tits. He struggled only a second, holding his breath and enjoying the motorboat while it lasted. Once free, Val smirked and said, "Better get that out of your system first."

Allen wasn't complaining.

The trip to the park went quick. Allen's apartment thankfully wasn't far from one, though being a Saturday they were far from the only people there. Val still commented on her nervousness of riding in a car, but Allen was able to calm her down easier this time. He hadn't made a real habit of going to parks as he usually found more stress than enjoyment at them. Maybe a couple would be walking on a trail and not paying attention, then he'd have to swerve to avoid them and the encounter would ring sour. Or there'd be kids whose parents decided to ignore their ruckus. Sometimes Allen would go off to find a private spot, only to have it constantly intruded upon by loud groups or the horns of far-off cars.

Today, though, the refreshing outdoors was exactly what he needed. Val, too. As they got out of the car, Val stretched, looking over the cozy park. There were several trails over the area, most covered in gravel and the more commonly-used ones paved. Some went off to the woods, others meandered through open fields and around the park lake. Allen spotted some pets and families out enjoying the weather. He almost felt envy before remembering what trouble a pet or a kid would be. He walked around the car to stand next to Val as she observed.

"I'd prefer a walk in the woods. You can ask me about whatever while we walk," he said.

"Excellent. I have quite a few built up." She clasped her two visible hands together, smiling at Allen.

He grinned back. I did put myself up to this. Waving for her to follow, he headed off toward one of the paths leading into the forest.

Val wasn't lying when she said she had questions. For the next hour she grilled him about almost everything. Quirks of society, history (what Allen could remember, at least), advances in science, recent events, famous people, sports, even Allen's favorite TV shows. Every now and then she would tend toward more personal questions, trying to delve into Allen's past, but he deflected them. As much as he had come to learn about Val in the past couple days, he still wasn't comfortable in divulging such things. Didn't see the use in it, either. Val seemed content with his choice, never nagging him about specifics.

For a short while, Allen turned off his mind and enjoyed himself. The questions still rained down on him, but most were benign or easy to explain. He listened to nature; the birds chirping, an occasional rustling of branches in the wind, the thud of footsteps on the ground. Val's voice made a soothing backdrop to it all, a light, whimsical yet collected tone that massaged his ears.

"Sports?"

"Huh?" said Allen, looking away from the trees to her.

"Favorite sports. I liked the sound of football."

Allen chuckled. "Well, I can't say that's the most, uh, feminine sport, but with a little work you could certainly have the build to play it. As for me, I like baseball."

"Why is that?"

"Well, in most team sports it's kind of hard to focus on the individual, and single-man or woman sports, like tennis, aren't as popular. But with baseball, just about everyone gets a chance to bat. So you've got your moment where everyone's looking at you. Your moment to prove to them how good you are. I like seeing how people deal with that, how they use it to their advantage."

"Do you ever put yourself there?"

"Eh," said Allen, scratching the back of his head, "I used to, until I realized how bad I really was. I can't bat for shit."

"So you gave up?"

"Val, there's times you should pursue something, and times you shouldn't. Just because I wanted to be good doesn't mean it'd be worth the time and effort to get there. It was a nice little thing to think about, but that's come and gone."

She moved in next to Allen, the space between their bodies evaporating. Her long, slick arm brushed against his, tickling his skin and arm hair. "Maybe. But it's never too late."

"Is it? I dunno if we get to make those kinds of choices." The smile he'd been wearing all afternoon dampened. In college he'd had other plans for life. Fought as much as he could to keep them. But things don't really work out that way. "We should probably head back."

"Okay. I enjoyed myself, we should try to come out here again."

'We'? Don't you have a job to be doing? Allen kept it to himself, though. He'd hate to ruin that smile on her face.

Allen's legs were starting to ache by the time they got back to his car. Val's step had just as much spring in it as when they started off, though. He guessed physical activities had little effect on her. There was still much he didn't know about her body, it seemed.

They got in the car, and just as Allen was going to turn the keys, Val grabbed his wrist to stop him. He looked over, waiting for an explanation.

"I feel... bad about taking the jewel from you."

Allen blinked a few times, saying nothing. Okaaayyy. Kind of an sudden thing to say, but alright.

"There is something I have in mind. A small way to pay you back."

Allen watched as her extra arms became visible. Nervously, he looked around outside the car to see if anyone was watching, but they were in the clear. "Geez, Val, right here?"

"Hush." Her arms all moved to action, removing the various ornaments and bracelets on her arms and wrists. Allen's eyes widened when she collected it all in a bundle and presented it to him, her other arms vanishing as if they were never there. He tentatively reached out, picking up one of the bracelets. It looked like real gold, though he wasn't exactly an expert. There were several small gems inlaid as well. The piece was beautiful, certainly worth something on craftsmanship alone. Setting it back in her hands, he gripped the steering wheel and swallowed.

"That... looks like a lot. Are you sure?"

"It is a pittance to what you were looking forward to, and I have no need for such things. They will do much more for you."

"Geez," he said again, knuckles going white with their grip. "That's... those must be really freaking old. You realize I'd just go and sell them, right?"

"I am aware. If that is how they would serve you best, then that is fine."

Allen's gaze darted back and forth between her face and the jewelry. She looked and sounded sincere, almost pleading for him to accept it. Letting out a long breath, Allen raised a single finger. "Alright, I'll take it, but only if this isn't done out of pity or some kind of reconciliation for bringing me into this thing with your sister. Because I don't want any gift like that."

"No," she said, shaking her head. "It is compensation for the jewel I took. Not equivalent, but it is what I have."

"Okay. Set it all down in that compartment there between the seats and I'll take it to an appraiser. I've already got one in mind." He paused. "We can go there right now, actually, if you don't mind."

"I do not."

Try as he might, Allen couldn't keep from grinning. He hated boasting about such a prize, especially in front of the person who gave it to him, but this was a big deal! There could be fifty-thousand dollars worth in that! Maybe more!

"Then here we go!"

Allen jammed the car into gear and took off with a lurch. It did little to sooth Val's anxiety over cars, but Allen was riding high.

On the way to the appraisers, once getting over the realization of how much Val had given him, he started to think about the jewelry's personal significance. Val hadn't shown any real attachment to it, but that didn't mean she wouldn't miss it when it was all gone. Licking his lips, Allen glanced over to Val. She didn't look heartbroken. If anything, she was spirited. Maybe the act of taking the Stone of Binding weighed heavier on her than Allen had first thought and this gesture of compensation helped take some of that weight away.

Or maybe she was thinking about how she may be stone for the rest of eternity once she got Lust back in her prison.

The appraiser's place wasn't too far, a small, hard-to-notice shop stuffed between a dozen others like it. Diamond Eye, it was called. The owner said it was a clever pun, but Allen had never gotten it.

The two had actually come to know each other as familiar acquaintances. Over a year ago, when Allen was knee-deep in the search for the jewel, he'd decided to finally go out and figure what his haul would be if he ever actually found the thing. Books had only offered wild speculation about its worth or avoided the subject altogether. Allen wanted a concrete number, something to set his hopes on. A part of him also wanted to make sure the whole search was worth it in the first place.

After he'd gotten his appraisal, though, the appraiser shared a little information. Advice on going after old relics. He'd seen people try before, and none had even shown up in his shop with anything. He was a down-to-earth fellow, realistic, where Allen himself couldn't get the dollar signs out of his eyes. The two's personalities may have grated a bit, but Allen knew the importance of someone with realistic expectations, someone to even him out. So he would come by every now and then with new information in the guise of getting a new estimate. In truth, he wanted to share with someone else his enthusiasm about the hunt for the jewel, and the appraiser was the only guy he knew.

When the bell at the front door jingled to announce Allen's presence, the greeting he received was not unexpected.

"Allen! Come here to give me good news?"

Allen raised his hands in a shrug. "Good news and bad news, Taz."

Taz was a short man, though he often presented himself as even shorter than his true height, being hunched over most of the time. He wore the complex-looking magnifying glasses one would use to inspect any piece of jewelry closely. They fit his figure well. Sweat dripped from his brow, but Taz quickly grabbed a kerchief from his pocket to wipe it away. He had on a light Hawaiian shirt with several of the buttons undone. While inspecting jewelry may not have been the most physically demanding profession, it still had moments of intensity and concentration. Sometimes he'd be the bearer of good news, sometimes bad news. The latter more often than the former.

"I'd rather hear the bad first."

Allen walked up to the counter, Val not far behind him. "Well, I found the place I was looking for, but not the object. It's probably lost forever."

"Ooohh, that's a real bummer." His eyes flickered over to Val more than once, Allen noticed. Yeah, I know what you're thinkin', dude, and I agree completely. She's something else.

"But you said there was good news. How could there be good news?" he continued.

"Here." Allen laid out all the jewelry Val had given him on the counter. "I found this instead."

"O-oh, g-goodness," he stammered, looking between Allen, Val and the jewelry. "This is... o-oh this is wonderful! M-may I?"

"Sure. That's why I brought it here."

Taz was upon the jewelry like a mouse on cheese. He flipped down a magnifying glass and took a good, long look at the first piece, a bracelet. "So, i-if I may be so bold, who is your companion?"

Oh, yea. The six-foot-five goddess of a woman. I should probably introduce her. Val's light slap on his side concurred.

"Sorry, I should've said something. Taz, this is Nel-Valley—"

"Nel-Vallae," she corrected.

"Yeah, yeah. Nel-Valley, but she goes by Val. Val, this is Taz, a buddy of mine who's been helping me here and there find the jewel. Er, look for it, at least."

"Pleasure," she said, extending one of her powerful, slender arms. Taz almost looked intimidated by it.

"S-sure." He quickly wiped the sweat from his hand on the kerchief and took Val's hand in greeting. By the shake, Allen could tell Val had the more confident grip. "Nice to meet you."

"Val helped me out with some other parts of finding the location and the excavation itself. All and all, I could've found it by myself, but I liked having someone do the grunt work."

An invisible pinch on his rear made Allen jump in surprise. He shot a glare at the grinning Val, then turned back to Taz.

"So, what can you tell me?"

"I, uh, wow. This is certainly an aged piece. There's more gold in it than modern pieces, so I would have expected flaking or melting, but this is extremely well-persevered. The gems are cut using some very old techniques as well. And the inscriptions... this is really something you have here, Allen. To tell the truth, I don't know enough about the inscriptions to give you a solid number range. I would have to do some research to know for sure, but if these are as old and as well-kept as I think, you could get maybe twenty to forty for the larger pieces, and ten to twenty for the smaller ones."

Allen took a moment to pick his jaw up off the floor. There were at least ten pieces in that pile. "T-twenty? As in, twenty thou? Each?"

"At the very least. I haven't included historical significance because I simply don't know that, but they could go for more. As a collection... well, it would be harder to sell all as one, but if you did, and had luck on your side, I dare say you could approach a million."
