 Edgar Williamson got the insistent text on his phone. It seemed very important if not immediately clear. He text was followed by a short phone call from Doctor Mather, "My house ten minutes!" was all it said.

Dropping everything Edgar rushed out of his office, across the street, and into the nearby condominium complex where Doctor John Mather lived and worked in his private laboratory. Mather was Edgar's most frustrating employee. An unqualified genius in the field of miniaturization, Mather was making noises about having more control over the patents for the many inventions he had created for Edgar's company.

Edgar had patiently and repeatedly explained to Mather that such decisions were not up to him but would require a re-write of the company charter. Also Mather had been perfectly happy with the patent agreements before. Yes they greatly favored Williamson Inc., Edgar's company, but Mather had come into his employ under a cloud from his university position. Edgar had taken a considerable risk in hiring John Mather. In exchange for Edgar looking the other way, Mather had been more than happy to cede nearly every penny from the creations of his inventive mind to Williamson Inc. So far the deal had paid amazing dividends to Edgar and his shareholders. It really wasn't his fault that Mather was left out in the cold. No one had placed a gun to the scientist's head and forced him to sign the contract.

Of late Mather had been very restless. He claimed that he had come across something that made all of his previous inventions seem as dross. John Mather said that he would not share the invention with Williamson Inc., unless he got a better deal. Heretofore, Edgar had told Mather to pound sand. That only enraged the scientist.

Presently Edgar Williamson was at the front door of John Mather's modest condominium. He rang the bell. The door swung open revealing the bald pate and goatee of a man of late middle years. His eyes burned with an arresting intensity.

"Ah my bastard 'boss'."

"Stow it Mather what's so damn important?"

"I succeeded on the Z68 project!"

"That is wonderful Mather but I hope that you did not call me over here just to tell me that."

"Oh you will want to hear me out 'boss'." said the scientist. He had pronounced the word "boss" in a way that was dripping with contempt.

"Come into my living room. There is something I want to show you." said Mather.

As Edgar followed the scientist of average height the short distance to Mather's living room he began repeating company policy. "Look your contract is binding and inalterable there is nothing ..."

The next words froze in Edgar's mouth. There on a table in the middle of the room. Her hands bound and her mouth gagged was Edgar's lovely wife Josephine, but was only the size of a Barbie doll!"

While Edgar's mind reeled Mather began to speak in triumph.

"You see 'boss' I have proved the viability of my theory. My choice of the first human subject was relatively easy. She is unharmed. I just had to restrain and gag her so that she would not spoil my surprise by yelling or otherwise calling attention to herself prematurely. Here's the deal 'boss'. I get ninety nine percent of the rights to the Z68 project or I DON'T restore your young and lovely wife to her natural height. She will be my guest until those terms are codified into a contract from your company. If I don't get that contract, I will ask for a mammoth severance package to sever my contract and take Z68 to the open market."

Edgar stared for a while. His brain needed to process what his eyes were taking in. The tiny woman on the table was obviously his wife. Her eyes grew wide in recognition of her husband. That the tiny brunette woman was his wife could not be doubted, even the tattoos matched. Edgar marveled that Josephine's beauty was as glorious as ever. Her lovely breasts, taut torso, and long limber legs made her the sexiest and most beautiful doll in history. A bit of yarn restrained her arms at her sides and a tiny ball in her teeth prevented her from making anything more than tiny mewing noises.

"If you have harmed her!" Edgar began.

"She is unharmed just tiny. And she STAYS that way until my demands are met" John Mather took some papers out of his pocket. "Here is the contract I want signed. I had a lawyer I trust, one from outside your corrupt corporation, draw it up for me. You are primary shareholder of your corporation twist some arms on the board. I expect that you can get my current contract amended and this new one enacted to replace it no more than two weeks. I'll take good care of your wife until the new contract goes into effect. Barring that, the other form I gave you is my separation and severance deal. I feel that I am entitled to eighty percent of the value of Williamson Inc. Coming up with that much liquidity will take far longer. Again I will take good care of your wife until my terms are met."

"You bastard! I could kill you!"

"Were you to do that, the secret to restoring your beautiful wife would die with me."

Edgar realized that he was beaten.

"Untie her! I want to talk to my wife."

John Mather gingerly picked up the tiny woman. With an exacto knife he carefully sliced away the yarn bonds. The tiny woman coughed and then began speaking. She sounded just like a cartoon character.

"Honey! I answered the door and the next thing I knew I was on this table stark naked with this man looming over me. He explained what happened to me. Oh my God! He made me tiny! He said that YOUR actions will decide whether or not I am restored to full size. Oh Edgar, Honey, do whatever he asks. This is a nightmare!"

"Mather you are an evil son of a bitch. Restore my wife!"

"Certainly, just as soon as my demands are met. In the meantime only I am qualified to take care of her. She needs miniaturized food and water, something only I and the Z68 can provide. Her body would not be able to process ordinary sized matter. For the duration of your legal tussles she is essentially my property. She is my ace in the hole as it were and there is no reason for me to give her up. That is also why you will not go to the police or the press or anyone else in the company. As chief stockholder I know that you can bring this off despite your protests to the contrary. Consider the status of your wife as a fire under your feet. The faster my terms are met, the faster she will be returned to you. Now that you have determined that I am serious in my threats and that your wife is unharmed, I must ask you to leave my home and get started on making my new contract a reality."

"Not without my wife!"

"On the contrary 'boss' she stays here. If you utter one more word of protest I will keep her small for as long as I want."

Realizing that John Mather had him by the balls, Edgar Williamson decided that he had no choice but to leave his wife in the hands of her abductor. The very man who had turned her into a living doll was also her only salvation. He looked at his tiny wife and tried to convey his concern to her with his eyes and gestures. Josephine nodded that she understood. Glumly Edgar left Mather's condo and headed back to his office. It was late in the day on Friday afternoon. After placing some calls Edgar realized that the earliest he could summon the board would not be until Wednesday at the earliest. The only bright side to that was that it gave him several days to create compelling reasons for the board to void Mather's old contract and replace it with the new one. Edgar read and re-read the proposed contract. Mather was planning on taking him to the cleaners. Despite being the main stockholder of the company his father had founded he had only one three votes on the board. The board was created to attract outside investors. Edgar's father had given him a wonderful legacy, now he needed to find a way to tear it apart in order to save his wife.

Glumly Edgar drove home. The front door was not locked. Inside just past the vestibule was a pile of Josephine's clothing. Edgar's blood grew cold as he realized that these were the clothes that she had been wearing earlier in the day. Edgar got on his knees and explored the pile of clothing. His heart fell to the basement when he noticed his wife's wedding and engagement rings next to her blouse. Inside the blouse Josephine's brassier remained, just as if she had been wearing it. Edgar tried to recall what Mather had told him about the Z68. It was worn like a backpack and had a cylindrical nozzle and laser sight jutting from one side. The attraction of the many military applications had led Edgar to sign off on the project. Edgar had no idea that Mather had pursued biological applications. Mather had sold it as a way for the army to move hundreds of tanks to the front lines with ease. Shrink them, place them on a plane and airdrop them near the targeted city. One man on the ground could then use the Z68 to restore the tanks to full size. The Z68 would revolutionize shipping as well because with it, in theory, now nothing was too large to ship. The real world applications to the technology had the potential to earn TRILLIONS! Although they knew even less about the Z68 than Edgar did, the board was well aware of the earning potential of Doctor Mather's device. The board would be in no mood to surrender that kind of revenue. Depressed, Edgar picked up Josephine's cast off rings and blouse held them to his face and for the first time since his father had passed away, he sobbed like a baby. 

Josephine had watched her husband leave with trepidation. She had heard every word her husband and her abductor had exchanged. What the man said had to be true for Edgar to willingly leave her behind. Apparently she WAS dependent upon the foul man who had somehow shrunken her to the size of a Barbie doll. She felt more lonely and venerable than she had ever felt before. With a startling insight, she realized that she was unique in the world. She began to cry while the bald man looked on.

"Stop crying bitch. You are in perfect health, just tiny. There is something you must hear as well. I expect compliance and obedience from you while you are my guest. If provoked, I CAN punish you. If you are too disobedient I MAY decide to keep you your current size for a year or more. Only I can provide you with food or water. If you did succeed in escaping the outside world would kill you.

There are cats and dogs and birds of prey to whom you would be just another prey animal. Further normal food cannot be digested by your body. The irony is that you could eat as much as you want but the food would never be absorbed. You would starve to death with a full belly!"

With that John Mather laughed uproariously. Then he got a menacing look upon his face.

"in the meantime Mrs. Williamson you will endure, in your own ways, the indignities I have suffered as a result of your husband. He and his associates have made millions off of my discoveries while I have received a pittance for my own work. When I joined your husband's company, that was not a problem. Naively I believed that in time he would do right by me and alter my contract to be more fair to me but he rebuffed every offer. Its like he jizzed and shat on me."

"Jizz... Yes that will do for starters."

Josephine tried to flee Mather's grasping hand but there was nowhere to run on the small table. Mather went to his desk and picked up a tape dispenser. He taped Josephine to the desk and then Josephine's mouth fell open in horror as he noted that her abductor was opening his pants! 

"You will experience my wrath Mrs. Williamson. Don't worry I will not permanently mar or harm you. Humiliation, however is something else."

Repulsed but not able to look away, Josephine noted that Mather's penis was becoming erect. In seconds his member was virtually the same as herself. Josephine could see all the veins and muscles of the looming member. Mather's eyes drank in all of Josephine's lovely curves and began to beat himself off. Josephine fought against the tape restraining her but it was futile. For long agonizing moments Mather stroked his penis. Then he grunted and came in waves all over the doll sized woman. Josephine closed her mouth and eyes but not quite fast enough. Her eves stung and the bitter taste of cum filled her mouth. The warm viscous liquid felt like hot wax on Josephine's body. Only the parts of her covered by tape were not coated. She coughed and gasped for breath while her abductor wore a beatific smile.

"That is how your husband treats me. I'll be back in a half hour to give you a bath and some food. I don't want to hear even the hint of a complaint.Tolerate the bath of my seed in silence or I'll do it to you again when the half hour ends" 

Josephine bit her lips to stifle her sobs. Her abductor disappeared from view but Josephine did not so much as permit a gasp of relief to escape her body. The viscous liquid began to dry into a crusty, paste like substance. At first, Josephine thought she would suffocate as the semen began to congeal and harden, but that fear passed as she realized that she would continue to get enough air. The hardening semen began to itch. Josephine was in torment as she could not scratch herself with her arms, legs and belly pinioned to the desk. The half hour seemed to pass like two weeks before Mather again loomed over her.

"You are obedient, I will concede that." He said as he cut away the tape holding the beautiful doll sized woman in place upon the desk. Josephine made no move to try to evade her abductor's hand. Almost absentmindedly, Mather fondled the tiny woman's luscious breasts and butt as he carried her to another room.

"This is my laboratory Mrs. Williamson. I have fixed up a small corner for you. Your stay with me will be reasonably comfortable. So long as you are obedient and compliant. First let us see to your bath." 

Josephine noticed a large half doll house. It was only a single floor but had miniature furniture and shag rugs in parts of it. Off to one side was a bathroom with a rather large sized tub. Mather turned on the regular sized taps and the tub began filling with warm water. 

"We will soak the tape off of you and then I am going to wash you head to toe. It will be better for you to not resist my ministrations. Afterwards, If you eat all your dinner, I will give you some clothing to wear. Personally I'd like to keep you naked but it is important that you learn that you can earn rewards for correct behavior."

Josephine had to conclude that Mather was rather gentle as washed her. The gross pig who had given her a sperm bath now seemed miles away. He warned her each time that he dunked her so that she could hold her breath when she vanished beneath the surface of the water. Josephine realized that this tub, which was not much bigger than a large mixing bowl was so deep that she could never hope to stand up in it. She floated just above Mather's hand as he added a dollop of soap to the tub and produced bubbles. Gently the scientist lightly massaged and washed the tiny body. Mather allowed her to rinse out her own hair. The water was nice and warm. It caused the tape to float away from her body. Josephine did not recall a time in her life when she felt as clean as this bath made her feel. She relieved herself in the water since she had no idea if she would see a toilet any time soon. The hardened semen had disgusted her greatly. Being rid of it was a goodness that could not be measured. On the other hand Mather seemed to take a perverse delight in cleansing Josephine's pussy and asshole. To the tiny woman's consternation, his fingers stimulated her private parts in unwanted ways. Her pussy seemed especially sensitive since she had been shrunk. Josephine did her best to push the unwanted pelvic and anal attention from her mind 

The soft linen towel felt so wonderful on Josephine's body as Mather dried her off. She wished that she could hide herself in the towel forever but Mather pulled it away from her once he determined that she was dry. The scientist gave the living doll a tiny comb to tend to her disheveled hair and ordered her to sit at the kitchen table in the doll house. Mather vanished from the room but returned a few moments latter carrying a tray. Whatever the food was it smelled marvelous. Josephine realized that she was famished, not having eaten since breakfast. Very carefully, Mather set a tiny plate before his captive. The meal turned out to be stuffed Cornish game hens and vegetables. Several bottles of water and a tiny beer bottle accompanied the meal. 

Mather vanished a second time and returned with the same meal for himself that was normal sized. The aroma from the scientist's meal was overpowering in its scent. Mather sat opposite of Josephine and presented her with eating utensils her size and encouraged her to eat. The meal was delicious. Mather was a phenomenal cook. He seemed very satisfied with himself as he heard the tiny woman emit sounds of pleasure as she ate. 

"That your appetite is normal is a good sign. It means that there are no side effects from your shrinking. If you eat well I have an outfit I would like to try one. I made an executive decision. I decided that the clothing I provide you should primarily please me."

Josephine did not like the sound of that but she focused on eating. She decided that she wanted the beer. She twisted off the cap and began to down the liquid. The food and alcohol drove the memory of the taste of Mather's cum from her throat and mind. 

Mather stared enchantingly at the tiny wonder he had made. Josephine Williamson was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. Her long brown hair fell to just past her shoulders. Her lovely breasts were magnificent with fine areolas. Her sparse pubic triangle looked like it was spun from fine brown floss. She looked like a miniature carving, a copy of a much larger version. The fact that she was now his to command caused him to become erect once more. He would have a lot of fun with this wonderful toy he thought to himself.

Josephine found herself eating nearly every morsel of food that had been placed before her. Once Doctor Mather determined that she was finished he set aside the water bottles but removed everything else from the table. With a moist towelette, the scientist cleaned the food residue from her face and hands.

"Now as to what you shall be attired in. This is quite an opportunity for me. You are a very lovely woman Mrs. Williams I want you looking sexy for me always. Your choices are simple either total nudity or you dress as I decide or face punishment and humiliation." Mather paused for a moment and said, "Would like to see your first outfit?"

Josephine's head nodded yes and she heard her own now unrecognized voice say, "Yes."

"Splendid!" 

Doctor John Mather opened a drawer in the cabinet on which stood Josephine's doll house. The large hand removed something from the drawer and placed it at the tiny woman's feet. The outfit was a pair of black thigh high stockings, spiked red heels and a tiny red mini skirt and matching bustier. Josephine realized that her captor wanted her to dress like a whore. The clothing appalled her, ordinarily Josephine was a conservative dresser. The only person she had ever worn anything the least bit slutty for was her husband. The thought of Edgar nearly caused her to break down in tears. Josephine forced the tears away and picked up the garments. To her amazement they seemed to be her size.

"I will give you a moment of privacy while you dress. You have one minute. " Mather turned his back and began looking at his watch. 

Josephine paused before dressing just long enough to realize that no underwear was included. She sat in the kitchen chair and pulled the stockings on her still long seeming and lovely legs. She slid on the skirt, it fell to just past the tops of the stockings. Next she slid the leather bustier over her head. It had the effect of making her already ample breasts appear larger. The bustier also exposed most of Josephine's lovely taut stomach and sexy navel. Lastly she stepped into the red patent leather spiked heels. Josephine adjusted her attire as Mather turned back around. Josephine had never liked the leer she was now seeing on her captor. Josephine had seen that look many times in the past. It was not an appreciative ogle, it was a lustful look that always caused Josephine's blood to run cold. For the first time since she had been miniaturized, Josephine was grateful that her captor could not possibly fuck her. She knew that if she were still normal size, Mather would have already raped her.
