 Rook let the tip of his forked tongue slip past his long full lips as Patience sashayed past him. The slit of his pupil flexed, thinned and constricted as his Ophidian senses partook of her nectar like scent. His loins churned as he dipped his chin low, golden eyes fixed, unwavering, on his desire. His deep golden, Samurai styled, hair hid his features and his intent as he came through the side door into the den, where she was setting candles out.

As he moved silently through the den he considered his target, she was the mate of the Vampire Kryus, who was a pornographer. He had a whole crew of actors and photographers that would come over every weekend to film. This crew was also Kryus' cache of blood dolls and now that Patience was also a Vampire she also used them to sustain her. Typically she was a very dominant woman, she used her erotic bite to control any man she acquired, and she had a select few she kept for her own pleasure. She was a nymphomaniac prior to being turned, now she had a near insatiable lust and a body that screamed "use me".

Rook's own chosen mate was an elf and though her scent, flavor, and body were perfect, her mind stimulated him to no end, her petite frame simply could not satisfy his sexual desire. Rook smiled to himself as his body shifted and Patience became small to him as his lower torso lengthened and coiled behind him. He was near invisible to her while she was occupied, Vampires couldn't smell, hear or even bite Ophids. Their blood is toxic to the magical creatures and Ophids were much stronger then female Vampires.

Patience turned to leave the candles, her eyes saw only the light elongated torso of Rook as she went to step back the tip of his tail coiled around her ankle.

"Rook... what are you..." her words cut off as his long serpentine body jerked her off her feet, spun her in his coils and brought her to his embrace.

Patience writhed her body trapped in the solid coil of Rook's Ophidian half. His lips claimed hers roughly as his hands stroked down her back. One hand ending its decent by grabbing her lightly corded ass and pulling her pelvis against his, then he forced it between her legs to spread them. His other hand pressed tightly between her shoulder blades, keeping her firm breasts crushed his solid chest. This trapped her head and lips, full and sweet, pressed to his own.

Her hands trying in vain to push him away, her body still wrapped in the near fifteen feet of massive serpent flesh, could only writhe as he slithered over and around her, igniting every nerve in her lightly tanned flesh. Her eyes rolled, lashes flattened against her cheeks. He could feel her body give in to him as she began to relax in his strong grip. Patience wrapped her long legs around Rook's waist, grinding her pussy against the smooth corded muscle of his pelvic area. She threw her head back gasping for air as she cried out in frustration.

"Why can't I find your cock?!" Her hands flew from his chest to her own, squeezing her breasts as she laid her body back, now nearly parallel with the floor, she began to buck rubbing her now dripping pussy lips against where his groin should be.

Rook watched her face even thrusting his fist in the mess of curls that now sway freely in the air. As he jerked her head up so he could watch her face he let loose his own hidden surprise. Under the protective muscle had lurked his own raging desire and he was ready to release it upon her wanton body. He thrust into her with both of his rather large members filling her tight suckling pussy as well as her quivering ass at the same time.

Patience's eyes shot wide and her body began to buck and wave uncontrollably as she let loose an ear piercing scream. She began attempting to throw herself back as she was being invaded by the two suddenly appearing cocks tag teamed her body in rapid succession in an attempt to drive her mad with pleasure.

Rook grinned as she struggled in his coils. He moved his hands to her hips and lifted, suspending her pelvis mid-air. He held her there in a perfect position to allow him the ability to thrust his dual shafts in and out of her. His coils continuously moved under her body, supporting her weight and setting off additional erogenous zones. Her body jerked with every massive thrust delivered from him. With such massive strikes against her pussy came additional choked screams. She was helpless, full and couldn't stop cumming all over those invading members.

This none-the-less did not stop him from using his coils more. He coiled his body about her waist and squeezed lightly, pressing at the area just above her pubic mound, causing her to release a fountain like orgasm.

Pure joy rang in his ears as he uncorked her, the suction on his throbbing members was divine. He flipped her swiftly, making her scream again as he slapped both her tight ass cheeks with a resounding crack. His fist then gripped those cheeks and spread her wide, allowing him access to her once again tightly puckered asshole. He thrust harshly into her anal passage once again, effectively pushing her over the edge, sending Patience into another wave of orgasmic bliss.

Rook let his head drop back as he continued to thrust in and out of her quaking body. As both of his members swelled Patience arched her back up to be able to grab her breasts tightly while still screaming near uncontrollably. Her pussy began to flex and flare now full of maddening electricity which only served to be inflamed even more by the pulsating cock in her anal passage. She once again coated his clock, her final orgasm so powerful that her juices ran the entire length of his coil and down to pool on the floor.

When he began to come his coils slammed her against him and held her there. His long body held her still as he began to fill her quivery body with his shockingly cold cum.

She gasped as if filled with ice, her screams became inaudible, gasping as she attempted to open her eyes with no luck. Her world spun, shifting from level to sideways. She felt his strong lips claim hers as the world faded away on waves of pure sensation.

Rook used his coils to slowly lower the limp woman to the sofa. Her body was glistening with sweat and cum. He smiled and went back to Soma, satisfied. He wrapped his arms about her, pulling her close, to spoon and fell asleep.

Mmm, three hours should be enough time to let Soma rest before he showed her what he had finished doing to Patience.