 She was unhappy.

 It had been 4 months since she had moved from her hometown to start her new job. She had hoped the job would complete her, fill the void in her unhappy life. After realising that her job was giving her no fulfillment, she tried dating. She frequented bars and clubs, meet a few reasonably guys and went on some dates. She even took one or two home. The sex has uninspiring, and terrible, but at least it was some form of release. She started seeing the least bad option regularly, he simply started coming by regularly and it became routine. Routine became "relationship", but she felt unfulfilled.

 One day, he was away on business, she stumbled upon an old book shop whilst she was out shopping. She had never been in a peculiar bookshop like it: there were old and expensive looking books everywhere, nowhere could she see any pop literature. Even the old man behind the counter looked like from another era. After some fascinated browsing a particular book caught her interest. As if drawn to it, she grasped it from the shelf and flipped open the leather cover.

 "Beware! Do not continue to read this book if you want to continue with your way of life. If you are happy with your mediocrity and leading a quaint life, put down this book. You have been warned."

 Although part of her mind dismissed the paragraph as nonsense and a joke, a more primal part of her trembled slightly. For the first time in ages she was excited, shaken to the bone. She looked around the shop. The attendant was nowhere to be seen. She found a comfy old leather chair hidden away in a corner. She took a deep breath. She was nervous. She pressed on.

 "Chapter 1. The rules.

 Hello Patricia. Welcome to the start of your transformation."

 WHAT THE FUCK!! she almost screamed. How did the book know her name!?!?

 "Compose yourself, young lady. Right now. You decided to continue and now you must process down the rabbit hole. Do not worry, it won't hurt. Not too much at least..."

 She suddenly felt a tingle in her palm, the one clasping the book. Before realising what was happening the tingle turned into a hot jolt of pain. She shrieked and dropped the book. It tumbled onto the ground. What the fuck?! Her hand hurt, as if she had put it onto a hot surface. She looked at her palm. There was a small red symbol branded onto it. It looked like a square with a heart inside it. She was perplexed. How? What? How?!??

 She glared down at the book. The book! ITT had the same symbol on its back cover. But how has it branded her? This is some twisted joke, she thought.

 Before she could fully process what was going on, the attendant appeared as if from nowhere.

 "Who are you he bellowed? We closed an hour ago, were you hiding here? Hoping to steal my books after I left!? Get Out!!!"

 She leapt up from the chair. WHAT IS GOING ON?! She banged her knee on the arm rest and fell to the floor. The attendant continued to shout, he was running towards his counter, most likely wanting to call the police. She scrambled to her feet, she had to get out. She spotted the book beside her bag, without thinking clearly she grabbed it together with her belongings and sprinted for the door.

 "Get Out you thief!!" Was the last thing she heard as she sprinted outside. She ran without looking back. She sprinted down an alleyway, then down a narrow lane. Her lungs burned by the time she felt she could stop.

 She looked around. It was dark. How long has she been in the shop? She searched her bag for her phone. 2113. She had been in the shop for over 5 hours? She must have nodded off. She hurried off home.

 After a few paces she remembered the pain in her hand. She hoped it had been a dream as she slowly opened her palm to examine herself. It was still there, staring her on the eye. The heart within a square. It seemed to be less painful now though and didn't look quite as swollen and red.

 She was confused. WHAT IS GOING ON!? I need to get home! She hurried. By the time she arrived in her small flat she was sweating and panicking. Nothing made sense.

 She threw her bag into the corner of her bedroom. The book tumbled out and fell open in to show the middle pages. She could see that they were blank.

 Curious from what she saw, she approached the book. Not wanting to get burned again, she took a letter opener to flip the pages. They were all blank. She flipped back to the first page she had read.

 "Patricia, this is your story. You cannot skip forward. I apologise for the inconvenience you experienced, I'm afraid it was necessary."

 SHIT, IT'S TALKING TO ME!

 "Yes, I'm talking to you, now listen. The mark on your hand gives you a gift. It allows you to experience your true desires. It allows you to know yourself and taste life."

 She hesitated. This is crazy, she thought. Taste life? She had everything! A job, a flat, a boyfriend. Life was fine... She felt a knot in her stomach. What did the book mean? She had to continue.

 "You're confused, buy this is necessary. Your transformation will begin tomorrow."

 With that the book slammed shut, startling her. Patricia shrieked! Stupid book, she thought, yawning. She suddenly felt exhausted, bed lined so enticing.

 Things will be better tomorrow, she thought, as she climbed into bed and drifted off.

 ... She had never had a wet dream. In fact, she hardly ever remembered her dreams and if she did they were rather boring. Not that night. It was intense. She dreamt of waking up lying on her front with her arms extended above her. Although they weren't tied to anything, she couldn't lift them. She wasn't wearing her nightie, she realised as a cool breeze brushed over her back. It played across her ass, too. Her NAKED ass. She never slept naked!!! The cool breeze continued down her legs. Following the sensation she realised her feet were spread apart, not being held by anything but she was unable to close them. She was totally exposed.

 She looked up towards her hands. The head of the bed was made of a big mirror. She looked at herself and saw she was wearing makeup and had lovely hair. She looked stunning. She could also see her own ass, that's because there was a pillow underneath her hips, elevating her ass and exposing herself to the crisp air.

 She felt embarrassed, what if she was seen this way!? She had never been exposed like this. At the same time, she felt a warm tingle between her legs. She tried to ignore the sensation, and focus on something else. this wasn't her! She didn't get turned on in this manner. Whilst thinking this she couldn't help but allowing her mind to drift back to the sensation between her legs. A warm glow was spreading across her pussy, like nothing she has ever felt. Although she could see no one behind her, it felt like someone was breathing onto her pussy. She was mesmerised. What was going on?! This should not be happening, yet it felt amazing.

 The breathing felt hot and ragged on her pussy lips. This was insane. She squinted hard, trying to see if something or someone was on the room. She could see nothing. The breathing was making her moan. It was driving her crazy, only stimulating her a little bit not satisfying her. She tried to squeeze her thighs together, to make it stop. Instead, all that happened is that her thighs opened a little further, her hips tilted forward, exposing her pussy even more. She was getting wet. Very wet. As if sensing what was going on, the breathing quickened and intensified into a blow. She felt the airflow on her pussy, circling right around her clit. She panted and groaned. Her hips started gyrating in an attempt to guide her pussy onto the moving airstream, somehow hoping to find a tongue to assist the breathing.

 She was losing her mind. She had never been this primal and full of lust. All she could focus on was to somehow satisfy her needs. She needed to cum. Hard.

 The blowing intensified. Thankfully, she thought, finally some relief. But then the blowing slowed again. She was being teased. As if whoever was doing this could read her mind. She cried out into the bed sheets, her hips thrusting up and pussy twitching, trying to catch some additional stimulation.

 Her pussy was dripping, she has never been this wet. Ever. She was ready to fuck and needed it, but wasn't getting any. She threw her head back, her long hair cascading down her back. Her back arched, thereby thrusting get ass further into the air. She felt so slutty, her body literally begging to get filled by anything or anyone.

 She started hoping that the door would fly open and someone would walk in. Someone to release the unbearable tension building in her loins. She wouldn't think twice about letting a stranger take her. She needed release. She was babbling into the sheets uncontrollably, only focusing on the hot breath which was keeping her on the brink of orgasm.

 Suddenly she heard a voice in her head, the same voice from the book. "Do you want release Patricia?"

 Fucker!!! Yes, she panted. Yes, I need release.

 "Of course you do. Sweet little thing. It's easy, you know? All you need to do is wake up and open your front door."

 What!? I don't understand, she groaned.

 "LISTEN! WAKE UP AND OPEN THE DOOR!" The voice disappeared. The blowing stopped. She was losing her mind.

 Suddenly she woke up. She was back in her bed. She could move her hands, her feet, she wasn't stood anymore. Just a dream? Perhaps... But she was soaking. The sheets were drenched, she was sweating. She noticed her lust has still present. The itch between her legs was like a fire. She needed satisfaction, right now.

 She reached down to rub herself. However add soon as her hand got close she felt a burning hot pain where her mark was. Like an electric shock, it would make her hand recoil. She tried again using her other hand, possessed to get off. Once again, the pain shot through her hand. She howled in pain and frustration. What should she do? All she could do was think of her orgasm.

 In that moment she heard a knock at the door. THIS CANNOT BE HAPPENING...

 Before she could react, she found herself walking towards the door. Within seconds she had reached the door and flung it wide open. Only now did she realise that she was completely naked. She's looked down at herself in horror, noticing a sheen of sweat on her body. Her head snapped back up as she heard a deep voice croak: "um, hello, Patricia?" Shocked, she looked out into the corridor. Her eyes focused on a handsome man in a delivery uniform. He was well built, with strong forearms, and looked confused but also pleasantly surprised.

 As if her mind was controlled by someone else, she noticed with horror that rather than slamming the door shut, she composed herself and calmly gazed at the man. She's felt a warm glow emit from her mark, giving her endless confidence. As if on autopilot, she answered "yes, that's me. What can I do for you?" At the same time her mind was spinning out of control...

 The man had overcome his initial surprise and was admiring the view. She looked amazing, proudly displaying her body. Patricia noted with approval that his reaction was rising rapidly. His cock must taste amazing, her dirty mind thought.

 Her glowing mark has taken over control of her actions, her conscious mind could only observe with shock what she did next.

 She took a step towards him, joining him in the corridor of her own building. Her neighbours could walk out any minute... She smiled at him, saying "before you say anything, I need this" and then knelt down in front of him.

 Although the fire between her legs was uncontrollable, she had to taste him. She rapidly opened his trousers, his already growing member snaked out. Sure remembers thinking she hadn't sucked cock in ages, and didn't really like it. Before she could think that she wasn't even good at it, her body has taken over, and she engulfed his cock with her greedy mouth. She felt his hands grip fistfuls of her hair as he groaned. He must be liking it, she chuckled as she began bobbing her head up and down. She dragged her lips over his veiny cock. It tasted salty. Primal. She felt dirty. And amazing.

 She looked up at him, they locked eyes. His surprised look had given way to a burning look of desire. She placed her hands behind her back and clasped them together. He grinned, then held her head and proceeded to move his hips, thrusting his cock in and out of her open mouth. She loved the feeling of submitting herself to this stranger. This was the wildest thing she had ever done.

 "This is only the beginning, Patricia..." She heard the voice whisper.

 Hearing the devilish voice made her remember the fire between her thighs. Unbelievably, she felt even hornier, if she could touch herself she would definitely be dripping wet. She pulled her head back, the cock popped from between her swollen lips. The man groaned with frustration, worried his luck might have ended. This concern was short lived and his eyes lit up when he saw her pivot on her knees and turn her ass towards him. Not believing his luck, the stranger quickly knelt behind Patricia and before a sensible thought could enter her canal mind (like asking him for his name, let alone request he use protection) she felt the head of his cock nudge against her pussy and part her slippery wet lips.

 Instinctively, her chest dropped to the floor and she pushed her ass back against the stranger. She felt his burning hot tip penetrate her outer lips before he grabbed her hips, thereby preventing her to get away should she have reconsidered (not that she wanted to say this stage!), And began pushing into her. Her pussy clamped down hard around the invading stranger. In contrast to her dirty mind, her tight body hadn't ever been treated this way and was not prepared for such rough treatment. Her tightness only made the stranger push harder, and she felt with delight how his thick pole started pushing deeper into her. She felt so dirty getting fucked by a complete stranger in this public place, at risk of being caught at any minute. This only spurned her on and she started rocking her hips.

 The stranger began laying into this hot piece of ass. Each time he pulled his cock back, her pussy would try to suck it back in, only to squeeze it tightly when he pushed himself back inside. She felt exquisite. She loved every second of it. He had taken over control, fucking her with deep and long strokes. Each time his cock pushed inside her, he would pause a second during which she could feel his cock pulse and twitch.

 He must be close to cunning, she thought with mischief in her mind. She had never let a man cum inside her. It had always disgusted her, although there was no risk of getting pregnant, she was certain of that. She didn't even like it on her. But now, the thought of a man's cum, a STRANGER'S cum, was a huge turn on. She needed to feel it. With that in mind, she started bucking hard against his cock.

 Fuck the fact that she didn't know his name. Fuck the fact that she was having sex with a STRANGER outside her flat. She started moaning, getting louder and louder. He didn't want them to get interrupted, so he put his hand infront of her mouth and clampt it shut. She felt his strong hands close over her mouth, the sense of helplessness, of being out of control, fulled her sexual fire. she squealed with delight as he pushed his cock even deeper into her womb.

 The intensity of it all was overwhelming her. Just as she was about to cum all over his cock, he pulled out.



"What the fuck man" she was about to shout, when she spun around

his rock solid cock smacked her in the face. He grinned at her, like an animal posesed. "I want you to suck me again. Properly this time, you little slut!"

She had never been spoken to like that, but in the heat of the moment it was such a huge turn-on. "only under one condition, she hissed at him, from her kneeling position".

"go, on." he returned.



"you are not allowed to cum in my mouth. under no circumstances..."

"why so?" he asked. "Where do you want my spunk?"

the symbol in her hand glowed hot, taking over control of her senses

she said what she had never said before, her mind was shocked when she heard her own words say: "I want you to cum deep inside my tight little cunt, and fill it with your tasty hot seed!"

the words surprised the stranger. WHAT A SLUT, he thought, and couldn't believe his luck

he grinned at her: "don't worry, you'll get what you deserve. Now start earning your cum, little girl."

 She flashed a smile, then focused her attention on the big cock in front of her. She noticed that it seemed to get bigger as soon as the hand with the mark touched it, like the mark could be used to maximise both her and his pleasure. She didn't think much more about it as she examined the strange cock. It was thick and meaty. He was not circumcised so she pushed his foreskin back to start sucking on his tip. He groaned in ecstasy when her mouth closed around his cock. She was a natural cocksucker - she loved the feeling of the soft skin glide over her tongue and along her lips. Every flick of her tongue made his cock twitch as he groaned.

 As she was sucking him, he started playing with her pert tits. It felt amazing, having his cock in her mouth and feeling his strong hands on her torso. His hand wandered down to her ass and she felt a loud "SMACK" as his hand connected loudly with her ass cheek. She loved it! She had never been spanked before, but this made her mouth open even more and take him deeper. She loved the feeling of being used in this way, being a tool of pleasure. Finally allowing her body to be wild and free and fuck. just fuck.

 He used her hand to massage his shaft whilst the other hand clasped his heavy balls. she loved it. he felt so powerful, and masculine, his cock so raw and primal. she sensed he was getting close to his climax as his balls tightened and his shaft got even harder. His grip tightened on her head, he started thrusting into her mouth. she could feel his hot cock glide in and out between her lips. Her instincts told her to let him empty himself into her mouth. she had never swallowed cum and she was excited to finally taste him!

 just before he could release, she felt the mark give her a sharp sting in the hand. she yelped and lent back. she remembered, not to let him cum in her mouth...the mark wanted her to get filled with cum. wanted her to feel his cock twitch inside her as it flooded her. The stranger chuckled, out of breath. "oh of course, we had a deal!" she nodded, and spread her legs wide open, presenting herself to him and anyone who might happen to enter the corridor.

 He knelt between her legs and guided his thick cock into her. it felt good to feel him fill her up again. she loved the sensation and wrapped her legs around his waist. even if he wanted to, he was not pulling out this time.

 She placed her hands on his ass. as soon as her mark made contact with his skin, it was as if a bolt of energy hit him and he started moving with much more energy. he fucked her silly. she wanted to scream with ecstasy but he put his mouth on hers and pushed his tongue into her mouth, thereby keeping their noise down. she was beside herself. she had transformed into a fucking machine. every inch of her body was on fire, every muscle tensed, working towards making his fat piece of meat finally explode in her tight unprotected pussy.

 His pace increased, she could feel he was getting close to cumming. His shaft was engorged with blood, the veins of his cock intensifying the friction and sensation inside her sopping cunt. Her pussy lips gripped his cock, maximising both their pleasure. Suddenly he roared and thrust his cock deep inside her. Her cunt spasmed as she felt his cock explode inside her, flooding her soaking pussy with jets of spunk. She must have forgotten to breathe, she was seeing stars and almost blacked out with sheer ecstasy. As his seed flooded her pussy, her insides tensed momentarily before unleashing an earth shattering orgasm. She thrashed and moaned as her orgasm rolled over her in waves upon waves.
