 Chapter 18

Aldwyn sat at the fireside in his quarters. Witnessing the execution of the traitor that afternoon had left him unsettled. Normally, he would have taken some form of satisfaction in his work. Also he would have taken some joy in the knowledge that the lady was safe and the criminal was dead, but he felt none of this, only vague uncertainty. 

There was no doubt that the traitor deserved his end, but somehow it felt hollow. The man held no malice for the lady or the crown. It was his insatiable appetites that drove him to such means for support. He was a weak minded fool with high ranking friends. At the time of the traitor's arrest, Aldwyn had to restrain himself from outright torturing the man to death, but now it seemed an almost petty excuse for an execution... Then again, the man was an almost petty excuse for being alive at all. In a way, it might have been worse to let the man rot in the dungeon. 

Besides all that, what was truly dissatisfying about the whole matter was that the man had no proof of exactly whom he had sold the information; only a general description of the man who paid him and the place of their meetings, nothing substantial. 

Aldwyn knew that this mystery man was probably long gone by now, and even if he had been captured as well, it still wouldn't have made much of a difference; Just another underling funneling secrets. Damien! Damien was the real culprit. He was the real danger. He was the real threat. Seeing that barbarian's severed head on a pike, his lifeless eyes staring off into infinite darkness, his purple tongue drooping from his open mouth, that would be justice. 

At that moment, his thoughts were interrupted by a soft voice at his door, "Sir Knight, may I come in?"

"Yes," Aldwyn answered wondering who would be at his door at this late hour. The door slowly opened and much to his surprise it was Alicia dressed in a simple white night grown. "What brings you here at this hour? Shouldn't you be resting for the lady's wedding tomorrow?" Aldwyn asked.

"I just...," She hesitated, "I just need someone to talk to and I just couldn't think of anyone else."

"What of your lady? Couldn't you discuss whatever the matter is with her?"

"She is the matter I wish to discuss." Aldwyn expression turned from slightly puzzled to concerned. "Please have a seat," Aldwyn gestured to a chair across the hearth from him. "What is it about the lady that troubles you?"

Alicia sat in the chair across from Aldwyn, but she didn't look at him. Rather she looked down at her hands which she was rubbing together, more out of nervousness than anything else. "The lady trusts me. If she ever found out I..."

"I will never speak of this to anyone," Aldwyn interrupted, "You may speak freely to me."

"Thank you," Alicia's voice trembled slightly, "On the day of our arrival, the King spoke with the lady privately. He told her that the prince won't be the one to rule, that she will; also that he was the one who started that awful rumor that he would be the true father of her children; that it was all a ruse; that she may choose the father of her child."

Surprise would be a significant understatement of Aldwyn's reaction to what he had just been told. He sat in stunned silence for several moments, staring into the fire, as he began to process this young woman's revelations. "Why are you telling me this?" Aldwyn asked not knowing what other question to ask. 

Alicia's gaze was still cast low, "I... I'm not sure how I should feel about this."

Aldwyn was contemplative for a moment, then asked, "How does our lady feel about this?"

"She seems eager to assume her duties as Queen, but... I don't want to call it hesitation... rather she seems unsettled by the prospect of carrying the burden as Queen."

"That's a very good sign," Aldwyn replied, "That means she doesn't think she is ready to be Queen. She is concerned about failing her duties as sovereign, which of course means she intends to fulfill those duties."

He continued, "If she felt she were ready that would mean she wasn't concerned with fulfilling her duties, most likely because she had no intention of fulfilling them, but pursuing her own interests. Unfortunately this lack of concern has all too often been mistaken as readiness, allowing very undeserving people to ascend the throne in many kingdoms."

"So, how should I feel about this?" Alicia repeated her question.

"Well, our lady is going to be a ruler of a great country. You could be happy in that she will have all the power, authority, and responsibility she could ever want. You could also be compassionate, since our lady will need all the support she can get. She is headstrong and wise beyond her years, but I suspect that in times ahead she will need comfort from those closest to her, and I can think of none closer to her than you."

Alicia thought all this logical and some of her anxiety began to subside. She rested her hands in her lap and raised her gaze to the hearth fire. She still couldn't bring herself to face the knight full on, but she was becoming accustomed to his voice. Then Aldwyn spoke again.

"As for the lady being able to select the father of her children, bare in mind that many noble persons married for sake of alliances have found themselves in their marriage bed with someone whom they'd as soon spurn as a rabid dog than ever touch. Rather than being required to breed with a man not of her choosing, she has the chance to carefully select who she desires. It is rare choice, especially for those of noble birth. You could again be happy for her and supportive of her."

As before the knight's words were logical to Alicia but somehow not as reassured. In fact, now she felt worse. Her gaze dropped to her hands again and sat silently.

"I take it from your reaction, I wasn't helpful."

"Yes you were sire, but... I just don't feel... I'm not feeling the way I should."

"What are you feeling, then?"

Alicia paused considering what exactly she was feeling. "I... I'm not sure what but it isn't happy. It's like..." Alicia's voice trailed off.

"Jealousy?" Aldwyn guessed.

"What? NO!" Alicia reacted, "Why would I be jealous of my lady?"

"Perhaps because she has a choice that you probably won't have," Aldwyn observed, "Or perhaps because it means that someone besides you will share your lady's bed."

Alicia was stunned beyond belief. So stunned was she, that she momentarily lost her inhibition and looked directly at the knight. Once her eyes made contact with those green irises of his, she couldn't break the connection. "Ho-how-how-di-did you..." She stuttered incoherently.

Aldwyn interrupted her, "I've seen how you look upon your lady and how she looks on you. Most would have dismissed it, but there is a deep bond between you and your lady."

Fear quickly gripped her heart, "You mustn't tell anyone!" she nearly she shrieked as she stood, "You can't! It would ruin her!" She knew that such love as theirs was taboo and if made public could scandalized her lady. Alicia's rant quickly decomposed into incoherent syllables laced with building tears. 

"As I said before," Aldwyn stood from his seat as well, "I will never speak of this to anyone."

"Thank you," Alicia still fought her tears. Still standing, she closed her eyes, turned towards the hearth, feeling the warmth of the fire, and began to calm herself. 

"Alicia," Aldwyn's voice felt soothing, "I would never do anything to harm you or our lady, I would never let anything happen to either of you, and I would lay down my life to keep you and our lady safe."

"But for her more than for me," Alicia's voice was accusatory, almost harsh. 

"What do you mean by that?" Aldwyn was thoroughly confused. He had never heard her speak in such a tone. In fact, he had come to believe her incapable of it.

"You are in love with her," Alicia turned from the fire, looked up to Aldwyn with tear-welled eyes and glared at him. Her eyes were no longer submissive, but blazing blue, like the base of a candle flame. Her blond hair was tinted red by the cast of the dying fire in the heart, making her golden mane look blaze orange. Aldwyn was truly amazed by the forcefulness of her expression. This was the first time he had ever seen her stand up to anyone, let alone him. He was further impressed by her words.

"How did you know?" Aldwyn asked as he stepped back.

"For years I have seen men lust after my lady," Alicia's voice was laced with bitterness, "But you were the worst. You were always there in court. I saw you as you gazed at my lady, yet never once did you ever approach her or give any sign of what was so obviously written on your face. No, rather you have gone out of your way to serve her every possible need while never showing any overt sign of affection towards her, endearing yourself to her." Momentarily, Alicia sighed as she closed her eyes, letting the tears roll down her cheeks. She reopened her anger-filled eyes and focused them on Aldwyn as she continued, "I have silently endured this knowing that my lady truly cared for me. Now that she is seeking a father for her children, you are more than ready to serve her yet again; ready to take her away for me!" 

Angry tears freely flowed from her eyes, as she rushed towards him and started to wildly thrash at the knight's chest with her fists. Aldwyn had not though it possible for this young woman to raise a hand in anger and was completely unprepared for the assault. Fortunately for Aldwyn, the blows were poorly aimed, and Alicia's physical strength relative to his was hardly comparable. 

He quickly managed to get her in a bear hug, pinning her forearms between their chests. He also took a very small step towards her; forcing his feet between hers thus keeping her legs parted enough so that she would be hard pressed to kick him in the groin. Still, even in his iron grasp, she continued to thrash and squirm, screaming and crying as she did so. 

After a few moments when it had become apparent, even to Alicia, that her attempt to harm Aldwyn was pointless, the struggling stopped, and the cries and screams gave way to muffled sobbing as she buried her face into the knight's chest. With her strength depleted, Alicia collapsed against Aldwyn. Aldwyn still held her in the bear hug, only now supporting her rather than restraining her. 

"This little girl has more spirit in her that I thought," Aldwyn mused silently. He knew that he intimidated her and surly she had to have known that in any physical combat with him he would be victorious. Yet faced with a perceived threat to her relationship with her lady, she was willing to strike out against him. Not only overcoming her fear of him but also facing certain defeat, she plunged head long at him with all she had. That took more courage than he had seen from some of the veterans of the last barbarian war. 

Finally Alicia ran out of tears. With some finesse, Aldwyn managed to maneuver Alicia back over to her seat by the hearth, and gently set her down in the seat. Slowly, he began to disengage himself from the embrace. 

Kneeling down next to her, Aldwyn brushed away the stray hairs that had fallen into her face. Her eyes were reddened, and slightly swollen. "Alicia," Aldwyn whispered, "neither I nor anyone or anything in all of creation could ever break the bond between you and Isana. She loves you and you love her far too much for that to happen. What on Earth possessed you to think otherwise?" Aldwyn paused for an instant than added in a slightly more questioning tone, "What made you think that the Lady would want me?"

"She speaks of you often," Her tear stained eyes gazed into the fire again, "She thinks highly of you. She finds you... strong, brave, intelligent, handsome, and comforting... as do I."

"You?" Aldwyn was truly lost now, "But you and your lady... But I thought I intimidated you." "You do intimidate me, but those qualities that are intimidating are also enchanting. As much as I wish to run away from you right now, I also wish run into your arms, to feel your strength, your touch, your compassion, like back at the bath house when... when you kissed me."

Hearing these words from this brave young woman aroused something deep inside him and almost without thinking Aldwyn asked, "You mean like this?" Aldwyn slowly leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on her lips. 

At first, Alicia froze. It felt so surreal. Her heart fluttered, her skin crawled, and the fine hairs all over her body stood on end. All the conflicting emotions that had been stirred within her were now a maelstrom that was making her lightheaded. All conscious thoughts ceased as her most primal instincts fought each other. 

With a suddenness that surprised her as much as it did Aldwyn, she lunged forward, throwing her arms around Aldwyn's neck as she showered him with kisses. At first, Aldwyn thought this was another attack and as soon as he regained his balance, grasped Alicia's upper arms and started to remove them, but then he realized what she was doing. This only intensified the deep arousal in him, further suppressing his normally rational mind. He released her arms and tenderly embraced her, putting his arms around waist. 

As Alicia's frenzy began to subside, Aldwyn began to return her kisses, only more deliberate, more slowly, gradually becoming more assertive. Alicia slowed down, allowing the knight to set the pace. Finally after a moment, their lips met fully and this time, Aldwyn locked onto her mouth, kissing her deeply, slowly, passionately. 

From his early experiences with Allegra, Aldwyn knew how to pleasure a woman. While these skills had been out of use for some time, he still recalled quite a bit of knowledge. At first the kiss was just locked lips, then Aldwyn began to open his mouth. Slowly his tongue began to slowly sweep across Alicia's lips. Gradually his tongue began to probe the slit of her mouth. She didn't fully understand what was happening but she knew it felt good, so she didn't resist. She allowed his tongue into her mouth. Slowly he swept his tongue over her teeth and gums, searching out her mouth. This felt strange to Alicia but good. Suddenly Alicia became aware of the pleasing tightness that sat low in her stomach. 

She also became aware of just how sensitive her skin had become. She could distinctly feel the texture of her night gown against her body, especially on her breasts where the fabric was crushed against the knight's chest, also where his hands and arms were touching her as well. She could feel the fine hairs of his face against hers. She could feel the soft wool of his clothing under her hands. She could also feel the steady warmth of his flesh where ever they touched. It was so overwhelming to Alicia, but it all felt so wonderful. Her body had never been so alive, and she knew she wanted more, she needed more, much more. 

Alicia broke the kiss. As much as she needed the kiss to last, she needed to breathe more. Her breathing was ragged, short, heavy, panting. As Alicia tried to catch her breath, Aldwyn left a trail of kissed her cheek, along her jaw, down her neck to her collar bone. The pleasing tightness inside her was becoming tighter, almost aching now. Aldwyn's hands slowly roved over her gown, leaving her flesh tingling in their wake. 

Alicia sighed deeply. Her face was a contortion of pleasures. This was far too new and exciting. It was too much and yet somehow not enough. Her body was humming in ways she did not understand, but she knew that this was something very special, and she knew she wanted it to continue. She just didn't know how much more she could handle. 

Just at that moment, Aldwyn stilled his hands and raised his head. "Alicia," Aldwyn's voice trembled slightly, "Before this goes any further, I need to hear something from you. Are you sure this is what you want?"

Alicia's mind was swimming, barely comprehending the question. Primal instincts had replaced her reason. It took her a moment to collect herself to just form any words. "I-I-I wa-want..." she sighed, "I don't know... I-I've never done this before."

Aldwyn rested his forehead on her shoulder. He was silent for a moment. Alicia wondered, "What's wrong?"

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have..." There was genuine remorse in his voice.

"Why? What is it?" Alicia wondered if she had upset him.

"You are still virgin. I will not be the one to take that from you." His voice seemed to harden in resolution.

"But..." Alicia wanted to protest but she wasn't sure how or what to protest, "I... You... Please don't stop."

"I can't," Aldwyn's voice trembled again. All was quiet for a moment then Aldwyn added, "Perhaps... there is something."

"What?" Alicia asked curiously hopeful.

Deftly Aldwyn scooped Alicia up in his arms, stood and carried her over the ample bed. Aldwyn laid her on the bed ever so gently on her back, making sure her legs hung off the edge. Aldwyn knelt between her legs. She had no idea what was about to happen. 

It was an utterly bizarre sight to Alicia; this knight, a man of great power and strength kneeling before her, as though she were his superior. She had never felt like she was in a position of power before. Oddly it felt good, like everything so far. She did not resist the knight's advance.

As Aldwyn steeled himself for what he was about to do, he looked deep into Alicia's eyes. He signed, then placed his hands lightly on her calves, feeling the soft supple flesh against his palms. His hands gingerly glided over her skin, under the hem of her nightgown. His caresses continued up to her thighs. The firm and well toned muscles seemed to shiver as Alicia's breathing quickened. 

His hands roved to the slightly humid regions of her inner thighs. Alicia's shivers became more intense as did her breathing as his fingers came closer to the tightness that sat low in Alicia's belly. The sensations that Aldwyn was creating were driving Alicia mad with desire. She felt this urge to grab Aldwyn and pull him closer, but had no idea how or if that would help. 

Just as Alicia thought Aldwyn was about touch her in the most intimate of places, his hands diverged from their course and spread out over the top of her thighs, just at the crease of the hip. His hands swept over her petite hips and down her outer thighs as he leaned forward, bringing his head close to her lap. His hands retreated back down to almost where they started, but this time as his hands came back up, the hem of her nightgown came with them.

As Aldwyn's hands roamed back up the sides of Alicia's legs, she became exposed to him. She was horrified by the idea of being exposed in this way. She thought she would die of embarrassment but for reasons she didn't understand, she still did not resist Aldwyn's caresses. In fact when he reached her knees, she raised her hips off the bed, permitting him further access to her most intimate places. 

Aldwyn could see that Alicia was extremely aroused and that it wouldn't take much for her to reach her peak now, but he did not rush. He knew how to delay and intensify a woman's arousal for quite some time, and he wanted to make sure this was very pleasurable for her. He proceeded with his delicate caresses. 

He continued to push the nightgown up as his hands meandered up the flanks of her torso. He then began to kiss the top of her thighs. As his hands proceeded up, so did his kisses. When Aldwyn's fingertips touched the bottom row of Alicia's ribs, he paused. The particular spot of her thigh that Aldwyn had stopped on, he gently began to suck on it, dampening it slightly with his tongue, as his fingers dipped back under the nightgown. 

By now Aldwyn could easily smell Alicia's arousal. She was more than ready to receive him, and he was more than tempted by the thought, but quickly suppressed the urge. He planed to bring this young woman to her peak and that was it. Her virginity would remain intact. 
