 Paula felt her feet strike the ground with each stride. It was getting late and a storm was brewing over head; it was.... invigorating! 

She felt her pace quicken as her chest pounded with adrenaline. Thunder roared around her and she saw a streak of lightning illuminate the sky a far distance away. The wind picked up and pushed against her as she ran.

Paula was just thankful the wind was blowing her medium dirty blonde hair back behind her instead of in her face. 

The 22 year old panted as sweat dripped down her body and soaked her clothes. The skin was heated but with the cold wind picking up it made the wetness of her clothes raise her skin with goose bumps.

'Just a little bit more, you're almost there!' She urged on in her head. She was a local college girl trying to get back in shape. Her frame wasn't unpleasant and some would even argue it was down right out alluring.

With her medium sized ample chest, her thin waist with a softened tummy, her thick thighs that had a reasonable gap between them and most of all; her rounded rear with shapely hips.

However, like most women, she felt her body was inadequate and decided to aim for abs and an even bigger gap between her thighs.

Paula felt herself smile and pick up her feet as she saw her finish line; The tree that would mark her first mile long run. 

She had never been an active girl and even though one mile was easy to most, to her, it was like climbing Mt. Everest!

Paula finally reached the tree and slapped it with vigor. The blonde laughed as she sat back down on the ground next to it in an exhausted heap.

She tried to catch her breath and slowly sipped her water bottle.

'Well...That was tiring.' She mused as she watched the sky turn to night. She knew she should have probably made her way back to her apartment. It was about to rain and get dark in a matter of minutes but she was to tired to move.

'Just a few more minutes and then I'll make my way back to my apartment.' She thought as she felt for her phone and mace in her pocket.

She had those two things, so, what was there to worry about? 

Paula watched the sky as she admired the stars subtly peeking through the night.

Suddenly, she saw a twinkling in the sky, it slowly became brighter and she felt herself stare in awe. 

Was that a falling star?

She watched as it became brighter, and brighter and brighter until she had to cover her eyes from it's glare.

'What the Hell is that?! Is it...Is it coming towards me?!' She questioned with fear as the light became larger and she felt electricity rise in the air.

Panic set over her as she hurriedly stood and watched helplessly as the streak of light came barreling near her.

She let out a shriek as it came crashing down at the speed of light.

Paula covered her face and crouched low to the ground as she felt heat come from the sky and the ground shake.

She stayed in her position for a few moments, wondering if she was dead or not. But after a couple of seconds she uncovered her face to see she was perfectly fine if not a bit frazzled. 

However, her surroundings, were not. The trees around her were aflame and there was a giant crater leading to whatever had crash landed.

Paula instantly went to her phone to call the police but soon realized her phone was dead.

 

'What?! It was fully charged when I left the house!' 

She stuffed the useless device back in her pocket and looked around her.

....No one. Not even one other person was out. Sure she was in a more isolated part of town but surly someone had to have been home or in there car and saw the ball of light!

...What should she do? Should she go and see what had landed or try to run home?

Paula stood there and contemplated only for a few moments before feeling her sneaker clad feet draw near the source of the chaos.

All that could be heard were the flames on the trees and shrubbery sizzling and cracking, everything else was deathly silent. 

She walked towards the crater and couldn't believe her blue eyes...There was a meteor the size of a pick up truck in the ground! 

There was an eerie glow to it that lit the area around it in green and she felt a shiver run down her spine.

"What in the-" She felt herself utter before she gasped as she saw something move within the meteor. 

She quickly grabbed her mace and backed away cautiously.

However, the thing that moved in the meteor shot out at her like a bullet and gripped her by her ankle. It was long and was shaped like a snake with warm wetness coming off of it's skin.

She let out a scream as she tried running and kicking the thing wrapped around her leg for it to only grip her tighter and jerk, making her fall to the ground.

Paula reached for the grass around her as she started to be dragged back down into the giant hole.

'NO! No, No, No this isn't real, it can't be!' she exclaimed in her head as she was dragged across the rough ground.

She screamed for help the entire time but not an ounce of life showed itself in the empty and dark park.

Paula saw more slithering things coming from holes on the meteor. They looked like long thick...tentacles!

She stared in horror at her situation. The tentacles shot out much like the first one and griped each of her limbs. She kicked and swung her arms in an effort to pry them off to no avail.

Finally, she used the can of mace in her hand. She sprayed it directly at the tentacle and she heard a loud roaring noise coming from the meteor. It's now shriveled tentacle retreated into the meteor and she quickly went to spray it at the others.

However, a new tentacle, one that was bigger and with claw like spikes quickly came and slapped the can from her hand. It aggressively wrapped around her now empty arm and she hissed in pain as the needles pierced her arm through her jacket.

She trembled in fear at her helpless situation. Somehow the decision that seemed to be the wisest had been the most foolish as it pissed the...thing off.

Paula shrieked as it grabbed her jacket and started ripping it.

'What was it going to do?!' 

Eat her? Probe her? kill her? Body snatch her?!

 

She thrashed even harder as it jerked her jacket off and reveled her pink sports bra.

The cold air made her nipples harden through the material and sent shivers down her torso.

The painful tentacle grabbed her other arm harshly and brought both arms together above her head.

She whimpered and cried out as the spikes pierced her arms, however, it seemed like it didn't grip her as tightly and didn't force the spikes in her as much. 

She saw the tentacle that had had a hold of her arm snake it's way towards her waist.

She squirmed as it's slimy and smooth texture caressed her mid section making her sensitive skin flinch and her breath hitch.

It's appendage was surprisingly warm against her cold skin as it's moist tentacle rubbed her sides and stomach, circling her belly button and repeating.

She felt herself stiffen and gasp at the tickling sensation on her person and she tried prying herself free of it's grasp. 

The sharp tentacle holding her arms tightened and she cried out at the spikes pricking her skin.

She stopped her struggling as she seemed to get the point. The more she resiste, the deeper those spikes would go into her arms.

 

At this point, Paula realized that this thing wasn't planning on letting her go and even though she'd rather be anywhere but here with this creature, she wasn't about to have pain brought upon her when not necessary. 

'Paula, just calm down... Maybe if you stay still it will let you go!' She tried reassuring herself but deep down, she knew she wasn't being let go anytime soon. She didn't know what this thing had in store but she wasn't looking forward to it...

The tentacle caressing her stomach slithered up towards her breast. She felt herself gulp and tremble in fear as it started to rub her round mounds.

It's tentacle rubbed her through the material of her bra as her nipple became aware of the sensation upon them, rising and hardening to show through the cotton. 

Paula felt her face heat in embarrassment as it started ripping off her sports bra as well.

"N-No don't!" She begged but it was clear that it either didn't understand her or didn't care as it jerked hard against the piece of cloth. 

Her tits bounced about from being freed from there confines and the now ruined bra feel to the ground near the meteor.

Her boobs became enlarged from the cold and looked even rounder then what they already were.

The tentacle caressed the soft plump mounds and gently squeezed. 

Paula instinctively thrashed and the spikes went deep into her arms. She yelped in pain as blood trickled down her forearm.

The squeezing became harder and she felt slight pain at the once gentle tentacles now violent demonstrations. 

It obviously wasn't happy with her struggling and took it out on her as a sort of punishment. 

It harshly gripped her left nipple and pinched, twisted and pulled.

Paula's face clenched in pain and she felt herself struggling more in an effort to escape. 

It quickly gave the same treatment to her right nipple and she finally cried out in pain at her sensitive nubs being tormented.

However, she felt....Aroused as well. She was utterly ashamed to admit it but the rough man handling of her breast was sending shock waves straight to her groin.

She didn't have much experience sexually except for the rare make out sessions with a boyfriend or drunk girlfriend. So this, was something completely new and strange to her and though her pride and morals were enraged at the violation of her person, her body was begging for more.

The tentacle soon seemed to calm itself as it went back to gently rubbing her breast.

Paula saw as some sort of liquid seeped from the tentacle and formed in droplets on it's tip and sides.

She braced herself as the slime touched her and prepared for pain but was in awe as it created a tingling sensation on her skin.

The wetness circled each nipple and flicked the ends making each tit bounce and jiggle slightly.

Paula let out a low moan much to her shame and felt her panties grow damp.

The tentacle seemed to sense this as it dragged itself down to her clothed crotch. It lightly rubbed through her pants and teased her slit.

Paula felt herself begin to pant and her insides warm with arousal.

The tentacles switched around as the ones around her legs widened them and the free tentacle stretched out her sweatpants.

She watched helplessly as it ripped the pants and soon it left her in only her pink cotton panties.

The tentacle instantly headed for her outer lips as it teased her, creating a wet spot between her thighs.

Paula felt her hips buck unconsciously at the tentacles touch.

'Damn it Paula, stop it! You don't want this! It's a fucking alien or something!' She hissed out in her mind.

With one last effort she jerked her arms downward and yelled in pain as the spikes dragged across her skin.

She got her arms free and fell to hang from the tentacles around her legs. She scratched at them with her nails and one let go as the meteor made a hissing noise.

She was now hanging from just one tentacle and went to scratch the other when the sharp and 'punishing' tentacle lashed out at her and roughly grabbed her around her waist. 

She let out a scream as all the spikes pierced her stomach, sides, back and breast. It angrily jerked her up higher in the air and it's free tentacle ripped off her panties leaving her completely vulnerable.

She tried closing her legs but the tentacle was to nimble and easily got past her tightening thighs.

It whipped her snatch with the tip of it's tentacle and she let out a cry as her legs instinctively separated.

It showed no mercy as it roughly rubbed between her lips against her now pronounced clit and inner labia. It's slim tingling her slit and making her wetter with each rough motion.

Paula let out cries of both pain and pleasure at the rough treatment and soon found her hips rubbing equally hard against the tentacle.

Both entities rubbed and bucked against each other as they found a rhythm. Paula didn't want to do this and was disgusted but dear god did it feel good!

"Oh...Ah...Ohh...Yea..." She breathed out between pants as she felt her insides quiver and heat. 

Oh God...She was gonna-

Suddenly the tentacle pulled away and Paula looked at it in confusion and disappointment. She watched as it secreted more slimy liquid from it's tip and slowly crept to her entrance.

It teased her soaked entrance and she felt herself whimper in need.

The wet appendage slowly went in and out of her vaginal opening and created sloppy wet noises in it's wake. Her pussy tingled with each slicking noise emitted from the sensation creating slime. 

Paula felt her hips rotate and buck in an effort to get more of the tentacle in her and she let out a blissful cry as it granted her wish, slowly entering her yearning quim.

It circled her vagina, slithered in and out of her passage, tickled her frontal wall until Paula was a sweating and moaning mess. 

"Oh god! Oh god!...Please...Please!" She begged as it picked up it's pace and seemed to go even deeper.

The slippery limb stroked her cervix and went deeper then Paula had ever experienced before. She threw her head back and let out a loud mewl of pleasure as she saw stars.

The tentacle quickly retreated as her pussy contracted, robbing her of the mind blowing orgasm she could have had had it continued in it's teasing. 

Paula panted as she watched the tentacle retreat into one of the holes. Soon, the painful tentacle wrapped around her let her go and gently sat her down on top of the meteor.

She stiffened in fear at what was to come next and jumped when something started exposing itself from the hole.

She watched as a phallus shaped tentacle emerged and snaked it's way to her. She watched with hooded eyes as she took in it's size and how slippery wet it looked.

Her mind was telling her to run and that this might be her only chance but this thing, these tentacles just gave her the most amazing orgasm of her life! How could she leave now?!

She willingly spread her legs and rubbed her sensitive clit as the tentacle came towards her. It rubbed her entrance before easily making it's way past her dripping cunt and into her soaked and warm passage.

She let out a loud gasp as she felt herself being filled and spreaded open farther then ever before.

It slowly moved inside her until she started to rock back.

Paula felt her breast lightly bounce as the penis shaped tentacle started to desperately move in her.

"EH! OH! YES!!!" She screamed out as she felt herself coming undone.

Soon, the once retreated tentacles came back and began pleasuring there current lover. They flicked and rubbed her sensitive clit and sore nipples as she rode the appendage pounding into her.

It drove deeper and deeper in her until she felt herself begin screaming from the intense pleasure and slight pain. 

"OOOHHHHH!!! YYEEEESSSSS!!!" She howled out as she rode the make shift cock for all she was worth.

This time, as her walls contracted, the tentacle became damn near neurotic in it's activity.

It pounded her so hard it hurt, but at the same time, it hurt so good...

She felt herself cum again and again from being stretched and pounded so hard and long.

'How much longer can this thing last?!' She desperately thought as her legs shook like mad and her panting was turning into loud and harsh gasps.

Soon, it hit her frontal wall extremely hard as she shrieked a new.

Liquid shot from her abused cunt as it dripped down the shaft of her abuser.

Finally, after what seemed like an hour of being pounded mercilessly and stimulated beyond comprehension, the phallus shaped tentacle retracted.

Paula thought it was going to shoot cum of some sort from it's slit but at a closer look it was making...sucking motions?

She stared in wonder...Was that why it had fucked her for so long? It was some how absorbing her juices?! Why?

She limply sat a top the meteor as the penis shaped tentacle reluctantly retracted.

Paula wanted to get up and run knowing there was no way in Hell she could survive another sexual ordeal like that...But she was to exhausted to move.

She closed her eyes as she tried to catch her breath but jumped and squealed as something warm and wet slide across her sensitive lips.

The smaller tentacles had wrapped themselves around her waist as a long tongue emerged from the same hole as the penis.

"No...No please...I can't....I can't take...Anymore!" She gasped out as it gently lapped at her juices.

The pink abnormally long and thick tongue stroked her outer lips and thighs making sure to get ever ounce of cum she had expelled. She felt herself relax with every passing second as it gently and calmly cleaned her nether regions.

It gradually worked it's way to her entrance and inner lips and she let soft sighs and groans out as it lapped at her entrance.

She closed her eyes in a calming pleasure and let it continue it's work.

Until it suddenly plunged her down into the hole. She let out a surprised gasp as she felt suction being applied to her entire pussy.

She tried getting up but the suction was to strong and the other tentacles made sure to hold her hips down.

She felt her lips being suckled by some unknown thing and then her inner labia and finally her clit. 

Paula's mouth hung open as she silently shrieked from all the attention on her sensitive privates. It felt as if many mouths and tongues were sucking and lapping at her snatch at once. Making sure to suck her dry and devour her core and cunt with abandonment. 

The poor abused girl's head violently shook back and forth and she wiggled her hips in a desperate attempt at freedom. 

These actions and orgasms lasted for god knows how long until she heard something.

"Miss?" She heard a faint whisper and her eyes snapped open.

Paula awoke to find herself in the park, under the tree, at night with an officer above her.

She rose in alarm and quickly looked around her for the alien tentacle creature and the meteor.

"Miss? Are you alright? It's after hours in the park." He told her as she jumped up from her position and looked around her fearfully.

A dream?...She had been...dreaming? But it felt so real....

"Would you like a ride home or to the hospital?" He asked her and she shook her head.

"N-No thanks...I must have fallen asleep, I'll just...Head home now." She reassured. The officer looked at her skeptically but let her go as she made her way back to her house. 

Her head was dizzy as she got to her apartment and went straight for her shower.

She looked in the mirror and paled...If it was a dream...Why did she have pin prick like marks all over her? Why were her arms scabbed over from being scratched and most of all....Why did she feel sore and soaking wet between her legs?