 Marc had always been a misfit. He had always been the smartest kid in school and the best athlete in school. He was much taller and much more handsome than the others. 

He had also held back on his abilities to keep from drawing everyone's scrutiny. Most found him to be pleasant but reserved but he could be utterly charming when he felt the need to do so.He did attract girls and got laid regularly; his fuckmates adored his lovemaking, his control, and his attention. 

They hated his reluctance to commit. He was now twenty-six years old and had never had a girlfriend for more than three weeks.

At the age of twenty-two he had graduated with a PhD in Physics/Astronomy from a prestigious university. He had also won over a million dollars on a one time pull on a special slot machine in Vegas. Before he pulled the lever he knew he would win. He invested the cash and now had enough money to take him through two lifetimes.

He began to travel around the world on a quest, he intended to visit every major celestial observatory on Earth.

By then he had learned that stardom in sports or music or business or academia were not what he was searching for. He knew he did not want fame. The problem was he had no idea what he was searching for.

He learned the customs and history of the people he met on his travels and made many friends and had a few lovers, all missed him when he left each destination. He remembered each and every one he had a conversation with and had mentally tagged many for further visits but did not know why he did that. He did know all of those people were very smart, very talented, and very pleasant. The kind of people he would like as neighbors.

Some thought he was from a royal house, a few asked him to remember them "when the time comes."

"I will always remember you," he had always answered, and he did.

He had also had some very strange encounters. In Singapore he met an old man called Mr. Wu that after several hesitations asked him to come and visit him at home and have dinner with him. Marc accepted and learned his house was on the second story of a busy restaurant. He was met at the door by a young lady that said to him, "This way please your highness."

He corrected her saying he was just an astronomer from Vancouver but followed her. The home was very well appointed and it was obvious the man was very rich. 

Mr. Wu and his family greeted him warmly and with respect. Dinner was sumptuous and he enjoyed it very much. After dinner the old man took him to a large room that was full of pre-teens and teenagers. He said, "These are my children although I am the father of just two, the girl that escorted you up and the one wearing the school uniform. 

The others are orphans, abandoned children. All of them will be very helpful in any endeavor. All have brilliant minds. All are good people."

He was introduced to the sixteen teens and pre-teens and he had to agree with the old man, the kids were special. After he visited with each they left the room until only the young woman that had escorted him remained.

"Follow me please," she said. 

Her name was Jing Li and was gorgeous, in her early twenties, and a bit taller than her father. She was still treating him as if he was royalty.

She took him to what appeared to be her bedroom. She made herself nude then undressed Marc. She made love to him. He made love to her. She had been a virgin and had not expected pleasure but he made sure she had enormous pleasure and a memorable first fuck. 

Afterwards as they cuddled she said, "Our children will be special. They will make you proud. I will wait for you until you return."

He said nothing but understood he may have made her pregnant but also knew that if the opportunity presented itself he would see her again.

He made love to her a second time, which made her proud. He took her to several more orgasms that made her grateful. After another cuddling kissing session he left her asleep in bed, dressed and went in search of her father.

He thanked Mr. Wu for his hospitality. The old man wanted to hug him but couldn't. So Marc hugged him and praised him for rescuing the children.

Several of his lovers were secure in their knowledge she was pregnant with his child. None of them were showing or had children even though for some women it had been well over six years since they last made love. 

He had suspected it was a ploy to have him commit to them but none had asked him to marry her and none seemed to expect him to help with her child. In fact all any of them had asked him to do was remember her.

He visited with Jing Li twice more and had stayed with her at her apartment. She was now the executive chef at her father's restaurant. He had become her souse chef on each trip. 

They had fucked often during the time he was there and although eight months had passed between his visits she was still convinced she was pregnant.

He had revisited with the children, all had working shifts at the restaurant after school. He got them eight fine chess sets and brought each a book he thought they would enjoy ranging from science fiction to engineering. 

All got books full of math puzzles. Many of the books were in English with a few in other languages. Two boys came to him with completed math puzzle books the same day they received them. They were brothers and the oldest one said, "My brother finished first but I did not need him to help me on any of them." 

The pride he had in himself and in his brother was palpable. Each book had one hundred problems and Marc checked their answers and pointed out three errors in the older one's book and one in the younger one's. The younger one's book was in Spanish, the elder's was in French. 

Both were crestfallen when he pointed out the errors, but Marc said, "The problems were not with your math but with the language, you misinterpreted the question. Amazing work considering neither language is your own."

Both preened with pride when he praised them. That evening he brought each adventure novels in Spanish and French.?

On his quest he charmed everyone in each observatory into allowing him to use the instruments and made sure they remembered him with a smile. He had visited the JPL lab for two weeks and made good friends and had an exceptional lover there. 

She was older than he and an avowed Lithuanian lesbian but was his most energetic lover. She also had a brilliant mind that would interpret data before others realized there was important data to decipher.

He had stayed with her for ten of those days which was second only to Jing Li

At the Lab he was allowed to listen in on their communications with each spaceship and was given the codes to be able to pick it up on his laptop. He was very interested in the Voyagers but the time frame during which they tuned in to them was not when he was there. Budget cuts had made the time to visit with those space ships rare. They did supply him with the schedule before he left and the means to tune in when they did.

He had made useful suggestions to the people at each observatory and all thought of him as a brilliant colleague. 

But when he finished the observatory quest he felt he was just adrift, no experience had felt like the end of his search. He had searched the Americas, Australia, Asia, and Africa thinking he would find something. As it turned out what he was looking for was a someone.

He was on his second trip to Europe, his first as a tourist. He had spent two weeks in Portugal and Spain and was on his second week in Italy. He was sitting in the Duomo in Milan watching people go by as he drank a beer. 

He liked people watching and it often got him laid. He was sitting across the way from a McDonald's trying to guess the nationality of those going in.

Suddenly he felt a presence behind him and turned to look. A woman was staring at him with intensity. They looked at each other, frozen in place for several moments until he stood and pulled out a chair for her. Both had big grins as she walked to him.

They kissed. It was the kiss of long time lovers. They sat and for several moments they just stared at each other. Finally she spoke to him in Russian. He spoke to her in English. They understood each other perfectly. They had studied each other's language intensely but had also studied five other languages, the same five other languages they would later learn.

The waiter approached the table and she ordered red wine in Italian and he ordered another beer but Italian was not one of the languages they knew well so they continued their conversation in French.

Her name was Natalia and her life had been the mirror image of Marc's including winning a large cash prize four years earlier. Over time her sex partners had become mostly women, men had left her unsatisfied but she already knew this man would not.

A gorgeous redhead that made you smile would describe her perfectly. She was tall with fine breasts and a fine ass. She had a gorgeous grin and a melodic voice. He loved her giggles and her freckles. He really loved her large green eyes.

She loved his grin, his deep voice, his caramel colored eyes and his thick black hair. She loved how he gently touched her.

Each wondered why they had not met before. During their conversation it had become obvious to them that they had been searching for each other for years and had been in the same place at the same time often. 

Yet they did not meet at a Melody concert they had attended in his hometown of Vancouver in October of the previous year. Of course that would have been catastrophic since both were on dates with sexy blonde women. 

They had not met in a Costa Rica vacation each had taken early that year. They had each taken their Mom's. In fact they had been at ten identical places around the world at about the same time during the last four years but had never met. Most of the time one was leaving as the other arrived.

"It's like something or someone was keeping us apart until now," Natalia said.

"That is exactly right," a lady said to them as she sat at their table. The language she had used was Spanish and their conversation continued in that language. 

She was a very pretty woman, small with black hair and very white skin. Marc and Natalia assumed her to be in her late twenties to early thirties. Both adored her immediately.

The woman continued, "You both needed to get those many travel experiences out of the way before you were allowed to meet. Your life would have become centered on each other otherwise and the people and places that made you think would not have been noticed. 

You had me working interference often; the most of any couple although your best friends were somewhat close.

"May we assume we have not met our best friends yet?"

"Correct, they met each other yesterday. You two are my last. Call me Carmen. You will not need to get married, for all practical purposes you already are. You have the next three nights in Milan to make love; you already have train passes for all of Europe so may I suggest day trips to Florence and Venice?" 

The waiter came by their table and Carmen ordered a red wine. Marc ordered refills on Natalia's and his drinks.

Carmen continued, "I placed the brochures to the Duomo on your dressers before you got here. I followed Natalia when she came this way.

You have a meeting with others like you the Monday after next in Vienna. Your hotel has booked both of you in the same room as man and wife. Your hotel floor will have only your peers, make friends."

"Mom, who are we meeting?"

"The chief and our sponsors, and don't call me Mom," she said with a big grin.

"Yes, Mom," Marc and Natalia said.

"You two are such bad children."

"But we love you."

"Which is as it should be."

The three laughed and drank their drinks. Natalia asked Carmen, "What is the meeting about?"

"You will learn about yourselves as well as your assignments after that," she answered.

Natalia and Marc tried to get more information but all they got out of her was that there were going to be ten couples at the meeting. 

Natalia gave her a nice pout that mesmerized and pleased Carmen and Marc but except for the kisses she got it did not work. 

Carmen told them to just enjoy their honeymoon; they had eleven days and all of Europe for themselves.

Soon Carmen finished her wine and stood to leave. Marc and Natalia kissed her on the lips before she left then after paying their bill left for their hotel.

They were not surprised to discover they had adjoining rooms in the same hotel. They went into her room, got naked and went to bed.The first thirty minutes were spent with kisses, caresses and conversation, mostly kisses. Somewhat different things on their travels had fascinated them but they shared a fascination with people and a strong leaning towards the sciences. 

Hers were geology, volcanology and tectonics. She joked he had spent his life looking up and she had spent hers looking down so they most likely walked right past each other often.

"No chance of that, today I could feel you were there when you were ten meters away."

Natalia smiled and kissed him, he kissed her. He did not touch her breast until he began to kiss them. She was more than ready for him to love her tits by then. He could hear her purr.

Ten minutes later he kissed his way to her pussy rubbing his face on her red pubic hair as he went by. She had an orgasm as soon as the tip of his tongue made contact with her clit; it had felt like an electric shock to Natalia. He gently loved and devoured her pussy to several orgasms until she pulled Marc up to her.

His cock slid into her pussy as he kissed her lips and she had another orgasm. He began a slow fuck and she felt his cock increase in size with every stroke until her pussy was full then the fuck became frantic. 

Natalia began to groan into orgasms and she nearly lost control of her body. Marc had to pin her down until her last orgasm began to wane then took a few more long hard strokes and released his sperm packet into her. He rolled them over putting her on top. They paused until they regained their breath. They kissed. 

But Natalia knew it was not over, his cock was still hard.

She began a slow intermittent fuck with many pauses for kisses and more conversation.

"What is today?" Natalia asked.

"The second of May. Why do you ask?"

"It's our wedding day. It is also the first day of our real life and after next week we begin our real career. Why did we call Carmen Mom?"

"I don't know but it felt right even though she is not old enough to be our mother. She was neither surprised nor upset we did. It could be we know her from our early childhood. My memories only go back to when I was three. I know I was adopted."

"Humm, same here, I grew up in Penza by the way."

"Rally? That was on my list for this trip, I expected to be there in nine weeks."

"Well now you don't need to go, I'm here."

Natalia gave him a long deep kiss and herself a small orgasm.

After a pause she said, " I don't feel like Carmen is our real mother. If she were she would not have encouraged us to fuck. Speaking of the fuck, that was the best of my life, thank you."

"It was mine too. Anytime you want one please help yourself."

"Thank you. Expect me to take advantage of your offer often. In fact now would be good."

She began a long session in which both came close to orgasms but held them back.

"Why are you holding back on your cums?" Marc asked her.

"It will make the last one huge. Don't be concerned if I pass out. Hey, it just crossed my mind we are crazy in love with each other."

"You are right about that," Marc said.

They kissed and fucked until Natalia had her earthshaking orgasm during a pause to kiss. Marc held her to him until she was past her climax then a few moments later his second sperm packet was released into her.

"We have twins," Natalia drowsily said with a happy smile then went to sleep. 

Both knew she was pregnant and both knew they would be twins, a boy and a girl. It did not occur to either to wonder how they knew that, they just accepted it with joy.

Marc kissed her neck as he caressed her ass and followed her into sleep.

When they woke up an hour later they showered and dressed for an Opera in La Scala. They were only mildly surprised to see that they had tickets to adjoining seats. 

"We probably need to thank Mom for this," Natalia said. 

After a very enjoyable performance of Tosca they decided to go to dinner, which in Italy can be a long drawn out affair. They went to a restaurant near the Duomo that was not as well known as others in that area but had the most excellent food.

The girl at the hotel desk had seemed proud and upset she had pointed them there, she was supposed to give them the name of a more upscale place but she couldn't lie to them. Natalia praised her honesty and kissed her cheek before they set out. 

During dinner Natalia and Marc called their foster Mom's and told them they had met their spouse and had met Carmen. Their Mom's were very exited, very pleased and congratulated them on the start of their new life. 

Natalia and Marc could tell their Mom's were crying so they reminded each that they loved them then exchanged phones and told their new mother's in law the same.

All four smiled for the rest of their evening.

Natalia ate like a starving fat man and finished every bit of the five-course dinner. Marc asked, "Are you sure there are only two in there?"

She gave him the finger, which he promptly slurped into his mouth. They had a marvelous meal and really enjoyed each other's company. They had fun.

They admitted to an older tourist couple from Spain that they were indeed newlyweds and thanked them for their well wishes. It was not until then that they realized they had been speaking Spanish since Carmen sat with them. 

Then suddenly realized they had also spoken in Spanish to both Moms.

They wanted to stroll around the Duomo but they were too eager to get back to bed and fuck. They kissed the hotel clerk on her cheeks as they went past her then they fucked slowly for an hour, got their usual five hours of sleep, then fucked for another hour before venturing out for breakfast a bit before six AM.

They had already learned their choices for breakfast were limited at that hour of the morning so Claudia suggested they eat breakfast in Florence. He thought that was a great idea and they took the train. 

They ate a panino for brunch at a small bistro near the train station in Florence then walked into the historical district. They were fascinated by the art at the Piazza de la Signora and toured Galileo's museum and the Uffizi museum.

They realized Carmen had been right; they never had a conversation with anyone except each other.

After some shopping they took the return train back to Milan and managed a quick fuck and a nap in their compartment.

Back in Milan they strolled around and ended up enjoying a very satisfying dinner at the previous nights restaurant. They told the restaurant manager that their hotel desk clerk Ana had recommended them even though she was supposed to recommend another. The manager said he would see that she got rewarded.

After dinner they walked around the Duomo area for a couple of hours. They stepped into some shops and some high fashion houses. At a famous designer house Natalia bought a 'going out dancing with my husband' dress. Marc bought a very well tailored black sport coat at the famous men's fashion store for 'when I am showing off my wife'. 

Back at the hotel they loved each other until they enjoyed very fine orgasms then sleep welcomed them.

The next morning they took an early train to Venice and once there got semi lost often as they meandered the streets and alleys. They walked into shops and got some gelato and took pictures. They got souvenir shirts and kissed often.
