 Chapter2

Who They Are

The man that claimed he was Jor El allowed Carmen to take the podium with an amused smile on his face. 

She gently swatted his butt before saying, "His real name is Jordan Ellis, he thinks of himself as Superman's father and thinks of you as supermen and superwomen. He also has an atrocious sense of humor. Call him Chief, or Dad if you wish, he is my husband. Both of us are ecologists; we know this planet well. 

Several years ago Jordan and I were on our honeymoon in Brazil when we were abducted by two aliens called the Protectors. 

Well, abducted is the wrong term, they invited us into their flying house and we went in.

Carmen paused and looked at each in the eyes.

The peers could easily tell when someone was not telling the truth. They all felt chills when they realized Carmen was telling the truth.

Carmen continued, "They took us to a bigger house and we met other couples there. They showed us that they saw a catastrophe coming to our planet and were collecting men and women as breeding stock in an effort to save our species. 

Jordan and I pointed out that humans were not the only species that needed saving and that it would be better if we had a shelter on Earth to protect a colony of life. 

They indicated they would try to save some species but that their priority was saving humans.

Each day, three times a day we were encouraged to fuck. A few of us fucked more often than that but eventually some stopped fucking completely and were taken home. 

During those first few months in semi-captivity Jordan and I did our best to produce children but were unsuccessful. That was true of the others that remained. 

The aliens could not communicate directly with us but apparently could understand us. Jordan and I made friends with them but we were the only ones that did, the others could not get past the alien part of their being.

I had commented to the Protectors that picking random couples was not the best way to insure a viable human race, two of the remaining couples included a bully prone to violence and five were well below average intelligence. 

Eight seemed to tell nothing but lies to aggrandize themselves. Three whined about everything and another three were assured of their misplaced superiority over others

."The human race they would produce would be just like them," I said.

They understood what I said and apparently acted on it, the next day those couples were gone.

In the end there were just twelve couples left out of the fifty couples they had captured. During that time the others and the Protectors began to look at me and treat me as a leader.

The lack of success in us getting pregnant made the Protectors very nervous and they tested all of us and concluded that the planet they had planned to take us to would not be suitable. Ozone level was the problem."

All the peers gasped and one asked, "Are the Protectors here?"

"Yes," answered Dad. "You will meet both after our session."

The peers were grinning, they had just realized that they were embarking into a most excellent adventure.

Carmen continued, "The Protectors then agreed that shelters on Earth would be better but they wanted to have as many people saved that would produce a sustainable population with a large variety of genes. They decided the minimum number for humans was two thousand but the shelters will hold twenty times that number. 

The sustainable numbers for the ten thousand species of plants and animals that will be protected varies from twenty-two for elephants, rhinos and most plants to two hundred for some birds, fish, and insects. The selected plants and animals have already been harvested and placed on the shelters.

Jordan and I trained ten couples in ecology and they have been on our shelters for two years. They will be our wildlife rangers. The other couple asked out of the program and returned to their families.

We made up the list of species and designed the ark for them and it includes every pollinator, every seed dispenser and the necessary predators to keep the ratios balanced. 

We also included the most spectacular life forms on Earth. 

We did not include any pathogenic organisms for any plant or animal species selected. No mosquitoes, fleas or ticks. We did not include any species that would see a human child as prey.

The only species to have races protected is homo sapiens."

Carlos asked, "Which species of plants and animals are being saved?"

Dad answered, "We will have a disk with all of them for you. And yes, the Puerto Rican parrot, tree frog, manatee and iguana were selected."

Carlos nodded with a big grin on his face.

Dad continued, "Some species such as rice, corn and wheat are in harvestable quantities. Some like strangler figs are few and far between but in sustainable numbers. There will be pig, chicken, lamb and fish farms. The cattle are all milk cows and their three bulls.

Our environment will be very interesting and colorful but the main objective is to save the human species. You however are not Homo sapiens."

Dad paused to allow that thought to sink in. 

The peers were not too surprised, they knew they were different.

Mom continued, "You were biologically engineered using his sperm and my eggs as guides and the actual sperm and eggs from what was your home countries earliest dominant race but those genes were modified to provide you your bodies, which is why you are about two meters tall from races that never came close to that height. 

You only vaguely look like your designated race because you also carry genes from every race that has not become extinct. One of those races was down to twenty-seven individuals; one race was down to one single woman. You ladies here carry her DNA strand in your mitochondria so in a manner of speaking that woman will live forever.

All of you remember just parts of your life until you were about to graduate from high school then you remember everything after that."

Dad took over and said, "You spent your first six weeks in incubators and were moved out of that one at physical age of three in your development. You were placed with one of the foster mothers at various places on Earth for seven weeks during which time you were imprinted with your homeland. 

All your mothers are teachers and know what you are by the way.

You were then placed in different incubators for another six weeks then returned to your foster mother when you appeared to be seven years old. You stayed with them seven weeks and attended school during that time like the average human does. 

That was when you understood who you were and that was when you decided to agree with your Mom and hide your abilities.

After that period you were back to the incubators until you were physically twelve years old, back to the foster mom and to school for seven weeks. 

Some of you allowed too much of your abilities to show and may have enjoyed it or may have regretted it. We know some of you received taunts and challenges. We know two of you had to fight.

Fortunately you had another identity left.You went back to the incubator then finally allowed to live your life after you had the development of someone seventeen. 

That was when you got your current identity. You were home until you graduated from high school and went off to college from there.

Up to then it appeared to others your foster mother had a succession of children to care for but although you knew better you never told anyone otherwise. You were in a different school each time and all of you were always the new kid so you were slow to make friends.

Your memories from then up until now are actual memories. Those of the previous years are mostly implanted but fit with the seven-week intervals of real memories you have. That is true for most humans anyway.

Your designers programmed you to be healthier and more intelligent than humans ever get. You have perfect memory and perfect bodies.Your rapid aging stopped at the age of twenty-three and you are now aging at a slower rate than normal." 

Mom said, "Ellis and I were also in the incubators. We felt we needed to learn the languages of Earth and we needed specific knowledge of the plan so we volunteered. The pods that could accommodate us were the last one you were in.

After a bit of minor surgery Ellis and I went into the incubators at the age of twenty-eight and after six weeks we came out at the physical age of twenty-three. A year later we had not aged any discernible amount time. After five years we had aged two years.

Ellis and I look and feel like we might be thirty years old but Ellis is fifty-seven years old. I am fifty-eight."

The peer applauded her and several of the women jumped up and kissed her hard. They had spent the morning ravishing her and it never occurred to any of them she might be over thirty.

After the ladies settled down Carmen continued. "Your foster mothers also went into incubators specifically built for them. While in it they learned all about you and your jobs. They learned the languages you speak and were provided with the health they have. Their age progression has also slowed down.

You call me Mom because I was the one that returned you to your foster mothers each time you came out of the incubators. Coming out of them makes you a zombie for about a day which is why you do not have solid memories of me.

"Marc asked, "Did our knowledge come during the time we were in the incubators?"

"Yes," Dad answered. "By the physical age of three all of you knew the languages you have. That's why you speak each without an accent. That is why I stick to English and Carmen sticks to Spanish, we have detectable accents in the other languages. By the way my accent is from England where I was born."

Several chuckled with a 'Duh' at that remark; he sounded just like John Cleese.

Dad looked around the room as if confused by the reaction before continuing,"By the time you were nine you knew and understood the physical and chemical sciences, by thirteen the biological sciences, by seventeen you had areas of expertise and understood humans as far as they can be understood. You are all excellent psychologists."

He said that just as John Cleese would have in a skit.

A small pause for smiles later Claudia said, "We are pregnant. May we assume we will have teenagers in less than a year?"

"Yes and No." Mom answered. "The ten ladies here are the first to be inseminated normally, well as normal as it can be for you. Your children will be extracted in three to five weeks and placed in incubators. One difference between you and them is that none of your children will have any chromosomal adjustments; they will truly be your children. 

The other important difference is that they will not come out of the incubators until their physical age is sixteen; that will take twenty-one weeks. They will be intelligent adults within a year after that. 

They each have specific tasks to learn and manage. You will be unlikely to meet them for at least a year. You will still be on assignment when they leave for their training off planet.

If you wish we can tell you who they are and how they are doing. If you wish we can teach them who their parents are while in the incubator. We will have time to cover all that in private later.

All of you will have a boy and a girl. You will be pregnant again in twenty-four weeks with a boy and a girl again and they will also have specific tasks to perform. 

All your children will marry the children of others here. If you have preferences as to whose children please let us know during our private talk.

As you already suspected you were engineered as couples, each male is seven weeks older than his wife. Rudihi and Para are the oldest, Marc and Natalia the youngest.

When you hear that a couple was made for each other in your case it is literally true." 

All gave a silent "Ah ha," as they remembered that Rudihi was listed first in the brochure roster and Natalia was listed last.

Hu and Claudia, Jim and Mizuki and Carlos and Moesha also noted that the youngest eight had the rooms to the left of the elevator. They also noted they were the first to arrive in Vienna.

They also wondered who had the last two rooms on their side.

Dad continued, "The wives will never be able to become pregnant by anyone but their husbands, your genitals imprinted with each other as soon as you became pregnant. However the men will be capable of impregnating other women up until the time we are in shelter then only their wives for the remainder of their lives; which will easily exceed one hundred years for all of you.

Also, every woman the men here have ever had sex with is pregnant with his children. The embryos will not begin development for nine years, if the woman is still alive then. All will give birth to twins, a boy and a girl. If you wish to find some or all of your sex partners and try to save them there will be room for them in the shelters. 

The ones you invite to live with us will have their embryos begin to develop immediately in the order in which they were impregnated.

The children they have will be more than human but less than you. Your genes will be dominant and those children and their children will carry most of your genes forward. In three generations they will become Homo superioris and likely the most numerous people on Earth."

Mom continued, "As all of you have already realized recreational sex among the women is encouraged. Sexual contact between the men is accepted. Swapping has been left up to the individual couples and is also accepted, as are consensual extramarital flings with prior approval from their spouse.

There are no sexual taboos except for those between mother and sons, fathers and daughters and brothers and sisters.Anything or anyone else, like your foster Moms, is good but it is good manners to ask first.

We suggest you ladies join your husbands in bed when he is doing the necessary work. I am sure all of the ladies here will find the women delici... hum, pleasant company.

Any questions about who you are?" Mom asked.

"Yes, do we have free will?" Rudihi asked Dad.

"Good question, Dad answered, " No one is actively controlling your thoughts but all of you were given nearly the exact same education so it should not be a surprise if all of you think alike and behave alike. 

The only differences in your educations are from the seven-week intervals you spent at home and in your fields of expertise. 

All of you have a greater degree of inner peace than anyone else on the planet, which allows you to live and let live. Happy is your default mood. 

You have no prejudices and can therefore make accurate assessments of the people around you.

You are not at all violent but can defend yourself with expertise. You can also calm down violence around you with your voice and presence. Those that do not calm down are defective people and you may do what is necessary to neutralize them, except kill them.

You are not capable of killing.

Now you know you're not the only one in the world like you, which is comforting. Other than that you are all on your own like everyone else on the planet."

"Are there going to be others like us?" Mizuki asked.

"No. The incubators we were in have been returned and destroyed. The templates used to create you have also been destroyed. By the way, none of you may be cloned; your cells disintegrate if not at work in your body.

The new sets of incubators for your children have been delivered and are now being calibrated. That is happening at a clinic in Zurich, which is why those of you that have been there found yourselves staring at that building.

After your two sets of progeny develop the incubators will be sent back and new ones will be placed on the shelter for the development of the children you keep. There will be twenty, three-week incubators. 

Those incubators will accelerate the child's development and you will have teenagers in six years and adults in twelve. 

The decision whether to allow your children with others or your grandchildren to develop in them has not been made. 

After the last sets of children come out the incubators the incubators themselves will be sent back and like the others will be destroyed. 

The incubators were designed and built by a third race of peoples. No more will be built as the Federation prohibits genetic engineering. We had special dispensation because of our emergency. You will be the only genetically engineered people ever which is why you are not in the classification system.

Any other questions? No? Then take a fuck, err short break and be back in forty minutes."

"How many women have you impregnated?" was the first question each wife asked her husband. The answers ranged from two thousand sixty seven from Marcel to three hundred and thirty four from Jim. Marc's number was three hundred ninety four. Hu's number was three hundred eighty three. Small numbers for eight years worth of fucking they thought.

So did their wives. 

The wives admitted to a much higher numbers of women they fucked and in fact the husbands realized their wives already had more pussy than they ever would. 

For most of the wives the number of men was less than twenty. Natalia, Claudia, Mizuki and Moesha had not bothered with men in years. 

Three women had fucked more than one hundred men. One had fucked over five hundred, Sonia. She liked to fuck.

"Are we going to save any of the mothers of your children?" was the next question.

The answers ranged from probably not from Rudihi and Aadi, to maybe a few from Mauro and Mariano and Marcel, and all we can from Darren, Carlos, Jim, Hu, and Marc. 

Half of the couples ended that conversation and began to fuck.The next question to those last five was, "How many of them do you know where they are? We have to find them first."

Those answers ranged from many from Darren, nearly all from Carlos, Marc and Hu. Jim knew where all of them were. His sex partners lasted an average of six weeks and he had remained friends and occasional fuck buddies with each of them. 

Hu and Marc confessed to have had sex with perhaps nine women whose name they never knew but remained friends with the vast majority of their partners. 

Carlos did not know the name of more than just a few but would try to find all he remembered. Carlos was the only one of the five to have joined a college fraternity. There were many nameless fucks.

Darren knew the names of just under half of the women he had fucked. His foster Mom had a younger brother that used him for bait to attract women for both of them. 

They had been very successful. 

For him single time fucks were the norm. His number had been nine hundred twenty three, second to Marcel.

For each their sex partners were scattered across the globe. In fact Jim had one that lived in Vienna. They had first met and fucked in London.

Half of the couples fucked for thirty-five minutes and returned to the meeting. The other half began the search for the mother of their future children and returned twenty three seconds late.

They apologized.

Dad asked, "Questions anyone? No?

OK, now about the catastrophe."