 Jim Flanagan opened his eyes, let out a low whistle and glanced at his at his quivering penis. , "This last one almost blew my knees out."

Sitting up from his bed, Jim couldn't help but marvel at the small rivulets of cum streaking down his tanned legs. Mini lakes of glistening cum, disappearing after reaching each pant opening bunched around Jim's ankles, then, reappearing shortly, to pool around his designer tennis shoes. 

"Damn," Jim struggled to stand on his wobbly legs. "...seems like this is more than I jetted last time."

Shoving his cum-soaked underwear to the side of his bed, Jim bent to take a closer look at the growing stain in his Berber carpeting and smiled. "Yep, I was right." He muttered to no one in particular, "...that's about a cup right there!"

Cleaning up his spunky spill, Jim's smile faded as he begin to think about his growing "problem."

Throwing the cum-drenched paper towels in his bathroom waste bin, Jim made a mental note to ask the doctor just what the hell was going during his appointment today. 

Glancing at his phone on his desk, Jim muttered to himself, "Three calls from the doctor already. "And he sprinted toward the shower.

As he showered, Jim took special care NOT to touch his semi-flaccid dick, washing quickly instead then dressing in a nice pair of designer jeans and a navy blue shirt. 

Glancing at himself in the mirror, Jim grinned as he remembered the doctor had said blue was her favorite color. It was Cassie's favorite shirt too. 

Maybe wearing this shirt might get me some action on both ends. 

Picking up his keys, from the small table in the foyer, Jim hurried out his apartment door. 

 

Pulling in front of the doctor's office, Jim smiled as he sprinted up the cobbled path, though he tried not to. 

Alicia Kennedy was not his regular physician but was helping out as Jim's regular physician, a man who taken care of Jim since he was a teen, who was recovering from a small stroke. 

Tall and olive-skinned, Doctor Kennedy had the kind of body not easily hidden under a lab coat. Since the first time she'd smiled at him, Jim found himself looking into her almond-shaped eyes, whenever he closed his. After that, an erection was always imminent. 

Just like the one he had now, as he lay on the table and watched the doctor across the small room.

"Well Jim, let's have a quick look and see what's going on under the sheet today, uh, to see how much your semen volume has grown since our last visit, of course." The doctor turned toward Jim, giving him a small smile as she adjusted the latex gloves she was wearing. Jim thought it was one of the sexiest smiles he had ever seen and so did his dick, apparently because Jim could feel the sheet around it began to rise. 

Boy was she in for a surprise!

Jim lay back and let out a soft moan as the doctor's hands slipped underneath the sheet, and began traveling down his thigh. 

"Just lay back Jim. Let me do all the work." 

Jim could feel that familiar heat he knew so well began to spread from hi navel to his rectum as the warmth of the doctor's supple hands reached his rock-hard dick.

"Ummmmm..." Jim's moans began to get louder as warm fingers traveled down the length of his shaft, tenderly massaged his balls and moved toward his rectum.

Jim held his breath as the doctor's well-lubed fingers circled his rectum, while the doctors; other hand increased its grasp his now-throbbing dick

"Let the feeling carry you Jim" The doctor was saying, from somewhere in the room. And she slowly inserted her finger in his ass.

Jim felt his dick grow harder, longer even, and he started thrusting his hips toward the doctor's insistent hands.

The sudden hot breath of the sexy physician wafting around the head of his dick caused Jim to lose suddenly lose control and he grabbed the sides of the examination table.

"Oh shit, doc, I'm gonna shoot my load!"

"Yes, Jim, give it all to me. Explode in my hands!" The doctor's words carried Jim over the edge and, lifting his ass off the table, Jim began to eject thick ropes of white goo all over the doctor's lab coat, drenching her from the top of her head to the point on her small chin. Jim could feel the warm cum pooling underneath has ass, and a small stream flowing over his hands that still gripped the sides of the table, as it made its way to the floor. 

Jim kept his eyes closed as the laws few waves of pleasure swept over him. 

"Jim, are you okay?"

The doctor's soft voice gently prodded him from his thoughts and Jim opened his eyes.

The beautiful doctor's almond-shaped eyes were trained on Jim's cum-covered dick and she licked her lips. 

Jim almost smiled but controlled himself as he pulled himself up on his elbows. "I'm fine doc. A better question is, how are you?" Peering at her not mentioning to her that there was cum in her bangs.

"I'm good. Wow, you're weren't joking! That's a lot of semen. That's amazing! "Then she stared at Jim and asked, "What does your girlfriend say?" 

Pulling himself up straight, Jim shifted so his dick was out of the doctor's reach. "She's not really that concerned but she also doesn't know that the amount of cum I can shoot has doubled since we were last together. "

On the doctor's face was a strange look of intrigue and she glanced at Jim's dick under hooded eyes for w moment.

Feeling his dick start to awaken, Jim hopped off the table and reached for his clothes. 

The doctor seemed to snap back to an official demeanor, and clearing her throat "Mr. . Flanagan, I'm looking at my notes here and you said that your volume of ejected semen has doubled since our last visit, correct?"

"Correct." Jim turned around and faced the doctor, fully dressed. "And this would be around the time that you administered my third "vitamin" shot as you called it. Let's talk about that shall we doc?" Jim moved a little closer to her

The doctor shifted her weight to her other foot, nervously. "Sure Mr. Flanagan, we will, but first...have you made an appointment with the sperm clinic I referred you to last week?"

"You mean the one you're affiliated with." Jim grabbed his keys from the examination table, snatched open the door and walked quickly down the hall.

"Mr. Flanagan, wait! We must make another appointment before you leave today! This is a very serious situation."

Without looking back, Jim said, Thanks doc. I'll be giving you a call real soon! But right now, I'm late for a date with my girl!"

And he smiled as the last words of the doctor, drifted through the door after him,

"I make house calls!"