 * second episode of PENUMBRIALS, this time the team tries to prevent another crime from happening.

*

01 - Dangerous Art

Dormin sat back down at the lounge table where they had dinner earlier, after he'd retrieved a new bottle of liquor from the ship's store. 'Any results from Ismene?' he asked and filled the waiting empty glasses.

Terry put down her tablet. 'Nothing conclusive yet. She's still searching around for connections between the clues we gave her.'

Ourania unfolded a map of the city. 'Let's mark all the places Elyssa and her people were talking about. Maybe we can spot a clue in there.'

'Good thinking.' said Dormin and gave her a smile. 'I was about to ask if we had a map.'

She smiled down at the table and stroked her thigh and her tail curled around her leg when a warm sensation flowed gently through her.

Terry read the list of known and possible locations Ismene had put together while Ourania and Adalet marked them in different colours to set them apart.

Adalet tapped the location of the subway works. 'It would be most logical for the target to be around there.' She tapped the location of roadworks at major roads and a highway in the area. 'If they think about causing a blackout in the city the resulting mess would slow down traffic and keep law enforcement busy and they can use the closed roads to get away faster.'

Dormin nodded. 'So what's around there that's interesting?'

'Art dealers, expensive restaurants, the city museum.'

'Terry, can you focus on that area for Ismene's search?'

Terry typed commands in the terminal window. 'Done.'

Adalet tried to think of other interesting targets in the area. 'Something to do with art is all I can imagine. There's nothing else there as far as I know.'

'Ah!' said Terry and typed again. 'Ismene found something. An old mail in which the owner of a painting called Breeze refused to sell it to Elyssa. And it's on display at the museum for a special exposition about the painter.'

Ourania looked at Terry. 'That's it? All that trouble for a painting?'

'It's worth enough money to be on the shopping lists of plenty of wealthy people and the fact that she wants it plays a part.'

Dormin leaned forward. 'I say as long as Ismene hasn't come up with a better target we make plans on how to prevent this theft.'

The others agreed and Dormin made notes while they looked at every angle. 'It would be best to have someone present inside if the theft occurs.' said Adalet and looked at Dormin. 'With your experience you'd have to be the one.'

Terry scratched her ear. 'But that might only be possible if one of the assigned guards is unavailable and needs to be replaced.'

'I think there's still an open case file of a break in at that museum. I might be able to use that somehow.'

Terry looked up some information and hummed. 'I can register you as an employee at the security firm.' It's large enough that most people don't know their colleagues, especially when they're from other branches.

'Good.' Dormin said. 'See if Ismene can find more information on them and the guards working at the museum.'

Terry nodded and typed more.

'Let's see what else we can do to disrupt things for them.'

Some time later several lists were made and they'd get to work after they'd had their rest. Adalet, Terry, and Dormin stood up to head to their suite while Ourania took a schematic from her desk. 'I'm going to check on a control circuit before I'm going to sleep.' she said. 'It shut down intermittently and it's too important to let it fail completely.'

'Anything I can help with?' asked Terry.

Ourania shook her head. 'Not really. You'd better get your rest, then I'll take mine when you're busy.'

'If you need it though don't hesitate to wake me.' Terry said, then whispered 'Or Dormin if you need something else.' with a sly smile, and followed the others to the front suite, while Ourania suddenly felt a little hot and quickly gathered her small toolbox to distract her curious imagination with her work.

She went to the cockpit, checked the wiring and connectors running through the ceiling in the hallway behind it, measured the signal, and saw it fluctuate when she moved several cables at a tight spot along a construction beam. Her fingers slid along the cables and she detected a junction box wiggling at her touch. 'Drat.' she muttered.

She examined the space the cables went through and where the box was located, took her small toolbox, and went up to the hallway above,.There she lifted the floor panel where she had estimated the box would be underneath. She smiled a little in relief to see she could reach it easily from there.

After opening it and reattaching all connections inside the problem was fixed and the signal stayed active even while moving the cables again.

She had barely closed the floor panel when she noticed Terry's begging for something with a slight moan to her voice. She tried to ignore it but her curiosity as to what was going on was too strong, and she sneaked closer in the dark hallway to the slightly open door of the front suite. The dim light inside from the horizontal light strip at the head of the large bed was enough to witness everything.

She held her breath the moment she saw Terry naked on her hands and knees over a naked Dormin lying on his back. 'I can't hold back any longer.' Terry spoke in her husky voice while her tail weaved slightly as it stood up. 'I want you inside me so much now.'

Adalet stood next to the bed and leaned over to caress Dormin's chest. 'I feel it too.' she whispered. 'We've had to take it easy for far too long already.'

Dormin caressed their cheeks. 'I know, but I don't want to risk our recovery so far.' Terry whined softly with her ears and tail drooping but he smiled softly at her. 'So we'll have to do it gently until we're fully healed.'

Terry's ears and tail pricked up. 'Yes!' she said and kissed him hard, her tongue flashing into his mouth in happiness.

She pulled back while stroking his erection softly, happy to feel his heat in her hand. Adalet stole his next deep kiss and pulled back when she needed to breath again. Dormin sighed and smiled. 'No one will believe me how lucky I am with you.'

'Oh, we do.' chuckled Terry and moved down. 'But I also feel lucky to have met you.' She licked her lips as she looked at his hard body part in her hand. 'I didn't think I could ever feel so good.' She slid her muzzle around him and gently rounded his tip with her tongue.

Adalet didn't wait and joined her to alternately please him with their hungry mouths. He growled softly while his lower body heated up and pulled at Adalet's firm behind. 'Come here, I can't have you girls eating all by yourselves. You're not the only hungry ones.'

Adalet spread her legs above his face and lowered herself. He smiled at the wet slit and hard nub in front of him and traced them with his lips and the tip of his tongue, making her moan and pant quickly after all that time of having to do without. He inhaled her scent and slid his tongue along her slit. 'I've missed your scent and taste.'

Adalet turned even redder in the face despite turning her own tongue around him. 'Ahh.. Don't say such embarrassing things..' she moaned while her body shivered with pleasure.

Terry chuckled and took over with her mouth and agile tongue. Ourania watched them suck and lick through the crack of the door, unable to take her eyes off of the three lovers despite part of her mind telling her to leave before they'd catch her peeping.

She'd seen pictures and movies before but that had never caught her interest, yet this sight of naked flesh and fur entangled in intimate love, the moans of lust and growls of hunger and the musky scent of moist flesh stirred her insides. Her heart beat faster in knowing what she did was wrong but the itch inside her abdomen lured her mind into exploring a new pleasure.

Dormin groaned inside Adalet's hot and wet folds from the attention of both women closing their mouths together around his tip and satisfying their hunger for him. 'Ah damn. You're pushing me to the edge and I can't restrain myself this time.'

This made Adalet moan even louder than she already did when she too was close to her climax and spurred Terry on to run her tongue harder around him.

Ourania's mind had given up any thought of leaving and unconsciously she'd unbuttoned the front of her coverall when she felt too warm in it.

Dormin reached his limit and pressed his mouth hard into Adalet as he groaned hard and filled Adalet and Terry's mouths in his climax.

The vibration of his voice against her was too much for Adalet and the surge of electric heat through her lower body made her moan out loud in the satisfaction she had desired for many days.

Terry eagerly licked every drop coming from Dormin with every throb while Adalet panted, and licked her lips clean after she was done with him. Adalet licked her own lips and looked at Terry with heavy eyes. 'Meanie, you took my share.'

Terry grinned a little. 'Sorry, I was really hungry.'

Adalet smiled mischievously. 'Just for that I get to ride first.'

Terry chuckled. 'Aww.'

Adalet rolled away from Dormin and felt her ribs ache a little bit more than before, but she was not about to stop this good time. She straddled Dormin and took his still ready erection in her hand. 'Ready for more?'

Dormin grinned at her. 'With pleasure.' he said and felt her wet heat sliding down on him while she closed her eyes and sighed deep.

She moved slowly up and down and ground herself against his hilt, stoking up her fire inside. Terry spread herself above Dormin's face after he pulled her closer by sticking one finger between her legs. Her body shivered and her fur stood straight up when his tongue ran along her soaking slit and his fingers dug into the fur of her behind. She moaned at the sensation she'd had to ignore for longer than she thought she could.

Ourania breathed deeper watching Adalet slide along Dormin and their bodily fluids glisten on their flesh in the dim light. She had slid one of her hands down between her legs to quench the itch there but as soon as she touched her hard and sensitive nub she squealed a quick moan. Her heart jumped, startled by her own voice, and she clamped her other hand against her mouth. Fear of being discovered froze her on the spot but none of the three lovers seemed to have noticed her, engulfed in their own uttering of lust.

Her mind once more told her to leave before she would be seen but her body refused to move. Her fingers moved gently along her hot and moist folds as she sat there on her knees, and the sensation had already made an addict out of her. She breathed the scents of lovemaking and her imagination let her share their passion with her.

Adalet breathed deep in the same rhythm as she moved her hips against Dormin. 'This is so good..' she moaned with each push inside her. 'I don't care how much longer it takes to heal but I'm not going a day without feeling you inside anymore.'

Terry half moaned and whined while Dormin sucked and nibbled on her. 'Ohh.. I don't even want it to end at all until I pass out..'

Dormin groaned against her as she dug her claws in his side and Adalet squeezed herself tight around him. He ignored the ache of his chest in his hunger to ravish these hot women. They fired up a carnal lust in him he'd never felt before in his life and he would indulge in it.

Ourania rubbed herself in time with Adalet's grinding while she became more hypnotised by the display of primordial instinct on the bed. She could feel him moving inside her, pushing deep into her and stretching her, his body pressing against hers.

Adalet moved erratically, clamping down harder on Dormin and moaning harder as she burned hotter inside towards her climax. Ourania unconsciously rubbed faster and pressed her hand tighter against her mouth to stifle her own sounds of lust, unable to stop her own desire to satisfy her physical need.

Adalet uttered a low and long moan as the heatwave inside her washed all over her body and Ourania shut her eyes tight while her body shivered in her new sensation of bliss, and hoped her stifled squeal was masked by the sounds inside the suite.

Adalet's clamping down triggered Dormin's climax and he groaned hard once more into Terry's wet folds as she let her restraints loose and nearly howled in her own bliss.

Panting hard and shaking all over, she rolled away next to him to avoid slumping on his chest. She laid her head on Adalet's thigh and pushed her nose into the wet gap between her legs. 'Oh wow.. This scent just makes me itch for more..'

Dormin took a deep breath and chuckled. 'The scents of you both certainly get me going.'

She grinned a little. 'Good, because we're not done until you've filled me too.'

Dormin smiled at her. 'Just remember to be gentle, although I wouldn't regret it afterwards.'

She stroked his abdomen. 'Don't worry, I'll have to keep you from getting worse so you can keep going.'

Adalet leaned forward and let him slip slowly out of her. 'All yours now.' she said in a tired voice. 'I'm satisfied for now.' She laid down next to him and smiled softly at him. 'At least until I've had my sleep.'

Dormin kissed her with gentle passion while Terry straddled him and lowered herself around him. 'Ah yesss.. This is what I longed for..' she whispered and twisted her hips slowly to feel him against every bit of her insides.

Ourania thought she'd had enough but her gaze was fixed on Terry's folds spreading on Dormin's tip and swallowing him up completely inside her. Her bushy tail swayed to the right and didn't obscure the sight for Ourania.

She swallowed and although the crotch of her coverall was wet, her fingers moved once again in rhythm with the sight before her eyes. She felt shame at watching the three in their most intimate moment but she couldn't take her eyes off of them and deny the thrill of satisfying herself at the same moment. Fear gripped her heart that she'd really be discovered at any moment but it only heightened her arousal.

Dormin wondered for a moment if he could keep up but the heat from Terry enveloping him cleared all doubt. His body reacted as if he'd had a good workout and received more energy than he'd expended. He kissed and licked Adalet's lips and tongue while playing gently with her nipples and caressing her breasts.

Terry shut her eyes and gave herself up to the sensations heating up inside her. Something made Dormin different from other guys and that little mystery excited her even more. She moaned long and breathed through her teeth.

Ourania imagined taking part in their love and being the next to ride him like Terry did. Sliding him in and out, filling herself with him completely. Or maybe he would just take her when he was healed again. Pulling down her coverall, bending her forward between the clutter on her desk and spreading her legs to thrust into her. Pumping her, in, out, in, out. She had to clamp her mouth again to hide her lusty squeals while she rubbed her hard nub frantically.

Terry ground her wet nub hard against Dormin while he ran his free hand along her thigh. 'You have to heal really soon.' she moaned. 'I want you to take me from behind.'

Dormin pulled back from his kiss with Adalet. 'I'll have the both of you in every way by then because I'll need to take out my frustration at holding back.'

Adalet growled playfully at him. 'I look forward to that.'

Terry squeezed him and pushed herself hard against him. 'That's a promise I'll make sure you keep.' she moaned while grinning.

Ourania panted through her fingers at the image of Dormin submitting all of them to the whims of his lust and another climax was welling up inside her, while she watched how Terry slid along his length and moaned more as she came closer to her deep satisfaction.

Dormin groaned at the tension inside him threatening to break free. 'I'm gonna.. Can't stop it..'

Terry squeezed him as hard as she could, her heart racing in anticipation of his release. 'Yes!' she moaned. 'Give me!'

Dormin shuddered as he filled Terry and pushed her over the edge with the wave of heat spreading inside her. Ourania felt as if his release was also inside her and her body gave way to another taste of bliss while she squealed in pleasure into her hand.

Terry panted and leaned forward to kiss Dormin and feel his tongue dancing with hers. She pushed herself up on her arms and grinned at him in tired satisfaction. 'That will do for today, but we still have a lot to catch up to.'

Dormin grinned back at her. 'Oh, we will. I can't get enough of you two.'

Terry kissed him again and sat up straight. 'Good.' she said and squeezed him again. 'Because I need lots of this.'

She reluctantly slid off of him and stood up, waiting for a moment to steady her shaking legs, then walked over to the suite door.

Dormin lifted his head to see what she was looking for. 'Something wrong?'

Terry shook her head. 'No, just thought I heard something.' she said and smiled deviously at the wet spot on the carpet and the lingering scent just outside the door.

Ourania's heart raced and her body glowed with heat as she moved unsteady into the lounge, glad she came to her senses just in time to crawl and then stumble away before Terry caught her. She put her toolbox down and crawled onto the couch she used for a bed. Her mind twirled with guilt and pleasure and embarrassment and the shame she would feel when she saw them after they'd wake up. She groaned as she looked up at the ceiling. 'Idiot. Since when did you become such a pervert?' she muttered, but didn't dwell on it long before she fell into a deeper sleep than she usually enjoyed.

***

Ourania woke up with a start. Sitting up on the couch, all the memories, sensations, and thoughts came back to her in one big flood. She groaned and grabbed her head in shame. 'Ahh, you damned pervert!'

She tried to think of any excuse but nothing came to mind. When she smelled her own scent she realised she'd fallen asleep in her soiled coverall and had to do something about that first. She undressed quickly and headed for the bathroom at the last suite to the back, which was the only one working on the ship. Her mind was so preoccupied with the events of the day before that she unwittingly stepped into the large shower just as Dormin turned it on. She squealed as she bumped into him and rubbed her nose. 

Dormin steadied her by her shoulders before she'd bump into the wall at her back. 'Careful!' he said and leaned a little closer to check if she received a nosebleed from the hit. 'Are you okay?'

She nodded and looked up at him. 'I'm okay.' she said, his worried look in his up close face speeding up her heart. 'I didn't look where I was going, sorry.'

He smiled gently at her and let her go. 'That's okay, no harm done.'

She liked his smile. It seemed to her that he could never fake it and she smiled back at him.

'Oh, you wanted to use the shower?' he asked, gesturing at it.

'Yes.' she said and remembered the reason why she came. 'Ah! No!' She took a step back and her eyes watched him from naked top to toe and back as if she had no control over them, and the images of him lying in bed while the others used their mouths on him flashed once more before her.

Dormin looked a little puzzled at her. 'No?'

'I mean yes!'

'You can go first then.' he said but before he could step aside she had stepped back.

'No, that's okay!' she said. 'I can take it later! I need to go check on something first anyway!'

'Okay?' he said as she slipped out the bathroom. He shrugged mentally and checked the temperature before stepping under the shower, chuckling at the second time of being surprised by a naked woman.

Ourania leaned back against the wall just outside the bathroom to wait for her knees to regain their strength. She listened to the sounds of him showering and curiosity nudged her again to take a look.
