 Author's note: I'm calling this story my anniversary story. One year ago I decided to try writing - to set the stories and ideas trapped in my head free. My first story was an incest one called "The Long Absence: Allen's Story." I didn't have an editor back then, but feel free to check it out if you don't mind some typos and grammar issues here and there. I'm not sure how much longer I'll continue this writing experiment, but here is my first anniversary story.

Editing thanks go to Todger65.

*****

Chapter 1

Adam stared out of the large waiting room window. His eyes watching a woman talk with a horse in the pasture about 10 yards away. She was running her hand up and down his large head, smiling at him, not feeding him anything. Adam found it odd. Of the few farm animals he had seen, they were constantly eating something; hay, carrots, grass and so on.

He was shaken from his observations when Dr. Fong entered the room, greeting him enthusiastically. "Adam! Thank you so much for joining us today!"

Shaking the hand of the middle-aged man of Asian descent, 20-year-old Adam smiled politely in return. Dr. Fong was joined by his assistant, Denise, a short brunette. Adam had never seen a pure Caucasian woman before. Most of the 100 million inhabitants on Earth were Asian mixed with other races, Adam included. He never knew his parents. The only memories of his mother were brief images of a tall, blonde woman, with bright blue eyes. His short black hair, blue eyes, light Asian features, was evident of his ethic mixture.

"Please sit, we have so much to talk about. Again, I'm very excited you agreed to this! We are going to have so much fun," the overjoyed scientist explained.

"My pleasure; I got a day off of work and get to spend it here at corporate headquarters," Adam smiled.

"You find your work boring?" Dr. Fong asked.

"Somewhat, yes. It's general maintenance work. I also repair damaged weather modifiers," Adam explained.

"Amazing," Dr. Fong replied, confusing Adam. He didn't consider his mundane job amazing at all. It's all he's known. With very few memories from his younger years, no family, or close friends, Adam was put in this maintenance role as if he's always been doing it - never questioning, never wondering about his past.

"Anyway, let us begin. Denise will take notes. I'm assuming you know why you are here?" Dr. Fong asked.

"Yes, you want me to help you all design, um, someone for me to, well, be with?" Adam nervously answered.

"Yes!" Dr. Fong replied, smiling widely. "You don't have to be nervous by the way. Based on your imagination, we will build you someone to spend your life with. Again, your imagination is the limit. We can, and will, build you anything."

"Anything?"

Dr. Fong nodded in the direction of the pasture with the woman and horse in it, "We built him."

"You built a horse for her?"

Dr. Fong, smiling, almost giggling, stood from his seat, walking quickly to the large window, banging on it, waving at the woman and the horse.

"Hello!" the woman waved in return.

"Hi Dr. Fong!" the horse yelled back in a normal sounding male's voice.

Adam's mouth dropped, "You mean the horse is a robot?"

"Yes!" Dr. Fong said, sitting back down, always smiling.

"So that's why it isn't eating. It doesn't need to," Adam said.

"HE doesn't need to. You're correct, no need to eat food," Dr. Fong said. "He looks real doesn't he? He doesn't smell real, which I suppose is a good thing! She takes him to the pasture there and rides him around sometimes. It's all very sweet. But let's talk about you and want you want."

"Alright," Adam said, glancing at Dr. Fong's assistant, Dense. Adam noticed she didn't have anything to write on, or tablet devices to transcribe their words into a document. He thought that was odd as well, since Dr. Fong said she was going to be taking notes.

"I want you to focus. I want you to use your imagination. And I want you to relax. There is nothing we can't build no matter how unusual some may think it is. She can be anything you want her to be. The important thing is simply using your imagination," Dr. Fong said.

Adam nodded, "Ok, well, where do we begin?"

"Yes! Firstly, is what do you want?"

"Well, I would want something human-like, but not a human. And, uh, maybe tall too. And, um, perhaps, she could be a she, you know, curvy and um," Adam was rambling.

"Ok, ok, slow down a bit. Just relax," Dr. Fong said. "What you're doing for us is wonderful. I just want you to take a deep breath and let your thoughts flow. Alright?"

Adam nodded, doing as he was told, pausing a moment before speaking again, "A humanoid shaped android. Specifically, female shaped. The body would be athletic in appearance, flat stomach, muscular, but certainly keeping an hour glass figure. The breasts would be large," Adam paused, glancing at the busty brunette, Denise, who remained silent, smiling softly at him.

"She would be tall too. Six feet tall, my height," Adam added.

"Wonderful! Keep going," Dr. Fong said.

"Um, I like long hair, maybe down to her lower back. But, like I said, I don't want her to look human," Adam added.

"We'll get to that in a moment. This is all very basic information first," Dr. Fong said.

"You said she was taking notes?" Adam asked, glancing at Denise, still sitting with a permanent smile on her face.

"She is! Now then, athletic, tall, six feet, long hair, female human curves, what about other general descriptions? What about her ass Adam?" Dr. Fong winked.

"Oh um, well, yeah, she'd have one. It would be nice, you know? Somewhat shapely and muscular," Adam explained.

"Wonderful!" Dr. Fong patted Adam's knee. "Remember to relax, we're all adults here. Now then, you said you didn't want her to look human. Can you elaborate? Start simple. Her hair, what color? What color eyes and skin, things like that. There is no wrong answer, everything you could come up with his perfect in our eyes."

"Right. Well, um," Adam cleared his throat. "I was thinking green. Well, not green, but maybe like a blue-green combination. But her entire hair wouldn't be all of that color. I, um, I," Adam stammered.

"Hey, it's ok," Dr. Fong said. "Just take it slow."

Adam paused another moment, before gathering his thoughts. "Teal. Her hair would start off teal, and gradually turn white. Just above the small of her back, it'd be white. I'd want it to be of a different texture too. Like very thin optic wiring or something. She would be hairless everywhere else, except for thin, teal color eyebrows. Her eyes would be slightly larger than a human's. Their color would be teal and black."

"Yes!" Dr. Fong nodded.

"I want her skin to be solid black in color. It wouldn't be metallic or shiny, but almost leathery, maybe even slightly like rubber. It wouldn't feel like ours," Adam said running an index finger over his forearm.

"I would want it to appear as though she were wearing a skin-tight suit of light armor. Perhaps where her ribs would be, there could be a plated or different pattern to the skin. A similar pattern could be on her thighs and the sides of her legs. Maybe this pattern could be outlined by some sort of teal lights, to give the plates prominence, and to take away human features."

"Yes! I love it. So around the bottom of her ribs, below her large breasts, going down the sides of her stomach, her thighs, and perhaps even the sides of her back, next to her spine would be this outline of lights, giving her a robotic appearance?" Dr. Fong confirmed.

"That's it, yes," Adam answered.

"What about her voice?

"Not too deep for a woman, but not nasally or high pitched. I would definitely want it to sound robot-like. That horse out there sounded like a regular man. I don't want that." Adam answered.

"Great, great. What about other sounds? We can completely hide mechanical sounds such as whirring, or light machinery sounds when she moves in a certain way. We can also mask any sort of computer processing sounds she may emit."

"Keep those. I like that idea of robotic sounds when she sits or walks. Nothing too loud or noticeable, but something barely there to remind me she's not a human in a suit," Adam explained.

"Yes, perfect, this is great. Anything else for her face?"

"Her ears would be long, antenna like protrusions. Maybe not antenna like on an insect, but blade-like devices, she might use for communication purposes - sending and receiving signals of some sort. I don't know."

"No, this is great. What I'm seeing is something that doesn't look human. Anything else?"

"Um, a smaller mouth, lips wouldn't be too full. I guess she'd have teeth. Maybe her mouth could be glow teal with she opens it? A small, dainty nose. Perhaps in her shoulders, elbows, hips, and knees there could be an outline of the joint. It'd look robotic of course, metallic with teal lighting."

Dr. Fong nodded in agreement, seemingly enjoying Adam conveying his vision. "I like this color scheme!"

"Come, let's take a walk. I want to show you around," Dr. Fong stood, extending his hand to Adam.

Chapter 2

Dr. Fong led Adam through his laboratory. He saw many rooms filled with half assembled labor robots. They were used mostly used for construction. Dr. Fong explained when their assembly was complete they would be sent to Mars to assist with operations on the various colonies there.

Adam peeped in other rooms, observing gigantic robots. The large, humanoid-shaped machines would ignite rocket boosters on their backs, testing their flight capabilities. According to Dr. Fong, these machines were headed to provide repair work on the large solar plasma harvesters and converters that were orbiting the sun.

They walked by another laboratory. Scientists were looking through advanced microscopes. "What's in there?" Adam asked.

"Ah, that's where we build and test our nanotechnology - microscopic little robots that help us out. Nanobots, as we call them. They can carry out simple functions or more advanced tasks if need be. We usually administer them to androids in a thick liquid-like state. Sort of like gel. Think of them as artificial cells," Dr. Fong explained.

"The substance is quite similar to the daily nutrient packets you consume," Dr. Fong added, glancing over Adam. "Anyway, let's continue."

Finally the last series of rooms on the tour were conference rooms and offices. Dr. Fong told Adam to look through a window in one room. Adam saw a small person. He watched him play with blocks, studying his movements.

"What's that?" Adam asked Dr. Fong.

Placing his hand on Adam's shoulder, he replied, "That's a child. Not many of those exist nowadays do they?"

A man was presenting the child to a young couple. After a moment, the man gently pressed the back of the boy's neck. A panel on his forehead opened and extended, revealing what looked to be data storage cells. Adam chuckled, the child wasn't human.

"We can make anything," Dr. Fong whispered.

"Let's talk about personality. What do you have in mind?" Dr. Fong asked, leading Adam and Denise into another conference room. Adam looked out of the large window of this new room. It had a different view. Large, green expanses of trees mostly, but there were a few sparse steel ruins of Addis Ababa jutting out of the greenery. Relics of a capital city from a country formerly known as Ethiopia; where the corporation's headquarters were.

"Oh, right," Adam said, sitting across from Dr. Fong and Denise. "I was thinking of her being shy. Not very talkative."

"Yes, good, I love it. Perhaps she could be somewhat submissive. It would be her desire to serve you. Like cleaning your apartment, and well, other things," Dr. Fong winked.

"Right, yes," Adam nodded not picking up on what the doctor was hinting at. "I'm somewhat shy as well, so perhaps if I didn't feel like talking all the time, she would be ok with that. Plus, it takes me awhile to feel comfortable around someone who's really outgoing and boisterous."

"Perhaps she wouldn't initiate physical contact, instead relying on you to take charge with that at first. Yes?" Dr. Fong asked.

"Um, well, yes. I suppose. I'm not experienced." Adam said.

Dr. Fong smiled warmly at Adam. "It's ok, really it is. You and your creation can gain experience of many wonderful things together."

He nodded at Adam, silently looking at him, "I'm sorry this is just an amazing day for us to meet you here. Let's get down to more specifics: sex."

"Oh, that," Adam looked away nervously.

"You know what I think you'd like? A trigger point. We've designed several partners over the years that have a trigger point. Somewhere on their body, that when touched, lets them know they are desired sexually. From that point, depending upon their programming, they act accordingly. I think for a quiet, shy lover, this would be an ideal solution."

"Let me show you," Dr. Fong continued. He glanced to his left, extended his arm, lightly grazing his fingers across Denise's neck. She closed her eyes, smiling warmly, and then opened them to give Dr. Fong a seductive look.

"See? Her trigger point is right there. Just along her neck."

"You mean she's a - "

Dr. Fong interrupted Adam, "Where did you have in mind?"

Adam paused for a moment, gathering his thoughts, watching Denise look Dr. Fong up and down. "I, uh, her back. The small of her back, I guess," Adam shrugged.

"Excellent! That's a great idea. I think we can come up with something you'll be more than happy with. Now then let us talk more details about sex. I won't go into specifics in regard to her capabilities or, shall I say, access points. All of that will be very similar to human. I want to know about fetishes of yours. Have you laid awake at night thinking about things that turn you on?" Dr. Fong asked.

"A fetish? Um, I don't know, not really."

"Denise, stand please, undo your blouse," Dr. Fong ordered.

Denise did as she was told, unbuttoning her blouse, letting Dr. Fong open it further to expose her large breasts. He watched for Adam's reaction, giggling with delight when he saw the younger man blush. Dr. Fong took his index and middle finger to her right armpit, gently pushing inward. Adam heard a soft mechanical clicking sound. His eyes widened when he saw Dr. Fong carefully remove Denise's right breast, exposing a metallic endoskeleton, flashing lights of advanced circuitry and what appeared to be an artificial lung, moving slowly back and forth, simulating breathing.

"See this?" Dr. Fong showed a shocked Adam the breast, turning it over, revealing more circuitry and mechanical parts. "These circular devices on the inside here store and administer, at Denise's will, a sweet, white substance. It's obviously not human milk, but it's a sugary treat I like to extract from her every once in awhile. It tastes good."

Dr. Fong moved back to his assistant, snapping the breast back in place, "I have to get her refilled, depending on how much is used. But that's an example of a nice little fetish we can implement. Can you think of something that would turn you on?"

"Um," Adam shook his head no.

Dr. Fong smiled, "It's ok. I tell you what, if you think of something, anything at all, just let me know. You can bring your lover in and we'll adjust her accordingly."

Adam smiled awkwardly and nodded.

"I think this covers everything. We'll throw in a few surprises. These will be things that will certainly remind you she is not a person. Do you have any questions?" Dr. Fong asked.

"Will she be," Adam paused, thinking about the android child he saw earlier, "fully mature right? I mean, she'll be able to talk and I won't have to teach her anything."

"Of course she will be! She'll have full knowledge of our history, society, manners, social protocols, and so on. She will be able to speak our universal worldwide language, along with Japanese, Chinese, and English - should you encounter someone who still prefers those ancient tongues," Dr. Fong chuckled, thinking that their language only shared a similar naming scheme with those older, dead languages.

"Great, that's all I have. I'm interested in what surprises you throw at me," Adam blushed.

"Denise, did you get all of what we talked about?" Dr. Fong asked.

"I did, Dr. Fong. I can upload all data when we return to your office," Denise replied.

Adam left an hour later, after another tour with Dr. Fong and Denise. Dr. Fong seemed so interested in Adam's mundane life, hanging on his every word with keen interest. Denise, on the other hand, seemed very preoccupied, distracted, like she wanted Adam to hurry up and leave.

There was a train station just inside the gates of the corporate complex. Adam said goodbye to Dr. Fong and Denise. He would hear from them in a few weeks. Adam waved one final time before the doors closed, taking his seat after the automated voice told him to. Moments later the trained left the station, silently traveling 1000 miles per hour, safely arriving at Adam's home 30 minutes later, 500 miles away in a land that used to be called Sudan.

Dr. Fong watched the train practically disappear in a blink of an eye, not making a sound, "I think Adam will be our best one yet," he said, turning to Denise. She wasn't interested in his opinion.

She followed him back to his office, shutting his door, slamming him against it, tearing off her blouse. "Aren't you going to upload the data you recorded first?" Dr. Fong asked.

"Just shut up and fuck me," She growled, lunging at him, pulling his face in for a kiss. "You know what touching my neck like that does to me."

"Yes I do," Dr. Fong smiled, returning the android's kiss.

Chapter 3

The train started its deceleration several minutes before it arrived at Adam's home. He was afforded enough time to think about how remarkable his home city was. No longer seeing blurred greenery as the train traveled, he saw the five mile high, five mild wide, cylinder he and 999,999 others called home.

Adam had only visited several other cities, but knew there were 100 in total, sparsely covering Earth, avoiding tropical equatorial areas. His home was the closest to the equator out of all Earth's cities. Riding the silent, fast elevator, Adam took in his surroundings. The interior contained vast gardens, endless rows of apartment homes, entertainment venues, and everything anyone could ever need. They were all arranged in each of the sections of the cylinder. Each section had a diameter of five miles.

Adam lived near the top, four miles above ground. He entered his apartment and was immediately greeted by the artificial intelligence saying hello, opening the blinds, letting sunlight in, and turning on the holographic television.

A news report was on, the female newscaster was in mid sentence when she appeared as a hologram, "...making this the third star system at which an Earth vessel has arrived. Sirius is 8.6 years away and we can expect..."

Adam looked out his window admiring the vast green landscape from four miles above. He smiled, thinking how wonderful his day had been. A slight nervousness came over him. He was fearful this android woman that was being created for him might not like him. He regretted not asking Dr. Fong about that possibility - blaming his forgetfulness on nerves.

"Meanwhile, reports are coming in from the Alpha Centauri system. The android crew is happy and is looking forward to exploring the tiny planet that..." the news reporter droned on in the background.

Adam entered his small kitchen to retrieve a nutrient packet. It contained a medium size pill with a small cup of gel-like white substance. The corporation provided all residents with everything they would ever need. Adam sat, eating his meal, enjoying the full feeling it would provide him until tomorrow. 

Everyone worked for the corporation - the only one on Earth. Engineers, scientists, mechanics, all worked together for the sole purpose of repairing damage done to the planet by previous generations and one day leaving Earth and exploring the galaxy; a lofty goal that required baby steps.
