 The tailor's face was glowing like a late-night fireplace as they waved to Larya. "Goodbye, Miss!" they called. "And if—if that dress, um, doesn't fit well, or you ever have need of another, you're always welcome to drop by again for another fitting!"

Larya beamed up at the tailor as she hopped off the porch of their little shop. "I know," she said with a wink. "I might come back in the morning, actually. This dress is more of a rental."

"W-Well, um, hey!" The tailor gave an unconvincing shrug. "Entirely up to you! M-Maybe I can give you, um, store credit for something, or, um..."

Larya licked her lips, not bothering to suppress a mischievous grin. She loved getting new clothes, of course—as an adventuring druidess, she rarely had the chance to wear anything nice—but more than anything, she adored the fitting process. Especially when the tailor was a cute, bashful mess who could be reduced to stuttering babble by the slightest wriggle.

The druidess twirled in her dress—a lovely, elaborate, frilly sort of thing, the sort of thing that got dirty by looking at it too long and would wrinkle from a bad breeze—and giggled. "It might be a bit messy by the time I get back, but I'm sure we'll work something out!"

The tailor nodded with a squeak.

Larya made sure to give her ass a little swing as she sauntered off down the gravel road.

Oh, that had been lovely. She was on such a winning streak lately—between the tailor, that sorceress and the knight from last week, it felt like she was finally, finally moving past the submissive, um, rut she'd been in the last couple of years. It was nice to be a bit more dominant from time to time, and after a couple weeks away from her favorite fling, she couldn't wait to see Lim tonight for their date... and finally teach that smug little catgirl a little lesson. Lim always loved to take charge, to tease and torment and deny Larya within an inch of her mind—well, not tonight.

She'd even gotten all dressed for it. Larya beamed down at her beautiful blue dress. It complemented her long, dark hair, and the fishnet thighs were an indulgence she almost never allowed herself—to say nothing of what lay underneath the frilly, twirly delight that rippled with her every step. Delicate ribbons trailed from the hem of the skirt. A pair of long, sky-blue silk gloves felt like a second skin as she adjusted her fetching red bow. The bow was styled to call to mind cat ears, which was sure to earn some teasing from Lim.

But for once, she thought, smirking, Lim would be the one begging, and Larya would be the one teasing her for it afterward, joking about how much of a slut she was, how easy it had been, how wet Lim had gotten.

Larya couldn't wait to see the look on Lim's face.

~ ~ ~ ~

Of course Lim was late. Lim was always late.

Larya scowled, kicking her feet idly, sending ripples across the surface of the strikingly reflective pool. The Mirror Pools were a semi-famous landmark in the area, a favored nighttime destination for couples during the summer months—though this time of year, Larya was alone. Frustratingly alone.

She turned around, careful not to mess up her dress as she scooted on the smooth stone she was sitting on, and studied her reflection in the water. Gods, she was gorgeous. The dress was practically painted on, and Larya almost wanted to take her own breasts and squeeze them, in the way trashy actresses did in stage plays, just to admire how well her cleavage was displayed. Larya was going to have Lim licking her hand like a kitten in five minutes, tops.

But it was close to midnight, and Lim still wasn't here, and Larya was bored. She pouted, pulling her feet out of the water. Why couldn't the catgirl ever be on time? Even once would be nice. Especially this once, when Larya was all dressed up and ready to top, ready to put that pussy beneath her and lick that smug smirk right off Lim's cute freckled face.

She licked her lips. Oh, Lim was going to... going to...

She blinked, tilting her head, peering at her reflection. There was something odd going on there.

At first, she'd taken it for some pretty stones at the bottom of the pond, but the Mirror Pools were perfectly reflective. That was why they were called the mirror pools, after all. Next, she'd assumed it was a reflected moon or two, but the moon was over there in the water, several feet away, its reflection shining bright gold.

There were, right over the shoulder of her reflection, two enormous, gleaming green eyes in the water. Even greener than Larya's. Something was almost somehow... too green about them. Unnaturally green. Like toxic fungi, or neon magic.

But they were beautiful nonetheless, shining right over Larya's shoulder. Larya frowned, staring down at her own reflection. They were almost rippling, those eyes. Those beautiful, shiny green eyes.

There's someone else here, Larya thought vacantly, licking her lips. She leaned in slightly, trying to get a better look.

The eyes glimmered radiant in the darkness. It made Larya feel awfully nice, looking into those eyes. She bit her lip. The eyes were so friendly. So knowing, like they shared a secret with her. A secret she didn't quite understand.

It felt so easy to look at them. Calming, even. Larya felt her doubts drifting away, and she licked her lips again, self-conscious about drooling.

And in her reflection, Larya could faintly see out of the corner of her vision that her own eyes seemed to be reflecting those same green lights. That made sense—she was staring at the eyes, so her own eyes would reflect them back into the water, which would reflect them back up at her. She watched her eyes growing wider, and found herself sinking deeper, staring at the reflection of the reflection, seeing the reflection of herself in those eyes, her eyes within even more softly, sweetly lost...

I can look deeper, she thought, licking her lips. And... and deeper... and deeper...

She found herself leaning in further, her breath coming in impossibly soft, as if a misplaced sound could frighten the eyes away and leave her alone in the gloom.

"That'ssss right," purred a distant, sweet, sibilant voice in her ear, as Larya's lips half-parted. "Ssstay on the edge for me, my sssssweet..."

Oh. Larya swallowed, squirming atop the stone. That voice sounded. Sounded so. So very.

A strange vibration passed through Larya, and her mouth opened to give a small moan.

She blinked.

She stared down into the water, puzzled, feeling her head sloshing a little as she awoke. There was nothing in the water. Nothing but her own reflection.

"Must've dozed off," she mumbled to herself, seeing her cheeks reddening in the reflection. "I-I'm just tired. Imagining getting hypnotized." She giggled slightly, wiping her lips of a bit of drool. "Probably because it's been so long since it's happened."

She looked up, just to be safe. No sign of the eyes' owners. And she didn't see any sign of anything having been around her—just the darkness of the old oak canopy.

"It was probably nothing," she assured herself, since Alrek wasn't around to have a migraine at that phrase. "Probably just the wind," she added, giggling.

She waited a minute or so more with bated breath, just in case.

She sighed, turning back to the pool. If only.

Wait, what?

No. Not 'if only'! Larya shook herself slightly. That was the sleepiness talking. It was close to midnight, after all. Larya didn't want to be hypnotized! Definitely not. And especially not tonight.

Tonight, Larya thought, smiling, she was going to put that kitten in her place, put her on her knees at last. Lim's little winning streak was over.

She took a deep breath of the cool night air, trying to wake herself up a little. With the same goal (at least, so she told herself), she started slipping fingers up her twirly skirt and under her surprise gift to Lim.

No harm, she told herself, swallowing, in... getting ready a little. Having a little fun. Keeping herself ready for Lim's arrival and inevitably adorable submission.

She smirked, feeling a bit more confident as her fingers began their wicked work and droplets of pleasure started to settle like morning dew onto her mind. She didn't need Lim to enjoy herself. And if the catgirl was bothered that Larya came first... well, she should have come sooner, right?

Larya rocked back and forth slightly, watching her reflection in the mirror pool and relishing the wantonness as she caressed her finger over her clit. She felt like she was buzzing. Her eyes were struggling beneath thick, heavy lashes as a little sigh escaped her.

She imagined Lim, on the ground beneath her, writhing in the grass like it was catnip. The catgirl would stare up at her, wide-eyed as Larya descended. Her eyes would be so pretty and green, reflecting Larya's big, confident, dumb smile. And she would cry out so sweetly as Larya started kissing her breasts. Oh, she would whimper and mew like a kitten, the little slut. And when Larya started begging her to return the favor, she would nod, eager, desperate, to oblige, and flip Larya onto her back, hold her hot, horny little druidess down and just make her melt...

Larya's breath caught, and she paused, feeling her cheeks heat up. No. No, she was not going to be submissive! She glared, even as she kept wriggling her ass, enjoying the way the warm, smooth stone beneath her rear almost seemed to vibrate. Her whole body felt so... buzzy...

She started stroking again, unable to help her tongue lolling out a little. She was going to make Lim kneel for her, of course. Oh, yes. She giggled, imagining stroking that silly kitty's ears, scratching her. Lim would play confident at first, of course.

Larya's fingers sped up, slipping inside. Oh, Lim would play confident, no doubt certain that Larya would be her silly bimbo, as always. But as Larya flirted, stroked, and kept scratching, she'd watch that catgirl's ears start to flatten to the sides of her hair, watch the catgirl's freckled face start to go redder and redder.

Larya panted, rocking back and forth, feeling that wonderful buzzing sensation getting stronger as her legs spread. She was practically straddling the rock. Lim would... Larya would play like she didn't know, play like she was just flirting. But steadily, it would get to Lim. Lim would start begging, start clinging to Larya, craving those touches. And Larya would reward her good little kitty with more scritches, more pets, and lots and lots of flirting until the catgirl was a blushing, drooling, panting mess.

Oh, Lim would be just... just helpless. Larya was drooling again, picturing the way Lim would look at her, needy and desperate. Totally incapable of resisting Larya. Totally irresistible.

The catgirl would be so horny, she'd have to... oh, she'd have to push Larya up against a tree. Larya whimpered. She'd lean in close as Larya kept stroking, caressing Larya's curves, purring in her ear about how naughty, how bratty her little human toy was tonight, how Larya needed so badly to be punished, and those green eyes would shimmer and glow and sparkle so prettily...

No! Larya bit her lip, lurching away from her reflection. She was panting like a pup! But she was going to be in control this time, absolutely, a hundred percent.

She squirmed on the stone, biting her lip. If only... if only Lim were here now. And if only she could stop buzzing.

And, she thought, squirming, if only she could come. Why was she edging herself? The last thing she needed was to... to be a horny, needy mess when Lim came.

She swallowed, feeling her fingers continue their merciless teasing. The last thing she needed was to be so desperate, she'd do anything. The catgirl could tease her, torment her, tickle her—anything, so long as she'd let Larya come at the end of it. And then Lim would be as smug as ever at how easily Larya went under and begged for mercy.

So she had to come, she told herself, quivering with liquid pleasure at her ministrations. She had to come. Had to come!

She whimpered, then moaned, tortured by her own rebellious fingers. They just kept... kept holding her... had to come, had to come, had to come!

The druidess was positively a mess as she squirmed and writhed, practically humping the warm, vibrating red stone, barely able to keep sitting upright as she pumped her fingers in and out, her cries turning higher-pitched, noisier, more deliciously submissive as she stroked and stroked and edged and edged...

"My, my," purred a familiar distinctly non-Lim voice in her ear. "What a show you're putting on!"

Larya gave a start, and she forced her fingers to behave themselves as she whirled to her right. She barely resisted the reflex to wipe those messy fingers on her nice dress.

A pair of enormous green eyes beamed down upon her. Lips below parted in a wide, predatory smile.

"Hi," said the voice sultrily, smirking down at Larya.

Larya blinked. Her pussy twinged. "H-Hi."

Dimly, she realized that the speaker was a lamia—whereas her upper half was that of a lovely woman, with flowing crimson locks down past her shoulders, big, plump, kissable lips, and wide heart-shaped hips, those hips gave way to brilliant red scales that glittered in the moonlight like cinders. Her coils were longer than any Larya had ever seen, winding all around the clearing, hanging over branches and wrapped around tree trunks, with no end in sight. Her skin was a pale coral that offset those brilliant green eyes perfectly.

But horny as Larya was, her mouth went dry as her eyes settled on those massive, pendulous breasts. The lamia was almost as well-endowed as a holstaur as far as Larya was concerned, her tits jiggling together lightly with a visible softness that made Larya weak in the knees. It didn't help that the lamia was totally naked, allowing those pert nipples to stand out.

"Um." Larya realized she was staring, and forced her gaze back up to the lamia's face. "It's, um... a pleasure to meet you."

The lamia raised an eyebrow, tilting her head to the side. "Ssso I sssee."

Larya bit her lip—no doubt she looked like quite the scene, positively straddling this boulder. She tried to straighten a little, smoothing out her skirt. "I was, um. Just. Getting comfortable."

"Oh?" The lamia's voice was breathy and soft.

Beneath Larya's ass, the boulder seemed to... vibrate. Larya bit her lip, trying to hold in a squeak of pleasure. Gods, why did that feel so... so bizarrely...

Her eyes widened, and her cheeks practically burst into flames, as she realized that she had been sitting on one of the lamia's coils this whole time. She sprang to her feet, smoothing her skirt again, giving the disguised 'boulder' a look of shock. It hadn't been so sparkly when she'd decided to sit on it before, had it? Nor so pleasantly warm.

The lamia giggled as Larya turned back to face her. She drifted a bit closer, and Larya couldn't help but notice those tits jiggling and bouncing with her approach. "You were giving me," she murmured, "quite the show."

"O-Oh." Larya tore her gaze off the heavy, swinging breasts and back up to the lamia's bright, gleaming eyes. "W-Was I really? I mean... I didn't know I was being watched."

As tempting as it always was to have a dalliance with fey, Larya knew Lim would probably be here any minute. They weren't quite exclusive, but having sex with a lamia during an actual date would be a pretty rude move.

"Didn't you? You ssssaw me, surely." The lamia's forked tongues flitted out. There was something funny about that, but Larya couldn't focus on that, not with how close the lamia was. It was so easy to look at her breasts and ogle them like a slack-jawed village bimbo, and it took all Larya's attention just to maintain eye contact. She had to keep from getting any hornier, or she'd be a mess by the time Lim got here, best case scenario.

"I—I did see you, yes," Larya stammered, "but I didn't... I mean, I didn't register you, y'know?"

"I believe I underssstand." The lamia offered a hand. "My name is Celessste. Do you wish to know my theory?"

Larya took the hand. Celeste's skin was smooth as silk, and very, very warm. Larya wondered if... the rest of her felt like this. "Larya. Um... sure?"

Celeste squeezed Larya's hand with heart-fluttering affection, then released it. Her eyes half-closed like those of a pleased cat. "I think... you wanted to not notice me."

Larya huffed. "I don't—why would I even—" She knew she was getting flustered, but she couldn't help but stumble and stammer, avoiding Celeste's knowing gaze and accidentally settling her eyes on those beautiful, full breasts again. "I mean, I don't—"

"Don't like being watched?" Celeste asked, head tilting. "Don't like being... toyed with?" She bounced slightly in place, and Larya's eyes widened as the tits bounced after her. She was doing that on purpose!

Larya again forced herself into Celeste's gleaming eyes. It would get easier to hold eye contact with time, surely. Surely it would.

"I am a domme," she said firmly, forcing a bit more confidence into herself. She stood up straight, stepping back quickly as the tail started playing along the back of her ankles, threatening to trip her. "I can... handle fey."

Spirals seemed to dance across Celeste's eyes, ripples from a leaf falling in the water. "Really! How impressssive. Few mortals can, you know." Her tone was not particularly filled with sincere belief.

"Well... yeah." Larya crossed her arms. "So don't you get any ideas. I'll have you wrapped around my finger like a wedding ring if you try anything." She managed to recover some confidence, even affecting a cheeky grin. "Though someone like you might not, um, fit around... just a finger."

"Oh, no?" Celeste giggled. As she came a little closer, Larya steadfastly kept her eyes off of that incredible rack and on those beautiful eyes. "Perhapsss not. But I'm sure we could sssort sssomething out, don't you think?"

"Ooh, I-I'll bet we could." Larya giggled as well, even as her heart started to race as Celeste's buxom body came a little bit closer. The very, very last thing she needed was to have a repeat of the Milky Kitten incident from a couple of months ago. The last thing she needed was to end up a silly, drooling slut, drooling over Celeste's big, smooth, gleaming-in-the-moonlight, bouncy, squishy, ever-so-slightly-smooshing-together, hanging-in-the-air-before-Larya's-captivated...

Larya felt a warm, smooth touch against her chin, and felt her chin being gently lifted up. She realized, flushing, that her head had sunk down, allowing her eyes to openly ogle the lamia's... assets.

Now her chin was being held up by the tip of Celeste's tail, and Larya couldn't even complain, because she'd just been staring at Celeste's tits and completely ignoring what Celeste was saying.

"W-What?" she stammered, realizing she'd been asked a question.

Celeste smirked. She leaned back, and Larya bit her lip, barely holding her gaze where it belonged even with the tail's help. "I ssssaid," she purred, "sssome people are... very, very naturally obedient. Essspecially to me." Her voice dropped to a hiss. "Sssubmisssssive... ssssslutsss."

Larya stared into the green, breathless. "Uh-huh?"

"But you..." Celeste's voice returned to a normal, flirty tone. "You are different?"

"Oh." Larya blinked. "Oh! Yes!"

"Yesss?" Celeste enquired.

Larya smiled, trying to hide her excitement. "I-I mean, yes, I should think so. I'm a druidess, you see. I find it very easy to keep fey... in line." She waved a hand dismissively. "And they find it very, very easy to stay in line."
