 Lim tapped her foot, looking around irritably. Where was that girl?

The catgirl twirled idly in her pretty pink skirt, padding through the little clearing. She didn't spare a glance at the mirror pool, of course—she knew she looked gorgeous. The tailor had kept her a while, so adorably easy to fluster, and Lim had worked up quite an appetite for seeing Larya's face when Larya saw how dolled up her catgirl girlfriend was tonight.

She licked her lips. She hadn't had a date with Larya in forever. That submissive little druidess had a date with Lim's most sadistic fantasies, and she was going to live every second of it. Hell, she'd probably beg for it before Lim even started touching her. Oh, to be in love.

Of course, that depended on being able to find one's love. And right now, Lim had no clue. Larya seemed to have wandered away from the meeting spot, forcing Lim to follow Larya's scent all the way to this little isolated glade.

She glared, looking around the clearing with a little growl of frustration. Her ears were flattened. She'd enhanced her smell over her touch and sight for a moment, and she could tell her girlfriend was here—or had been here, at least—but it was incredibly hard to tell anything when she was wearing this dumb perfume!

She couldn't help but giggle as she breathed it in, though. Lavender. Oh, Larya was going to be so very, very flustered by that—a reminder of the last time they'd played together.

She sighed, checking her hair to make sure the hairpins were still in place. Larya had probably gotten lured off by a couple of needy satyrs or something.

But Lim would find her. And, she thought, licking her lips, there would definitely be a punishment in order for this.

Larya would insist.

~ ~ ~ ~

Larya stared down helplessly as Lim paced around the clearing, totally oblivious to their presence. She really needed to cry out. She truly needed to scream.

And what she definitely, absolutely, life-or-death needed to do was stop suckling Celeste like a good, greedy little slut, drugging herself with Celeste's milk as the lamia's coils caressed every inch of her now naked, totally helpless body.

"Good girl," Celeste sang ever-so-softly in her ear, forked tongues tickling Larya's earlobe. Larya's giggles were smothered by her desperate suckling, pressed against Celeste's breast. It was so soft and squishy. And being held in Celeste's tail made her so soft and squishy, too. "Aw, sssssoooo thirsty. Just like my ssssweeeeet, sssssiiiilly Limini. Doesn't that tassste ssssooooo delicioussss?"

It did! Larya couldn't get enough. She'd heard that some lamias poisoned their 'prey' with their kisses or their milk, but she'd never imagined it could taste this good, make her feel this wonderful. It almost felt wrong, like nothing should ever feel so good.

But that didn't make any sense. Larya was being silly again. She wanted to feel good, didn't she? And Celeste made her feel good. Surely nothing else mattered.

Nothing else mattered except suckling, and losing herself to Celeste, and being squeezed and toyed with, and...

The eyes.

Even as she suckled so noisily that she felt Lim would hear her, would look up and realize what was happening, would save her, Larya's gaze was transfixed on the mirror pool below. She was swaying softly in Celeste's embrace, hanging upside down from the treetops, and surely... surely, surely she had never been so beautiful as she looked in that reflection.

Larya was reflecting back up at her, a beautiful, submissive slave to her lust, to tits, to her own eyes.

To the Eyes.

She was wrapped up in coils that slinked around her so tightly she could barely breathe. Only her breasts and face were exposed. Her lips, painted scarlet earlier today, were fastened as if glued to Celeste's left breast, and her entire face—save for her eyes—was immersed within Celestes soft, comforting cleavage. So easily Celeste had seen her weakness. So easily Celeste had taken advantage of it, had indulged her in it.

And now she was spoiling Larya rotten with it, giving her everything Larya had ever dreamed up in her most embarrassing fantasies. As the coils massaged and played with her ass, she felt so limp, so helpless, so pliant. Molten.

Oh, what a slut she saw in the mirror.

But as hot as that was, the lights reflecting in her eyes were even better. Endless rippling green and blue and yellow, pulsating inward, outward, pulling her along like a boat in a whirlpool, a whirlpool that would release her only to draw her back under. And back under. And back under.

If her mouth could have opened, Larya would have been a drooling mess. If she hadn't been so desperate to suckle, she would have been crying out in bliss.

And if she wasn't actively drinking deep of this delectable poison, she might have thought to verbally agree with the vocal venom Celeste was pouring into her mind right now. As it was, all she could do was nod and suck and smile and stare. Nod and suck and smile.

"Isn't she cute," Celeste teased under her breath, just loud enough that Larya could hear it. Larya squirmed in torment as she felt Celeste's fingers flicking and playing along her exposed breasts, squeezing them, fondling them. "You didn't tell me you had a pusssssy to play with!"

Larya whimpered as the tail slid ever-so-gently between her legs, thrumming meaningfully.

"Perhapsss we should have her join us," Celeste purred, and Larya barely suppressed a squeal as the tail thrummed again. "Wouldn't that be fun? Ooh, yesss, I'll bet you'd love to share my coilsss with her, wouldn't you?"

Larya's eyes widened. But this only meant more room for the spirals. She trembled and quivered, unable to help but imagine that hot, dolled-up kitty in these coils with her...

The coils were getting tighter around her feet and arms, tying her up so snugly that Larya couldn't even imagine a way out. She wriggled anyways, savoring the sensation of them gripping her, holding her in place. In her place.

"Yessss," Celeste hissed, making Larya squirm more at that unbearably erotic voice, "you would love for me to capture her, too. Perhapsss I will. Would you like that?"

It took Larya a moment to realize she'd been asked a question. She stared into the eyes and felt like an icicle under the hot sun, slowly dripping both mind and juices down below. Lim was at the edge of the clearing, and every ounce of Larya's putty will begged the catgirl to look up, to see what was going on, to rescue her from this wicked, seductive snake...

"Well?" Celeste prompted, bouncing Larya's breasts together playfully. Larya snapped to attention.

"Nnm," Larya whined, shaking her head.

"No?" Celeste sounded amused. "But she's sssuch a cute, sssexy little thing. Is she the one you were wearing that pretty thong for?"

Larya swallowed, feeling the warm milk sliding down her throat and filling her head with bubbles.

"Jussst watch her," Celeste murmured in Larya's ear, and Larya watched from the corner of her eye as Lim twirled idly, sniffing around the site. "Ssso loyal, and yet ssso unaware. Imagine her... sssqueezed in with you..." The coils tightened, tenderly hugging Larya's rear, helping every muscle to relax and go as limp as a climaxing possumfolk.

Larya couldn't help but imagine. She could do nothing but imagine. Celeste's whispers wormed their way into her head, tormenting her with promises, with sugary desires of Lim clinging to her, kissing her, of them both being held to each other in endless, undulating pleasure as the eyes held them both in rapture...

"Imagine," Celeste cooed, "her tongue..."

Larya barely contained her pathetic mewl. She pulled away from the breast, heart swelling with the need to shout out, to scream, to... no...

Larya realized her lips had already eagerly latched onto Celeste's other nipple. She felt herself drop deeper into the eyes, unable to cope, unable to function in all this desperate desire.

In the tiny willful corner of her mind that remained, she prayed silently, Please look up. Please look up. Please look up.

Down below, she heard Lim sigh. "Must've circled back to the meeting spot. Maybe I overdid the lavender after all."

And Larya was too overcome by memories of the Lavender Dryad incident from a month back to even whimper as the catgirl pranced off, pretty pink skirt wafting with every skip.

A moment passed of silent suckling.

Then Larya felt herself being repositioned, rising back up, still suckling but now right-side-up, to stare into Celeste's own, real, beautiful spiraling eyes.

"Maybe later," Celeste said with a wicked grin. She patted Larya's head teasingly as the massage intensified, and Larya felt so wonderfully weak as the nipple at last slipped out of her mouth. "But now, then... no more running, sssweetie."

Uh-oh.

Larya felt herself get set down gently astride the end of Celeste's tail, her ass mere inches from the very tip. She lay down on her belly, staring down at the rest of Celeste's coils as they descended down to the ground like a spring. She remained high above, watching Celeste's long body slither and spiral into the shape of what almost resembled a cocoon.

At the same time, she bit her lip, feeling the tip of that tail playing delicately, first with her pussy, then with her asshole. She tried to suppress the humiliating squeaks of nervous delight, but Celeste seemed to relish drawing every pathetic sound in Larya out into the open night air for all to hear. And mock.

"Poor thing," Celeste crooned, as Larya stared and squirmed from the tail tip's attentions. The tail at last flicked back to her pussy, teasing along the outer folds. "Sssoooo very wet and ssssensssitive." Tingles prickled down Larya's spine at the word. "I'll have to take very, very good care of you, I sssee."

"Oh." Larya swallowed, staring down into the coil prison that was assembling. She felt so nice, lying here, her arms and legs hanging over the sides, her breasts and pussy tingling as the tail vibrated beneath her. So hot. "Um. But I. You see, I. Nuh." She couldn't hold in a squeak as the tail vibrated again, stronger this time.

"Shhh." Celeste stroked her hair. "Jussst focus on my coilsss, Larya. Ssstare into them."

"Unh?" Larya bit her lip. She knew she shouldn't, but anything was better than getting lost in those eyes, right? She stared down into the coils below, watching them undulate, watching layer after layer of serpentine tail spiral atop the last, coiling and slithering in an endless, pretty...

Larya's voice gave way to a soft moan as she felt her whole limp body starting to slide down headfirst. She couldn't hold onto anything. Her arms and legs hung uselessly, overcome by Celeste's endless massage from earlier. She had no strength left—long since had Larya suckled that strength away, eagerly poisoning herself for the sweetness of Celeste's milk and the sweetness of Celeste's praise.

And down, down, down she slid. An involuntary cry of pleasure slipped from her lips as her breasts and pussy rubbed across the smooth, warm, pulsating scales, like they were being stroked by a finger in the softest, most silken glove. And all the while, she stared at the coils as they drew closer.

Stared into their... pretty, sparkly, crimson spiral...

She was sinking into the coils even before her head slipped inside. She felt so dizzy. So silly. The coils just wound around and around. Around and around. Around her. Around and around. Pulling her deeper and deeper in, helping her sink deeper and deeper as Celeste laughed and cooed wordless encouragement...

Limp, horny and hypnotized, it was all Larya could do to let out a sigh of happy submission as she slid all the way inside the coils and felt the prison tighten around her. Nice and snug.

The coils held her tighter than ever before, and Larya knew there was no escaping this time. Celeste was flipping her upright, now, and Larya stared in pure adoration into those spiraling eyes. She knew she no doubt had a stupid smile of her own. Her eyes no doubt reflected that exact same colorful set of spirals.

She stared blissfully into Celeste's hypnotic eyes, beaming like a lust sprite that had just found a horny faun to play with. She wriggled eagerly as those coils began their steady, loving massage again. She couldn't wait for Celeste to stroke and caress every errant thought from her new toy's silly, slutty head.

Could she?

Everything felt so wrong. Larya wished she could place why. The spirals drew the thoughts from her like the massage drew her strength, like suckling had drawn her words. Something just felt... off.

Larya almost frowned. But she couldn't. The spirals would never allow her to look unhappy, not when she felt so good.

"My little plaything," the lamia whispered, stroking Larya's hair. Still holding the druidess in her gaze, Celeste reached down to toy mischievously with Larya's breasts—which, along with her ass, remained exposed between the coils, offered out for Celeste's delight.

Larya moaned and squrmed in helpless need as Celeste fondled her. She felt like a piece of meat. Like Celeste's personal fuckdoll.

And oh, it felt so hot. She whined as Celeste pinched her nipples and grinned—then her whines hit a different octave as Celeste reached back to grope Larya's ass, moving closer to reach, filling Larya's mind with those eyes.

"You are being," Celeste hissed, "sssuch a good girl."

"Yes," Larya heard herself say. Her voice was so weak. So breathless. So... sleepy...

"Don't you love being my good girl?" Celeste smirked "Ssssoooo sssimple to jussst obey me, yesss?" Her coils massaged around Larya's exposed ass as her hands returned to toying with Larya's poor, sensitive breasts.

"Yessss," Larya slurred. She was overwhelmed with pleasure. Her brain couldn't even string thoughts together. She just wanted to obey. Just wanted to obey Celeste. It was so simple to just obey Celeste.

"Sssso pretty." Celeste licked her lips. Out of the corner of her eye, Larya could see seven little forked tongues. "Sssooo... ssssssiiimple."

"Pretty," Larya cooed, smiling into Celeste's eyes. "Sssimple!"

Celeste giggled. Larya found herself giggling back.

She writhed in ecstasy as the coils massaged her once more into a liquid, putty in Celeste's grip. She felt so pretty. She felt so simple.

Celeste made her pretty. Celeste made her simple.

She loved Celeste.

As this thought spiraled into Larya's happy, empty and yet so heavy head, Larya stirred.

Okay. This was... this was maybe starting to get a little, um. Dangerous. She loved Lim. She loved Lim, her catgirl. Not this strange lamia. Playing with fey was all well and good—unlike demons and vampires, most fey were happy to let a careless druidess go after a little playtime—but this was going too far. Her mind sparked and sputtered, trying to remind herself of that.

Celeste must have noticed her sudden disquiet, though, because she leaned in with an even bigger smile. "Oh, pretty girl," she murmured, a finger playing along Larya's quivering, parted lips, "this is all you've ever hungered for. Lusssted for." Her voice sent shivers up and down Larya's back, which were promptly massaged away by her tight coils. "All you wanted... was to sssssubmit."

Larya's breath caught.

And she blinked.

"I told you," she said, her voice quavering but rising in determination, "I can handle fey!"

And Larya flung herself into the World Base, diving into that ethereal space, reaching for Celeste's essence to toy and tickle it into a helpless, needy—

Wait.

Larya barely had time to register the strange Wrongness of that essence—all barbed wire and sparks and static and white noise and the stench of brimstone—before the coils suddenly tightened. And as she stared into Celeste's smug face, and those flashing, dangerous eyes, Larya felt something... pressing between her legs.

"Oh, did I forget to mention?" Celeste teased, leaning very, very close. "I am not a fey at all."

Larya's eyes widened.

And Celeste's cock slid out all the way, and into Larya's slick, hot cunt.

Her big, demonic cock.

Oh. Oh, no. Demon. Oh, no, no, no, nnnn—

Larya squealed and cried out, her eyes the size of saucers—and full of Celeste's demonic spirals—as she was, at long last, filled in that other wonderful way. She took it all inside her, pulsating, vibrant, and unbearable, sinful pleasure flooded inside her like a dam had burst. 'Demon' and 'fey' no longer mattered, no longer had any difference at all.

Only this mattered. Only this.

"Isn't this what you want?" Celeste cooed, her coils holding Larya totally helpless, slowly lifting the druidess up and down the shaft, bouncing Larya atop the cock.

"Y-Yes!" Larya stammered, bouncing in helpless need, her whole mind dribbling away with every thrust inside her needy pussy. "Yes! I w-want it! Oh, I n-need it!"

"Of courssse you do," Celeste purred. "And you dessserve nothing lesss."

Larya whimpered and nodded, lost in the spirals, lost, wonderfully lost, letting Celeste fuck her—letting this demon take her, as she'd so, so longed to be taken for so long. She'd been in denial, denying her submissiveness, neglecting how badly she needed to be owned.

And now she would be owned by a demon. The thought should have scared her, but right now, overwhelmed with sinful, greedy pleasure, Larya could only beam and babble as she came.

Liquid bliss exploded in her mind, and Celeste cooed and praised her, the coils massaging Larya's shoulders as the cock milked the orgasm from Larya's trembling body, as the coils helped Larya keep bouncing. She let out a scream of ecstasy that must have lasted for a whole minute.

But it did not slow down.

Now Celeste was holding Larya in her arms, kissing her, and Larya felt those numerous demonic forked tongues playing with her own, wrestling with it, holding it captive. Larya cried out into the kiss as the cock pounded into her, filling her whole body, filling her whole mind.

The eyes bored into her endlessly. Larya whimpered and begged with her gaze, with her squirming form, with her contracting pussy—please, please please.

More.

The cock surged inside her, and Larya's body was rocked like a toy boat in a hurricane as she came again, her very essence mere putty for Celeste to shape—and for that demonic cock and these warm, demonic coils to melt down into submissive goo.

Time lost all meaning as Larya drowned in the kiss, drowned in the orgasm. Her head felt lighter and fluffier than cotton candy clouds, and yet heavier than a waterskin filled with honey. She felt so dumb. So easy. So simple and obedient. Her lips remained parted, her tongue lolling out, as Celeste pulled away and beamed down at her.

The cock slipped out of Larya, and she couldn't even beg for more, she felt so weak, so spent. She just stared up dreamily at Celeste as the coils slowly rotated her, turning her away from the beautiful eyes and down to her reflection.

Her eyes reflected those beautiful, seductive spirals, as well as those of the demoness who loomed over her from behind as Larya was placed in a kneeling position on the ground, her upper body still held tightly as her legs were released. Her legs tingled, unaccustomed to the cold night air. But Larya's upper body remained warm. Her head remained empty.

She beamed down at her reflection and giggled. She looked like such a slut. Such a sexy, submissive slut.
