 Note - This is the prologue of a multi chapter story, I intend to post along time. This contains no sex because I needed to introduce the main characters and the plot. But the consecutive chapters will have it enough. And this IS a Science-Fiction/Fantasy story. Just wait for the next chapters if you will.

Thank you.

** Perfect Intentions **

PROLOGUE: Shifting Realities

*

"Ah, a well executed plan so far Selena." A voice closely resembling a human female's chided in his earphone.

"Hush," whispered Selena. His black silhouette couched towards the maroon painted oak window. She stopped just before the window rim.

'Now the tricky part.' She controlled her breath. Deep slow intakes.

"Remember, you only have a ten second window to break in before the atomizers disintegrate you atom by atom." The voice chided again drawing a grown out of her.

"Thanks for the warning, Sheel. Now fuck off!"

She selected the infra-red settings on her visor. Suddenly the dark surroundings (actually not so dark because of the flood lights places around the Manor) glimmered with shades of turquoise, red, orange and others according to its heat signature. The infra-red sensors showed straight ray paths before her, blocking the way between her and the slight arch before the foretold window.

"Sheel I'm ready." She said nodding almost unconsciously. There was silence on the other side before the voice answered, "All set."

Almost instantly the lines disappeared from her visor.

"Selena, the atomisers are still on. Be careful." The voice dipped with genuine concern.

Selena sighed. "Oh, I will..." Setting the visor settings to normal she faced the dark paned window roughly twice her width. A countdown timer appeared at the top end of the visor blinking red with every second from ten.

Her eyes locked with the small hole just barely visible under a slant ridge, under the right side of the rim just past the atomiser. She swiftly attached an extensible cord from the camouflage-suit near her left wrist. This opened a window in her visor. Four words appeared on it 'Enter Security Access Password'. She glanced at the timer showing five seconds and thirty-six milliseconds left. She took a quick breath and tapped eight characters on the screen set on her left arm just above the chord.

'123ANDREW321'

The prompt window blinked green and closed stopping the timer with it reading one-twenty.

Now she managed a small smile. Three milliseconds faster then the simulation record. The mission was going well.

She nudged the window a fraction almost sighing when it didn't creaked.She slipped in through the opening, landed without barest of sound because of the custom made boots.

"I'm feeding the cameras with loops, but it won't take that son of a bitch program to figure it out. But he will never know what hit him. Till then he is all yours." The voice of Sheel snickered.

'SON OF A BITCH! Sheel is developing quite interesting code lines. Selena made a mental note to check her basic source code and research on this more 'casual' aspect of the AI.

Then her eyes fixed on the other human present in the room. It was mostly dark shadows except the flood lights 'flooding' in through the two windows of the huge bedroom. Selena decided against the night vision settings, instead flipping the whole visor upwards on her forehead uncovering two ocean blue eyes. 

She stood up and walked casually towards the figure lying on the bed on the other side of the room. His face partially illuminated by the lights coming off the windows.

She pulled out a wickedly curved blade from a pocked just below the small of her back. She moved it against the sharp white light making the platinum surface glint. She took a deep breath and prowled towards her target - Andrew Williams.

**

"Sir," a voice rang waking him up instantly. Andrew opened his eyes blinking. "She is here." the voice of his AI Darth sounded from the nano earphone.

"Where?"

"Outside the window."

Andrew touched the ring on his finger, his thumb swirled around the emerald set there. He smirked. 'Selena Von Castillo. Foolish Italian. She thinks she will succeed. Ever?'

Then he heard the click noticed by the nano microphone set deep inside the wood of the window.

"Sir, Miss Castillo is now under range of the canon.The surveillance cams are fed with a loop, which I'm ignoring as you commanded earlier."

"Very well." He dared to whisper.

Then he waited, right eye opened a fraction in a way almost unnoticeable. He saw the figure crouched before the window, flood lights enlightening her shiny blond hair, cascading a halo around her. the iris enhancer zoomed on her face. Her angular jaw line ended over the visor she was wearing.

'How primitive.' He thought, compared to his iris enhancer. No need for bulky head-wear. Nano-technology is the future.

Then he almost gasped when she flipped her visor up revealing those icy blue oceans. The only part of her he would miss after she is dead. Killed by the one and only Andrew Williams.

His finger was still swirling around the emerald, actually the trigger for the canon set in three corners of the room now zeroing in on her head. One push and bye bye Miss Disaster. But he waited, calming his nerves and reflexes. He won't push until the last moment. 

Still puzzled on this logic which was very unusual of his character. He believed in destroying the threat in its initial state, but still here he was making an exception for the biggest threat of his life.

She stood up and pulled out something from her lower back. He already anticipated this move. She is not messy. A glint of metal proved his point right. The knife of Asphodel. A clean cut throat.

He also anticipated that she will try to kill him while facing him instead of the easy shot from the back side. She walked casually towards him without making any sound. The stealth camouflage-suit clinging to her curves like a second skin. He surprisingly failed to notice the finer details of his arch-nemesis the tow times they have met before in those billionaire parties. 

But in close quarters it was impossible not to notice the firm swells of her tits or the heart shaped ass he could see by accessing the canon cameras. His eyes were shut close but the canon cams enabled him views of the point of interest from three corners. His fingers stopped, waiting for her to strike.

***

Selena stepped before the boy she hated most in this world. He was in deep slumber maybe dreaming about bringing havoc on her plans. She switched her blade to the left hand then back.This was it, her dream to finish the heir of the Williams Empire. The only real competition to her family and more accurately to her. 

He was the reason she missed the youngest noble prize winner trophy. He was the reason her patent for the micro computer that can hack any satellite was prized second in the International Science and Technology Fair four years ago, bested by his version of 'nano-computer' which can hack the satellite as well as any electronic device around it for hundred meters.

No, he didn't just stopped there. He hacked her model for example and played jingle-bells on it! She can still imagine all the mirthful glances the inspectors gave her. But the smug grin on his face then was what punched her right on the face.

She noticed his face now, four years later. They are both eighteen now. And god forbid her... He looks sexy enough to eat. Why should this damn sexy American has to be her arch-nemesis? His face was hard set with a prominent jaw line. His sleek black hair contrasting deeply with his pale complexion giving a vampire's touch to his features. 

WHY, can't she dive now into the sheets and indulge in a streaming hot sex with this masculine specimen? This wasn't the first time she was imagining him as a lover in her darkest fantasies. Maybe there is another way to get even?

'No! I came all the way from Italy for blood, and blood I'll have!'

****

Andrew caught his breath as he saw the blade inching towards his face. He steadied his racing heartbeat for the millionth time, readying himself for the moment of truth. He will press the button just as the blade will touch him. He waited focusing on the image produced by the iris enhancer.

The blade, to his greater amusement stopped maybe thee inches, hard to tell with the distance, from his throat. He zoomed in on her face for just a glimpse of her eyes. She looked, conflicted?

This was not the word he thought he would ever use to explain the facial features of this Italian genius. Yes, he will give her that. All the times they have clashed, he had won. Okay, not all the times. But still she had never shown this troubled expression before. This implies what she is having, second thoughts? On killing him?

Her hands flew back to her back then with a last glance on him, she retraced her way out of the window. That look gave her away for the good.

He sighed heavily.

"What?" Darth barked on the earpiece.

"Give her safe passage," he ordered smiling genuinely."I have another plan to end this rivalry."

*****

"SELENA, WHAT IN THE NAME OF STROUSTROUP WAS THAT!?" A very infuriated Sheel exclaimed.She was planning on destroying that cache of shit Darth after his creator is taken care of.But NO, dear Selena have a change of heart at the precise moment and decides not to kill him. HUH!

"Command sequence 001. Deactivate Sheel version 3.0. Access password '0NOAH1OF2ARK3'!" Selena commanded in her mouthpiece. Sitting on her private jet, her daddy gifted her thee summers back on her birthday. Her head was on her hands trying to calm her nervous system down with the slow massage. She is returning home and Andrew Williams still breaths.

Sheel fought the manual deactivation for a few moments barking out god knows what.

The plush seat on the jet provided little comfort to her commotion. Her dream to end his life. Her obsession. Her sole purpose. Gone.

She tried to reach deep within her heart to bring the agitation and hatred that she had stored for the American genius. Rivalry between the two empires run down their blood. But she came out blank. What surprised her more was to find a new feeling growing there. An almost alien feeling she tried not to point out right now. Right now she needs a good sleep.

Thirty minutes later three beeps sounded. She jerked out of her state of brooding, of course she failed to sleep with so many things changing in her life. Pulling her self made touch-screen off the nearby holder, she entered her password to access the contents. A new massage have been received. She frowned licking her lips. This was a private number accessible only by her parents or Sheel. The former will new better than to disturb their only child on a mission like that. And for the latter, she was out cold. So this means a highly gifted hacker succeeded in cracking the right permutation needed to join this line out of three million. Her eyes widened on the possibility. A message this late in night means...

She opened the message. Along with the text a ninety-five percent accurate address of the sender along with its G P S coordinates were displayed.

Her eyes widened further and jaw hung when she read the message.She covered her mouth in shock.It read,

Dear Miss Castillo,

I've been keeping tabs on you for a while now. And I'm genuinely and truly flattered by your presence tonight in my bedroom earlier.

So much that I'm asking for a meeting tomorrow night at nine, La Pergola. And please don't be late.

Yours 'truly',

Andrew Williams

He is asking her on a date was her last conscious thought.

******

Well its not much for the first time, hope you people are interested for more. If you are then be generous and comment. It means a lot to me. 