 Cassie was standing on the sidewalk in front of her townhouse when Jim pulled up to the curb, about fifteen minutes after leaving the doctor's office. She was rapidly tapping an irritated foot. "You're late."

Walking up the path to her door, Jim couldn't help but notice the soft swells of her breasts peeking over the top of her low-cut dress. 

Jim grabbed her, drew her close and held her tight, shifting his eyes away from her breasts to look into her eyes. "Sorry babe, I ran late at the doctor's." Kissing Cassie on her neck, Jim silently hoped she would want to go out for dinner because it wouldn't take much for his dick to come alive...and possibly drown her to death!

Then he heard the dreaded words, "Let's stay in tonight!" And she grabbed his hand and pulled him through the front door. 

Damn! " Following her to the kitchen, Jim quickly adjusted his growing hard-on and silently prayed that she wouldn't want to suck him off, before they did it...like she usually did. God help her if she did!

Settling back into the plush couch after dinner, Jim tried not to respond to Cassie's groping fingers. Sucking on that sweet tongue of hers was taking him to that place only they could go, real quick, and he could feel his dick rising to the occasion.

"Ummmm...baby I've missed you so bad." Cassie was stroking his hard-on through his jeans and Jim kissed her deeper in response. 

"Baby, I want to suck your dick." 

Oh shit! Jim suddenly opened his eyes. "Baby, I don't think that's ..." 

But Cassie was already freeing his hard rod from his zipper, while dropping to her knees at the same time. And her warm breath, that was grazing the underside of his throbbing erection. Felt good as fuck!

"Cassie look." Jim tried again, "Babe we need to talk first because..."Oh God!" Jim's eyes snapped shut again as he felt Cassie's hot tongue slide over the under- side of his dick, slowly traveling the full length of it and then licking underneath his mushroom.

"Dammmnnn baby! That feels good as shit!" Jim opened his eyes and gazed into Cassie's, never dropping eye contact.

Cassie continued her assault on Jim's hard-on, intensifying her sucking and, now, weaving her hands under his ass to massage his balls and rectum. Jim slid farther down the couch and opened his legs wider, pushing his hard dick deeper down Cassie's throat.

Jim grabbed a handful of Cassie's deep russet strands and watched her expression as he rhythmically feed her his long dick," That's right baby, suck on it. Suck on that hard dick!"

Picking up speed, Cassie shoved her hands under Jim's ass, shoving his rod even deeper down her throat, hollowing her cheeks, never losing suction, with strands of precum dripping down her chin. 

"Ummmmmm..." She hummed on his dick as he feed it to her.

Jim could feel his ball suddenly tighten and clenching his teeth, Jim threw his head back and hissed, "Fuck yeah, I'm gonna come baby, I'm about to explode in your mouth!" 

"UUMMPPHHH." The sounds coming from Cassie's mouth were a low murmur compared to the roaring in Jim's ears as the first throes of orgasm took hold, taking hold of his hips and thrusting them forward with a force that almost knocked Cassie off her knees.

Jim's ass lifted off the couch and his grip tightened on Cassie's hair. "C...A...S...S...I...E...!" Jim's sweet relief was rushing through the head of his dick, exploding down Cassie's throat and all around hid engorged dick. Jim had no control over his body it seemed, and kept thrusting his hips toward Cassie's mouth with alarming speed, trying to shove his dick as far down her throat as he could get it. Her mouth was making hid dick feel glorious!

Jim heard Cassie make a gurgling noise and felt her mouth go slack on his spurting dick. Jim's eyes flew open, "What ...the ...Fuck?" 

Cassie was drenched in a sea of cum! Jim loosened his grip on her hair and sat up as the surreal scene around him slowly came into view. Streams of cum were everywhere! Dripping off his girlfriend's head, down the sides of her face, down her neck and disappearing into the folds of her breasts. Jim could feel the warmth of his cum pooled underneath his ass, and he could see it ripping down the sides of the couch. 

"Daaaaammmmnnnnn!" Jim didn't know rather to laugh out loud or shed tears. He felt a rush of embarrassment for the mess he'd made. "Babe I'm sorry! It just felt so fucking great and I couldn't stop cumming...and cuuming!'

Cassie got up from her knees, and bent over, thick ropes of cum still dripping down her dress. "Baby," she took Jim's face in her hands, "don't be sorry. This is kind weird, yeah but I love you. We will work through this together" And she lightly kissed his lips.

Jim pulled her closer, into his arms, "Thanks baby. I guess it's time to make another doctor's appointment" 

Jim returned Cassie's kisses, as he held her close, but his mind was on the beautiful doctor Kennedy. 

Maybe he'd make his next appointment a house call. He needed to talk to the doctor once and for all about what in the hell was in those shots she was administering, because at the rate he was going, Jim could easily be up to a half gallon of cum in no time!

He also wanted to know about this sperm donor clinic Dr. Kennedy had mentioned earlier this month. Could this clinic somehow be tied to the reason she was administering these vitamins shots? Jim vowed to find out.

But mostly, and Jim could feel his dick twitch at this last thought... Jim couldn't help but wonder how the beautiful doctor would look drenched in his next load of cum!