 I first met the woman with whom I was later to spend a great deal of time at a conference of our company's mid-level executives. I had seen her several times before but had no idea that she was an executive. She had always dressed rather simply but in good taste, unlike other "secretaries," as I at first thought she was.

Her name was Alayne Catterall, as I learned as we chatted during one of the breaks interspersed in the all-day conference. She was in Personnel, and I learned afterwards that she'd had an impressive record in direct sales before she was promoted to a staff position in what appeared to me to be an incongruous department for a person with her abilities.. The person who told me about her was of the opinion that she was going far, and seemed to be a bit enamored of her. Several others with whom I casually spoke of her, men and women, all seemed to regard her with—what can I call it?—a sort of reverence?

Over the next few months...I had little to do with Personnel, being deep in R&D...I thought about Ms Catterall rather more than our casual acquaintance seemed to justify. Three or four times I dreamed of her, and I always awoke with a throbbing erection, although I could recall no erotic content to any of the dreams. Rather I seemed to see her always fully dressed, an object of desire, true, but not of the same intense sexual desire with which I had always regarded attractive women in my lifetime. 

Alayne seemed to be on some sort of pinnacle, well above me, but, I was convinced, certainly attainable if I did...what?...I did not know.

Now, although Alayne was strangely attractive, I could not say that she was beautiful, yet she had a certain élan which made her the center of interest wherever she happened to be. She was about five foot six tall, perhaps a 36 bust, a narrow waist, slim hips, long legs...at least she gave that appearance.

Her hair was a ruddy brown, not quite auburn, which she wore to her shoulders in a casual wave which never seemed to be mussed. I thought her eyes were deep blue, maybe green or hazel; I was never sure, later.

In June of the year in which I met Alayne I won a relatively modest amount in the state lottery, yet an amount which made it possible for me to "retire" in some comfort for the rest of my days. I made no such decision at once, I assure you, but remained more or less content with my position in Research. I was well set after the various taxes had been paid and I did purchase a comfortable small home well out in the country, carefully away from any large wooded areas but close to the commuter rail line, a new, not very flashy medium sized car and a few appurtenances which I had always wanted but never felt that I could afford. For convenience, I continued to use the rapid transit system to commute, rather than pay $25.00 per day for parking.

Perhaps three weeks after all the hoopla over my winning this lottery had died down, I got a call at the lab from...of all people...Alayne.

I was a mite suspicious of a possible "gold digging" motive at first, but she made no mention of that, rather her question...her information... concerned a course which she said I could take at company expense on a certain aspect of our R&D in which I was very interested. I asked the normal questions: Take my own car? Travel expense reimbursed? Per diem? She answered all with no hesitation, but at the end she said,

"Bob, there is another course being given by the same institution at the same time which my boss thinks I should take. If you intend to drive...and that is what you indicated...would I incommode you if I asked to ride with you there and back?" 

Well I was a bit flattered and I hardly hesitated to assent. The trip would take two days one way, so she had allowed us sufficient travel time and I intended to stop over at a hotel I knew well. I mentioned this to her and she said something that quite astounded me.

"Well, in that case, Bob, we won't need two rooms, I'll bunk in with you...all right?" That shook me up, I can tell you. It also began to get my hopes and other things up.

"Why...if you don't mind, Alayne, why should I?"

"I don't mind, Bob. You needn't worry about me, I can quite take care of myself, Make that twin beds, eh?" "Sure. O K, see you Tuesday, ten o'clock in the 'wedding cake." I'll garage my car there." We called the many floored garage next door that, originally a joke, then a designation. 

We met as planned. I'd had a busy morning already, and I could tell that Alayne was as glad as I to be leaving the city. We hit the Interstate quickly, there being little...well, comparatively little...traffic at 10:30 on a work-day. By late lunchtime, about 3:30, we had covered about 265 miles and we were both hungry. I pulled into a truck stop I remembered being clean and serving good, plain food. Alayne seemed to enjoy that, as well as the beer apiece...draft, too...that I ordered.

"I was wondering if you liked beer, I don't know why I thought you did." I grinned at her, very satisfied with the lunch.

"Yes, I like beer a lot. Think it's odd for a girl, do you?" she answered. 

"You're not an 'odd" girl, Alayne, but you are a bit out of the ordinary....a good bit, if you don't mind my saying so."

"Yes, I am more than a good bit out of the ordinary, Bob. You may discover that...sometime." She smiled and rose, ready to go. I suggested the restrooms, and she grinned and said, 

"Yep. I assume they're as clean as the food was good?"

"Certainly the men's room is."

"O K, meet you at the car."

We seemed to hit a spot of luck that afternoon and early evening, for we made a bit more than 200 miles before we reached our night's stopping place, the Hotel Curzon, at about 7:30. We had a drink and a light supper and went to our room.

"You first, Alayne?" I offered, tentatively.

"Thanks. D'you mind if I take the bed closest to the door?"

"No," I grinned, but I wondered why.

Normally I'd be sleeping in my skivvies, but since I had known I'd have Alayne with me I'd brought along a pair of light weight pajamas, short sleeves and short bottoms. I was sitting in just my trousers and underwear on the bed next the window looking down at the street when Alayne opened the bathroom door and came back into the room. I turned and saw that she was in a semi-transparent shortie nightgown that barely covered her ass. The light of the bathroom—I having turned down all but one dim light in the bedroom—outlined her gorgeous body as though she were wearing nothing at all.

"Good...God, Alayne!" I said, extremely startled and already rigid. I was too startled to realise that I had risen in shock, I suppose, and my erection poked forward in my trousers like a tent pole.

"Well...didn't you think I was expecting this, Bob?" her voice was teasing, her gaze quite calm. She had not looked at my erection, as far as I could tell. 

"But...but...I hadn't thought you were...I don't know...."

"Yes, you do, Bob. We're here together, well away from the company's rules and regulations, we have five days alone, with nothing to do but get acquainted."

"But...we have courses to attend...they'll note our absence and report...."

"No, there will be no report, Bob. The courses were to be given, true. They were canceled at the last minute, too few signed up, and I'm the only one who knew, Bob." She laughed. 

"And no one else will ever find out, you see, for I fixed that very carefully. We don't even work for the company any more, Bob. You...work for me, now!" 

That statement dumbfounded me for a moment. I had no idea what to say...Eleven hard working years down the drain? My 401k? How dare you? Who are you to...? 

No, none of that came from my mouth. Alayne murmured,

"You'd be the better for a shower, Bob. Get good and clean, hear?" I went at once to the bathroom, my penis erect and throbbing, but I finished undressing and ran the water good and warm. There was a bar of some soap in the trough, a loofah and I made considerable use of both to get myself as clean as I could. I think as I dried myself I squeaked a bit.

Alayne had obviously heard me shut off the water...she allowed me about five minutes' drying time until she said,

"Don't bother with pajamas or anything, Bob. Just come on out as soon as you're dry."

I came out, my penis beginning to rise again and she said, smiling,

"Lie on your stomach on your bed, Bob. I'll rub your back with this lotion. It'll make you feel extra good."

Well, she slathered what felt like a huge gob of cool stuff onto my back and began to massage it into my skin. I could smell something slightly familiar and at the same time very odd, and I noticed that her hands were rocking me slightly so that my penis was rubbed ever so lightly against the smooth coverlet of the bed. That simply made me harder and more and more horny, but I could not roll over while she massaged more of the stuff into my shoulders, back, butt and the backs of my legs. It did feel good, she was right about that.

Her hand, as I rolled onto one side in response to her massaging, suddenly slid across my belly and touched my penis. I felt as though she had taken me to paradise as she murmured into my ear,

"Roll over, Bob. I'll rub your front, now."

When I did my penis sprang free and stood up like a pole, longer and thicker than I remembered it. I could not move more than from side to side as she poured more of whatever goop she was using onto my chest, belly and legs and began to massage all across my front. Normally that would have had me, ticklish soul that I am, kicking and screaming at her to quit, but I said nothing as she continued to rub and stroke me. Every now and then she'd touch my penis and it would jerk and stiffen even more. I felt as though I was going to ejaculate if she were to touch me again, yet I awaited her touch, although I felt that I could do nothing whatever under her hands.

"D'you like this, Bob?" her smooth, oh so smooth voice asked.

"Ye-es, Alayne, yes." That seemed to be all I could think, all I could say — yes.

"Good. Your body is ready and I am ready, Bob. You will make long, slow love to me, Robby, in the ways I direct."

My mind and my body were certainly all for that. I could feel my penis jerk and stiffen each moment although she had not touched me again since she had asked me if I liked what she was doing.

Now, I could not tell then, and I could not tell you now if she actually spoke aloud to me or whether she used some kind of telepathy. Whatever, my mind and my body received commands or impulses to do thus and so, and my body did thus and so. I know that I kissed her mouth with great joy, slid my tongue into it and wrestled with hers, experiencing more and more anticipation and lust as I did so. I kissed her neck fervently. My mouth slid down to her perfect breast, which I encompassed and sucked lightly and then harder with my tongue moving lasciviously over her burgeoning nipple until I felt as though my mother were feeding me. Indeed, I remember some fluid entering my mouth but I had by then begun to slide slowly down her body, my mouth imprinting kisses and little suction marks as I went. I reached and explored her navel. It tasted wonderful, like some exotic fruit, changing slowly as I sucked and swallowed to tingling mint which seemed to refresh me as I pursued my goal, the juncture of her thighs and her lowest belly. 

While I kissed and sucked my way south on Alayne's lovely body, she—something, certainly—was massaging, stroking, touching me all over my body, one second stroking my balls, another second my back, the next my front...how? I was pressed tightly against Alayne, I thought...sometimes making me jerk with sexual pleasure, sometimes calming me after such an involuntary start.... 

The odor of Alayne was beckoning, sweet, salty, intensely warm and invitingly female as I neared her crotch with my seeking mouth and tongue. Above, she uttered small moans and sighs as her hands stroked my hair and head, while something still titillated my body as before...I felt my penis throb more than once and thought I had begun to ejaculate, but I had not, although my balls were almost entirely drawn into my belly from the sexual tension under which I happily labored. My mouth connected with that fold of flesh which gathers at the top when a woman's thighs are fairly tightly held together, but Alayne immediately relaxed the tension and my mouth slid easily downward and sideways across her smooth, hairless labia and my tongue slipped between those exquisite lips and initially tasted that which I had spent such a delightful time attaining.

The fluids which awaited me laved my seeking tongue, and I heard Alayne's long-drawn sigh and moan of appreciation as I slipped my tongue farther into her slippery vulva. I felt the knob just above my tongue tip, and placing my hands softly on her labia I drew them slightly apart and upward to more fully expose the epicenter of her sexual being.

Alayne's legs tightened around my neck and she squeezed and relaxed them as she humped her mound at my face, never coming close to hurting me, but causing her mound and her exposed clitoris to swell into my appreciative mouth, which covered the entire root of her desires.

"Ooh, Bobby, you are so rough!" she murmured above me.

I took my face from between her legs, dampness streaming down my chin, and asked,

"How am I rough? I was trying to be as gentle as I could."

"Your beard, Bobby. We'll have to do something to that later. Please...please, lover, keep going for now." 

I was wildly encouraged by that "please, lover" bit and re-applied myself to my suckling with increased pleasure. I could feel my own genitals beginning to tighten and knew that if I could hold off for a moment or two I would have Alayne in ecstasy.

Surely enough, in a moment she began to thrash and twist above me, her thighs clamping harder on my ears and I increased the rhythm of my licking, concentrating on her clitoris until she groaned and spasmed wildly, her fluid coating my tongue, my lips and most of my face, not to mention two of my fingers.

I had not realised that I had those two inside her, but that must have assisted her orgasm, for she was sobbing my name, over and over, as her spasms grew less intense and she seemed to be settling down. 

Suddenly I must have hit another special spot, for she spasmed again and a renewed flood of juice coated my expectant face. I licked and swallowed the liquid with gusto, the taste causing me to think that my penis exploded at that instant. As it was, I rolled over exhausted, and Alayne kissed me on my mouth, the taste like some exotic fruit which made me dizzy for a second.

"Liked that, did you, Robby?" For the first time I noticed without rancour that she was calling me by my "baby" name, one that I had not heard for many years and then only from my deceased mother when she was being tender with me.

"Yes, Alayne, I...loved it."

"You are good at cunnilingus, Robby. I think you will get better as soon as we take care of that beard, I'm sure of it."

"Oh, I would like to, Alayne, anything that will please you as much or more than just now."

"Why, Robby! What happened 'just now?'" 

"Didn't we...I mean...you said that I was very good at...what was I very good at, Alayne?"

"You're just going to get better, Robby. Now, let's take a shower, we're hot and sweaty from all that hard work."

Well, I thought I remembered doing something that took a lot of energy and was "sweaty," so a shower certainly sounded good to me. 

While we were in the shower I washed Alayne's back and front with no particular thought in my mind, and she did the same for me. I felt nothing but the pleasant brush of the washcloth over my less-tired and surely not sweaty body, and the same for hers as I washed her. We dried each other and Alayne remarked,

"I suppose you would like something to eat, eh?" and I agreed. The meal was excellent, well prepared and wonderfully cooked, yet when we had finished I could remember nothing of what we had eaten with such enjoyment.

"You know, Roberta," she said as we walked to the stairs, "I think that eventually we'll enjoy mutual cunnilingus with considerable pleasure."

"I'm sure we can, Alayne." I was not particularly excited, nor sure of what she meant by the words she'd used, and asked casually,

"When do I start work on the project, Alayne?"

"Oh, the main project has begun, but your particular part of it begins when we get to the room, Robby. You don't mind if I use your nickname, do you?"

"No, I was surprised when you were so formal after...the...meal." I could not remember what meal it was. "After all, we've been friends for some time...since high school, haven't we?"

"Fellow cheerleaders, Robby. You got Tim Owings before I did, but I got him away from you before we found out, right?"

Although I nodded acquiescence, I wondered what we'd had to find out, and for a moment or two my brain tried to figure out why I had "fallen" for a boy in high school. As I fuzzily recalled the past, Alayne and I had admitted to each other our desire for mutual sex while we were juniors and seniors, and although we had gone to the Prom with boys, that was for appearance sake...there was no tolerance for two females who loved each other in that school. But...I didn't really remember any "Tim Owings."

I noticed a change as we walked to our room...what was so different about it? It did not seem to be on the same floor as that we had left before...breakfast, was that the meal we'd just eaten? I started to mention that to Alayne, but then decided it was not worth the thought. My breasts seemed slightly larger, and I had a slight tickle between my legs. 

For just an instant then, I felt as though I were two people, one a male engineer going to some meeting that I could not quite remember...the other what I knew I was, a woman very much in love with Alayne Catterall, a close...oh so close...friend since sophomore year in high school.

I remembered our college days—where had that been..?—and the fun we'd had as roommates, studying together, comparing notes on the professor who'd tried to put the make on us and laughing at anything so silly, making long slow love on week-ends, driving all over the countryside—what countryside? We'd gone to a city college, hadn't we..?—exploring everything, including everything about each other. 

Now, more and more clearly I recalled the day that we "came out" to her parents, and the shock and then acceptance from my mother, my only living parent. Mom continued to support me in part as I finished college and graduated with a degree in...had it not been in engineering? Couldn't have been, I could remember Dr. Finneman, the chairman of the economics department, congratulating me and Alayne on our GPAs, second and third highest in the school, each of us summa cum laude. But that had been at a university, hadn't it?

I started to ask my lover and master but something kept me from completing any more thoughts concerning my education. What did it matter, my master did not want me disturbed with such thoughts, so I was not. All I wanted now was to be between her legs with my tongue tasting that nectar as it slowly filled my mouth, and her rigid clitoris tickling my upper lip as I suckled at the person who gave me sustenance, love and direction.

Alayne lay naked on our bed—had we had a double before...when?— and beckoned me oh! she was so sexy! As I bowed my head slowly to her alluring scent and waiting labia, my busy fingers preparing the way for her tongue, I felt the pleasant anticipation of her lips soon caressing my nether lips and our slowly and lovingly bringing each other off. For a second a flash of disorientation—could that have been my life?—no matter, now; I had no regrets.