 Hello everybody. I would just like to say that for those of you waiting I am working on the third chapter of Lost Souls. So fear not. It is in production. 

So i am a big fan of fantasy. I realize there is a pun in that but I will spare you all my shitty sense of humor. I read the Song of Ice and Fire books all throughout high school, and I really wanted to do a fantasy/sci fi series. 

I would also like to do a vampire series in the future. Please let me know in the comments if this is a series worth continuing, and if thats something you readers would be interested in reading. All feedback is welcomed and appreciated. 

And just a little warning since this is in a different category than I usually write, this does contain futanari. So if that isn't your thing I completely understand, but enough of my babbling and on to what you all came here for. 

All characters depicted engaging in sexual activity are eighteen years or older.

*****

Lilian's favorite time of the day was twilight. The time when the sun dipped low and everything was cast in beautiful shades of gold, orange, and red. It was considered the golden hour to photographers and Lily always tried to make the best of it. Whether she had her camera or not. 

The atmosphere it brought was magical to her, and she wished it would last forever. It was the time in between day and night where the events of the day still lingered, and the events of the next were just on the horizon.

The feeling it brought was perfect. The nostalgia for the day almost passed and the excitement for the one to come gave something to reflect fondly on, and something to look forward to. The feeling was the perfect blend of satisfaction and giddy. 

She knew it was just a pipe dream though, and it would turn tragic If the golden hour lasted forever. The magical feeling would reverse entirely. The memories of the past day would ache, and the excitement for the future would turn into longing for a time that would never come. Lily knew because she thought in pictures, and it was the same for those. 

Her passion could be fickle. A picture that was once beautiful could become ugly, or a picture that once brought fond memories could turn sour with time. However, Lily was an optimist, and she refused to let the pictures that had turned on her bring only sadness. Instead she still found beauty in them as she did with everything, and she could find lessons in every single picture no matter how big or small. 

Lily looked at the broken camera in her hands. Such a shame she thought. The camera had gotten her through college. It was the camera that helped earn her degree in photography. She was attached to it. Losing that camera was like losing a close friend. She almost wanted to have a funeral for it. Despite her mourning, she knew she was in a tough position now. Lily had gotten her first gig as a photographer, and the shoots were incredibly important. She was doing landscape photography for an outdoors magazine. 

During one of the shoots she had dropped her camera off a large rock while trying to capture the horizon through the trees. It had shattered instantly and nothing was salvageable. Lily didn't have enough money to buy a new camera. In fact, she didn't have much money for anything. It turns out it's hard to get a photography job, and of course the one time she gets an opportunity something like this happens. Lily didn't particularly care though. 

Lily felt lower than low as she stared out at the golden rays emanating off the sun. Currently she was down on her luck. She had just gotten out of college and her parents refused to support her while she chases after her pipe dream as they called it. So, Lily now lives with her girlfriend Samantha who has a good job that she can afford to support her until she gets on her feet, but without a camera her pipe dream seems even more unattainable. 

Lily stood there melancholy. She remembered her dream. Lily wanted to be a free spirit drifting through the world like wind with nothing but her camera and charm. She wanted to explore. She wanted to experience mysteries and go on adventures. She had gotten a hard dose of reality after college, and the usually optimistic Lily felt defeated. She longed to be in another place following her dreams.

Lily was going through one of the hardest times in a young adult's life. The time where they try to figure out what it is they are meant to do, and it hit the bright but naïve Lily harder than most. 

A breeze blew in and she closed her eyes. She felt it flow through her long red hair and kiss her rosy freckled cheeks. Lilian was a beautiful woman. Her breasts were full and she had an hourglass figure that drove people wild. She had the perfect percentage of body fat that left her skinny, but also curvy and thick. She could have been a model, but she preferred to be behind the camera.

Normally her good looks would aid her, but she found many people in the professional world of photography didn't take her seriously. That or they wanted sexual favors in return for hiring her. Which she turned down of course. Lily was in a committed relationship with who she thought was the love of her life. She couldn't see herself with anybody else. 

Despite that they still had polyamorous relationship as per Sam's request. Lily didn't particularly mind it. She was open minded, but it still worried her a little. Either way she looked at it, life just seemed to not go the way she wanted.

As she thought about Sam her mood lightened. She was in a tough spot, but at least she had love. As if she had summoned her she heard the door to their flat open. 

"Hey Lily where are you? I got you a present on my way home from work." She heard Sam shout. Lily smiled. She needed to see Sam. 

"I'm on the balcony." Lily shouted. She could usually be found on the balcony. The view was incredible. It had a complete view of the city's skyline, and during the golden hour it glittered like a city made of gold and jewels. 

Lily heard two snaps, and she felt Sam come up behind her. Lily felt her arms wrap around her waist, and Sam began to plant kisses along her neck. 

"Stop! You know that's my weak spot." Lily giggled. Sam was taller than her. She stood at five foot eight inches tall, and Lily was only five foot five inches. Sam was skinnier than Lily. She had an athletically built body. Her hair was black and cut chin length. She usually tucked the left side of her bangs behind her ear. Sam's breasts were smaller than Lily's. She had B-cups as opposed to Lily's DD-cups. 

"Hey babe, I got a present for you on the way home from work today." Sam said while still holding Lily around the waist. 

"It better be a caramel shake. You know I love those." Lily said hoping it was. She liked sweet things. 

"Well, that and something else. God, I spoil you." Sam said letting go of her waist and turning to lean on the railing beside Lily. She flashed her a wide smile. Lily could tell she was proud of herself. Sam usually got that kind of obnoxious self-absorbed grin when she was, but she loved the confidence Sam had in herself. 

"Well are you going to tell me what it is? Or are you just going to leave me here waiting with baited breath." Lily said in a mocking tone of voice that made Sam smile harder and roll her eyes. Sarcasm was Lily's specialty. She was a professional smartass. 

"Nope, after that I think you have to earn it." Samantha said pulling Lily inside. Lily knew where this was headed. Sam was usually horny after she got off work, and both girls had unnaturally high sex drives. 

"Oh, whatever can I do to prove I deserve it! I'll do anything, mistress!" Lily said in a playful tone as she fell into Sam's arms pleading. 

"Well, there is one thing." Sam said. "Maybe if you're a good girl and give me what I want then just maybe I will give it to you." 

"Whatever could that be mistress?" Lily said making her eyes go wide with innocence. She knew it drove Sam wild when Lily called her mistress. Samantha grabbed Lily's face and pulled it in close. She went straight for a deep kiss. Her tongue dominating Lily's. Sam's lip ring felt cool during the kiss. As Samantha pulled away she took Lily's lip between her teeth and gently pulled it. 

"I want you to be a good little girl and eat my pussy." Samantha said in a lust filled whisper. Her hands still controlling Lily's face. "Do you understand?" 

"Yes, mistress." Lily said her breath catching. When Samantha gave her commands, it drove her crazy. Lily had a large sexual appetite, and she enjoyed being dominated by more powerful women. Sam had an insatiable sexual appetite as well, and Sam talked her into having a polyamorous relationship as a result, though Lily had only ever been with other girls when Sam was involved. 

Sam was the only person she had ever been with before they opened their relationship, and Lily only ever felt comfortable when Sam was there. Otherwise all her confidence drained away. Lily was kind of a wet blanket.

Lily was already soaking wet beneath her orange sundress. Slowly she got to her knees in front of Sam. Lily felt Sam run her hand through her long red hair. Lily looked up for a moment to see Sam staring down at her in anticipation. 

Slowly Lily began to undo the buttons on Sam's tight black jeans. Her small hands worked the buttons with grace. As each one came undone and she tugged them down. They were so tight Lily had trouble getting them over Sam's big rear. Sam didn't make a move to help her. This was her slaves job after all. Finally, they came down and Lily could pull them all the way off. She could see Sam's panties soaked with anticipation. Her goth girlfriend bit her lip as she stared down at Lily. 

"Now put you face in there." Sam commanded. Lily obeyed. She pushed her face in between Sam's legs inhaling her sent. Sam had just gotten off work and hadn't yet showered. She smelled like sweat. It was a domineering smell. It turned Lily on more. It made her feel dirty like she was Sam's little whore. Women that could make her feel that way always had an advantage when it came to Lily. Despite her lack of a shower Sam always smelled good. Like a mix between feminine and masculine. 

Lily licked and played with Sam's pussy though her panties. She ran the side of her hand between the folds and licked the juices that came through the panties off it. Lily dove back in and teased her with her tongue until Sam's breath came ragged with anticipation. Lily knew she couldn't wait anymore. 

Lily pulled out from between Sam's legs. Her face was damp from sweat and Sam's juices. Lily practically tore down her panties exposing her pretty pink pussy. Black hair decorated her cunt. Lily had asked Sam to keep her pussy unshaven. It made her partner appear stronger and more dominant. Now it was Lily who couldn't wait anymore. She needed to taste that delicious looking pussy. She needed to bury her face in it. 

Lily pushed her face in between Sam's legs. She spread her legs and bent backwards allowing Lily easier access. Sam gasped and took a hand full of Lily's hair pulling it as her tongue began to move. Lily was a master of the oral arts. She slid her tongue into Sam's pussy as deep as she could. She then moved it around being sure to taste every single inch of her cunt. She then licked from her asshole to her clit. 

"Oh fuck." Sam gasped as she started to move her hips. "Keep your tongue out." Sam said, snapping twice. Sam began to lose control of herself and started to ride Lily's face. She began to thrust sliding her pussy along Lily's outstretched tongue. 

Sam pushed her head deeper between her legs. Soon her strokes were so long Lily's tongue ran from her asshole to the patch of fur resting above her pussy. Sam's cunt tasted sweet, it reminded Lily of honey. 

Sam using her face like a toy turned Lily on. Lily had a desire to feel weaker and controlled by her partner. She pretended she wasn't, told herself she wasn't, but she was a sexual deviant. She had desires and fantasies that truly weren't for the faint of heart, and her gothic girlfriend did everything in her power to make what she could come true. Lily still had some she hadn't told Sam, even though she was the person she trusted most. 

Instead of letting her continue Lily held her hips still. She pulled out from between Sam's legs and stared up at her. Lily's face was a mess. Her hair was disheveled and her orangey red bangs clung to her face. Her makeup ran down her face like she was crying due to the pussy juices that soaked her. 

She kept eye contact with Sam as she opened her mouth and sucked on her clit. She sucked and rubbed it with her tongue making Sam's legs shake at the sensation. Lily stared at Sam with her wide innocent eyes as she coaxed the orgasm out of her. 

Soon, Sam's legs began to shake even more and she let out a low groan. Her cum flowed like a river into Lily's mouth and over her face. She began bucking her hips again fucking her face harder than before as she came. Sam's orgasm shook her to her core, and she stared into Lily's big blue eyes the entire time. 

Finally, she took a step back on jelly legs. Sam stared down at the radiant girl in her orange sun dress. Her face drenched with cum. She needed to taste her. Sam snapped her finger twice. She pounced on Lily like a panther. In an instant Lily's underwear had come off and Sam was between her legs. She wasted no time. Sam sucked her pink cunt and plunged her fingers into Lily. She curled her fingers inside Lily's pussy to find her button, and judging by the moan her small voice could conjure she found it.

Lily was shaking with pleasure as she lay on her back with Sam assaulting her pussy. Sam had a long tongue that could reach deep inside her. She moved from fingering Lily to rubbing her clit. She was met with the sound of Lily's sweet tiny mewling moans. The innocence of them lit a predatory fire within Sam. It didn't take long until Lily was riding the edges of an orgasm. She could tell it was about to wash over her like a wave by the way her hips shook with the long licks Sam took. Just as Lily got to her peak Sam stopped.

Lily whimpered and pleaded with her big blue eyes. Sam was done, but just with that part of her. She grabbed Lily behind the knees and pushed her legs up. Lily's ass was now propped into the air and spread wide by the position. 

"I know you like it here. I figured I'd finish you off with this." Sam said, snapping twice. She pushed her face back between her legs. This time lower. Her nose was in her pussy and she could smell Lily's sweet scent. Her tongue massaged Lily's asshole, and she moaned loudly in response to the sensation. Sam ran her tongue around the rim before plunging her long tongue deep inside. Lily had to reach out and hold onto Sam's legs beside her as she lay on her back with her ass in the air. 

Sam felt Lily's orgasm coming by the way she clenched around her tongue. Quickly Sam reached up and began to furiously rub her clit as she held Lily's ass in the air. Sam's fingers sunk into the soft amiable flesh of Lily's thick ass.

"Cum for me my little pet." Sam said with lusty tone. 

Lily's eyes rolled back and she screamed Sam's name loudly as she came. Her pussy juices squirted like a fountain. Sam pulled her tongue from Lily's asshole and sat back still rubbing her clit. She wanted to be showered in Lily's cum. Lily's muscles spasmed and she squirted long jets of cum all over Sam. By the time Lily was done cuming Sam was drenched. Lily had discovered she could squirt the first-time Sam took her.

The lovers lay on the floor with intertwined legs. Sam wrapped Lily with her long arms holding her tight. Lily's body still experienced aftershocks from the powerful orgasm her girlfriend had just given her. Lily could still feel her cunt twitching, and yet she forgot all about her woe's. She forgot about her dreams. In this moment on the floor being held by her lover she was content. 

...

Lily sat on the couch of their flat. Her hair was wet from a shower and she wore her black lacy nightgown. The one Sam liked her to wear. She supposed today turned out all right thanks to Sam. She had a mystical way of making Lily happy. It was almost like a superpower. She wouldn't be an Avenger, but she was still Lily's hero. 

"Do you want pickles on your burger?" She heard Sam ask from the kitchen. Sam was a stellar cook and Lily could hardly wait. She hadn't eaten all day because she couldn't cook and had no money to go out to eat. 

"Surprise me!" Lily said as she sat back on the couch with her caramel shake. It only took a few minutes before Sam was walking into the room with two plates of food and a weird bag. "What's that?" Lily asked. 

"This, my good lady is your present!" Sam said putting a plate of hand cut fries and a big juicy burger in front of her. Lily was practically drooling, but the bag interested her more. 

"Was I a good enough girl? Have I earned it now?" Lily said in her best innocent voice. 

"I'd say with your performance you earned it and then some, my little pet." Sam said as she sat cross-legged on the couch beside Lily ruffling her hair. Sam had an odd demeanor, and even stranger habits. She suffered from mild OCD. Sam had to snap two times and sometimes even more when she was nervous at certain intervals that her brain decided had some meaning. It helped keep her anxiety in check. They sounded one after the other. Snap, snap. "Here, I hope it's a good one. I don't know much about them besides what you tell me." Sam said as she pushed the bag to her. 

Lily pulled a camera case out of the bag and stared at Sam with wide eyes. Lily had very big eyes. Sam often joked she was an anime character.

"You got me a camera?" Lily said as tears welled up in her eyes.

Snap, snap. "Don't cry hon. I couldn't let you go without one. A photographer without her camera is like a knight without a sword." Sam said as Lily threw her arms around her. She knew it seemed silly to get so emotional over a camera, but nobody supported her dreams as much as Sam. Most people in her life looked down on her, and made fun of her and her stupid dream. Especially her parents. Lily had been treated like a doormat most of her life due to her sweet nature. 

Sam on the other hand believed in her, and believed her dreams would take them somewhere. She believed so much that she helped Lily hide what she was really going to college for from her parents. She believed in her so much that after her parents found out and gave her the boot she let her live in her home rent free. 

She even went out of her way to make sure Lily thought of it as her home too, even though she was nothing more than a jobless freeloader right now. Now she doubled down on her belief in Lily by buying her a new camera, and that meant the world to her. 

"I'm so sorry you spend so much on me. Thank you." She said quietly as she buried her face in the crook of Sam's neck to stop herself from crying. 

"Don't thank me sweetheart. I love you. I would do anything to support you. I know one day with your gift you will show me the world." Sam said as the embrace ended. Snap, snap. "Well, open it up and take a look. I don't know how good it is. I bought it from a weird pawn shop that just opened up beside my work." 

Lily unzipped the case and pulled out one of the most beautiful pieces of equipment she had ever seen. She looked at the brand name. It wasn't one she had ever heard of before. Along the side It read Traveler. She looked through the viewfinder and snapped a picture of Sam stuffing her face with a burger. She snapped twice. 

"Hey!" Samantha's yell was muffled by the big bite she had just taken. Well it's wasn't Nikon or Cannon but it was the best quality she had ever seen. She had never heard of Traveler before but it was amazing. The pictures it took were so crystal clear it put other brands to shame. 
