 Story set in high school. All high school characters are 18 year old seniors.

*****

People had been commenting on my appearance a lot this week. Not that I had gained or lost any weight, and I've had the same long haircut I've had for a while now. Instead, they would say it looked like something was out of place on my face or something. 

I thought they were crazy until one particularly boring history lesson, I noticed my hand turn black. The pigment crept up my arm, and I panicked. Fortunately, nobody seemed to notice before I hid my arm under my desk. My heart rate spiked and I tried to think of a way out. An idea hit me when I felt the urge to piss. I thought about raising my other hand to request to go to the restroom, but I quickly realized that would involve me disrupting class. All eyes would be on me and my black arm. Class would end eventually and I would be forced to leave the safety of my desk. 

Fortunately, my arm went back to my normal skintone after I focused on it for a few seconds. I breathed a sigh of relief and brought my arm back up to rest on the desk. 

The bell rang, and I was grateful to close my book. Pressure had been building in my bladder the entire class. While I was putting away my book, my arm brushed against the hot cheerleader sitting behind me. A jolt went up my arm and the back of my head tingled. I figured it was a static shock, so I apologized. 

"You're fine." She showed her pearly white teeth behind her shiny pink lip gloss. Her t-shirt was tight enough that the outline of bra was visible. I tore my eyes away, hoping she didn't see me checking her out, and zipped up my backpack.

Every other urinal was taken. This couldn't wait, so I went into a stall. I zipped down my pants and pulled out my dick. Urine flowed and I let my mind wander. The image of the cheerleader's naked body popped into my head. It was as vivid as if she were right in front of me, despite the fact that I barely talked to this girl, let alone have seen her naked. My whole body tingled for a second and the image was gone as arbitrarily as it had appeared. 

A trickle of urine splashed onto my shoes and I looked down. My dick was gone! It looked like I had a vagina, and my pubic hairs turned into a fine line instead of the untamed bush that I kept. Two lumps were on my chest, and they were soft yet firm. When I looked forward, I realized I had lost a couple inches in height and my clothes were hanging off me. 

It was difficult to walk in shoes that were now far too large for my feet and I had to hold up my pants. As soon as I stumbled out of the stall, I could feel the eyes on me. 

"What the fuck, Nikki?" somebody asked me. I simply gave him a confused look.

"Whoa, Nikki, this is the guys' room," said somebody else. "And what the fuck are you wearing?"

I turned to the mirror, and I looked like the cheerleader who sat behind me in class. Obviously, I had no makeup, but otherwise I looked just like her with the exact haircut and build. My heart sank as I started to think I was stuck like this forever. I took off my shoes, and ran for the door. More eyes looked at the cheerleader in baggy guy clothes that just bolted out of the men's restroom. I dashed for the front doors, pushing my way through crowds of students. 

I was finally alone after I got through the front doors. My breathing was ragged, and my heart felt like it was about to jump out of my chest. I started to think about how I was going to explain my new body to people. The hardest ones would be my parents and Nikki, the cheerleader whose identity I just stole. I loudly cursed with the cheerleader's voice, and wished desperately to avoid that social mess. A tingle went through my body and my clothes suddenly fit me again. I reached down to grab my dick. I was back, but for how long? And what did all this mean?

#

The rest of the school day was uneventful, and I spent every class anxiously waiting to go home to test my new ability. The final bell rang at last, and I left the class with my friends, Mike and Laura. 

"You going to the chess tournament this afternoon?" asked Mike. He was a scrawny guy with dark brown skin and thick, curly hair. His thick glasses had red frames that seemed to engulf his face. 

I shook my head, and tried to think of the best excuse on such short notice. "I'm not feeling well."

"Don't be a vagina, Stephen," said Laura. She was thin, and her baggy clothes hid her breasts, making her look even skinnier. Her glasses had black frames to match her hair, and they were much more subtle than Mike's. 

"I've really got to get home and lie down for a bit," I said. Neither of them looked convinced. They just looked disappointed. The urge to tell them the real reason swelled inside me, just so they'd now I wasn't skipping on them for no reason. 

"I was looking forward to beating you in the finals," said Mike.

"Nah, I was probably going to beat both of you in the first two rounds," said Laura.

"Ha, you wish." I reached out to shake Mike's hand as I sat on my bike. We shook and the back of my skull tingled, just like when I had touched the cheerleader earlier. Laura, as usual, made no movement to initiate physical contact and simply waved. The bike ride only took me ten minutes since I only lived two blocks away. I hastily locked my bike to our back fence and dashed for the front door. 

My mother tried to greet me, but I ran to the bathroom. I knew what she had to think, so I turned the vent on to keep appearances. I stood in front of the mirror for several minutes just studying my appearance, thinking about what happened today. 

I tried to bring the image of the cheerleader to my mind, but I now found that there were two images in my head. There was the cheerleader's image, but now Mike was in there too. He was also naked, though that made sense for my mind to know since we shower together in the locker room on a daily basis. Since his image was new, I unconsciously thought about him and my body tingled. Both images disappeared, and I looked in the mirror. Mike was looking back at me. 

The image was blurry, so I must've also copied Mike's need for glasses. It was definitely Mike though. I had the thick, curly hair that he did, I had the same nose, and the same dark complexion that he had. I practiced a few words and it was Mike's voice. I took my shirt off to see how far the transformation went. His thin wiry body was in the mirror and below me when I looked down at my chest. It was the definitely the same body I've seen change next to me in the locker room. As my pants slipped, my curiosity peaked, so I took off my pants and boxers. It was bigger, or rather, Mike's was bigger. He shaved his pubes apparently, an attribute I try not to notice while we shower. I started to play with my black cock and watch it grow until I realized that I was basically playing with my friend's wiener. 

The thought hit me, and I grinned wickedly. I once again summoned the image of the cheerleader to my mind. Now she was the only one to choose from, and my vision cleared as my body tingled. My heart raced in anticipation, and it jumped into my throat when I looked into the mirror. A naked girl with a great set of tits was looking back at me in the bathroom mirror. 

I had already seen her naked in my mind's eye, but now I had time to truly admire her body. Her tits were big enough for her fingers to reach around and squeeze. They were soft with rosy pink nipples. My nipples grew harder as I played with them until they started to resemble eraser tips. My fingers slowly slid down the thin strip of pubes that she had trimmed until I felt my wet entrance. The first pussy and tits I touch happened to be attached to me. 

I leaned against the wall and continued to play with my new anatomy. Moans escaped my lips and the sound of the cheerleader moaning in pleasure excited me even more. I felt like I was on the edge of orgasm. I reached for the toilet paper and rubbed my pussy a little longer. Pleasure exploded within me and filled my whole body. My knees buckled from under me, nearly making me fall over. I almost screamed in ecstasy as I held out a tissue, expecting cum to squirt out. None did though, so I flushed the perfectly clean toilet paper. Being a virgin, I wasn't sure if girls squirted or not when they came. Porn was inconsistent about that portrayal. 

"You alright in there honey?" My mom knocked on the door, and I rushed to lock it. "You've been in there a while. It's almost time to eat."

I almost said that I was fine, but luckily I caught myself. That would've been in Nikki's voice, which would've been bad. I willed my body to turn back to normal. My body tingled as my penis grew back and my breasts shrank. 

"I'm fine." I cut off the vent. My hands still had Nikki's juices on them, so I washed them before getting dressed. "I'll be out in a minute."

#

When I sat down for dinner, I made it a point to brush against my parents. The back of my head tingled as soon as I touched each of them, and sure enough their bodies were added to Mike's and Nikki's when I summoned the images. Seeing their naked bodies grossed me out, but I figured it might be helpful if I ever had to take their forms. Plus, I wanted to test how many images I could store, and it could be used to mess with my sister when she comes home from college in the summer. 

It was nine at night, and I knew my parents were asleep. I stripped down and tested all four forms I had in my mind. Each one I could transform into and out of with ease now that I wasn't panicking. My knees and back hurt when I turned into my dad though. He had always complained about his old sports injuries, but I had never really thought about it. 

I also wanted to test how long I could sustain a form, so I went to sleep as Mike. When I woke up and checked the mirror, I found that I was still Mike. Changing had to be a conscious effort, apparently. I changed back into myself and got ready for school. 

#

Boys and girls took PE separately, and we played basketball. The jocks naturally chose to show off while Mike and I were reduced to benchwarmers, having only a few token turns at the game before being benched just as quickly. That didn't bother me too much, since we got to watch the girls play volleyball. We watched their ass as they ran in their short shorts, and shamelessly stared at their bouncing bosoms. My favorite one to ogle was Amanda. She had huge tits that bounced wildly whenever she hit the volleyball. Her ass wasn't too bad either. Mike preferred Taylor, a lean black girl, who had an even better ass than Amanda, though she had small tits. Unlike Laura though, Taylor would always wear the tightest shirts she could to show off what she had. She never seemed to wear a bra either, so I'd often see the outline of her nipples. We had to cross our legs after half an hour. 

During the entire hour, I was itching to show, or at least tell, Mike what I could do. It took everything in me to hold back when Mike asked how my day was yesterday. I simply told him that I felt better. It had to be a secret for now until I thought about it longer. If my ability put me in danger, there was no sense in Mike knowing and being in danger too. 

The coach blew his whistle. "Alright boys, hit the showers." 

Mike and I stood up and the female coach blew her whistle too. She told the girls to do the same. A lightbulb went off in my head and I felt like an idiot for not thinking about it sooner. Everyday there was fifteen minutes allowed for showers after PE. I didn't know when Nikki had PE, but her absence told me it wasn't this hour, so she wouldn't run into herself. 

Amanda walked by me, with her long blonde hair covered in sweat. She'd worked hard, so she'd definitely be taking a shower. Taylor followed her shortly afterward and the bulge in my shorts became bigger as I thought about what I was about to do. 

"Hey Stephen," said Laura. Even in workout clothes, her breasts were only slight curves. She even wore boyish shorts that completely covered her thighs. 

"Hey Laura," I replied. "Had fun?"

"Yeah." Laura held up her notebook to show the cartoon drawings she had made. 

"Go team benchwarmers!"

Laura laughed at my comment. 

"Hurry up and get to the showers," the male coach shouted. "I don't want to hear excuses for tardies!"

"Yes sir!" The boy's locker room was through a door to the right while the girl's locker room was to the left. I thought of what lied on the other side of the door to the girl's locker room. All I needed was a chance to transform without the coaches or Laura noticing. 

"I'll see you later," Laura said before disappearing into the girl's locker room. That was one obstacle and now all I needed was for the coach to not notice. As luck would have it, one of the jocks came up to talk to the coach. I think he was on the football team, not that it mattered much to me. 

I ducked behind the bleachers and brought the image of Nikki to my mind. Her beautiful naked body appeared in my head for a second and my body tingled. My workout clothes barely fit this body, but the elastic band of my shorts held them on. I had to take off my shoes so I could run into the girls' locker room. 

Finally, I was in the secret land that every high school male fantasized about. There was the brick wall in front of me that I was accustomed the seeing from the times I tried to peek in. The corner was probably there to stop wishful peeping toms like myself. 

I turned the corner and I felt my pussy get wet immediately. Rows of eighteen year old girls were in front of me in various stages of dress. Some were only beginning to get undressed and still in their bra and panties. Some were topless. Most were naked and just coming back from the showers. 

So many naked, smooth bodies were in front of me. I thought about flirting, but that would blow my cover instantly. So I thought about what Nikki would do after PE. Nikki would shower. 

I found a free spot on a bench and started to strip. The girls were very free with their nudity, and I even spotted a couple girls fondling each other and giggling. The equivalent would never happen in the boys' locker room. I just shook my head and went for the nearest shower. 

The showers were pretty much the same as in the boys' locker room. A big, open area with tiles that had extra friction on them, interrupted by drains. Faucets were set in the wall at regular intervals, and the air was thick with steam. I picked a faucet and started washing myself. Hopefully nobody noticed my lack of soap. 

I spotted Amanda and tried not to make it too obvious I was staring at her naked body. That kind of thing gets you punched in the boys' locker room, and I didn't want to see if the same dynamics applied here. Still, she was fucking hot. Her large ass was shining from the soap she had rubbed over it. Her huge tits bounced as she scrubbed herself, and I wanted to lick her red nipples so badly. 

I decided to chance touching myself. My wet hands went over my pussy, and I fingered the front of my entrance. I flicked my small bead of flesh, which I figured was the clit that so many talk about. It felt so good and I started to get lost in myself, and I'd glance over at Amanda. She was still washing herself, completely ignorant of the fact that she was the object of my masturbation. Or even that I was masturbating at all. My nipples grew harder and I moaned under my breath. 

"Nikki?" asked a familiar voice. 

"I was just washing my pussy!" I quickly put my hands by my sides. 

"The fuck?"

I turned toward the voice and it was Laura, and I just about stumbled over at seeing her naked. Tits that barely left curves in her shirt now stood proudly from her chest with nice, puffy nipples. She was a petite girl, but I now saw she definitely had a nice rack on her skinny body. Her pussy was completely shaved. "Uh, hi Laura."

"You know me?"

"Yes?" I stuttered. "I mean, I think so. Laura is such a common name. Why are you talking to me in the shower?"

"You don't have PE this hour, do you?"

"Taking extra PE. You know us cheerleaders. Hey, are you the kind of girl that lets other girls feel them up? You know, as a joke."

Laura cocked an eyebrow but before she could ask anymore questions, somebody shouted in the main locker room. I shut off my faucet and went to see what the commotion was about. My throat nearly closed up. 

"These are guy clothes!" Taylor held up my shoes and shirt. They looked huge in her hands. "Who the fuck brought these here?"

"Stephen," Laura whispered. 

I swore in my head. Laura recognized my clothes, and she knew I was out of place here. Fuck it. "Those are mine!"

"Nikki?"

"Yeah, I know I don't have PE this hour, but I'm just getting in extra workout."

"I haven't seen you all hour." Taylor put her hands on her hips. It should be noted that she was still very naked, and her body was still very wet from the shower. 

"That's great." I reached and grabbed my clothes from her.

"First sneaking in the guy's bathroom and now you're wearing guy workout clothes to the locker room without even going to PE?"

"Haha, well, you know us cheerleaders." I put my clothes on over my wet body. It felt so weird, and my socks wouldn't even fit. "Wait, that makes me higher social class than you. Fuck you, non-cheerleader girl."

"I'm on the squad too, you dumb bitch!"

"Bye!" I ran out of the locker room, barefoot, with my socks and shoes in hand. Nobody was in the gym fortunately so I bolted for the boys' locker room. I turned back into myself a second before pushing through the locker room door. 

I caught my breath after panting from the run and went for my locker. My dick was rock hard after seeing so many naked girls, and I now had so many images to masturbate to when I got home. Until then though, I tried to tame my erection down enough for me to change into my other clothes.