 Story set in high school, but all sex participants are at least seniors over 18. Story takes place in the same universe and overlaps with my other story 'Invisible Schoolgirl' http://www.literotica.com/s/invisible-schoolgirl.

*****

My head felt like it was in a vice when I woke up. It took my hazy mind several minutes to realize I was in my parents' room. Amanda was nowhere in sight, and I had no memory of coming into this room. 

Nobody was in the room with me, but the slightly ajar door shut itself. Two foot sized indentations were on the carpet and they were approaching the bed where I was laying. My heart raced in my chest. 

Laura materialized out of thin air. I was too startled and hungover to appreciate her nudity. "What the hell, Laura?"

She giggled. "We have a lot to talk about, Steven."

I almost agreed with her until I realized I was still in Jonathan's form. "I'm not Steven, I'm Jonathan."

"Cut the crap, I know it's you, Steve. I know about your shifting."

I frowned and shifted back into myself. My hungover mind didn't register I was nude until I caught Laura checking out my junk. I swore and covered myself up. 

Laura giggled. "A bit shy when it's your own dick?"

"I bet you're less shy when you turn invisible." 

Laura shrugged, which did interesting things to her breasts. "Fair enough."

"How long have you known?" My mind was slowly appreciating the fact that Laura was standing in front of me completely naked. My cock twitched and started to lengthen. 

"About you? Just a few weeks."

"That's about how long I had the power," I said. "How'd you figure it out?"

"I followed you after you snuck into the girls' locker room," she said. Memories of seeing all the naked at school made cock get harder. It moved against my hands, and it was difficult not to masturbate.

"I didn't see you," I said a second before I realized how stupid that sounded. "Oh right, invisibility. You must be so mad at me for peeping."

Laura shook her head. "Well, I'm not exactly innocent either."

I thought for a second on what she said, and it hit me like a ton of bricks. "You spied on me?"

Laura nodded. "This ain't the first time I saw you naked."

"So, you liked it?"

"I went home to masturbate to you," said Laura. "Did you like what you saw in the locker room that day?"

I nodded. "Oh yeah. You have an amazing body."

Laura crawled onto the bed on all fours until she was right in front of me. My cock was completely hard by now. "Wouldn't you like to do something with this body?"

I grabbed Laura by the shoulders and rolled over until I was on top. There was no tingle when I touched her and I realized she must have touched me to drag me into this room. Our lips met and we explored each other's mouths. Our hands explored each other's bodies. 

It was amazing to finally be able to touch Laura's hot, petite body. Her breasts were soft and small enough to palm. She moved her hips against me as I squeezed her ass. The tip of my cock rubbed her clit and I felt her warm fluid. 

"Take me, Stephen," Laura panted. "I need your cock."

"Never heard you talk like that before."

Laura clawed at my shoulder blades and groaned. "I'm so horny!"

Laura groaned as I pushed into her, and it squeezed me when I put it in all the way. "You're so tight!"

"I'm a virgin." Laura screamed out and held me tighter. "Take it slow."

I moved back and forth inside Laura. Her nipples rubbed against mine. We looked into each other's eyes and our lips met again. My tongue explored her mouth as my dick moved in and out of her. She grabbed my ass and squeezed. I sped up my thrusts and her moans grew louder. Moans turned into orgasmic screams as we both came. 

I rocked my hips slowly as I squirted semen into her, and then finally pulled out. We lied on the bed panting and holding each other's naked bodies. 

"That was better than masturbating." Laura kissed me on the cheek. 

"How long have you been able to turn invisible?" I asked.

"A couple months."

"Got any cool stories?"

Laura grinned. "Well, there was this one time in a superstore. And it involved your friend, Amanda."

"Yes?" I was eager to hear a sex story involving Amanda and Laura. 

Laura told of how she drove to the store and stripped in the car. She was quite the exhibitionist, since she apparently stepped out of the car ass naked before turning invisible. Several men saw her naked, and then questioned if they had seen anything at all. 

Then Laura went into the store and felt up a worker named Susan. Laura rubbed Susan's pussy through her tight khakis. Susan would've had no idea what was going on, but just enjoyed it. 

"And then I saw Amanda."

"What happened then?" My dick was rock hard as I listened to the story. 

"Turn into her, and I'll show you."

My mind went black, and I saw the naked people I could turn into. The list was getting bigger. I chose Amanda and felt my organs shift around. Laura rubbed my nipple, which was much more sensitive now. 

"I rubbed her nipple just like this." The light traces of Laura's fingertips on my breast felt amazing. "She wasn't wearing a bra."

Then Laura guided them to each other. Susan and Amanda seemed to blame each other, but neither one complained. She pulled on my nipple and I could feel myself getting wet. She told me some guys came over looking for ketchup and that's when her hand landed on my thigh. It slowly crept up my smooth leg and until her fingers were on my pussy. "She didn't even wear panties under her skirt."

I moaned and reached for Laura's pussy. It was still wet and my fingers felt along her inside. Her fingers were amazing as they danced on my clit. Waves of pleasure went through me until she stopped. I begged her to keep going until I saw her face lowering between my legs. "Is this part of the story?"

"No." Laura spun her backside around until it was in my face. We lapped at each other's pussies. The faints flavor of my semen was on Laura's otherwise sweet pussy. The pulses going through me made none of that matter. 

My whole body felt pleasured and I sped up my licks. We were both moaning into each other's snatch until we found our release. Laura shouted her orgasm again while I tried to muffle mine with her pussy. A female orgasm felt too good though, and I let a couple shouts fly from my lips.

**

Laura and I stayed on my parent's bed for hours. We talked about our abilities, and we enjoyed each other's nudity. We both tried to use our powers with clothes, but she couldn't turn her clothes invisible. I almost made fake clothes, but I just ended up making saggy skin.

"So you can do things other than copy people?" Laura asked.

"With just one touch, I can copy a person's appearance." I shifted back to my normal self to get rid of the saggy skin attempt at clothing. "If I concentrate, I can manually adjust certain aspects. I accidentally turned myself black once, which is actually how I discovered my ability. Didn't know what I was doing at the time."

"Try to mimic me manually," said Laura. 

I thought of aspects of Laura. It took a lot of concentration not to go into my menu, which I accidentally did a couple times. I made myself a smaller body frame and tried to make my face look like Laura. The hair on my head grew and the hair everywhere else vanished. My chest turned into small breasts and my nipples got bigger. Turning my dick into a pussy was far too excruciating to do manually, though. 

"You look like a horrible abomination." Laura grabbed my shoulders and turned me toward the mirror. I looked like Laura, but not quite. It was a creepy almost copy of her that didn't even look human. And this copy of Laura had a dick, which made it even worse. I opened up my mental menu and turned into a perfect copy of Laura. 

"There," I said. "That's better." 

"Can you turn invisible?"

"I don't know. How do you do it?"

"I just sort of will it," she said. "I imagine it's similar to how you shapeshift."

I willed myself invisible. Nothing happened, so I shook my head before shifting back into my normal appearance. "Guess your ability is yours, and mine is mine."

"We have to be careful this though."

"Right, there are people who would kill us," I said. 

"As long as we don't make a show of using our powers in public, nobody will ever know," said Laura. "And we definitely can't tell anybody. Not even Mike."

When we got dressed and left my parents' room, the partiers were mostly gone. A few stragglers lie passed out around the house. Amanda and her boyfriend were gone. Mike was helping himself to some leftover pizza when I found him. 

"Everybody in the house could hear you two fucking." Mike swallowed a mouthful of pizza before sipping on a soda. "Congratulations."

"Thank you," I said proudly. I wanted to tell him that I boned Amanda too, but that would only raise questions. 

"Now I'm the only virgin," said Mike. 

"Don't worry buddy." I patted him on the back. "It'll happen someday."

More people left, most of them groaning from hangovers and some of them in various states of dress. Apparently somebody dared the cheerleader Taylor to sleep naked in the pantry. Her dark titties bounced as she ran to retrieve her clothing. Mike's eyes almost leapt out of his skull, and my cock hardened as I watched her get dressed in the kitchen. She thanked me for the party and walked out the front door as if nothing happened. 

We spent the entire rest of the day cleaning the house to make sure no trace of party was left. My parents were coming back Sunday night, and it was imperative that they didn't know a thing. Every bottle was thrown into the recycling bin, and I was very grateful that it would be picked up tomorrow. The sheets on my parents' bed had to be washed. Not sure how they'd feel about me fucking Laura, but they definitely would not approve of it in their bed. The house wasn't spotless until seven at night. 

We had a pizza delivered, and Laura pulled up her shirt to flash the delivery boy before shutting the door. She carried the pizza to the coffee table in front of the couch we were sitting on. 

"Somebody got brave after they lost their virginity." Mike reached for a slice of pizza and bit into it before wincing in pain at the hot cheese. 

Laura shrugged. "I just don't feel as shy anymore."

"Would you flash me then?" Mike laughed. 

Laura grabbed the hem of her shirt and lifted it to expose her small, perky tits. Mike's jaw dropped and my cock hardened at seeing those beauties again. She grinned. "You like them?"

Mike nodded without saying a word. 

"I remember there was a time you made fun of them," she said. "Still feel that way?"

"I take back anything bad I said about your boobs," Mike said. 

"You can touch if you like." Laura pinched her own nipples until they were hard. 

Mike looked to me. "Is that alright with you, Stephen?"

I shrugged. "If it's alright with Laura."

"I want to feel his hands on my tits," said Laura. 

Mike scooted closer and slowly reached for them. He kept looking at Laura and I as if one of us would tell him no at the last second. We never did, and his palms made contact with her soft flesh. She softly moaned at his touch. "First booby feel?"

Mike just nodded without saying a word. His dark skin was turning a shade of red, and I realized I had never seen a black person blush before. The bulge in his pants was becoming more obvious, and so was mine. There was something sexy about seeing another man touch her. 

"I've masturbated to both of you." Laura pulled her shirt completely off and tossed t across the room. Her fingers ran through Mike's curly hair. "I bet you've masturbated to me too. Haven't you?"

Mike hesitated before nodding again. 

"I bet you have a big, black cock." Laura licked her lips as Mike said nothing. "I wanna see it." 

Mike continued to massage Laura's breasts until Laura took his hands off. 

"I want to see your dick. You too, Stephen. Drop your pants."

Mike swallowed and looked to me. I just nodded and we both undid our pants. Laura helped Mike pull his down and his cock bounced as it was freed. It was definitely bigger than mine, and Laura's eyes went wide. 

"That is a fat, juicy one." Laura grabbed Mike's cock and he groaned. She pumped his dick and looked into his eyes. Without breaking rhythm, she grabbed my hand and guided it under her skirt. I rubbed her through her panties, and she was already wet. Her fingers wrapped around my cock to jerk us both. "All this touching me. Now I'm touching you." 

All three of us were moaning. Seeing Laura jerk Mike turned me so much a little precum dribble from my tip. Laura used that as lube to jerk me faster. Mike and I grabbed napkins that came with the pizza as we both neared our edges. She pumped us faster. Mike kissed Laura on the neck and I sucked on her nipple. Mike's lips smacked hers as they made out and she moaned into his mouth. Pleasure exploded within me and I continued to rub her as I came into my napkin. 

Mike groaned as he came into his napkin as well. Laura slowed her strokes on us, but never quite stopped. Her tits moved up and down as she panted. "Damn," was all Mike could say. 

"Think you got another one in you?" Laura asked. 

Both of us were still hard, and we both said yes. Laura unzipped the back of her skirt and dropped her wet panties to show her shaved pussy. She pulled up Mike's shirt to rub and kiss his chest. When he tried to reciprocate, she pushed him back and she made her way slowly down. He must have realized what was going to happen, and leaned back in the couch. Her lips covered the head of his cock and her mouth lowered. 

Laura licked the sides of Mike's shaft and he moaned. She couldn't seem to take it all in as she bobbed her head up and down. I stood up to go behind her. She was bent over so that her ass and the back of her pussy were in full view. I slid my cock into her, and she moaned with her mouth full. I grabbed her by the hips and thrust into her. 

Laura's muffled moans grew louder and she held Mike's hand. Her head bobbed up and down faster as Mike groaned. "Just like that, Laura! Yeah!"

I slapped Laura's ass as I pounded her. Mike groaned loudly and pushed his hips up. Laura's head bobbing stopped and she swallowed every drop of his cum before raising her head. She looked back at me as I thrust into her. "Yes, Stephen!"

Pressure built up and I knew it wouldn't be much longer. I sped up my thrusts and her walls squeezed me. We came together and shouted our orgasms. Her walls milked my dick for every drop before I pulled out of her. My cock shined with her juice and we all sat on the couch naked together.