 A thin blaze of liquid gold slowly spread across the gray sky, signaling the emergence of the sun, as Jim navigated the narrow streets headed to the donor clinic. 

"You okay baby?" Cassie, reached between them and gently squeezed his thigh.

"Yeah, I'm good." Jim murmured, keeping his eyes on the road to hide his irritation at her being here with him. He had tried to slip out while Cassie was still sleeping, but she had awakened before he could leave and Jim couldn't think of an excuse for leaving her behind. Somehow, "Hey babe, you cannot go with me because I might get to bang my beautiful doctor today," Just didn't seem right. Plus, Jim had a raging morning hard-on that was refusing to diminish and Jim was thinking he might have to visit the bathroom before he met with Doctor Kennedy.

He pulled up in front of the unassuming building and shut off the engine. A small sign reading "Research Clinic" marked the front entrance. "Hey babe, I will meet you in the front, I'm going to head to the bathroom first." Jim exited the car quickly and slammed the door.

"Wait Jim....," Cassie's high shrill followed him up the steps but Jim rushed into the door of the clinic, he was on an important mission and Cassie would just have to wait.

"Ouch!" 

Shit! Jim looked down and into the eyes of a very pretty brunette. "Oh, I am so sorry," he sputtered, forgetting for a minute his initial irritation at being cut off from his escape to the bathroom.

The petite woman was smashed up against him and Jim could see the tops of her round breasts, rendering him speechless for a moment, though he couldn't stop himself from wondering what her nipples tasted like.

The view was having a profound effect on Jim and he struggled for a polite way to excuse himself, without having to explain why his dick was pushing against the thin fabric of her lab coat!

The brunette didn't move for a minute, her vibrant green eyes locked on Jim and made him uncomfortable for some reason, He quickly though of something to say to break the silence. "Are you okay?"

"I'm f-fine, "the brunette extracted herself from Jim and stepped back. "Can I help you with something?" She straightened her top and smiled.

"I just need to get to a bathroom. Could you point me in the right direction?" Jim found himself staring at her full lips.

"Sure, the bathroom is ......" Jim turned in the direction she was pointing and was about to walk away when a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks. 

"Jim glad to see you made it!"

Doctor Kennedy was standing between Jim and the bathroom. Her almond-shaped eyes were shining brightly.

"Hey babe. There you are!" Cassie sauntered up next to him. 

Dammit! Didn't look he was going to get any time alone this morning. Jim looked down between his legs, willing his dick to behave. 

Doctor Kennedy seemed in a hurry this morning. "Let's get you on the table Jim." 

Struggling to keep up with Doctor Kennedy as he followed her, Jim noticed that the brunette was following them he began to regret Cassie's presence. 

In the examination room, Doctor Kennedy turned to Cassie. "Hi, I'm Alicia Kennedy, Jim's physician," throwing a quick smile in Jim's directions, "for now anyway." 
 Jim watched as his girlfriend give a long, admiring glance at the beautiful, olive-skinned doctor. "I'm Cassie, Jim's girlfriend." She stretched out her hand toward the doctor and smiled.

Jim noticed Cassie seemed fixated on the doctor's full lips and he almost laughed as he thought about how Cassie would feel if she knew how many times the beautiful doctor had stroked him to wonderful orgasms, or "extractions" as she called them.

Doctor Kennedy seemed to be staring at Cassie too. The attraction between the two women was not lost on Jim and he felt his dick twitch as he mulled over the possibility of a threesome.

But first things first. Jim cleared his throat. "Before we get started, Doc, I have some questions about....."

But Doctor Kennedy was still staring at Cassie, and cut Jim off. "If it's okay with you, I think Cassie should stay with us during your examination Jim. I can use her." Doctor Kennedy ushered the petite brunette out of the room. "Jocelyn, I will call for you to get the specimen when we are done."

A look of disappointment registered on the pretty woman's face as she was pushed out the room and Jim thought it odd that he was feeling a tinge of disappointment himself. 

Doctor Kennedy quickly closed the door and turned to Jim, "Jocelyn usually helps me with cases like yours Jim but I think Cassie is a better fit for us today." 

"Cases like mine?" Jim sat down on one of the metal stools by the examination table, his irritation returning. Cassie took a seat on another stool and began to stroke Jim's knee, which was only making his dick grow harder but Jim ignored it. "What do you mean by that?"

Leaning against the examination table, Doctor Kennedy smiled at Jim. "Well, what I mean is, cases where I have to extract a specimen. At the donor clinic the patient usually extracts his own specimen but in your case, I think it best if I am present during extractions." 

Jim saw her glance fall between his legs and he knew that she was eager to get this session started. So was Jim, but not until she answered some questions first. Jim moved his stool closer to the doctor. "Why did you want to meet here, at the donor clinic, rather than your office may I ask?" 

Jim noticed that Doctor Kennedy fidgeted nervously and threw a quick glance at Cassie and he wondered why she was acting so strangely but was too engrossed in his conversation to ask. "Well, I wanted you to meet me here, Jim, because taking into consideration the large amounts of semen you're ejecting, I wanted to offer you the opportunity to sell some to the clink," And, adding quickly, " I mean, at least until we figure out just what is causing you to ejaculate such copious amounts." Doctor Kennedy straightened up and walked over to Jim. "And speaking of that, shall we do an extraction now? " She was standing in front of Jim now. 

Jim pushed his stool back to allow some distance between him and the doctor, "Wait, just what are in those shots doctor? I'm going to need a vial. If you want an extraction, as you call it, I'm going to need one of those vitamins vials, or I'm walking out of here." And Jim stood up, his irritation quickly bypassing his need for relief from his hard on. 

Doctor Kennedy shot Jim a look of alarm. "Now Jim, I realize you may be experiencing frustration right now because we still don't know why you are ejecting such large amounts of semen, but if you leave it to me....." 

Jim raised his hand, shutting her down. "That's the agreement doc! I want to know what is in these vitamins, check out if what you're telling me is true. So, I'm going to need a vial." And he stretched out an opened palm toward the doctor. 

Jim could see the doctor's face swiftly shift from irritation, indignation, and then, finally, resignation, "Alright Jim, though I wish you trusted me more, I will adhere to your terms."

She withdrew two vials from her lab coat and gave one to Jim. "May I ask where you might be taking this for analysis because I can refer you to......?"

Jim quickly took the vial from her hands. "No thanks. I'll find my own." Then, walking over to the examination table, Jim hopped on it and rolled up his sleeve. He had the most important thing he had come for today. Now, it was time for the other. "Let's get this party started." 

Jim could see a tinge of excitement return to Doctor Kennedy's eyes as she quickly administered the contents of the vial. She turned to Cassie. "Cassie, can you move to the foot of the table please?" 

Moving slowly, Cassie moved to the foot of the table. "Uh okay." 

Jim removed his pants then lay back on the table, amused at the look of arousal on the women's faces at the sight of his hard dick straining against the thin fabric of his underwear. He folded his arms behind his head and watched them.

Doctor Kennedy's eyes were glued to Jim's erection as she spoke. "I am usually the one who massages Jim to ejaculation," Jim smiled as he watched Doctor Kennedy wipe a bead of sweat from her top lip. "....but I think it will much better for you, Jim, if Cassie did this for you today. Are you okay with this?"

Jim nodded his approval and settled deeper into the sheet on the table.

The doctor dimmed the lights, "This may be a bit better for all of us." 

Better for all? Jim wondered, for a moment, just what the doctor meant by that, But only for a moment because  the feeling of Cassie stroking his dick through his underwear cut off his thoughts. She was running her hand slowly up and down his shaft, tracing his mushroomed head, then giving his balls a gentle squeeze. 

"Ummmmm." Jim moaned and opened his legs wider, watching Cassie closely as he usually did when she was jerking him off. 

"Raise up lover." Cassie quickly positioned her hands under Jim's ass and pushed them upward. "Let's get these underwear off baby." 

Jim raised his ass, allowing his girlfriend to remove his underwear, freeing his dick and her voice deepened as she returned to her massaging. Jim saw her lick her lips. "Damn baby, your dick looks so good right now!"

Jim lifted his head slightly and opened his legs wider, "Suck on it baby, you know you want to!"

Jim felt his breath catch as Cassie's warm tongue traveled down his hard rod, pausing to suck on each of his balls then, making a teasing trail around his puckered ass hole. 

"Ummm..." Cassie's own moans were growing louder, mixing with Jim's, and he wondered if she was playing with her pussy but didn't have the strength to raise his head to investigate. 

"Jim, I have an even better idea, if you don't mind." Doctor Kennedy's voice made it through Jim's foggy consciousness... "Cassie, would you move to the head of the table?"

Jim's eyes flew open when the wonderful feeling he was receiving suddenly stopped. He thought he saw Cassie give Doctor Kennedy's ass a quick squeeze as the two passed one another as Cassie made her way to the head of the table, but that seemed so ridiculous that Jim dismissed it. 

Doctor Kennedy continued with her instructions from the foot of the table. "Now Cassie, remove your panties and let Jim play with you. I think we can get a better extraction if we have command of all Jim's senses and I have no doubt that you have a profound effect on him."

Cassie threw a nervous glance toward the door of the examination room, then removing her panties, she placed both her thighs on either side of Jim's head, opening her legs wide and moved forward, positioning her pussy over Jim's face 

The familiar, musky aroma of her pussy wafted over to Jim's nose and his dick jumped. 

"See I told you, Jim's reacting already." Doctor Kennedy's warm, oily hands began massaging his balls, taking over where Cassie had stopped.

The smell of Cassie's pussy was driving Jim crazy and, pulling her closer, he began running an eager tongue up and down her swollen lips, letting her sweet juice pool over his tongue then sucking it down his throat. 

"Aww yes, baby, yes!" Cassie's hips began moving more urgently, moving her pussy in deliberate circles all over Jim's mouth. 

In his dazed state, Jim felt Cassie sit up briefly and when she lay back down, Jim could feel her bare, engorged nipples moving across his stomach as she rode his tongue. The feeling was driving Jim wild, compelling him to raise his ass off the table and give the doctor better access to his dick.

Doctor Kennedy tightened her grip on Jim's rod, moving her hand more deliberately up and down his raging erection, sliding her fingers under his mushroomed head, and then moving them down to the top of his balls. Jim felt one of her fingers massaging the puckered opening of his ass and it felt fucking amazing. . "That's right Jim, I want you to give me all of your come." Jim felt Cassie sink her pussy even deeper on Jim's tongue, thickly coating it with her creamy juice. He flicked his thumb over her hardened clit.

"Aww yeah baby, you got my pussy feeling so fucking good!" Cassie squealed and opened her legs wider. The smell of pussy was all around him and Jim could feel his come boiling from within and knew he would explode soon. . 

Jim felt Cassie suddenly shift positions, raise up on her elbows, her moans were much louder now, prompting him to open his eyes. 

Not sure if what he was seeing was real, Jim quickly blinked, the looked again. Cassie was up on her elbows and Jim saw Doctor Kennedy massaging one of Cassie's engorged nipples, rolling it between her fingers, licking her own lips as she pulled hard on Cassie's nipple. Though he tried to fight it, the sight made Jim even harder and he picked up speed, thrusting his dick even faster, in and out of the doctor's oiled hand. 

Cassie had begun to move faster too. "Oh yeah! That feels so fucking good baby I-I'm coming!"" And she smashed her pussy down hard on Jim's mouth, filling it with so much sweet cream that some of it escaped and Jim could feel it spilling out the sides of his mouth. 

Jim moved his tongue faster in and out of that sweet, sweet pussy, trying to get all the juice he could, as doctor Kennedy's hands brought Jim to his first throes of s strong orgasm, thrusting Jim's hips upward. 

Doctor Kennedy held Jim's dick with a firm grasp as his ass came off the table, and he grabbed the sides of the table as the first eruption of thick ropes of cum flew into the air. He shook his head from side to side, disengaging Cassie from his mouth. "FUUUCCCKKK! I'm fucking coming!" Jim closed his eyes tight against the sweet agony of relief, the feeling voluntarily thrusting his back into a severe arch as he rode the violent orgasm.

"That's it Jim, give it all to me!" Doctor Kennedy excitedly milked Jim's dick, her small hand struggling to keep up with the velocity of his ejections.

"Awwwwww fuuuccckkk! " Jim felt his thighs tense and ass clench tightly as his cum continued to spew thickly, coating his chest with thick, hot globs, traveling over his thighs and legs, and running down the sides of the table. Jim could feel the gooey mess, oozing between his fingers, loosening his grip but still he came, ass raised high in the air and muscles taunt.

He felt Cassie's hands slipping and sliding in the goo all over him but Jim was locked in the throes of a strong orgasm and could be of no help. The orgasm ripped through him, sapping all this strength, rendering Jim momentarily incapacitated. . He squeezed his eyes shut and let it have its way... 

"God yes, yessssss! " When it seemed Jim was about to lose consciousness due to the sheer ecstasy, his ass slammed down on the examination table, spent and sore, signaling the end of another powerful orgasm, though tiny ripples still traveled through his semi flaccid dick, pumping out thin ropes of cum. 

Jim was too tired to look or move. The acidic smell of cum was heavy in the air, making Jim dizzy and he had never felt so weak. 

"Jim?" Doctor Kennedy's voice tried to permeate his woozy thoughts.

"Baby?" Cassie's whisper tried to nudge him. 

Jim opened his eyes to see the two women standing side by side, staring down. Both had thick ropes of cum hanging from their hair, coating their clothing, and running down their necks, it would almost be funny but Jim could feel nothing but suspicion and mistrust toward the two so he stayed silent, opting to just watch them instead.

Jocelyn, the pretty brunette, quietly entered the room. Jim saw her eyes grow wide as Doctor Kennedy handed her a large container filled with Jim's cum. She smiled at Jim and he found himself smiling back. 

Cassie bent down and kissed him, "That was great baby. Doctor Kennedy and I are going to go clean up. "And the two women quickly disappeared.

Jim lay on the table for several minutes, trying to collect his thoughts, then sat up and looked around the room. Evidence of his cum was everywhere: coating the walls, dripping from the hanging art, making whitish trails down the cheap wallpaper, slowly sliding down the sides of the examination table, and making several pools on the laminated floor, but Jim wasn't as intrigued by all this as he usually was.

No, today, as he reached for his clothes, Jim's thoughts were on Cassie and Doctor Kennedy and what those two may be up to. 

Later, waiting in his car for Cassie's return, Jim tried to organize his racing thoughts. 

What the fuck was really going on between Cassie and Doctor Kennedy?

What was I those vitamins shots she was giving him?

And why was he so attracted to the pretty brunette he'd almost knocked to the ground earlier?

Forcing a smile as Cassie got in the car Jim started up the car. Doctor Kennedy had accompanied her to the car and was saying something to Jim but he had tuned her out.

Smile all you want ladies, for now, Jim started up his car, but I will find out just what the fuck is going on then we will see who will be smiling last!

And Jim pulled off, leaving a puff of black smoke in the doctor's face.