 Pretending to be asleep, Jim watched his girlfriend through small slits as she moved about the bedroom and felt his anger rise as she removed the vial he had hidden and put it in her purse.

What the hell did she think she was doing? 

Jim fought the temptation to confront her but, rather, watched quietly as she threw a quick glance in Jim's direction then padded rapidly to the bathroom.

Waiting until he heard the shower running, Jim hurried out of bed and threw on old jeans and tee. Hurriedly penning Cassie a note about having to meet friends for coffee, Jim rushed hurried to his car and parked around the corner from his townhouse.

Sipping on old coffee left from the day before, Jim tried to clear his head while he watched for Cassie. If he was right, she would be headed out soon and Jim had a good idea where she was going. Nothing to do but follow the bitch and confirm my suspicion. Jim took another sip of cold coffee. How to make them pay, though, was a part of the equation he hadn't worked out. 

Not yet anyway.

Soon, Cassie appeared, walked swiftly toward her car and wasted no time as she pulled away from the curb. 

Jim followed at an easy pace. His knowing where she was headed gave him the luxury of being able to keep a safe distance 

Jim made two trips around the clinic, allowing Cassie to park her SUV, then he parked his car in the rear of the building.

The back door was opened and Jim slipped in soundlessly.

Hushed voices bounced off the carpeted walls as he made his way to the front of the building, toward the familiar voices.

Cassie's voice rang loud and clear through a door standing ajar. "So I got the vial from him, though I have no idea how I'm going to explain its disappearance, now what?" 

Jim felt his anger start to rise again.

"Good," Doctor Kennedy's soft, sexy voice filled the room "We will worry about that later. I'm just glad you got it before Jim discovered what' really in those shots. " 

Jim heard Cassie's snide chuckle. "You mean him discovering the fact you have him on TRT without his knowledge? NO, he wouldn't be happy at all."

"Look Cassie, I intend to tell Jim about the testosterone injections soon enough." The sound of a drawer snapping shut resounded through the hall. "Just not now."

The sarcasm in Cassie's voice was still evident. "And when are you going to tell him that your reason behind all funding for your donor clinic?" 

Jim quickly ducked into a broom closet across from the officer holding Cassie and Doctor Kennedy and crouched on the floor. "The same day I tell him that it was all his beautiful girlfriend's idea in the first place."

Wow that bitch! A small whistle escaped Jim's lips before he could stop it and his heart ran cold. 

"And why?" The doctor's voice had a cutting tone as she continued, "Because she thought research on the psychology of the human male ejaculation would be a perfect topic for a graduate thesis, that's why! If you're trying to make me feel guilty my dear, don't forget the fact you sold your boyfriend out for a thesis!"

"Whatever Alicia!" Irritation drenched Cassie next words and Jim could hear them clearly. "We are both guilty in one way another and we need to move quickly and wrap this up. Jim's not stupid and most likely suspects us already."

You got that right bitch! Jim shifted in his hiding position, crouching closer to the floor of the closet 

"Don't worry, I have everything under control. By the time Jim even starts to get suspicious, we would have already persuaded him how much sense it makes, economically and morally, to give to the clinic. He will see how it benefits us all. It's a win-win. "

Jim noticed a decided hoarseness to Doctor Kennedy's voice as she continued, "Now, on to another subject. " Jim could hear her breath catch and grow nearer. "Watching Jim eat that sweet pussy of yours yesterday got me hot and I'm thinking it's my turn now. I'm thinking I need a little attention.

Jim strained his ears as the room went quiet. 

Jim could hear them kissing. 

"Oh yeah, do you now. 'Cassie voice was tinged with lust and Jim felt a bit of jealousy. "Well, I will have to do something about that, wont I?" Jim heard Cassie's breath suddenly catch, "Damn you know just how to make my pussy react to you! Let's see if yours reacts the same way to me."

More kissing was heard and Jim could hear zippers being unzipped. 

Doctor Kennedy gasped loudly. "Cassie, baby nobody sucks on my pussy as good as you do!" 

The moans coming from that room compelled Jim to throw caution to the wind and he eased out of the coat closet, inching closer to the open office door to look in.

Jim felt the familiar twitch in his pants when he saw Doctor Kennedy naked from the waist down, her long, olive-toned legs wrapped around Cassie's shoulders as Cassie, knelt between her legs, feasted on her pussy. 

Jim bit down hard on his bottom lip stifling a groan...

Cassie's had shed her panties and Jim could see her round ass moving up and down on her hard fingers as she worked her own slit into a frenzy. 

Jim though his dick was going to burst unless he found a place to relieve some pressure 

Doctor Kennedy's high pitched squeal echoed through the hall, "Fuck me Cassie! I have missed you so baby and need for you to fuck me baby! "And Jim saw her sit up, pulling Cassie to her feet.

Cassie was licking pussy juice off her lips as she bent forward to kiss the doctor. "You want me to fuck you baby?" She stuck her tongue deep in the doctor's mouth and shifted downward, pushing her pussy down on the doctor's sticky slit. 

The sight of the two pussies smashed against each other was driving Jim wild with desire but he knew there was nothing he could do 

For now anyway. He readjusted his hard on and continued to watch.

"Ummmm yea!" Doctor Kennedy opened her legs wider and laced them around Cassie's waist and pushed Cassie down deeper into her wet folds. 

"Shit baby!" Cassie raised her head and looked at her lover. You make my pussy feel so good. I wish I could suck you and fuck you at the same time." She moved her pale pussy faster against the doctor's.

Doctor Kennedy raised her head, straining to suck on one of Cassie's large nipples, when Cassie abruptly stopped. "no baby, I don't want to come this way, You're right, I haven't fucked you in a while so, I'm going to fuck you like crazy today!" And, hopping off the table, she reached for a drawer at the desk. 

Doctor Kennedy waited patiently, running a finger in and out of her juicy slit. Jim could see the wet trails of juice on her thighs, the sweet smell of hot pussy made his mouth water. . 

Cassie came back to stand between the doctor's legs, holding a long, pink double-headed dildo. A mall bulbous end for the wearer, and a longer, one for the receiver. Doctor Kennedy raised her head and smiled. 

"Suck on it Alicia. Get it all wet so I can fuck you with it!" Cassie thrust the longer end toward the doctor and inserted the other in her own juicy pussy...

"Ummmmm" Doctor Kennedy showed no hesitation as she reached for the hard plastic, sucking it quickly between her full lips, pulling it out of her again, and then sucking it back down as Cassie watched, slowly sliding the bulbous end in and out of her pussy.

Jim grimaced as the discomfort in his jeans grew.

Alicia looked at through heavily lidded eyed and, quickly taking the wet dildo out of her mouth, lay back on the table "Fuck me baby!' she squealed. " Fuck me with your dick!" And she opened her legs wider, offering her glistening pussy to Cassie. 

Not taking her eyes off her lover, Cassie slowly sunk the dildo deep into the doctor's wet pussy while the other end sunk deeper into her sopping slit. 

"Oh my god baby! That feels so fucking good!" Doctor Kennedy began moving her ass up and down, forcing the hard shaft deeper in her pussy, while grabbing Cassie's ass. 

Jim could see that Cassie was biting her bottom lip as she fell over into the doctor's waiting arms. Her red hair in tousled tangles all over the doctors breasts as she clenched her ass rhythmically, working that dildo in and out of the doctor's pussy, falling back on the other end as it penetrated her own. 

The look of ecstasy on the women's faces made Jim a little and he had to remind himself that he would have his vengeance later.

Their movements quickened and Jim knew that these two would come soon, meaning that he would have to leave soon. But the sexy sounds and aroma of stirred pussy juice had him spellbound and it was making Jim harder than he had ever been before, making it hard for him to leave. His need to masturbate grew with their ever groan. 

"I'm gonna come soon baby!" Cassie's familiar shrill split through the air, signaling to Jim that it was time for him to – before he lost is load and drenched the whole dam room!
He looked at the scene before him one more time, Cassie was holding the doctor tight, having slipped her hands under Doctor Kennedy's ass and the doctor the same vice grip on Cassie's. 

Both women were riding the dildo at a frenzied pace, signaling their impending orgasms, their moans so loud Jim could no longer hear himself think.

"Fuck, I'm coming baby, all over your dick!" Doctor Kennedy raised her ass in the air. "Come with me baby!"

Cassie was grimacing, eyes squeezed shut, as her hips move at frenzied pace against the doctor's body." I'm coming in your pussy baby FUUUCCCKKKK!" And she raised up on her elbows, positioning her hips back and forth.

Jim, knowing it would be over soon, got up to leave when he noticed a large box marked "Vitamin Vials" sitting near the open door.

Wonder why I didn't notice that before Jim wondered pulling his eyes away from the women.

Jim stared at the large box and the outlines of a plan began to form, causing him to smile.

The box was near enough for him to get to without being seen, if he moved quickly.

Shooting the orgasmic women a quick glance, Jim made his move and was out of the room before the women had finished their orgasm.

He glanced one last time into the office. 'Doctor Kennedy's was ass was lifted off the table rigid and taut as the ripples of her orgasm tore through her and Cassie's ass was clenched as she rode hers.

Jim smiled, as his dick made a familiar twitch. "Down bay, he rubbed his groin as he made his way to his car. You'll get yours, not tonight, but soon.

And Jim as started up his car, heading for the nearest pharmacy. Tonight, he was going to need a sleep aid because that was the only way he was going to keep his hands off his hands, especially after what he'd seen, but it would be worth it.

Jim threw back his head and laughed loudly at the thought. When he finally did let go, those bitches were going to get just what they deserved ...even if it drowned them in the process!