 Prologue

Piper was nineteen years old. She had been abducted, cataloged and confined in the largest Zyd mothership in the galaxy and placed in cryogenic sleep for over two hundred and fifty years. The Zyd had been defeated in a slave uprising and those who had been placed in cryogenic sleep awoke for the shock of their lives.

The coordinates for Earth were lost when the Zyd database computers had been damaged in the uprising. Thousands of different species were scattered throughout the galaxy with no homes to go back to. Piper was just another girl trying to survive in an alien environment and no place to go.

She had been a happy girl living in New York with dreams of becoming an actress one day. She was unable to believe in all the nonsense that was said about extraterrestrials, UFOs and little green men. That was until they came for her and all the other humans on Earth. It had been so fast that she didn't even remember being placed on the ship. She barely remembered the invasion that had devastated Earth.

It had been a nightmare at first and it took her months to adjust, but the thing about reality is there is no way to deny alien species walking around you.

Fortunately, communicating with each other was relatively easy thanks to the Zyd nanobots they had injected into her. The Zyd nanobots were still a mystery but they acted like a translating device which decoded any language or writing without having to learn the language. You could even read foreign languages as if it were your own. The Zyd nanobots also had other side effects which allowed the host body to acclimatize to hostile environments and helped to heal the body faster in case of injury.

Piper had learned that the Zyd enjoyed inflicting the maximum amount of pain on their slaves for amusement. She had been among the lucky ones to have never met her captors.

Piper had been awoken in the heat of battle by Gordanir, a huge Xenomorph who weighed close to 600 pounds of pure muscles and had the face that resembled a bull.

She still remembered his first words when he spoke to her in a rude voice, "You're free from the tyranny of the Zyd! Grab arms and help us kill the bastards."

Piper's natural reaction was to scream in terror.

"Gordanir, you fool" Bocher said. "She's never seen an alien in her life! You're scaring the poor thing."

"Where am I?" Piper wept hysterically. "What is that? I'm in hell!"

"Relax! We're the good guys," Bocher replied. "Just look into my eyes and you'll feel better child."

Piper did look into Bocher saucer-sized eyes and suddenly felt very relaxed. She later discovered that the pink-skinned alien was from a telepathic species called the Vakue. They were unusually tall with octopus looking heads. It was Bocher who was in charge of her section that had orchestrated the entire rebellion and created the resistance movement to overthrow the Zyd.

Bocher didn't seek any glory or recognition for her acts of bravery and decided to continue a quiet life with Gordanir and Piper. Slowly, the three of them began to rebuild their lives as best as they could and even moved in together.

Eventually, Piper came to love and respect her two new friends.

Chapter 1

The electronic door hissed open abruptly and a blue-skinned alien nurse thrust her head in. She wore a white miniskirt which looked more like a belt than a skirt. One could clearly see her large labia and slit which was closed and had a tiny clit protruding outwards. Her top was so tight that the buttons holding her massive bosom were about to pop open.

"Hey Doc, there's a Vakue here from Metro City. Says her human friend is dying."

"We're all dying," the doctor sighed. "Fact of life, babe."

The pink-skinned Vakue, with a large bulbous looking head and saucer-sized eyes, was already barging into the room with a human female in her arms. She looked so tiny that she almost looked like a child except that she was an adult.

"Do something," Bocher demanded.

"She's dreadful sick, Doc." The nurse continued in her slow drawl. "Has a bellyache, fever, began throwing up. Complains about pains in her belly, muscles cramping."

"Give her a nanobiotic shot and tell her to drink plenty of fluids," the Doctor rolled a smoke in his long bony fingers. He held the cigarette and took a long, gasping drag on it. "I'm going to—err 'meditate' so don't bother me you blue-skinned skank!"

He wheezed, letting the smoke burn against his lungs and dizzy his mind. He was about to lay back down on his hospital cot when his nurse interrupted him.

"Mind your manners you wrinkly old pigskin. You had better put that out Doc," the nurse insisted. "There are sting marks on her arms and legs. Her mate says that it was an Imphin plant attack."

"Are you shitting me?" The doctor glared at the nurse thinking that he was already high. 

"No Doc, I ain't shitting ya," the nurse replied dryly. "Nor am I shitting on ya, Doc."

"Tell her she's nuts. There shouldn't be Imphin plants since the fall of the Zyd." The old doctor scratched his head. "Heck, the plants shouldn't have been able to survive outside the nursery of the Zyd mothership. It's a mistake!"

"It ain't what her blood analysis is telling me," the sultry nurse in the ultra-short skirt said as she handed him the chart. "But ya the doctor... even if yar older than the universe."

"If you weren't the only nurse in a thousand miles I'd have..." the doctor continued to mumble incoherently.

Afterward, Doc shot a few questions at his nurse, frowning at what he heard. Then he began packing the few items which might help. The Zyd nanobots worked miracles in fighting off injuries and infections which found ways to cross the border. He practically didn't need to do anything serious except give nanobiotic shots, stick patients inside automated surgery tables and keep meticulous records of any possible outbreaks of people who had not been given Zyd nanobots.

So far, none of the contagious infections had managed to stop the nanobots from working its 'magic'.

However, for some reason unknown to the medical community the Zyd nanobots were unable to fight off the poison of the Imphin plant. If the nanobots weren't working to boost her immune system to fight off the poison, there was only one known possible treatment.

He riffled through his medical stores for the cure. There was a vaccine to treat the effects of the poison from the Imphin plant, fortunately. The locals had extracted a compound for him from the semen of a Shiltuh dragon. Shiltuh dragons were native to the planet and possessed incredible immune systems, but they were deeply suspicious of other species and they were also territorial.

The doctor yelled for his nurse.

"Stop yelling, doc," the blue-skinned nurse said calmly. "I'm right here."

"Nurse, I'll need more of that Shiltuh vaccine pronto. I don't want the human dying in my clinic."

"Can't get it, Doc." The nurse's eyes seemed to cloud as she said it. "Ya sold the rest of it as an aphrodisiac in the black market six months ago... remember? Ya got a great blow job from that space hookah. She even did that anal probe ya like so much—"

"That will do, nurse! That will do!" The doctor shot her a warning look. He finished packing his bag and was already checking Piper's vitals. "How did this happen and how long was it?"

"It's my fault," Bocher held her protectively in her arms. "We were on a routine patrol to investigate the debris which had fallen from orbit. The Zyd still have a lot of tech left in orbit and a lot of them fall down to the surface on re-entry. There was this one container with unusual markings. I was overly curious about investigating the contents that I totally ignored quarantine protocols. She tried to warn me and took the hit to protect me... Oh, Piper! It should've been me!"

"We can't get the vaccine in time," the doctor shook hopelessly.

"No!" Bocher wept. "There must be something that you can do."

"I—I am so sorry," the elderly man shrugged. "I can give her something for the pain. Maybe put her in an induced coma when the time comes."

"Oh Piper," Bocher kissed her on the lips. "Forgive me."

"It's okay babe," Piper forced a brave smile. "No regrets! I would do it again..."

For a second, the nurse's expression was impassive. Then the little crow's feet around her eyes deepened and the dry authority was back in her voice.

"Right, Doc. We take her straight to the source." She flipped up her thumb and went off at a shuffling run toward the ambulance shuttle.

"Are you crazy?" The doctor looked at her incredulously. "Do you know what that implies?"

"Yeah," she shrugged off as if she were talking about the weather. "She's gotta fuck a Shiltuh dragon if she wants to live. She ain't the first of her kind to do it, ya know?"

"But what if she doesn't want to do that?" The doctor hobbled behind his nurse. "Shiltuh dragons aren't exactly sociable creatures. What if they don't like her?"

"Huh," she waved her hand. "Shiltuh dragons are just like any other species in the universe. They will fuck anything with a heartbeat especially when they are horny."

"And I suppose that you know where to find one?" The doctor growled.

"Of course I do, Doc," she was already preparing the ambulance cot to strap Piper in.

"Wait just a goddamn minute!" He sat in the passenger's seat. "We still need the patient's consent!"

"Oh my gosh! Ya're so right, Doc," the blue-skinned alien nodded her head and turned to Piper. "Hey, sweetie! Can ya hear my voice?"

"Y-yes..." Piper whispered weakly.

"I need to check if ya in a rational state of mind, sweetie." The nurse held up three delicate blue fingers. "How many fingers am I holding up?"

"Err... One? No... Two fingers." Piper said faintly. "Three?"

"Meh, that's good enough for me," the nurse nodded. "I'm gonna need ya consent for treatment. In layman terms, I'm gonna describe the effects of the poison from the Imphin plant. Okay, sweetie?"

"Okay," Piper said feebly.

"Ya joints are gonna fuse together, ya arteries are gonna become so hard that the heart can't pump blood no more—not that that will matter 'cos ya insides are gonna liquidate into puddin'. As the infection crawls up ya body ya begin to feel pain. It will take about ninety days for you to die a very agonizing death." The three of them looked at the nurse very solemnly. "It ain't pretty. I can almost say that there is only one treatment left to ya, sweetie. Ya gotta do the funny business with a Shiltuh dragon. Sheathing the meat dagger in ya sausage wallet so to speak... Get it, sweetie?"

"So I got to fuck an alien to get better," Piper whispered.

"Uh-huh, ya get the picture" the blue-skinned alien nodded matter-of-factly. "Their cum juice has the cure for ya condition. It's like an STD but in reverse. Instead of getting a disease yar getting the treatment. And their cum will do wonders for ya skin. Trust me, I know." She said patting her face.

"Will it hurt," Bocher asked.

"Shiltuh dragons are pretty intense when mating," the nurse admitted. "Never heard of any of them fucking somebody to death. I could inject ya with an aphrodisiac so it will be more pleasurable."

"This highly unethical," the doctor frowned. "I'm going to lose my license."

"Ah, put a cork in ya pie-hole ya wrinkly old pigskin," she stuck her blue tongue at the doctor.

"Are sure you want to do this," Bocher caressed Piper's forehead.

"I think so," she said. "I mean, I will die if I don't."

"So, do ya consent, sweetie?" The nurse handed a pad with writing on it. "I'll need ya DNA signature to seal the deal."

"Yes," she pressed her hand on it and the pad glowed green.

"Let not waste time," she strapped goggles over her eyes and turned on the siren. "We got some ball busting to get to."

The shuttle lifted off and began flying towards the jungle—towards the homeland of the Shiltuh dragons.

Chapter 2

It was a silent ride, except for Doc's questions about Piper. Bocher was vague and probably ignorant about her friend's medical history. The nurse explained quickly that the jungle was the only place on the entire planet where you could find Shiltuh dragons. They weren't really dragons although they had horns and claws. They were sentient beings who liked to live among their own kind.

Doc wondered how the locals extracted the semen from the Shiltuh dragons but was too embarrassed to ask or know. He was more concerned about losing his medical license because he had no medical insurance in case of injury or death.

From the back of the ambulance shuttle came a jarring, deafening bang. The shuttle lurched violently, the chassis screamed, and the lights flicker out. In the darkness, they heard a rapid vup-vup-vup sound as the engines tried to restart. The nurse raised her foot and banged the control board when another explosion came, from toward the bow. Then there was a silent feeling of absolute quiet and motionlessness.

The ambulance suddenly roared back to life and the light came on again a feeble glow. The nurse grunted pleased with herself.

"Don't worry, we're nearly there," she assured them. "It's just a hiccup. No biggie."

The ambulance lost speed and altitude; below, the geography was dotted with trees and sharp mountains. There were a great many of them in this part of the planet. The northern hemisphere was the center of civilization for multiple species living side by side in a cosmopolitan society. The ambulance circled around a mountain top covered in thick foliage, and let down in front of a clearing just wide enough for the ambulance to land.

Bocher spun about, suddenly tense. "Are they expecting any type of payment, nurse?"

"Why, of course not. They have very few females that they welcome any who appear." She frowned slowly as if she were struggling to remember something. "Just don't resist them. They tend to get very cranky if you interrupt them mid-coitus... Kinda like you Doc."

"That only happened once," The doctor replied flatly. "Just land this thing already."

"Maybe it did, maybe it didn't." She fondled his inner thigh. "Okay, get ready for landing."

The doctor grabbed a syringe and jabbed it into her. He was administrating an aphrodisiac into her system. Piper squealed in protest. He used all the aphrodisiac he dared without killing her. Her sexual organs were going to very sensitive during the next few hours.

Piper watched the setting sun bathed the sky with rich streaks of orange and flaming pink. Her stomach tightened at the sight. With the darkness came the possibility that this might be her last sunset, and tonight might be her last day of life.

The nurse explained what was going to happen with the mating of the Shiltuh dragons. She was going to spend the following eight days at the complete mercy of these beasts. Already her skin tingled from the aphrodisiac, her nerves set alight with a prickling heat. There wasn't enough water to quench her thirst. And her libido raged. Surprisingly, she wanted nothing more than to find a willing cock to sink into her over and over again.

Two men in space ranger uniforms came out to meet them. They were both human and their job was to patrol and enforce the law in this section of the planet. The nurse and doctor walked up to them to exchange words and show them the proper documentation. A large force field had been raised above in a dome-like structure that clearly marked the territory the Shiltuh dragons.

"This way," the nurse pointed to the entrance of a cave which had been carved into the shape which resembled a skull. "They live underground."

"Like savages," Doc grunted angrily. He still wasn't on board with the entire idea. "We ought to turn back."

"We carry on," said Bocher who held her human friend in her arms.

Piper's bones ached and her muscles burned as the poison began to kill her. Slowly her eyes adjusted to the darkness. Thankfully Bocher's night vision allowed her to see in the dark to move swiftly and safely down the passageway. With each descending footstep, the temperature began to get hotter and the stuffy humidity grew stronger. They ducked beneath a tricky little stalactite until the passageway was blocked by a heavy slab of stone.

"Yoo-hoo! It's me and I bring ya a human who needs treatment for poison from the Imphin plant," the blue-skinned nurse cupped both hands at the side of her mouth.

Unexpectedly, the sound of stone grinding against stone gave way to a single entrance. A loud, threatening growl rumbled in a language that none of them except for the nurse could understand. It was too dark for any of them to see who was there and that was probably a good thing because they might change their minds.

"Gosh, ain't somebody cranky without ya morning coffee," said the nurse dryly. "C'mon, I got exactly what ya need big guy."

A loud roar echoed through the cavern, which erupted in a strange earthquake and horrifying screams. Searing hot winds blew out and the group was almost knocked down. 

"There is no time to dawdle," the nurse spoke. "Time to get undressed."

Piper quickly undressed and wobbled unevenly over to the far wall. She groaned with pain as the poison started to circulate in her system.

"Me and the Doc need to stay behind to supervise," the nurse said.

"But I want to stay," insisted Bocher. "She's my friend."

"Screw that," the doctor protested horrified at being in the presence of such savage creatures. "Why do I need to be here?"

"To answer both ya questions," the nurse began "only medical personnel is allowed. As a friend, you're too emotionally invested. Ya might want to interfere with the best of intentions and it might end up killing us all."

"I understand," Bocher nodded.

"Blast it," the doctor covered his eyes. "All I wanted to do was get high."

"Ya can sleep in the ambulance," the nurse offered Bocher. "There are plenty of provisions under the seats."

Bocher nodded and blew a kiss to Piper who caught it in her hand and placed it in an imaginary pocket. As Bocher stepped out the stone door rolled into place sealing them inside.

"Ya won't see us sweetie but we'll be there to observe you," the nurse hunkered down and Piper got a good view of her pussy. "Don't worry. This is going to be the best fuck of yar life."

"Are we going to be here when they come," the doctor was sweating and had already unbuttoned his shirt.

"Nope," she grabbed his hand. "I got other plans for us ya wrinkly old geezer."

"What pl— Umph!" He felt his arm being yanked towards another corridor.

"Never ya mind yar grey hairs," she said and turned to Piper. "Sweetie, just keep walking down the corridor. They'll be waiting. Good luck! And remember don't resist them! It's very important not to resist them. Ya need their cum if ya wanna live, sweetie."

Piper nodded and shivered despite the cave being so hot and humid. She levered herself up straight and feeling so sore. She sat panting on the floor trying to recover her breath. The air burned in her lungs, and the thought of sex with aliens downright terrified her. She was practically a virgin and in her entire life, she had had sex with only two boys. But that had been back on Earth.

Chapter 3

After a while, she sat up and glanced around. The cave was hot and humid, with nobody else about. A single passage led into the rock. She began walking down crouching beneath a stalagmite and walked towards the dim light. It dawned on her that the cavern was unnaturally smooth and easy. The passageway led gradually down, with none of the usual side passages of a naturally formed cave. Piper ventured deeper into the passageway, only the dim light from at the end guiding her.

Abruptly the light flooded in, dazzling her slow-to-open eyes. A low groan from the room ahead of her which brought her fully alert.
