 Chapter Five, the Day of Reckoning Begins 

Jim blinked open his eyes and startled at the deepening shadows filtering in his bedroom window.

What the hell time was it anyway?

Feeling for his cell phone in the darkened room, Jim smiled as the intense numbers reflecting the correct time calmed his fears.

No, he hadn't missed his date with destiny after all.

A familiar heaviness suddenly made itself known but Jim fought off the instinct to take care of his boner, opting instead for a cold shower.

After showering Jim quickly dressed. 

Tonight, those two bitches would get what they deserved and there was no time to waste. And those four vials he had emptied in his system last night were silently doing their job and Jim couldn't have been more pleased.

Pulling in front of Cassie's apartment Jim cut his engine and sat for a minute, taking pleasure in his few moments of solitude.

The sight of Doctor's Kennedy's car in the driveway caused the resurgence of anger of yesterday but Jim quickly pushed it back into the recess of his mind because anger was not the vehicle he was going to use for his revenge tonight.

Two silhouettes filtered passed Cassie's living room window and Jim thought it best to go in before the two women decided to start the party without him.

Tonight, I'm the party bitches! Sprinting up the stairs, Jim found a renewed determination as he knocked on the door.

Jim fixed on a smile as the front door opened and he stared into the face of Cassie, his girlfriend....for now anyway, he thought.

Cassie kissed Jim full on the lips and the heavy scent of wine filled his nose. Her unsteady gait as she led him into the living room confirmed Jim's suspicious that she was intoxicated, which was what Jim wanted. 

Doctor Kennedy waved from a nearby couch. "Well, hello patient!" The slight shrill in her voice signaled to Jim that she was also intoxicated. 

Everything was going as planned.

"Hey Doc!" Jim waved back. 

Then turned his attention back to Cassie, "I missed you babe." He kissed her lightly on the neck, implementing the beginning stages of his plan early. 

Cassie leaned in for a kiss, but Jim quickly stepped away. "So, let's get to why I wanted to meet with you two." And he led Cassie over to stand in front of the seated doctor.

Jim suppressed his amusement at Doctor Kennedy, who had been slumped over an arm of the couch but, now, straightened up immediately and threw a quick glance in Cassie's direction.

Leaning back against the bar, Jim took a moment to enjoy the ladies rapt attention, then continued. "It seems I've misplaced the vial you gave me doc. You know, of the vitamin shot you gave me that I was going to have researched at an independent lab?" 

Jim paused for effect then continued, "Well, that got me to thinking that, maybe, I need to slow down and rethink my position, especially my position regarding donations to the clinic. Got me starting to consider the benefits. I mean, at least until I figure why I'm ejaculating all this huge ass amounts of cum!"

Jim watched the register of excitement on Doctor Kennedy's face and he stifled a grin. " "Jim, that's wonderful!" And she rushed to his side. "You are going to see that this is the best decision and......." Doctor Kennedy leaned in as if for a hug.

"Hold on Doc," Jim moved away, putting some distance between him and the doctor, "I still have questions about those shots and will expect some answer before I make any donations, anywhere! I just wanted you to know that I agree with you and feel that all that extra sperm I've been unloading may as well be used for a good cause. Which leads me to my next topic...cum." 

Slowly Jim let his mind wander to his images of Doctor Kennedy and Cassie sucking and fucking each other with that dildo yesterday, allowing the images to take full effect on his dick, as he implemented the next stage of his plan.

Positioning himself behind Cassie, Jim grinned as he let his hard-on caress her ass as he spoke. He set his gaze on the doctor as he worked on Cassie. "So anyway, doc, I was wondering if I could have a session tonight, here at Cassie's place."

Jim pushed his hard dick into the back of Cassie's skirt and a soft sigh escaped her lips as the faint scent pussy rose up, delighting Jim's nose.

The plan was moving along nicely.

Jim moved to stand in front of Doctor Kennedy, giving her full view of his growing erection. "So doc, what do you think?"

"I'm sorry, what Jim?" Doctor Kennedy shook her head lightly and attempted to look away from Jim's groin, "What were you saying?"

Jim moved in for the kill. "I said, I was wondering if you might help me with an extraction tonight. I know it's after hours but I haven't come since our last visit and my dick is harder than it's ever been, balls are unusually heavy too. Can you help me out?" Jim closed what would be considered a comfortable distance between him and Doctor Kennedy, allowing the bulge in his pants to take a commanding position in front of her.

A whisper of a moan preceded the doctor's words. "Sure Jim, if that's what you want."

Jim continued. "And I really need to my girl to be a part of this. "Jim winked at Cassie.

Cassie seemed to be in a light trance. "Sure baby, I'd be happy to help." 

"Great! Then, shall we go upstairs and get this underway?" Jim grabbed Cassie around the waist and led her toward the stairs, keeping constant pressure of his dick in her ass. He turned toward the doctor. "Coming doc?"

"Y-Yes, I'm right behind you." 

Jim felt this heartbeat quicken as he neared the tops of the stairs. His dick was so hard that, if it had hands of its own, it would have surely ripped through Jim's pants and sunk itself deep into any pussy right about now. 

In Cassie's bedroom, Jim turned Cassie to him and kissed her deeply, thrusting his hardened shaft between her legs. 

"Ummmm," Cassie fell into his embrace and Jim felt her open her legs a little as he continued to work his stiff dick between her legs. 

Jim glanced at Doctor Kennedy. "So, doc, tonight is going to go a little differently."

Doctor Kennedy raised an eyebrow and moved closer. 

"What I'm saying is I want to orchestrate how I want to come." Jim squeezed one of Cassie's hardening nipples as Doctor Kennedy squeezed her thighs together. "Tonight, fantasies will come true and secret desires revealed. Do you have any secrets doc? May I call you Alicia, if just for tonight?" 

Doctor Kennedy, as if in a trance, nodded slowly, her eyes glued to Jim's as he ran a thumb across Cassie's quivering lips. 

Cassie moaned and Jim thought it was time for Doctor Kennedy to join the party. "Come and join us please Alicia." Jim, detecting the last of Cassie's resolve melting away, carried her over to the California-sized bed, gently lay her down, and then turned his attention to the doctor. 

Your turn bitch. Jim moved behind Doctor Kennedy and wasted no time pressing his monstrous erection in the folds of her skirt. The doctor folded her body into Jim's and moaned softly. "Can you feel me Alicia?"

"Y-yes!" a hoarse whisper uttered from the doctor compelling Jim to continue his assault on her. 

Gently taking the doctor's trembling hands, Jim slowly moved her fingers up and down his hard rod, delighting at the fire she was stirring and at the feel of his dick jumping at her touch, compelling him to keep going.

He whispered in her ear. "Free my dick then," stroking the doctor's long, dark hair, "I want you to free my dick Alicia, then I want to feel you take it in your mouth." And after slowly turning her around, Jim began gently nudging the doctor to her knees. 

Melting to her knees, the doctor slowly unzipped his pants, her eyes glued to his burgeoning erection and Jim bit down hard on his bottom lip when her warm hands finally made contact.

Jim was taken aback by the enormity of his erection as it sprang free, the mushroomed head smacking the doctor on the lips and demanding attention, strengthening Jim's confidence in its strength. "Taste it Alicia," Jim pushed his hips forward, tightening his grip on the doctor's hair, "Take it in your mouth and taste it!" 

"Awwwwww! Fuck yeah!" For a moment, Jim allowed himself to succumb to the sweet agony of the doctors pillowed lips traveling down his shaft, the delicious heat of her tongue licking around its thick head, then back down on a slippery descent. 

A strong yearning was spreading from deep within his balls compelling Jim to move his dick more urgently between the doctor's lips. Pre-cum drizzled out his slit and Jim cringed against the ecstasy of feeling the doctor suck it all down. 

The need to release begin to grow, taking hold of his ass, balls and the head of his dick, and Jim knew that he was going to come if he didn't slow the action down soon. And the sexiness of the doctor's constant moans was carrying him there too fast. 

He had to get back into control. Jim turned his head toward Cassie. "Cassie, come here baby."

Cassie came and stood, quivering, by Jim's side and her whispered in her ear. "Look at that baby. Alicia likes the taste of my dick." Turning her head to watch as he slipped his dick in and out of the doctor's mouth. 

Jim tangled his hand in Cassie's long, red locks and pulled her closer. "Does seeing Alicia suck my hard dick make you wet baby?" Jim bent forward and began sucking one of Cassie's hardened nipples through the thin fabric of her blouse.

"Yes baby, yes!" Cassie hissed, throwing back her head and moaning loudly.

Releasing Cassie's thick nipple from his mouth with a pop, Jim hissed loudly. "Then, take those panties off baby. I want to feel how wet your pussy is!" 

Cassie quickly pulled stepped out of her panties and the heavy smell of her pussy filled the air, causing Jim's dick to lurch in the doctor's mouth and she sucked even harder. 

Jim looked down to see the doctor had moved her own panties aside, her fingers invading her pussy at a rhythm that matched the one she was keeping on his dick and her loud moans filled the room, rivaling Cassie's, who had sunk two fingers in her own pussy, riding them with earnest as she watched the doctor swallow Jim's pole.

Jim knew that he had to slow the action down or this party was going to end too soon and that wasn't what he wanted.

Grimacing, Jim quickly disengaged from the doctor's mouth, pulling her up gently from the floor. "That was fucking fabulous Alicia," kissing her lightly on the lips. The smell of his pre-cum on her mouth heightened Jim's eagerness to get to the next step of his plan.

"But this night of fantasies is just beginning....for me and for you ladies. Right baby?" Jim turned to Cassie, gently pulling her fingers from her pussy.

Allowing the women's bodies to gently touch as her drew then near, Jim smiled. "How about I start with one of mine. Cassie, baby, I want to see you remove the doctor's panties please." Jim paused to glance at the doctor. "I know I'm going to, sometime tonight, but I want you to first." 

Heavy need registered on Doctor Kennedy's beautiful face and Jim took full advantage. "Alicia wouldn't mind would you? Wouldn't you like to feel Cassie's lips and tongue all over that juicy pussy of yours?"

Jim gently nudged the women even closer, guiding Cassie to a kneeling position and watched with renewed interest as Cassie removed the doctor's panties. A heavier, musky smell rose from the floor where the two sets of panties lay. 

Doctor Kennedy looked at Cassie through heavily lidded eyes, glanced quickly at Jim, and back at Cassie, opening her legs and Jim spoke as Cassie edged toward the doctor's gaping slit. "Go ahead baby, suck that sweet pussy." But Jim noticed that he needn't have said a word because Cassie, giving into her passions, was sucking hard on the doctor's juicy lips now.

Doctor Kennedy arched her back as Cassie sunk her tongue between her slippery folds. "God t-that feels so fucking good!" And she thrust her hips forward, giving Case full access to her gushing pussy. 

Jim walked backward to the bed, not wanting to miss a minute of his handiwork, then sat down on the bed, lightly stroking his colossal erection as he watched the sexy events unfold before his eyes. 

Doctor Kennedy, giving in to the great pussy licking she was getting, had pushed Cassie to the floor and was thrusting her pussy down hard on Cassie's waiting mouth. "Oh my God, yessss! Suck on my pussy, Cassie suck it good! I'm gonna come!" Then she spread Cassie's legs wide and began sucking her pussy hungrily as she moved her own up and down Cassie's lips. 

Silently, Jim watched the two women and grinned, stroking his dick as it grew longer and stronger with every stroke. Soon, he would be able to unleash the full of its wrath, implementing the most satisfying of Jim's plan and he could hardly wait.

"Oh God Yesssssss, I'm fucking coming too!" Cassie, her mouth moved away from the doctor's gushing pussy, screamed, legs tensed and ass raised high in the air, as she fucked the doctor's mouth at a frenzied pace. 

Jim's smile grew wider. Yeah, you bitches will be calling on God again before the night was over, but in a different way. Believe that! But for now.......and Jim lay back on the bed, letting the wails of the orgasmic women flood his ears, never letting go of his dick......

.......for now I can wait but soon, I am gonna work you bitches until you won't be able to see straight! Then, throwing his head back as far as it would go, Jim finally released the laugh he'd been suppressing all night long!