 My name is Corbett. I have been getting more and more frustrated lately. I've been on this long patrol for four months now and I'm becoming a little testy. I haven't had real sex in all that time and the pleasure module in my cabin is starting to get a little monotonous. Besides, I am coming so quickly now as a result of so much masturbation that I expect my next performance with any real woman to be quite unspectacular.

Captain Shane and her chief engineer are hooked up. They are devout lesbians and have no use for my manly skills, only my piloting ability. I've heard the two of them in the throes of passion quite often as I come off watch and pass by her cabin.

The Sensor/Weapons operator, or S/W, and the junior engineer are a couple. Although they have invited me to play, I have very little desire for other men. The boarding squad is composed of Ascetics and they are religiously prohibited from sex of any kind. The rest of the crew, male and female, are of no interest to me. No, the pleasure module is to be my only release until we make the next port call. 

Captain Shane inherited the Endeavor from its previous Captain after she slit his throat while making love to him. It went along with her peculiar sense of humor. That is another reason I don't hit on her. 

The Endeavor is a fast, medium cargo ship that has been refitted with bigger engines, long-range weapons, and a tractor beam. It is a Privateer ship of the Marauder Fleet with a letter of marque from the Dog Star Republic to prey on Andelian Hegemony commercial shipping.

Captain Shane gives up 30% of our take and the Republic gives us legitimacy and free ports of call in their space. None of that will make any difference if the forces of the Hegemony catch us. The punishment for piracy is spacing. I see little future in being cast out into a vacuum.

We wait three days at the edge of an asteroid field searching for likely targets. We see large, slow ore carriers, fighter-escorted express freighters, and pre-fabricated asteroid mining facilities pulled by brutish space tugs. They are not of interest. 

Concentrating on the hunt takes my mind off of sex, temporarily. We need a big fast container freighter trying to make the run solo. They sometimes do that, counting on their speed to carry them through the danger. It is only another day before we get an indication of likely prey entering our sensor range.

I call the Captain to the bridge and we watch as a faint blip resolves into an Andelian Hegemony registered mid-sized long-range transport. It is one of the new Galaxy model executive transports that corporate executives and tri-vid stars like to scoot about space in.

We are faster and they are unarmed. As they pass, the Captain orders a shot across her bow and transmits a demand for surrender. The passenger transport quickly yaws in space, faces away from the direction of movement, and fires thrusters to bring her to a halt. We close on her and the Captain orders the boarding squad to stand by.

The Captain of the luxury transport offers his unconditional surrender. Our Captain orders me to dock with the ship and send the boarding party over to secure the ship. Within minutes the boarding party is signaling all secure and six prisoners to bring aboard.

The S/W operator activates the tractor beam and I move the two ships together deep into the asteroid field. She has me secure the ship, leaves the S/W operator to keep a watch, and then has me join her as she inspects the captured ship. 

I follow along behind, my weapon drawn, as we enter our prize.

The Captain sneers and says, "Well, Corbett, what do you think of her?"

I look around and see the opulence of the furnishings. The airlock is stainless steel. The passageways are lined with real wood, something pretty rare in space. I look in one of the cabins and see gold fixtures and real cloth bedding. There is some money invested in this ship. 

I chuckle, smile, and reply, "Captain, This is a good haul."

We make our way to the bridge and meet the captain-pilot and co-pilot. The captain is your typical shuttle pilot. He is all braid and no fortitude. No wonder he surrendered so quickly. His uniform is highly decorative and wildly impractical. The co-pilot is almost a carbon copy, just shorter and pudgier.

With a sneer in her voice, my Captain asks, "What is your cargo and what was your destination, Captain?"

Sweat trickles down his forehead. A smell of fear permeates the air. The luxury transport Captain answers quickly, obviously nervous, "I have Mrs. Ellen Debran and her two daughters, their personal chef, plus their personal baggage. That is all. Mrs. Debran and her daughters are in the main salon with your guards. The chef is in the galley. We were headed to Rigel Station."

Captain Forest motions for me to follow her. She leaves an Ascetic to guard the two pilots. I holster my weapon and follow her back down the hallway. We turn right into the main salon.

Two Ascetics guard the women. Mrs. Debran is a statuesque woman in her early forties. She has long brown hair, dark brown eyes and a nice shape. She carries herself in a very erect, patrician manner. She is a very attractive woman and wears a brown sheer caftan, considered very fashionable among the very wealthy. It does not leave much to the imagination.

Her daughters are younger versions of their mother. They carry themselves in a reasonable approximation of their mother's posture. The Captain and I look on these women with the same hunger in our eyes.

The older daughter is approximately 25 with dark brown shoulder length hair. She wears a rainbow-patterned dress that fits tight across the bust and hips. It is cut low exposing a spectacular chest and short to reveal shapely legs. Sandals adorn her feet.

The younger daughter is probably 20. She has hazel eyes and the family's brown hair. She wears a short white jumpsuit with white boots. The jumpsuit is zipped to the neck. The material strains to cover her ample breasts, as the jumpsuit was not designed to be worn in that manner. The material is also quite flimsy and her nipples are prominently displayed. 

The Captain addresses them, "You are on a vessel of a hostile power in an embargoed area. You have been taken prisoner by a vessel in the service of the Dog Star Republic. If you cooperate and offer no resistance, you will be returned to Andelian authorities as soon as possible. If you cause us problems, you will spend a much more uncomfortable passage. Do you understand me?"

Mrs. Debran nods her head and answers, "We will give you no trouble. I ask that you not harm my daughters or I. We are very wealthy and our family will pay a generous ransom to get us back alive and unharmed."

The Captain smiles a wicked smile and says, "That is good to know. Stay here. An officer will be here soon to take charge of you. You will be transported to our nearest base on this ship. Your repatriation will be arranged there."

Captain Shane motions me to follow her. I trail behind her as she leaves the salon. A guard positions himself in the doorway as we leave.

"Corbett, I want you to take charge of the ship and get it to Cygnus Base. I want it delivered unharmed. Our take for this prize will be better than 100,000 credits for the ship plus whatever the ladies fetch. If their family won't buy them, I know plenty of people that will. Enjoy yourself with them, but don't do any permanent damage. I'll take the two pilots and cook with me and leave you with three Ascetics. We'll follow some distance behind you. Maybe we'll get lucky and find another ship along the way." 

I check with the Captain on the bridge before I take command of the prize crew. She has nothing more for me. As I pass the chief engineer she grabs my cock through my trousers and tells me not to be too hard on the prisoners. A wicked, hungry smile, almost a leer, crosses her face.

I hold at the airlock as the two pilots, the chef, and the majority of the boarding party leave. The Ascetic corporal meets me as I enter the airlock and reports.

"Captain, the three women are in cabins off the main salon. One of us will guard the entrance to the salon at all times. There is no other entrance or exit. We will keep them in the salon and their rooms unless you authorize otherwise."

I am impressed with the corporal's professionalism. I approve his recommendation, order the airlock closed. I move my gear into the Captain's cabin. I look around for a few minutes and move to the bridge.

I fire up the command console and call over to the Endeavor to check comms. I get a good comms check and continue to familiarize myself with the controls. Everything is automated. I will have no trouble piloting the ship to Cygnus. 

I spend a few minutes locking out all ship's controls and comms from all ship's terminals except the one in my cabin and set a voice imprint pass code into the system for the corporal and I. I cue up the ship's internal monitor system and verified all heat sources on the ship. The corporal is correct. All life signs are accounted for on the ship. No weapons are on board, with the exception of some carving and steak knives in the galley.

I receive a message from the Endeavor. I am ordered to Cygnus. I energize the shuttle as the docking collar is retracted, move clear of the asteroid field, punch in the course, and engage the engines.

I activate the sensors to warn of any ships and walk to the main salon. It is time to relieve my tension.

The Ascetic moves out of my way as I enter the salon. The two daughters are talking on a couch, but the mother is nowhere in sight. The two daughters look up at me with apprehension in their eyes.

Their mother comes back into the room, sees me, and says, "So, you are the one that has charge of us?"

"Yes, my name is Corbett. I will be your captain for the trip to Cygnus. If you cooperate fully, no harm will come to you or your daughters. Of course, I am a pirate, so my idea of no harm and yours may differ slightly."

To her credit, the mother gets my meaning right away. She looks at me, nods her head, and tells her daughters to leave the room. They quickly scurry out of the room and lock their doors, leaving me alone with their mother. She still wears the brown sheer caftan.

I look her up and down. Her breasts are firm. Her legs are long and shapely. Her waist is nicely shaped and her belly is flat. This is a very desirable woman.

The Ascetic, sensing what is coming, steps out and seals the doorway.

My cock starts growing as I say, "Take off your dress."

She hesitates for only an instant before she pulls the caftan over her head and lets it drop to the floor. I stare at her beauty for a few seconds before moving to her.

I hold off from touching her, although I ache to possess her. I order her to twirl for me. She does it with no awkwardness and is remarkably graceful in doing so. As she faces me again, I reach forward to run my hand across her right breast. The nipple reacts to my touch by becoming quite distended. The woman shivers at my touch.

I smile; unfasten my trousers, and the woman moves into my arms. I am a little disappointed. Resistance would add some spice.

"Please promise me that you won't harm my daughters and I will do whatever you want. I will give you pleasure like you've never experienced."

Her hand reaches down inside my trousers and wraps softly around my cock. I almost cum in her hand. I lean down and her lips come up to mine. She kisses me hard, hungrily. Her tongue goes deep in my mouth. Her hand strokes my cock.

Ellen helps me out of my clothes. She kneels and licks my cock as it springs from my pants. Her breathing starts to become a little strained. She stands back up holding our clothes and motions for me to follow her. As I move into her room both daughters peek out their doors at me. I turn, pointing my erection at them, and their doors quickly close. The younger one's door closes slightly slower, her eyes wide.

Ellen pulls me in by my cock and I walk into the most opulent cabin I have ever seen. It is also the most opulent anything I've ever seen. The walls are paneled in wood, real wood. I run my hand across it, marveling at the depth of the finish. The bed is huge. It is circular and takes up the center of the room. It is covered with cotton sheets and a satin quilt. I've never experienced them myself, but I've seen them in high-end stores.

She drops my clothes on the floor then lies back on the bed and beckons me. I move on top of her. She wraps her arms around me and kisses me with an unexpected urgency. There is a hunger in her that I didn't expect to experience. 

She reaches down and grabs my cock. She rolls me off of her and takes my cock into her mouth. There is no hesitation on her part. She sucks my cock deep into her mouth. I feel my cock touch the back of her throat and go further. The pleasure is almost indescribably intense.

She pulls back off of my cock and licks up and down my shaft. She starts to pump my shaft and I almost stop her. As long as I've gone without a woman I am close to cumming. I think to myself, what the hell, I've got two weeks.

She pumps my shaft some more and I start gasping. She drops her mouth onto my shaft and sucks me in deep. I groan and let my semen surge down her throat. Several large ropes of cum pump into her. She sucks me long after I grow soft. 

She crawls up on me and kisses me. She lays her head on my chest and plays with the sparse hairs on my chest. She is not displaying the reaction I expected from a woman I had planned to rape.

As if she can read my mind, she looks up at me and says, "I'm not what you were expecting, am I?"

I look down and reply, "No, not exactly. I didn't expect you to be quite so...cooperative."

She drops her head back on my chest and continues, "Corbett, I'm the wife of one of the richest men on Rigel Prime. He's just no longer interested in me sexually...or my daughters. He has young boys and mistresses that now attend to his peculiar needs. Of course his pride won't let me go or allow me to satisfy my own needs with anyone else."

"He's a man that believes what's his is inviolate. He doesn't love the girls or me, but he loves what we represent. It improves his public stature to have a family. I asked him for a divorce years ago. He spent millions of credits to buy the judicial system to block me. You and your friends should be very careful that nothing happens to us. He will acquire a fleet of ships better and faster than yours and hunt you down if you harm my daughters or me."

"He won't do this because he loves us. That died long ago, if it ever existed to start with. We are nothing but a checkmark in his book of what he should have in his life. He'd do the same if you stole his favorite ground car."

She runs her fingernail lightly down my chest and stomach and says, "Do you always cum this quickly? I'd like to get some pleasure out of being raped, if it's okay with you."

I laugh and roll her under me, "I've been in space a long time. It's been even longer since I've had a woman. Neither you nor your daughters will be harmed. I'm free of disease. I've served in space a long time. The cosmic radiation rendered me sterile long ago. The Ascetics will not harm you if you do not try to leave this salon without my permission. You are free to do anything else you wish.

I move down between her legs and push them apart. She spreads her legs wide at my light touch. 

My tongue goes right to her slit. I lap it from bottom to top. She reaches down, grabs my hair, and pulls me tight into her snatch. She smells and tastes clean and womanly.

She urges me on, "That's it! That's the spot! Lick it right there! Now push deep into me. Use your fingers. Fuck, that feels so good."

Her dirty talk gets me hard again. I move up and rub my cock against her now, wet snatch. I push into her. She is remarkably tight. I make several short strokes and then push all the way in.

When I hit bottom, she screams in my ear, "Oh yes! Now fuck me you bastard!"

Always wanting to please a lady, I crawl up tight between her legs and start really fucking her. I slam into her hard and withdraw almost all the way out. Her legs wrap around me, pulling me back in. I slam hard into her again and her legs tighten on my back. She pants from the exertions. 

Her legs loosen slightly and I start a regular rhythm. I pump her for a long time. She screams. She cries. She yells my name. 

She begs me to cum inside her as wave after wave of orgasms wrack her body. She rakes my back with her nails. I get up on my knees, grab her thighs, put her heels on my shoulder, and slam into her. The bed has springiness to it and helps my piston action.

I feel my own orgasm coming on. I push deep inside her and my own orgasm explodes. I thrust deeper still as I feel my semen spurt deep within her. My orgasm brings on a second one for her. As the wave of pleasure washes over me, I collapse onto her soft breasts. She holds me tight to her chest.

She waits until her breathing calms down and says, "Thank you. I haven't had a good hard fuck in years. I haven't had any kind of fuck in such a long time."

I move to suck on her breast before I say, "Always glad to help a lady out."

We both laugh and I look up to see the younger daughter peering in the door. I suck and kiss her mother's breast for a bit and the daughter continues to look on. Her hand moves to the zipper at her neck. She pulls it down exposing her wonderful cleavage. She undoes her belt and pushes the zipper all the way down. She pulls the jumpsuit down off her shoulders and lets it drop to the floor.

Her body is magnificent. Her breasts are like two ripe oranges and stand out proud from her chest. I look down and realize her mother is fast asleep. I rise from the bed and her arm slides off my back. She pulls the covers around herself, but her eyes never open.

I walk up to the young naked woman. She does not shrink away from me. She stands her ground and looks up in my eyes and then down at my cock. She backs away, motioning for me to follow.

I follow her into her cabin. It is not as ostentatious as her mother's cabin, but still quite luxurious. She motions for me to sit on the bed while she closes the door behind me. 

She walks over and I pull her to me. I lean down and take her nipple into my mouth. She moans slightly and pulls my head tight against her breast. I switch to her other breast and she lets out a deep sigh.

"Oh that feels so good. Don't stop."

Tell me your name."

My name is Cynthia."

I push her back slightly and look her up and down. She is very beautiful. Her belly is flat and sculpted. Her legs are long and muscular. I spin her around to look at her backside. Her ass is tight and smooth. I kneel to kiss it. I push on her back and she bends over for me. Her thighs frame her bare pussy. I run my tongue up against it and she shivers.

I push her legs slightly apart and run my fingers down her pussy and she shivers slightly. I insert a finger between her lips and she pushes back against me. She is quite wet. She moans slightly.

I sit on her bed and pull her down onto my lap. I hold my once again erect cock up to spear her pussy. She drops onto it and it slips in easily. We mix hers and her mother's juices together. She rises up and down on my shaft. I reach around and take her breasts in my hands. She leans back against me and moans slightly. 

I squeeze her breasts in my hands. I pinch her nipples. She lets out a sharp yip. I reached down with one hand and fondle her clit. She gasps and starts cumming. She rocks back and forth on my cock. 

I do not expect to cum after twice with her mother. Her body is so tight and sexy, however, that my orgasm comes on quickly. I shoot a slightly weaker load of cum into her than her mother got. I release her and collapse back on the bed. She lifts off of me and sucks me dry.
