 Note to readers -- this story is a rewrite and combination of my two previous Eros stories.

Chapter 1 -- the dhows

I wonder who they are, Reenah thought. She lifted her hand to shield her eyes against the blinding reflection of the midday sun. The beach sand was white like the snow topping mount Achnor, and this time of day the sun god made everyone acknowledge his splendor. At least ten triangular sails dotted the horizon of the turquoise waters. It was rare to see any ships off this barren coast. Those that were sighted appeared only as distant specks for a brief moment. Merchants from some remote land headed to some unknown destination. These vessels were different, however, dhows by their shape. They were definitely headed ashore, could it be here? Their sails were full and the wind blowing hard as it was, the first of them would most likely land within the hour.

The leadership role was new for Reenah. This was her first command and she was determined to make it a success. The young women in her squadron were training to become warriors. Reenah was charged with taking them on a three week desert trek and instructing them in the arts of war. The princess Ayl had personally selected these girls and the appointment was not to be taken lightly. It was an honor to be chosen to be a defender of the temple. One had to be strong, athletic and tough. Reenah certainly met those qualifications. She had just turned age twenty-one and could run like an oribi chased by a hungry leopard. She had never lost in the wrestling pits either, winning last year's tournament.

The dhows were close enough now that the men were visible, definitely not merchants but pirates by the looks of them. Her small detachment might need reinforcements and she had dispatched a runner as a precaution. However, it would be at least two moon rises before any assistance could be expected. Reenah fidgeted with her cowry shell necklace. The recruits under her command were unseasoned and raw. Some had never even seen a man, much less fought with one. The few men permitted in the temple were kept only as breeding stock and were not allowed in public. Herself, well, she had seen a man or two but even she had never fought one, especially against a free one.

Her mind worked quickly as she considered all of her options. Even though outnumbered, a stand must be made to repel these uninvited intruders. The temple must be protected at all costs, she thought. And besides, if she was successful in chasing these bandits away, the princess would surely be pleased. Maybe even very pleased, she thought. Perhaps she would be rewarded with one of the man slaves for a night. That would be nice. What would it be like to hold a cock? She wondered how it would feel to put her hand around one, making it hard, making it spurt.

Hopefully these pirates could be convinced to leave without a fight. That would be best, wouldn't it? Reenah was proud of her skills as a negotiator. Her ability to communicate was one of the reasons why she had been made a squadron leader. Yes, definitely, that was best plan. She would take Daphne and wait for the intruders at the shore. There they would be told in no uncertain terms to leave. 

Reenah decided to position her novice warriors thirty meters away from the surf. Their arrows would be notched and their bows drawn. In addition to her negotiating skills, the sight of determined young women would surely convince these idiotic pirates that a quick departure was in their best interest. The pirates would not know that her warriors lacked experience.

Before positioning the archers, Reenah again looked about for possible cover. There was nothing but sand and drift wood in this desolate place. There were no forests to escape to if things went amiss. The giant dunes behind them separated the beach from a vast desert. She knew the pirates could see easily them by now. The brightly colored lateens of the dhows were growing larger by the minute. Still no hint as to their land of origin, she thought. She reminded herself that her warriors had coated their arrowheads with a toxin derived from the small red frogs inhabiting the swamps inland of the temple. Just a graze of an arrow would bring quick death to any man or beast. The poison would make up for the lack of accuracy. 

"Do not loose your arrows until my signal." she instructed. The warriors were visibly nervous; she needed to build their confidence. 

"Be strong! The goddess Aria will protect us and we are warriors of Eros!" she said in her firmest voice.

Several of the warriors raised their bows, ululating a sharp war cry in response. 

Negotiations first, she reminded herself. Only if talk failed would she signal for a volley of arrows. She did not want any casualties unless absolutely necessary. The soft, powdery sands separating the shoreline from her warriors would slow any charge by pirates. This was a good plan. She ran through a mental checklist and everything was covered.

Reenah's loose fitting harem pants were composed of a diaphanous material which shimmered with iridescent hues. The low slung pants were fastened above each hip by small clasps. The waistband dipped low in front, barely concealing her feminine charms. The pants legs were slit lengthwise from the ankles to high on each hip. When Reenah walked the fabric parted allowing a glimpse of silky bronzed skin.

Her fluted sleeve top was made from the same material as the harem pants and was tied in the back. Only an opal navel piercing and plenty of bare flesh separated the two garments. Some of the archers were similarly adorned. A few, however, were naked except for hip cloths and still others wore only skimpy panties. Reenah's cowry shell necklace was worn with pride. She was presented with it after winning the wrestling championship in the pits of Ogg.

Curse the gods, Kral thought when he spotted the archers on the beach. They will flee and alert the temple. But as the dhows drew closer the stupid girls had remained in place. Would they stay and fight? The massive dunes behind them had left no line of retreat. This was good fortune, made even better by what looked to be two foolish emissaries coming forward from the group. Time to ready the nets; there was soft girl flesh waiting to be taken.

Kral had planned this raid long before the dhows had set sail. Their ships would first travel to a river delta along the barren wind swept coast. From there, his raiders would hike along the giant dunes, taking care to avoid any guard outposts. The goal was to locate a place called the temple of Eros. This well guarded temple was foretold to be a place where a tribe of beautiful women lived and worshipped their goddess.

An ancient Bedouin trader talked about a tunnel outside the temple, all Kral needed to do was find it. The Bedouin said there was no other way to get past the sentries on the walls. Kral and his men would wait until the darkness of night, and would quietly enter the temple. The nubile young acolytes which lived there would be abducted and returned to the ships. They were not to be harmed; the wealthy merchants who financed this trip were insistent about this directive. The traders needed their merchandise unspoiled to get the best price in the sex slave markets. 

Rumors were widespread concerning the unsurpassed beauty of the nymphs who served in the temple. Kral would receive a bonus based on the number and quality of the captives he returned; the payment would make him extremely wealthy. 

Kral needed the money too. He had debts, a lot of them. His penchant for gambling had left many interested in his whereabouts and he had run out of time. This raid had better be successful, he thought.

He'd also heard the whispers about the honeyed sex dew of the temple pussy. Every morning, it was told, the acolytes would rub fragrant oils on their bodies. Worship of their goddess required daily masturbation, and the acolytes were experts at fingering their soft pussies until orgasm. Refined by these rituals, the acolyte pussy dew was said to bring immense pleasure to any who tasted it, pleasure so intense it would turn even the strongest man into a slobbering addict. This mystery, fable or not, had generated a lot of front money for the trip and promise of more to follow. Kral wondered if the story was true. 

The beach was closer now; the water color had changed from deep blue to emerald green. The defenders had still not fled. Good. Kral signaled a few of the dhows to break course and veer north. The men in these dhows would flank the women and cut them off if they tried to escape. The main group of raiders would continue on straight ahead. At Kral's orders they would charge in a full frontal assault and overwhelm the hapless defenders. The poisoned arrows would be useless unless a mortal area was struck. The Bedouin had sold him an antidote for the frog toxin to render it harmless.

Kral looked over to the dhow on his right. Brindar, his second in command, was concentrating intently on the soft ripe flesh on the beach. Like the other pirates, the huge man was oiled and naked, wearing only a metal helmet with a faceplate. He grasped a net in one hand. There would be no swords or axes brought ashore; the prey was not to be harmed. Kral was not sure, however, how he would prevent a large scale ravaging of the girls right on the beach. Their supple young bodies seemingly begged for sex and were driving his men wild with lust.

Reenah started to have second thoughts as the dhows drew closer. These men were huge! What was their intent? Why were they naked? She noticed the anxious faces on her warriors. They had seen the muscular, oiled bodies of the invaders. The archers also had seen the erections, huge cocks hard and pointing skyward. A few pirates were even grabbing their cocks as the ships drew closer. Would her platoon hold together or would they flee? This would be their first real test, Reenah thought, and she not certain of their courage.

The first of the dhows arrived and its men jumped into the surf. Reenah tried to appear confident as the small party headed by Kral and Brindar waded through the shallow green water toward her.

"You are not welcome here. You must leave." Reenah said as assertively as she could.

Her statement was met with silence. Could they understand her language? A few awkward seconds passed. Daphne nervously glanced at Reenah and shifted a foot a half step back. Don't bolt Daphne, stand firm, Reenah thought. She could not help but notice Kral's huge cock. She had never seen such a monster. It was semi-erect, and its mushroom shaped head seemed to be pointing right at her. Kral's body was darkly tanned from a life at sea. His naked torso was devoid of any hair, even his genitals were clean shaven. The swollen testicles were the size of tangerines. Reenah tried to avert her gaze.

"Are you capable of hearing? I am ordering you to leave and sail back to whence you came. There is nothing for you here." she demanded.

More silence. Kral was tall, at least two meters, and his chiseled physique gleamed from oil. V-shaped latissimus muscles looked like those of a competitive swimmer and complimented his narrow hips. Shoulder length auburn hair was tied behind his back in a pony tail. Something was strange about his eyes. What was it? Reenah suddenly realized that they were different colors, one being light green, like the sea water, and the other pale violet. 

Kral smiled at her, flashing perfect white teeth. What was he staring at? Reenah thought of her tiny breasts and felt a flash of embarrassment. She had been teased about her cleavage ever since she was old enough to become a warrior. She wished she was not revealing so much flesh to Kral. Her top was semi-transparent and her dark brown nipples were easy to see. It didn't help that they had become aroused from the sight of Kral's long cock and his lean, muscular frame. 

Brindar stood across from Daphne. He was a brute of a man, with broad shoulders and a frame that towered over her. Without warning, he stepped forward and lightly pinched a pink nipple through the gossamer material of her halter top. The stunned girl yelped and slapped him across the face. 

"Stop it!" Reenah yelled at him. Brindar laughed and grabbed Daphne's arm. He spun her around and pulled her to his chest. His free hand reached under her top and cupped an ample breast. Daphne's mouth formed the shape of an 'o' as her eyes opened wide. 

Chapter 2 -- the capture

Reenah had seen enough. Negotiations had been a bad idea. Dodging Kral's lunge, she pivoted and sprinted back towards the archers. She shouted an order as she dove for the sand and immediately a volley of arrows whistled overhead. Twisting back for a quick look, she saw that some shots had found their mark; a couple of raiders dropped with arrows in their chests and throats. A few other men were hit in the thighs or shoulders but they kept on coming. Why didn't they also drop? Reenah realized that the poison wasn't going to work as the naked raiders rushed toward the girls. 

"Aim for the chest!" she shouted. 

Two more pirates fell. Others were hit but kept on charging. The soft sand did little to slow them. Panic stricken, the archers shot wildly. Some of the girls dropped their bows and turned to run. Reenah desperately called for them to hold their position as the raiders were now only a few meters away. Despite an arrow lodged in his arm, a powerfully built raider barreled into an archer and sent her flying, upending a second girl in the process. A net engulfed another girl before she could loose her arrow. Two pirates charged hard at Reenah. She gutted the nearest one using an uppercut swing with her knife. There was no time to recover for the second attacker. She tried to jump out of his way but he clipped her feet and sent her sprawling, her knife falling from her grasp. The fall stunned her. She momentarily blacked out.

When Reenah recovered she was hanging upside down, thrown over the broad back of a pirate who gripped her by the ankles. Her top had been ripped off and a small trickle of blood ran from the corner of her mouth. She watched as a bald monster swatted the bow away from a petite defender after she fired wildly. The hapless girl turned and tried to run but the raider was too fast. Her grabbed her from behind by the hips and raised her over his head. Her tiny body was no match for the man's huge frame. She kicked and flailed her arms to no avail. Holding the terrified girl high in the air he ripped off her harem pants. She screamed in terror. He easily threw her over his shoulders and turned back to the boats. 

The battle was over in a few short minutes. Panic-stricken warriors were netted and bound, none had escaped. A few were tied to poles and hoisted up in the air, the ends of the poles resting on the shoulders of pirates. The tied nymphs were stripped to their panties and carried to the boats. Kral stopped a raider with an unconscious beauty thrown over his shoulder. He ran his hand over her shapely ass. 

"Take her to the boats. She'll be worth a lot. Don't touch her!" 

"We have caught the leader. Do you want her brought to you?"

"Yes, bring her. I have questions for her." 

The raider carrying Reenah brought her to Kral and unceremoniously dumped her on the ground. As she lay sprawled in the sand, another three captives were also brought forward. Their wrists were bound behind their backs. Kral grasped Reenah by the arm and roughly pulled her up. She glared at him.

"Take your hands off me!" Reenah demanded.

Kral smiled. He looked at Reenah's small breasts with the nipples pointing proudly in the air. Reenah blushed.

"You will tell me where your temple resides." Kral said. 

Reenah was silent. Kral caught a faint whiff of her perfume. The light fragrance coupled with Reenah's nakedness was tantalizing. With a fingertip Kral lightly traced a line on the bare skin just above the waistband of her torn harem pants. 

"Don't touch her, you pig!"

Kral looked over to the bound nymphs. Kayla, a petulant nineteen year old with a lithe body glared at him in defiance. 

"It appears some clarification is needed as to the chain of command. What do you think, Brindar?"

Brindar grinned. 

"Strip them", Kral ordered "Slowly". 

Brindar walked behind the blonde girl to Kayla's right and unclasped her top. The garment dropped to the ground. Full, ripe breasts with rose nipples were liberated for view.

Brindar then stepped behind Kayla. Emerald eyes flashed in defiance as she glared at Kral. Rich chestnut hair cascaded to her shoulders. A pretty little mouth painted with bright red lipstick pouted in indignation. Brindar could not wait to see what strained against her halter top. He eagerly untied the halter's string in the back. The top did not fall.

"Wait." Kral commanded. 

Kral gave Reenah a long look and then stepped towards Kayla. Reaching forward and placing an index finger between her mounds he gently lifted off her top. Proud cantaloupe sized breasts tipped with small brown nipples pointed upward and out.

"You'll bring a great price." he said.

It was true. Kayla's succulent orbs alone were a sight to behold. Brindar stood gaping at her. Kral motioned for Brindar to continue. He removed the top of the third girl. Naked from the waist up, the three girls looked at Kral apprehensively. 

"Let's see more of them."

Brindar continued with the disrobing. Using a knife he cut the waistband of Kayla's harem pants. They dropped to the ground leaving her clad in only white thong panties. Soft cunt lips bulged against the fabric. 

"Enough!" demanded Reenah, "Leave her alone!" 

Kral smiled at Reenah. He admired her courage. I will break you, he thought, 

"On your knees, wenches." he ordered. 

The three girls submissively kneeled before him. Grabbing Reenah by the arm he roughly pulled her to his side as he stood in front of Kayla. His semi-hard cock swayed inches from Kayla's face. The bound girl's eyes widened. Her lower lip trembled slightly.

Kral turned his head toward Reenah. She angrily stared back, jutting out her lower jaw. She still refuses to submit, Kral thought. 

Keeping his eyes locked onto hers, Kral lifted Reenah's hand and placed it on his cock. She hesitated. Kral lightly smacked her on the ass, making her jump. Reenah gave Kral and angry look and still did not move. Kral spanked her ass again, harder. 

This time, she responded. Very slowly, she began pumping his cock with her hand. The thick organ began to swell and harden as she pulled on it with a small circular motion. A bead of pre-cum oozed from the mushroom shaped head. Reenah paused and moved her fingertips to heft the swollen testicles. They held a full load. She heard Kayla whimper.

"Goddess Aria, don't let it spew on me." Kayla murmured.

Reenah resumed massaging Kral's shaft. The slippery pre-cum continued to ooze from the tip and soon coated the mushroom head. Reenah could feel herself getting aroused. Kral slipped his hand inside the back of her harem pants through a tear in the material. He lightly stroked the sensitive underside of her ass while she stroked his cock, his fingers dangerously close to her pussy.

Kral suddenly leaned over and kissed Reenah, letting his tongue slip inside her mouth. She hungrily responded, and began pumping his cock in earnest. A swirl of emotions and confusion filled her. Was he aroused by the voluptuous Kayla or by her? He's doing this to humble me before my warriors! Anger welled but was overcome by the longing in her pussy. 

Kral's cock felt so good in her hand. Reenah marveled at how she had transformed it into a throbbing, aching, pleading organ, ready to explode. She felt a sense of power. She wanted to control it. She wanted nothing more than to make Kral cum. 
