 The freighter should not have been there. It hung on the outer edge of the asteroid belt. There was no sign of life or power. The only reason the two fighter craft patrol found the drifting hulk was the constant training they needed had left them with few areas of unpatrolled space for maneuvers. 

"You get anything off that hulk Wiz?" Lt. Cmdr. Janice "Sparky" McGuire asked her backseat weapon's officer. She was the flight leader of the two plane formation and she wanted to know what was going on.

"No joy Sparky," Lt. Michael "Wiz" Wizanski replied. "No power, no answer to my hails."

"Chunky, Sparky, you guys getting anything?"

"That's a negative here Sparky." Lt. Carl "Chunky" Martin, the painfully thin back-seater in the other ship responded.

"Kay, I am going it for a closer look, cover me." Sparky said.

"Wilco." Lt. Cmdr. James "Killer" Killian responded, breaking hard left.

Janice rolled her ship over and went towards the drifting freighter, her wingman spread out to cover her, but still following. The monster ship dwarfed the fighters and blocked out the light from the distant star and the asteroids were moving over the giant hulk.

Janice pulled a full orbit over the top of the hull with no readings, but there was as a small signal from the far side.

"Killer, we are going to check on a signal on the far side. Come and take over top cover and watch our six."

"Right behind you," came Killer's response.

Janice arched the fighter and dropped down the dark side of the ship, relying on her instruments to avoid the giant hunks of drifting rock.

"Anything Wiz?"

"Nada boss."

"Let's get out of here." Sparky said. "We will notify home-plate when we are clear, they can send a tow."

"Killer, Sparky, we are on our way out." Static was her only reply.

"Killer, you read me." Still no answer.

"Killer, quit screwing around and respond."

"Wiz, can you reach that idiot."

"Negative, I think the asteroids may be refracting our signal."

Something twigged inside Janice's head and she hit the throttle wide open. 

"Master arm on," she screamed. "It's a trap."

"What," Wiz questioned, flipping the switches to arm the weapons.

"Comms were fine as we approached the freighter, now we can't reach Killer." Janice said, willing her fighter to make it into open space, just as a massive impact shook the ship.

"We've been hit, major damage to all syste..." Wiz said, then static in her ears as blue lightning erupted inside the cockpit.

"Wiz...WIZ." She yelled. Turning in her seat after the lightning passed, she could only see his head hanging down, sparks still jumping in his cockpit.

"Home-plate, this is Recon Alpha One, am under attack, lost Killer and Wiz." Janice said sharply. She checked her instruments and saw that all her power levels were dead, she wasn't putting out a signal and she wasn't moving, at least not forward. The freighter passed beneath her and she saw that she was moving backwards.

"Home-plate this is Recon Alpha One, am being drawn beyond the freighter by some magnetic beam. Think same beam shorted out ship systems and possibly Wiz." Janice knew that she wasn't putting out a signal but she hoped that the cockpit recorder might still be working.

A large piece of wreckage passed before her and she saw the markings of her squadron. Killer and Chunky's ship had impacted on an asteroid, killing both of them. She could see their lifeless bodies; both helmets and canopies open to space.

"Killer and Chunky are dead. I can see their bodies still in their ship."

A large shadow passed over her cockpit and Janice looked up to see the hull of a large ship pass overhead as her fighter was pulled into the bay. One look at the colour scheme of the hull was all she needed.

"Home-plate, am being taken by Vantarian pirates. Will set self-destruct."

She broke the lock and flipped the cover up on the overload switch and pushed it firmly. Nothing happened. She hit it again and still there was no response. Cursing fluently, she reached under her seat and pulled the old fashion explosive device out. It was a last ditch device, designed for just such an occasion. It had a proximity sensor, anyone getting in the seat, without a fleet implant would activate it, one minute later, there would be little left of the craft, and anything else within fifty meters.

She armed the explosive and put it back under her seat, but she changed the timer to five minutes. She wanted to make sure that the explosion got as many pirates as possible.

The fighter moved into the bay and was locked down and chocked into place. Janice sat still for a moment, and then began her normal shut down routine. The longer it took them to get the craft going the better.

Her canopy popped and the three pirates pointing frag guns at her. The frag gun was a particularly nasty weapon, it fired fragmentation darts that exploded on impact, or could be set for delayed detonation, to explode after it entered the target.

Janice raised both her hands, pulled her sidearm from its holster with two fingers and dropped it to the floor of the fighter. She unhooked her suit from the ship and stood slowly. She turned around and saw Wiz. There was blood down his face and most of his body was covered in electrical burns. He was clearly dead.

Janice climbed out of the cockpit and stood on the platform. The first pirate motioned with his weapon and she preceded him down the stairs to the hanger deck. A pirate leaned in, flicked the canopy close switch and leaned out of the way. Janice paused at the bottom of the stairs and watched her fighter as it was pushed out of the bay and grabbed by the magnetic beam. An instant later, she saw the flash of the explosion as the fighter impacted on an asteroid. The bay hatch slid closed as the guard pushed her with his rifle.

Janice made her way through the ship until they arrived at the hatch marked Captain, it parted as they approached and she was pushed roughly inside. Seated behind a large desk, made out of what looked like actual wood was a thin looking man. He was short, sandy haired and dark eyed. His face was dominated by a large hook nose and too small mouth. He stood up and Janice saw that she was only about three inches shorter than he was, but the look on the face of the crewman who had escorted her there was one of absolute obedience. 

It was inconceivable that anyone so small and timid looking could be in command. He looked like the guy in that Christmas special that her mother had watched every year, Cratchett something. Another thought entered and she finally understood the term her great great grandmother had used. Here standing in front of her was what Grangran had called a Nebbish.

"Welcome aboard the Destiny." He said in a smooth voice and Janice blinked that such a cultured deep voice could come from such a small man. "I am Captain Jason Hillson."

"McGuire, Janice, Lieutenant Commander Alliance Command, SV four eight niner seven one three epsilon."

"Yes Commander, we know who you are." He told her and she looked surprised in spite of herself, he nodded down and she looked down and saw her name and rank on her flight suit.

"I do apologize for having to bring you aboard so unceremoniously, but it couldn't be helped. Your fighter wandered into our recovery zone and I can't have anyone finding out about our operation here."

"What operation?"

"Why we are salvage experts." He said pleasantly. "We recover spacecraft and other material and sell it or dispose of it safely."

"They why did you kill my EChO?"

"That was a tragic accident of the magnetic beam used to bring you aboard. Now unfortunately your unexpected arrival has caused us to accelerate our time table and I have other duties to attend to, but I would appreciate it if you could join me for dinner in an hour. You escort will show you to your quarters, where you will find a shower and more appropriate clothing to wear rather than your flight suit. And before you refuse, just let me inform you that if you don't dine with me you won't eat and that you can't stay in your flight suit forever, it's limited internal power will run out eventually and while we are not equipped to service such suits, I think we can jury rig something to keep it recharged in the event that we are called to quarters and you need your suit. Good afternoon Commander."

He turned his back to her and the pirate behind her grabbed her arm firmly and pulled her out of the office. Janice could have withstood him indefinitely, but she wanted to keep her superior strength a secret till it became time to escape.

Her quarters were just down the corridor from the Captain's office and were rather nicely decorated. There was a large comfortable looking bed and a wardrobe ready for any kind of clothes that she would need and a large locked cabinet. There was a replicator, but when she checked it she saw that the food settings were locked out. The suite had its own shower and head and she stood in the middle of the room as the guard walked slowly backwards from her to the hatch, his weapon never wavering.

Janice looked around after the hatch closed and realized that the room was a prison, maybe well appointed, but a prison none the less. She checked the storage niche and found that with a little adjustment, she could indeed charge her suit. She stripped it off and hooked it up, and then padded into the head. The shower was real water, not just sonics and she luxuriated in the feeling. Water showers were a rarity on board ship. She rinsed off the sweat of the flight and tried to let the guilt at losing her ship and friends go with it, but it was hard.

She slipped out of the head, still naked and drying herself, despite the monitoring equipment that she knew as watching her and proceeded to the wardrobe. She found a rather exotic style of clothing; most of it looked like it came from the whore houses of Deneb Two and then turned to the replicator. It responded to her request and produced a simple white blouse, black pants and low heel boots. As she finished drying her short mop of curly brown hair, the door to the cabin opened and the same guard who brought her there stood in the opening. A quick flick of his weapon and she walked calmly to the hatch and down the corridor.

The trip to the Captain's dining room was short and unceremonious. The large table was set for ten and she was shown to the right hand seat by the head of the table. The rest of the officers were already seated and as soon as her backside touched the seat the chair emitted a hum and she was pulled back and locked into place.

"Sorry about the tractor web." The Captain said has he entered the cabin, "but your orders undoubtedly include trying to sabotage this ship, destroy it and escape if possible. I'm sorry, but I can't allow that at this time."

"You know that you can't get me to revel anything through torture." Janice said with difficulty.

"I have no intention of forcing you to revel any secrets; you will tell me of your own free will." He smiled gently at her. "But in the meantime I can't have you running around loose on board doing who knows what. To that end, I have a little fashion accessory for you to compliment your outfit."

He reached over to her and unbuttoned the top two buttons on her blouse and held up a ring for her to see.

"This collar is for you. Call it a present if you will." He slipped the collar around her neck and she heard it snap shut with dreadful finality. "It is magnetically locked, so you can't remove it. It will also prevent you from doing anything unfortunate while you are with us." He sat down and leaned back comfortably. "Also the collar will be able to determine if you are being truthful or deceitful. If you respond to any question without the complete truth, you will be punished. If you tell the whole truth, nothing will happen, in addition, if you say nothing, you will not be punished, just a little warning." He pressed a button on the arm of his chair and the tractor field released her. "Please don't attempt anything violent, the collar will react badly."

Janice ignored him and lunged upwards out of her chair and reached for the Captain only to have the collar suddenly shrink in size. She dropped to the floor clawing at her neck for air. 

"I did warn you." The Captain said calmly. He turned to the sentry still inside the door. "Have the Commander taken back to her quarters." He looked down at Janice still writhing on the deck.

"Go to bed and lay still for the rest of the night." He instructed. "It will take that long for the collar to calibrate to you. Good night Commander."

Still choking and sputtering Janice was pulled from the dinning cabin and dragged to her quarters. The sentry pushed her gently to the bed and looked down at her. "Do as he said and just lay there. The collar will release you in a minute if you just stop moving."

Janice followed his advice and tried to relax. The more she forced her muscles to un-knot the easier it became to breathe. Finally as she lay there she felt the collar returned to its normal size and she was able to breathe normally. She tried to move and found that her entire body was locked to the mattress.

'Probably another tractor web,' she thought darkly and tried to simply go limp. Her breathing deepened and she passed into a light slumber as the collar continued to read its new wearer.

Janice's eyes opened and she brought her hand up to scratch an itch on her forehead. It was after doing this that she realized that she was free to move. She ran her finger around the inside of the collar and found that she could just squeeze the tip of her finger in between the collar and her neck. The inside of the collar was soft, but she knew that it could expand and close of her airway in a heartbeat.

She sat up and then slipped out of bed and into the head. She took care of her needs there and then decided to have her workout. She stripped off her clothes from the night before and did her usual daily calisthenics in the nude, just as if she was back on her own ship. Thirty sweat covered minutes later she was in the shower washing away the tension. Her stomach growled reminding her that she had yet to eat, and no way of getting anything until the Captain decided to feed her.

She came out of the head to find the Captain standing in the cabin waiting for her. She approached him cautiously, knowing that any sudden movement would trigger the collar.

"I am glad to see you up and around." He informed her pleasantly. "I also note that you are in good health and excellent physical condition. Unfortunately, it is now time for you to tell me everything that I need to know. Would please have a seat on the bed?"

Janice stood her ground in the middle of the cabin and stared defiantly at him and said nothing.

"I won't ask you again," he told her sternly. "Please sit on the bed." He pointed a remote at her and she found herself moving against her will to sit on the bed.

"Thank you." He said politely. "As you can see, I control your entire body; your mind is still of course your own. That collar is truly a work of art. Now please lie back and raise your hands over your head."

Janice did as instructed and he activated the tractor web on the bed.

"You still have the power of speech, but your extremities have been locked into place. Now is there anything that you want to share with me, like what you were doing out here?"

Janice told him to do something short and physically impossible.

"I was afraid that might be your response." He said smiling gently. "Please enjoy the next few hours." He took the remote and made a few adjustments. He then looked down at her naked body for a moment with something that looked like pity and left the cabin.

Janice wondered what he was up to. She tried to move and found that her arms and legs were indeed completely locked to the bed, but her torso was free to move as was her head. She wasn't going anywhere until someone released her. She closed her eyes and tried to wait it out, but she felt something warming her insides. She could feel fingers caressing her sides and her eyes flew open and she looked around to see that she was completely alone. She could still feel the fingers, but there was no one there.

She started to twitch and tried to avoid the fingers slowly rubbing her skin but she couldn't move enough and they simply followed her to her new position without missing a beat. Janice could feel the blush creeping up her skin and felt the flush of desire start to spread. The hands moved over to her breasts and teased her nipples without mercy. She really started to writhe around to avoid the tortuous invisible hands but they would not be denied.

As she felt the fingers start to pull her nipples away from her body she actually stared as she saw them extend on their own. She started to whimper as she felt a hand, then another start to gently rub her thighs, working their way ever so slowly to her dripping centre. She realized with a start that she was getting more than a little aroused at the contact.

'This must be what he meant by torture,' she thought right before losing herself in the luxurious feeling of many hands making love to her. The hands reached her drenched portal and started to work their way inside, two fingers holding her lips open and first one, then two, then three and finally four fingers were rubbing and teasing her. She felt another finger start to work her pleasure nub and she began to roll her hips in time with the hands. Her juices were flowing copiously now and she was in a state of arousal higher than she had ever known. She felt another finger slip into her back door and she moaned in delight. No one had ever been back there before but she found the sensations to be overwhelming and quite pleasant.

Her hips bucked up against the unseen hands that made such sweet love to her and she felt the delicious release approaching. This was going to be her biggest orgasm yet and she was just preparing to ride the waves when the hands disappeared. Janice cried out in frustration and tried to buck her pelvis up to the now missing hands and finish herself off, but there was no way.

She collapsed on the bed and felt the orgasm fading into memory when the hands returned and started the whole process again, taking her to the very edge of the most shattering release that she had ever felt and then stopping. After the fourth time Janice stopped counting, after the ninth time she would have answered anything they asked her, by the fifteenth time she passed out.

Janice came slowly to herself again and found that she was still in the bed in the cabin assigned to her by the pirates. Someone had come in and changed the bed linens and she was free to move again. She rolled off the bed and crawled on her hands and knees to the head and released her bladder. From there she again crawled into the shower. The smell of sweat and body fluids came off her in almost visible waves. The shower was soothing and soon she was able to stand. Just as she started to relax the water went ice cold and she tried to dive out of the shower. Her body refused to obey and she found herself standing and freezing in the icy shower, her body ignoring her mind hammering at it to move. After what felt like an hour she watched as her hand calmly reached up and shut the water off and she walked naked, teeth chattering and shivering out into the cabin to see the Captain standing at the foot of the bed again.

"Please have a seat on the bed."

Janice followed his instructions; it was pointless to fight, yet.

"Good, see if you go along with what we tell you, you will have a much easier time here." He smiled gently. "Now are you ready to tell me what I need to know."

Janice opened her mouth, but nothing came out.
