 "Jamika girl I can't wait to get inside this party. When I get in here, I'm going to get my first drink, get drunk, and dance my ass off. Hell I deserve it!" Tamara Dee said standing in line with her best friend, Jamika Debarge. 

Jamika rolled her eyes. "You mean get drunk and get raped?"

Tamara gave Jamika a playful shove. "You know what? You need to relax. Not every dude in the hood wants to dog or hurt you."

"Dudes in the hood have nothing I want."

"Well, when we get inside I'm going to find you a man." Tamara promised.

Jamika rolled her eyes again. "I rather you not."

"Girl stop play'in, you know I have your back." Tamara chuckled but Jamika didn't join her. 

To Jamika, men around the neighborhood were the same old, same old men from the hood. She dated some of them out of curiosity and to defy her mother. But once she was way deep in the relationship, it wasn't what she expected. All they do was smoke, drink, and sell drugs. The average stereotypical ghetto black man from the hood. And the sex wasn't all that either. If that's the case she would have somebody in her life by now. She was fed up. Fed up with poor ass black men who instead of getting a real job and ambitions, they wanted to be drug dealing, poor ass, niggas. No real job, no clean money, and plain out boring. And she sees the same lame ass niggas every damn day. 

After they got into the club Jamika felt even more depressed. The whole club was crowded with men she has seen in the hood (And others she didn't recognize) who looked darker than the club itself. Jamika turned to Tamara with scowl look even though she wasn't looking. One thing she hated was being in a club full of the same skin as hers. It filled up the building and she felt smothered. Either that or damn right claustrophobic. 

Jamika didn't know how but Tamara took her friend by the hand and guided them through the crowd of dancing people until they made it too the bar. A big bald headed black man with muscles as big and wide as Jamika's torso was behind the bar serving drinks. After taking care of a couple of people, he drew his attention to Jamika and Tamara.

"What'll it be?" The bartender asked. 

"I would like a sex on the beach," Tamara answered and turned to Jamika waiting for her answer. 

"A apple martinee." Jamika answered. 

"An apple martinee please?" Tamara repeated. 

The bartender nodded and went off to the other side of the bar to fix their drinks. 

Jamika and Tamara turned to the crowd watching the people (Probably drunk) dancing and conversating about whatever that was none interesting. 

"So what'll you think?" Tamara asked. 

"What'll I think about what?" Jamika retorted.

"You know, about the cute guys in here?"

Jamika sighed. "Girl there are no cute guys in here."

Tamara's jaw dropped but was not surprised. "Are you blind or something? There are a lot of cute guys in here."

"No girlfriend, there are a lot of thugs in here. I'm not looking for that right now."

"Well you do live in the hood, so you might as well get used to them."

"Get used to what? Ghetto ass fools who want to hit this so they can get me barefoot and pregnant 3 or 5 times while they spend the rest of their miserable lives selling drugs so we can get by. No thank you."

Tamara was started to understand where Jamika was coming from. "So you are looking for an educated nigga?"

Jamika smirked. "Better than a dumb one." 

"Here you go ladies." The bartender said placing both drinks on the bar with a clamp. "That will be $12.50."

Since the drinks were on Tamara, she reached into her purse to search for some cash until she saw a $20.00 bill land on the bar in the middle of their drinks. 

"That's okay 8 Ball," a tall black man wearing all black silk with a black hat appeared out of nowhere standing right beside Jamika, "I got this."

8 Ball nodded and went back to take care of other customers. Another man wearing an all black sweat shirt and sagging pants appeared right beside Tamara. 

"What's up sweet thang, how you doin?" The man wearing all black silk with a black hat asked in a suave manner. 

"Just chillin with my friend that's all." Jamika answered. 

"Just chillin huh? You know I come to this establishment every Saturday and I never see you up here before."

"That's because this is my first time."

"So how you like it so far?" 

Jamika looked around and then back at him. She forgot that there were pimps that parade the streets and hang out in clubs. Usually to charm their way into a naïve woman's pants and get her on the street so she would sell her dignity and soul to make a buck. And they don't get much either. She had to be smart about this and careful. 

"It's alright," Jamika answered, "I've seen better."

"Ouch baby," The pimp said, "my cousin and I built this place from the ground up."

"Like I said: It's alright."

The pimp ignored the sting, for now. Instead he tried to get at her in another tactic. "Check this out baby," The pimp took off his hat to show Jamika his clean fade, "my name is Black."

Jamika looked Black up and down questionably. "You ain't lyin."

Another retort Black had to ignore. He had to stay on track. He couldn't let this stuck up black bitch get to him. "My friend there is T-Bone." Jamika turned to the thug standing beside Tamara. They were conversating and by the looks of their smiling and laughing faces, they were enjoying each other's company. She could never understand what Tamara saw in those losers. 

Jamika sipped her drink and placed it back on the bar. Even though Black was still beside her giving her that creepy smile, she continued to stare out in the crowd as if ignoring the pimp's attraction. 

"You know what baby," Black continued, "me and my boy T-Bone have been checking you two out and we agree that you both are the prettiest young thangs we have ever stepped in this club."

Jamika turned to the pimp as if she knew this type of trick. "Do you say that to all the girls you target?"

"Only those that deserves it."

"Oh and I deserve your attention just by standing here doing nothing?"

"And for looking nice and sweet like candy," Black included. 

Jamika took another sip of her apple martinee and placed it down on the bar. Then she faced the dark, dressed, pimp stoically. "Thanks, but I'm not interested."

Black just chuckled. "But you don't know what I'm about to say."

"I may not know what you are going to say mister, but I sure as hell know what you want. Like I said: "I'm not interested."

Black couldn't allow that. He had to get this girl no matter what. And Black always gets his girls. "Looky here baby, don't let the expensive, swag, suit and hat fool you. Deep underneath I'm a kind gentleman. Once you get to know me." 

Jamika sighed frustrated. She had to get Black and his thug looking friend, T-Bone, away from them before she loses her mind. She turned to Black, this time giving the fake ass pimp her acid face. "Look, I appreciate the compliments you have been giving me but you are just wasting your time. I am not here to look for my soul mate or dance. I was persuaded her by my friend, Tamara, and looking at you and that nightmare of a pimp suit of yours, I realize now that I should have put in a little more effort in rejecting the offer. I don't mean to be mean or anything, but like I told you before. I'm not interested. Now please go find somebody else to fall for your little pimp'in game. Maybe you would have a better chance asking a sixteen year old. Little brats that think they are all that because they make the little money they had. Or you had taken away from them." 

Black leaned back just a little bit with a grimace look on his face. It took him 20 years to get where he is at. Charming some helpless young girl into losing their dignity and soul just so he can put a roof over his head. As he grew older, he started experimenting with grown women. Getting better over time. And finally he spots two grand prizes at his club and his bar him and his cousin built with his pimp money and this bitch has the audacity to talk too Black that way. She better think again. 

"Alright," Black agreed moving a few inches away, "you don't see it now, but you just wait. You gonna wish you never turned down Black."

Jamika doubted it and turned back to the crowd. 

"Hey yo!" Black called to his friend, probably his bodyguard T-Bone, "let's go."

Disappointed, T-Bone looked down at his boss with confusion and irritation. He knew he was getting really close to Tamara and Tamara was feeling him. T-Bone understood that Black was paying him to follow orders. But if he keeps cockblocking him every time they had a job to do, he and Black are going to have a real serious talk. 

"Yes sir boss," T-Bone answered contemplating whether to stay and keep talking to Tamara, or follow order, "sorry baby, got to go."

Tamara gave him a look of disappointment, but went back to sipping her drink. 

Dogma walked through the dark streets on his way home. Many have seen him and were frightened at first. But after watching him walk the streets over and over again, residents and children were not afraid anymore. But one thing he has not done was show his true face. Nobody needed to see that. But he knew there would be a time when he must reveal his true identity someday. When the world was ready. 

He made his way through the crack infested dark streets that led to his worn and torn house he called home. The club was close by but not close enough to cause a racket. Which was good because he loved sleeping in peace. But that peace was interrupted by a noise that sounded more like an argument. Then it sounded like a struggle. Followed by screaming. By the argument, struggle, and screams of terror, it sounded like there were four of them. 

"HELP! PLEASE SOMEBODY HELP US!"

That's all he needed to hear that sparked his curiosity. Like most humans say: "Curiosity killed the cat." Lucky for him he wasn't a cat. Unlucky for the attackers, he wasn't human either. 

Jamika walked out of the club holding onto the drunk Tamara as they tried to make their way out. There were vehicles everywhere. Even across the street. The whole hood was here. And they were up in the club so that means they were alone. 

Jamika and Tamara walked by the cars laughing hysterically and yet they didn't say anything funny. 

"Girrl that party was off the chain!" Tamara spoke while laughing at the same time. 

"First thing girl, that wasn't a party, it was a club. And speaking of, "Off the chain", not quite." 

"Damn girl, why you always bugg'in every time we go out to have a good time? You know what? You need a man and bad."

"Girl you know I don't need a man. I'm better off by myself."

Tamara chuckled. "And that's the problem."

Jamika just rolled her eyes and shook her head in disagreement. "Come on girl; let's get you home before you pass out."

"Shiiit bitch I can hold my liquor better than anybody. Even better than you!"

Jamika didn't want to continue playfully arguing about who was drunker than who. She just wanted to get the both of them in Tamara's car before something bad happens.

They finally made it and Tamara was too drunk to drive, so she gave Jamika her keys to put in the keyhole. As she tried to put the key inside, it slipped out of her fingers and fell to the ground. 

"Damn girl, you a clumsy bitch!" Tamara said laughing.

"Shut up you drunk whore!" Jamika shot back playfully.

As Jamika rose up to put the key in the keyhole again, she felt something strong grab her shoulders and force her up against the car hard. Jamika thought the scream came from her, but when she turned to see what happened to Tamara, she saw a big, bald, black man wearing black sweat shirt and sagging pants. A thug she recognized all too well. T-Bone! With his big, tree trunk arms, he wrapped them around Tamara like two anacondas squeezing their meal to death so it could feed. Tamara tried to escape. She kicked, struggled to move, even yelled. With his plumped black hand, T-Bone covered her mouth to drown out the screams. All her best friend could do was scream into the hand which sounded like quiet humming. 

Whoever held Jamika in place turned her around to reveal his identity. 

"You thought this was the last time me and you were gonna meet, huh bitch?" Black asked balefully. He put his forearm up against her throat so tight Jamika couldn't scream. She could only look into the face of evil as she was held in place. "So you think you black, stuck up, bitches can leave my place of business disrespecting Black and get away with it?" He released his forearm and instead gripped her shirt and gave her a strong back hand across her cheek knocking Jamika to the ground. 

"Yo man, I thought we were just going to scare them?" T-Bone asked having a deep feeling that Black's whole plan was about to take a turn for the worst. 

"Man stop crying like a bitch and hold that loud mouth while I work on this one!" Black ordered. He turned back to the down Jamika. Just seeing the once strong and unpenetribal black woman, now looking weak and defenseless excited Black. It was like looking at a before and after picture. Just watching the fear in Jamika's eyes gave him a hard on. "You know what I'm going to do too you bitch? I'm gonna smack you around a few times just for disrespecting me and my man there or until you get the message that I'm the man and the only man for you. After I get tired of you, I'm going to do the same thing to your little girlfriend over there. And after that, both of you stuck up hoes are going to be work'in the corner for me. And the boys are gonna love the both of you." Black dug into his pocket and took out a switchblade and pressed it hard against Jamika's soft cheek. "But before they do, I'm gonna fuck that tight ass first! What'll you say T-Bone, you think we should try them out, loosen them up a little before they get to work?"

T-Bone still held Tamara in his arm and covered her mouth with his thick hand to prevent her from screaming. Tamara tried to break free, but there was no use. T-Bone was way too thick and way too strong. But T-Bone was having second doubts about Black's plan. It was one thing to trick young girls fresh out of highschool. They were easy and desperate. This was different. These weren't young, naïve, high schoolers looking to make some cash just to get into college. These were strong, independent, black women. Women that could fight back if they found a way. Both Black and T-Bone would get years if these bitches somehow escaped and went to the police. Which meant one thing. And if it came to that, Black did not pay him enough to stick around to help. 

"Stay still hoe," Black threatened, "trust me, it will hurt a lot less." With the switchblade pressed against Jamika's soft cheek, Black reached down to unbutton and unzip her denim pants. With all his strength, Black forced her pants and underwear down enough to know he could fit the rest of himself inside her. Black raped a woman who crossed him before. The first stuck up bitch before Jamika. Teaching that hoe a lesson gave him an erection he never knew could be possible. Black lifted up his shirt with a baleful smile, knowing that Jamika's demise was close at hand. "Ready for this baby?" He asked looking down between her thighs. Black rose up his face twisted in disgust. Then looked up at Jamika who was scared but then confused. "Damn bitch," Black cried, "what the fuck?!"

"What," T-Bone asked still holding onto Tamara, "what's up Black?"

Before Black could explain he heard a loud, "Oof", from behind. When he turned around to see what happened, his eyes widened in shock.

Dogma stood beside a car as he watched the whole thing. One big, bulky size, man was holding a skinny black woman in his arms. He heard the scream once, but he didn't hear it again. Either someone died or the poor girl's mouth was closed shut by the big man's hand. Further down he saw another man, probably his partner in crime, also wearing all black. He was next to a car and he was on top of somebody. Probably another helpless woman. The two must be best friends coming out of the club when the two thugs snatched them in the dark. An act that is common among the stereotypical black thugs in the hood. Though Dogma felt it was none of his business to interfere in human affairs, something deep inside his soul kept picking at him to do something. But he had to be smart. Going up there all commando against two strong thugs was not a wise thing to do. Instead, he did the sensible thing. He followed the rules of the hunt related to the animal kingdom. 

T-Bone watched nervously while holding on to the struggling Tamara. If he didn't understand why she was struggling in his arms, he could have turned her around and bitch slap her to shut the hell up just like Black did her friend. Instead he just held her in place making her watch as her girlfriend was about to be beaten and violated at the same time. 

Suddenly T-Bone felt a strong tap on his shoulder making him turn around. Before he could react there was a strong punch to his face making him see stars. Trying to tend to his pain, he let Tamara go. Shaking the stars away from his face, T-Bone looked up to see who was foolish enough to even dare lay a hand on him. There standing in front of him was a tall, but gothic looking figure, all dressed in a cloak that was dark as the clothes him and Black were wearing. But his face was hidden by a golden mask that looked like the shape of a dog. 

T-Bone has heard stories about people like them. Weird, satanic, golden masked animal wearing creeps who walk down the streets acting like they scaring somebody. He never knew he would see one in this part of town. 

Finally recovering from the firing, but embarrassing punch, T-Bone stood tall and proud ready to return the favor. "Look you Marilyn Manson lov'in creep mothafucka. I don't know if you dressed like that to impress somebody or look cool, but you just made the biggest mistake in your entire life." 

The man with the golden dog mask tilt his head to the side as if it misunderstood what T-Bone said. T-Bone didn't know what the man was thinking while wearing the mask and didn't care. He already had the whole fight scene planned out before they got into it. T-Bone was big and strong enough to grab the creep and lift his gothic ass off the ground and slam him so hard it would feel like he was paralyzed from the waist down. Grab his cloak or neck (If he could) to hold him steady and rip the mask from his face to see who the bitch really is. Recognize him or not, T-Bone was going to beat him so bad, he would have to be wearing a mask for sure. 

Without wasting anytime, T-Bone charged at the tall, dog masked, person ready to throw his first punch. But the dog masked figure leaned to the side dodging his heavy punch. Not letting the miss get to him, T-Bone threw another punch at the dog mask. The mask person leaned to the other side dodging another punch. T-Bone threw a few more punches, but every time he felt hopeful it was another miss. T-Bone may not be experienced in cardiovascular activity, but when it came to beaten some mothafucka's ass he never quit. But the masked person came back with a punch to T-Bone's gut. T-Bone felt it, but was unfazed. He continued striking the mask creep until he hit something. But the mask dog started blocking two of T-Bone's strikes with his strong arms and returned with another strike to the stomach and a right hook to T-Bones cheek. Then he uppercutted him in the face. T-Bone thought that sneak attack was going to be the last pain he would ever feel. How embarrassingly wrong he felt when he was struck three times in the gut, right cheek, and chin. T-Bone backed up a little to shake the dizziness from his eyes and tried to recover. He looked up at the mask vigilante standing there as if waiting for his next move. Was this nigga a professional boxer or something? Angry and embarrassed, T-Bone charged at him again confident that their second round was not going to be like the last. 
