 Fire enveloped the world; the once seemingly peaceful days are now gone, replaced by lawlessness. Gangs and goons run amuck doing whatever they please. I follow one such gang. I had to. I'm a defenseless woman, no strength, and no knowledge on how to survive in this world. Vladimir took me in, and, in exchange for food and protection, I was his toy. He could do whatever he pleased with my body. 

At first it was a good deal, I got food and protection for sex. As time passed however, Vladimir got rougher and colder. He abused me, hit me, and left me battered and bruised. Yet I could do nothing about it. I was his toy. At least I was only his and not for the other worthless men he has around him as well. But there was one, Dimitri, he wasn't like the others...he was different. Like a knight in a silly girl's dream. He's tall, handsome, with long, flowing black hair, and a fearless warrior who would show no mercy to his enemy. 

"You, Bitch, listen to me when I speak to you!" Vladimir's hand flew across my face knocking me off balance. I landed butt first on the cold floor. 

"I'm sorry Vlad," I said rubbing my burning cheek. Note to self: no internal monologue when Vlad is present. 

"We're going to raid the scum bags at the northern district so yer ganna be staying here with a few of my men. Dimitri is going to stay here and keep everything in order, and since he's a queer Ima leave ya in his care." 

He grabbed my shoulders and lifted me off the ground with ease. "Now listen here you slut, yer not sleeping with any of the bastards. If I find out you were laying around with any of them I'll kill them then I'll severely punish ya." His cold blue eyes stared at me, cold and emotionless. 

"I...I understand," I said, afraid of what he would do if I didn't answer. 

He let me fall to the ground again and stormed out of the room, shouting orders as he left. I was left in a cold, crumbling room. I gathered my knees and rolled myself into a little ball. At lease he didn't fuck me before he left. It was always painful whenever we had sex, he was so rough. At a time I loved it, but not anymore. 

Time passed and I was growing more and more uncomfortable in that room. I could feel that something horrible was going to come and get me. Slowly, I opened the door and looked around the darkened hallway. Those who were left behind were probably drunk on the first floor. Quickly and silently I made my way to Dimitri's room. It felt like my heart was going to explode. I was getting excited to see him. Just a room away I was spotted by a goon going out for a nightly piss. He grined at me with his hideous teeth. I tried to run passed him but he grabbed my hair and yanked me to the ground with a hard tug. 

"Hehe, Vlad's little toy is lost. How about I play with you?" his breath stank like ass. 

"No...let me go!" I tried to escape but it was impossible. 

"Come on girly, I'll be gentle with you" 

"No! Dimitri help!" I shouted to the top of my lungs. The goon was dragging me to his room. I shouted his name again and again, hoping he would come and help me. Suddenly, the pulling on my hair stopped. I opened my eyes to see that Dimitri had punched the goon. 

"Didn't you hear what Vlad said?! No one touches the girl except him. If you want to fuck that much, how about I pop your black cherry?" 

The goon looked at Dimitri. I noticed that he was standing there naked. My god he was so delicious my pussy tingled in excitement. The goon backed down and mumbled an apology as he made his way back to his room. 

Dimitri then turned towards me, his black gaze studying me. "Come on let's get you into my room," he said extending his hand towards me. Blushing, I took his hand, and then he led me towards his room. 

"What where you doing out there all by yourself?" he asked going back to his bed. 

"I... I didn't want to be alone, what if one of those bastards came in and tried to rape me?" 

"Well, didn't Vlad say that he would kill anyone who even tried to touch you?" 

"Yeah, he said that, but he also said that he would severally punish me also." I shivered at the thought of that brute's punishment. 

Dimitri looked at me, sighed, and then rolled to one side of his bed. He patted the side of his bed and invited me in. I always wondered if he was really gay or not. Such a handsome and courageous man and he is homosexual, it was a shame to all women, what was left of it anyways. I could try and turn him on, now that I knew he slept naked. Oh that would be sweet, having that hard cock around my fingers. 

"Are you going to stand there all night or are you going to sleep?" he said snapping me out of my day dream. 

I walked towards the bed, but before I got on it, he stopped me, telling me to take off all of my clothing. I froze, panic rising along with embarrassment. Slowly I tugged my shirt off, followed by my skirt. I could feel Dimitri's gaze on me. I stood on my undergarments. 

"Everything off, clothes are ... not necessary for sleep," he turned around, his back facing me. I did as he ordered and striped completely. 

I crawled into his bed and curled into a ball. My heart was beating so fast I thought it would burst. I could feel the heat off his body on my back, his scent engulfed my nose. I was getting so horny just being this close to him, that my hand slipped between my thighs. As I pleasured myself, I tried to keep quiet because I knew Dimitri was awake. Frankly I didn't care; I vigorously rubbed my clit till I came with a sigh. With that climax I slept. 

For the first time in years I had a good night rest. When I awoke Dimitri was been gone, but he left me a note which read: 

Angela, I'll be back in a while with some food. For your own safety, DO NOT leave the room. Feel free to use anything in the room. 

- Dimitri 

 

I got out of bed and searched for my clothes, but they were nowhere in sight. So I took the liberty of taking one of Dimitri's black shirts. It was big on me, covering me completely up till my thighs. I took the collar of the shirt and put it over my nose and inhaled deeply, I loved how it smelled. 

I searched around his room and found an old hair brush. It looked like he used it, so I left it be...for a while at least, I just couldn't resist brushing my hair. It was one of those guilty pleasures from the old days when the world used to be a more livable place. 

After some time I was feeling hungry, and just as my stomach started to growl, Dimitri came in with a tray in hand. "Morning, Angela," he said with a smile on his face. 

Shyly, I greeted him also. It was nice to hear my name being said out loud. Usually they call me slut, bitch, or toy. He placed the tray on the bed and told me to dig in. I walked over to the bed and ate to my heart's content. 

As I ate, Dimitri picked up the brush and started to brush my hair. I swallowed what I was chewing and asked Dimitri, "Where are my clothes?" 

"I trashed them. I'll get you something better soon," he said brushing my hair to the side revealing the neck. He brushed the tips of his fingers on the bite marks left by Vlad. He sighed and said, "Such beauty tarnished by a harsh man" 

I couldn't help but blush. He thought of me as a beauty. "It's the price I pay for being practically useless." 

From behind me Dimitri took my arm and lifted it, giving light to the healing bruises. Every nerve ending became alive when he touched me, my nipples where poking though the light material of the shirt. Electricity shot through my blood stream straight to my pussy. 

"You're not useless. This hell hole is not fit for a woman," he stated as he continued to caress my bruises. I was getting more and more aroused. I could feel myself heating up, my pussy starting to get wet. Dimitri's hand moved from my arm to my shoulder. His other hand came and they were parallel on my back shoulders. His thumbs began a slow and sensual, circular motion. I relaxed to his touch, drifting into a Zen zone. 

His hands drifted lower and lower. Reaching my lower back, his fingers brushed exposed skin down there. I couldn't take it anymore, reluctantly I moved away from his touch. I landed on the floor, hands in front of me, covering my dripping pussy. 

It was so stupid, I felt frustrated and on the verge of crying. There he was, the perfect man in this hellish hell hole feeding me and taking care of me, but he was gay. 

"Angela, what's wrong?" He asked, care in his voice. 

"It's not fair!" I shouted as tears began rolling down my eyes. 

He stood up from the bed and kneeled down in front of me. "Angie, what's wrong? What's not fair?" 

"It's you! It's not fair. I want you. I want you to love me..." I cried like I hadn't cried in years. 

Dimitri took my head gently and cradled it on his chest. "Oh, Angie, I do love you" 

"No, you don't get it," I said hitting him with the back of my fists, but he did not flinch. 

He took my chin between his thumb and index finger and lifted my head to look at him. The next thing he did surprised me. He pressed his lips against mine. Shocked, my eyes flew wide open, then, slowly, I closed my eyes and began to enjoy the taste of him. He teased my bottom lip, urging me to open my mouth so he could deepen the kiss. I did as he wanted and I opened myself to him, quickly I was engulfed by an untamable fire deep within my stomach. 

Just before I could lift my hands to twine my fingers into his hair he pulled away abruptly. He looked away and I could see a light blush on his face. Still heated I reached slowly with my hand towards him but before I could touch him he stood up and walked towards the nearest wall and punched it. I jumped at the loud sound. Pieces of the wall came crumbling down where his fist still rested. 

"Shit!" he cursed, and another punch came flying at the wall. 

"Dimitri?" I called to him in a low voice, not sure if he heard me. But he did, he turned around and looked at me. A mixture of emotions ran though his face. 

"I'm sorry," he apologized. He put his back against the wall and slid down. "I shouldn't have done that." 

Slowly, I crawled my way towards him until I was face to face with him. I was seriously confused at that moment. I asked him, "Are you alright?" 

He looked up at me and forced a smile "Yeah" was all he said. I kept looking into his blue eyes, drawing myself into them. 

"Why did you...." I stopped my question short, but he answered it anyway. 

"Kiss you?" he sighed and continued "Why would a man kiss any woman Angie?" 

"There is only one reason why a man will kiss a woman this day and age," I said remembering what I was in this world. 

"I'm not a man of this day and age, I still have my values, the expectation of the old world." He cupped my face with one hand and forced me to look at him. 

"But your gay, aren't you?" I asked, a knot in my stomach. 

He shook his head. "I pretend to be queer just so I could get a bit closer to you without alarming Vladimir," he confessed, feathering his thumb on my cheekbone. His eyes glittered with a melancholic glow. 

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling while he talked. 

"I do love you, but Vlad owns you. I stayed back because I thought that he would take care of you. However this world has transformed him into something different. I hoped that he would come to his senses soon, but I see now that that will never come true." 

I started to laugh. Here was my knight in shining armor, an impossible goal to achieve. Years believing he was gay and here he is, sitting there telling me he loves me. "I can't believe this," I said, tears forming in my eyes. 

"It's true, Angela" 

I pulled away from his hand and looked at him. "For years I dreamt, I wished for you, but that dream was always cut short because you were out of my reach, and now you expect me to believe that you always loved me?" 

His features hardened and he became serious. "Feel for yourself." He grabbed my wrist and placed my hand on his manhood. My hand twitched as I felt his erection. I gasped as my hand greedily felt up the bulge in his pants. He groaned but didn't let go of my wrist. 

"This is because of you, you don't know how frustrated I felt last night seen your naked body, feeling the heat of you next to me, hearing you as you masturbated next to me, it drove me insane." He whispered in a low voice, probably being careful not to be overheard. His cock jerked as he remembered. 

With his free hand he ran his fingers though my hair stopping at the back of my neck. He looked at me with his blue eyes, it felt as if I was going to drown in them. My breathing became short, ragged gasps and the distance between us lessened. My lips brushed onto his but a hard knock on the door stopped us short. 

I jumped, quickly moving away from Dimitri into a little dark corner of the room, far away from the door. Dimitri stood and answered the door, putting on his harsh, cold face. 

"Dimitri, the Duran brothers are attacking!" said the goon at the door. He sounded somewhat scared. The Duran brothers were nothing for Vladimir and Dimitri, but they had the unfashionable timing of attacking when Vlad was out. 

"I'll be there in a moment," Dimitri said closing the door. He went over to the bed and looked under it. 

He took out what looked like a Japanese sword. I've seen him around with that sword, but never quite got a close look at it. Usually Vlad was fumbling with my body when he passed by with it. 

He came towards the little dark corner of the room and kneeled down. "Angela, stay here don't open the door for anyone, got it?" 

I nodded. 

He stood up and turned around, but did not walk away. "Angela, would you stand up for me?" he asked with his back towards me. 

I did as he told me, and in one quick movement, he turned around and took possession of my mouth. He moved so quickly that I was thrusted to the wall behind me. I was caught in a swell of lust. Dimitri pressed himself against me, grinding himself to me. 

Another knock on the door stopped us short again. I almost groaned in frustration, but Dimitri groaned for both of us. "Don't leave this room," he said. His voice was husky, almost with a growl on his voice. I had a feeling he was going to severally kick the Duran brother's with their tails between their legs. 

Night soon fell and Dimitri wasn't back yet. The first thirty minutes he had left were the worst. I was sexually frustrated, but I promised myself that I would not touch myself, and I was feeling paranoid that one of Vladimir's idiots would come through the door any minute. However, I had fallen asleep on the bed. 

It was the ruffle of the door knob that woke me up. Immdiately, I jumped from Dimitri's bed and hid on the darkest corner of the room, now much darker because night had fallen. 

"Angela?" Dimitri asked looking around the room. 

Happy to hear him, I peeked out of the corner. "Welcome back!" I saw that he was carrying a box in his hands. I looked upwards and saw that his blue eyes were looking in my direction. Then I noticed the large cut on his cheek. I walked up to him, and brushed his soft, black hair out of the way to have a better look at his wound. 

"It's just a scratch, nothing more," he said, smiling at me. I couldn't help but worry. We didn't have much medical supplies and simple wounds like this would become the death of one if they were left untreated. 

"Where is the medical kit? We have to clean it up before it gets infected," I started walking towards the door, but then I remembered that Vlad's goons where out there, probably drinking their asses off. 

"Angie, don't worry about it. I'll look for the kit now. In the mean time here, I brought you some clothes." He opened the lid of the box and I saw new, well mostly new, clothes inside. I was kind of happy to see them since I've been wearing the same clothes for almost five years. I dare not ask Vladimir to get me some new ones, he would have smacked me half way across the room saying something like "You're a toy! Your birthday suit suites you best for my needs" 

"Thank you," I said taking, the box from his hands. I balanced myself on the balls of my feet and kissed his good cheek. He smiled at me, but in his eyes I could tell he was expecting something different from me. 

"Be right back, and again, don't open the door for anyone." He brushed my cheek with the back of his fingers and headed out the door. I took the clothes out of the box, he even brought me underwear. I was slightly embarrassed by that, but more embarrassed when I put on the bra and it actually fit. How did he know my bra size? Do I even want to know? Also in the box were a skirt and a pair of pants of similar color. I decided to put the skirt on. 

There was an apple in the box as well. I looked at it hungrily. These types of fruits were hard to come by now a days. I brushed it off and took a big bite out of it. I moaned in pleasure as the rich flavor exploded in my mouth. 

"I see you like the apple. You better, that little sucker was a pain to get," Dimitri said laughing. I walked up to him and took the medical kit off his hands, trading it for the apple. I placed it on the near by table, opened it up, and took the necessary supplies to clean his wound. 

"Sit on the bed, Dimitri." I told him. 

He did as I said and I brushed his hair aside so I could get a better look. I began to clean his wound up and not once did he flinch while I was working on him. He just kept looking at me with his blue eyes. I tried to stay concentrated, but I couldn't. "What? Do I have something on my face?" I laughed. 

He chuckled and said, "No, your face is beautiful as it is." I could feel my blush on my ears. 

Changing the subject, I quickly asked him how he got that wound. 

"Nothing important. One of the brothers had a gun and, well, I got cocky. Then bang," he said. I finished cleaning his wound and patching it up. 

"I see. Don't do that again, you're the only one who keeps me sane in this hell hole." Relalizing what I said, I looked above his head. 

His hands came up and cupped my face, forcing me to look into his eyes. " I won't do anything to worry you." 

I looked from his eyes to his lips, the tip of my tongue flicked, misting my lower lips. This time there was nothing to stop us. His lips merged with mine in a slow, passionate kiss. My hands rested on the nape of his neck, feeling the heat radiating from his skin. 

So deeply concentrated was I on the kiss, that when I felt his fingers brush my pussy over the underwear, I nearly jumped. Not away, but towards him. He moved my underwear away and slip his fingers, lazily touching my clit and making his way down to my wet entrance. 

I wrapped my hand around his neck, holding up to him for support. His warm silky fingers lazily caressed me, triggering cold shivers that ran through my body, heating it. One of his fingers entered me and I nearly screamed in delight, but I held it back. 

"We can't do this," I said, breathing hard. For so many years, I've never felt so turned on, so hot and sexy by merely being touched. 

His finger pushed deeper inside me, his thumb was slowly moving clockwise over my clit. I could no longer hold my weight, my knees gave out, one landed between his legs and the other to the side so I was hovering between his left thigh. He never stop the magic of his fingers, I had to tighten my lips so hard to hold back the moan. 

I raised my head and whispered breathlessly in his ear. "Dimitri...I need to cum, make me cum!" I took his earlobe with my lips and gently sucked on it, occasionally flicking it with my tongue. 

The finger that was inside me increased its speed in and out so quickly that it was just a matter of seconds before I erupted. But before my orgasm came he pulled his hand away. I nearly screamed at him to continue, but his horsey voice said, "I must taste you." With that, he turned me over so that I was lying on the bed, him on top of me. He took one long look at me and moved down between my legs. With skillful hands he removed my underwear and his head disappeared inside my skirt. 
