 My time had come, as a pixie we do not know the ways that we can reproduce. It is only a select few who learn the ways after being judged as fit from the council that are sent to the human world to undergo training. Today was my turn.

A big ceremony took place where the whole village sang and ate and got drunk on nectar, this went on all day and at the night fall I was dressed in the ceremonial robes of a shear night gown and my hair tied back tight in a pony tail to show off my pointy ears to their most. Upon asking why this attire the reply from the eldest was that was the preference of the human male I was going to. He liked ears and liked to see what he got straight away. The eldest pixie told me not to worry as she had been trained by him and he was very good but what at she wouldn't say and she gave me a drink to sedate me.

I woke up and found myself in a huge bed with soft satin sheets covering me, dim lighting and a man stroking my ears. Instantly I sat up "where am I?????"

"It's ok" he said "you're safe. My name is Robert and I am here to show you how to service others, I will be kind to you but I expect you to learn well and trust me". It was at this time I noticed that under the covers Robert was naked. I didn't know what to do. In our community the men and women are kept separate as not many men are born to us and so they are regarded highly and rarely seen but here was a naked man beside me. Scared I didn't know what to do or where to look, as he continued to stroke my ears I became uncomfortable and remembered that my nighty was shear and he had probably looked at me while I was sleeping. I was nervous and shy and didn't know what to do.

"Now, now" Robert said "So tell me what you know. Did anyone tell you anything before you came here about things we are going to do?"

Things to do????? I shook my head a little keeping my eyes on my hands holding the covers to me "I'm not sure what you mean"

"Well let's start at the beginning then, have you seen a male before?"

"No"

"Ok well then this is what a male looks like and we aren't all that scary are we. Now Pixie I'm going to tell you what a kiss is, do you know?"

"No"

"A kiss is when your lips meet my lips. It doesn't sound bad now does it?" his fingers were tracing my nose taking delight in its up-turn and straying across my lips lightly. "here shall we try" and at that he moved his hand lower to cup my chin and drew me closer till our lips met.

"Like that Pixie?"

A feeling in my lips spread all over, it was strange and exciting but I wasn't sure why or what kind of exciting but it was nice so I nodded.

"Ok then Pixie girl, when people kiss they also do that more than once and open there mouths a little when we do that I will put my tongue in your mouth and I want you to touch it with your tongue.

Before I had time to answer he kissed me again, very gently and over and over. The feelings this gave me were so nice and I could feel his mouth opening a little and so I did the same with mine suddenly I felt his tongue on my lips making its way in I was startled and pulled back.

"Pixie, Pixie don't be afraid. Don't you like kissing, tell me the truth" Robert stroke my ears lightly while asking, it was making me feel a little at ease but still...

"Yes it feels nice"

"So why did you stop"

"I don't know, I didn't think.... I mean I wasn't sure"

"It's ok" Robert said "Now we are going to start again and this time don't pull away Pixie I can assure you that it is nice and you will like it"

His voice was firm and I felt that I had to do as he said so when he started kissing me again and parted lips I did the same. His tongue went in my mouth and I felt it on mine it was strange and nice and I couldn't help but like it and I found myself kissing him back and a little harder. This time it was Robert that pulled back.

"Pixie likes that I think" I realised I was nodding "Now I think you are ready for the next step" Robert pulled back the covers a little to show his chest, at the same time exposing mine.

"See now" he said while holding my shaking hand and bringing it towards him to place on him. "This is a man's chest; see how it is different to yours, flatter." He drew my finger towards a pale pink area "this is a nipple; you have them too, yes?" I nodded. "Ok how do you feel"

"Not sure" I spoke this was all new to me and I didn't know what was going to happen here was a male exposing himself to me and I was sacred.

"I want to touch your nipple can I??" His hand moved over my chest and onto the mound that my nipple sat on. "This is called a breast. You are a very compact little Pixie, I'm sure that you have noticed that other pixies have bigger and smaller breasts than you but you are perfect for my hands" Yet again I nodded biting my lower lip as his hand cupped my newly named body part through my nighty and his thumb ran over the area of my nipple. A shiver moved over me this was nice I thought. 

"Now I want to see your breasts I think you should pull your nighty down and show me them" hesitating I pulled the straps of it off my arms and Robert reached and pulled it down until I was exposed right down low to what he called my belly button.

"Very nice, very nice" his head moved down to my chest and he started to kiss my nipples, I couldn't move back as I was lying on the bed, I tried to turn to the side but he held me down. He started to suck on my nipples and although the kissing was nice this was different. This was making other things happen to me else where.

Suddenly he stopped. "I'm sorry pixie, but they just looked so good I had to taste them. Did it feel good?" I nodded. "Would you like to make me feel good like that Pixie?" before I had a chance to answer my head was being pulled towards his smooth chest and my mouth positioned above his nipple. Lowered my mouth was on his nipple and I felt a hand stroking my hair and ear and I kissed the little nub that stuck out. I heard a slight moan and a bit of a push up towards me. My tongue slipped out and ran over the nub. I felt more of a push up and a bit more of a moan. It sounded like he liked what I was doing the same as I liked what he had done to me. The sounds that he was making were producing more of those feeling in another area again and I didn't know what was happening but I knew I wanted a bit more.

Robert touched my face and gently pulled me up. "That was very good Pixie girl. Very good you are making me feel very nice, do you feel nice?"

"I do"

"Do you feel nice else where?"

"Yes"

"Where?"

"Between my legs feels nice but I'm not sure why" I replied shyly feeling myself flush a little in embarrassment.

"You have made me feel nice there too, can I look at where you feel nice" with that he pulled the cover down lower and then took my nighty off by pulling it down all the way and past my feet to free it. All the time he kept that area of him covered. 

With the cover down he ran a hand over my belly area and down to between my legs I couldn't help it but they parted a little as if to let him touch me a bit more lower and under his breath I could hear him saying "mmm my pixie girls I love how they are always bare much better" I wondered what he meant.

"I am going to touch you here. I'm going to stroke over you and when the time is right and you feel ready I'm going to do something else but I'll wait till then to tell you"

I just nodded as while he was saying all this his finger was stroking over that area of me and I could feel it tingle, I could feel a wetness happening inside me and feeling happening. I closed my eyes and let what Robert was doing to me keep going on. 

It stopped.

I looked at Robert I think my eyes showed the question of why?

"Do you want more?"

"Yes" slipped from my lips

"Ok this will feel a bit different, but first I want you to tell me that you like it when I play with your cunt"

"Is that what it's called ...? A cunt" I whispered

"Yes now say it"

Robert's fingers slid over me as I spoke "I like it when you play with my cunt"

"Again louder"

"I like it when you play with my cunt"

"More"

"I like it when...." It was at that point his fingers went inside me. I gasped loudly I had never felt that before and it felt good. He felt good and inside me and I could feel his finger wiggling about and sliding in and out.

"Does that feel nice?"

"....Yes" I managed to get out

"Tell me it feels fucking good"

"It feels fucking good"

It felt like he was pushing up more fingers inside me and I could feel my wet 'cunt' getting stretched as he more and more frantically plunged them in me.

"You like to be finger fucked don't you Pixie. You love it don't you. You love it. You're a horny Pixie aren't you?"

I was becoming more and more excited and a strange feeling was building up inside me and spreading all over my body and I didn't know what 'fucked' meant or 'horny' but if this was it I liked it and the more I showed I liked it by moaning the more he spoke and the harder and faster he plunged. It felt like all his fingers were in me and suddenly I exploded.

The whole world disappeared and I felt tight and relaxed at the same time and amazing. Robert slowed down and stopped took his fingers out of me and sucked the wetness off and offered me some I shook my head but he insisted and so I tasted this liquid that came from me. It was warm and sweet. When it was all gone I looked at him a bit sheepishly and asked what he meant by words like fuck and horny.

Robert laughed a little "I'm sorry Pixie. You looked so good like you were really enjoying it. Fuck and fucking is what my fingers were doing to you when they were going in and out of you that's what the motion was and horny is how you are feeling and how you made me feel when I was doing that to you. Did you like it Pixie???"

"Yes it was good you made me feel like I exploded inside"

"Good Pixie girl now I want you to make me feel like I have exploded".

Robert took my hand and took it below the covers until it touched something long and hard. He wrapped my fingers around this area and pulled my hand up and down the long thing. With his other hand he pulled the covers down and revealed what it was that I was touching.

It was a long thick protrusion of flesh with a round head on the top it felt both solidly hard and soft at the same time my hand held round it moving up and down seemed to make it grow even harder. Robert had a hand on my nipple and was telling me to hold it tighter and move a bit faster as I did he moaned "ooooh that good ......more" He twisted my nipples and in response I gasped and held even tighter and speeded up my movement. "Mmmm oh fuck mmm that's fucking good Pixie. Fucking good".

His hand let go of my nipple and I had to hold back from asking for more but he was pushing my head down towards his area. "Pixie I want you to suck my cock, suck my cock Pixie girl like a lolly pop like you can't get enough"

My mouth opened over his cock and I took as much as I could in until I was almost chocking sucking hard up and down I started to move my tongue over it as well. I licked and sucked and did as much as I could to the sounds of Robert telling me how good it was I followed instructions to nibble around the head and how to wank it into my mouth he asked for me to look at him while I did it. I loved the taste of that cock and how hard it felt in my mouth the wetness in me started to return again. Robert's noises got more muffled "look at me, you look so fucking good right now" then he suddenly pulled out of my mouth.

"Pixie your good at that almost too good I don't want to come before I get a chance to show you what else my cock can do and where it fits into." I just looked at him. "But first I'm going to do the equivalent to you of what you did to me". Before I could ask what that was Robert was down between my legs with his face straight in front of my cunt. He stuck his tongue out and licked me. Instantly I tightened and whimpered. His tongue felt wet and soft sliding around me. It was touching places that made me shiver and buck my hips. It probed inside as deep as it would go and out again to the places that made me jerk. 

"Are you enjoying me eating your cunt Pixie?"

"Yes" I grabbed his hair and held on tight that feeling from before was building up again.

"Tell me"

"I love it when you eat my cunt; it feels so fucking good I love your tongue round me"

"Do you want to be finger fucked again Pixie girl?"

All I could get out was a low moan which got louder as his fingers slid into me and began furiously to fuck me all I could do was to grab his hair harder.

"I want to stick my cock in you Pixie. I think you're ready"

As good as I was feeling the thought of that big cock inside me was a bit scary and I tried to back away a bit. Robert moved from between my legs until he was over me.

"I promise that you'll like it and that I'll be gentle, do you like being finger fucked?"

I nodded still unsure it just didn't seem right that something as big as his cock could fit into my cunt when it felt so tight with his fingers.

"Well it's like that but better you'll be fine"

With that he reached down, looking I saw that he was holding his cock and was lowering until he had it so it was touching the outside of my cunt. He started to move the head of his cock all over my cunt and its opening. I could feel it sliding and it did feel good. Slowly he went to the opening and pushed a little so just to tip was nudging inside.

"Ok?"

I looked up at him biting my lip and nodded. He pushed a little further and looked at me quizzing. I still nodded.

Robert pulled out a bit and then pushed in a bit more than before. I closed my eyes and resigned to feeling it pushing in bit by bit. Feeling my cunt stretching around it the head pushed its way all in and Robert and I both felt it. At that moment I looked up to him startled and quickly in took some breath digging in my nails a little into his skin. Robert looked down at me and told me I felt fucking good.

Slowly he pushed more and more into me until there was no more to push the slowly he pulled almost all the way out and then in again over and over.

He leaned down and kissed me hard his tongue forcing into my mouth but I couldn't help it I wanted to kiss him back so much and the feelings from his cock inside me were so intense that I didn't know or care about anything all I could do was feel him inside.

"oh fuck you feel so good Pixie so fucking good" Robert couldn't hold back from saying this over and over where as all I could say was "oh fuck" over and over.

Robert then got me to sit on top of him. When I was on top he seemed to push so much harder and deeper inside me and touch places inside that instantly brought back that feeling again. So quickly that feeling of exploding was building up and there was nothing I could do all I wanted was for it to happen. Robert it seemed wanted the same he had grabbed my legs and was pulling me back and forward faster and faster and I was moving with it all. Wanting more thinking that only a few hours ago I knew nothing about any of the activities we had done and all I wanted was more and then there it was.

I exploded more than I had before, my whole body shook wildly I grabbed on to him hard and couldn't help but scream. Robert exploded too it seemed. Inside got even more wet and I felt him jerk along with me. 

I collapsed off and Robert held me tight and whispered what a good little pixie girl I was and how well I learned from him.