 In the middle of a wooden area, off a barely used dirt road, was an old truck that was already long past its prime or resale value for that matter.

In the bed of the truck sat two 18-year-old twin brothers that were currently looking up at the starry night sky over them. They both had black hair, but one had a birthmark on the back of his head that cause some of his hair to bleach out into a current moon shape.

Their clothes and shoes were worn and torn, barely able to find them anymore. Their bodies were covered in bruises and cuts.

They had run away from their hellish life with their abusive drunk father, having stolen the truck to get out of their as fast as possible.

"Thomas?" One of the boys asked the other.

"Yeah Shawn?" Thomas looked over at Shawn, wondering what was on his mind.

"What are we going to do now?" Shawn asked, having turned his head from the night sky to Thomas.

"I honestly don't know." Thomas told him.

They turned their heads up to the sky again, just as a shooting star was flying by.

Both boys stared, wide-eyed and full of wonder at the sight they beheld.

"We need to make a wish!" Shawn told Thomas who quickly bowed his head and folded his hands. "I wish to never return to that horrible place ever again."

"I wish..." Shawn thought his over a bit more.

When he got it, he stood up, throwing his fist into the air. "I wish we find a home that a million times better then that shit hole! And we will be the only men in the whole wide world, with the most beautiful wives that will make every wish we have come true!"

Both boys laughed, as Thomas sat back down.

"It'd be nice if that could happen," Thomas sighed,

They looked back at the shooting star, but were shocked when it curved, coming towards them.

Shawn and Thomas looked on as the meteor flew over their heads and into the woods behind them.

Curious, they jumped down and went after it.

--

When they found where it had landed, they learned that it wasn't a meteor, but a spaceship. It resembled a clear blue ball with a black and white, blinking band around it.

"Aliens," Thomas whispered. "They're real."

"Quiet." Shawn warned him. "Let's see what they are."

The two watched, as side of the ship opened, and a ramp appeared.

Waiting, the boys see a figure walk out of the ship, but it's not aliening looking. They see a smoking hot, sexy woman with milk white skin and black hair and stood 7 feet tall. Her breasts are 77 inches, and her waist are as wide as two watermelons.

Her clothing resembled a military uniform, with half-a-dozen medals, but more than half her cleavage was showing, and her skirt barely passed her ass. It looked almost as if she was model for an intergalactic show.

The boys looked on, as the alien woman reached under her skirt, and pulled out some device. Waving back and forth, the woman pointed over to where the boys were, and they hid back behind the bush.

"What is she doing here?" Thomas asked, shaking.

"I don't know." Shawn answered, shaking as well.

Before they could think of anything else, they were surprised by the alien woman seemingly teleporting over to their spot.

They looked up to her, gasping as she grabbed them and ran back to her ship in the blink of an eye.

--

Thomas and Shawn found themselves thrown and strapped into chairs. Looking around, they saw the inside of the ship. It was pearl white and perfectly clean. At the controls was another alien woman, just like the one that captured them.

The first walked over and they talked in some strange language.

"What's going to happen to us?" Thomas asked.

"I don't know Thomas." Shawn told them.

One of the aliens walked over. She pulled off her device again and waved it in front of the boys. She then placed the device up to her neck for a bit and started speaking.

"There we go." She spoke in a soft, sweet voice. "Sorry about kidnapping you like that."

"What are you going to do to us?" Thomas asked. "Are you going to... eat us?"

The alien woman looked at him for a bit, before bursting out into laughter. "Where did you get a crazy idea like that?" She kept laughing. "Oh no, no, no. We are not going to eat you. Well... maybe not the way you're thinking."

Thomas and Shawn gasped wide-eyed at the woman.

"Let me explain." She said, "We were sent to your plant to collect young males of your species to bring back for breeding. We only take those that have no home. You two don't have a have home to go back to?" She asked.

Shawn and Thomas looked at each other, before both responding, "No."

"Our mother passed away some time ago," Shawn explained, "and our father was a monster. We were running away from home."

"Okay, good." She said, "My name is Starbright. That's my sister Starlight."

Starlight smiled and waved. Her teeth shone brightly, completely white as well. She looked a lot like her sister, her boobs nearly popping from her uniform.

Suddenly a buzzer went off and red lights filled the room. "What's going on?" Thomas shouted full of worry.

"Don't be afraid," Starlight replied soothingly, turning a couple knobs and switches and the buzzers became silent.

"It seems we have likely candidates," Starbright said and her sister nodded.

"Candidates for what?" Shawn whispered to which Thomas shrugged.

"Feel free to move around," Starbright said, "and please, don't hesitate to touch anything you're curious about."

"Ah!" Starlight called, "first we must take the sample."

"Sample?" Shawn asked to which the two shook their heads from side to side.

"I-is that a no?" Thomas asked to which the two giggled.

"On our planet, unlike yours, we agree from side to side and disagree up and down." Starbright answered.

"Which one of you wants to go first?" Starlight asked but both boys remained in their seats.

"I can sense fear," Starbright said in a comforting tone, leaning over which gave both a full view of her cleavage, "it's nothing to be scared of."

She reached out to Thomas, who looked at his brother nervously.

"No needles?" Shawn asked Starlight, as both were greatly fearful of needles.

"Needles are illegal on our planet. Great harm is said to come from them."

Thomas shook his head in agreement and took Starbright's hand as Shawn remained in his seat to see what would happen.

As he reached Starlight, she smiled down at and said, "We are still unsure as to how your bodies will react to our planet. Hence, we will have you come into contact with common microbes and see your bodies response."

Thomas nodded upon which he saw Starlight's sad expression and immediately shook his head.

"Splendid," she said, "I need an area however which has little contact with outside air."

Thomas and Shawn looked at one another as Starlight pulled out a cotton swab and got to her knees. "It may tickle but it's vital that I do it."

Thomas shook his head as she put her hand down his pants. "Hey!" Thomas shouted.

"Hello," She said innocently as she fished out his hard cock and began to move the swab in and around his slit. Her hand then examined his scrotum.

"Seems healthy according to the readings," Starlight said, "too full however. All liquids must be removed for fear of combustion."

She reached into a cabinet and pulled out a small tube before squirting out a clear oil. She then rubbed it softly onto Thomas. It smelled sweet, almost like apples. Her hand began to stroke him, eliciting his moans.

"It's no use," Starbright said after about 20 minutes of her sister's hand motions, "we must do as the humans."

"You're right," Starlight replied and had Thomas sit in a chair by the control panel. He watched intently as she removed her uniform, exposing a large pair of alien breasts.

They looked similar to human breasts. However, they were extremely large with green nipples. Starlight placed each heavy orb on either side of Thomas's cock and began to move them up and down.

He moaned softly as she went faster, the cream enabling her to speed up. Shawn meanwhile felt a buzz in his shorts, upon which the alarm again went off.

After shutting it down, Starbright pulled his pants down and smiled upon seeing his head poking over his foreskin. She got in her knees and began to do as she had seen of the video feeds that had been set up in the months prior.

She gave a long slow lick to his cock and began to suck, making him cry out as the two brothers experienced their first orgasms. They both came at the same time, spraying their cum onto their captors.

"It would seem as if they have been drained." Starlight said, marveling at the thick cream painting her cleavage as she looked at Thomas, "better than eating you huh?"

Thomas shook his head vigorously as he watched Starlight lick her large boobs, big enough to cover her head.

(Thomas' side)

"We still have a few Earth days till we arrive," Starlight said, reaching her hand out to Thomas. "How about we go to my chambers for some more fun?"

Thomas said nothing, not exactly understanding but feeling a somewhat link with Starlight. He just couldn't figure out what it was. He took her hand and lead to a door that slide open. Inside was a circular bed with what appeared to be a night stand with a strange plant on it.

The room had low pinkish light, almost neon in color. Starlight lead Thomas to the bed, sitting down on it, and pulled Thomas inside for a heated kiss.

Thomas's tongue went straight into her mouth, wrestling her three tongues for control. The three tongues played with his one. It felt incredible to him, His hands grabbed to massive amounts of her breasts, squeezing and groping them as it felt like the right thing to do.

Starlight moaned, loving how Thomas was playing with her body. Breaking the kiss, she said, "You're an amazing kisser."

"It felt great..." Thomas blushed, "I've never done that before."

"Then I will be the first to tell you that you're a natural." Starlight said with a smile, while rubbing Thomas's cock to full mass once again. "You know I've never kissed anyone either."

"Wow..." Thomas said amazed, "well, you're good too."

"Thank you," she said, her face turning a bright orange as she blushed, "I have something else we can do together. And it's a lot of fun..."

"Okay!" Thomas said excitedly, making Starlight giggle. She then leaned back, laying on the bed, and waved Thomas over with her finger.

Thomas could not resist her call, climbing on top of the bed, and crawling over her. She spread her legs, revealing a wet hole, somewhat resembling a zipper. His cock was pressing against the entrance.

"Now," Starlight told him, "Move your hips forward. Do it really fast and it'll make us both feel really good."

Thomas did not have to be told twice, mainly out of his concern for the friendly Starlight. He then lined himself up and forced his cock inside her.

Starlight and Thomas moaned and screamed as they became one. Starlight throwing her head back. "Oh yes!" She shouted, "Fuck me! Fuck the ever-loving shit out of me!"

Thomas started hammering away at Starlight, forcing his entire cock into her tight pussy. "It feels... so good..." he groaned, pushing deep within her.

"I'm so happy you like my pussy..." Starlight responded, wrapping her arms behind his head and smooshing his head between her breasts.

Starlight's scent filled Thomas's nose with a sweet and powerful aroma. He hips began hammering away at Starlight harder, beating at her clit like a battering ram against a castle's doors.

"Oh great goddess of fucking and breeding!" Starlight screamed, "Yes! Fucking yes! Fuck me you magnificent beast!"

Lifting his head up to breathe, Thomas noticed milk coming out of her nipples. He pushed them together and took them into his mouth to drink. The milk was delicious. Sweeter then anything candy he ever had in his life. He could fill his energy boosting, and his cock and balls get bigger and heavier.

"Oh yes!!" Starlight screamed louder, arcing her back, and spreading her legs to let him in more. "Drink my milk! Drink out of the tits that only you and your heir will have the right to drink!"

Thomas did so, feeling more power with each gulp, but he wanted to do more.

He rolled over, bring Starlight with him to the edge of the bed. Hooking his arms under her legs, while his feet touched the floor, Thomas stood up. He held Starlight in his arms and began bouncing her all along his cock.

Starlight was losing it. Her tongue hanging out of her mouth and her eyes slowly glazing over. 

'Who knew Earth boys were so strong...' She thought, while her arms and legs wrapped around Thomas's body for dear life. 'We have to collect more... His cock is reshaping my pussy... and that sack... I can feel it spanking my ass with each drop producing more by the second...'

Thomas held her up by her huge, tight ass was surprised by how light she felt in his arms. Not once did he remove his lips from her tits, wanting to drink her dry.

After a while, Starlight was able to burst out, "I'm about to cum Thomas!"

Thomas, having drained her udders told her, "I am too."

"Let's cum together!" Starlight shouted.

Thomas responded by bouncing her so fast on his cock, she was a blur.

Unable to hold back any more, the two cried out each other's name as they came. They kiss with burning passion, as Thomas's cock head was able to pierce inside Starlight and flooded it with a tsunami of his seed.

As it filled Starlight, her stomach started expanding, forcing the two to break their kiss, and having Thomas quickly lay her on the bed.

He watched, his eyes bulging, as her stomach grew as far out as her breasts. Once his cock was done pumping her fill, he pulled out, and watched as her pussy's lips sealed themselves up.

"Don't worry..." Starlight told him, taking long, deep breaths. "It's just to prevent... you glorious seed... from leaking... out... I'm sure... at least... a dozen... or so of my... eggs... have been... released for... fermentation..."

Thomas was still in shock, but soon that faded, and he jumped on top of Starlight. "I've never felt anything like that!" Thomas shouted, full of excitement and energy.

They kissed in wild lust, as Starlight felt his still raging cock and heavy balls. "My pussy may not be accessible for a while... but there still is so much of me that you can still fuck...

Thomas smiled, and the two continued fucking.

--

(Shawn's side)

Shawn panted as he watched his brother disappear down the hall with Starlight. He then heard bangs and moans come from there and he jumped up believing he was in danger.

"Thomas!" he shouted, rushing to his rescue but Starbright blocked his way.

"Move it Starburst!" he spat, "I'm saving my brother!"

Starbright raised her hand and he felt his voice go away. Try as he could barely move let alone talk.

"My name is Starbright," she said in a calm voice, "and you must not interrupt the probing period."

She got on her knees again and lowered his pants, delighted his cock was frozen stiff as well.

Shawn watched as she removed her uniform, revealing a golden bra, barely containing the gigantic breasts behind them. As she removed it, he saw her tits were golden in color as well but he was allowed to grope them, finding they were soft and squishy.

"Do they meet with your approval?"

"Fuck yeah..." he gasped, Thomas briefly removed from his mind.

She began to stroke it slowly. "I often see your fellow humanoids engaging in breeding. I am eager to feel the effects."

Most women with boobs this size in earth would fall over, Shawn thought to himself.

Her pushed two fingers into her cunt, finding it almost pocket like, as if it could close and open again. She was wet. Very wet. He licked his fingers, finding a taste almost resembling apple juice.

At Shawn's command, she leaned back over the table, showing herself to be very flexible, able to fold herself completely in half. Shawn and Starbright groaned as he pushed inside, beginning to rapidly fuck her.

He was amazed at how tight she was, her pussy almost seeming alive, holding his cock as he pulled back. Nevertheless, he loved it. And so did she.

"Great orcs!" Starbright screamed, "Yes! Probe me!!"

It took all he had not to release into her already. Her pussy was wet and she moaned loudly. Seeing her boobs bouncing, he began to lick and suck them, finding a sweet milk filling his mouth.

The taste was indescribable, but he felt ready to fuck for ages, fucking her brutally as she cried out. She became more brutal in her returns, slamming so hard into Shawn's groin, his teeth rattled.

Yet, the feeling was spectacular.

"Mmmmm..." she moaned, "so good! Please don't stop!" Shawn found his cock was even bigger, the table thankfully bolted securely into the floor.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh! FUCK YES!! Starbright yelled as she came, blasting Shawn with enough juices to put out a forest fire. He continued his sucking of her tits, about to blow himself.

"Fill me master!" Starbright pleaded, "Give me your cream!!!"

Shawn's small frame was greatly dwarfed by the tall, busty warrior but he already had her begging for him. Her gigantic boobs bounced in every direction as her eyes watered, her screams filling the ship and mixing with her sisters.

Shawn gripped the table edge and arched his back as he fired volley after volley of his thick white seed into her pussy. He was fucking an alien! He was cumming inside an alien!

"Mmm..." Starbright moaned as Shawn pulled out, "best lesson ever."

--

As time went one, all four engaged in sexual acts all over the ship. The boys did not need to eat anything, as the milk from the alien women's udders was more than enough for them.

The sisters were to make out with each other, as Thomas and Shawn drank out of their udders and they jerked them off.

The boy would ejaculate on the women, watching them bathe in their cum and lick it off the other.

The women were soon in a 69 position, with Starlight on top and Starbright bottom. Thomas and Shawn fucked their respected women with fury and pride.

"This is fucking awesome! Shawn shouted.

"It sure is!" Thomas agreed, high fiving his brother.

"Have you two really never done this before?" Starlight moaned as Thomas came into her.

"Nope," Shawn answered, "on Earth, we had to be 18."

"What a dumb law," Starbright spat, "primitive earthlings have no concepts of life's necessities."

As all four came, a buzzing came on the ship, and the lights started flashing.

"Looks like we have to stop" Starbright replied.

"Oh no, why?" Thomas asked sadly as Starlight warmly kissed him.

"Because we've arrived." Starbright replied.