 Once the ship landed, Thomas and Shawn apprehensively looked through the windows at the crowd forming. The strangest thing they noticed was that everyone was a woman, all insanely stacked as well.

Seeing their hesitation, Starlight extended both hands which they took and followed Starbright out the door, light filling their eyes. Immediately a loud sound of cheers and greetings yelled out as the aliens rushed to get a good look at them.

The two walked before a large platform where a beautiful woman, arrayed in jewels and an ornate blue robe walked up. Her golden boots went a little past her knee with the robe doing little to hide her gigantic Z-cup breasts.

"Greeting earthlings," She said in a warm voice, "I do hope your trip to our humble planet was comfortable."

"Yeah it was great!" Thomas shouted excitedly.

The woman smiled and gestured for them to approach. 

"My fellow Omnitronians!!" the woman called to all in attendance, "the promised ones!!"

The audience cheered as more women dressed in military uniforms hustled off Shawn and Thomas. As the walked down the wide and brightly decorated corridor, Thomas noticed a girl who seemed to be a teenager in the same robe.

Upon seeing him, she giggled and ran into her room.

Upon being assigned their rooms, the two were stripped of their clothing and given the same royal robes, bearing a seal resembling an Eagle which connected the robe just under their necks, leaving the rest of their bodies exposed. The only difference was it had 4 heads and was holding the sun.

Many servants waited on them hand and foot, anxiously constantly asking if they wished to be washed.

"This seems like a good place," Thomas told Shawn after they had eaten, "everyone loves us."

"Sure is a hell of a lot better than being home," Shawn replied to which Thomas shook his head, making them both laugh.

"She sure has been staring at you a lot," Shawn said, gesturing subtly to the girl Thomas had seen earlier.

Thomas turned slightly to see her gaze still fixed eagerly upon him. 

"You should go talk to her," his brother prodded.

"Can't you come with me?" Thomas asked nervously.

"I would," Shawn replied as he opened his door, revealing two naked servants on his large bed, both naked and lightly playing with one another, "but I have more pressing matters to attend to."

As the door closed, Thomas felt a warm hand beginning to stroke him. He turned to see the girl marveling over his swollen balls. "Does that hurt?" she asked in a quiet voice.

"No, not really," Thomas answered, beginning to fondle and squeeze her huge breasts. Soon they were in her bedroom, kissing passionately as Thomas felt her tongues meshing with his own.

He watched in awe as she got on her knees and began to suck. Her tongues then wrapped around his cock to the base as her green eyes sparkled at the taste.

After a few moments, she turned her back to him and got on all fours. "Stick it in me." 

Thomas immediately complied to which the princess screamed. It definitely was more constricted than Starlight's but felt just as good. "Oh great Orcs give me strength!" she cried out as Thomas pounded her alien ass furiously.

He was amazed as she turned a series of colors, her cries alternating in various pitches. Her boobs bounced madly as he picked up speed and heard her scream as she came.

The door suddenly burst open and the busty lead guard shouted, "What's going on?!"

They then saw Thomas still inside of her shaking form, getting harder as he took in their exposed boobs. They nodded understandably while trying to get a good look at his engorged member.

After they left, the princess tackled him, immediately mounting his cock. They both cried out as Thomas tweaked and pinched her hard nipples, letting the warm flesh more than fill his hands.

"God!" Thomas cried as he came and the princess began to ride harder, burying his ever growing cock even further within her. 

"Great orcs! That was great!" she said as they lay beside one another, kissing as her pussy closed as well.

"What's your name?" Thomas asked as she stroked his prick.

"Osira," she replied, "what's yours?"

"Thomas."

She giggled as she sounded it out. "Well T-Thomas," She said as she pushed her huge tits against him, "would you like to sleep here tonight?"