 This is a continuation of a story series Planet of bimbos by author marshalmarmont1815 and is being published with his consent and approval. I thank him for letting me take this series forward. Hope you guys enjoy it.

 **********

 (Shawn's side)

While Thomas was busy fucking the princess, Shawn went back to his own chambers to 2 very well endowed women naked in his bed.

Earlier that day he had called all of his attendants for inspection and selected two women Olga and Oma.

Olga and Oma were not as busty as Starbright but sexy in their own way, Olga was at least 6 feet tall with dd breasts with baby pink nipples and an ass as big as two melons while Oma had f cup breasts with light brown nipples but a smaller ass. Both the women were just wearing very short aprons signifying their servitude to him.

*********

Shawn asked them to be ready for him as he went to have dinner.

The dinner as it turned out was surprisingly human for an alien planet and the brothers saw many dishes they would see on the dinner table of a well to do american family.

 **********

 As Shawn entered the chambers again he saw both of them lying naked on his bed eating each other's pussies in a 69 position. 

Upon seeing him both of them came and knelt before him in respect licking each of his feet.

Turned on by their submissive antics Shawn dropped his robe and instinctively the two women started licking his dick together. 

He rose up Olga and gave her a hearty kiss while Oma worked his dick.

"Are you both ready for your master's cock?" he asked.

"Dying for it. " the women replied in unison.

Shawn then threw Olga on the bed and started eating her out While she ate Oma at the same time and soon the two women orgasmed with the licking they had received.

Completely turned on by the foreplay Shawn entered Olga's pocket like pussy as he drank the sweet nectar leaking from Oma's tits. 

He started moving moving his dick very very slowly inside Olga and he was surprised by her exquisite tightness for such a busty woman. Shawn knew he would not be able to last very long in this tight love hole.

Shawn slowly increased his pace as Olga's moans got louder with each passing thrust and soon she was shouting with ecstasy as she changed colours rapidly.

After a vigorous round of fucking Olga squealed "I'm going to cum master."

Hearing this he increased his pace and after 10 more powerful thrusts Olga shouted his name as she experienced multiple orgasms hit her at once. 

All this while Shawn kept drinking milk From Oma's tits, feeling more energy pass through him with every gulp. He then fucked Olga in cowgirl style as Oma lay on one side completely forgotten by the two of them.

Shawn finally came close to cumming as Olga entered her second round of multiple orgasms and they both came at the same time shouting each others name. 

Shawn pulled out of Olga as he saw her pussy seal and her stomach grow to the point that it hid her dd tits.

When the feeling of elation finally wore out he realized Oma was nowhere to be seen and he heard sobs coming from behind the bed.

Shocked Shawn got down from the bed where Olga still lay recovering from her multiple Orgasms.

He saw Oma silently crying in the corner, she had turned a deep red from apparent embarrassment.

Stunned Shawn asked very kindly "Have I offended you in any way dear?"

"It's not you master, its me I think I'm so bad that you didn't even look at me once the whole while, I think I have no right to be in your chambers." Oma managed to say Between sobs.

Shawn very kindly rose up Oma and said "You are every bit worthy of having me and it was my fault that I did not give you the attention you deserve."

Overwhelmed by his kindness Oma hugged him and said "Does this mean that I am your little slut who has the right to be fucked by you in every way possible."

"Yes, you both are my bitches and I'm gonna pound you whole night long" he replied and he kissed Oma deeply and enjoyed the sensation of her 3 tongues playing with his one as he fingered her pussy making her shudder. 

He took Oma to bed and entered her as he took Olga's leaking tits into his mouth savoring the caramel like flavor of her milk. 

"Do you like it you bitch?" he asked Oma as he fucked her doggy style.

A yes was all she could manage between her sobs of pleasure. 

After at least 15 minutes of vigorous pounding of Oma's cunt his eyes went on to a long stick kept on the bed beside him.

Completely oblivious to what it was he took it and thrust it into Olga's ass as it automatically turned on and began to vibrate making her squirm in pleasure. Olga now busy with the vibrator he turned his full attention to Oma.

He picked Oma as he took her to the wall and started pounding her again as she leaned against the wall as Oma's moans turned into screams of pleasure he increased the pace of his pounding.

Realizing that both of them were close to an orgasm, Shawn pulled out suddenly leaving Oma horrified and on the verge of tears again.But he smiled and turned her around, holding her in his arms he started pounding her again as she wrapped her legs around him tears now turned into moans, and Shawn took her to the bed. 

Pulling out had cooled both of them a bit and delayed the orgasm.

Shawn carried Oman to the bed still pounding her furiously.

As he reached the bed he pounded Oma in missionary style next to Olga still lying with the vibrator up her ass shaking with the effects of a very powerful orgasm on it's way.

After another few minutes of being fucked in this manner Oma shrieked "I'm gonna cum." as Shawn picked her up into his arms again , kissing her full on the lips , the kiss was magical as Shawn , Oma and Olga came at the same time bodies shaking with as powerful orgasms hit them.

The orgasm was so powerful that Shawn fell onto the bed with Oma under him still kissing each other.

After a few seconds Shawn felt himself rising as Oma's belly started to swell. 

He got down and looked in awe as her belly swelled even more than Olga's. Shocked the three of them realized that he must have fermented at least 20 of Oma's eggs.

Tired by their coupling the three of them collapsed into the bed snuggling with Shawn lying between the to women and they slept with a smile over their faces.

*********

The next morning Shawn was woken up by Olga and Oma so they could wash off last night's sex from his body. 

This morning both of them were wearing red robes that covered their engorged bellies. 

As Shawn lay inside the pool sized bathtub both of them came into the bathing chambers stark naked telling him they were here to wash him.

Olga sat behind Shawn as he rested his head on her engorged belly while Oma knelt near his feet massaging them as Olga massaged his head with scented oils making his head feel lighter.. 

Slowly moving upwards from his legs Oma massaged his thighs as Olga started massaging his shoulders, moving upwards Oma finally reached his dick and proceeded to give him a blow job as Olga caressed his body, the dual stimulation was too much for him and Shawn violently came inside Oma's mouth within a few minutes.

"Both of you, lean against the edge of the bath." Shawn ordered them as he put his fingers into both their asses and then took turns ass fucking them.

Their asses felt nice and he felt his balls churn, knowing he was close he pulled out and sprayed his cum all over Olga and Oma's tits after which they proceeded to lick each other clean. Again and again...

Completely spent the three of them remained in the pool for a long time cuddling and kissing each other.