 The Twenty-four-year-old Dr. Araya Quizaria sat anxiously beside her mother waiting for the signal to move to the vehicles. Her mother was former Commodore Drexlia Quizaria, the most infamous prisoner interrogator of the Altonesian legions when the war on earth first began. She was well known for her the harsh torture and treatment of earth human prisoners during the war. After the war she and a handful of other Altonesian legion officers that were never pardoned, were forced to go into hiding. 

The Altonesians had been a dying species of beings from a different galaxy. Years before the invasion of earth, their planet had suffered a mysterious virus, which had been deliberately unleashed on them. It acted much like the human flu virus did on humans. Except this virus only effected the respiratory system of just the males of their planet. The virus effects caused horrible and agonizing deaths, by suffocation. It had spread like wildfire wiping out the entire male population in less than a year in Earth time. 

The Altonesians were very much identical to earth human beings in their biological make up. They were highly intelligent beings. Their features, and anatomy, body systems all worked the same. Their exception was that the entire race all had dark jet-black shining hair that contrasted with their very light pale skin and bright almost neon blue almond shaped eyes.

The roles of dominate and submissive played a very important role in Altonesian life and culture. Altonesian females of their species were considered the alpha or the dominate of the species in their culture. The purpose of the male was to essentially to be the submissive or what they termed, "the house pet". Used for providing the seed for the giving of offspring. On her 18th birthday the female could choose her pet from among the eligible slave males. Pleasure in sex was never considered a requirement especially for the male of the species. His priority was only to provide the seed for life. If possible, he was to provide it on demand by the female or as quickly as possible in order to return to the performance of his duties, which were to earn financial credits(money) for their family either by working or soldiers in the Altonesian legion. Those males who were found to be sterile, to old, or too sick to be considered a reliable submissive were branded and sent to work camps or trained as foot soldiers for the legion. The others, the ones that were considered too uncontrollable or even worse a danger to the beliefs of their culture were simply sentenced to execution. 

During the period, in which the Altonesians were going through the dreadful virus, Another Humanoid species known has the Ice Pirates had also began an invasion of the Altonesian planet. These tall, olive green skinned Ice Pirates, both male and female, with human like bodies, cat like facial features with yellow eyes; were vicious fighters set on nothing more than utter conquest of any and all other known species of life.

The much taller and stronger Ice Pirates attacked the Altonesian planet by the droves. The Altonesians later found out that these Ice Pirates, or IP's has they were called, were also responsible for planting the deadly virus. It had been done in the hope that the Pirates could invade, rape plunder and pillage the planet at will.

Between the virus and an all out inner planetary war with the IP's, the Altonesian population was depleted at an alarming rate. Desperately the Altonesian women searched the galaxies for a similar planet that would be able to sustain them. Within days they found one. It was a small planet in a nearby galaxy. The Plant, X810. The planet known to all of us as Earth. It had a similar atmosphere, climate, even the surface terrain was similar.

The problem was it already had a population. The original hope was to see if the male humans would peacefully agree on terms of becoming pets for the purpose of breeding. After further investigation, it was uncovered that the female population of Earth would not be willing to give up their male companionship so easily. Plus, the fact that the males of the species were the alphas of the planet. This was direct contrast to the Altonesian way of life. It was also a role Earth man had no desire to surrender without a fight.

Altonesians would not agree to any form of submission. Furthermore, terms of equality to any male of any culture would not be something they were willing to except either. They would rather go to war, and so they did. It was immediately decided to launch an all-out attack on the planet and enslave its male population as pets for mating purposes.

Over two million Altonesian highly skilled, female troops invaded. Each landing party had been taught to speak the native language of the countries that they were to land in and take control over. 

The first targets were the nuclear weapons facilities of the major countries as well as military and air bases, even before the first warships landed. This was to destabilize any response. Next came disabling any means of long or short-range communication. This purpose was to isolate each country and eventually the entire continent before any defense could be organized on a global level. Next came infrastructure collapse. Railway systems, electric and water plants, police national guard, and medical facilities were taken over. This parallelized any local organization and stability of the invaded country. Then finally, the unleashing of the two and a half million well armed ground troops world wide. To go in and collect Prisoners to be taken in the hundreds of thousands in numbers, throughout all the countries. The only thing left were outnumbered but well-armed troops and civilian rebels that made up small bands of local resistance fighters. 

Although the initial attack had proven successful for the Altonesians and they found themselves controlling large areas, it had come at great loss of life, to them and to the people of earth, the men especially. All this in less than a year after learning the Altonesians own planet had been complete overtaken by the Ice Pirates. With this news and the fact that they were losing most of the remaining Altonesian women along with most of earths male inhabitants in a war they could not win on Earth as well, The Altonesians agreed to meet at the negotiation table.

The two sides sat down together and created the Earth - Altonesian Peace Alliance Treaty.

Full unconditional pardons for all Altonesian female soldiers were granted if they agreed to accept all Humans has equals and unite with earth military forces to become the Earth Alliance Forces. Those who didn't would be put in prison camps.

Altonesians could establish their own lands and governing bodies, however there would be no ownership of Human or Altonesians as slaves or pets, unless it was by mutual agreement of both parties, and a written contract signed by both be in place with the governing courts. This was to accommodate the Altonesian female culture. The final condition agreed upon was a joint group war criminals court to be formed. Victims and witnesses were interviewed, and a list of war criminals was posted. A reward posted for turning in of each person on the list, alive to face charges in a public court was created. At the top of that list were the names of Commodore Drexlia Quizaria and her daughter Araya Quizaria. Both were worth two million credits each. 

It was present day now. Araya awoke with her hands cuffed together and raised above her head. Her eyes covered by a blindfold of some sort. A fabric dark, soft. Tied at the back of her head in the form of an uncomfortable knot at the base between her skull and neck. She sensed the soft presence and felt the heat of a single spot light that showed down on her from the front. It hung just above her head slightly out of reach of her hands. She hung there completely naked. "How did I get here?" She thought to herself. She was still trying to clear the cobwebs from her brain. "How long have I been here?" She wondered.

She could hear the clacking of the metal from the cuffs as she twisted her wrists, but she could feel the softness of the fur lining on the inside against her skin. She tried to move her legs, but they too were locked in place as well. Connected to what ever she was sitting in. It was a chair. She moved from side to side. As she did, she felt her lower ribs rub against a hard-unmoving surface. "Arm rests," she thought to herself. The chair had arm rests to it. She tried to remember how she had gotten in this situation. "By the Gods" she thought. She prayed that she was not in the hands of the. "Think damn it," she whispered to herself. 

The last thing she remembered was that she and her mother had just walked from the safe house that they were staying in. They were on the move again to a new safe house. Every two weeks, they had moved from one established place to another. Always trying to stay ahead of the authorities looking for them. "War criminals", she thought to herself. Her mother had done this to her. Because of it they would always be on the run, with over two million credits each on their head. She despised every moment with the woman now but to go it alone meant capture for sure. So, for now she accepted her situation.

Just a few nights ago, a messenger had showed up at their door, talking with her mother. Araya had pretended to be asleep. But she had been able to hear part of the conversation.

"It's a bounty hunter. He's been asking questions about you and her," she said nodding her head to where Araya laid in the corner. "A dark-skinned human with an eye patch. He's been seen in the area getting supplies," the Altonesian messenger continued saying to her mother.

"Were you able to find out his name?" Drexlia asked the woman.

"He would not give one when asked My lead," she answered.

"Thank you, "her mother had said. Drexlia took what look like a tiny flashlight and ran the light across a plastic card the woman had in her hand.

The woman looked at the readout on the card then back at her mother and bowed deeply to her. "Thank you, my lead, you a very generous," she said then turned and hurriedly left.

Drexlia turned to her bodyguard, her face filled with a fear that she had never seen in her mother before. "We must leave first thing tomorrow. Make arrangements, "she instructed her. 

The woman stood up and left through the back a moment later.

After the bodyguard left her mother turn and gazed at Araya. She still pretended to be asleep. Without saying anything Drexlia turned and slowly walked to the other room.

Araya remembered a similar human several years ago during the war. His name was Dupree. She was a young Altonesian just reaching the status of womanhood in their culture at the time. She had grown an attraction to this human. She had made the mistake of showing her fondness for this human male in front of her mother only once. Her mother had made her pay for that. Even worse She had made the human pay dearly for it. The bond between Araya and her mother had never been the same after that. But it was impossible for this man to be him. Her mother had told her that he was dead.

Early the next morning they sat by the door of the front room and waited for the signal from the bodyguard to move. The body guard opened the front door. He waved for them both to follow and they all were quickly hustled out of the house and into the vehicles. They were on their way out of the city. This time they would be heading to a large farm house in an area that was once the lush dairy farms of Wisconsin a little over two hours' drive west. Araya remembered being in the center air skimmer Humvee unit, of a three-vehicle convoy. She remembered that they had been heading west and were just about to cross an old wooden Trussell bridge just outside of the city, when the lead Humvee exploded blocking access to the bridge. Seconds later the rear Humvee exploded into a fireball. Then the loud blast under theirs. The blast sent the vehicle flipping forward. Then coming to a crash landing and sliding another twenty feet before tipping to its side. The driver and her bodyguard, both Altonesians were out immediately, weapons drawn. 

The body guard looked over her shoulder at Araya and her mother. "Commodore are you...," were the last words that she spoke before a shot entered the woman's right temple and exiting the left side of her face and head with a disintegrated mass of blood, bone and brain matter spray, that covered the Commodore's face indicating a thru and thru shot to the guards skull. She froze in shock momentarily then the Commodore became an immediate trembling screaming blood covered maniac. She tried to release her seat belt. It wouldn't unlock. It was jammed. Instead she reached forward Araya's seatbelt, trying her best to help Araya out of hers. All Araya could do was stare in shear horror at the scene before her. She had no time to react before a second shot caught the driver in her throat slamming her backward into the partial broken side window. Then a third shot to the center of the driver's forehead. The force blowing a bloody hole the size of a grapefruit to the back of her head and out the other side class in the opposite side of the vehicle. The woman slid down the door leaving a wide blood streak as she descended. 

Araya just turned back to her mother and stared in shock. The woman began to openly weep. Araya had never seen her mother do that before. The woman gave up trying to release Araya from her harness. She sat simply sat back in her seat, Tear still flowing from her bright blue eyes. "Araya remember that I always love you child," she said to her daughter reaching out and taking Araya's hand. "I'm so sorry I did this to us. Don't forget that I will always love..., "her sentence was cut off in mid word by one more shot. This one silencing the woman seated across from Araya forever. A shot right between her mother's eyes send splatter throughout the cab of the vehicle. 

Araya peed herself at the sight. She began panting heavily. Her hands shook now so bad she could barely control them. Her entire body trembled. Tears began to run from her eyes as she finally gave up on the seat belt herself. She resigned herself that the next bullet heard would be meant for her. She was about to die. She waited. And waited. Nothing. 

She heard a motor outside. She looked out of what was left of the blood soak left side door window. She caught sight of a four-wheeler barreling over the grass lands towards her. The driver of the four-wheeler was covered in a black pair of coveralls. Gloves and a helmet with a blacked-out face shield. He had a high-powered sniper's rifle with scope strapped on his back. He pulled up beside the vehicle. Shut off the four-wheeler, then pulled a Smith & Wesson 9mm out of his holster strapped to his right leg.

He sat there quietly for a moment as if waiting for anymore movement. He stared directly at Araya. He knew she was alive. Why had he not shot her? Araya's shoulders shook uncontrollably as she stared back at the man, crying uncontrollably. 

He slowly stood up off the vehicle, put his weapon away and walked over to the door latch, took it in both of his hand and yanked hard. It came loose sending a shower of glass to the ground. The figure then crouched at the inside of the door and stared at her through his visor. He didn't speak. 

Araya tried to collect herself. "Please. I have money. Is that what you want?" She asked the man. "I can get you more than two million," she added. "More than four even."

He reached into his left hip pocket and pulled a small bottle from it. He unscrewed the top carefully, trying to keep the bottle and its contents as far from himself as possible. Then he produced a cloth from another pocket and poured the liquid over the rag. 

"Please, I can make you a very rich human. Please don't hurt me. Don't do this," Araya begged again. 

The man stepped forward and put the cloth to her mouth and nose. She remembered inhaling a cold, sweet, very strange aroma then nothing. 

Now as she hung there regaining her memory of what happened, she began trying to jerk on the cuffs once more. Nothing. She tried calmly to listen to her surroundings. She tried to slow her breathing. She listened intently for several minutes. She heard nothing. No movement no other breathing. No humming of any electronics. Araya was alone. 

"Hello," she shouted, hearing it only echo around her. 

It was greeted by only more silence.

But she now knew it was a large room that she was in.

"Is there anyone here?" Araya asked aloud.

Suddenly she heard a metal lock sliding.

"She gasped aloud at the sound. Her heart almost leaping out of her chest. Then the eerie sound of the opening of metal hinges on a heavy metal door in bad need of oil. The feeling of a slight breeze came from the direction of the sound engulfing her. The cool breeze combined with the already cold air in the room made her shiver slightly. Moments later the door slammed closed loudly. The sound of the metal slide hit its mark again, securing whomever it was that entered inside with her. Next came the sound of footsteps slowly making their way towards her. Araya tried not to panic. She was scared and nervous. She wanted badly to feel only anger and hate towards her captor. After all they had taken her mother's life right in front of her. The footsteps came to a stop. Then came the sound of the strain of a chair under someone's weight, as they sat down near her. 

"Who are you?" Araya asked her unknown captor. "You're the bounty hunter, aren't you?"

She was met again with only silence, no movement, she couldn't even hear his breathing. Whoever they were, they seemed calm, knew that he was in control. She sensed that he even thought that he had familiarity with her.

"You realize, others will be looking for us by now," she tried bluffing.

Again, only silence. Araya began to perspire even though the room was cold. She felt her heartbeat increase. Her face flushed in anger.

"Are you just going to sit there?" she shouted again, the mounting frustration showing in her voice. 

Suddenly she heard movement once more. It was slight, but it was movement. Then the quick metallic sound of something then two sudden clicks. A hint of light, then silence once more. 

Seconds later smoke began to filter her way. A robust aroma of a sweet fruity tobacco scent with a hint of spice. "A cigar," she thought to herself. Her captor just sat there smoking a cigar as if taking in a nightclub show. The fruity smell made her tummy growl. She realized that it had been a while since she had eaten. But she refused to ask for anything. That would be one of the first signs of fear. First signs of breaking. Her mother was a master at this game. She had taught her things to look for. She wanted to show her captor that she would not scare that easily. She would try her best not to allow him the pleasure of seeing her broken. If he was the human bounty hunter the messenger spoke of, then she would remain strong and defiant until the end. A true proud alpha Altonesian female.

Once he finished his cigar, she sensed him moving again. He was coming closer to her. Then rustling clothes as the man began to remove them. She would not show him emotion. She thought. "I will give you no pleasure if that's what you seek," she said to him aloud.

Then she heard the purring sound of an electric motor of some kind. Her hands were being slowly drawn upward. As her hands were being lifted, she was also lifted off where she was sitting. The move caught her completely by surprise. She heard the man moving up the platform to stand next to her. She felt his presence as he stood directly in front of her. Her heart pumping rapidly, her breathing came in short quick bursts. He was so close to her now, she smelled his scent. It was the scent of coconut oil and shea butter, combined with his musky male sweat. He moved his face closer to hers. He was at least six inches tall than she, so he had to lean down to her. His heat radiated against her face. Despite her anger for her captor, his scent had an almost calming effect on her. She managed to gain some control over her breathing again. She wanted to smile at him. Her way of letting him know that she didn't fear him as much as he had hoped she would. She thought that he had expected her to be a blubbering shaking idiot like most earth females would have been in her situation. He moved to her left side now. She heard something click. The man's bare right foot slid in between hers. Her breath caught slightly as she felt the warmth of his skin against her bare thigh. He pushed his naked leg in between her legs. Sliding his knee up to her crotch and sliding the panel that her left foot was locked to, he began sliding her further to her left spreading her legs apart. Then she felt him shift once more, pressing his entire naked body against hers.
