 From the misty recesses of Maria's mind, the need slowly crept into her conscience. In moments of quiet, the growing desire soon occupied more and more of her thoughts.

Memories of his face, his scent, and his heat, now intruded so strongly that they were almost tangible. Her dry mouth and pounding heart, physically underscored the tingle of lust that was building between her legs.

Maria remembered how she had feared him the first time; how he had entered her mind and then how he had entered her body. It did not seem natural.

She did not have a name for him but simply a concept of whom and what he might be. She could not speak to anyone about him or what had been happening to her. She knew that they would never believe her story.

Devil, angel, or incubus, it was a mystery that she never did solve, and in the end she did not care, because she liked how he made her feel. The pleasure of sex is its own reward and will always override any taboo that mankind tries to put in place to subdue it.

He had been coming each month with the full moon. So she watched, and waited as the moon grew stronger with each passing night. She knew that his return was close at hand and now her fear had changed to longing. She made a silent prayer thanking God that nightfall was very near.

As eventide pulled the curtain of darkness over her chambers, she laid awake in her bed, the room illuminated only by the candles placed on the nightstand and dresser.

Maria's hands followed the curve of her hips, moving around her narrow waist, and then across her flat stomach. Slowly she caressed her way up the center of her body until a breast filled each hand. Her fingers closed softly over her nipples. Gently, she rolled and pulled each bud, feeling them expand and tighten. When they were fully erect, she clamped down tightly and roughly stretched both breasts toward the ceiling. A pleasant turmoil ran through her. It hurt, but it was a good hurt that radiated from her nipples, through her core, and terminated in her clitoris.

Maria dropped one breast and slid a hand down the length of her body into the patch of dark hair at her crotch. Her fingers parted her pussy lips, finding the drops of nectar that had gathered there. She closed her eyes as she brought her hand back to her mouth and immersed herself in the taste and scent of her own sexuality. Once she had licked her fingers clean, she returned her hand to her crotch, where slowly and steadily, she used her fingers to lightly strum her clit. She kept the pleasure coursing through her body like a song that only she could hear.

When a shiver ran up her spine and goose bumps raised the hairs at the nape of her neck, she would stop and wait, never quite letting the orgasm crest. She took these moments to sip her wine, letting the sexual tension regress. After she had relaxed, her wet fingers would once again begin gliding across her clit, feeling it swell and raising her passion to just below the boiling point. Time and again she repeated this ritual, staying immersed in self-pleasure until the wine had drawn her eyes closed and she drifted into a deep slumber.

Just before sunrise, in the darkest part of the night, Maria struggled for consciousness. In that place between awake and asleep where reality meets dream, she looked into the darkness straining to see the willowy wisp of luminescent fog that she knew was her lover.

The temperature had risen since she had fallen asleep. The room now felt damp, warm and close. Her hair clung to her face and sweat trickled down her cleavage. She tossed her covers aside, unbuttoned her gown, and slipped herself out of it. She laid back on the bed and in a sign of submission splayed her arms straight out, as if on a cross, palms up, offering herself as a gift to him. She waited with desire, her sex laid bare, slick and wet.

The candles flicker sharply and the curtains lifted as a blast of air followed around the walls. It was as if a door had opened and yet the door remained closed. The source seemed to emanate from under her bed. Suddenly, she felt a subtle pressure against her shoulder blades and buttocks. It felt like she was back to back with another person. The pressure increased, lifting her slightly from the mattress. A feeling ran through her that reminded her of a cool spring of water seeking an outlet from the earth. Then as if a soap bubble had burst, the thing that was lifting her, was no more, and she fell back into the mattress.

Her breath caught in her throat. He was here.

"Achoo!" She sneezed as her body involuntarily tried to dispel what had just entered her.

Maria relaxed, embracing the feeling of her spirit lover as they momentarily shared the same body. She saw him nowhere, yet felt him everywhere. For a moment she felt as if she existed outside of time and was part of a universal mind. A stirring deep in her lower abdomen and then a twinge of pain that involuntarily caused a sharp contraction in her womb brought her focus back to her body. She had never known this pain before and it dissipated into a dull ache.

What Maria did not know was that this time her lover was determined that he would not leave her estrus to chance. He had harvested twelve eggs from her ovaries and guided them to the wall of her uterus.

Once the eggs were in place, he resumed his upward journey and passed through the front of her body. Although she could not see him directly, the return of her normal state of consciousness told her that he was no longer inside of her.

He now hovered over her, face to face. She focused her eyes beyond and to the side trying to discern his shape by using her peripheral vision. She had learned that occasionally she could glimpse his essence with this technique. Like foxfire in the deep woods on a moonless night, she saw transient patches of phosphor that would run from her vision whenever she tried to focus on them.

Maria's body knew what it liked, and now it hungered for the pleasures that this spirit offered. She wanted to wrap her arms around him but knew that they would only find air. So she lay there, unmoving, in anxious anticipation. He would claim his treasure and yes, she wanted to be claimed.

His ethereal lips brushed hers and she felt his hot breath play across her body like a warm ocean breeze. His invisible tongue swirled around each nipple leaving them moist, chilled and erect. In a welcoming gesture, she pulled her feet up, bending her knees and letting her legs fall open. His ghostly form momentarily lost shape and then reorganized itself, his head now between her legs. The elixir at her crotch is what he craved.

Maria held her eyes closed and with the pineal eye in the center of her mind, she "dreamed" that she could see him hovering over her in a sixty-nine position. She held her mouth open as if to take his phantom phallus deep into her throat.

His large mouth came to rest, completely covering her pussy so that not a drop would be wasted. He began to suck gently, pulling her moisture into his being. All the while, he kept his ghostly tongue running languidly along her clit. To her, it seemed an eternity and to him time was an unknown concept. She tensed and moaned out as he slowly coaxed the first orgasm from her body. Her orgasmic energy was the ethereal nucleus that he needed to transcend into this world; her lusty fluids the physical nucleus needed to build his physical body.

He swallowed all that she offered, her body nourishing him like a liquid manna. The alchemy was complete and he began his transmigration in the physical world. His ghostly form began to spin like a funnel cloud tearing the flames from the candle wicks and pulling the curtains from the walls. The moonlight now streamed through the window and an eerie purple corona radiated from every pointed object in the room. Maria clung to the bed to keep from being tossed aside.

The maelstrom spun his elemental essence and his spirit essence into hundreds of threads. The rubbery threads extended from the outer edge of the spinning cloud to the center of the room just over Maria's bed. Maria watched in awe as they were woven around the liquid that her body had provided. Bone, muscle and flesh wrapped themselves on, layer by layer, until finally his outline appeared as a silhouette against the backdrop of the moonlight.

The wind subsided and she felt his weight begin to crush into the mattress. His knees appeared along each side of her head and his enormous glistening cock and testicles hung directly over her face. She looked down between their bodies, seeing the underside of his chin as it disappeared behind the curve of her belly. His now physical tongue was as rough as a cat's and she squirmed as it made its last few passes over her tender clitoris. 

He was still straddling her head with his muscular thighs when he slowly rose up on his knees and licked his lips. Her gazed moved from his cock, around his tight ripped ass and focused on the muscles in his back as they contracted in and out, working for his first breath. He threw his long black hair back and a loud gasp filled the air. The transition was complete; he had manifested in the present.

He stepped from the bed, wobbling on new legs, and stood there a bit slumped over. He turned and gazed at her body, slowly taking in her beauty and thinking about why he was there. With determination, he pulled his shoulders back and straightened up to his full eight-foot height, his huge cock hanging between his legs like a semi-erect baseball bat.

Once he had his bearings, he bent forward sniffing the liquid on her bedclothes that remained from her self-play earlier in the evening. He reached between her legs and roughly extracted a handful of her pussy juice and massaged it into the head of his cock. The lusty look on his exotically handsome face showed how he reveled in the feelings of this new body. His cock was now at full turgor and pointing skyward.

He bent down and gently picked her up like a rag doll, one huge hand under each of her arms. He positioned her over his fount of being which was already oozing precum. He held her there momentarily her pussy lips parted by the huge slippery cock head.

Maria knew what to expect and yearned for the exquisite pain. His deep green eyes locked with hers. She felt like a skydiver at the door of the plane, knowing the danger, wanting the rush. She wrapped her arms loosely around his neck and dropped her face into his chest. Unceremoniously, he relaxed his grip and let her weight carry them into union. She heard her own voice fill the air, yet it seemed a distant cry. The world at that moment revolved around the pole that now filled her body and was stretching her cunt past the breaking point. Her breath came in gasps as she clung to his neck trying to support herself.

He moved his hands to her waist and using her body like a full-sized masturbation toy, he carefully began stroking her up and down the full length of his cock. Her moans tumble from her lips as each stroke multiplied the vibrations in her core a hundred fold. Her toes curled and her whole body tensed as the orgasm began flooding her every fiber. A thousand points of light clouded her vision as she was consumed by an other-worldly electric.

Maria's legs grasped his torso and now it was she who was in motion, like a jockey, spurring her steed to the finish line. The waves of pleasure crashed over her like a tsunami washing away the old and preparing the way for the new.

When she came to rest, she opened her eyes. He had stopped all movement and now simply supported her, still impaled on his pole, one large hand cupped under each ass cheek. He was giving her recovery time for what was to come. Her half-open eyes saw the saliva that she had unknowingly drooled onto her own breasts and also onto his chest. She buried her face in his chest hair, retrieving her saliva and losing herself in the act of licking the salty sweat from his flesh.

A shiver ran through him that also entrained her. She felt his already stiff cock surge with new life. It expanded inside of her, locking them together. This time he took his pleasures without regard for her needs. His merciless thrusts came deep and strong, intended for only one thing, to plant his seed. He looked skyward, and from his soul, a roar of primal passion filled the room.

Maria's breathing was hard and ragged; her raspy voice was raised in unison with his roars. She was pleading: pleading for the fucking to never stop!

He was beyond thought and instinctively pounded away at Maria's womanhood. His semen rumbled up from his core as jet after jet of cum blasted past her cervix. The bliss of creation flowed like a river of pleasure, and that river was now running down her legs.

As his assault on her body slowed, she was overcome by hyperventilation. She felt her vision narrow to a tunnel and a buzzing sound played through her ears. The earthy smell of semen hung in the air and filled her mind as vertigo swirled her head and she passed back into the land of dreams.

He had accomplished his goal, and in the process, expended most of his strength in this carefully planned conception. He momentarily faltered, and staggered like he had been stunned by a well placed boxing glove. He struggled trying not to drop her as she lay limp and sweat-soaked, slumped against his chest.

He caught himself and straightened up for the final time. A melancholy smile crossed his face as his last breath hissed out. He raised her from his spent cock and laid her on the bed. His knees collapsed under his own weight and when he fell forward, his head came to rest on her inner thigh. His final earthly vision was of her gapping hole, still dripping his seed.

His physical body, now spent and useless, was discarded like old clothing. The morning sunlight revealed to Maria that nothing remained of her lover except a small mound of very rich graveyard dirt scattered across her leg, bed and floor.

************************************************

Epilogue

Maria's lover belongs to an evolutionary wave known as the Elders. They manifest consciousness without a physical body. They exist on the next higher plane, viewing the past, present, and future as one, so for them time is meaningless. They are always here among us yet invisible to us. The Elders know that mankind is on "the path." It is the same spiral path that they had traveled thousands of reincarnations ago.

Mankind is currently immersed in the sciences and learning to manipulate the material world. The Elders instead rely on the fact that space and matter are inextricably linked. Space is always curved by matter. Using the inverse, the Elders simply curve space to the shape that they want and the matter that they seek must manifest.

The Elders know that once mankind has mastered the material world, we too will transcend to their plane, and they too will move on to the next higher plane.

They watch over us like a father who provides gentle assistance to his young children. Their method of benevolent guidance is to infuse one human with a pathway to their cosmic consciousness.

The fetus now growing in Maria's womb will have that pathway. His mind will be wired in a way that allows him to bridge the two worlds. He will be a conduit for change, allowing new spiritual and scientific knowledge to cross over into in our plane and will pave the way for a better future. In accordance with the Hermetic Laws, sexual union is the only way to cross the desired genomes.

Mankind has always recognized these Hybrids as special. In the past they were given names like, the Christ, the Buddha, Gandhi, and the Dali Lama. They were planted around the world to change it for the better.

Humans must have a physical body to manifest consciousness, yet it is the body that traps us in the present and forces us to walk a timeline from birth until death. The Elder knew that he was condemning his unborn son to a mortal existence but it was only for one lifetime. He also had the vision to see that the future of many young souls could be improved with His timely intervention. So he planted the seed of change in Maria's womb.

Like a drop of water landing on a placid pool, the message that Maria's newborn son carries will ripple through our present generation raising our individual and collective conscience. He will be a point of light leading mankind out of the darkness of ignorance and his message, like a new religion, will spread outward through the succeeding generations of mankind.