 All characters are 18 years old or older. Geography has never been my strong suit. I didn't earn the nickname of 'wrong way' decades ago for nothing. Part four had an itty-bitty error, somehow Massachusetts found its way north of New York, how annoying. For some reason I always pictured it like halfway between New York and Florida. Nope! That said... read, vote, and comment to your heart's desire. Welcome to part five of Play Testers Wanted!

Byzantium:

I sat between Natasha on my left and Steph on my right. I was doing a not so clandestine comparison of their breasts as we soaked in the hot tub. Natasha cupped her hands together and splashed water over her tits. Steph smiled and gestured at the water while muttering a few arcane syllables. The water elemental appeared in the form of a column of bubbling water.

"Rub my back, will you?" Steph purred.

"Yes Mistress," the elemental whispered his entire body vibrating.

Steph moved to the middle of the tub and Natasha joined her when I gestured. The Black Widow sat in Steph's lap and as I watched they kissed as the elemental moved behind the Sorceress Supreme. The column of water swam behind Steph and rubbed against her back.

'Borrow her elemental my beloved.' Anackire whispered in my thoughts.

'I don't know how.' I replied as Natasha's tongue slipped between Steph's lips. 

'It is easy if you know how.' My patron moaned. 'Do as I tell you and give the girls a little thrill.

I whispered the syllables as soft as I could and felt the elemental falter but then succumb to my will. Anackire praised my newfound skill. She told me what to do next and I failed to hide my mischievous smile. 

"He's up to something." Natasha purred.

"But what?" Steph asked as the elemental slithered into a new position. "Naughty elemental... what are you up to... UNNNNNN!!" 

"Ghost you evil little shit... UNNNNN god!" Natasha moaned as the elemental extended a second watery tentacle between her pussy lips. The first was already deep inside Steph.

"Let's see what it can do." I chuckled. "Come on my little pet and make them happy."

"Yes Master." It replied. "How do I feel Mistress?"

"UNNN... UNNNN... UNNNN!!" Steph moaned as she kissed Natasha more passionately.

"I love the show." I grinned. "Why don't you two stand up and let me get a better look?"

The two little exhibitionists got to their feet. Steph pulled Natasha into a blistering kiss as the water elemental worked them over. I could feel Anackire praise me as the elemental produced two more tentacles and worked them into the lovely ladies back doors. I sat and watched as the girl's clung tighter as they both got closer and closer to climaxing. 

"Almost there..." I said grinning. "Almost..."

They both cried out breaking that formidable kiss. I dismissed the elemental with my thanks. Steph spun and glared at me even though she was smiling at the same time.

"How the hell did you do that?" Steph asked. 

"What happened?" Natasha whimpered as she sat back in the water.

"Ghost managed to shanghai my water elemental. It was his idea to violate us like that." Steph pouted.

I ignored her and pulled the amulet I had gotten during my fight on the highway out of my inventory. I looked it over before handing it to the Sorceress Supreme. The nonagon, or nine-sided object, was made of a strange marbled multicolored metallic alloy. The three primary colors were gold, silver, and black. Only one side had markings on it, and they were alien to me, but I was hardly an expert. Steph looked it over and she was genuinely intrigued. The strange metal alone was enough to keep her attention for five full minutes.

"I didn't know this even existed." She declared her voice soft and full of wonder.

"What is it?" Natasha asked sipping from a bottle of cold water.

"Byzantium." Steph replied.

"You mean it was made in Byzantium." The Widow stated but the sorceress shook her head. "If not in Byzantium then what?"

"Of Byzantium." Steph corrected her gently. "Byzantium is a legendary blend of Asgardian Uru metal, Wakandan vibranium, and meteoric adamantium. It shouldn't exist but here it is. The swirling of red, gold, and black are a clear indicator. I am going to commune with it and scry its powers or functions."

"Be careful kitten," I warned her, and she smiled. Steph took the amulet into her hand and closed her eyes. A moment later she yelped in pain when a bright blue spark crackled along its surface. "What happened?" I queried as it plopped into the waters of the hot tub.

"Shit! That fucking hurt!" Steph cursed as she rubbed the webbing between thumb and forefinger. I fumbled around for a bit before retrieving it. "Be careful with that!" She urged. "It doesn't like me. Tell me what you know about it, please."

"Not much to say," I said as I thought back to the battle on the highway. "I don't know if the guy that possessed it was actually a sorcerer or just another mutant. I am assuming that Von Doom hired them to steal the shipment of vibranium. I can't be sure if the previous owner already had it or if Viktor gave it to him."

"Doom eh," Steph murmured with a frown on her face. "He is quite skilled in the mystic arts. If he had a hand in this, we should be cautious."

"I agree, I'll be... holy shit!" I cursed as I opened my hand. "Look!"

I held the talisman between thumb and forefinger. The water had transformed it. The metal was now translucent and many of the markings were gone and those that were visible had changed.

"I know those characters!" She gasped. "The runes belong to the Ia'kandri. I've only run into their writings once during my travels. It was a drying parallel world where the dominant life form were extremely gifted shapeshifters, the Ia'kandri. While they were extinct their literature and magic still survived. Let me take notes." She eagerly expounded as her index finger traced the runes into the air which hung there burning. 

"Do you think it is elemental in nature?" I asked and she agreed. "Fire it is." I told her as I held my hand holding the amulet above my head and wrapped it in flames. "Here!" I stated. "Jot it down." 

"Got it." The sorceress reported. "Next."

Black Widow watched intrigued as I went through all the elements I could manifest. In total I manifested nine such elements. The riddle to unlock the talisman's power was the order in which those primal forces were brought into existence. It took a while but through the process of elimination we puzzled out that sequence. The relic glowed, burned, crackled, and half a dozen other transformations until it resolved itself into a nine-sided ring. I caught it as it fell into my open palm.

"Wonderful light show!" Natasha squealed in delight.

"Indeed." Steph agreed.

"Speak her name and my power is yours." The ring uttered softly.

"Her name? Whose name?" The Widow inquired.

"It can only be the nine-fold goddess herself." The Sorceress Supreme declared.

"Anackire?!" I blurted out before I could stop myself.

The ring was no longer in the palm of my hand but firmly seated on my left ring finger. Steph narrowed her eyes at me and asked how I knew that name.

"Do you remember when I gave you the Book of the Vishanti and the Darkhold?" I reminded her and she nodded. "I worked out a little magic of my own."

"You summoned her?!" 

"I did indeed!" I exclaimed. 

"Well?" Steph asked her eyes fixed on me. "I've spoken with all manner of gods, demons, and powers that be, but no one has ever shared their experiences with the Weaver of Shadows. Tell me about Anackire."

"I can't." I replied gesturing powerlessly. "My pact is one of absolute silence."

"Can you tell me anything?" Steph pried and I chuckled.

"Thanks to the goddess I possess a profound understand of shadows. My knowledge of light and darkness are also quite robust." I tried to explain. "In my training with my second master he taught me the Art of the Nine Cuts. I think you'll agree that the two are interconnected."

"Do you know what the ring does?" Widow inquired.

"I think it would be most accurate to say that I know what it does for me." I stated and then continued. "What bothers me is what its function was for the man who died." 

Widow's keen mind grasped my concern and understood. While I sat and let the hot water steal away my stress, she informed me that Shuri was in possession of the stolen vibranium and that the nation of Wakanda was pleased with our actions.

"It is rude to speak about a princess of the great nation of Wakanda behind her back." Shuri's voice came over our commlinks.

"How the hell?" Widow cursed and then laughed. "Care to explain Princess Eavesdropper?"

"It is simplicity itself." Shuri purred in my ear. "I wrote a program that would seek out anytime someone mentions my name. It is keyed to friends and persons of interest. The program has wormed its way through most communication protocols. What were you saying about me?"

"The Widow was informing me that you are happy with a job well done." I explained. "That's it."

"Pity. I thought you missed me Ghost." Shuri pouted and I couldn't help but snicker.

"Give me a second to make amends." I said and closed my eyes. "Oh my. Blue looks really good on you."

"Demon!" Shuri squeaked in shock. "How did you know my lingerie was blue?" She asked as she suddenly appeared next to the hot tub. "Hello everyone." She gasped confused and a little scared.

"How the hell did you...?!" Natasha stammered.

"The ring. You have mastered shadows now. Impressive. Very impressive!" Steph stated as she turned to Shuri. "No clothes in the hot tub sweetie. Those are the rules."

Shuri never hesitated. As she reached between her breasts to unhook her bra, I stopped her.

I gestured and lifted Shuri off her feet. She spun slowly like a doll on display. Shuri leaned into it and began posing for us. She touched her bracelet which filled the air with soft jazz music. I brought my other hand into play and her bra popped open revealing her full perky breasts. Steph and Widow clapped causing the princess to blush. I wiggled my fingers and her panties slowly crawled downward over that luscious ass of hers. If I were to rate Snow's, Gwen's, and Shuri's backsides I would remain silent as they were equally fine. Shuri bent over once her panties had reached mid-thigh and her naughty bits were now on display.

"So pink!" Natasha gasped.

"She's soaked." Steph declared.

"Finally!" Shuri growled.

"Let's go Widow. Have I ever shown you the Wicked Wands of Watoomb?"

"Not yet." Widow giggled as they left.

"Aw." Shuri pouted. "I am going to miss out on the Wicked Wands of... by Bast's Sacred Nipples!" She cursed when I stood revealing twin erections. I locked eyes with her and felt her mind yield to mine. "My ass belongs to you!"

"Tell me what you want Shuri." I asked as I set her back on her feet.

"I want you to make me scream." She whimpered.

"I promise you'll lose your voice when I'm done." I told her as I climbed out of the hot tub. "Come here."

I took her into my arms and kissed her lightly testing the waters. Shuri's arms slipped around my neck as she pulled me down to intensify the kiss. Her breasts pressed against my chest as the kiss deepened. I lifted her up by her waist, Shuri's legs wrapped around me as she broke the kiss.

"It is rubbing against me." Shuri whimpered in my ear. "Must I beg for them?"

"Them?" I chuckled as she ground against me. "If you keep that up, I'll have to punish you."

"Aw poor Ghost... he wants to IRK!!" She gasped as both slid into her easier than I expected. My HUD let out a soft ding indicating a message. I had changed my settings so that times like this weren't ruined with messages flashing in my field of view. "Make love to me Ghost man." She begged as I set her ass on the edge of the hot tub. "Nice and slow my poor ass has never been violated before."

"I am going to start moving now." I told her as I rocked my hips slowly. "How is that?" I asked as I thrust my hips in small increments until she was impaled.

"Aw god my Ghost my lover!" She moaned. "So damn full!"

"Your squeezing me." I grunted as I thrust harder.

"I like the faces you make when you are inside of me." Shuri whimpered. "Almost...!" Her body bucked and I nearly lost my grip on her.

"I got you!" I cried out as I snatched her back into my arms, and she clung tight to me.

"Watoomb!" Natasha cried out her voice carrying the distance. I was too caught up with Shuri to do anything but chuckle.

"Hold me tight! Forgive me!" She gasped as she climaxed. I placed a hand on the middle of her back. "So cool, your body is so cool... I want to feel you cum inside of me." She begged.

"I like your faces too." I told her ignoring her desire to be forgiven. "Let's see what happens if I do this." I lifted her up and as she slipped downward, I slammed my hips up into her. Shuri howled as I leisurely pounded the hell out of her. Each cry was a notch on my belt. One climax blended into another and just when I thought she'd beg me to stop she wanted more. "Insatiable."

"Yes, we are being watched Ghost man. See." She pointed to the Sorceress Supreme and the Black Widow. "They envy me having my superior ass fucked senseless." Shuri moaned. "Let them watch how a real woman takes the twin cocks of the Ghost! Take me from behind my love."

Soon my dark-skinned lover was holding onto the side of the hot tub while I pounded her from behind. She stared at the pair of voyeurs with delight.

"See how my perfect ass jiggles when he slams into me! Poor pitiful Widow envies my fine Wakandan ass!" Shuri growled. "He's filling me with his delicious load!" She howled as I climaxed.

"Now my pretty-pretty princess," I snarled as I grabbed her by her hair. "Lick it clean... both of them!"

"At once my love!" Shuri declared as she dropped to her knees.

"You two... over here... help her out. I feel like making the princess watch while I violate both of your asses at the same time." I ordered and the joined her at my feet.

'That's my champion!' Anackire purred in my mind. 'Tame them and they will adore you.'

'Yes, my goddess!' I replied silently as three tongues licked and lapped on my sensitive flesh.

"It is going to be a long one." I groaned.

As my stamina bar recharged, I took a quick peek at my HUD and saw the trophies glaring at me. 

'Trophy earned: Heart Bound Princess. Heart of Shadows.'

"Heart of Shadows?" I asked and a was given a brief glimpse. "Can I take them with me?" I asked and I felt Anackire's approval. "Very well, my world my rules." I said as I tapped into the ring's powers and shifted all of us to the Elemental Plane of Shadow. "Walk with me."

The trio got to their feet and it was Steph that realized where we were. Her face lit up as she dashed to the balcony of the palace. She was the first to look out over the realm of Anackire the Nine-Fold Goddess. She gasped at the stark beauty of the monochromatic landscape. 

"I've never been here before." Steph declared. "I have read about it but to actually see it."

"I thought Russia was bleak." Natasha whispered. "It reminds me of Siberia during the height of winter."

"Shuri?" I asked and she was reluctant to leave my side and gaze out. She stumbled forward and placed her hands on the ethereal stone that framed the balcony. 

"It reminds me of my dreams. I am haunted by them and here they are in the flesh." She whispered as she reached back with one hand and pulled one of her ass cheeks away from the other. "Defile me beloved... take all that you need!"

"Your world your rules." Steph repeated my words. "Take what is freely offered."

"Aw fuck this... violate me until I can't scream anymore." Widow purred.

I slammed both erections into Shuri. As her back arched upward and towards me I snatched her by the hair and drove my fangs deep into throat. I drank deep before licking the wound. I felt like I had betrayed her as I licked my lips and her taste remained upon my lips. She was just the first. As I took my pleasure, I took their blood as well. No matter how deep I might have drunk I couldn't hurt them. I had declared them safe from harm. Like a dream, the rules of the Shadow Realm were mercurial and bent to my will. Also like a dream, the sustenance I took from them faded once I returned to the real world. 

"Ghost man," Shuri purred in my ear as I slowly thrust in and out of Natasha. "Tell me something you've never told anyone."

"You'll laugh." I chuckled as I watched my cock disappear into the Widow's tight little ass.

"Please." She begged and I didn't fear sharing.

"In another time and another place, I'm a musician." I shared it the way lovers trade heart sick secrets. "I was the lead guitarist in an eighties slash nineties cover band. I think the part that hurts the most is that we were really good. Luck though, that was never a part of that scene. I put it behind me."

"Music means a lot to you." Shuri whispered as if to trap the words between her lips and my ear. "Play for me."

"Close..." I grunted as I picked up speed. "Here I come Widow!"

I cried out as I climaxed and pulled free of her feeling a bit emptier that I normally did. Was it my secret taking flight and leaving me hollow? Steph and Natasha left Shuri and I alone. She begged me to play for her. The guitar manifested out of the stuff of shadows without effort. It was one of my guitars of course, my favorite one in fact. I had lost it during one of the dozens of moves the band had made over the years on the road. How had that happened? I always suspected someone had sold it for gas money and never had the heart to tell me.

The tune manifested as easily as the guitar had. The crisp haunting notes hung in the air as my voice sliced the shadows like an old lover never quite forgotten. The song belonged to a better man than I was. A man I looked up to and parodied in so many small towns and mid-sized cities. The song gathered in the dark and figures took up the melody and other instruments joined my solo performance. They weren't my bandmates, no, they were harmonic wraiths of dead men and women I admired. They were the ghosts of people I worshipped on stage and in the shitty motel rooms across the country. My idols took the stage and one at a time they took center stage and jammed out. I knew each note as if I had written it myself. 

"My real masters," I stated my voice cracking as the emotions overwhelmed me. "They drove me on when we ran out of cash and eventually broken, I begged my mom for money to get a bus home. I was a shattered dreamer and... I should shut up now."

"I stole from my brother." Shuri said as she clung to me. "I broke the deepest and most sacred of our laws."

"I don't understand." I replied wiping the tears away.

"The dreams haunted me, and I couldn't sleep. I stole the Heart Shaped Herb that gives the Black Panther his power." She admitted and her voice sounded as hollow as mine when she uttered that final word... power. "Bast gave me dreams and I succumb to her will and performed the sacred rituals. I became the hidden panther. I carry its power in my veins and my mind is laser bright and serves my people and my friends."

"Why me?" I asked. "Why tell me?"

"I felt it inside of you, the pain. Now we share each other's deepest secret." She stated softly. "It is time to leave this place."

"I agree," I said as the real world snapped back into place. "Now there are two Black Panthers." I stated and Shuri wept now that her secret was laid bare. I deactivated the Helm of Anubis. I told her to look and she smiled seeing my true face. 

"Your secret and mine bond us Ghost Fire, that and those fine cocks of yours. Again?"

"Damn straight!" I growled as my stamina was nearly recharged already.

The Heart Shaped Herb gave her inhuman stamina and a sexual hunger that matched my own. Shuri and I cuddled on the Dreamer's Divan or what I later learned was the dreaded Couch of Cthulhu. No wonder the dreams I had were so freaking weird. As I 'slept' a DLC sized update was installed. A new area had just been added to complete and enhance current storylines. The country of Latveria and its capital Doomstadt were now available for players to explore and interact with. I guess the Dr. Doom plot was rightfully getting the much-needed attention it deserved. Shit was about to get real. The once obscure villain now had the resources to make my life interesting after I had upset his mechanizations twice now. When I opened my eyes, a new quest was highlighted in my HUD. It was called Summer in Latveria.
