 Have you ever been chosen for something? You know what I mean, like a "life changing event" chosen? Well have I got a tale for you. It all started a few months ago. I was just another slub with a slightly higher than minimum wage job. Sure, I was a vet, but I was a POG never did anything heroic or brave. Shit I never even saw a warzone, let alone killed a man. I was working on an assembly line putting some kind of machine together. I didn't know what it was all I did was screw on one panel. Had a borderline useless girlfriend, all she was really good for was sex and free booze (I think she stole it from work). And only a few buddies that i hung out with or sometimes went hunting with. Like I said nothing really important, till i went out one night without the girlfriend.

It wasn't like I was doing anything special or cheating on my girlfriend or anything, I just felt like going to a bar after work for a couple beers. So there I was, just minding my own business, drinking a PBR (it was the cheapest one they had). An older lady walks up, I'd say she was about 60, tall, about 6 and a half feet tall, with black hair that was starting to grey. 

"I see that you are doing a lot with your life aren't you." she stated as-a-matter-of-factly.

"Well fuck you too lady." I replied sarcastically.

"Are you aware of your purpose in life? Of who you serve or should be serving i should say?"

I could only reply with a blank stare and an open mouth.

"What do you know of the old gods?" she asked with a bit of impatience in her voice.

"Like the greeks or norse mythology?" I answered questioningly.

"Sure but, i think you should read up on Celts if i were you."

"O.K... Why?"

"Lets just say it would behoove you to start learning to save time later on."

With that she just gets up and walks away from me. I look at beer and then back in the direction she was walking but she was gone. poof! like a fart in the wind.

"Well that was fucking weird." I thought to myself. With my afternoon of drinking ruined by crazy, I paid for my beer, grabbed my shit and left the bar. I was walking down the street to my apartment. I'll be damned if i'm gonna get a DUI because I was feeling lazy. I passed a bookstore and thought, "what the hell?" step inside, went to the mythology section, found a book on Celtic mythology. I flipped through a few pages, like what i read and decided to buy the book.

A few weeks went by, nothing really happened. I read the book, found some things interesting. I really enjoyed the part about the Morrigan for some reason. Wanna know why i liked it? Go get a book on her and read it, I ain't gonna spell it out for you. Anyway, I was going on with my life, the girlfriend was still around, i was just too lazy to end it. She had stayed the night and we were both sleeping when i had a very strange dream. In my dream i was standing in an open field, i think, it was very foggy. There i was, standing there wondering where this dream was going, it was boring so far, when a voice spoke to me.

"So have you figured out who you serve yet, my son?"

Who I serve? Wasn't that what that crazy lady said to me at the bar? Where was this voice coming from? What was i dreaming about? What the fuck is going on? This dream was getting strange.

"No clue what you mean lady." I replied.

"You like my history and abilities. And I am talking with you now. You should be serving me."

"I like you? How can I like you if i have no clue who you are?"

At this point a woman emerges from the fog. She was tall, wearing a cloak and not much else. She wasn't slutty or anything just that i could tell she only had a cloak on. I saw long black hair spilling out from under the hood, but the hood prevented me from seeing her eyes. Seeing this beautiful woman before me had me speechless.

"So you find me attractive my son." She remarked with a smirk.

"Did I say that out loud?" i asked a bit embarrassed.

"No, i just know your thoughts. Have you figured out who i am? I'll give you a hint. Triple goddess."

"Umm ... Are you implying that your the Morrigan? What do you want with me? I ain't shit. Do you have the right person?"

"Oh yes, I am Quite certain I have the right person, do you think i Don't know my children?"

"Why do you keep calling me your child? What do you want with me?"

"I have chosen you, my son. You are vital to my plans but i need you to agree to my terms first. Trust me my son, it will be a great honor to you."

Well I am stuck in this dream for some reason, so what the fuck, i'll hear her out.

"Good, but this is no dream my son. I have chosen you to be my avatar. To represent me and perform my tasks on the planet for me. You will be granted all my powers and knowledge and be equal to me in all ways. Others will see you and know you as me. You will know when and where you will be needed and how to accomplish the task presented to you."

"Well, I guess I would be a fool to skip the chance to be a god... I mean goddess. What could go wrong right?"

"I am glad you have chosen to serve me my son. Know that I love and will be your support when you should need it. Your task ahead with not be easy but remember who you are and that we are one now. Sleep my son your new life begins when you wake."

So the dream ended. I don't remember anything else at least. And next thing i know is the sun is shining through my bedroom window. I get up quietly to keep my girlfriend from waking up, head into the bathroom to do my morning routine. I step up to the toilet, drop my shorts and let the stream fly...all over the toilet, the floor, myself. 

"What the hell?" I say to myself. I drop my drawers and I look down to see what's wrong, I put my hand between my legs and feel nothing. 

"I must be sleeping still." i pinch myself to wake up but the pinch hurts and it starts to sink in. MY DICK IS GONE!! Then I notice that my chest has a couple of bumps that weren't there last night or any other night on my life. I rip my t-shirt off and yup i now have tits. Then i look in the mirror. I am now a gorgeous amazon of a woman. I look like I'm six foot 5 and have body that most athletes would kill for. My chest is a C or D cup (i don't know, i never needed to know this before). I have ripped abs, long muscular legs and arms. A sweet ass, black hair down to my lower back and ice blue eyes.

"What the FUCK happened last night?"