 Staring into the mirror with a shocked expression on my face (MY face? I don't see myself I see woman.) What the fuck happened? How did this happen? As I stand there questioning my grip on reality, there is a knock on the door. Jennifer (don't call her Jen or Jenny, for the love of god don't do it), asks how long will I be? I flinch, my head whipping back and forth from the door to the mirror with my mouth flopping open like a fish out of water. 

"Uh...... be out in a minute!" I shout only realizing my voice is different, very different. It is very much a feminine one now. It sounds dusky? Like it's sexy with an Irish accent if I am guessing correctly. I won't be typing it out here because I have no clue how to write in an accent, so you will just have to imagine it. 

"Who the fuck is in there Derek? This is not funny!" the irate voice on the other side of the suddenly flimsy looking door. FUCK!!! What do I do. I can't my voice change like that. 

"OPEN THIS GODDAMN DOOR THIS FUCKING INSTANT YOU WHORE! WHERE IS DEREK!" 

"Just a minute." I try in vain trying to lower my voice at least an octave but know in my heart that I am failing miserably. Dead. I am dead. D.E.D. what the fuck do I d- 

At this moment the door starts to shake as Jennifer is beating on it with a rage that doesn't bode well for my well being. Well I might as well face the firing squad. There ain't no music here. I slowly open the door just enough to show my face and see hers.

"Jennifer.....I need you to calm down........I don-" 

"What the fuck did you do with Derek!" she shrieks. She tried to force the door open but it doesn't budge. I know she's trying her damndest to open it but I'm holding it like a 2 year is pushing on it. 

"I AM Derek! Will you just give me a secon-"

"There's no way in hell You're Derek! He's 5'11, brown hair, brown eyes and a FUCKING MAN YOU CUNT!" well, cunt is a new word for Jennifer so I guess that means she is beyond reason now. What do I do now? What a sec, it's quiet. Uh oh......what is she doing?

"Tell that asshole that if he thinks he can cheat on me while I am in the same apartment he can go fuck himself! I AM GONE!!!! And the door slams I can hear shit hitting the floor, probably gonna get a complaint about noise. Well might as well go back to the mirror now. 

Stepping back in front of the mirror I take the time to actually examine myself. Lets see here. I am taller maybe 6 and a half feet tall. My eyes are blue, like ice blue. Long jet black hair that falls to almost my butt that now looks great if I must say so. I look pale, not sickly just not tanned. My chest looks to be the size of grapefruits, I have no clue on bra or cup sizes so yeah. They don't sag though, proud and firm. The rest of my body is athletic and strong. I have well defined muscles but not like a bodybuilder I feel like I am just powerful. Down below I definitely am missing a few things but the carpet matches the drapes so I guess that means my hair color is natural. I am running my hand over my new body, poking and prodding various areas to just make sure I am awake when my hands rest on my nipples. Now i don't know why but the idea to pinch them to make sure they're real pops in my head, so i pinch. FUCK! I look myself in the eyes through the mirror. Well I guess those are real. 

"Of course they're real. You think I would half ass this as you would say?" my reflection says back to me. 

"SHIT!" I shouted and my reflection is apparently not my reflection any more as it stares at me with it's arms crossed and annoyed look on its face. 

"Okayyyyy........I have officially lost my mind I think." I murmured as I wave my arm back and forth to confirm my reflection is no longer responding to my movements. 

"No you haven't lost your mind you are now in my form as you agreed to last night. Or have you forgotten already?" she huffed. If I could see her foot I bet it would be doing that impatient tapping thing. 

"Look.....me.....I am more than a little confused right now and talking to my NEW reflection isn't helping. So if you don't mind I would like to continue this conversation in the living room or kitchen we I can move around and....I dunno.... Drink myself back to reality or something!" My reflection returned to being just my reflection so I walked out of the bathroom into the living room with the intentions of making my way into the kitchen when my reflection appeared in front my me. 

"Holy fuck woman! Don't do that I'm already on edge I don't need a heart attack to finish me off yet!" 

"Relax, you will be fine. In fact, your health is no longer a concern as long as you remain my avatar. You won't age or suffer the many illnesses or disease that humans suffer. You have the strength and power of myself, the Phantom Queen. You will shrug off wounds that would otherwise fatal. You will spread the knowledge of myself and help renew the beliefs of the old gods. As you know, I am the triple goddess. I am birth, life and death. It is this rebirth of the old ways you will help usher in."

Hearing all this has NOT helped me calm done and now I am pacing the room staring down at my chest as it bounces uncomfortably trying to grasp anything that would return me to reality. 

"How do you get anything done with these things just bouncing around? I mean they are nice and i would gladly like to play with them if they were not currently attached to me! And what the fuck do I do about clothes? I don't have money to buy a new wardrobe and if put on any my other clothes I'll look like a moron that shrank everything to a commedic size!" 

"If you would just calm down I Can tell you about the clothing and several things you will need to be able to complete your assigned task. As for the breasts, you will get used to them. The clothing will help some as well.Now, clothing, all you need to do is think of it and it will appear." 

Without a single movement or sound or flash of light or anything a dress appeared on my "reflection." It was simple yet elegant and had a look of someone attending a renaissance fair. It was black with crimson trim, it seemed to form to her body from the shoulds down to her hips then just flowed loosely down to her feet. The top hung off the shoulders and revealed an impressive amount of cleavage. The sleeves were tight to the arms all the way down to the wrists. A belt or strap of what appeared to be silver wrapped around her waist with a length of it hanging down the inside of her hip. 

"Your turn. Just think of what you wish to wear." So with little else to do I close my eyes and imagined myself in the same dress. Opening my eyes slowly i find myself dressed exactly as my "reflection." I should really call her something other than reflection. I'm pretty sure it's far beyond that now.

"Good. now all you have to do is imagine what you wish to wear and it will appear on your body. But, when doing my work you will be clothed in what I deem to be appropriate and your body will also change to fit." At this statement my form shifted to that of a old hag, withered and gray. Wrinkles and age cover me entirely. Then it shifted to a what appeared to be a teenager with smooth and supple skin looking pure and innocent and a simple maiden's clothing meant to reflect that youthfulness. Then I shifted back to my "original" self but with a wool cloak hiding my body and hood pulled low to hide my eyes.

"This is interesting to say the least" I stated demurly. "Also what do i call you?"

"You may address me as goddess or mistress as you deem fit to. You can also use one of my many titles when dealing with other if they ask you the same. You have access to all my knowledge and you will use it accordingly. You can also call out Morrigan if you wish to gain my attention. When others address you you will tell them to address you in the same ways. Also you will need to understand your other shape shifting abilities." 

"Like what? I can already shift into your three forms......wait! Do you mean like into a crow or wolf?" My mind raced with the possibilities of the fun that could be had. Scaring people or watching them with them noticing a bird. 

"Yes, you can change into a wolf or crow. You will also be able to take the form of an eel and a cow. Those are the animals I am known as. Beware as well though you will be dealing with other gods as well. They will interact with you as they would with me. If you remember to think you know about them as well. Remember that the other gods are more or less the same as you in terms of power and skills. They will have different areas of expertise or focus but no one god is better or stronger than the others." 

Well this is just getting better and better by the minute. So now I am a goddess amongst other gods and such. But how did they come to be? Were they created by the people that worshipped them? 

"No we were created by the ultimate one. The creator made us to guide the people he also created. Were given a people to lead and teach but over time we failed in our callings and the creator removed us from the equation. Now he is allowing us to return but only to help further humanity in the way it was supposed to be. Humans have knowledge of the ultimate one as well but have warped his image and his demands. He is not one to intervene directly, after all that was our job. If you do have a run in with Him directly remember to be humble and respectful. He will know that you are not me and just my avatar so you may gain SOME leniency but do not push his patience his wrath is absolute. But more than like you will deal with his underlings first. You may know of them.they are referred to as angels but they are not the same as the books claim. They are similar to you in many ways but they have are doing the creator's work so they will have a "leg up"on you as you say." 

Well, fuck me God is real too! Well I guess that will make many people happy I guess. "So the bible is true then?" 

"It was once, but man has warped the creator's desires to fit their own. Lucifer and the creator did have a falling out but they do not fight over souls. Lucifer is more of a disgruntled warden and a law man. He does not demand man be evil or commit evil in his name but he will enforce the will of the creator. There are evil beings but they are not lucifer's minions they are the ones that corrupt humanity but remember this, humans that are corrupted are corrupted willingly. The evil ones do not have the power to control, they are given access to the soul. When you deal with those that are corrupted you must kill them. They are not able to be saved. If you encounter them in your capacity as my avatar they have been ruined. Remember that part of your job will be to collect souls for the after life. You do not just you just collect the souls will be sent where they need to be." 

"Do I have a lot to do or is this a part time thing? What about food and sleep? How will I pay for my apartment?" I ask with more than a hint of concern over my future.

"You no longer need to eat to live but can do so for pleasure. You do not need this place anymore. You old life is now meaningless and no one will notice your absence in their lives. But do not worry if you are ever deemed useless to me I may return you to your old life if you have pleased me. Now I will leave you to adjust to your new life and will call for you when I have the need for you." 

Thus began my new life as a goddess.