 Monica was your typical 25 year old woman. Good looking, had lots of guys wanting to fuck her hot little pussy, a great job, and lots of friends. She thought life couldn't be better. Of course that was until the day her life was changed forever.

Monica slid her lithe 5'7", slender frame out of the queen sized bed and smiled down at her latest conquest. She didn't even know the guys name, he was just some nameless guy she had picked up at the bar last night after work. 

When he had hit on her, she liked his 6', and medium built frame and sandy brown hair so she had brought him home. They spent two hours fucking each others brains out and Monica's pussy was still tingling from the multiple orgasms he had brought her.

She watched as he rolled over in the bed then tottered into the bathroom. She flipped on the light then looked at herself in the mirror above the sink. Her flawless skin was covered in love bites, her ice blue eyes sparkled as she looked at herself. Her blue black hair was mussed from sleep. 

After checking herself out for a minute, she moved over to the toilet and sat down to do her business. When she stood up, she didn't see the puddle of water that started under the toilet and moved towards the counter from the toilet being plugged. 

She turned towards the bathtub to take a shower and stepped in the puddle, feeling herself start to fall backwards. She reached out with her hands to grab at anything as she started to fall. A silent scream left her lips as she hit the corner of the counter right at the base of her skull killing her instantly.

Monica opened her eyes and looked around. She was sure at first that maybe she was blind because she couldn't see anything, and then suddenly there was a bright light right in front of her. She scrambled to her feet, covering her naked body with her arms as she looked into the light. "Who's there?" She asked, her voice trembling.

A cloaked figure moved out of the light, blocking most of it from view. Monica had a hard time seeing him. He was basically nothing more then a shadow. "Who, who are you?" She asked.

The figure walked slowly towards her as the light faded behind him. Once again she was covered in darkness and she shivered in fear. "It is time for your judgment Monica." The cloaked figure said as he slowly moved towards her.

"Judgment?" She asked looking at him. "What judgment? Where am I?"

The Cloaked figured waved his hand showing her a hand with no flesh around it, just bone. She shivered and let out a low whine as she looked at him. "You are in purgatory. You have not led a fruitful life but you have not led an evil one either. You must be judged to decide whether you will go up or down."

"I...I don't understand." She whimpered looking at him. "Who are you?" It was then that a bit of light came from above and she was able to see him a bit better. His face was covered by the hood of his cloak. He was dressed in all black, and carried a sickle. "Are you the grim reaper? Am I dead?" She asked her voice coming out in a squeak.

The figure smiled showing a row of perfect white teeth. "Right on both counts, come, it is time for you to be judged." A hand reached out of the cloak and took her arm. She tried to pull away but the hand held on tightly. This hand was actually covered in flesh. She wondered if he had somehow done that to put her at ease.

He pulled her away from the light and into what looked like a small room with no walls. He pressed her down into a wooden chair sitting at a table with a book open before her. "What is this?" She asked looking at the book.

Again the creature smiled. "This is the book of your life. It will help decide where you should go."

The reaper opened the book and began to read allowed. It talked all about Monica's life. How she had been born to two loving parents. How she was an "A" student all through school. How she had been head cheerleader and always helped her mother out in charity events. "See, I should go to heaven." She said sitting back and covering her breasts with her arms.

"True, your young life has been good, but lets go a bit further ahead." He said turning a few pages. This time he read about how when she was 18, she had seduced her father into taking her virginity and how he had committed suicide a year later. 

Monica swallowed hard. It talked about how she married but then had cheated on her husband so he had left her. How she couldn't seem to stay with just one man. The bad parts of her life just kept coming. There was some good to though, she was good at her job and it seemed she was in the running for a promotion.

Finally he reached the day she died and closed the book. Monica looked at him fearfully. She knew she wasn't a perfect person but did she deserve to go to hell? "This is a difficult decision." He said resting his fingers against his chin.

Monica smiled, "well, you could always let me go back to Earth."

The reaper looked at her, his black eyes shining under his cloak. "Now why would I want to do that? It is not my job to decide if it is your time to die or not. It is my job to decide where you go once you die."

Monica swallowed hard, she was 25 years old, she still had things she wanted to do, and she didn't want to die yet. "Um...is there anything that I could do that would get you to send me back?"

The reaper looked at her, "well, sometimes I will offer a soul a challenge, if they can fulfill it, then I will let them live again. But..." he leaned forward over the table. "If they fail, they go to hell whether they belong there or not."

Again Monica swallowed, "What kind of challenge?"

He shrugged, "it can be anything." He let his eyes drift over her naked body. "I'll tell you what Monica, you are a beauty and I don't believe you should have died at such an early age."

Monica smiled. "Thanks."

He just nodded, "but like I said, that is not my decision. So I will challenge you. I haven't had an orgasm in over 500 years. If you can bring me to orgasm with your mouth and pussy then I will send you back to Earth."

She looked at him, "So if I suck you and let you fuck me and get you off then you will let me go back to Earth?" She asked skeptically.

The reaper smiled and nodded. He was sure he would win either way this went. If the little minx happened to get him off, then he would find glorious release that he hadn't found in over 500 years. If not, then he would have the pleasure of her body before he sent her into the pits of hell. "What do you think? Do you think you can get me off?"

Monica shrugged, "What the hell, if I end up in hell I may as well get fucked before I go right?" She stood up. "So where do we do this?"

He waved his hand again and the table vanished to be replaced with a brass bed. He stripped off his cloak showing a handsome man with a medium build and jet black hair. His black eyes moved over her body as she moved onto the bed. His 8 ½ inch cock stood rigid against his stomach.

Monica hadn't noticed before but as he moved onto the bed, he was actually about 4 inches taller then her 5'7". She swallowed hard as he lay back on the bed beside her and grabbed the back of her neck. "Suck me my dear." He said huskily as he pulled her down towards his body.

Monica swallowed hard as she lay on her stomach beside him. She tentatively wrapped her hand around his cock and gasped when she wasn't able to wrap her hand all the way around it. He had to be at least 4 or 5 inches around. She looked up at him then slowly lowered her head. She wasn't sure if she would be able to get him in her mouth so she started by licking up the side. 

The reaper moaned at the soft touches of her tongue on his flesh. It had been a long time since a woman or man for that matter had touched his cock and he had to admit that her mouth felt good. He felt her kiss her way up to the tip of his cock and whimpered in pleasure. 

When he felt her take his head into her mouth, he bucked up with his hips, burying himself deep inside her. "Oh yea, suck that cock baby." He groaned slowly fucking her face as he pressed her head down over him.

Monica had a relatively small mouth so she was surprised that she was able to take him in her mouth. She had half of his cock inside her though and she went at it with gusto. She ran her tongue over every inch she could touch then grazed her teeth over him before loving him with her tongue again.

The reaper was beside himself with pleasure. He was beginning to think that the little minx might win this challenge. The cum was already boiling in his balls and his cock was spewing precum into her beautiful mouth. 

Not wanting this to end before he got inside her, he pulled her off of him. "Enough, I want to fuck you now."

The fear of not completing this challenge had kept Monica from getting wet as she sucked on him. "I'm not wet." She said softly looking into his black eyes.

The reaper smiled at her, "I can take care of that." He kissed her softly on the lips then pressed her to her back on the bed. He spread her legs open wide then dove his face down over her pussy. He ran his tongue all over her flesh before he centered on her clit and flicked his tongue rapidly over it. 

Monica was moaning and bucking with her hips against him as her pussy started juicing. "Oh fuck, yes, eat me. Oh god, it feels so good."

The reaper slid a long slender finger inside her and groaned as he felt her tighten around him. He added a second finger and proceeded to finger her like crazy as he devoured her clit with his mouth.

Monica cried out and pressed her body tightly against him as he pushed her towards a fast and furious orgasm. "Fuck, eat me I'm going to cum." She cried slamming her pussy tight against his face.

He thought about stopping, she was wet enough to take him now but it had been a long time since he had tasted a woman's juices and he was suddenly hungry for hers. Pulling his fingers from her pussy, he quickly replaced them with his tongue. Slicing it repeatedly deep inside her.

Monica cried in dismay when he took his fingers away then squealed in delight when she felt his tongue drive into her. "Yes, oh yes, eat me I'm cummmminnnnngggg..." She screamed wrapping her legs tightly around his head as she humped herself against him.

He kept his tongue buried inside her as she coated him with her juices. He moaned at her sweet taste then dug his tongue in further looking for more. His cock was throbbing against him and he knew he had to have her.

He pulled her legs from around him and moved quickly up over her body. Without warning, he thrust wildly forward burying himself completely inside her.

"Ooooooffff..." She grunted at his sudden invasion into her body. She didn't get a chance to get used to him as he started thrusting into her with fast, hard strokes. Her body shook at the power of his pummeling body and the bed groaned under their movements.

It took her a couple of minutes to catch his rhythm but when she did, she wrapped her legs around his waist as she slammed her pussy up against him. "Fuck me; your cock is driving my pussy crazy. I'm going to cum again." Monica suddenly didn't care if she won the challenge or not, all she cared about was the cock driving further and further into her body with each thrust.

The Reaper was panting as he rode her hard. Her pussy was clinging to his pummeling cock and he knew without a doubt that she would win this one. There was no way he could keep himself from cumming even if he wanted to. He rammed his cock hard into her body making her squeal in delight as she suddenly coated him as she came around him. It was all it took and he let out a loud roar as he came.

Monica had a feeling from the way he was acting that he was cumming but she didn't feel anything squirting inside her. When he collapsed against her body, she slowly let her arms encircle him. "Um...did you cum?"

He chuckled against her neck. "Oh yes, I haven't cum that hard in a long time. It was a wonderful feeling." He moved off of her then lay down on the bed beside her. "You have won the challenge; I will send you back to Earth."

As she sat up, she looked between her legs but all she could see was her own juices. "But I didn't feel anything."

He laughed out loud this time. "My dear, I'm dead. I can't cum like mortals can. But I can still feel the sensation. I can still feel it in my body as if I was really cumming. The only difference is nothing comes out."

She nodded, "so what happens now?"

"You return to Earth and live out the rest of your life, although you might want to get your toilet fixed if you don't want to end up here again." Before she could respond, he waved his arm and she was gone. He lay back on the bed for a minute, reliving the experience then stood up, got dressed and continued his duties.

Monica opened her eyes and looked around. She was right back where she had started. She was lying in the bed next to the man she had brought home last night. Her death and what led up to it had never happened.

She moved slowly out of the bed, looking at the man she had given her body to last night. She didn't even know his name but she decided that she wanted to. He was a handsome man; maybe he would be interested in more then just a one night stand.

She headed towards the bathroom then remembering the reapers words, she bypassed it and headed for the main bathroom. She did her business then showered and dressed before she called the plumber. As much as she had enjoyed being fucked by the reaper, she was in no hurry to meet him again.

As she drank her coffee, she thought about what she had learned. She knew that it was time to turn her life around. If she could slip in the bathroom and die, then any number of things could happen. She put her empty cup in the sink then headed back towards her bedroom. 

First order of business for her new life...Find out her lovers name.

THE END