 Michael stared out through the glass across the patio into the darkness.

Behind him his mistress purred with anticipation as she led the unresisting girl down the hallway and into the secret lair of her bedchamber, where, if the flame of ravishing hunger illuminating her dark eyes gave expression to her true intentions, her victim would soon be totally consumed in the raging fires of unearthly desire.

This had been his birthday present to her but he could not help a cold shudder as the door closed and he contemplated her probable fate. Knowing Angel as he did, being aware of the volcano of primeval lust buried deep beneath that serene countenance and having witnessed her awesome power on the rare occasions that it was unleashed; he doubted if the enchanted and bemused sacrifice would survive the night.

Anyway the victim was no longer his concern and it was time for him to be introduced to Angel’s pets. That the experience was going to be a challenge to both his manhood and his sanity he had no doubt. His mistress had tested him often and on each occasion he had been brought almost to the point of final oblivion before he gained his release. But perhaps that was the whole point of their relationship, even oblivion was her gift to withhold or allow as she willed.

All he could do was wait for the events of the night to unfold and for a little while there was an illusion of security in this softly illuminated room where he had spent the last hours in pleasant company.

As though on cue he heard the soft laugh, almost inaudible but in a strange way filling the air with its murmur of allure. He turned to face into the room and listened. There it was again, a tinkling gurgle of delight taking charge of his senses and drawing him across the carpet in the direction of the door leading into the hall.

He grinned as he recognised the siren pull. So this was how they attracted their victims, an innocent sound with an overtone of subtle promises. Come and see what we find so amusing and join us in our little games.

Well I can play these games as well as you and I have been promised much entertainment in your company. Amused at the thought, he walked softly through the hall into the dining room with its walls lined with dramatic pictures alternating with full-length mirrors. This was where the trap would be set and the chase begun. As he expected the room was empty, just a slight flicker in the corner of the nearest glass, perhaps a trick of the light or imagination.

Michael sat down at the small round table and waited. He would make them come to him.

The light from the decorative wall lamps slowly dimmed and the subtle scent of musk and roses assailed his nostrils as the first of the two sirens stepped delicately out of the mirror at the far end of the room. 

Totally naked except for the silver bangles at wrist and ankle, she floated towards him, her tiny feet making no sound on the tiled floor. Her head was bent to one side as she peered shyly at him through the mass of long black hair which cascaded around her slim shoulders. Long and lustrous, it fell in waves to her waist; her small pert breasts playing hide and seek in the dark mass. She seemed to be no more than a child, if it were not for her eyes so dark and inviting, eyes full of the promise of unimaginable sexuality.

Yet this was no human female. A pink tongue flickered between the rosebud lips, impossibly long as it tasted the air for his scent. The eyes were now fixed on his, the emerald irids flecked with silver, surrounding large black pupils slit vertically like those of a cat. And in her movement, so seductive and alluring, was a sinuous serpentine grace.

Closer she came and Michael felt the short hairs at the nape of his neck rise up in delicious anticipation as she slowly stretched out her hand and let her delicate fingers explore where they grew before moving slowly to caress the lobe of his ear.

The pupils widened into black orbs as she stared deep into his face, her sweet warm breath quickened as though to beat time with his own and she smiled, a wide knowing wicked smile that told of intimate secrets plucked from the depths of his being, dark desires and fantasies known and promised in reply.

His body responded to her invitation and he felt himself thicken and grow beneath the silk of his robe. He leant forward in the chair to capture her small hands and draw her to him but she was like a wraith, slipping though his eager fingers, her soft laugh teasing his senses into arousal and frustration.

She paused by the nearest mirror, moulding her slight curves to the edge of the golden frame, winding her limbs around the pillar in a suggestive embrace, all the while capturing his gaze with her inviting stare. As he approached she held out her hand and let it be taken in his grasp, then with a quick backward step she pulled him though the glass into that other world that was her home, letting him come into her arms as the ambush was completed by her sister who, seizing him around the waist from behind, with mouth agape struck deep into his throat with her needle like fangs.

He tried to cry out in surprise and pain, but his temptress sealed his lips with her own, the long pink tongue burrowing deep into his throat in search of his life essence. His struggles gradually faded as the potent venom entering his veins took his strength and the two sirens, now wound tightly like serpents around the prey, began to assuage their hunger.

He drifted in and out of consciousness, a strange erotic lethargy taking him down into a world of lascivious images enhanced by the constantly shifting winding caress of their bodies playing incessantly against his flesh as they took sensuous pleasure in their reward. They writhed and stretched suggestively as they fed, the one taking his lifeblood, the other drinking from deep from the well of his being.

And as they drank he became one with them, their sleepy satiated thoughts sliding into his brain, their knowledge and sensation becoming one with his. They in return took him into themselves so that in that tight knot of devouring, all shared all with each. And each was filled with wonder at the new found experience.

For they, experienced hunters of the night and old as time itself, had never before taken as a prize one such as he, still mortal yet changed by power and craft to something more, a predator more akin to his captors than appearance told, yet happy and content to lie in their arms, as though knowing that they would only go so far in their hunger, enjoying their draining of his juices, exalting with them as they fed.

At last, replete and content, they began to wash and groom each other with soft moist kisses and long sweeping caresses of the tongue.

Now as one with them, Michael enjoyed these intimate attentions as every part of him was cherished in this intimate caring, he in his turn paying homage to the delicate flesh and soft silky skin with his own skilful ministrations.

A different hunger began to come upon him as the delicate touch of mouths and hands beguiled his senses. They too knew his excitement and answered with their own arousal, warm lascivious thoughts drifting from one to the other as they moved slowly in an erotic dance of lust.

Sharing sensation, each and every desire and fantasy was lovingly translated into action, the moving flesh exploring each delicious aspect of arousal, lingering caresses thrilling the straining bodies as they sought to reach and share in the promised ecstasy. Pain and pleasure were mixed in exquisite equal charge as sharp teeth and sly wet tongues sought out sensitive flesh to torment and soothe in equal measure.

One took his turgid shaft deep into her mouth, her long tongue winding around the throbbing flesh and drawing tight almost in strangulation as she sucked him into the rippling depths of her throat. The other explored his chest with her knowing lips, teasing his nipples with her fangs, just penetrating the skin to give a sweet sting to the sensitive flesh beneath, then returning again and again to coax out yet more red drops of precious blood to taste and paint her mouth with crimson for him to wash away with his own eager kiss.

Then he in turn, no longer bound by human restraint, did with searching mouth find warm juices flowing in pulsing veins close under delicate skin, his own swift subtle bite rewarding him with potent fluids that ran like fire though his being, bringing him to the shore of that raging sea of lust into which only such as he and they could plunge, so powerful were the storms that played upon its face.

So did the three ride high on the passion they had created, each now joined to the others, each writhing mouth sealing in another's organ of desire, sensation flowing from each to all to swell the flood of ecstasy that, rushing in a never ending circle, did grow upon itself until release came in an explosion of light and sweet juices that each took down deep into their hunger to fill and soothe their fevered flesh.

In half sleep they lay until vigour returned, then stirring into wakefulness the two nymphs drew Michael to them, their thoughts now turned to other sport

'Tis time to hunt and take our fill of other game, come join us and share our delight in chase and capture, for we truly love you and would have you enjoy our pleasures.'

And Michael now bound up in flesh and spirit with these wild companions could not deny them.

Down the grassy bank they ran and into the river, as sleek as otters they dived, none needing breath in their magical transformation. Down the stream they hunted, carried along by the water's swift flow, twining together, touching and parting like otters as they swam. Each looking through the clear water for sign of prey, each seeing what the others saw in constant communion; the clear cold water bringing to each a sense of power and well being, a glorious intoxication of the senses.

They came to a deep pool, the rush of current slowing within its depths to stillness. Here they hovered, senses cast wide for any movement or vibration that might lead them to that which they sought. Michael, reading their desires knew that it was not fish or crustacean that interested them, it was a larger, more challenging chase they required.

It was not yet come but from their thoughts he knew that it could soon be within their reach. Then, each one taking his hand in theirs, they sank down to the very bottom of the pool, dark and shady in the deepest part where no amount of searching from the surface would discover their presence.

Quietly they waited, their ambush set. Time has little sway in this other world and patience is of no account in their waiting. Only the sweet anticipation of the capture and subjugation of the victim keeps their senses acute.

As if ordained by fate their reward comes. A shadow casts upon the water, a presence hovers above. They freeze, not daring to move in case the prey takes fright and they are denied their sport.

There! Light shifts and sparkles across the sandy bottom as ripples spreading out from the bank tell of one then another bare foot testing the water. Cautiously moving from the shallows towards the centre, more of the intruding body slowly emerges from the world of air above.

Slender calves followed two smoothly jointed knees, leading to long shapely thighs topped by a dark pubic shadow, a most delicious form to satisfy the wildest dreams of those waiting below, now become three tightly wound springs of anticipation with muscles tensed and nerves at breaking point as the moment of the attack grows nigh.

Nearer and nearer the unsuspecting nyad strays as she seeks depth enough for playful swimming, closer and closer to the waiting mouths now opening in readiness for the assault on her fragile flesh.

At last finding enough water beneath her, the graceful wood nymph lets herself fall forward into the aqueous embrace then turning on her back, she floats with arms and legs spread wide, head tipped well back, her fine long hair a nimbus around the whiteness of her slim form.

From the deep lair three shadows silently drift upwards, Michael in the centre as silent as his companions, a hunting pack well skilled in ambush and surprise. No thoughts exchanged now, in each brain a careful stillness as the plan, already made and well rehearsed, comes into execution. Easy now, for this prey can perceive thought as well as they and is in truth much faster in escape than they in pursuit.

Slowly they rise up beneath, soft supple fingers delicately sliding over the smooth flesh, the light touch no more than the caress of the slowly moving water, tracing feather like up the soft arms, slipping between the curves of the slim body, to seek and caress with long slow movement the intimate secret centres of pleasure hiding in between.

Michael lies beneath her, hands sliding up around her waist, drawing the floating body imperceptibly below the surface to bring the upturned breasts within his reach while his two companions wind their serpentine spell around her limbs and play their sensual magic on her receptive flesh. His rampant shaft slides between the soft cheeks, guided by their skilful fingers into the softly clinging clasp of her centre.

Now the prey tenses with apprehension, this intimate touching is beyond the realm of daydream in the comforting water. She tries to bring her body to the moment of escape, but in that subtle movement of her muscles she triggers the attack.

Swift as light a hungry mouth fastens on each delicate wrist, fangs biting deep, the venom spurting into the pulsing tide of blood, carried by throbbing veins to heart and brain, there to weaken and subvert the victim's will.

Michael in savage synchronism pulls her fiercely down on to his turgid organ, with mighty stroke driving deep into the soft living clinging tissue, his hands now grasping the firm smooth mounds, rolling and twisting the small hard buds between his eager fingers.

Then as his climax rushes to commencement he strikes hard into the slender neck below the ear, the sweet bitterness flooding into his eager mouth driving him over the edge of desire into that moment of madness that all seek but so few find.

The victim's struggles weaken under the combined assault, then take on a different tenor as she begins to welcome this invasion of her being, her senses now subverted to arousal as she is overtaken by the subtle poison now pervading her, bringing a sweet pleasure to the brutal caress of grasping hands and sucking mouths and the hard plunging rhythm of the great tumescent organ deep within her.

Michael's playmates, observing the lascivious tremors now changing the movements of escape into a writhing of desire, release her wrists and drawing her apart from their companion, turn her to face him, then changing shape into long serpentine forms, wind tightly around them both, binding them together as he plunges again to the very hilt into her hungry welcoming cavern.

Now urged on by fevered responses matching his own passion, Michael swiftly climbs the great mountain of rampant lust until, reaching the very peak, with a great roar of release he spurts deep and long into her thirsty channel. He leaps into orgiastic flight, soaring in a bright explosion of light and power before falling again into a dark welcoming oblivion.

The slow moving current bears his supine form towards the quiet surface, while in the dark deep place below two serpents coil more tightly around the helpless maid, questing lips seeking again the blood filled arteries and climactic juices then finding, nuzzle and burrow there, the hungry mouths squirming deep into the victim's flesh.

This time they drink their fill until there only remains a lifeless husk, a welcome feast for those creeping creatures that scour the river's floor in search of nourishment.

One last thing remains, and this they do as though instructed by some higher power. Back through the mirror and into the lounge they carry the unconscious Michael where they lay him gently down on the soft carpet. They stand over him for a moment, wondering at this strange being who, after they had enticed him into their world, survived and enjoyed their avid kisses and then became for a little while, a well loved playmate.

One takes from her wrist a bangle and lays it gently on his bare chest. He will be truly welcome and safe if he should come again and wear it as a sign. A soft sigh from each, then with tinkling laughter they go back through the portal to their home leaving again the fading sensuous echo that had first brought him to them.

Much later, the sleeping figure struggled back into wakefulness. He stretched and groaned as the sting from numerous small wounds shocked him out of his lethargy. He sat up looking around him, for a moment lost and then recognising where he lay, tried to rise. Groggy and sore he began to make his way back towards the lounge but a sharp sound at his feet made him pause and look down. He slowly stooped and picked up the trinket and as he absentmindedly put it on his wrist, the memory of the night's adventure came back in a glorious rush of detail, each moment relived in full as he stared without seeing into the face of his mistress.

Angel, knowing all, took him by the arm and led him like a sleepwalker to his room where she laid him gently on the bed. She laid a soft hand across his eyes to shut away the recollected images and let him fall gently down into the deep pit of slumber.

She was content, he had enjoyed her playmates and he had earned his reward. She turned, and forgetting him completely, went back to feast on the delicious trembling girl waiting submissively in her bed.