 CH5: More instructions.

I managed to sneak out early the next morning without waking her up, and decided to go running. I ran up the mountain and discovered several buildings I had not seen before. One of them smelled like animals, and I decided it had to be a stable. 

Running up a mountain is tiresome enough, and I decided to set a demanding pace rather than a sustaining one. My training had taught me to breathe deeply as I ran up the high ridge of the nearest mountain. I was greeted by the sun upon arrival; it promised to be a warm, cloudless day. 

I looked around. This ridge was only one tendril of the higher, snow covered mountains further up west. The temple had been built at the end of a valley, but not inside the real mountains, were provisioning would have been a problem. Apart from the temple, there was no sign of human life in the valley. I knew there was a village down somewhere, but the many hills and ridges hid it from my view. I hear the birds and insects and knew there was probably some game around here somewhere, but right now I was alone. I drank in the view before starting to run down again. 

Running down a mountain is easy if your knees and ankles are up to it: Don't think about the movements. Gravity will bring speed, the only thing you have to do is decide look for a place to set down your foot before you actually set it down. The sun was slowly shining brightly in more and more places in the valley. I raced down, trying to reach the temple before the sun would. I lost. 

The run had made me sweaty, so I went to the baths. I was just putting on my clothes when there was a knock on the door of the small bathroom. Ariadne was waiting for me. 

She wore a low-cut dress and her hair was still wet. She told me she couldn't find me and had eaten and washed alone. She told me to grab something from the kitchen and to meet her at the storage rooms. I ate my bread as I went looking for her, and she told me we would do some chores first. As we cleaned the now-empty eating room of the kitchen, I couldn't help but stare at her ass as she picked something up, and than continued to swipe the floor. The day was already hot when we finished the chores and continued to the library.

The hot weather and my earlier exercise had made me unfocussed. She gave me a scroll I had to memorize, but today my mind constantly wandered off. They day was hot, even inside the library, and I was always aware of the presence of the beautiful woman next to me. She told me she wanted to copy one of the scrolls in the library. I was sure she thought that as long as she didn't talked to me she wouldn't distract me, but she was wrong.

"You are really hopeless, are you not?" She told me, as she caught me staring at her breast again. "Maybe I should not wear this dress, for I believe it distracts you too much."

I protested, saying the dress was lovely but not distracting, but I could not put much effort in those words. She sighted.

"I know it's hot today and somehow your mind is elsewhere, but please try to focus."

I did an honest effort and did my best to read en memorize the scroll, but after a good start I realized I was now reading one line over and over again. I groaned. 

"I can't do this. I'm sorry, but I'm not used to just sitting and reading for so long."

"Maybe I should ask Leda if she can appoint someone that doesn't distract you as much to instruct you."

"Please don't do that." I said shocked. Ariadne smiled to me.

"I wouldn't want that, but I think we should find a way to get you focused again. And stop starring at my breasts. If you want something from me, just ask."

I was silent, but her eyes narrowed. "You do want something from me, don't you?"

My cheeks had turned red again. "Yes, but I know now is not the time to-"

My voice died off as Ariadne suddenly stood up and stood right before me. "And what is it you do want from me? If it will help you study I will gladly do so, for right now you are a worthless student."

Her stance was challenging, and I knew she would truly consider anything I asked her. I decided to ask for the only thing that might work right now; though speaking the words suddenly directly to her face was still difficult.

"Can you... do you... could you bring me release?"

She suddenly sat down in my lap, her face close to mine. I tried to look away while she spoke. Her hands gently touched my throat, forcing me to look at her. "You do think all you need is release, and you won't be distracted anymore? Good. How shall I bring about your release?"

"With your mouth." I had said the words out loud before I had realized it. I thought I was blushing before, but now I knew I was not even really embarrassed. I tried to avoid here gaze, bus as I looked down I only saw her breasts, which didn't help making me feel less embarrassed. Her voice was soft and kind as she spoke again.

"You've learned to speak your mind more clearly. You do still have some shame in you, and in this situation that's not really strange. Still, you are making progress. I asked what you wanted, you named it. And I think I do want to help you."

I looked in her eyes again, not believing she meant what she had said. She smiled to me, and whispered into my ear. "Consider yourself lucky I'm in a willing mood today. You have quite a lot of cheek."

She stood up, before kneeling down on the ground before me. She took the open dress off her shoulders and let it slide down till her waist. She showed me her breasts. 

"I believe you have wanted to see these naked for quite some time now." 

With authority in her voice, she told me to sit more to the front of the chair, and to take off my pants and shorts. I lowered both and sat down on the chair again. She leaned forwards and took my semi-erect in her hand. Her eyes found mine again. She sensually licked her lips as her hand softly started stroking me. I could tell she was rather horny herself as she used her other hand to absently-minded stroke her panties. 

In a tight voice, I asked her if she could be a bit more firm. She raised an eyebrow in surprise, and increased the pressure with her hand. My pleasure increased as well. Her skilled stroking had quickly made sure I was fully erect, and I had started to breath more heavily too. She decided to tease me.

"Tell me what you want me to do"

"I want you to please me with your mouth."

"Can you be a little more specific?" 

I saw the triumph on her face as I spoke the words to her face.

"I want you to use your mouth to lick my cock"

She leaned forward, and while her hand still moved up and down, her tongue touched the sensitive head. I groaned as she softly licked me, and she giggled. She was encouraged by my reaction, because she licked more surely, before she started to rotate her tongue around the tip. I grunted. She looked up to me, her tongue still working the tip. I knew she enjoyed it to see my pleasure. She leaned back again, giving me slow, firm strokes.

"Do you like it?"

I grunted, but I think she got the message. She smiled.

"I don't have much experience, but I'm glad to see you enjoy it."

She leaned forwards. This time, her tongue ran down the length of my shaft, starting just above my balls and going up to the top. She repeated the move several times, but she did change were she licked, so I my cock was completely covered in saliva. She continued pumping her hand up and down, and the lubricant provided a blissful friction. She winked at me. She licked the tip, licked more of it and then took the head completely in her mouth. 

I was in heaven. Her wet lips felt so good on my member. She bobbed her head up and down, slowly taking a little bit more of it in her mouth. I took her hand and placed it on my thigh, so only her mouth touched my member. I run my hand trough her long, curly hair, preventing one of her locks from hiding my view at her work. As I ran my hand trough her hair, I was gently guiding her head, but she didn't seem to mind. She followed the instructions my hand gave her, and soon sucked me off in a very comfortable rhythm. She made a soft, muffled moan, and I knew she used one of her hands to pleasure herself. She changed her movements, and started licking my shaft again. I told her to pay more attention to the head. She did what I told her, rolling her tongue over the sensitive tip. 

She broke contact but now used her hand again, this time only stroking the head. Her blue eyes locked into mine, and I knew the lust I saw in her eyes must only be a fraction of mine. She stood up, her hand still stroking me. I grabbed her breasts and squeezed them as she brought her head close to me to whisper in my ear.

"You like it, don't you? You like it when I suck you off. And you like it to instruct me. It's okay. Tell me what you want, and I'll do it. You will repay me tonight."

I looked at her sly grin, and nodded. She softly kissed my cheek. I let go of her boobs as she sank down again. "Tell me what you want."

"Take my cock in your mouth again." She licked the head once before taking it in her mouth. I ran my hand trough her hair again, guiding her bobbing head. "Just a little deeper... yes"

Her free hand was now softly massaging her own boob. "Try sucking me more"

I moaned as she increased the sucking sensation. I guided her head into a comfortable rhythm. My next question still embarrassed me.

"Can you... use your tongue now as well?"

The sensation was almost unbearable. Her head still moved up and down, her lips putting pressure on my cock, as her slippery tongue moved over the head.

"Holy –" I bit back the words, deciding I shouldn't insult the Gods. I chose less offending words instead. "Aphrodite be praised. That feels good."

Ariadne laughed and released my cock from her mouth, although her hand immediately took over. "It's good to praise the Goddess in pleasure. Do you like it that much?"

"Damn yes. Please do that again."

There was a look of pride on her face. She took me in her mouth again, her tongue and lips simultaneously pleasing me. I softly moved my hips along with the rhythm of her bobbing head. It felt so good I wanted it to last forever, but I knew my climax was rapidly approaching. 

"If you keep doing this, I'll come" I warned her. She didn't respond except for moving her head even faster. She released my cock from her mouth, her hand setting a teasingly slow pace.

"Are you going to come, big boy? Good. Tell me where you want to finish. Do you want to come on my face?"

I hadn't really thought about it and wouldn't have dreamed she would allow me to do that, but quickly agreed. "Yes, I'd like that."

"Good." She licked the tip as her hand stroked me very fast. "Give it to me, my lover."

I threw my head back, but decided I wanted to see her eyes. As she saw the look of pleasure on my face, she knew how close I was. She used both her hands now, rapidly jerking me off, and began talking dirty again.

"Oh yeah, my love, give it to me. Come all over me. I want to watch you come. Cover my face with your hot seed."

She licked her lips, and I couldn't take it anymore. A thick rope of sperm was ejected from the tip, landing on her pretty little face. I closed my eyes for a moment as her hands continued their stroking. My balls contracted several times, each time sending forth more sperm. When I was finally finished, she continued stroking me for a bit, making sure I had given her all, before leaning back. 

She giggled. "I'm afraid you made a bit of a mess."

Her face was covered in my come, and I saw some of it dripping down to her breasts. I didn't know it would be this much. It was quite a sight to see her pretty face decorated like this. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-"

"Yes you did, and I don't think you're that sorry either."

I scanned the room for anything we could use to clean her up, when I froze. Leda stood in the doorway, watching us. I stumbled to my feet and tried to quickly pull up my pants, and I saw Ariadne looking at her as well. She didn't try to cover herself up, as it would have been futile, but instead turned bright red. I don't know for how long Leda had watched us, but one look on Ariadne's face was enough to see what had happened here. I wondered if she would be angry we weren't studying, but Leda spoke calmly.

"Ariadne and Michael, I was looking for you. I wanted to check if your education goes well." 

She directed the words at me. I didn't know what to say, and avoided the tall woman's eyes. 

"I see have learned to speak more clearly about your desires. That is good. I don't think I need to remind you not only to concentrate on your beautiful instructor, but also on your studies"

It was a mild rebuke, and I nodded my head, ashamed. Leda didn't seem to be embarrassed by the state we were in. She spoke as if she had just found us busy with our studies. She now directed her words to Ariadne.

"I want a word with you later. I expect you to continue to supervise Michael's study and I want a copy of the botanic scroll, but I want a word with you soon. Can you come to my chamber sometimes after dinner?"

Ariadne had stood up again, her face still red as some of my sperm slowly dripped down her boobs. She curtsied politely, however, and told Leda she would be there. Leda looked pleased.

"Good. I will leave the two of you to continue your studies." She turned around, but stopped just before she closed the door, a smile on her face.

"There is a cloth in the cabinet on the right somewhere. You might want to use it to tidy yourselves up for a bit."

She left, leaving us extremely embarrassed.

The cabinet contained tools for writing. Among them was a fresh cloth that could be used for spilled ink, and Ariadne used it to clean herself before readjusting her dress. As we both took our seats to continue what we were supposed to do, I quietly thanked Ariadne. She smiled, reminded me I would repay her for it, and went back to copying the scroll. 

Our intervention had worked: I was no longer as distracted, and determined to study hard today. By the time the sun began to set, I had learned several scrolls by heart, and Ariadne had made good progress on her scroll. Ariadne sneaked away to tidy herself up a bit and to dispose of the dirty cloth, and then rejoined me for dinner. 

She left for Leda's chambers after eating, and I used the opportunity to check on my armor and gear before leaving the temple to make a small offering to Ares. When I returned to the temple I knocked on the door of Ariadne's chamber, and found Ariadne waiting for me, back from her visit to Leda. 

Ariadne invited me to lay down on the bed with me, but seemed interested in talking for a while. She told me Leda had said she was content to see I was making progress. I silently wondered in how detail Ariadne would have told her about certain aspects of my study. I asked Ariadne if Leda had said anything about the way she met us today. She looked at me. 

"She told me she was glad we were going along well, but told me to choose my location for certain instructions more careful. You might not know it, but having a male around here changes much. I think Aphrodite only initiated girls here because she wanted the temple to be like this. Your arrival and initiation changed things. I told you I volunteered to be the one to teach you. Leda honored me by giving me the task instead of several other good candidates. She doesn't think you are yet ready to be exposed to all the women in this temple. She goes a long way to keep you separate. She told us we could use the library, but if other people had walked in, things could get ugly. Not everyone is happy I have claimed you as mine."

She studied my face while she told me this, trying to see how I reacted. I hadn't realized the consequences my arrival had.

"I don't quite understand. I understand the location was not appropriate, but we are together, right? It might not be good to be so public as today, but why does she want me to be separated?"

I could see I had not given the right answer. "You are quite naïve sometimes, especially in affairs like this. I am your instructor, and teach you everything. Sex is just a part of that, and if any one of us wanted another lover, no rule would forbid that."

She saw the look of hurt on my face and quickly continued. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I like you, and my interest in you in genuine. Remember I share my bed to you because I want to, not because of my task. Nor am I looking for another lover."

She smiled gently as she caressed my face with her hand, and I believed her.

"Still, if one of the other women of the temple would try to seduce you, I have no right to stop her. That might distort the friendships we have in this temple. With this many women living close together, we can't afford to give offence. It can turn quite nasty."

I looked at Ariadne and told her I didn't desire another woman. She shook her head. "As I told you, you are young and naïve, and the women of this temple can be quite convincing if they want to. Still, I thank you for your words. To avoid complications, you are to be kept separate until Leda decides it otherwise."

I lay pondering her words for a while. Relationships in Ares' service were much easier. If anyone gives offence, he should apologize. If the apologies are not accepted or none are offered, there is a fight. Ares determines the winner of such a fight to be the one who is right. The loss of a few teeth and the shame of losing are often enough payment to undo the offence, but sometimes gold needs to be paid. Grudges are never carried long.

I looked up as Ariadne moved next to me. There was a mischievous smile on her mouth. 

"I'm happy to see you understand the gravity of the situation. Leda's told me to be more careful, but that doesn't mean we can't do what we want while we are in my room."

I looked at her and smiled. "And what is it you want to do?"

"I remember you still owe me something."

I kissed her softly. "Yes, and I will gladly repay that debt. You have my thanks."

"You really liked it, didn't you? I hadn't realized at first how much you had wanted it"

"You underestimate your own talents. Your beauty fuelled my desire; your skill fuelled my pleasure."

"Well spoken, my warrior. You are learning to speak more refined. The credit is not entirely mine, though. I never pleased a man that way before. I was told how it should be done by one of my friends, and your own instructions told me more about pleasing a man. I will tell my friend her learning pleased you, though."

I quietly reflected how much these women told each other and suspected Leda was quite right about Ariadne invoking jealousy in other women. I held my tongue, deciding now was not the best time to bring this up, and asked her how I should repay her.

"We will work on your endurance today. You are not too selfish and you have some stamina, but you could be more pleasing if you lasted longer. I will show you the right techniques, and your objective is to refrain from coming for as long as possible."

She told me what I could do to last longer, and undressed and told me to show her I did understand my lesson. I entered her, and she did everything she could to give me pleasure and to try to make me come. She tempted and teased me, but I followed her advice and was determined to please her as a way of thanks for earlier today. 

Her body quickly put me on edge, but I changed my rhythm to a slow, stable one and fought back the urge to come. She whispered dirty words in my ear and told me to come, but I focused on a spot on the wall and ignored her, as I continued to thrust in her. I realized she could make me feel more aware of her pleasure by touching the Aphrodite's tattoo in my neck. She used this to almost make me lose control as she came herself. I switched the position of our lovemaking instead, and did not move myself but moved along with her hips as she came. 
