 Author's Note: This is my very first erotic story that I've ever written. ^^ The characters are all established in my novel and other writings I'm working on. I hope you enjoy it, and keep in mind I'm a total noob at writing these kinds of things. Any pointers would be appreciated. -HBL

 _____________


//0021 Hours, December 14th, 2510, Sol Count Ray Major System, Beyond the orbit of the fifth planet\\

The darkness of space was abruptly shattered by a pinprick of white light. The narrow beam began to expand, having no visible source. Soon a circular void began to form in the fabric of reality, and exploded into a kilometer-long portal. This portal had blinding white light mixed with swirling blue and violet energies.

Emerging from this void was the nose of the RSS Requirement, a modified Republic Benediction-class Star Cruiser. It was a hammerheaded design that tapered to a narrow cylindrical connecting deck that attached to the rear of the cruiser, which was thicker than it was tall. It's wingspan was approximately 200 meters, while it's head was about 800 meters long, and looked like a cross from the front. Turbolaser cannons dotted it's blue and white armored surface, and on one side it's name was painted in Galactic Basic and English. "We have arrived in the system, Kyle." The ship's AI, Lead, reported.

Brigade Colonel Kyle Starblade reclined in the command chair on the Bridge, watching his ship hum along. He had long snow-white hair, a beautiful and soft face with intelligent emerald-green eyes, pale skin, and a lanky frame with muscles where they were needed for a veteran commander and soldier. He wore a white command uniform that flowed over the chair like an over cloak. A smile graced his ethereal face as he looked to the turbolift doors in the back of the room. "Thank you, Lead."

His prediction was accurate, and the titanium bulkheads slid back as the lift arrived. Walking into the bridge was one of his company commanders and executive officer, Kiva Andrews. She was Beta Centurion- with bright-orange skin, red eyes without irises, and a stature of 2.7 meters, she stuck out in a crowd of humanoids.

Long red hair with spacious bangs concealed most of her face, but an impish grin plastered it. Her jet-black uniform was usually flowing free, but was now tied tightly by two leather straps and hugged her feminine frame. Her hips were wide and her breasts were large and pert, although he did not know the actual size; Kyle had a hard time not staring, especially when she intentionally swaggered across the command deck. She was the object of fantasy for many men in the Brigade.

The Colonel opened his mouth, only to have it captured by hers. Soundlessly she perched herself onto him with one knee between his legs, pressing her body against him. With one hand she pushed against the top of the chair while the other ran down the front of his chest. His mouth was subject to the exploration of her passionate tongue as she tasted her mate.

Lead's hologram, a sprite of luminous green light standing a meter away, cocked an eyebrow but said nothing. Beta Centauri woman are known for being... aggressive.

When Kiva released his mouth, she grabbed his waist with both hands and pulled him up, out of his chair, still against each other as passionate lust radiated from her like heat. He was helpless to stop this, and looked like he was enjoying it anyway. As she guided him towards the lift, he tossed back his final order for a while. "Set a course for Meridian Station and set my quarters to Private! Bye!" Then the doors slid into place and the elevator began to go downwards quickly.

The Beta Centurion was insatiable, kissing him again and wrapping herself into him as much as she could manage. Feeling his penis begin to harden against her thigh only fanned her flame, and she reached a hand down to begin rubbing his shaft.

As a commanding figure and a swashbuckling Republic hero, it was exhilarating for him to be dominated by another, especially a woman. His noises only motivated her further, squeezing gently his cock and kissing all over his bare upper chest. She wanted him with all her being, his massive human cock, inside of her.

Sometimes Kyle wondered how she could have so much energy and power after a mission.

A ping made them both look over to the opening doors. A Rhen Var stood frozen at the threshold, staring at them. Kyle blushed and stammered out an apology to the bird-being as Kiva again took him, moving out of the way and down into the hallway while she nibbled his chest and neck and rubbed against him.

The alien sighed. "Humanoids."

Kyle Starblade was a veteran commander who had fallen in love with his Executive Officer. This tale was not uncommon, and for years he and Kiva had been mates, scaling up their affections. Despite his bravery and honor, he had only had a few sexual experiences before Kiva. He had slowly learned the details of making love, and Kiva lovingly helped him along with her many years of experience. Only in recent months had the more fragile and careful human allowed her to release most of her inhibitions.

The results had been, in his choice words for his Journal of December second, "Fucktastic." Kyle could be intense and adventurous, but Kiva brought an entirely new dimension to the table, making him seem like a little woman. The person to point that out to Kyle first would never have to worry about the burdens of command.

After each mission Kyle could expect almost without fail to be visited in such a manner by Kiva, although recently she had taken a more dominant and commanding role. The odd thing, to him, was that while she was aggressive in her manner, she was incredibly caring and charitable. He shrugged it off, supposing most Beta Centurions had such a bi-polar take on the world.

Of course, this was voluntary, but a man often has a hard time resisting the most desirable woman on a spaceship, especially when she's strong enough to carry you off.

ROOM A-DECK B-SECTION 1 BRG. COL. KYLE STARBLADE DO NOT ENTER. Unless you're Kiva who's hauling my ass in for some nice sex. Then, you know, come on in.

The holosign showed Kiva which door to open. She pressed him into the wall with her body, kissing him while her hands dove into his pants. One hand took his identification keycard out of his pocket, the other one dove straight for his rod, jerking him off in a somewhat rough manner that made him shiver and rely upon her body to support him and keep him from falling.

Taking advantage of this, she leaned back as the door dilated open, catching him and carrying him into his own room. She shut the door behind them and deposited Kyle on the large single bed. The energy-mattress broke his fall. The male's hair was strewn about his red face and half-lidded eyes, his uniform slipped like wisps off his glistening body. His pants made a large tent-pole as his impressive tool stood erect. Kiva watched him hungrily and said, "Disrobe."

Kyle nodded and reached down to shed his outer jacket, tossing it to the side, and then moving over to take off his tunic. Both of these articles was almost off anyway, and in no time the man was merely in his boxers, that seemed stretched intensely by his impressive erection. Everything, including his affectionate and playful attitude, cute face, six pack, and huge penis, appealed intensely to Kiva.

He was about to take off his underwear when he took her hand, and said, "Wait." She grabbed the straps securing her uniform, snapping them with her strength easily. Without this force holding it, her uniform coat fell away, leaving her topless and exposing her assets.

"You've gotta be at least an E," Said Kyle, squirming from desire as she watched her. Her impressive breasts' orange skin tones seemed to melt into the tiny red satin bra. Her stomach flattened out with ready muscles, then flared out again for a set of juicy hips in thong-like panties. She possessed the perfect hourglass figure. Kiva strode for this appearance, and took pride in it.

She pushed red hair from her eyes and giggled slightly. "What about you?" Her gaze traversed down his body. He was lean yet muscled, with a graceful sculpted feel to him, like a dancer. His pure white hair tapered to the incredibly pale skin that was beginning to take on a red tint from the heat she built up inside of him. His emerald-green boxers held a telltale bulge that almost ripped the fabric. "At least eight inches, I would guess."

"Nine," He admitted, and Kiva was driven more than ever to feel his heat and presence inside of her. 

Her form-fitting pants were gone in moments, and the two were left in their underwear, their lust palpable. She laid on top of him and said, "We will do this together." Kyle nodded in obedience and reached up to unhook Kiva's bra. He knew exactly how to do it- this was Kiva's favorite bra. He grabbed it and tossed it away, freeing the large mounds of flesh from their cloth prison at last. Her nipples were a more ruddy red-orange color.

While he did that, she reached over and slid his boxers down over his welcoming hips, off of his legs. All of their clothes began to evaporate as particle-beams melted them down, taking the bothersome articles into oblivion. His well-trimmed public hair was also snow-white, which for some reason both amused and aroused her further. Her god was now completely naked and completely aroused, aware of her every whim and eager to have his mate. "Now my panties," She ordered, and he obeyed, removing the bothersome obstructions. She had no pubic hair, like the rest of her race.

Silently Kiva lowered herself on her knees. She laid over him, her massive tits pressing down into his toned upper chest. Kyle was unable to take this, and wrapped his arms around her waist, kissing her with his own fire. She slid from his grasp, trailing her tongue down his steel six-pack and lithe and elegant waist, with slow and deliberate motions.

Reaching lower, she paused to look up at him. "Beg me."

"Kiva..." She began licking again, sending shivers of desire through his body. "Kiva... please... take me...." Music to her ears. Her mouth hovered over his large cock for merely a moment. Her tongue slid around his head, her alien musculature allowing her to wrap it around his shaft like a small snake. He reacted favorably, beginning to squirm but she held his hips with both hands, pinning him under her control.

She took him into her mouth, slowly, inch by inch, her tongue massaging him. She had gotten excellent at deep-throating and had all of him into her, lubricating him and drinking in his moans of pleasure. Kyle put a hand on her head to force her down, but she sat up regardless a moment later, licking her lips. "Do you want this? Do you need this?" She demanded, her gaze piercing the human.

He nodded, his own eyes communicating his desire and his desperation. "I need this..." She smirked impishly and fulfilled his wish. Kiva was an expert, inducing constant spasms of pleasure. His stamina was admirable, and he struggled to hold in his impressive load as long as he could, wrapping his thin legs around her shoulders.

She frowned at this selfishness, and worked twice as hard. He didn't last long after, and came, screaming her name and filling her alien mouth with a large quantity of human sperm. The warmth and taste of his liquid were still somewhat exotic, and she shuddered, savoring it for a moment before swallowing it all in a single gulp.

As she licked her lips in an attempt to get any stray drops, she noticed penis was still fully erect. Advances over hundreds of years in nanotechnology allowed millions of tiny machines to be implanted inside the bloodstream, to enhance the immune system and cure diseases. Since blood collected to the penis in an erection, it brought much of the medical technology into his cock. The nanites sensed he was missing sperm, and generated him new sperm, at the same time maintaining the heightened blood levels. The practical result of this was that a regular man could have five orgasms and keep coming before the machines realized a loss of sperm wouldn't be harmful, and blood levels returned to normal. Kyle Starblade was no ordinary man; he had the stamina of a superhuman.

That was somehow fitting- near superhuman getting a literal superhuman. Kiva wanted to share an orgasm with her mate now, and slid smoothly over him. Her skin tingled at the contact, and he shuddered as his shaft of heat was dragged across her chest, down her stomach. Her mouth swallowed his and they shared another passionate kiss that seemed never to end. The brigade colonel tasted himself in her mouth and found that oddly attractive.

Eventually it did end, but any feeling of disappointment this left him with quickly vanished. She aligned her curvaceous hips over his, her chest now directly in her face. He smirked and reached out with his tongue, running it across a bare nipple. She gasped, and the peaks of the vast flesh mountains, already hard in arousal, were treated to pleasure.

In his haze of passion, Kyle nearly forgot that she didn't have a pussy where humans did- luckily instinct and memory took over. He reached up, flipping over the alien girl so that she was laying with her back over him. Beta Centurions had two assholes- one for wastes, the other for reproduction. Even so, both of them were highly sensitive areas, and he wished to be in both of them.

Not for the first time, he cursed whatever genome had decided that humans only got one cock. Impressive though he was, he was going to need some help for this. Reaching blindly over to a nightstand adjacent the bed, his hand wrapped around a cylindrical glass object- a portable nano-machine container.

Interfacing his cyberbrain with the machines, he ordered them to convert the glass into the shape of a penis, which would be roughly his own length, and the texture of flesh. The microscopic robots did so, and within moments he held a professional dildo in his hand, feeling remarkably life-like. Meanwhile to entertain himself and her he had been tracing circles over her back with his human tongue, and Kiva squirmed slightly. She was tired of waiting. So was he.

Carefully placing both of his rods at the entrances to his mate, he wasted no more time and plunged into her. They both cried out as one, and Kiva felt him, oh, kami-sama, inside of her. The alien was wet and tight, and for a moment Kyle savored this. Then he pulled out with both, and thrust again, deep and hard. As he began to pick up a rhythm, Kiva closed her eyes, moaning loudly and moving her hips. He shoved in his real cock, then the artificial one, like pistons.

It hurt Kiva for a few moments, but then the pleasure supplanted it, and she fell into the mating, feral instincts combining with the timeless lust and need of all sexual beings.

Both mates shut down all non-life support systems in their cyberbrains, concentrating all their runtime to the mental link between them and the pleasure sensations flooding their nervous systems. In this way, their since of individual was eroded for a time, washed away on waves of ecstasy as they truly united in mind and body. Their vocal cords, falling out of contact as all power was focused to the axons and nerve clusters, went completely silent, and only the rustling of the sheets underneath them made any sound.

They rode out countless orgasms together, spikes of shuddering energy followed by a quick resumption of the steady and intense sexual rhythm. As they came time and again, his thick white semen spilled out over them after completely drenching her insides, while her sexual juices also flowed out.

After a period of timelessness, the pace slowly slackened off. Kyle's body, which had endured the rigors of warfare and intense biomechanical augmentation, began to succumb to fatigue from constant, intense movement. He let the dildo fall to the sheets, sopping wet with the internal juices of the woman in his arms. Soon thereafter, he came a final time, and thoroughly exhausted, snuggled into her elegantly broad-muscled shoulders.

Both of them slowly returned their brain-functions to normal, and they began to loudly gasp as their hard-working lungs were finally heard. Kiva's vocal cords strummed slowly into action, and she said, "I love you," In her native language, a much more guttural tongue.

"Love you... too..." Kyle replied, voice soft and delicate as the wind, completely spent in every imaginable way. Realizing he should devote all his facility to gathering more of his room's pressurized air, he switched to mental communications. So, did the mere hu-mon satisfy the space-Amazon?

Kiva giggled, and replied, Oh, yes indeed. The space Amazon is very proud of her lil hu-mon.

Lil? Kyle replied in mock-objection. Kiva turned over, sliding down slightly so they were face-to-face, gazing lovingly into each other's eyes as they conversed, still riding out the haze of pleasure. I'm pretty sure addressing your commanding officer in such a way can get you... court-martialed.

Do you have to recluse yourself from the jury if the defendant just fucked you like a wild Ood in heat?

I should... check the regs for that one. Kyle smiled dreamily, closing his eyes. Tired... sleepy now. She couldn't blame him- most people would have severe issues from exhaustion at this point, and he had done an admirable job of fucking her brains out. For a human.

Dream well, my love. She kissed him, delicately this time, and crawled off of him. The bed didn't transfer any motion, leaving the white-haired human to sleep, naked and covered in the sexual fluids of two races and genders. She chuckled slightly. 


Luckily, he had injected himself with another group of nanomachines earlier in the day, perhaps in anticipation of her post-mission... ritual. These would cause the fluids to all convert to harmless water very soon, leaving him wet, but much less disgusted. It also prevented, without fail, a chance of pregnancy. When we're ready, we'll have a baby of our own accord. After this war... They had promised each other to first concentrate on surviving the horrific war the Republic was engaged in, and then maybe work on a family.

Kyle had demanded that they have a nice little house on Mars with a white picket fence, a Terran terrier dog for a pet, and 2.5 kids. He had also decreed that at that point she would make him pies. Of course, he had gotten some creative punishments, but since he had been jesting she went easy on him. He and she respected each other and understood their mate in a way that everyone should. At least so she thought.

There was only one problem with this- she still needed more. It was through no fault of his own, and he understood and accepted that- Beta Centurion women were absolutely infamous for their libido. She turned back on the link to Lead, allowing the AI's awareness to once again cover this room. Having an ON/OFF switch for the meddlesome artificial sentience proved useful for private times such as the one Kyle and Kiva had just shared.

"How was it?" Lead asked, wasting no time in manifesting his holographic form before her. Intentionally mysterious, the humanoid figure was an ethereal emerald-green translucent color, with no conventional clothing but military-camo-green bandaging covering his waist and groin, upper left arm, and right foot. His face was concealed by long, unruly pea-green hair, and he put out the traditional luminous glow of a projection of light. His sensors noted she was nearly covered in the genetic material of their Brigade Colonel, and he said, "I assume good?"

"As always," She confirmed, slightly giddy. The fucking hadn't sated her completely, but had mellowed her a little. She passed from stage one- animal lust, to stage two. A more elegant approach. "Clothing, please."
