 AUTHORS NOTE 

This is the first chapter of the second book in my Pleasant Moo series. It picks up where Pleasant Moo Farms left off. Alex, a homebody and video game addict fresh out of college and struggling to find employment, has undergone a detailed, male-to-female genetic transformation that has left his body changed and his apartment, which he shares with his roommate Nick, completely trashed. Now that he's a curvy college-aged girl with cow-like features, can he fight the urges of his new body long enough to solve the mystery of his transformation and find a way to change back to his old form? 

Rather than a rapid transformation story, I'm working hard to give detail to the transformation and the psychological process. I hope you enjoy it. 

Thanks for reading!

BL Quick (BQNK)

--

Chapter 1: To Know

Alex's long nails dug into the fabric of her duvet, pulling it over her nose. Her dark hair fell like blinders around her face and cascaded down her bedding in a blanket of curls. The hem of the duvet grew hot, saturated with panicked breaths; their timbre was high - after all: her throat was smaller.

"I SAID why is there a pizza on the floor?" Nick yelled from their living room. "I know you're not asleep, Alex! You left the lights on! The television! There's a fucking pizza in the entryway!" Nick kicked the box and eyed the robe Alex had abandoned on the living room floor. "Why are you such a pig?"

Alex pouted her lower lip and peeked down in terror at the topography her body was creating in the duvet. Two round bulges pushed defiantly into the fabric, rising and falling with her breaths. 

Another form wrinkled prominently in the covers next to the thick outline of her thighs. It shifted back and forth nervously. "I'm not a..."pig," she whispered and held her tail still. Tears welled in the corners of her eyes, saturating her long eyelashes and distorting the feminine map in the blanket before her.

"Fucking answer me!" Nick's voice boomed from the living room. 

Every one of Alex's senses had been heightened in the transformation. Her ears poked out from her flowing hair; fuzzy and cute, and reconfigured to pick up the slightest of sounds. She could hear Nick approaching the bedroom, every footstep more jarring than the last. Alex pressed her thighs tightly together, instinctively protecting her new vulnerability. Hours before this action would have slammed Alex's balls together uncomfortably. Now everything fit like a puzzle - with a piece missing. Her thighs were slick with feminine juices, and, at their apex, a new heat radiated between them. 

A pussy. Her pussy.

In a final stomp Nick arrived outside her door. Alex could hear him breathing angrily and the floor of the hallway creaking as Nick shifted on his feet, waiting impatiently for a response. A fragrance filled Alex's nostrils: the sweetness of Nick's cologne mixed with his natural, male scent. Alex rolled the aroma in her nostrils, unknowingly discerning all kinds of new information. Nick had just come from a date. 'Had they...?'

Alex inhaled and concentrated. 'No.' Nick had not slept with her. Alex exhaled in relief, and, indulging himself, drew in another whiff, savoring it this time. Alex thoughtlessly loosened her thighs and a nagging, empty feeling grew in her pelvis.

Nick banged his fist on the door. 

Alex pulled the duvet over her head to be confronted anew by her abundant breasts. A shiver ran down her spine and into her tail. She looked beyond the bulging mountain range on her chest to the new valley cut between her thighs. 

'Oh fucking hell.'

At the sight of her tight new body, blood flowed into her clit, and it swelled from her pink folds, begging for attention. 

"Alex! Open the door!"

How did she get here? Trapped in her bedroom. Trapped in this body. Trapped period. 

Alex closed her eyes, mentally composing a map of her being, surveying each curve from her toes to her scalp beneath the duvet. She loosened her jaw, taking wonder in how much lighter it felt. No sensation of her prior male body remained. 

She brushed a thin forearm over her nipples, sending a lithe hand through the soft, inviting fur of her tummy to rest her palm on the creamy patch of fur on her pubic mound, and let her thin fingers overlook the sheer drop between her thighs. She could feel the warmth of her new opening radiating into her waiting fingertips. Her crotch had been rendered smooth and desolate, deserted by her fallen cock. A wet crevice cut tightly down the center of it - her new oasis: lush, wet, and inviting. She flexed the muscles in her vagina a few times - before this tightening would have emanated into the tissue of his penis - now it radiated within her. 

"How...?" she whispered sweetly. She flexed again.

"Alex. Open the door."

Alex raised a slender pointer finger high and deliberated. 

'I shouldn't,' she thought. 

All logic told her she should wait - regardless of if Nick was locked safely outside of her bedroom. But her feelings objected, quickly offering their own logic:

'You owe it to yourself to understand. To know. To prove to this isn't a dream as quickly as possible. You shouldn't let someone standing outside your door stop you.'

With this new rational, she quickly resolved to ignore Nick, even though her nostrils were awash Nick's pheromones; even though she could feel Nick's presence in follicle of her fur; even though it was impossible to ignore him: She had to know. 

"Open the door!"

Alex plunged her finger into the shallows of her pussy and gasped. Her senses blurred as her eyes and eyebrows relaxed into a look of wide-eyed shock. Her tiny upper teeth bit into the softness of her plump bottom lip. No longer taken by the adrenaline of transformation, she felt her pussy anew, tracing its wet folds and carefully circumnavigating her clit before sending her finger to her entrance and into her depths. 

Alex's pussy sucked her finger in invitingly, ravenous for something to fill it. A moan nearly escaped her throat before she caught herself and her senses came fading back, clearer and more heightened than ever. Alex squeezed the muscles within, trying hard to clamp down lightly on her finger - and quickly learning a finger wasn't enough. Her body now ached for something larger to cling to. 

True knowledge is never a fixed state: understanding blazes a precarious, twisting path to new questions. New desires. New aches. 

Alex could hear Nick still outside breathing. Waiting. Her nipples became painfully hard on the tips of her round breasts.

"Alex. C'mon, man!"

"I'm not a man." Alex whispered. I'm not a man. The words echoed in her mind as she pulled her finger out and gingerly followed her tight lips back to her pulsing clit. Alex wrapped the fingers of her other hand around the wide contour of her left breast, tugging her nipple, holding on. It wasn't just her pussy. Her nipples were sensitive, too. 

She stroked her clit with her feminine finger and then sent a second to join it. Were two fingers better than one? She pushed them into her pussy. 

The added girth knocked the breath out of her. Alex curled to her side in blissful agony. If only she could moan and release the tension in her lungs! Instead it kept building, pushing forward through the flesh of her breasts and coursing into her sensitive nipples. She bit down on her duvet and writhed in her blankets as she pushed two fingers firmly against her clit. She kept them still, but she wanted nothing more than to grind against them. She was lost. She was found. It was beyond processing. Beyond words. Beyond belief. 

Alex brought her fingers to her tongue, tasting herself. So sweet. She pressed her sweetness to the roof of her mouth with her tongue and returned her fingers to her clit. She let them linger for a moment on her sensitive nub before pushing her hand forward through her labia to her entrance, and then into her depths. She moaned.

"Alex open the d-"

Alex caught herself, trying in vain to stop the sound, to swallow its feminine timbre, but it was too late. The moan had escaped her lips. 

'Oh fuck.'

Alex kept her fingers steady and zeroed her ears to the man standing outside her bedroom door. Alex could hear Nick outside her room. Breathing. In the hallway. Completely still - so still the floor wasn't even creaking. 

The apartment fell quiet. 

Had Nick heard? 

Alex sniffed the air, desperate for information, a signal - but it was no use. Her nostrils had become used to Nick's pleasing scent. She tried to stay still. To not breathe. To not grind against the fingers pressed into her pussy. To think. 

She wanted to kick herself. 'So stupid. What was Nick thinking now?' She wanted to know desperately. 

Alex imagined Nick walking into their apartment. Seeing the pizza box. The robe on the floor. And, now, hearing the moans coming from her bedroom - from her slender throat. 

Wait! As far as Nick knows, I'm here with a girl. That's it. That's the only thing he could think. 

She looked down at her naked breasts, settling her gaze on one before cupping its mass in her free hand. Waves of relief collected beneath her tummy. 

I'm not trapped. Her lips twisted into a smile. At least someone was getting some tonight!

Alex pulled her fingers out of her pussy and immediately plunged them in again. She mmm-ed loudly and dispatched the hand clenching her nipple to her clit, stretching two dainty fingers out to stroke furiously over her throbbing nub. She threw her head back and moaned. It felt so good not to have to hold it in. 

"Oh. Fuck." She kicked the duvet off the bed with her thick legs and spread her thighs - a wet spot was expanding on the bed between them. She stroked harder. Her pussy gushed with juices. Alex's conception of delicate female sex was dissolving quickly. She realized her pussy could take a beating - and that she wanted it to. 

"Fuck. Yes..." Her fingers moved over her clit at a maddening pitch, sending drops of moisture to the bedding between her legs. She thought of Nick. She imagined him hearing her screams and rushing off to his room in embarrassment. The picture in her head and the pleasure in her crotch made her laugh audibly; a laugh that quickly dissolved into unhinged feminine laughter that resonated in her tummy. 

She felt a jolt. 

Then another. 

'No!'

She gripped her pussy tightly. 

'Not yet!' She wasn't finished teasing Nick! 'Please no!' 

Her tail stiffened. 

Her body took over. Her laugh had jumpstarted an eruption. She gasped for breath, trying to hold on, but finally had no choice but to give in and let the sensations take her. She seized forward in the bed. Her hair fell over her face and into her wide open mouth. She screamed long and loud. The sound waves echoed through the apartment, through the walls, resonating faintly in the rooms of the surrounding apartments. She held her pussy firmly and bucked at her hips, riding the orgasm like an invisible bull, shaking violently in bed as all sense of time and place washed from her. 

--

She lay there, shaking sporadically, her senses creeping back slowly. She felt like a smoldering meteorite in the center of her bed. Like a fallen angel. Intoxicated, and dripping wet. The white noise of the apartment flooded her ears. 

Alex's ears scanned the vicinity, searching the air for a creak or...a breath?

Another one. 

Shallow. 

Present. 

Outside her door. 

In and out. 

One after another.

Nick was still by her bedroom door. The soft fur across Alex's body shifted as her skin broke out in goosebumps. 

'Why haven't you left, Nick?'

Her mind reeled. 

'Why didn't you...'

She couldn't breathe. She listened to the faint creaks as Nick tiptoed down the hallway to get ready for bed. He had stood there the entire time. He had listened to the whole thing. 

She pulled her fingers out of her pussy. Her hands shook. She covered her crotch and pushed the palm of her hand into her swollen labia. Nick turned on the sink and began brushing his teeth. 

"Was it as good for you as it was for me?" she whispered into the air.