 AUTHOR'S NOTE 

This is the second chapter of the second book in my Pleasant Moo series, Pleasant Moo Two. Pleasant Moo Two picks up where Pleasant Moo Farms left off. Alex, a homebody and video game addict fresh out of college and struggling to find employment, has undergone a detailed, male-to-female genetic transformation that has left his body changed and his apartment, which he shares with his roommate Nick, completely trashed. Now that he's a curvy college-aged girl with cow-like features, can he fight the urges of his new body long enough to solve the mystery of his transformation and find a way to change back to his old form? 

Rather than a rapid transformation story, I'm working hard to give detail to the transformation and the psychological process of accepting that change. I hope you enjoy it. 

Thanks for reading!

BL Quick (BQNK)

*****

Chapter 2: Reflection

As she lay in bed listening to Nick get ready for bed, Alex noticed another sensation gradually taking over within her - one of the few remaining from her old body: 

She had to pee. 

So began ten agonizing minutes waiting for Nick to finish in the bathroom and go to sleep. By the time Nick had closed his bedroom door, Alex was rocking back and forth with her legs crossed, pouting to herself, "Hurry up and go to sleep Nick...you fucking pervert."

After an unbearable wait, Alex slipped out of bed and tiptoed to her door, her tiny feet walking through her own cum - the final volleys her penis had made before retreating. The doorframe towered above her. She crossed her thighs. She squished the last of her male cum between her toes and listened.

Nick was already snoring in his room. Alex did a pained dance of victory and turned for her robe, then remembered. 

"Shit."

It was in the balled up in the living room. She would have to go naked. 

Alex quietly opened cracked the door and gazed out into the dark hallway, swinging her tail curiously. All was quiet. She looked towards the bathroom, mentally preparing for, what was to her, a harrowing journey of ten or twelve steps past Nick's bedroom door to the safety of their shared bathroom at the end of the hall. 

She tiptoed into the darkness. Her flesh bounced in slow motion with each deliberate step forward - tail sweeping back and forth, tiny toes traversing the cold wooden floor of the hallway as quickly as they could manage. She could feel the sway of her hips and the undeniable presence of her plump ass shifting from left to right with each step. She winced as she quietly tiptoed past Nick's door. Her bladder was full - she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. 

Finally her dainty feet met the cold tile of the bathroom floor. She closed the door quietly and rushed to the toilet.

Alex - a creature of habit - stood in front of the toilet and reached for her penis. Her tiny hands met nothing, except empty air. Alex looked down, but the view of her crotch was immediately interrupted by her busty chest. She stood perplexed for a moment.

"Oh...Oh, yeah. Right." 

She lowered the toilet seat, turned around, curled her tail to the side, and squatted down. She felt her ass cheeks bulge tightly on the toilet seat. An odd feeling of expectation poured through her. 

She relaxed.

It flowed in a thick stream from between her legs - a fountain pouring from within, splashing into the water below like a small waterfall. Alex crooked her neck upward and moaned, leaning forward and spreading her thighs wider. It felt so amazing her eyes crossed. She let out a long groan of relief. She reached her hand below her to her smooth little pelvis and with a 'v' of her fingers, spread her lips wider, riding the waterfall beneath her as it gradually trickled away into nothing. 

"Oh thank goodness. I was about to explode." 

She sat for a moment. What next? 

"Oh...Oh, yeah. Right." She reached for the toilet paper. 

Before, when she was a man, she would've taken a crinkled mess in her hand, but she had the foresight to roll the paper smoothly around her tiny hand gracefully before bringing it to her pussy. She held her breath and patted herself dry. This simple action immediately took its place as the most surreal moment of her life. 

Her dick was gone. 

She swallowed and tried to remember what it looked like; what it felt like. She leaned forward and gazed at the small white diamond of fur on her pelvic mound and flexed the muscles of her pelvic floor. It certainly didn't feel like this. 

She remembered being erect, the full feeling in her balls, masturbating in front of her computer. She eyed her labia - her perfect pussy lips - wondering how she would she get her cock back. Would it burst from her lips like a phoenix from the ashes? She cupped her tits in her hands. And what about these? How would these massive tits disappear? Alex frowned and sat for a moment, considering all that had happened. Finally, she stood up, flushed the toilet, and stepped to the sink to brush her teeth.

What can be said about the woman that met Alex in the mirror? What words would do her beauty justice? 

Having been a man up to a few hours ago, Alex's gaze immediately locked on her luscious breasts, which sat pertly on her chest, round and firm. She realized quickly she was being a pig for staring. Blushing, she moved her glance upwards to her face, meeting her bright hazel eyes and looking into them. She blinked, and the flash of darkness jolted her mind to reality. 

This beautiful cowgirl wasn't a stranger. She was the woman in the mirror. Alex could stare all she wanted. 

She was gorgeous. Alex's tall, skinny frame had condensed into the petite but curvaceous frame of a beautiful female; luscious and thick where it mattered. She looked like the daughter her mother never had - but with an inviting coat of fur and curves defying even the best of her family genetics. 

Alex's eyes returned to her breasts. Her areoles were broad but perfectly proportioned, her nipples pink and thick. Alex traced the pink rings around her sensitive nipples with her thin fingers. The skin was soft. The pads of her fingers rolled over a smattering of small bumps - sebaceous glands that would create oil to keep her areolas and nipples protected. They would be especially vital if she ever nursed. Her gaze moved lower, taking in the rolling curves of her profile. She was a perfect hourglass. Alex shifted her weight to one leg, pushing a hip out, before continuing her assessment. 

Oh lord, those thighs. Tight and thick - the perfect balance of muscle and fat. And between them: A cute little mound where "it" was. 

Compact. Cute. Lips pressed together into a tight little crevice. Alex could make out the faintest bit of pink between her lips. The entire area was glazed in wetness. She swallowed. She really did have a perfect pussy. 

Alex was getting hard. She wanted to turn and hide her erection but quickly realized it was only a phantom sensation left behind from her old form; it dissolved into the feeling of her clit, pumping with her heartbeat. 

Alex turned to the side. Cute butt. Her tail swung back and forth happily. Involuntarily. Then, looking both ways to make sure no one was around, she bent over, lifted her tail, and looked over her shoulder. She could see her pussy lips in the shadow below her luscious ass cheeks. It glistened. Her tail continued to sweep back and forth, and rather than detracting from the beautiful image in the mirror, it made it all the more hotter. 

Alex swallowed, knowing full well that if she were still a man, and the cowgirl in the mirror bent over and lifted her tail offering herself to him, he would gladly comply, grab the tail hard, plunge into her depths, and fuck her over the sink, sending her breasts jiggling below her with each thrust.

Alex let out a panicked exhale and licked her lips. "I should...I should brush my teeth," she whispered softly. 

She swirled around and sent a shaky hand to her electric toothbrush. She gritted her teeth and brought the toothbrush up to her mouth. Then stopped. 

Alex smiled. Such a lovely smile. Such a friendly face. Alex had always looked like a bit of a grump. Now he was the cowgirl next door. 

She pierced her lips together. 

She went expressionless, slacking her jaw slightly. 

She stuck her tiny pink tongue out between her teeth and crossed her eyes.

She closed her mouth and turned to the side in a classy air.

The woman in the mirror was quite a character. 

Alex smiled. 

Alex groaned. "Okay, enough fooling around. It's not like this is a good thing. Brush your teeth, Alex." 

Alex rolled her eyes and pretended to respond with a petulant tsk. "Okay. If I have to." 

She turned on the electric toothbrush and brushed her teeth, never breaking eye contact with her doe-like, brown-eyed-girl gaze in the mirror. She crooked her neck at an angle like a dog and her hair bobbed on her shoulders. Alex sighed. The cowgirl in the mirror was magnetic. Cute. Accessible. 

Alex bent over to spit and her hair fell in her face. She stood up and tried again - holding her hair back and leaning over, breasts bobbing beneath her as she spit into the sink. Head up! Breasts swinging back into place against her torso. Even brushing her teeth felt new. 

Finally she was done. Alex turned the brush off, set it down. She cupped her hands, taking water from the sink into her dainty hands and bringing it to her lips to wash her mouth out. She spit again and returned to stare back at the girl in the mirror. She knew she should be panicking, but there was something calming about her presence. 

She stood there for ten minutes, turning, moving, taking in her image, pulling faces, before finally growing tired.

Alex tiptoed down the hallway and stopped at Nick's door. She could hear him breathing steadily, taken in sleep. She could feel his heat through the door. 

If he had any idea what was happening, would he flip out? What would he say? Would he think she was sexy? Alex took a deep breath and walked back to her bedroom, shut and locked door, slinked to her bed, and pulled her duvet over her body. 

"This is all so real. But it has to be a dream. Right? I'm drunk. Or high. Food poisoning? No, the pizza never made it from the floor to my mouth." She drowsily grasped for explanations. "Maybe there is some kind of electromagnetic interference in the power grid that is giving me hallucinations. Or...a gas leak in the house?"

Alex slipped out of bed and cracked the window just in case. She could smell the grass outside, lush and sweet. She stared out the window, her nipples growing hard in the breeze of cold night air. She crawled back into bed, turned to her side and curled her legs into herself. Her breasts bulged together comfortably. She pushed the tuft of her tail between her ankles, rubbed her tiny feet together, and gradually fell into a deep sleep.