 "Earth Day? Are you serious?" I heard my friend Eric's voice over the headset and my face fell. Once again here was the guilt trip. 

"We have to take care of the earth or it wont take care of us Marcus, don't you see?" I rolled my eyes and agreed, signing myself up for another lame day wandering through the forests doing nothing to improve it other then wandering around getting sweaty. Ah the wonders of friendship.

I got my hiking gear ready and walked through my house in search of something to make the day go by faster. I had a book, a Game boy, and my cell phone, so I knew I would have something to do at least. The State Park had some dense natural forests, but they were surrounded by barren land that used to be farm land and the soil was overworked. Now it was basically bare except the occasional scraggly bush. Teenagers came out there to party all the time so the ground was also covered in trash and old beer cans. It was hard to feel like you were doing something good for the environment when you knew that next week there would be another kegger and it would all be back.

When we got to the forest it was high noon, the sun was bright over head and the air was cool and moist, your typical April day. Eric met me at the forest, a dopey smile on his hippie face. He was so into helping the environment that he had no other life. I was his only friend who was loyal enough to be dragged out to the middle of nowhere to participate in something I barely gave a crap about.

We were given our instructions and split into groups. Group A Eric's group was supposed to scour the outer area and pick up trash, Group B which I was assigned to was supposed to go into the forest and pick up trash, help wild animals, and generally get in touch with nature. I hurried inside the green world of the forest and quickly found a place to relax far from the other workers.

I sat down next to a beautiful old tree, its roots forming a perfect seat and it's gnarled branches reaching high into the air. I could not have given a species if my life depended on it. I sat at the base of the tree and buried my nose in a book, some fantasy novel full of gorgeous women and tough but smooth men. It was boring the life out of me and it was only when I was startled awake that I realized I had dozed off. I looked at my watch immediately and realized it had only been a few minutes. Then I looked up in search of what had woken me.

I noticed a seed of some kind on my lap and looked up, only to realize I was looking up the skirt of a very gorgeous girl on the branch above my head. And I must say here there were no panties. I heard her giggle and I raised my eyes to her face and was in shock. She was young, obviously fully mature but petite, no older the eighteen or nineteen physically, though honestly if I hadn't of seen her eyes I might have guessed younger. She was small, no more then five foot and that was generous, and so delicately boned she couldn't have weighed more then 90 pounds. Yet she looked natural. She was wearing a gauzy gown of some material that shimmered in the light. One of her small pert breasts was mostly bared as the dress draped like a toga on her shoulders. Her hair was long and had a green tinge to it, though it could have been the color of the forest reflecting in the pale blond. 

She looked down at me with dark eyes and smiled, and her teeth seemed to be slightly sharper then they should have been, but I ignored that and jumped to my feet. There was something about her that had me stiffening, and it wasn't just the gorgeous up skirt. She radiated sex, from her pale skin to her dark eyes, something about her made my whole body tighten in anticipation. She jumped down from her tree branch and landed perfectly on her feet, her skirts fluttering up for a moment making me groan. She looked at me with curious eyes and walked around me still not speaking. She circled me like an animal would circle something new in its domain. 

"Hi, I'm Marcus, are you with the Earth Day crew?" I asked in vain, knowing that she wasn't like anyone else I had ever met. She wasn't normal and as I watched her stalk around me I picked up the details. She was obviously fully grown yet barely reached my chest. And I was only an inch over six foot. Her ears were mostly hidden in her hair yet the points stuck up through the top. Her teeth when she smiled were slightly sharper then normal teeth, and her cheekbones were high and gave her eyes a slight Asian cast. And when she finally spoke her voice sounded so natural, like birds and wind, or leaves fluttering. 

"I'm Pai, and no, I don't know anything about any Earth Day. What is this?" I smiled at her my breath hitching when she licked her lips, every glimpse of that moist mouth making my whole body vibrate. I had to get myself under control, yet I was smiling like an idiot.

"Uhm..well Earth Day is a holiday to celebrate the Earth. We go out and plant trees and clean up trash and stuff, give back to mother nature. I'm not all that into it, but my friend made me come." Her eyes brightened at the idea of giving back to mother nature. And I had a feeling she had a direct connection to the subject. 

"So you are here to make the forest happy? To make it bloom and be beautiful?" I nodded my head and she giggled as though she knew something I didn't. She stepped closer to me and her hands stroked across my chest as though feeling my muscles, her hands were long and thin and her nails were sharp. A chill that had nothing to do with cold made my cock twitch. 

"Pai...that's an interesting name, where are you from?" I was just making inane chatter, scared to act and find myself misinterpreting, though how I could be I didn't honestly know.

"I'm from here, this is my forest. My father said he called me Pai, because any man would. Pay that is. You want to make the forest happy?" Her head leaned into my neck and she nibbled on my ear, my whole body frozen. I was pretty sure she was entirely insane but the effect she had on me could not be ignored. 

"Yes, yes. I want to make...the forest happy. How?" I felt the answer coming but had to go along, had to work with her, no need to rush, though I felt that one brush of those long fingers over my cock and I would lose all semblance of control. 

"Then, fuck me Marcus, fuck me, and make the forest happy. Make it bloom." Though her words made no logical sense I could not say no, at her command I had her in my arms and my lips on hers. Her legs wrapped around my waist and I could feel her hot tight cunt rubbing against me. My hands roamed her body and explored every inch. Caressing her perfect tits my fingers pinched and rolled her hard nipples. My hips ground against hers loving the feeling of her hot and wet through my shorts. Her nails ran up and down my back bringing the occasional groan from me. I felt ready to burst but I lay her down on the forest floor and lay between her legs. 

Her cunt smelled like sunshine and flowers, and tasted of fresh nectar and honey. Men say things like this all the time, but on this occasion I was deadly serious. My tongue lapped between her folds tasting her, my whole body zinging with her every move, her every moan or gasp. My tongue circled her clit feeling her whole body tighten. I lapped long and short. I teased her clit and probed her cunt feeling her tight hot hole clench as my tongue flicked in and out. Her fingers grabbed at my hair and I tasted her as her whole body convulsed and she cried out, I tasted her cum on my lips and knew I needed her. My whole body was on fire and I would die if I wasn't touched soon. I stood above her and slipped my shorts down. My cock sprang out hard and long, the cool air not having the slightest effect. She looked up at me and smiled despite her whole body still shaking as she panted. She raised up on her knees and took me into her mouth.

Her lips closed around me and my mind went blank, I stared at the sky as her skilled tongue and fingers brought me so close to the edge. The trees seemed somehow greener and the sky seemed brighter as though the sun had come closer to watch. Her teeth scraped my cock and I jumped my whole body stiffening as I tried to keep from cumming. Once I regained my composure I looked down and my hands tangled in that gorgeous hair. My hips thrust into her mouth slowly feeling her tongue slide against me feeling her throat close, and then harder needing to feel her her throat around my cock. I slid out fast and bent down and kissed her. I pushed her back into the leaves and lay on top of her. I could feel the heat from her cunt and I rubbed the tip of my cock against her until she opened to me, her whole body begging, and I thrust in. In one long thrust I buried myself inside her and we both cried out. She was so tight tears sprang to my eyes and I had to hold still to keep from shaming myself. I lapped at her nipples as I remained very still inside her, nipping and suckling until she began to move her hips against me. At the feel of her tight cunt sliding around me I lost myself and began to thrust. 

I became an animal for a moment, rutting as surely as any dog. My cock pierced her over and over as I heard her cry out. But I could not stop or consider anything for a moment, just the exquisite feeling of her tightness. I thrust harder and harder and finally I regained enough of myself to reach down and stroke her clit, obviously she had been close because no sooner had I began to stroke her then she cried out her cunt spasming around me and her teeth biting into my neck. This was the final straw for me I thrust hard and fast feeling myself let go and I came hard inside her my whole body shaking as I spurted again and again with each stroke. 

I collapsed next to her my whole body limp and hot and once again I noticed the forest looked greener and more lush. I closed my eyes for a second and I heard her whisper in my ear.

"Thanks for pleasing me, you made the forest happy." I looked up and she was gone. I sat up quickly and looked around then got to my feet pulling my shorts up and running around in circles but no sign of her. I stopped and caught my breath and realized I must have dozed off and she took off. I ignored the logical part of my brain that said my cock was still wet with her juices and hadn't even gone fully soft yet, I convinced myself that it was just a random fling or maybe just my imagination, and checked my watch. I realized nearly two hours had passed since I came into the woods and the groups would be getting together for a lunch break. I started to walk towards the edge of the forest following a well worn path.

The forest was bright green and warm, and all kinds of flowers burst into life around me, I wondered how I hadn't noticed them before. I got to the edge of the forest and I finally realized something odd was going on. The large stretch of barren ground was now green and here and there were the occasional fruit tree in full bloom some even carrying ripe fruit. The nature group stood here and there staring about in shock. But I knew right then. I had made the forest happy. I took care of mother nature, and she definitely took care of me.