 "Ohhhh, momma!"

Maggie stopped in the narrow hallway of the party house and snatched her friend's wrist. She waited for a moment, listening. A strand of brunette hair fell loose from her bun and dangled in front of her hazel eyes. She combed it behind her ear. "Tulip, did you hear that?"

At Maggie's right stood a tan girl with a dark curly pixie hairstyle. She heightened a brow. "Yeah..."

They both turned to the door on their left, inched closer.

"Ooooo, momma!" the male voice groaned again.

The girls jumped back and looked at each other in a mixture of shock and glee.

"Should we..." Maggie flicked her eyebrows in excitement.

"No..." Tulip started to turn way but spun right back. "Yeah!"

The two friends eased even closer. Maggie grabbed the door handle and turned it ever so gently. The door creaked open, and they snuck a peek through the slit.

The light was on, ceiling fan on a low twirl. Just below, a young man knelt on the foot of the king-sized bed. He was completely naked: thin shredded torso and average veiny erection. His arms were stretched wide, as though tied to the walls by an invisible rope.

Maggie and Tulip whipped their heads to one another before withdrawing their iPhones.

"It's Joss." Maggie flipped to her camera and video-recorded the scene.

"What the hell is he doing?" Tulip asked while typing a text. "They have to see this."

"Ah—grrhhhh!" Joss trembled and threw his head back. He appeared to be pulling against the invisible binds. His body locked up. His face became red, but the head of his cock turned a deep purple. He quaked as a stream of ejaculate shot across the room and splattered the chest-of-drawers.

"Oh shit..." Maggie's eyes broadened.

Tulip glanced up from her text. "What happened?"

"Ever heard of Pompeii?" Maggie held Joss in the frame of her iPhone. Semen dripped from the tip of his cock, left a gooey white trail across the carpet, and dribbled down the dresser drawers. The sight briefly entranced Maggie, but she wagged her head and turned to her friend. "Don't worry. I got it."

A buzz of whispers sounded from down the hall just as a herd of people came around the corner. With plastic cups in their hands, filled with frothy booze, they approached Maggie and Tulip. Their voices hushed into soft whispers.

Once they gathered around, Maggie counted down with her hand. "One... two... three!" She swung the door open and rushed inside with the crowd on her heels.

The invisible ropes released Joss. His arms flopped to his sides. He hunched forward, catching his breath. As the party-goers ridiculed him, he just lay still while staring off into space. He didn't care to acknowledge anyone or scramble for his clothes.

People filed in, one after another. They giggled, snapped photos, and murmured about the popular boy's predicament.

A gold cube, the size of a baseball, materialized in thin air. The device dropped to the carpet and rolled against Tulip's cognac dress boot.

"What the hell?" Tulip picked the cube up. She checked over each shoulder, at the crowd, but no one seemed to notice the object but her. Their full attention was on Joss. After giving it a quick look, Tulip stuffed the cube in her purse.

***

"What the hell is that?"

On a brown leather sofa, Tulip fidgeted with the gold cube. "I don't know, like a Rubik's cube I guess? I saw it in that room Joss was in."

People congested the large dining room of the party house, in their separate huddles. A few stragglers staggered through, spilling their beer on the carpet. Chatter filled the air, along with heavy bass from an upbeat song in the background.

From a loveseat across from Tulip, Maggie narrowed her gaze on the device. She raised her voice over the crowd noise and music. "Looks more ancient, valuable. You better go put it back."

"It was on the floor..." Tulip rotated the cube's left side. It clicked as it moved. "...can't be that valuable."

"Let me see." Maggie leaned on the edge of her seat and snatched the cube from Tulip.

"Hey!"

"Just give me a sec, will ya?" Maggie started turning the puzzle piece every which way. It made a rattling click and then a high-pitched ding. She paused, looked to Tulip. "Did I do it?"

"Lemme see." Tulip grabbed part of the cube, but Maggie clamped down on the other half. As they both tugged for control, a bright light emitted from the device, blinding them. Tulip couldn't see, but she could feel her hands and ankles being separated by some force. Once restrained, the light faded. She looked to her wrists, ankles, bound with chain and spread in the air. She then turned to her left and noticed Maggie in the same position.

The room almost glowed from the white walls, fluffy carpet. Even the chains, which cuffed them, appeared ivory. The air held a fresh linen aroma. Directly across the room, two pale beings levitated through the doorway, followed by a cool breeze. The male had a bald conehead and wore a long white leather trenchcoat. The woman behind him was bald as well in a white leather corset.

"Who-oo are ya-you?" Maggie asked with a fearful stammer. "Wha-where are we?"

"You are in a room, in a labyrinth," the male said. "We are inter-dimensional beings known as Sexobites. I am Pen."

"Pen is head," the pasty woman uttered.

"Penis-head?" Maggie asked.

"Pen. Head of the Sexobites, leader." Pen stared holes through Maggie for the insult. 

Tulip tugged against the chains. "How did we get here?"

"You unlocked the pleasure configuration," Pen said. 

"The what?" Maggie creased her brows.

Pen gestured to the golden cube floating in thin air, just feet from them.

"It was an accident," Maggie said. "I didn't mean to—"

"Do you think I'm here to hurt you?" Pen hovered to Maggie's side. "No. I'm here to give you immense pleasure."

"B-but I have a boyfriend," Tulip said.

"Oh, my, you have a boyfriend?" Pen glanced to the female Sexobite. "Fem, she has a boyfriend."

A smile grew across Fem's deathly pale face. She then giggled, which turned into a loud cackle.

"Ahhh-ha." Maggie chortled along with the Sexobites in hopes of defusing the situation. She motioned with her head for Tulip to join in as well.

"Ah-ha, ha, ha..." Tulip laughed with little enthusiasm.

The Sexobites laughter—Maggie included—reached a fevered pitch.

Pen suddenly stopped. His face relaxed, losing all animation. He leered upon Tulip and said, "This has nothing to do with your boyfriend. He will continue to do what boyfriend's do, keeping you company on lonely nights. Isn't that what relationships are all about? He will do what he does, and we will do what we do." He squared his shoulders and snapped his fingers.

Maggie and Tulip's clothes came alive. The articles removed themselves from the girls' bodies.

Tulip's boots unzipped. She twirled her ankles, hoping to keep them on, but they flung off her feet, along with her socks. Her tan feet were small with short toes painted maroon. Her belt slithered out from the loops of her skin-tight jeans. The ivory chains slacked around her ankles as her buttons unfastened. Her pants shimmied down her plump ass, thighs, and calves. The chains released her legs briefly for the jeans to fall to the carpet. Her black thong followed, inching down from her bald pussy. The article crawled across the floor like a caterpillar. The chains tightened around her ankles and spread her legs wide once again. The binds then loosened around her wrists, allowing her shirt and bra to move out of one arm and then the other. Her humble perky breasts, small dark areolas, shook as she fought with the chains.

As with Tulip, Maggie's ivory binds worked in tandem with the removal of her clothes. Her retro Sho'nuff tee inched up her ribcage and then over her head. Her voluptuous bell-shaped breasts, pink nipples, plopped out. Her holey jeans slid down her legs, red panties trailed. Her pussy was shaved to the brown stubble. Her tennis shoes unlaced, shot off her narrow feet along with her socks. Her long toes decorated with a French pedicure.

The friends hung completely naked, stretched out by the chains in a spread eagle.

Pen's sight settled on Tulip. He grasped her bony right ankle. His eyes drifted up her unblemished, sun-kissed legs and to her juicy center. His fingers lightly grazed the soft sole of her foot.

"Uh!" A moan spilled out of Tulip's mouth before she could stop herself. Her mind floated, body tingled with a heavy, dull sensation as though intoxicated by the atmosphere. She looked to Maggie, who matched her wide eyed expression.

"Yes, yes." Pen massaged Tulip's foot, dug his thumb into the arch. "You'll both love it here."

"Ooo..." Tulip clenched her jaw. Her eyes briefly rolled, but she wagged her head, correcting her vision.

"Tulip?" Maggie arched a brow.

"I'm sor—I can't—Oo!" Tulip shivered. Pen's fingertips, now, strummed against the ball of her foot. She curled her maroon painted toes, stretched them, and then clenched again. She shook in the restraints.

Pen snapped his fingers, and the chains responded by lifting Tulip's foot to his mouth. He commenced to sucking her toes. His tongue tickled between the spaces, down her arch, and over her heel. His lips continued from there down her calf, along her warm inner thigh.

As his tongue parted her, Tulip quivered. She thrust her hips up, shoving her pussy in his mouth. Her breasts rose and fell heatedly. Her brown nipples stiffened.

Fem made her way to Maggie, effortlessly hovering above the floor. As she passed Maggie's side, Fem brushed her fingers across the sole of Maggie's slender foot.

"Hah..." Maggie airily moaned and wiggled her French pedicure toes. She gnawed on her bottom lip while following Fem's fingertips up her leg.

Just as Fem made contact with Maggie's nub, Fem stopped and stepped away. She snapped her fingers, and the chains lowered Maggie to the carpet, on her back. They tightened once more, spreading Maggie's limbs out wide. On the baseboard along the wall, the tiny door of a mouse hole opened and a long thick dildo entered the room.

Maggie gulped. The rubber cock extended to her pussy. The head vibrated on her vulva, scattering her thoughts and tickling her body all the way to her toes. "Oh-wo-wo!" Each thrust, each connection, pushed out a faint whine. "Oo-oo-oo!"

Half of the white wall opened behind Tulip, and a saddle-like machine slid underneath her. The ivory chains lowered Tulip on top, and she straddled the bulky device like a horse. It started with a low rumble, vibrating against Tulip's pussy. The tickle in her crotch caused her lip to curl. Her tan, perky breasts trembled with the machine. Her brown nipples became rock solid. An intense itch grew inside her center, and she gyrated against the saddle in hopes of scratching it.

Pen cupped Tulip's breasts in both hands and showed affection to her taut dark nipples.

The ride became bumpy for Tulip. The sensation caused her to lurch forward, and then backward, but the chains kept her in place. She tried to appear enigmatic, but her expression contorted in flashes. Her face tensed, softened, and then tensed again. Her eyes drifted off before refocusing back on Pen. The tingling pressure built until she couldn't contain it anymore. She strained and came all over the machine, making the ride slippery. The rhythm in her hips faltered. She pressed her pussy firmly against the vibration. Her round ass dimpled, quaked. "Fa-fa-fa-fa—Oh!"

At Tulip's side, Maggie's machine stopped. The dildo retracted. Slick from her juices, the rubber cock glinted under the overhead lights. The chains flipped Maggie to her hands and knees. She looked over her shoulder as the arm of the dildo raised and targeted her pussy. She turned back, eyeing the far wall, and swallowed hard as it entered her with a jolt. She bucked. Fingers clawed at the carpet.

While the machine picked up speed, Fem reached under Maggie and massaged the top of Maggie's clit.

Maggie's body involuntarily lunged forward again. Her large breasts swayed. She huffed, hunched. Her top half flopped to the soft carpet.

With her free hand, Fem snapped her fingers. The chains pulled on Maggie's wrists, lifting her back up. Fem cradled Maggie's head against her breasts in a motherly way. "Moan for me, my dear."

With watery eyes, Maggie stared at the white wall across the room. The dildo tickled her insides so intensely that it wrenched her face. She pointed her toes, wrinkling her soles, and pushed the top her feet into the carpet.

Fem snapped her fingers. The chains slacked. The machine stopped.

Not holding up her own weight, Maggie crumpled face-first to the carpet. She sprawled across the floor, her body convulsing. But as she caught her shaky breath, the chains flipped her to her back again.

"Release yourself..." Fem snapped her fingers. The chains picked Maggie's legs straight in the air, ankle to ankle. The dildo machine started once again.

"Eee..." Maggie said softly. With her thighs pressed together, each thrust seemed to add more vibration. Her pussy tingled along with her head. Her face twisted, softened, twisted, and softened. A prickling wave of pleasure swept over her, forcing out a moan. "Eehhhh-yeaaaah!"

The dildo pumped faster.

Maggie arched her back off the floor, the crown of her head almost entirely on the carpet. She curled her long toes as a prickle crawled up her thighs and exploded in her center. "Eeee—Yes! Gaaaahhhhhh!!" She grunted with force, relieving herself all over the dildo.

Tulip slouched over the saddle-machine as the vibration rattled her to the core. She breathed heavily, blinked incessantly to clear the black dots in her sight. Her head spun. Her pussy was swollen, drenched. "Fuck!" she shrilled, exposing her surprise. She was broken, like she'd never been before. "Uggghhhhh! Fa-fa-fuckkkkk!" She spilled out, verbally and physically. She squirted all over the saddle, which took the life out of her.

The chains released her.

Upon crashing to the carpet, Tulip didn't move. She lay still, naked, sprawled across the carpet. Her dark hair was disheveled. Every portion of her sweaty body tingled, vibrating—the aftereffects of a bumpy ride. She just breathed, wiggled her toes and fingers, and calmed her mind. Her wits were coming back, little by little. The remnants of the body-wilting orgasm slowly faded.

"Tulip?" a voice called out, followed by giggles. "Maggie?"

The girls awoke from their shaken trance: Maggie sat up to her knees while blinking the blur from her vision. Tulip just looked up, her face drained of color.

In the living room of the party house, people crowded around the naked girls. The observers fanned their cheeks, snapped pictures, and giggled at Maggie and Tulip's expense.

With everyone's attention on Maggie and Tulip, the golden cube materialized in thin air and fell to the carpet. The object rolled into a party-goer's shoe. The petite ebony girl bent down and picked the device up. She ogled at it while saying under her breath, "What the hell is this?"