 I could smell her, and her scent was exquisite. She was wet and willing and I could tell all of this without the sense of touch or sight. This fiery headed enchantress knows exactly what she wants. I can smell her attraction to me just as easily as I can smell what type of shampoo she used or what perfume she was wearing on our luxurious night out on the town. I can smell very well; one of the perks. By the time my key was in the door, it didn't take long to get things moving.

Such as it is at this time, I had her back against the wall just inside the walk way to my apartment. Her mouth searched for mine a mere step into the door, her arms wrapped around my neck in a firm embrace. She was most definitely a good kisser, her tongue pushed just enough to be forceful and but not enough to block off my airway. Her hand cupped my bulge with a forceful squeeze to get me to attention. Not that it would have mattered, I wanted her very much and it showed. In anyway and every way I wanted this beauty, except I needed her in another way as well, needed something inside her. But before I could get to it, before it was ready for me, I needed this redheaded vixen to cum.

She is 5'7" with a slight build and pale features commonly associated with the redhead persuasion. This one in particular, I can tell she lives for the evening more than any. Her skin shows no signs of attempted tanning. She does have all the signs of a woman who knows that her bust is just slightly bigger than those of her size and an ass rounded to perfection. She was graceful, had an air of exquisiteness with a hint of 'slut' that makes you feel you were lucky to get near her at all. Her dress, a classic black, but with a slit along the right side almost up to crotch, had caused me annoyance all night to no end. Shadows all night, in the right places kept the secret that lay there hidden; which I am going to change soon. She portrays a sexual confidence and appetite, leaking lust into the air and on her way to oozing it all over me. 

Her hands push my sports jacket off and in the blink of an eye she shreds my shirt off my body. She plays the aggressor and I let her, knowing who will be the hunter at the end of the night. My back foot hits the other side of the wall, where I lean into the wall. Only three feet from the bedroom and I can tell that she feels no need to get there. She seems very much content to stay where we are. She breaks the kiss and a lovely smile comes across her face, as her body decides to dance to an inner beat of its own. A low growl escapes my lips as she brings her nails down my chest sharply, her nails digging into my flesh; leaving small lines trailing down my body, before leaning back against the cool wall. Her body sways seductively as her emerald eyes stare into my own azure colored. Knowing she will appreciate the attention, I watch as her body moves provocatively, paying attention as her hands slide upward, the thin material of her dress a second skin against her body. Exciting the situation, she palms each of her breasts and squeezes them together, showing off her ample cleavage. 

She leans into my body, while sliding a strap off her shoulder, letting bare a firm ivory breast with a rosy colored nipple. The other strap falls and the reveals the exquisite landscape of her body as the thin material of the dress shimmers down her skin like flowing water. The final mystery of the evening is revealed when I realize the shadows and glimpses I had caught hint of all night didn't lie; she had chosen to wear nothing underneath it all! I leaned forward, seizing the moment, reaching behind the small of her back with a searching hand and forcing her to lean into me. I bent lower and placed the tip of her breast into my mouth. Directing my other hand to slide between her legs, which she willingly opened, I tease her delicate nipple with the tip of my tongue before grazing my teeth across them. As I do this, I spread her nether lips and slide a finger into her folds, feeling for the first time, how wet she was, instead of smelling her. She was tight and hot, and I wanted her badly. Barely able to reign in the passion, I bite down on the succulent breast in my mouth that caused her to gasp with the sharp slightly painful sensation I was looking for. She chose to not notice that the bite was sharper than it should have been as I took that moment to push a second finger into her. Spreading her out and moving in and out with a steady pattern, I looked up into her eyes that were now with heavy with lust, as she looked back into mine. 

With the aggression in my court, I removed my fingers from her soft, wet folds and licked them clean in front of her, while my other hand played with her tight nipples. I grabbed her waist and lifted her up, her legs automatically wrapping around my waist as I turned around and pushed her back against the wall. Her hands went between us and found my zipper, dropped it and reached in and grabbed what she wanted most at this moment. Her hand wrapped around it, finger tip to finger tip with about an inch of space between her nails, she does a few habitual jerks making my penis even harder before she pushes it between her legs. Her nether lips slick with her juices, soak me as they slide down my length showing me how fucking tight her snatch is. As I slide in, I decide to take this to a different level as her hands wrap around my neck. I lift one of her legs higher around my waist and then shove forward, going full in to my balls, the thrust preparing her for the pounding that I am about to give her. I can feel her hot breath on my neck as her gasps escape her mouth. My mouth is buried into her neck as I trace small thin razor lines in her flesh, not breaking the skin. To early, I tell myself as the crashing of our waists together can be heard as she is slammed into the wall. I keep pushing upward into her, piercing deep into her cunt with my meat. Her breaths start to come out in gasps. The impassioned look on her face tells me that she likes where this has gone. 

I drop her legs and pull out momentarily turning her around eagerly, her pale flesh almost melding into the off white walls of my place. I move in to take her from the rear, her succulent bottom sticking out oh so very tempting. She reaches behind her and grabs my rigid cock firmly guiding it to her hole. Surprising me a little, she guides it to another hole. She guides my head to her firm little bum hole instead. Her steady grasp places my cock head resting at the opening. I can feel a high tension in the air as I wait for her to push back on her own. I decide to let her take this part at her own pace, letting her violate her self on my unyielding rod. It's not long before I realize she is a girl who likes it this way as she slowly sheathes my member with her bum. She urges the head till it breaks past the first tight ring of muscle and into the first void before deciding to plunge hard back into me. Burying me to the hilt, a combined cry of temporary pain and bliss escapes from her mouth, muffled and low as her face is pressed against the solid wall. This warm orifice, is even tighter than her other one. Not caring how she cums or with what, I thank who ever is listening in the darkness that she was wet enough for me to ravish her brown hole, or it would have been even more discomforting. Not sure if it would been more ache for me or for her but with her cunt juices over my cock it doesn't matter. I reach around her slim waist and slide my fingers between her labia, penetrating with my two fingers while my thumb rubs and strokes her clit in a quickening manner. I am purposely trying to push her over the edge so that I can please her in every way. She tells me she wants me to cum in her ass, her voice heavy and barely a whisper above the other sounds of pleasure coming from her lips. I know she is close to orgasm. I take this moment to tap a little more firmly on her clit, taking her mind off such a trivial thing. A gentle smile spreads across my face that she can't see... a slight sad one that as much as I would love to, cumming for my self isn't what I am after. 

The pace quickens and I can feel her anal muscles start to pulse around my cock while her pussy drips viscous like fluid down my hand and her thighs. I ram all the way in, bottoming out inside her depths as her soft tits are crushed into the cold wall. Her orgasm hits her like a cannon ball in the gut, one of those deep orgasms coming from three places at once. Her screams of pleasure escape in quick rapid cries as I lean into her quivering form. At the very moment of release I take what I desire. My incisors thin like needles drop sharply into her skin, sharp as a razor blade they sink in just enough to reach that plateau of pain transformed into pleasure. At the intrusion her orgasm scorches through her body, her heart pounding inside her as I sip the crimson nectar I have been waiting for. Her legs give out as her body spasms around my enclosed manhood, I catch her and let her fall with me to the floor. Her blood rich in her ecstasy, charged with her release satiates my unnatural hunger with the pure pleasure of it, of the giving and consuming the apex. With this one it doesn't take much from her to sate my hunger and I release my hold from her skin and let her rest for a moment in my arms. Her breath heavy and even, her well-formed chest rising and falling, I take a moment to appreciate the pleasing and beautiful woman before me. The soft tips of her rosy like nipples, the hair as if it's aflame, and her deep green eyes behind half closed eye lids. A soft sheen of perspiration glows off her skin after such a climax, a thing of pure gratification that only enhances her porcelain beauty. 

I lift her up in my arms as I move to the bedroom and carefully lay her down on silken sheets. I sit on the bed and take a moment to remove what is left of my clothing, unconcerned with the young delicate woman now asleep. I take a moment to wonder if I am alone, in my unique desires and needs. I have never met another as I and often wondered what exactly I am. I chuckle figuring it all doesn't matter. I enjoy it. It's not like I kill my partner such as the highly media sized version of me and yet I really can't do it unless I please my partner in the most carnal of ways. The incisions disappear by morning and I often enjoy another lovely tryst with them before they leave, normally more conventional than the night before. What more can any mid twenties guy want? 

I lay down next to her and close my eyes to the darkness. I think I saw something in my mythology class once about Incubus, though I really don't devour anyone, but the need for sexual appetite definitely fits. Such is my life, no idea how or why but I really don't care. It's a dark life but not a bad one, and I must say I do take pleasure in the darkness.