 Raric found her on the balcony.

He stared out at her through the double doors and saw her resting in the lounge and waiting for him...always waiting for him. He pressed his hand against the glass and swallowed as the familiar feeling rose in his cock as he looked at her.

The night air was still warm and lifted her pale blond hair, lifting the ends as if teasing them before they fell back into place. It stirred her silver robe and flipped the thin material open and over her bare hip. He feasted hungrily on the long limber leg that had been hidden underneath. She stretched, her mouth pursing in a little round o as she settled against the cushions.

He punched in the numbers on the keypad and the doors slid open. He took a deep breath and stepped out onto the balcony, which was little more than a large square roof that jutted out from his apartment. Raric was afraid of heights though he told no one, and it scared him to death when she would walk to the edge and stare down, only to turn and offer him that coy smile. Raric knew the security gridiron protected her, but it wasn't visible, and he only trusted in things he could see with his own two eyes.

He had to admit that from this height his city of H'trae was beautiful. The massive buildings stood high above the waters, their lights glittering like golden jewels suspended in the black landscape. Aside from the boats, the waters went on forever with nothing in sight but the sky and the twin moons, Arkanic and Acshanic that dwelled there. They illuminated the balcony and cast their shadows over the chair and upon the stone he stood on.

Raric went to her and sat down on the edge of the chair. At his approach she opened her eyes and smiled. It still amazed him how perfect she was, shaped exactly as he desired with everything in the right place. Her lips were full and pale pink, and he loved the feel of them on his skin. Raric closed his eyes, remembering the other night when she wrapped her lips around his cock, stroking his shaft with velvety softness until he filled her mouth with his seed.

"Good evening darling."

He smiled at her. "Good evening Zara." 

He wondered sometimes how he could desire her and yet despise her at the same time. It was ludicrous that he could hate her when she was so suited to him, but there were times he wished he'd never laid eyes on her. 

She yawned and the husky mewing sound parted her lips as he looked down on her. She reached up and stroked his cheek with cool fingers he took as an invitation. He was leaving for work and would be gone two weeks, leaving her alone. 

"Raric, why do you look at me so?"

"Like what?" 

She studied his face intently. "As if you are in conflict. Sometimes I think you are still afraid of me."

"I've never been afraid of you Zara."

"I don't mean physically," she laughed. "You fear the idea of me. I know you desire me but do you care for me, truly?"

"I care for you very much, otherwise you wouldn't be in my home."

"Yet where else would I possibly be?" she demanded. She slid over on the lounge chair. "Lay next to me Raric, there's plenty of room."

He stretched out beside her and being so close he felt his heart begin to beat faster, especially when she ran her fingers along his pant-covered leg. She knew how to affect him; even from the first time he saw and touched her.

"I'm going tomorrow Zara," he told her quietly.

"I know," she told him simply. "I shall miss you."

"No you won't."

"I know you like to hear it just the same," she said. 

"Yes I do."

Zara trailed her hand along his thigh, her skilled fingers stroking him and the heat from her touch rose. When she grazed his hardening cock Raric groaned.

"Yes my love," she purred. She gripped his cock through his pants as her other hands untied the flimsy robe. It slid down her body like silk and exposed her soft, naked flesh. She took his hand and moved it to her body, forcing his fingers to trace a line in between her breasts.

Her fingers burned him and made him weak. Each time she tried to draw him in deeper and loosen the restraint he tried to hold onto.

"Don't deny yourself Raric," she said softly. "I am here to bring you pleasure." She undid his pants and the zipper slid down effortlessly as his cock sprang from its prison. She wrapped her hand it, squeezing just hard enough to make him groan, and knowing he would soon abandon his pretenses of being cool and unaffected.

Zara trained her eyes on his face as she began to stroke him, her hand sliding languidly up and down his shaft and rubbing her thumb overtop of his balls. She knew how to knock down the wall he often put between them and suddenly she rose over him and deftly undid the buttons of his linen shirt. With a bit of force she pressed him against the chair and tasted his bare skin, moving her tongue over his nipples and down the center of his chest and belly.

'Zara!" he said, his voice thick with desire. "Please."

"Doing as you ask my love," she said, her tongue and mouth pleasing him as she moved down his body and crouched in front of him. She looked into his eyes and opened her mouth and began to suck him, taking him slow and deep and stroking her fingers over his balls. 

His mind swirled hazily underneath Zara's trained mouth. He wanted to take her and press her against the lounge and fuck her. She did this to him every time. She took his control and shot holes in it until he couldn't hold back. He knew he could never let her go. He let her suckle him and felt the slow rise of his cum up his shaft but he needed to taste her. Raric pulled away.

"Come up here Zara," and she crawled back next to him. In one swift motion he was over her, straddling her and claiming her mouth. She kissed him deeply, letting his tongue work furiously against hers as his fingers ran down her belly nearing the place where she ached. He heard her breath quicken as he fingered her moistened slit.

"Need more?" he asked her and she nodded, her body responding and she opened her legs to give him entrance.

"Tell me."

"More...more lover," she gasped as she clutched at him but he pushed her hands away. He was in control now and pressed her against the chair as his fingers danced over her belly. He traced a slick path over her lips and chin and down the slender arch of her throat until he took her nipple in his mouth. She moaned as he slid a finger deep inside her and then back to her sensitive clit as he had done many times before. She knew how much pleasure it gave him to touch her this way and how soon he would settle between her legs and thrust his cock into her...but not until she was close to the edge.

Raric worked his mouth down her body, tasting the other nipple and then sampling the skin of her belly. She smelled lovely, a mixture of vanilla and the summer breeze. He wanted to devour her, to suck her into his mouth and the feeling overwhelmed him. He made a deep noise in the back of his throat and took her pussy. Zara shouted out as he suckled her swollen nub.

"Raric!" she whimpered, her eyes wide as she bucked underneath him. Raric smiled. She was out of control now, and only he could satisfy her. She ground her pussy against his mouth and he complied, licking and sucking at her and his mind intent on taking her just a little further. For a brief hazy moment he wondered if anyone could see or hear them, but the truth was he no longer cared. Knowing he was making Zara scream, knowing she was mad with desire made him potent, powerful. There was no better feeling in the world.

"Don't make us wait any longer!" Zara rasped. "Fuck me, Raric!"

He rose above her and he felt her legs slip around his waist. She bucked at him with her pussy and pleaded with him to enter her. Raric grunted and pushed roughly into her opening. The sudden rush of pleasure knocked the breath out of him, and Raric closed his eyes, his body shuddering as Zara whimpered underneath him.

"More Raric!" she cried. "Please don't stop!"

"Oh God," He moaned. He put his hands on her hips and pulled her closer. Her skin was dewy and soft, and he plunged deeper, his thrusts slick and fast as he fought desperately for control. He needed her to come first, to be drenched in her searing wetness.

She linked her arms around his neck and pulled him to her, knowing him so well that he needed to feel her lips as he stabbed into her. She squeezed her muscles around his cock and they moved in perfect rhythm.

"Tell me you love me," he said roughly.

"I love you," she said breathlessly. 

He thrusted harder knowing he was close but needing her to cum with him. He reached between them and found her sensitive nub and began rubbing it hard and fast. He felt her tighten and with a few more thrusts she was exploding, her wet heat coating the head of his cock. 

"Oh god, I'm coming," he grunted and with a final thrust the stars exploded in his head as he pulsed inside her and filled her with his cum. Over and over he jerked as she clung to him and they stayed that way until their breathing slowed and they were calm once more. 

Finally he led her inside where they washed each other tenderly and laid damp on the bed. He pulled a sheet across them and he fell into a sated sleep. The next morning he woke and smiled at the way her nipples were peeking out of the sheet. He dressed and packed his things and went to the kitchen to make coffee, except it was already hot and a muffin was wrapped on the plate. She had everything ready.

She came out to the kitchen in her robe and said good morning.

"Thank you Zara," he said quietly. "You always know exactly what I need."

She smiled. "Of course I do."

She followed him to the door as he was leaving and offered one more lingering kiss as he held her tightly. He put on his jacket and turned to her again, reaching up to her neck and holding her place. Then with a quick flip of the skin cap, he shut her off.