 Lieutenant Ray Levigne walked through the large steel doors into the hangar. Sometimes she told people it was spelled "Raye" to make it sound more feminine, but when the military sews your name on your clothes, they insist on using the legal spelling. She looked up with wonder at the ship in the center. It was the latest in twenty-fourth century technology. It had been assembled here on Pluto from parts made on Mars. She had been reading the files on the Pluribus on her trip out here to the Pluto Interstellar Port. Its FTL drive was capable of 0.15 lightyears per hour without taxing its system beyond normal wear and tear, and within systems its traditional propulsion could manage ten million mph easily. It was a state of the art craft, and she couldn't believe she was going to take it on a solo mission! "The first human to travel to a specific set of five solar systems in our arm of the galaxy" didn't exactly roll off the tongue, but she still felt like a trailblazer. She was following in the footsteps of Yuri Gagarin, Neil Armstrong, Mona Peterson, Raj Ranganathan, and Huwei Hsu. It was heady stuff. She was ready for it though. She was, perhaps, uniquely qualified for this mission. It's not that she was the best at any one thing, but she was very well-rounded. Athletic, smart, social, and calm under pressure—if she did say so herself. 

Her reverie was interrupted by her CO, Colonel Paulsen. It was getting late after all. "Get to quarters, Levigne. Takeoff at o-seven hundred tomorrow, unless you want to skip it and let the Eris team get a headstart..." 

"Hell no, Colonel. How am I supposed to sleep, though? Maybe I'll read over the reports some more."

"I'm not your nursemaid, Lieutenant, but you'll have plenty of time to do that on the way there. My advice is shut your eyes and try to stay up. That never fails to put me to sleep. Either way, though, you've got to leave the hanger. Prep team needs to get started."

She turned away from the ship. The Colonel would've been a father figure to her if her own father hadn't been filling that role in her life. As it was she respected him immensely. He was almost sixty, but apart from a bit of torso padding he was in impeccable shape for a twenty year old. His mind had lost none of its sharpness over the years either. He may have been more than thirty years older than her, but he was every bit as capable and energetic as she was. "Aye, aye, cap'n!" she said with a smirk and a salute on her way out the door.

"Last straw, Levigne! You're off this rock—first thing in the morning!" he shouted down the hall after her, "I've had it with your insubordination!"

She laughed as she walked in the door to her quarters. It was a restless night as she thought about what lay ahead.

••••••••••••••••••

The takeoff had gone off without a hitch, and Ray found herself settling in for the nearly two-week trip to the first planet in the files. As she calmed down from the hectic pace of the takeoff, she reflected on the sequence of events that had led her here. 

She had enrolled in the MACOS program right out of high school, thinking she would join one of the colonies in one of the Centauri systems. They had been humanity's first interstellar destination, more than a century ago. There were half a dozen planets across those systems that could support life. Two of them, Proxima-3 and Proxima-4, already had non-intelligent life. Those had small colonies, but were mostly scientific outposts. The other four had been terraformed. The process takes decades, but Beta C-3 had been settled for twenty years now. They had sent probes out to many other nearby systems, and found many more planets that could support life. Most of them would need to be terraformed, but quite a few already had life. Seven of them even had evidence of intelligent life. That was where she was going. After the discovery had been announced, most of the people with actual knowledge and expertise had urged that humanity leave them alone, but there had been a public movement to reach out to them. Demagogues had run on the "We need to meet the aliens" platform. Of course, Ray had only heard about these current events from the news dispatches she received here in the outer system. She had volunteered for the MACOS program as soon as it was created. Who wouldn't want to meet an alien?

The data from these planets varied greatly in quantity and quality. She pulled out the files on her first stop. Nereid-4 was probably the planet that had the most data available to her, because the civilization there was the most advanced, as far as they knew. They had been sending out radio waves for some time before the humans' probe even arrived. They even had television, which is how Ray knew what they looked like. They were cave dwellers. The planet had high geological activity, and was very warm for its distance from the sun, especially in the caves. In the images the probe had captured, the Nereidians were shockingly humanoid, but with very smooth, light blue skin, and no hair at all. The male and female she was looking at were wearing sheer silvery robes, loose on the body. She could see the outlines of the male's genitalia, and the female's breasts. She got a little turned on looking at both of them.

She was wearing one of the new spacesuits issued by the MACOS program. They were silvery, made with a special alloy to reflect solar radiation, and they were also very form-fitting to allow the wearer to fit into any small spaces on the ship in case any repairs needed to be done, but flexible enough not to be constricting. Ray had never seen a suit that, while covering everything, so enthusiastically sacrificed modesty for pragmatism. They had one large zipper that ran from the crotch up to the neck, and that's what she began pulling down as she set the files aside and pushed her curly, light-brown hair out of the way. She did have plenty of time, after all. Ray had long been a very sexual person. She lost her virginity when she was 12 to a 14 year-old boy who turned out to be a real dirtbag even for a 14 year-old boy. Turns out being willing to have sex with a 12 year-old is a bit of a red-flag in terms of personal integrity. She had her first sexual experience with another girl just a few years later. She was equally attracted to men and women, but often pursued women because she enjoyed their company more before and after sex, as she considered herself a very feminine person. 

It was one of her previous encounters with another young woman that entered her mind as she brushed her shoulder-length raven-black hair out of the way and slid her arms out of the spacesuit. She leaned against the wall as she sat on the cushioned seat, squeezing her round B-cup breasts. She tweaked her nipples before running her hand down the toned torso of her athletic 5' 2" body to her rapidly moistening pussy. Her fingers dipped down into her slit for lubrication, and then she began rubbing her clit back and forth. She scooted to the side and turned to lie down flat, beginning to breathe heavily. This was the first time she had had privacy in weeks, so her climax came quickly, and she left herself unzipped as she dozed off. 

••••••••••••••••••

Over the next two weeks, Lieutenant Levigne became very familiar with the data on the Nereidians. She even tried to learn some of the language of the cave system she was going to land near. It wasn't strictly necessary—she had an A.I. implant that would translate to the best of its capabilities, which would be constantly improving as it became more exposed to the language. She could even think what she wanted to say and the implant would send the sound of the correct word to her brain. Understanding the language a little bit might help her pick up on idioms, though. Apparently the people here called themselves malorcs, but she didn't exactly know what this cave system specifically was called. The malorcs seemed to be peaceful, but the probe wasn't picking up a lot of history, so it was hard to be sure how peaceful they were. They had only begun traveling extensively between the individual cave systems in the last few centuries, and that's when the records became more than simply myth and legend. 

Ray began to feel her excitement and her nerves grow as the Pluribus's FTL drive spun down and the ship moved into the interior of the system. She heard a beep from the ship's A.I. as soon as the Pluribus came out of faster-than-light. She read the message, and apparently the malorcs had detected their probe just before she had left Pluto. They had no idea she was about to arrive, of course, but they now knew they weren't alone in the universe. That was a big deal. She wondered how much more difficult this revelation would make her visit. The intention had been for her to observe for some time before initiating contact, and then only reveal herself to the leadership in place, if possible. 

A few hours later, Ray was choosing a flat, grassy area about a mile away from one of the cave openings to touch down. She began to worry when she saw through the exterior displays that the malorcs were gathering near her landing zone about halfway through her descent. Of course, if they had tech capable of detecting the sedan-sized probe 30,000 miles up, then it made sense they would see her apartment complex-sized ship. They had apparently calculated her targeted landing spot. She thought about changing it, but they would just follow her and if they knew she was coming then she might as well try to get off on the right foot. She watched them gather, and noticed that although some of the malorcs were wearing those sheer robes, the majority were completely naked. They also seemed to be shivering. She looked at the temperature readings for the ground below and saw that it was currently 13 degrees Centigrade on the surface, so the malorcs must have similar comfort levels than humans in terms of temperature. She wondered why they were naked. 

After the Pluribus landed, Lieutenant Levigne opened the hatch in the rear of the craft and stepped out out onto the cold, wet stone. She hadn't realized before how short they were. She was pretty sure none but the very tallest were even up to her height. Immediately raucous cheers went up from the crowd. Two of the malorcs in robes stepped forward to approach the human, and one of them put his hand on his chest and said, "Palloot."

Pretty sure that was his name, Ray put her hand on her chest and said in a stilted and clumsy, but otherwise mostly correct version of their language, "It's nice to meet you, Palloot. My name is Ray. I'm a human."

There were gasps in the crowd as those near the front heard her speak their language. Palloot turned to the crowd and said in their language, "Her name is Ray. She is a human."

One of the other robed malorcs turned toward the crowd and must have had some kind of amplification technology, because when she repeated Palloot's words they were much louder. She also added, "Lower citizens may return to work." Ray wondered if her translation implant had gotten that bit right. 

Before long there were only a half-dozen or so robed malorcs left, and Palloot asked her to come with them so they could welcome her to their planet, which they called Bolkeh. 

••••••••••••••••••

Lieutenant Todd Gwynn sat on a bench in the spaceship that would be his home for upwards of a year. He didn't know why had been selected for this mission by the higher-ups in the Military Alternate Colony Objective Survey program. It certainly wasn't his grades at the academy, or any interest on his part. He wanted to stay on Earth, or maybe go to one of the more civilized Centauri worlds. He resigned himself to the trip, though. After all, he had taken off from the dwarf planet Eris several days ago at the direction of the head of the MACOS program herself, General Leah Raymond. She had been on Eris to see him off. She was in her 60s, but looked about ten years younger. She wasn't exactly a warm person, but she was well-respected and very authoritative. This mission was her pet project, and her office was sending them both regular communication. Apparently Nereid-4 had detected the probe. That was a huge development, and it validated the mission a bit, at least to Todd. If we were caught anyway we might as well be friendly. 

He was headed to Templar-2, the last planet on the list that the program had of planets that indicated intelligent life. First stop for him, though: he was moving up the list and Lt. Levigne was moving down it. He and the Unum were to visit three of the planets on his own, and then meet the Unum's sister-ship, the Pluribus, at a moon in a nearby system that had a rich ecosystem, but no intelligent life that they could find. 

He had been reading up on what they had found on Templar-2. Apparently it was a very water-rich planet. There were four continents, ranging from Australia-sized to South America-sized. All four were near the equator of the planet. The probe had seen structures, but no individuals yet. He closed the file. He'd have plenty of time to look at it in the several weeks it would take to arrive. 

••••••••••••••••••

As she walked toward the cave system with Palloot and the other malorcs, Ray looked around at the landscape of Bolkeh. The landscape was lush but severe, with large trees surrounded by ferns. The leaves were predominantly a dark purple color, with a few green mosses. She could feel that the gravity was stronger than Earth's, maybe by 20%. She hadn't noticed anything about that in the probe's data, but she had been paying more attention to the cultural and biological sections than the geological. 

When they reached the cave opening, she saw that her unconscious assumptions about the lives of these cave-dwellers had been way off. Where the outside environment had a visible harshness to it, the ambiance of this cave was warm and inviting. There were lights all over the roof of the large chamber just inside the entrance, and she couldn't tell if they were actually bioluminescent mushrooms or manufactured lighting made to look that way. They came in blues, purples, reds, and oranges, giving the malorcs themselves a more vibrant look to their skin. She saw that here the mix of robed to nude malorcs was more evenly split, as they moved along crowded streets between buildings that looked cut out of rock of the cave itself. 

As they stepped onto those streets themselves, almost immediately the temperature noticeably rose. The humidity was no higher, but with the added heat she was beginning to perspire. "Please come to my home, and all of us can discuss your visit in private," asked Palloot. He seemed nervous about something, but Ray didn't feel a need to object. She was confident she could handle herself if it came to it, but more than that she had a good feeling about Palloot.

The building Palloot lived in had an elevator, and the silence that had been observed on the walk persisted as they rode up several dozen floors. Palloot had needed to turn a specific key to enter his floor number, 47, and that turned out to be because the entire floor was his. As they all walked in, Ray saw a nude malorc woman quickly stand up from the floor she had been scrubbing. She looked slightly sweaty and dusty. She was shorter than even the other malorcs in the room, and she had a very cute face to go along with breasts that would have been slightly large for her frame on a human, but not unheard of. She nodded to Palloot, and he dismissed her with a wave of his hand. "Thank you, Galdah. Please give us some privacy. And would you mention to Dalpen that I may send for him in an hour or so?"

"Yes, sir," said the girl, and Ray watched her tits sway as she left. 

"Now then, we can get comfortable," said Palloot as he smoothly lifted his robe over his head and hung it on a rack on a nearby wall. He was nude underneath, and the other five malorcs disrobed as well. There were two males and four females in the group, and they looked at Ray expectantly. She quickly realized they expected her to disrobe as well. The other five began to frown at her, but Palloot seemed more thoughtful than perturbed. "Have you already set yourself above us? Or perhaps are your customs just different than ours?"

She decided to answer honestly. "I'm realizing that you expect me to take off my clothes, but I haven't figured out why."

Palloot smiled and nodded in recognition. "On our world, only higher citizens wear clothes at all, and even then only in public or among lower citizens. Among peers, we allow ourselves to be comfortable. What clothing customs does your world observe?"

"As adults, we generally are only nude when we're alone, or with people we are very close to, even mates. Although, there are exceptions."

"Well we certainly won't insist that you disrobe with us, will we?" He looked at the others, and their expressions had softened at the explanation. Ray appreciated how adeptly Palloot had navigated the situation. It hadn't occurred to her that they might think she was being offensive. Palloot continued, "although if you don't mind we'll leave our robes off for comfort."

"I would actually like to learn and observe your customs while I am here, where possible. It's also very humid here," Ray said as she unzipped her suit and stepped out of it. "I assume that's part of the reason your customs are what they are." She looked at the malorcs in detail for what was really the first time. She realized that their skin wasn't actually blue at all. Their blood was blue, and their skin was translucent to the point that she could see that the other male was getting the beginning of an erection as his penis gradually became a darker shade of blue. He probably didn't realize he had a thing for humans, she thought. They all seemed to be taller than most of the malorcs she had seen outside the cave and in the city, but still probably about four to twelve inches shorter than herself, except for Palloot. He was almost her height-maybe 5' even. He was slender, but seemed older than the others, although it was hard to tell. Two of the females were willowy and small-chested, and one of the others was a bit stocky, while the fourth could only be described as buxom in her 4' 4" frame. The other male was about 4' 6", and more muscularly built than Palloot. Their heads were proportional to their bodies, but a bit flatter than a human's head. They didn't remind Ray at all of children or little people on Earth—they were distinctly adult and proportional in their diminutive height. 

"Yes," answered Palloot. He gestured for them all to have a seat on the low, plush benches in the room. "Please tell us, what is your world like?"

Ray described Earth to the best of her ability, and told the malorcs that they were the first intelligent life that humans had visited. They seemed to take a bit of pride in this. She described the politics of her planet, as well as the various ecosystems. Then the malorcs spoke to her about Bolkeh. Apparently malorcs had evolved in the northern hemisphere, and the equatorial regions of the continents were almost completely desert, so the southern hemisphere was still very sparsely populated, although there were a few large cave systems down there that had been settled during Bolkeh's relatively late Age of Exploration, about 100 years ago. Malorcs lived almost exclusively in these large, excavated cave systems, and each one functioned as a city-state with its own government. There was a recent movement to create a larger malorc council that would resolve any conflicts between caves. They had avoided any major world wars, and the last major conflict between two caves had been four decades ago. Apparently conflict between caves had been very low historically because they were so isolated that ruling two separate caves was unrealistic. More recently technology had made the idea plausible but culturally it was taboo. Palloot explained that the malorcs in the room were the leadership council for their cave system, which was called Alpens.
