 "Sold, for 4,000 gold pieces, the job lot of five brand-new slavegirls! A round of applause for one of our favourite buyers, equestrian elf par excellence Mistress Penelope!"

The crowd clapped as the five stark naked girls were handed over to their new elven owner, a commanding but small woman with long dark hair, decked out in a white and black leather equestrian outfit. She clamped a thin, polished steel collar around each of their necks, and shackled their hands behind their backs. Linking the collars with a long chain, she led the five frightened girls out of the auction house and through the thronged city streets, on a long walk to the stables and paddocks that she owned in the rolling green fields just outside the city.

The recently captured slaves sweated in the noonday sun as they were marched into their new lives. Right in the middle of the line was a slim brunette who was struggling to remember her name. She could sense its absence, a ghost in her thoughts, could almost feel its outline, but something, some magic, had blocked it from her. She knew who she was - a wealthy girl who, until very recently, had attended one of England's best finishing schools with three of the others in the lot she had just been sold in. She couldn't remember their names either, nor those of the stable girl who made up the fifth of their number. In her case, she wasn't sure she'd ever paid enough attention to know it.

The past three days had been a living nightmare. In the middle of a fire in an empty stables, which had trapped all five girls inside as they worked to get it ready for four new horses, an impossible, shimmering portal had opened up to rescue them. The very moment they had stepped through it, all five girls had been wrestled to the floor by these strange women with their pointy ears and haughty stares, then stripped naked and caged like animals until someone had come to collect them.

The girls had been displayed together in the market, always collared, shackled, and for some strange reason, completely unable to speak in words, though they could cry and moan. They had been well fed, and had been made to wash thoroughly every day under warm showers before going back on display. 

The brunette knew three of her fellow captives as intimate friends, but not as anything more than that. Over the past few days, they had all seen each other bound naked, stripped of their body hair, and groped, fondled and inspected by a hundred or more elven women looking for their next slave to purchase. All the girls' tears had flowed freely, but the brunette had been most shocked by how many times each of them had suddenly orgasmed without warning while on display. She knew by heart the faces and sounds each of them made as they came, and she blushed as she realised the thought made her a little wet.

As they passed through the city and out into its surrounding areas, all four of the finishing school girls pulled against the chains, just to test them, to slow up their new 'owner', to see if they could get free, but the fifth girl, the stable hand, never resisted. The impossibly strong elf just kept dragging them along, until she grew tired of pulling and slashed at the girls' round bottoms with a fierce crop to make them speed up. The elf marched the five of them into a paddock and tied their collars to a post by long leashes, then she clicked her fingers and from across the wide field, two human slavegirls appeared, driving a cart that was pulled by two magnificent, muscular ponyboys. 

The cart brimmed with tack, which barely jiggled as the vehicle glided across the perfectly flat, well-tended field, and the brunette slavegirl's heart pounded as she took in the elaborate leather harnesses that the otherwise naked ponyboys wore, and compared it to what was on the cart. Could it be ... for her and her friends? She looked at the ponyboys, blinked, looked again. Their legs ended in what could only be real hooves, which the altered humans walked on with grace and perfect balance, and their arms, which were linked to their collars on a short chain that held them up near their nipples, terminated in a smaller hoof. How did they ever eat? How did they ever wash? Were her eyes deceiving her, or did they have pointy ears too? She lost her train of thought as her new owner spoke.

"You, slavegirl," said the elf, pointing at the curvy girl with the mousy brown hair who had worked in the stables, "you may speak."

"Um ... er ... thank you, um, Mistress?" she replied.

"Correct, slavegirl. One point for you - you've obviously been paying attention while these frightened little things have just been trembling and worrying. You, and you alone, may make a choice today. You may choose the life of a ponygirl, or you may join Zoe and Jeanie here, and become a trainer by day and my personal slave by night. Which is it to be?"

The brunette slavegirl watched the voluptuous stable hand make her choice, which she did by sizing up the trainers, her new mistress, the ponyboys, and finally the four finishing school girls she had been enslaved with. The brunette caught her eye, saw the wickedness there, and started to wish fervently that she'd paid the curvy commoner more attention when she'd been telling her how to look after the brunette's horse.

"Trainer, please, Mistress!" said the former stable girl, as a smile crept across her face.

"Good girl - an excellent choice. Zoe, find my new slavegirl some long boots like yours to wear, and help her on with them, then get her a crop. Slavegirl, what was your name in the human world?"

"Ruth, Mistress."

"I like it! You can keep it, for now. Zoe will undo your shackles and let you loose, but I want you to try and contemplate using that crop you've been given against me, or escaping from my service. Try it now."

Ruth almost doubled over, and would have hit the floor had Zoe not been ready to catch her. Her face was suddenly ash white and drawn, and she heaved in breaths to keep from being sick.

"I have complete power over your minds and have already made much use of it on the journey here. That shows what will happen to you if you ever resist me, your owner. Got it?"

"Yes ... mistress ..." said Ruth through pants of pain. 

"Slave Ruth, in my service you will either wear long black boots outdoors, black high heels indoors, or often as not nothing at all. As my property, it is my choice what you wear, how you act, what you do, where you go. Do you like women, Ruth?"

"Yes, mistress! Only women."

"What about these slavegirls here, the ones I bought with you? Do you know if any of them liked women?"

"I don't think so, mistress. They all had boyfriends and, well, I can usually tell."

"We'll see about that."

The brunette slavegirl felt a change sweep over her, and when she blinked away the confusion, she found herself swept up in a torrent of lust that had suddenly opened up in her mind. The girls around her, even her mistress, especially her mistress perhaps, were now objects of intense desire. She took in Ruth, who now stood confident and poised in her long boots, and salivated a little at the sight. The look in the other soon-to-be-ponygirls' eyes told the brunette that the same thing had happened to all of them, and they all shuffled close together and began to rub their naked flanks against one another while Ruth and her mistress stood watching together, stifling laughs. 

The brunette struggled against her instincts, but the powerful urge to get off on the other girls grew and grew, until it was a fire that raged inside her, which could only be put out by grinding her smooth, wet pussy against the other girls. Their mistress and her trainers stood laughing as the brunette and the other three girls managed to get themselves off, with spectacular orgasms that made them scream into the sky. A blush crept across her face, but even as the orgasm subsided, the brunette could feel herself getting horny again.

"Ponygirls, hear me," said Mistress Penelope, "your old way of life is mostly over. Certainly the equine part is not, but perhaps not in the way you're expecting. You see here my two fine stallions pulling this cart - the lighter-skinned one is Butter Balls, and the darker one is Hickory Stick - you see their marvellous hooves, their purposeful bearing, the fine leather harnesses they wear, their bit, bridle and blinders? All this shall now be yours - and yes, slavegirls, I see you see their wonderful big pony cocks too, but you can get to know those another time.

"Search your minds as slave Ruth did. Try to resist me, try to imagine violence against me, try to think about resisting my trainers, or other elves. Ha! Your little human minds are so easy to edit. The pain you're feeling is as nothing to what would happen should you ever try to act on such an impulse. Your minds and souls are now my possessions, just as your bodies are - you can expect to be trained and rented to the many elves who make use of my services. 

"Trainers! Each of you move to a ponygirl and place your hands on their backsides. It's time for a little magic."

Ruth approached the brunette slavegirl and sidled around close behind her, then drifted her hands around the girl's trembling flank until she had the girl's buttocks clasped firmly, one in each hand. The brunette tried to pull away but her body wasn't responding to her commands, she tried to scream but her voice went tight in her throat then cut out completely, and she tried to kick back at the stable girl - the trainer - touching her, but barbs of pain lanced into her from all across her body, until she had to give up the thought. The waves of lust took over again, and the other girl's hands became almost a welcome violation.

"Trainers!" said Mistress Penelope, "you will now be the conduits for my magic to transform these ponygirls - I'll do one myself and you'll do the other three. Now, watch me, move your hands only when I move mine, and be prepared for the power that's about to flow through you. Whenever it gets too much, just take a deep breath and remember to let me have complete control - I am your owner, after all. Now, we begin!"

"Ponygirls, your bodies will now change to suit my needs. The magic flowing into you is enhancing your muscles to many times their original strength - you can feel it flow into your buttocks, which mark my words are going to work hard for me, so hard. Trainers, hands down to ponygirls' thighs - the seat of their power, and aren't they just milky and luscious already? There, power flows in again, and you can sense the new strength as it unfolds, thickening those muscles and turning them from girl to beast.

"Trainers, hands down to knees, then calves, in one fluid motion when I say go. Go! There, the legs are ... almost complete. These are nearly proper ponygirl legs. Come round to the ponygirls' front side, and touch one hand to each of their feet."

The brunette drifted in a haze of half-felt sensations and a growing sense of disbelief. She watched in a distracted, abstract way as her human feet disappeared and hooves grew in their place. A few impulses were getting through from her brain to her legs, and to her surprise she found the new limbs meshed at once into a profoundly altered sense of her body, which now stood poised and strong, so strong, ready to run or leap at her trainer's command. 

Changes to the brunette's mind and body continued as the elf directed magic up into the brunette's torso, with the elf still using her human slavegirls as conduits. The new ponygirls' upper bodies quickly grew in strength to match their lower halves, though they stayed the same size and shape, and each could now pull a two-ton cart without difficulty, or carry a rider on their shoulders all day long despite having the appearance of fit nineteen year olds.

With Ruth standing so close, so near to the brunette's naked body, the brunette felt her pussy start to drip with desire while she implored Ruth with her eyes to do something, anything, to break the torment of the transformation or the equal torment of her lust. Ruth just laughed and flicked the brunette's tits, which drew a snigger from Mistress Penelope. The brunette felt other changes happen, inside her body, filtering through her stomach and even in her bowels as the magic changed her into a much more efficient machine, which the trainers would not struggle to keep clean and well-presented.

"Trainers, hands on ponygirls' ears. I like my ponies to have frisky, pointed ears with a little tuft of hair growing from the top, matching their other hair - we'll restyle that in a minute. There, good. Wonderful - human ears are so boring when you look at them. Trainers, now for their other hooves, the hand-hooves. We'll leave their arms the same length and strength they were as humans, but the hands just aren't pony-like at all, so we need to do something about that. First, you need to unshackle the ponygirls' hands, just like this - it's a simple mechanism once I turn the magical locks off. 

"Ponygirls, ball your hands up into a fist and hold it out in front of you-" the brunette struggled with all her will, until she gasped for breath, but found she could not disobey - "and now, trainers, lay your hands palm down over the ponygirls' fists. More magic coming, a lot this time - deep breaths everyone - and there! Flesh knits together, bone moves, hardness comes through, and four pairs of lovely new hooves take shape."

The brunette stared in horror at what used to be her hands, and which now were a little pair of hooves that could almost be considered cute. She could feel through the hooves, could feel Ruth's real hands pressing against them, could sense Ruth's heat and presence and sex and ... she found she had quite forgotten about her new hooves while she focused on the other girl's body. The brunette guessed that the elf must have done something to her mind, made some change or put in some block, that stopped her from panicking. Why didn't she miss having hands a lot more than this? What was this power that was being worked on her? 

"Trainers," said Mistress Penelope, "take chains from the cart, the short ones, and some shackles, then lock each of their wrists two feet from a D-ring on their collar, one on either side so it's symmetrical. Lovely, lovely - I so love decorative hooves on my ponies. Trainers, place your hands on the ponygirls' throats, and more magic coming now - not quite the last spell I'll use today - there, that's it, and let's rest. Ponygirls, speak!"

The brunette made to form a plea to undo what had been done to her, to turn her back, but the words would not come out. She brayed out a great noise, just as the other ponygirls did, then neighed, then whinnied, then snorted and brayed and found that every sound she could make was now just like those of the horses she had loved so much in the human world. Mistress Penelope laughed and clapped as the ponygirls did their best to find some way to speak, but instead discovered only more ways to sound like the animals they now were.

"Wonderful beasts! I'm delving into your minds now, finding your old families, your old friends, your old lives and ambitions and hobbies. I'm letting you keep almost all of it - I want to break your minds the basic way, bit by bit, with whip and spur and orgasm and your new, very powerful sex drives - but if you search your heart, you'll find your new body suddenly feels different."

The brunette felt a new sensation fill all of her newly changed muscles and flow through into her hooves. She felt ... right in herself. She was a ponygirl, this was a ponygirl's body, and so, she had the right body for the right ponygirl, which was what she was. It was so simple to her now that it stunned her into silence. Could her old body have been so wrong as to have been almost an alien thing - was this the form she was always meant to have? It certainly felt like it to her now, but she let her puzzlement show. How had her whole sense of self changed so quickly, and yet not changed at all? She might have a ponygirl's body, but she didn't know how to act like one. What did her owner mean by breaking her bit by bit?

"Trainers, grab the inert tails from the cart and place one just at the base of the spine, a couple of inches above the top of their buttocks. Good work, good work. Ponygirls, get ready for some pain - it won't last long - there, oh you do all scream so wonderfully - now your tails are connected to your nervous systems. I love long, swishy tails on my ponies, but do make sure to keep them as clean as you can. Presentation is everything when you're a pony."

The brunette watched her new owner pant and bend down to rest - she was visibly exhausted, and her human slavegirls fetched a rug from the cart for her to sit down on while she watched them harness the new ponygirls. They fetched masses of black leather straps from the cart and untangled them, then passed them around each of the ponygirls' bodies until they were tightly encased in black leather straps that put their bare pussies and perky young breasts absolutely on show. The brunette shivered as Ruth pulled her pussy straps tight, and she felt herself glistening with her own juices as the straps pulled her lips wide apart and held them there, so that she would always be split open like a little slut while harnessed. The thought thrilled and shamed the new ponygirl all at once.

Ruth took her time getting the rest of the brunette's harness just right, and the brunette blushed as Ruth giggled her way around the brunette's body, tightening here, adjusting there. Ruth buckled on a bridle over the brunette's head, and pulled the strap under her chin tight as she thrust a bit into her mouth and attached it, then she finished the brunette off by adding blinders to either side of her eyes, so that now the new ponygirl could only see in a narrow band straight in front of her. She stood, waiting, the spell of calm still holding her, and drooled around the bit.

"Ponygirls, form a line, one metre apart, and face me," said Mistress Penelope. "Trainers, you did excellent work today - lie down between me and the ponygirls, on your backs on the nice cool grass, and face the ponies. Open your legs. Zoe, wait for it, you little slut. Ruth, why do you hesitate?"

"I ... er ... um ... I'm sorry, mistress."

"What's wrong?"

"It's just ... I'd forgotten quite how strange this day was until I stopped working."

"Understandable. I'm in your mind, Ruth. All your life, you've longed for a powerful, gorgeous older woman to guide you, to help you, to control you and make you hers. I felt your mind call out - that's why I bought you - and I know in time you'll fall in love with me just like Zoe and Jeanie did. For now, I want you to try and follow my orders, try and enjoy your new life. You can resist, but I'll break you anyway. Why not just ... break all in one go, painlessly? Can you try? In the face of power like mine, consider your choices carefully."

Tears in her eyes, Ruth nodded mutely.

"Then open your legs wide, you little tease, there, that's good. You still have human fingers, not like my new animals, and you deserve a reward. Masturbate until you cum. Begin!"

The brunette turned her head to watch Ruth follow Mistress Penelope's orders. She could see the new trainer was hesitant at first, but once she saw Zoe and Jeanie massaging their clits and pussies without a care in the world, her fingers crept down to her own and she was soon making little pants and moans of satisfaction. The brunette burned with lust and jealousy - she could do nothing to slake her own thirst for an orgasm until the all-powerful elf allowed her, and could she even masturbate with these hooves? Her head turned to the stallions still hitched to the cart, whose erections now towered out from their bodies and made the brunette feel weak in the knees. Perhaps she could get one from them?
