 This story contains elements of futanari (girl with a penis) on female. All characters involved are at least 18 years old.  

***** 

"So, I get why I'm here. But why are you here?" 

I let out my breath in an irritated huff, while trying to keep my arms crossed over my breasts. It's not enough that I have to be stranded, naked, on an isolated deserted island with no food or water. It's not enough that I know I'm going to die here shortly from dehydration and exposure. But did he really have to strand me with her? 

I'm petite, brown-eyed and brunette. I don't have a lot going on up top, although I like to think what I do have I show off well. At 35 I'm still not sagging anywhere, but it takes a lot more work than it used to. Still, I've never deluded myself to being more than pretty or cute - I'll never be beautiful. 

My companion, though? She's nearly six feet of All-American, busty, blue-eyed blonde model looks, and from what I can tell is just out of college. Her southern twang grated on my ears, although if I'm being truthful it's not that she sounded bad. I just disliked her whole redneck, patriotic gung ho thing, and her accent reminded me of it. I did have two things that comforted me, though. The first is that she's even more awkward being nude than I am. One arm was fighting a losing battle to contain her breasts. And the other was between her legs - a sizable erection that started up as soon as she saw me, that she's covering gamely with her other hand. It amused me to see her beauty contrasted with a very male attribute. I wasn't worried about her trying to force herself on me, of course - she's too goody-two shoes to try, and even if she did I'd just drown her. So I can afford to chuckle. 

But her stare brought me back to the question at hand. I could feel the old anger rising at her assumption, and I could think of several ways to take her down to size verbally. But as I opened my mouth, the depression kicked in. We're going to die here, after all. What would be the point in fighting? So with some effort, I kept my voice even. "I'm a villain. Why would you believe anything I say in the first place?" I met her gaze. "Just stay over here, and I'll go over there. And we can live out the rest of our very short lives without bothering each other." My voice caught at the end, and I hated myself for showing weakness. 

Conversation over, I ported myself to the other end of the island, sat down in the sand, and cried silent tears. 

* * * 

The sun was starting to set when I felt her approach. I debated porting around to avoid her, but it's not a very big island, and there's no cover. If she annoyed me too much, I'd just put her out at sea a mile or so. I'm sure she'd be able to swim back. And it's hard to make myself care. I felt hollowed out emotionally, and caring would take more effort than I had. And I could just feel the slight edge of hunger and thirst starting, reminding me of our eventual fate, sapping my willpower further. 

She sat down carefully a good fifteen feet away. I felt her open her mouth to speak, but I got in first, my tone harsher than I meant it to be. "If you piss me off, I'm going to put you in the ocean." 

I expected her to get mad, to lash out at me. But she surprised me. "I don't always think my words through. Got me in trouble a lot as a kid. But I can see how what I said before might have been taken the wrong way." She turned her head to me and gave me a nod. "If you're here, I figure I owe you enough to listen. If you want to talk." 

I closed my eyes and sat back. Did I want to talk? Not really. But it was better than sitting here and thinking about dying of thirst, so I made myself speak. "I'm a thief. I break the law. And I get that that makes me a villain. But I've spent 20 years getting lumped in with psychos like Switch and Dr. Face, and it just makes me tired." I turned to look at her, but her face gave me nothing - no expression - so I continued. "I've never killed anyone. I've never really hurt anyone, unless you could the occasional bump and bruise to an overzealous security guard. So what makes you think I'd have anything to do with the Professor's scheme to take over the world?" I sat forward, absently dragging my fingers through the sand. "Even if he loses, he's going to kill thousands of people. That's nothing I want to be part of. I'm here because I turned him down, and he wanted me out of the way. And because killing me outright would be immoral." I snarled the last word, my frustration at the situation boiling through. It was a struggle to calm myself. "Sorry. I just... shit. I don't know." 

She didn't speak for a few minutes. The light was starting to fade, and I could mostly just see her silhouette. But I could see her nod, decisive and assured. "I believe you." 

I shocked myself by flushing and feeling pleased, and immediately felt stupid. Was I seriously happy just because this redneck child believed me? But... yes. Years of disapproval had taught me to expect more of the same, and I couldn't shake the warm feeling filling me. Until I remembered where I was, and then I came crashing back down. "I... look, thanks. I appreciate that, really. And I'm sorry for reacting that way earlier. But, "and I swept the horizon with my arm, "it's not like it matters now." 

She sat still, and I could tell somehow that she was thinking deeply. I waited, and it was a few minutes later that she spoke. Her voice had an odd tone to it. "Look ah... this will sound weird. But I need you to trust me. I wouldn't say anything, and you don't seem the type, but I don't want you to do anything stupid." She took a deep breath. "I've been here for a week already." 

I considered her statement. She was in good shape - after a week without food or water she should have been close to dying. As far as I knew, she didn't have any special powers that would keep her alive that long. But... 

I felt it blossom, deep inside me. Hope. She could make food and water. Somehow. Maybe we could survive long enough for rescue. And I felt a deep relief that she was going to share, because she could have so easily withheld it from me and just saved herself. The next second I was next to her, and she startled as I appeared and flung my arms around her. For a moment, all I could do is hug her, and her arms settled carefully around me. And then I remembered we were both naked, and with a yelp I was twenty feed down the beach. I started babbling. "Shit, sorry, forgot, I was just uh... crap. And I thought I was the mature one here." I let myself drop back down onto my back in the sand. "Today has just been one giant fucked up emotional roller coaster, you know?" 

She managed a chuckle. "It's ok. I know the feeling. But uh..." she got hesitant again. "The food thing. I'll show you the morning? It's a bit weird, I'm gonna need you to keep an open mind." She got up and started walking off. "I'll talk to you then." 

I told her goodnight and then turned over and curled up. The hunger and thirst were still there, but I could keep them at bay now, and sleep came eventually. I wondered briefly what she meant by weird, but shrugged it off. At least I wouldn't die. 

* * * 

I woke up with my mouth like a desert, a pounding headache and a cramping stomach. I groaned as I sat up, and felt her sitting down about fifty feet away. I stood up and glanced over - she was sitting cross-legged, and as she saw me she waved. I realized with a start that neither of us were bothering to cover ourselves, and I started to move my hands over my chest. But then I stopped. We were going to be here a long time - did it really make sense to worry about a little nudity? So I took a deep breath and ported over. 

She blinked as I appeared, and I took in her appearance - wet hair and clean skin - and realized she must have taken a dip in the ocean. She nodded at it and said, "You look like you could use a quick wash." I studied her further, and she seemed nervous and embarrassed. I was getting a sense of foreboding about this food and water thing, and I really, really wanted to eat something, but I'd let her take her time. The ocean was refreshing, if a bit cold, and it was a relief to get the sand off of me. But a few minutes later I was back in front of her. 

She'd changed positions, and I saw with amusement that she had her legs together now. Apparently she'd enjoyed the show. I stretched carefully, and saw her throat gulp as she took me in. And then I realized I was being a bitch, and winced. I sat down and pulled my knees up. "I feel like I just keep apologizing, but sorry about that. I shouldn't tease you." 

She nodded and seemed to settle down, but I could still practically feel the embarrassment pouring off of her. She spoke softly. "I need you to promise to hear me out." 

I raised an eyebrow. "You're worrying me with all this, but sure. I promise." I watched her curiously. It seemed like she was going through a huge internal struggle. 

Finally she seemed to find her resolve. She met my gaze straight on. "I've been eating and drinking... myself." She took a deep breath, and swallowed heavily as I stared in shock, before pointing at her crotch. "My cum. Semen." 

I felt rage and crushing despair sweep through me. I couldn't believe she'd sold me on this, made me think I could survive. I didn't remember standing, but there I was on my feet. I was going to stretch my abilities and put this bitch a couple of miles out at sea. I was readying myself when one of her words cut through my anger. "...promised!" 

I closed my eyes and counted to ten. Then I sat and crossed my arms. "Ok. You have a minute, and this better be good." 

She talked fast. "You know my codename, right? Refill? You ever think that's a weird name for a mech girl?" 

I hesitated. But... "Yes. Now that you say it that way." 

She continued quickly. "My ability isn't super useful in straight up combat, at least as long as you don't want a mess around. I can refill liquids in containers. With the right kind of battery I can basically recharge my mech as I go, which is why I'm so effective. Better power/weight ratio compared to a pure tech solution." 

I blinked, both at the explanation and at the technical terms coming out of her mouth. I reminded myself to not assume she was stupid. "Ok, sure. But what does that have to do..." my voice trailed off as I stared at her in horror. "You're kidding. You can refill your balls?!" She nodded. I continued to stare, flabbergasted. "How did you even find that out?!" 

She sighed, and sat back. "Before I start on that, are you still going to mess with me after a minute?" I hesitated, but shook my head, still trying to wrap my mind around this. "Ok. So I had this girlfriend in college who was uh... a bit freaky. It was her idea, she wanted to see if I could... um. Sorry, this is kind of weird, right? But she wanted to see if I could increase the size of my... loads." 

I snorted. "Seriously?" But she nodded. "And it works?" 

She shrugged at me. "It took some practice, but yeah. If I refill them at the right time, anywhere from a 300% to 400% increase in... production." She looked apologetic. "Sorry, she was a bit of a science nerd, and made us do a study. Anyway, so we knew that worked. And then later she got into this weird hippy sustainability shit-" 

I interrupted her. "You and a hippy? I mean, you're practically Miss USA, guns and freedom? How did that work?" 

She grinned at me. "Opposites attract? Hell if I know. But anyway, for about um, the last month we were together? She got about 90% of her calories from... me. To reduce her feetprint. Footprint. Whatever bullshit." She shrugged again. "It was weird, but she was hot and kinky and my first real girlfriend, so I went with it. At least until she started pressuring me to do the same thing." She winced. "She'd probably be laughing at me now." 

I sat back, my mind racing. The whole thing was... just bizarre. It seemed like a perpetual motion machine, but super powers make those possible. So I guessed... theoretically... it could work. I tried hard not to think about what that might mean for me. "So how many, um. Loads. Do you need each day? And it keeps you alive?" 

She put a hand out and waggled it from side to side. "Between 20 and 25. Depending on how hungry I am. And I'm sure it wouldn't work over a real long term, probably some important vitamins or something. But it should keep us going until we're rescued." She grimaced. "If we're rescued. And there's the time thing." 

I looked at her blankly. "Time thing?" 

She nodded, and was back to embarrassed. "Right. So even with the basic supers package keeping me going, from what I can tell I average roughly 15 minutes between... loads. So for just me, I've been, um. Producing for 5 to 6 hours. So add you on top of that..." 

I nodded, feeling numb. "Right. I'm smaller, thankfully, so I need less. But that's still like... 10 hours a day." She shifted nervously from side to side, and my eyes narrowed. "What?" 

"I don't want to tell you." I just kept up the stare, and she broke first. "Don't say I didn't warn you. I figure I lose, um. Anywhere from 10% to 20% from spillage, since my hands aren't great at the job. So if we had, ah, some other way..." she cut off, blushing furiously. 

I got it from that, and... "Wow." She opened her mouth to defend herself, but I waved it off. "No, it's my fault. Just... wow." I drummed my fingers absentmindedly on the sand. "So if we did that... maybe 9 hours still. Jesus." 

We sat in silence for a while and I tried to think it through. The entire thing still felt unreal, absurd. Like a sick joke. I wondered if there might be invisible cameras around somewhere, watching us. Finally, she spoke. "There's a couple of other things I've thought of. I can refill bladders - it's not a fun time, but if you're dehydrated enough your body will re-absorb some of the water. And if we could learn to fish, that would cut down the calorie needs. But it won't be enough to keep us alive." She looked miserable. "I know it's sick, and we're basically strangers, but I don't want to just let you die either. It's up to you." 

I closed my eyes, and concentrated on my body. I'd been trying to block it out, but once I paid attention to it I could feel my thirst like a physical beast, clawing at my throat, and my stomach was desperate. I tried to imagine dying this way. It wasn't like I'd never sucked a cock before... I just wished I could know this was real. Maybe... 

My eyes shot open, and I turned to her. "Can I see it?" She look confused, so I elaborated. "Can I watch you... eat? It just doesn't feel, well. Real." 

She nodded, slowly. 

* * * 

"That looks incredibly uncomfortable. But it makes sense." 

I'd expected her to just do something right there, but she'd taken me over to the other side of the island. There, she'd dug out a hole in the beach to create a huge slope, and used that to position herself almost upside down. Then she'd hunched over her legs, which left her cock pointing almost straight down at her mouth. The entire time she got in position she had this vague sense of embarrassment about her that I found somehow endearing. Her voice was smooth when she answered, though. "Reduces spillage, which means I don't have to stay this way as long." 

I nodded at her. "Makes sense." And shut up since I was repeating myself. And then we stood there. Me standing watching her, her almost upside down, cock pointed down at her face, and stared at each other. I shuffled my feet. "Um. This got awkward." 

She closed her eyes, then opened them and locked gazes with me. And slowly started stroking herself. And everything changed. The air suddenly felt electric, my skin almost buzzing. I was blushing. Why was she looking at me during this? I wanted to look away, but I felt trapped by her gaze. She gave a slow blink, and then I saw it. Moisture. Pre-cum on the tip of her cock. The dryness in my mouth roared through me, but I was still frozen in place. I watched, fascinated, as one finger came up and trapped it, and then she brought it down to her mouth and sucked it off. I felt dampness between my thighs, and sat down quickly as I turned bright red. This... this was... It was like she'd changed into an entirely new person. Confident. Assured. 

My mouth parted as she sped up, a line of cum flowing down, and she adjusted slightly so it landed in her mouth. Her eyes still held me in place, demanding, and I realized one of my hands was drifting toward my crotch, and pulled it back quickly. Her tongue flashed out, catching and guiding her cum, and I had to bite my lip to keep from porting toward her. Her hand sped up, blurring, and her balls swelled, growing even larger. I realized she had to be close even though it had only been a few minutes. And then it was like she exploded. 

Her cock spewed cum like a fountain. Her balls pulsed, shrinking and then growing again, and my mouth was open, parchness forgotten as I watched her. Her left hand kept moving as she milked herself relentlessly, the other hand grabbing cum and shoving it into her mouth. It must have been a minute before she stopped, and then her hands were moving, gathering the cum that had spilled on her breasts and neck. I stared and thirsted and my pussy ached, and suddenly it was too much and I was next to her. 

We both froze as I appeared. She looked up at me and I saw pure, roaring lust in her eyes, and her mouth opened invitingly, the inside still coated with her fluids. I reached down one trembling hand and touched the side of her lips, where a droplet lay. Her tongue came out, teasing, and - 

I was gone. On the other side of the island, away from temptation and things that could never happen. I had just seen the most erotic display of my life, and I was pretty sure it had been in homage to me. But I held up my finger and looked at the drop, and still trembling, placed it on my tongue, and felt the balm of that liquid, an all too temporary relief. And I knew that I wouldn't be able to stay away.