 This story contains elements of futanari (girl with a penis) on female. All characters involved are at least 18 years old.  

***** 

My thirst was all-consuming. Hunger and lust were there, clawing at my stomach and aching between my legs, but they were a distant second. Trivial complaints like boredom, the constant sun or the hot sand barely registered. 

You're probably thinking I was a bit of a wimp. After all, it had barely been two days. But in my defense, I think without Refill there I would have fared better. The problem was that about an hour ago, she'd started her "feeding" for the day. And despite being behind a sand ridge on the other side of the island, I could feel every drop of her cum as it came out of her cock. And I wanted it more than I'd ever wanted anything else. 

I should probably explain. 

* * * 

Many super powers require other, secondary powers to function as you'd expect. The classic example is Ultimatum, a basic strength super. She can throw a tank. But her super strength wouldn't be useful without a couple of other secondaries. The first is toughness - otherwise even if she lifted a tank, the weight would collapse her body. And she also has enhanced agility, which lets her balance a tank and actually hit what she aims at. 

My secondary is awareness, and my teleports wouldn't function without it. I "feel" everything within my radius, and that range also limits where I can port to (although feel isn't really the right word - it's not like any normal sense). I have some control over it, and nowadays I can stretch it out to just over a mile for brief periods. The problem is the minimum under normal conditions is about a hundred feet, and Refill is well within that. 

She's about halfway through a cycle, and I was still recovering from the last one. My throat ached for her fluids, to slake this thirst, and I was trembling with the effort it took to not go to her. It's the second strongest addiction humans have after oxygen, and I was desperate for my fix. But... I was tired of acting on instinct and need. I'd ported twice in the past two days without thinking about it, and that's unacceptable. I'm an adult, and if I was going to take this next step, I wanted to make it with a clear mind, and not because I was simply too thirsty to care anymore. I needed space, and there was only one way to get it. 

The next second I splashed down into the ocean a quarter mile out to sea, and started treading water. 

* * * 

It took me a few minutes, but I calmed down enough to ignore the precious liquid waiting for me back on shore. Well, mostly ignore. So, bobbing with the waves, I made myself think. To examine options and consequences, to work my way through this problem like any other I'd solved in my career. 

There were many reasons this was a bad idea. A hero and a villain. A ten year age gap. Forced sexualized contact. And perhaps most importantly, the fallout if - when - we were rescued. But no matter how I weighed it, all of those paled against the iron imperative of surviving. I wanted to live, and this was the only option I could see. And I would take it even if it damned me. I'd just have to hope I could keep it from hurting Refill too. 

I took a deep breath, stretched out my mind, and ported back. 

* * * 

She stared up at me in astonishment. A minute ago she'd been in her upside down position, working her cock with efficiency but not passion. Now I'd placed her down on the beach, flat on her back. She started to get up until she saw it was me, then reclined back. I was grateful that she didn't say anything - it made it easier to keep some distance from the act I was about to do. 

I looked down at her cock. I'd been able to feel it the entire time of course, and with a power like mine it makes sense to practice measuring things with your brain. So I could say with some confidence that she was just shy of nine inches, and normal proportions. Big, but not gigantic. I moved my hand up and tentatively gripped it, and felt more than heard the sharp breath she took. Absentmindedly I started tugging on her cock as I decided where to start. 

If had been a normal situation, I'd have known how to begin. But we weren't romantically involved, and the combination of sterile need and craving left me a confused jumble of emotions. I felt dirty for taking advantage, slutty for what I knew I was about to do, and my go-to feeling since I'd arrived at the island - embarrassment. But then I saw a drop of pre-cum appear on the tip of her penis, and my thirst came roaring back. I felt like I was an observer in my own body as my head came down and I licked her fluids. This time she couldn't hold back her gasp. 

The taste exploded on my tongue. It was cum - semen - and not exactly my favorite thing in the world. But in that moment it was manna from heaven. Tasting anything was wonderful - that particular situation where even normally shitty food tastes awesome when you're starving - but it was the fact that it was fluid, moisture, that made me moan with pleasure and envelop the head of her cock with my lips, and then suck for all I was worth. Because I needed more. God, did I need more. My world narrowed to the cock in my mouth, and the fluid leaking slowly from it. Her pre-cum was running continuously, and I mewled in pleasure as it ran down my throat. In the back of my head I could feel her biting her hand to keep from screaming, but that was no longer important to me. I could tell she was very, very, close, but I was impatient. I moved my hand from her cock and reached down, then squeezed her balls. At the same time I shoved a few inches of her down my throat, and she made a strangled noise and then she was cumming. 

It was glorious, a jolt of pure pleasure to my system as I finally got what my body was craving. At first it was fairly normal - maybe a bit more than normal - but she just kept cumming and cumming, and I swallowed each wonderful spurt down. I could feel her balls shrinking and growing in her hand, until finally she stopped - in reality probably no more than thirty seconds, but it had felt like a lot longer. I came off of her with a gasp, then laid my head down on her stomach as I tried to catch my breath. 

Staring at her softening cock, I could feel reality starting to intrude. Consequences and emotions trying to push back. But those were things I couldn't afford, and I had to do this another thirty or forty times today. And my hunger and thirst had only been temporarily put at bay - I could feel them waiting. So I pushed my thoughts away, and moved forward to take her back into my mouth. 

* * * 

I was working on number five when her stomach rumbled. 

I flushed, embarrassed that I'd gotten so caught up in this when I'd originally interrupted her - she needed to eat too. Even more than I did, given our size difference. I resolved to start sharing, I figured that would work out best. So when she got close, I pulled off of her for just long enough to say, "Get ready." I felt her start at my words, then lay back down and part her lips. Her breathing reached me, speeding up in time with my mouth on her cock, driving me on to finish her. 

The next part would be tricky, and I decided to be cautious the first time. So when she came I let about half go down my throat before I stopped swallowing. It worked out pretty close, and I had almost a full mouthful of cum when she finished - not the greatest feeling in the world, but it was necessary and I'd need to get used to it. Once I was sure she'd stopped, I ported the couple feet up so we were kissing, and waited for her to open her lips fully. She wasn't expecting the port and stiffened, and for a second I was stuck between swallowing it myself or letting it run onto her face. But then she opened her mouth and I was able to let it all flow in. 

And it was a kiss. I wanted to keep it chaste - well, ok. I didn't want to keep it chaste. But I did my best, because we were going to be doing this a lot and neither of us needed complications. But it's hard to kiss a girl with her cum in your mouth without showing something - I'm not a robot - and I could feel her respond a bit. A second later she'd swallowed it all down, and I pulled up and off. We opened our eyes and locked gazes for a moment, and I felt a thump in my chest. And then I was back down, ready to work on number six. 

The heart doesn't take direction well, but maybe it will take a hint. Eventually. 

* * * 

I sat back on the beach and rubbed my aching jaw as the sun started to set. I glanced over at Refill. "Your college girlfriend did this for a month? She must have had jaws of iron." 

She flushed. "Not exactly. She'd do a few, then fill a bucket, and I'd replenish that." She shrugged. "Eight hours is pretty impressive though. Even with a break in the middle." 

My turn to blush, and be grateful for the fading light. Thankfully almost all supers - even those who aren't technically super strong/tough - seem to get a basic enhancement package, which includes faster healing and being in excellent shape. It makes for an... interesting sex life. Of course, it's also the reason Refill and I weren't burning like crazy from sun exposure here, so that was nice too. 

I was just glad it was over. And so far we'd seemed to dodge the 800-pound gorilla in the room, and were still just two people surviving. But all day I'd felt Refill reacting to me. She would reach for my head while I was sucking her, and pull back. Or react a bit more to our kissing than might be necessary. Of course she didn't know I could feel all of that, and I wasn't about to tell her, but it worried me. And to be fair, I'm by no means immune, and for most of the day I'd had an ache between my legs. But worry dominated my thoughts, as I tried to figure out how to stop this disaster I saw looming. 

So when she said, "Port... can I ask you a question?" I cringed inside. Was this it? But better to get it out of the way now. 

"Sure." 

She took a deep breath. "I just... your power is really amazing. Why are you a villain? Why aren't you a hero?" 

And with that cold knife to my heart, my worries about relationships were swept away. I heard my voice as if from a distance, sharp and curt. "None of your business." She started to stammer out an apology, but by then I was already away, retreating my few feet of safety to huddle alone in the night. I felt her over there, and cursed the day I'd learned to lip read when I felt her whisper my name. 

I knew I was over reacting, and I'd have to apologize in the morning. But for her to ask me that in that moment, after she'd accepted me the other day, felt like more than I could bear. I curled in on myself and let the tears take me.