 This story contains elements of futanari (girl with a penis) on female. All characters involved are at least 18 years old. 

*****

I swallowed down my share of Refill's third load of the morning while I tried to think.

We hadn't talked about yesterday. Conversation this morning had felt fragile, like it could easily shatter, and we'd both carefully talked about other subjects. But that had been almost worse - ignoring it just drew more attention, like not thinking about pink elephants. But we had biological needs, and after only a few minutes my stomach and parched throat encouraged me to re-acquaint myself with Refill's crotch, so here I was.

I finished swallowing, then collected and gave Refill her share. I carefully kept my eyes closed during the kiss, but I could feel hers on me. But I didn't want to think about yesterday, and I didn't want to think about Refill's obvious attraction to me. So I did the only thing I could.

I put both of them out of mind and started sucking her cock again. We'd talk later.

* * *

Of course, that didn't happen. As the day went by the tension from yesterday started to fade. And unfortunately it was one of those things where putting it off just made it harder to talk about - you know what I mean. Where the fact that you've ignored it for so long makes it harder to bring up, because now you also have the added awkwardness of the wait. Several times I opened my mouth to talk about it, to apologize or tell her the story, but I couldn't make the words come out. Instead we talked about other things, like speculating about the Professor and how long we'd be here, or telling stories about things we'd done as supers (for obvious reasons, I had a lot more of those, although I had to be careful about which ones I talked about).

The pattern continued over the next few days, and finally the tension over my hero/villain past seemed to fade away. But something else was rising and taking it's place, and it wasn't going away. No, it was doing the opposite. Refill was, slowly, losing the battle of her attraction to me. It confused me - I'm not saying I'm ugly, and I was technically the only game on the island - but it still felt out of proportion. Refill was acting like I was her dream girl, and I wasn't sure why. It wasn't helping that I was, basically, having some sort of sex with her for eight hours a day, and I knew that was confusing my emotions and hormones. I'm sure hers were even worse.

The signs were little things, nothing obvious. And to her defense, she was pretty good about hiding them - or she would have been if not for the fact that I basically had eyes in the back of my head. So I knew when she stared at me, lingering on my ass, breasts and face, especially when I did my daily Yoga routines. I knew when she touched her fingers to her lips after we kissed. And I felt her reach for me and then pull back while I was working on her, her hands wandering toward me. She would hover, hesitating, then retreat. But each time took longer and longer before she pulled back, and I knew at some point she'd make a move. I just had to decide what to do about it. 

Things came to a head on day eight.

* * *

She took me by surprise.

Normally that would be almost impossible, but I had gotten complacent. I knew her hand was there, hovering above my hip, even if she kept it carefully far enough away that normally it would be undetected. But she'd been doing exactly that for days, so I was unprepared when her hand came down and rested on my hip, just above my ass.

I froze in place, stopping on her cock, and waited. I was hoping that would be enough to discourage her. But she had obviously resolved to carry through, and a few seconds later her hand circled on my skin. I couldn't help but shiver slightly under her touch, and held my breath. Then her hand slid down, cupping my butt, and I had to act. The next second I was sitting next to her, cross-legged. She stared up at me, hand in the air, waiting.

I searched for words. I'd known this was coming, but no matter what I came up with I knew it was going to be a shitty conversation. I went with my first - and last - plan, and tried to make my voice gentle. "Refill, we can't."

Her voice was even. "Why?" I expected her to be surprised, or hurt. But I realized she had also been expecting this, and that threw me for a minute - if she knew I didn't want to, then why...? But I forged ahead. This was something I had to do.

"You asked me a few days back why I'm a villain, and not a hero."

She hadn't been expecting that, and her eyes widened as she started to sit up. "Port, what-"

I raised my hand, cutting her off. "You just took me by surprise the first time. I want to tell you, and it's part of why I stopped you." She still looked hesitant, but I made sure my face showed my resolve, and finally she nodded and pulled her legs up, sitting to listen. I took a deep breath and launched into my story.

"I was ten when the Asteroid hit. When things changed. I got my power that same day." I could still feel her listening intently, but I had faced away. I could still feel her, but it was still easier to talk without actually seeing her face. "I couldn't do nearly as much back then... but still, I saw the groups rise up. The Guardians, Easy Street, the Sentinel Six. All the heroes." My voice was soft. "And I wanted to be one of them more than anything. But I was too young."

I sat back, still staring at the ocean. "I trained constantly. It was the only thing I thought about, that I cared about. I was failing at school, my parents were worried sick, but I didn't care. I knew I was going to be a hero, that I'd get to fight evil with Ultimatum and Handful and all the rest. They'd set the cutoff at sixteen back then, and I applied to all the major hero groups literally on my birthday." I kept my voice even, but it was an effort. "And got rejected, sight unseen, by all of them."

I felt her jaw drop open, but I continued before she could say anything. "Looking back, I can see why they did it. The problem was that all the major teleporters at the time - Gateway, Magic Mirror, and the Great Escape - were all long-range and were used primarily for transport. Escape could go thousands of miles, and the other two were pretty much unlimited. So when I applied as a 16-year old girl with a half mile range..." I shrugged. "They didn't see the point. I hadn't listed any other major powers, so they classified me as trivial. I barely rated a call back." My voice felt distant, removed. It had been a long time since I'd talked about any of this, and even still I had to struggle to keep my emotions in check.

Her mouth closed, and we sat in silence for a bit. I took a few deep breaths to calm myself, then continued. "I was... devastated. I tried to contact them, to get a second chance, but I couldn't even get anyone to talk to me, and eventually I got depressed. I think my parent's had hoped that after that I'd start caring about other things - school, my future - but I'd invested too much in being a hero, and without that nothing else seemed to matter much." I swallowed. "And then I got angry. Hell, I know it's not their fault now, but I'm still kind of angry at them. And then one day we were downtime, and I walked past this bank, and..." I hesitated - I'd almost said that I'd felt the money, but I still wanted to hold that power in reserve. "And I decided to show them. So I robbed it. I think a got a couple of million, which is crazy money when you're sixteen. It was easy. And that's how Port was born."

We sat in silence for a few minutes, her thinking and me trying to collect myself. I tensed when she reached out to me, but she just gave me a one armed hug and I accepted her sympathy. Her voice was quiet. "Thanks for telling me. But..." now her turn to hesitate. "What does that have to do with what happens now? With us?"

I re-organized my thoughts. Right. I pulled away and faced her again. I had to keep my voice firm. "Because when this is over, Refill, when we're rescued, this whole thing is going to be a huge story. A scandal." I indicated us. "The news is going to pounce on this, it's just too juicy. Remember my original reaction to feeding off of your cum? It's going to be that, but everywhere." I felt my voice starting to rise, and steadied myself. "I'm a villain. I'm a lost cause. But you're a hero, Refill. You're truth and justice and good and the American way. And the only way you get out of this with your reputation intact is if nothing else happens. If we only do what we have to do to survive, and absolutely nothing else. If we have sex..." I let my voice trail off, then finished quietly. "Then they'll tear you apart." I shook my head. "I mean there will be rumors no matter what, but if we hold back... you can still make it out of this ok. Eventually."

Her voice was hesitant. "I mean... ok. I guess I can see that. But what does that have to do with your story? Why-"

I shifted us, so I was facing her and holding her hands. My voice trembled with emotion, and I struggled to bring it under control. I had to make her see this, to do the right thing. "Because you're my dream, Refill." For the second time her jaw dropped open in shock, but I pushed forward. "You're a hero. You fight the bad guys. You're on a good team, people look up to you. You're," I swallowed hard, "you're what I wish I was. My could-have-been." I met her eyes, pleading with her to understand. "I can't be the reason that goes away. I can't," my voice caught, but I had to say this and I forced it out, "I can't make you a villain too." I looked down, and my voice was a whisper. "I can't ruin your life like I ruined mine."

I searched her face, for understanding and comprehension, but she had gone blank. I released her hands, and stepped back. "Just... think about it. Ok? It's for the best."

And then I was gone, as far away as I could go. I closed my eyes and felt her, still standing there, and for the first time in a long time I prayed. Hoping that she'd make the right choice.