 Warning: This story contains elements of futanari (girl with a penis) on female. All characters involved are at least 18 years old.  

***** 

It was a couple of hours later when she walked over to me. I'd just been staring out at the ocean, lost in thought. I felt hollow and light, empty of emotion but with less of a burden. It had been a long time since I'd talked to anyone about my past and my decisions, and I was surprised at how it had helped. And I was starting to feel the first bit of relief, of hope. Surely, she'd see my point and protect herself. She sat down next to me, and we just sat for a minute. Then she cleared her throat. And shattered my hope. 

"Do you want to have sex?" 

I stared at her. Her voice was confident and clear, and the words weren't what I expected to hear. I scrambled. "I... Refill, I told you. I don't want-" 

She cut me off. "I remember." Her voice softened. "And I appreciate it. But that's not what I'm asking you now." She paused a beat. "You told me why sex is a bad idea. You didn't tell me if you wanted it or not." 

I felt like I was floundering. Because the answer, of course, was yes. Refill was beautiful, intelligent, and she'd believed me. She'd trusted me, kept me alive. She was easy and fun to talk to. And she had a really nice cock. Blowing her was enough to get my motor running, so that was a go on the physical side too. But I couldn't let her do this. I was still searching for the right word when she gave a sigh and continued. 

"I read a lot of books. And there's this real common thing that drives me insane. Makes me want to reach in and smack the characters when they do it." Her voice was quiet. "They decide they know what's best for someone else. And in order to save or protect them, they sacrifice themselves, or they pull the it's for your own good bullshit. Like that someone else is a child, who's incapable of making rational decisions." 

I started to object, "I don't!..." but then trailed off. Because, at least to some extent, I had been. After a minute, she continued. 

"I get what you're doing. Like I said, I appreciate it. It's very heroic of you." Her voice was wry, and I flushed at the last. "But I'm an adult, right? Younger than you, but I can make my own decisions. Especially when someone's pointed out the consequences?" 

I stared at her, like a rabbit caught in the headlights of her logic. I could see the trap approaching, but no way around it, and my voice was a whisper. "...yes." 

She nodded at me. "Thank you. And so," and she took a deep breath, and enunciated each word carefully, "Do you want to have sex?" 

I closed my eyes as my mind whirled. I wanted to say no, to keep her from making this mistake. I had the feeling that she would know I was lying, but she'd take me at my word. And yet... she was right. It was her choice. Her life. And I wanted her to touch me, to make love to me. Even if I couldn't come, it would scratch that itch. I sat frozen, torn between the two paths, between fear and desire. She waited patiently as I struggled, trying to somehow weigh the two and do what was right. And eventually I reached my decision. 

I felt oddly calm as I opened my eyes and looked over at her. For a moment she took my breath away, nude on the beach, and I just drank her in with my eyes and my senses. But I owed her an answer, even if I hated saying it. My voice was a whisper, but I knew it would reach her ears. 

"Yes." 

* * * 

I've been kissed quite a few times. Sometimes it was awkward. Sometimes it was hot. Sometimes it was careful and fragile, sometimes it was mad and passionate, sometimes it managed to be all of that combined. Sex is occasionally contradictory like that. I'd never rated them, or kept a "top 5" kiss list or anything. But I do know one thing. 

Refill's kiss blew all the previous ones away. 

It wasn't with technical ability. Not to say that she was bad - this obviously wasn't her first tongue rodeo - but I knew one villainess who literally considering seduction a science, and Refill isn't quite in her league. No, Refill's kiss won with sheer passion. 

It felt like she was pouring her desire straight into my mouth, a tidal wave of wants and lusts and needs. She swept away my defenses, rendering me speechless and driving my internal monologue to new poetic heights. (I know that sounds like a joke, but no, really. She did). Her heavy breasts pressed into me, her nipples hard nubs rubbing into my skin. 

And even while I drowned in her kiss, my thoughts muddled and circling, just like before... I didn't understand it. I'm not special. I've never inspired anything like this before. So where did this come from? Why did Refill seem to want me so badly? Was this just how she was all the time, and I was the lucky recipient? 

I didn't trust it. I didn't want to trust it. It felt like that fairy tale happy ending, and the Hero establishment ruined those for me twenty years ago. I knew, in that rock solid irrational emotional spot that comes from past scars, that this wasn't real. That she just wanted my body. That somehow it would end badly, in tears. Maybe with me dying of thirst. And of course, I knew all that was bullshit - that Refill didn't have a duplicitous bone in her body - but I still couldn't seem to shake that belief, that knowledge. 

And once I made that determination, my mind calmed. Refill just wanted me for my body. She was young and horny, and couldn't control herself. That's all this was. I could explain that to her, repeat the consequences when this got out, and tell her no. She wouldn't try to force me. 

She broke the kiss, and I gasped for air, trying to think of the words to convince her. But I was derailed by the look on her face. She was staring down at me as she held me in her arms, grinning like a fool, and her eyes were sparkling. It made me... uncomfortable. And I found all the words I'd planned had fled, and all I could say was, "What?" 

Her grin widened, and she knelt down and kissed my forehead. "Ok." 

I frowned. She continued smiling. My frown deepened. "You're going to have to give me more than that." 

She leaned down and kissed me again, on the lips, and again I felt that passion, lusts, and desire. But... restrained. She hugged me tight. "Ok, we'll wait. Since it's important to you." 

I stared up at her, uncomprehending. And then understanding bloomed. I felt my delusional house-of-cards reasoning start to come tumbling down. "Wait. You... you don't want to have sex with me?" 

She shook her head, and then kissed me again. I was finding it increasingly difficult to think each time her lips touched mine. Her voice was soft. "I want to make love to you more than almost anything. I want to take you in my arms, I want to plunge into you, I want to fuck like bunnies. I want all of you, all the time." I flushed at her description, getting redder and redder as she went on. But she wasn't finished. 

"But you think it's important to wait. And it's not fair to ask you to trust me, and for me not to trust you. I'm not sure I agree with all your reasons, but if they're good enough for you, they're good enough for me." 

Carefully she shifted us so I was on my back, and she curled around me, an arm cradling my head and her leg across mine. Her cock was hard against my hip, but she didn't rub me or do anything with it, and I mentally gave her a cookie. She stroked my hair and then kissed it. "I know I threw you a curveball, so just think about it for a while, ok? I'll wait." Then she closed her eyes and just held me. 

I sat there on my back and tried to think. I started to muster some outrage over the possessive position she was in with me - you know the one, it seems to come naturally with having a penis - but couldn't find any traction. It's hard to believe someone just wants to own you when they respect your opinion enough to wait even after you've said "go". I examined my earlier rationalizations that she'd effortlessly dismantled, then shrugged mentally and discarded the whole thing. 

I felt emotionally whiplashed from the past five minutes. Strung out, uncertain but hopeful, horny and unsatisfied. I wasn't sure how this would work. I wasn't sure what we were waiting for, or what would change when we got off this island. But in her arms, in that moment, despite everything... I felt happy and safe. And I decided that I'd enjoy that, even if just for now. 

I turned my head to block the sun and snuggled under her chin. Then I closed my eyes and dropped off into dreamless sleep. 

* * * 

The next few days was what I imagine high school was like. Well, if you were trapped naked with your crush on an otherwise deserted island. And if you had to blow her for eight hours a day to survive. And if you were over a decade older. 

Ok, so it wasn't really like high school at all. But it felt like young love. 

We took long walks on the beach. Partially because, well, that was pretty much the start and end of our "things to do" list, at least that didn't involve someone's genitals. But it also did feel romantic, especially at sunset. We did the new couple touchy-feely thing, constantly holding hands, hugging, maybe a little groping. We both held back - which was silly considering our current diet - but it still felt easier to stay just on the other side of that invisible line. 

And we talked and told more stories. Refill told me about her hero training, and how someone with her power ends up a mech pilot. I told her some carefully edited heist hijinks. And we had a superpowered prank story contest, which I easily won despite what Refill might tell you. I don't care that I almost died laughing at what she did to her stuck up valedictorian during his graduation speech. You haven't been truly pranked until it involves a locked room mystery, a goat, and a jar of vaseline. 

True to her word, Refill was a perfect gentlewoman the entire time, minus the mutual minor groping that I usually initiated. I'm sure it helped that she was having tons of orgasms every day, but she never pushed, never even hinted at more. Well, at least verbally - the boners were a clue - but she never acted on them. She took me at my word and respected my decisions. 

It was incredibly frustrating. 

I mean, look. I'm not a romance novel heroine. I didn't want her to throw me to the ground and take me over my protests. But even if I can't go all the way to the big O, I have needs that I like to be satisfied, and this island is way too small for masturbation. Now I was in a situation where I'd literally cock-blocked myself, and changing my mind would be self-serving and hypocritical. 

I lasted five days. 

* * * 

It was noon, I was on blowjob number 15, I had about five inches of Refill down my throat, and I was trying to channel my inner Bill Clinton. Ew. Ok, that came out really wrong. What I mean is that I was trying to figure out the definition of "is". As in where, exactly, was my "this is sex" barrier. 

Obviously I wasn't getting any cock. But really, fingering wasn't any worse than what we were doing now, right? And what about oral sex? If she ate me out once or twice, would that really register compared to all the blowjobs? I knew I was back to rationalizations and tried to shut down my thought process, but the pulsing between my legs was keeping me from having much success. 

It didn't help that she'd escalated her touching whenever I was going down on her. Nothing bad or forceful - just light caresses - but she didn't feel like she had to leave me totally alone anymore. And while I've never found blowjobs to be really pleasurable physically, there's definitely a psychological component to them - of being in control of your partner's pleasure - that does it for me. Her touches, letting me know she was enjoying herself, just fed back into that. Granted it's a bit muted when you're doing double digits on a daily basis, but it was still there. And when I snowballed her to transfer her share of the cum... man. Those kisses were getting hot, with some not-so-dry humping involved. 

It was one of those that undid me. It started out fairly normal. I swallowed my half, then ported up and kissed her. But apparently my subconscious was trying to be heard, because instead of being to her side like I usually was, I was straddling her instead. Our bodies melded, our breasts smashed together (hers were winning). We both froze for a second, but a mouthful of cum is a strong impetuous to do something quickly, and I mentally shrugged and decided to go with it. I opened my mouth and felt her relax and reciprocate, her cum flowing between us as we made out like teennagers. 

It was a fairly innocent movement. Her hands came up and caressed my back, then went lower. I almost whined when she skipped my ass and instead settled them just below. Fuck holding back, I wanted her to grab my butt, and my currently passion-filled brain knew the best way to do that. I shifted myself down a few inches so her hands would be forced up. Then gasped as the tip of her cock brushed my clit. 

It was like an electric shock, a jolt to my system that made my nerves sing and froze me for a timeless moment. And then I was in a frenzy. Weeks of sexual tension unleashed and my half-assed makeout session turned into a full-on gropefest. I gyrated my hips, sliding up and down. Each time my pussy brushed Refill's cock I would twitch, she would make a small noise and I'd get turned on more. I lifted myself slightly to free my hands, and then moaned in pleasure as I filled them with her breasts. I marvelled at their heft and weight, and in her shuddering reaction and arched back when I found her nipples with my thumbs. 

Her hands had moved up (score one for passion-filled logic) and I whimpered in pleasure as her strong fingers dug into my ass, pulling me tight against her. She stared up at me, eyes wide, wild, and filled to the brim with lust. Experimentally I pushed down on one nipple, and watched in fascination as her eyelids fluttered and she bit her lip to keep from making noise. Her mouth opened before I could do anything else, and she said the last thing I expected. "If we're going to stop," and a deep breath, "you need to do it." 

For a moment I was puzzled and a bit insulted. Then she closed her eyes and arched into me again, pressing her cock hard between my legs, and I understood. Of course she didn't want to stop. She was still trying to give me a choice. 

I fought back against the pleasure, the sheer relief of letting go and enjoying our bodies together, and tried to think. We should stop. But I didn't want to, and I wasn't sure I could. Or at least, not completely. 

It was the work of an instant to change things around. And then I was still straddling her, but now I was looking down at her face between my legs. She had that moment of startlement that she always gets when I reposition us, and then she smiled up at me. She turned her head and kissed the inside of my thigh, and I trembled under her lips. Then her tongue flickered out and ran up my leg to my clit, and my world exploded. 

A dim part of me was raising increasingly strident alarms, but the rest of my body outvoted it. My hands curled through Refill's hair, most of my weight on her hands as she held me up by the butt. Even though I wanted to, I couldn't help or move - it was all I could do to keep from collapsing as she skillfully worked between my legs. Waves of pleasure cycled through me, running from my pussy and up my spine, drawing squeaks and moans and other sophisticated sounds from me in a pulsing, erratic rhythm. 

I closed my eyes and my world contracted until only Refill and I existed, and I felt myself start to build toward orgasm, each wave of pleasure larger than the last. And finally the alarms reached me, and I jerked in place. I opened my mouth to say something, to stop her, but I had no breath left for words. She interrupted my jerk - correctly, actually - to mean I was close, and redoubled her efforts. 

I knew I could do something to stop this. But the rest of the universe had ceased to exists, and what exactly I could do eluded me. Refill was insistent, her attention now solely on my sensitive nub, and I couldn't think through the pleasure, couldn't concentrate enough to do anything but hold on. Struggling, I opened my eyes, hoping that would help restore my senses. I stared. For a moment, I couldn't comprehend what I was seeing. Then it clicked. 

I shrieked and acted on instinct. In this case that meant porting us out to sea, and Refill's scream of shock was interrupted as she went under and the ocean cut her off. I panicked and started to dive after her, but she quickly swam up and surfaced, sputtering questions at me. 

I sat there, treading water, and tried to figure out how to tell her that the rest of her team - The Flying Five - had arrived on the island. And had been watching, in various states of disbelief, as she ate me out. 

***** 

Author's note: I started this just to be writing something. At that point it was intended to just be a fairly short smut story. But Port and Refill had other ideas on where things were going, and I think overall it's far better for that. Unfortunately, it does mean that plot and events are going to get in the way of smut, so this will be the last chapter for a while that has actual sex. 

If you're here for Port and Refill, stick around. You'll get superheros, flashbacks, history and world building. And maybe a bit of risque prose and romance. 

If you're just here for the smut... well, come back around chapter 10. You might be a bit confused, but hopefully you'll still find it hot.